Nick Besler (born May 7, 1993) is an American professional soccer player who currently plays for Real Salt Lake, competing in the Major League Soccer.
Career
College
Besler spent his entire college career at the University of Notre Dame. He made a total of 72 appearances for the Fighting Irish and tallied two goals and five assists. He also helped the Fighting Irish win the 2013 College Cup.
Professional
On January 15, 2015, Besler was selected 5th overall in the 2015 MLS SuperDraft by the Portland Timbers.
On March 29, he made his professional debut for USL affiliate club Portland Timbers 2 in a 3–1 victory over Real Monarchs SLC.
Besler signed with United Soccer League side Real Monarchs on January 2, 2017. He scored his first goal for Real Monarchs on March 28, 2017 in a 2–1 victory against his former club Portland Timbers 2. Besler was the captain for the club.
On August 24, 2017, Besler was signed to the Monarchs' Major League Soccer parent club Real Salt Lake.
Personal life
He is the younger brother of Matt Besler, a retired soccer player who played for Sporting Kansas City and Austin FC.
Honors
Portland Timbers
MLS Cup: 2015
Western Conference (playoffs): 2015
References
External links
Notre Dame Fighting Irish bio
1993 births
Living people
American soccer players
Association football midfielders
Major League Soccer players
MLS Next Pro players
Notre Dame Fighting Irish men's soccer players
People from Overland Park, Kansas
Portland Timbers draft picks
Portland Timbers players
Portland Timbers 2 players
Real Monarchs players
Real Salt Lake players
Soccer players from Kansas
Sportspeople from the Kansas City metropolitan area
USL Championship players
The UNESCO (United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization) World Heritage Sites are places of importance to cultural or natural heritage as described in the UNESCO World Heritage Convention, established in 1972. Tanzania ratified the convention on 2 August 1977, making its historical sites eligible for inclusion on the list. Tanzania has seven UNESCO World Heritage Sites and two of them are placed on the World Heritage Sites in danger.
List of sites
The table lists information about each World Heritage Site:
Name: as listed by the World Heritage Committee
Location: province or town of site
Period: time period of significance
UNESCO data: the site's reference number; the year the site was inscribed on the World Heritage List; the criteria it was listed under. Criteria i through vi are cultural, while vii through x are natural (the column sorts by year added to the list)
Description: brief description of the site
In addition to the seven official sites, Tanzania maintains a tentative list of five more sites, provided by Tanzania's state party.
• Oldonyo Murwak
• Gombe National Park
• Jozani-Chwaka Bay Conservation Area
• Eastern Arc Mountain Forests of Tanzania
• The Central Slave Trade and Ivory Route (trans-national site, includes Bagamoyo, Mamboya, Mpwapwa, Kilimatinde, Kwihara and Ujiji Bagamoyo)
See also
Tourism in Tanzania
List of World Heritage in Danger
References
External links
Tanzania
List
World Heritage Sites
Enea Silvio Piccolomini (German: Johann Norbert Piccolomini; Papal States, c. 1650 – Pristina or Skopje, Ottoman Empire, 9 November 1689) was a Sienese nobleman whose lineage included two popes, and who served in the Habsburg army of Leopold I, Holy Roman Emperor. He is known for leading a campaign against the Ottomans in Bosnia, Macedonia and Kosovo in 1689, and for setting on fire Skopje, the present day capital of the Republic of North Macedonia.
Origins
Enea Silvio Piccolomini came from the long-established noble family Piccolomini, which included two popes: Pius II (born Enea Silvio Piccolomini) and Pius III (born Francesco Todeschini Piccolomini), as well as the Generalfeldmarschall Ottavio Piccolomini.
Early career
Young nobles left Siena individually and contacted the important Italian lobby in Vienna, hoping to obtain junior positions in some German regiment. In February 1660 Enea Silvio also left Siena to look for a career in Vienna. Enea Silvio's father established him in an apartment in the imperial capital, with a page, two valets, and a groom for his horses, while the youngster sought audiences with the emperor Leopold I, empress, the archduke and important ministers on the credentials of his famous ancestors.
A breakthrough came when he managed to obtain a position in the regiment of the minister Count Rabassa. Enea Silvio's situation, like that of other young German and Italian officers, was precarious. When the emperor dissolved some of his regiments in October 1660, he narrowly escaped complete unemployment and was happy to be a simple comet in his patron's cavalry regiment.
In 1675 Enea Silvio was a lieutenant-colonel on a campaign. He describes some desperate and bloody engagements he fought against the French in the Rhineland under Montecuccoli.
Although his court patron, the empress Claudia Felicitas of Austria died in 1676, he gained sudden popularity with the court, and in January 1677 he describes himself as being feted by the emperor and all the ministers in Vienna - appearing to have as many friends at court as if he had never left it. The last letter from November 1681 shows him negotiating through the Dowager Empress Leonora for the positions of pages for his nephews; for him, they represented two more Piccolomini and Sienese in Germany.
Campaign in the Balkans
After the siege of Vienna (1683), emperor Leopold I mounted a series of campaigns against the Ottomans (see: Great Turkish War), to capture territories of the Balkans.
During the Battle of Mohács (1687) Enea Silvio Piccolomini, now a lieutenant-general, with some of his cavalry regiments successfully counterattacked and stopped the attack of the numerically much superior Ottoman Sipahi cavalry, helping in saving the left-wing of the Habsburg army.
In 1689 one of the Austrian campaigns was led by Piccolomini. He led an army into Kosovo, where it was welcomed by Albanian Archbishop and Patriarch of Këlmendi, Pjetër Bogdani, and large numbers of Catholic and Muslim Albanians and Serbs, who joined the army. Piccolomini thus had over 20,000 Albanians and Serbs under his orders.
He attempted to conquer the Ottoman territories of Kosovo, Bosnia and Macedonia. During the offensive, the city of Skopje, the present-day capital of the Republic of Macedonia, was plagued by epidemics of cholera. To prevent the outburst of the disease, or, by other accounts, to retaliate for the siege of Vienna, General Piccolomini ordered the city to be burned (see Fire of Skopje). He perished of the plague himself in Skopje; leaderless, his army was defeated. Many of the Serbs and Albanians fled into exile, led by the Patriarch Arsenije III Crnojević.
Sources
The decline of a provincial military aristocracy: Siena, 1560-1740 by Gregory Hanlon.
Richter, Die Piccolomini (Berlin, 1874)
A. Lisini and A. Liberati, Albero della famiglia Piccolomini (Siena, 1899)
Articles by A. Lisini in the Miscellanea storica senese, 3rd series 12, and 4th series, 17 and 189.
See also
Piccolomini
Great Turkish War
Holy League (1684)
Jovan Monasterlija
References
1689 deaths
Austrian generals
Italian generals
Austrian people of Italian descent
Italian untitled nobility
People of the Great Turkish War
Year of birth uncertain
Military personnel of the Habsburg Monarchy
People from Siena
Enea Silvio
The Pacific Proving Grounds was the name given by the United States government to a number of sites in the Marshall Islands and a few other sites in the Pacific Ocean at which it conducted nuclear testing between 1946 and 1962. The U.S. tested a nuclear weapon (codenamed Able) on Bikini Atoll on June 30, 1946. This was followed by Baker on July 24, 1946 (dates are Universal Time, local dates were July 1 and 25, respectively).
On July 18, 1947, the United States secured an agreement with the United Nations to govern the islands of Micronesia as the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands, a strategic trusteeship territory. This is the only such trusteeship ever granted by the United Nations to the United States. The Trust Territory comprised about 2,000 islands spread over of the North Pacific Ocean. Five days later, the United States Atomic Energy Commission established the Pacific Proving Grounds.
The United States conducted 105 atmospheric and underwater (i.e., not underground) nuclear tests in the Pacific, many with extremely high yields. While the Marshall Islands testing composed 14% of all U.S. tests, it composed nearly 80% of the total yields of those detonated by the U.S., with an estimated total yield of around 210 megatons, with the largest being the 15 Mt Castle Bravo shot of 1954 which spread considerable nuclear fallout on many of the islands, including several that were inhabited and some that had not been evacuated.
Many of the islands which were part of the Pacific Proving Grounds are still contaminated from the nuclear fallout, and many of those who were living on the islands at the time of testing have suffered from an increased incidence of various health problems. Through the Radiation Exposure Compensation Act of 1990, at least $759 million has been paid to Marshall Islanders as compensation for their exposure to U.S. nuclear testing. Following the Castle Bravo accident, the U.S. paid $15.3 million to Japan.
Scientists have calculated that the residents of the Marshall Islands during their lifetimes will be diagnosed with an added 1.6% (with 90% uncertainty range 0.4% to 3.4%) cancers attributable to fallout-related radiation exposures. The cancers are the consequence of exposure to ionizing radiation from weapons test fallout deposited during the testing period (1948–1958) and from residual radioactive sources during the subsequent 12 years (1959–1970).
Strategic Trust Territory
On July 18, 1947, the United States convinced the United Nations to designate the islands of Micronesia as the Strategic Trust Territory. This was the only trust ever granted by the U.N. The directive stated that the United States should "promote the economic advancement and self-sufficiency of the inhabitants, and to this end shall... protect the inhabitants against the loss of their lands and resources..."
The United States Navy controlled the Trust from a headquarters in Guam until 1951, when the United States Department of the Interior took over control, administering the territory from a base in Saipan.
Despite the promise to "protect the inhabitants", from July 1946 through July 1947, the residents of Bikini Atoll who had been relocated to Rongerik Atoll were starving for lack of food. A team of U.S. investigators concluded in late 1947 that the islanders must be moved immediately. Press from around the world harshly criticized the U.S. Navy for ignoring the people. Harold Ickes, a syndicated columnist, wrote "The natives are actually and literally starving to death." The islanders were later moved again to Kili Island, which is not surrounded by a reef. The island does not support the inhabitants' traditional way of life.
Radiation exposure
Because of the large amount of atmospheric testing, and especially the Castle Bravo accident of 1954, many of the islands which were part of the Pacific Proving Grounds are still contaminated by nuclear fallout.
Scientists calculated in 2010 that during the lifetimes of members of the Marshall Islands population, potentially exposed to ionizing radiation from weapons test fallout deposited during the testing period (1948-1958) and from residual radioactive sources during the subsequent 12 years (1959-1970), perhaps 1.6% (with 90% uncertainty range 0.4% to 3.4%) of all cancers might be attributable to fallout-related radiation exposures. By sub-population, the projected proportion of cancers attributable to radiation from fallout from all nuclear tests conducted in the Marshall Islands is 55% (with a 28% to 69% uncertainty range) among 82 persons exposed in 1954 on Rongelap Atoll and Ailinginae Atoll, 10% (2.4% to 22%) for 157 persons exposed on Utirik Atoll, and 2.2% (0.5% to 4.8%) and 0.8% (0.2% to 1.8%), respectively, for the much larger populations exposed in mid-latitude locations including Kwajalein and in southern locations including Majuro.
Compensation
Since 1956, the U.S. has paid at least $759 million to Marshall Islanders as compensation for their exposure to U.S. nuclear testing. Following the Castle Bravo accident on March 1, 1954, the U.S. paid $15.3 million to Japan.
In June 1983, the U.S. and the Marshall islanders signed the Compact of Free Association, which gave the Marshall Islands independence. The Compact became effective in 1986 and was subsequently modified by the Amended Compact that became effective in 2004. It also established the Nuclear Claims Tribunal, which was given the task of adjudicating compensation for victims and families affected by the nuclear testing program. Section 177 of the compact provided for reparations to the Bikini islanders and other northern atolls for damages. It included $150 million to be paid over a 15-year period ending in 2001. During that time, payments averaging about $18 million per year were made to the peoples of Bikini, Enewetak, Rongelap, and Utrik for medical and radiological monitoring, and in response to claims. The payments began in 1987 with $2.4 million paid annually to the entire Bikini population, while the remaining $2.6 million is paid into The Bikini Claims Trust Fund. This trust is intended to exist in perpetuity and to provide the islanders a 5% payment from the trust annually.
The United States also passed the Radiation Exposure Compensation Act in 1990 to allow individuals to file claims for compensation in relation to testing as well as those employed at nuclear weapons facilities.
On March 5, 2001, the Nuclear Claims Tribunal ruled against the United States for damages done to the islands and its people. The Nuclear Claims Tribunal awarded the islanders a total of $563,315,500 after deducting past awards. However, the U.S. Congress has failed to fund the settlement. The only recourse is for the Bikini people to petition the U.S. Congress to fund the payment and fulfill this award. The United States Supreme Court turned down the islanders' appeal of the United States courts of appeals decision that refused to compel the government to fund their claim.
, trusts remaining from the settlement produced about USD$6 to $8 million annually in investment income, and the trusts paid out about USD$15,000 per family each year in benefits.
Testing chronology
Operation Crossroads (1946)
The first use of the Pacific Proving Grounds was during Operation Crossroads, the first nuclear testing done after the atomic bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki. Two fission bombs, both with a yield of 21 kilotons, were tested
at Bikini Atoll. "Able" was detonated at an altitude of 520 ft (158 m) on July 1, 1946, and "Baker" was detonated at a depth of 90 ft (27 m) underwater on July 25. Both tests used a flotilla of obsolete vessels from World War II with the intent of learning the effects of nuclear weapons on naval fleets. The "Baker" shot created a large condensation cloud and spread much more radioactive water onto the ships than was expected; many of the surviving ships became too "hot" to be used or decontaminated and eventually had to be sunk.
Operation Sandstone (1948)
Three weapons were detonated on the Enewetak Atoll as part of Operation Sandstone in 1948.
Operation Greenhouse (1951)
Four weapons were detonated on the Enewetak Atoll as part of Operation Greenhouse in 1951. Two are of particular note: Greenhouse "Item" was the first use of a boosted fission weapon, and "George" was a thermonuclear experiment designed to prove the feasibility of the Teller-Ulam design for the possibility of developing hydrogen bombs.
Operation Ivy (1952)
Two weapons were detonated at the Enewetak Atoll as part of Operation Ivy in 1952. One of them, Ivy King, was the largest pure-fission bomb ever detonated, with a yield of 500 kilotons, and the other, Ivy Mike, was the first hydrogen bomb device (it was too large to be an actual weapon), with a yield of 10.4 Mt.
Operation Castle (1954)
Six very large nuclear tests were conducted at the Bikini Atoll and the Enewetak Atoll as part of Operation Castle in 1954. The most notable was Castle Bravo, which was the first deployable (dry fuel) hydrogen bomb developed by the United States. Its yield, at 15 Mt, was over twice as powerful as was predicted, and remains the largest weapon ever detonated by the United States. It spread nuclear fallout over a wide area, including the Enewetak Atoll, Rongerik Atoll, Ailinginae Atoll, and Rongelap Atoll. The U.S. Navy evacuated the islanders within the next few days, but many of the natives were exposed to radiation prior to evacuation. The fishermen aboard the Japanese fishing vessel, the Daigo Fukuryu Maru, were additionally exposed and one man died soon after from complications of radiation sickness, resulting in considerable international controversy.
Operation Redwing (1956)
Seventeen nuclear weapons were detonated on the Bikini and Enewetak Atolls as part of Operation Redwing in 1956. Many of them were designed to prove the feasibility of numerous thermonuclear weapon designs, with yields ranging from around 2 to 5 Mt.
Operation Hardtack I (1958)
Thirty-five weapons were detonated at the Bikini Atoll, Enewetak Atoll, and Johnston Island as part of Operation Hardtack I in 1958.
Operation Dominic (1962)
Thirty-six weapons were detonated at sites in the Pacific Ocean in the vicinity of Christmas Island and Johnston Atoll as part of Operation Dominic I. Though these tests were not conducted in the Marshall Islands, they are officially considered part of the Pacific Proving Grounds. The portion of the Dominic series of tests that were high altitude nuclear explosions were known as Operation Fishbowl, though not all were successful (one detonated on launchpad and resulted in a substantial plutonium contamination). Two of the tests were of operational weapons systems—the ASROC anti-submarine rocket and the Polaris SLBM (the latter test, Frigate Bird, was the only operational submarine-launched ballistic missile test with a live warhead ever undertaken by the USA).
Partial Test Ban Treaty
The signing of the Partial Test Ban Treaty in 1963 forbade atmospheric and underwater nuclear weapons, and so no further U.S. tests were conducted at the Pacific Proving Grounds, with all but ten occurring at the Nevada Test Site until the end of testing in 1992.
Geographical names
The Bikini and Enewetak Atolls are each a collection of islands. Various names have been assigned to the islands over time, and the confusion over the names (and their alternate transliterations) have been the source of much confusion, and in addition, over time islands appear, disappear, separate and join, and are excavated by bombs. Here are the islands listed in clockwise fashion starting with left side of the major inlet into the lagoon in each atoll. The names include the official Marshall Island names, the American military names used after occupation through the atomic testing period, and the Japanese names used while they occupied the islands during World War II, plus names gleaned from other sources.
See also
Nuclear weapons of the United States
Nuclear labor issues
Explanatory notes
References
External links
"Gallery of U.S. Nuclear Tests" at Carey Sublette's NuclearWeaponArchive.org
The Advisory Committee on Human Radiation Experiments (ACHRE)Chapter 12: The Marshallese
Bikini Atoll official website
Republic of the Marshall Islands Nuclear Claims Tribunal
American nuclear test sites
Nuclear weapons infrastructure of the United States
Proving grounds
Bikini Atoll
Enewetak Atoll
Nuclear test sites
Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands
1947 establishments in the United States
1947 establishments in Oceania
Eric Katz is a mathematician working in combinatorial algebraic geometry and arithmetic geometry. He is currently an associate professor in the Department of Mathematics at Ohio State University.
In joint work with Karim Adiprasito and June Huh, he resolved the Heron–Rota–Welsh conjecture on the log-concavity of the characteristic polynomial of matroids. With Joseph Rabinoff and David Zureick-Brown, he has given bounds on rational and torsion points on curves.
Education
Katz went to Beachwood High School, in Beachwood, Ohio, a suburb of Cleveland. After earning a B.S. in Mathematics from Ohio State University in 1999, he pursued graduate studies at Stanford University, obtaining his Ph.D. in 2004 with a thesis written under the direction of Yakov Eliashberg and Ravi Vakil.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
1970s births
Living people
Ohio State University faculty
University of Waterloo faculty
Stanford University alumni
People from Cleveland
Mathematicians from Ohio
Algebraic geometers
Combinatorialists
20th-century American mathematicians
21st-century American mathematicians
Ohio State University College of Arts and Sciences alumni
G. S. Sachdev (born Gurbachan Singh Sachdev, in Lyallpur, Punjab, 1935 – June 24, 2018) was an Indian performer of the bansuri (bamboo flute). He performed Hindustani classical music.
Sachdev was on the advisory board of the World Flute Society.
Among his students were Oscar van Dillen, Jeff Whitter and Jin Hi Kim.
Discography
Spirit
Live in Concert
Flights of Improvisation
Full Moon
Master of the Bamboo Flute, v. 2
Bansuri (Solo)
Classical North Indian Ragas
Two Moods
Romantic Ragas
Live in New York
Lyrical Grace
Amar Sangit
Jasmine Nights
Incantations
Aradhana
Greeting of the Dawn
Raga Patdeep (cassette)
See also
Bansuri
Hindustani classical music
External links
G. S. Sachdev official site
1935 births
2018 deaths
Hindustani instrumentalists
Indian flautists
People from Faisalabad
Albert Syben (born 1 July 1952) is a Belgian former professional boxer who competed from 1977 to 1986. He challenged for the European heavyweight title twice between 1982 and 1983, and held the Belgian heavyweight title twice between 1979 and 1982.
Biography
Albert Syben was born and grew up in Cheratte, Liège, Belgium. He fought for his first title in 1979, facing Rudy Gauwe in Lokeren, his opponent's hometown, in front of 6,000 people. He defeated Gauwe to become the new Belgian heavyweight champion. Syben successfully defended the title against Robert Desnouck on 13 October 1979. On 14 December 1979, he lost his title in a rematch against Gauwe in Brussels.
Syben regained the Belgium heavyweight title by defeating Gauwe in their third bout on 17 April 1981. He later challenged two times for the European heavyweight title, being defeated twice by Lucien Rodriguez, in 1982 and 1983.
On 1 June 1979, Syben faced Muhammad Ali in a 6 round exhibition bout.
Professional boxing record
Exhibition boxing record
References
1952 births
Living people
Belgian male boxers
Sportspeople from Liège
Batrachedra hypoleuca is a moth in the family Batrachedridae. It is found in Australia (including New South Wales).
References
Natural History Museum Lepidoptera generic names catalog
Batrachedridae
Miss Rose () is 2012 Taiwanese romantic comedy television series starring Megan Lai, Roy Chiu as the main leads, with Paul Hsu, Tia Lee, Chunya Chao and Puff Guo in supporting roles. The original title literally translates as "Miss Screws to get married" which is in reference to Megan Lai's character name which pronunciation sounds the same as "screw" in Mandarin and Roy Chiu's character "Gao Cheng Kuan" referring his workers as "screws", mentioned in episode 1. Filming began on June 9, 2012 and finished on December 6, 2012. First episode began airing on July 22, 2012 and finished on December 30, 2012 with 23 episodes total. The drama was filmed while it aired.
Synopsis
When a hardworking office lady is told by a fortune teller that she will never get married, she makes a bet with the fortune teller that she will prove her reading wrong or else she will give her $1 million. She meets a heartless, stern and cold CEO of a company who has no compassion for his employees who will eventually become her new boss. At first both can't stand each other but after working closely with each other they learn to trust each other and love blossoms between the two. But it won't be easy for their love to survive when he has a fiancée who won't let go and she has a former boyfriend who wants her back.
Plot summary
Luo Si Yi is the hardest working person in her company. On a whim, she goes to see a fortune teller who tells her she will never get married. Furious of the reading she has just received she makes a wager with the fortune teller by saying she will get married within a year and if she can't she will pay the fortune teller $1,000,000.00 dollars. Si Yi goes on many blind dates where she is insulted by guys who are not up to standards that tell her she is old and past her age for marriage and to have children.
Gao Cheng Kuan is a corporate raider and heartless CEO who sees his employees as screws. Any screws that are rusted should be thrown out and any that are loose needs to be screwed on tightly. He himself is also in a difficult position since he has betrothed to his bosses spoiled daughter who he does not love and always having to prove his worth to his boss and his daughter.
When Si Yi is sent by her lazy boss to get a cake for the head of their company birthday party she meets Cheng Kuan when she accidentally splatters a cake and ruins his expensive suit. Not having the proper attire to a corporate takeover meeting he is helming it causes him to not show up to the meeting and lose his chance at taking over a company. This causes conflict between him and his future father-in-law which result in Cheng Kuan being sent to run the light company that Si Yi works for in order to prove himself again. Si Yi and Cheng Kuan have a further misunderstanding of each other when she goes to work on the weekend to catch up and he shows up in casual clothes to scope out the company. She mistakes him for a burglar, stalker, and pervert, but later finds out that he is her new boss.
Seeing how everyone at the lighting company is lacking and lazy, Cheng Kuan soon learns to trust only Si Yi, the hardest working person in the company. She becomes his assistant at the company and romance between the two starts to blossom when they go on a business trip together, but his fiancée is not happy with Cheng Kuan loving another woman even though she doesn't love him because she doesn't like her things being taken from her. Cheng Kuan soon has to make the decision of giving up as future CEO of a huge corporation, something he has worked hard for all his life to be with the woman he loves or staying in a loveless relationship to keep what he has worked hard for.
Cast
Main cast
Megan Lai 賴雅妍 as Luo Si Yi 羅思儀 - Female age 31
She's an hardworking Office Lady at Guang Qiang LED Corp (a lighting company) who wakes up early to give all of her superiors wake-up calls, picks up the flowers from the florist each morning for display at the office and buys the cake and party favors whenever there is a celebration needed in the office. A fortune teller tells her she will never get married, not being able to accept her fortune reading she challenges the fortune teller, by waging a bet that she can get married within a year. One day the parent company of the company she works for, sends over their top exec Gao Cheng Kuan to restructure and run the company because the CEO is not happy with the declining profits. She becomes Cheng Kuan's assistant at the office. At first she hated him thinking he is a pervert because of an earlier misunderstanding.
Roy Chiu 邱澤 as Gao Cheng Kuan 高丞寬 - Male age 32
He is the top exec at Yi Ren Group. He is a cold, ruthless, impatient and arrogant businessman. His boss Jiang Chu Lian is extremely impressed with him and betroths his daughter Vivian to him so he can be the future CEO of his company. His future father-in-law sends him to Guang Qiang LED Corp in order to restructure and turn the company into an profitable company. He refuses at first and threatens to resign deeming it as an embarrassment to his career if he works as Guang Qiang LED Corp, but Jiang Chu Lian reminds him that he will be taking over his company one day and should take the position to further prove himself.
Paul Hsu 許騰方 as Guan Sheng Jun 關勝君 - Male age 28
Gao Cheng Kuan's driver and trusted personal assistant. He is Cheng Kuan voice of reason and right hand man when making decisions. He has a crush on Zhong Xiao Ke and does not know at first that she is already engaged to someone else.
Tia Lee 李毓芬 as Zhong Xiao Ke 鍾小可 - Female age 27
Luo Si Yi happy go lucky carefree friend and Ah Ze's fiancee, She owns and operates a coffee and tea shop. She tries to get Si Yi to be more relaxed in order for her to be able to land a husband within a year. She thought she was in an loving, devoted and secure relationship with her fiancee Ah Ze, only to find out in the worst way that he was secretly having an affair outside.
Zhao Jun Ya 趙駿亞 as （Eddi）Tang Yi Chun 湯以尊 - Male age 32
Luo Si Yi's ex-boyfriend who broke her heart publicly when she found out he had a fiancee on the side and that the two would be leaving for the U.S. to get married. They cross paths again when Guang Qiang LED Corp and a rival company is trying to recruit him. She is asked by her bosses to attend an event he will be at to present a proposal to bid for his interest in joining their company.
Puff Guo 郭雪芙 as Vivian Jiang 江薇安 - Female age 28
Gao Cheng Kuan's fiancee and Jiang Chu Lian's daughter. She is the typical spoil rich girl who thinks she is above all. She and Gao Cheng Kuan are in a loveless for business purposes only relationship, they only stay together for the sake of her father. He to be CEO of the company and her to be a future high society wife.
Supporting cast
Zhao Zheng Ping 趙正平 as Wu Jian Shu 吳建樹 - Male age 40
He is President of Guang Qiang LED Corp. He is a lazy boss who does not care about the profits of his company. He plays hooky all day and lives off of investors money. He is not happy when Gao Cheng Kuan is sent to restructure his company and tells all of his employees not to help Cheng Kuan.
Jack Na Wei Xun 那維勳 as Kang You Wei 康有為 - Male age 33
General Manager of Guang Qiang LED Corp and Luo Si Yi's Supervisor. Like Wu Jian Shu, he is also a lazy boss. Originally the Deputy Chief of Guang Qiang LED Corp, he is demoted to General Manager position when Gao Cheng Kuan arrives to work at the company.
Yvonne Yao Cai Ying 姚采穎 as Song Ting Ai 宋廷嬡 - Female age 31
Works at Guang Qiang LED Corp. She uses her flirty and sexy appearance to get on the bosses good side.
Yin Fu 茵芙 as Chen Maio Jin 陳妙津 - Female age 25
Kang You Wei's secretary. She is a worrywart, she'll cry at the slight hearing of problems at Guang Qiang LED Corp. She looks up to Si Yi and tries to help her whenever it is possible.
Akio Chen as Luo Yun Biao 羅雲標 - Male age 54
Luo Si Yi and Luo Si Qi's loving father. Zeng Mei Nu's husband. He owns and runs a dry cleaning business. His younger daughter married sooner than his older daughter. his biggest desire is for his older daughter Si Yi to get married, but being a caring father he does not push her as he only wants her to be happy.
Yang Li-yin 楊麗音 as Zeng Mei Nu 曾美女 - Female age 53
Luo Si Yi and Luo Si Qi's loving but gossipy mother. She is always telling Si Yi to not overwork herself and look for an husband instead.
Stephanie Chang Pei Ying 張珮瑩 as Luo Si Qi 羅思齊 - Female age 29
Luo Yun Biao's and Zeng Mei Nu's younger daughter. Luo Si Yi's younger sister. Tang Mu's wife. She got married before her older sister. She and her husband are in a loving marriage and tend to be affectionate with each other in public without caring what others think.
Ying Wei-min 應蔚民 as Tang Mu 湯姆 - Male age 31
Luo Si Qi's loving and affectionate husband. Luo Yun Biao's and Zeng Mei Nu's son-in-law. Luo Si Yi's brother-in-law. He dated Luo Si Qi when they were in High School and got married right after graduating from school.
Ai Wei 艾偉 as Jiang Chu Lian 江楚濂 - Male age 55
CEO of Yi Ren Group. Vivian's father. He deeply cares about and spoils his only child Vivian. He is extremely impressed with Gao Cheng Kuan's ways of business dealing and wants him to be the future CEO of his company and Son-in-law.
Lang Tsu-yun 郎祖筠 as Lily - Female age 40
The fortune teller who gave a reading to Luo Si Yi and told her she will never get married. If she loses Si Yi bet she will have to pole dance at Si Yi's wedding.
Chris Lee 李至正 as Ah Ze 阿哲 - Male age 28
Zhong Xiao Ke fiancee. He acts like a loving and devoted boyfriend but secretly he was having an affair with Song Ting Ai.
Pan Li Li 潘麗麗 as Yue Xiang 月香 - Female
Gao Cheng Kuan's mother. She cares about her son. She thought Vivian would be the greatest daughter-in-law to have.
Cameos
Chen Ya Lin 陳雅琳 as herself - Female
Gao Cheng Kuan goes on her news talk show thinking it will highlight all his business accomplishments but instead he is surprise attacked by the host questioning his ethic on how he runs a business.
Guan Jin Zong 管謹宗 as Mr. Chen 陳董事長 - Male
Chairman of a company Gao Cheng Kuan was in the process of an hostile takeover but because Luo Si Yi ruins his suit at a bakery (the first time they meet), he does not make it to the takeover meeting in time to sign the takeover documents.
Gao Ting Yu 高廷宇 as Wen Bin 文彬 - Male
Works at Guang Qiang LED Corp. One of Kang You Wei's assistants.
Lu Yi Long 陸一龍 as Xie Zheng Tang 謝正堂 - Male
Guang Qiang LED Corp the largest shareholder and Chairman.
Zhu De Gang 朱德剛 as Chen Yi Jun 陳一俊 - Male
Luo Si Yi's blind date who turns out to be extremely rude and a slob.
Xie Qiong Nuan 謝瓊煖 as Magazine Editor 陸惠玲 - Female
Magazine editor who was going to chronicle Gao Cheng Kuan's and Vivian's wedding.
Luo Bei An 羅北安 as Mr. Wang 王董事長 - Male
Chairman of a rival company who gives bribe money to Wu Jian Shu and Kang You Wei to make sure Gao Cheng Kuan fails at making Guang Qiang LED Corp a profitable company.
Bonnie Yu 余函彌 as Xiang Xiang 湘湘 - Female
Tang Yi Chun's secret fiancee who he breaks up with Luo Si Yi for.
Soundtrack
No official soundtrack album was released for "Miss Rose". The opening theme song is "Sneezing (fast version) 打噴嚏（發燒快版）" by Yen-j and the closing theme song is "One In A Thousand 好難得" by Della Ding.
Songs
Sneezing (fast version) 打噴嚏（發燒快版）by Yen-j 嚴爵
Sneezing (slow version) 打噴嚏（過敏慢版）by Yen-j 嚴爵
Simple Love 單細胞 by Yen-j 嚴爵
One In A Thousand 好難得 by Della Ding 丁噹
Not As Good As 倒不如 by Della Ding 丁噹
Not Brave Enough 不夠勇敢 by Della Ding 丁噹
I Am Still the Same 我還是一樣 by Della Ding 丁噹
Albums
Publications
September 17, 2012: Miss Rose Original Novel (螺絲小姐要出嫁 原創小說) - Gold Fish Publishing Co., Ltd. 金魚喬伊著 - Author: Sanlih E-Television 三立電視監製
Filming locations
"Miss Rose" was filmed entirely in various cities and counties throughout Taiwan.
Keelung
Badouzi Night Market 八斗子夜市
Taipei
Lao-Teng Food & Restaurant 荖藤酒窖
Gian 6 degrees Coffee 喬安拾豆
FamilyMart 全家湖濱店 - No. 104, Lane 103, Section 2, Nèihú Rd, Neihu District Taipei City, Taiwan 114
Franz and Friends 城市舞台藝文沙龍
Franz Café 法藍瓷咖啡
Daan District Taipei Police Station 臺北市政府警察局大安分局 - No. 17, Lane 23, Ruìan St, Daan District Taipei City, Taiwan 106
Siwei Laundry 四維洗衣店 - No. 2, Lane 192, Sìwei Rd, Daan District Taipei City, Taiwan 106
New Taipei
New Taipei City Sunshine Bridge 新北市新店區陽光橋
An Keng Sun Sports Park 陽光運動公園
Everlight Electronics Co., Ltd. 億光電子工業股份有限公司
Pinglin Old Bridge 坪林舊橋
Fullon Hotel Shenkeng 福容大飯店深坑
Ping Hsi Shifen Old Street 平溪老街
Yilan County
Tai Mall 京師百貨
Yilan County Hall 宜蘭縣政府
Taoyuan County
Fastek Lighting International, Inc. 光鈦國際股份有限公司
Pingtung County
National Museum of Marine Biology and Aquarium 國立海洋生物博物館
Broadcast
"Miss Rose" first original airing began on Taiwanese Sanlih channel TTV on July 22, 2012 every Sunday night at 10:00 PM, final episode was aired on December 30, 2012 with 23 episodes total. Each episode running time is 90 minutes with commercials included.
Episode ratings
"Miss Rose" ranked number one in its time slot throughout its original airing with a total average of 3.49. The viewers survey was conducted by AGB Nielsen with a survey range of over 4 years old TV audience.
References
External links
TTV Official website
SET Official blog
ETTV Official website
Official Facebook page
Taiwanese drama television series
2012 Taiwanese television series debuts
2012 Taiwanese television series endings
Taiwanese romance television series
Sanlih E-Television original programming
Jeroen Meijers (born 12 January 1993 in Tilburg) is a Dutch cyclist, who currently rides for UCI Continental team .
Major results
2013
3rd Overall Carpathian Couriers Race
1st Young rider classification
1st Stage 2
2014
10th Ringerike GP
2015
7th Overall Olympia's Tour
7th Piccolo Giro di Lombardia
9th Arnhem–Veenendaal Classic
10th Grand Prix Pino Cerami
2016
1st Overall Kreiz Breizh Elites
1st Flèche Ardennaise
4th Overall Rhône-Alpes Isère Tour
4th Overall Tour de Gironde
5th Overall Tour de Bretagne
1st Points classification
1st Sprints classification
10th Overall Istrian Spring Trophy
2017
6th Volta Limburg Classic
8th Overall Tour des Fjords
2018
6th Overall Tour of Norway
8th Volta Limburg Classic
8th Druivenkoers Overijse
9th Overall Tour des Fjords
9th Grote Prijs Stad Zottegem
10th Antwerp Port Epic
2019
1st Overall Tour de Filipinas
1st Stage 1
1st Overall Tour of China I
1st Stage 4
3rd Overall Tour of Taiyuan
3rd Overall Tour de Indonesia
1st Stage 2
10th Overall Tour de Iskandar Johor
2020
10th Overall Tour de Serbie
10th Overall Tour of Mevlana
10th Grand Prix Central Anatolia
2021
2nd Grand Prix Develi
5th Grand Prix Velo Erciyes
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Dutch male cyclists
Sportspeople from Tilburg
Cyclists from North Brabant
Tasos Vatikiotis (born March 20, 1977) is a former professional soccer player who played with Ethnikos Asteras Football Club, a 1st division professional team at the time (1998-1999), in Athens, Greece and USL's Delaware Wizards in (1997-1998), which was D.C. United's farm team at the time. He played at the top 20 nationally ranked soccer program at Loyola University Maryland from 1994-1998. Prior to college, Vatikiotis played club ball with nationally ranked VISTA Blackwatch and Springfield Nationals where he led both clubs in scoring. He finished the 1993-1994 season as the overall leading goal scorer for both the NCSL's Elite Division 1 League and Virginia's State Cup tournament, which is part of the US Youth Soccer National Championship Series. Vatikiotis was coached, among others, by Michael Brady, Rob Olson, Peter Mehlert, Evangelos Stoyas and Alketas Panagoulias. In his youth and high school days, he also trained and played under John Kerr, Sr., John Kerr, Jr. and Bruce Murray for DC based Fairfax Spartans that had recently won the National Amateur Cup. His father also played an integral part in his overall training growing up. Vatikiotis played attacking central midfield and forward.
- most recent from Washington Post (listed below in references under ) while at Loyola "George Mason (5-3) won for the fourth straight time and handed coach Gordon Bradley his 150th career win in 13 seasons. Loyola, which had been ranked among the nation's top 20 teams a week ago, dropped its second straight to fall to 2-2-2. Scott Thelen, Mark Vita and Eduardo Lima scored for the Patriots, while Tasos Vatikiotis scored for Loyola off an assist from Dan Mosny."
Youth
Vatikiotis was born in Fairfax, Virginia and grew up in his hometown Kallipoli, Piraeus in Greece, during his childhood years. He moved to the Washington metropolitan area with his family in 1988.
References
External links
NCAA Division 1 Men's Soccer Record Book (page 3)
1977 births
Living people
American soccer players
American soccer coaches
Loyola Greyhounds men's soccer players
Greek footballers
Sportspeople from Fairfax, Virginia
Association football midfielders
Association football forwards
USL A-League players
Soccer players from Virginia
Super League Greece players
Footballers from Piraeus
USL First Division players
USISL players
These are the results of the men's 83 kg competition in weightlifting at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta. A total of 20 athletes entered this event.
Results
Each weightlifter had three attempts for both the snatch and clean and jerk lifting methods. The total of the best successful lift of each method was used to determine the final rankings and medal winners.
References
Sources
083
Ura was a very important port on the east Mediterranean coast of the southern Anatolia, in the Late Bronze Age and Iron Age, probably located at the site of modern Silifke, or further west of Gilindere.
In the Late Bronze Age Ura belonged to the kingdom of Tarhuntassa.
Ura was the major port of Anatolia to which grain and goods were brought from Egypt and Canaan via Ugarit for transshipment to the Hitite Empire.
Ura is perhaps to be identified with the site of Soli (later Pompeiopolis). This city was founded by Greeks on the Mediterranean coast, in the 8th century BC.
References
Further reading
Trevor Bryce, The Peoples and Places of Ancient Western Asia, Routledge, Oxon, 2011,
Trevor Bryce, The Kingdom of Hittites, Oxford University Press, New York, 2005,
Bronze Age sites in Europe
Hittite sites in Turkey
Iron Age sites in Europe
Former populated places in Turkey
Lost ancient cities and towns
The 38th Nova Scotia general election may refer to
the 1925 Nova Scotia general election, the 37th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the (due to a counting error in 1859) 38th General Assembly of Nova Scotia,
the 1928 Nova Scotia general election, the 38th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the 39th General Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 16th general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia, or
the 2009 Nova Scotia general election, the 60th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the 61st Legislative Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 38th general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
Nepal Samajbadi Party (Lohiyabadi) (, 'Nepal Socialist Party (Lohiaist)') is a political party in Nepal. As of 2013, the president of the party was Bimal Prasad Argadiya Yadav. The party registered itself with the Election Commission of Nepal ahead of the 2013 Constituent Assembly election, with the support of 10,000 voters. It presented 8 candidates in FPTP constituencies, 3 from Dhanusa district, 3 from Parsa district, 1 from Bara district and 1 from Mahottari district. For the Proportional Representation vote the party submitted a list of 36 candidates, headed by Bimal Prasad Argariya Yadav. The election symbol of the party is a chair.
References
Political parties with year of establishment missing
Socialist parties in Nepal
Harvey J. Graff (born June 19, 1949) is a comparative social historian as well as a professor of English and History at Ohio State University. His writings on the history of literacy have been published in eight countries and he is acknowledged internationally for his contributions to urban studies and urban history. Some of his more notable works include two books entitled The Literacy Myth and Conflicting Paths: Growing Up in America.
Career
Harvey J. Graff received the Bachelor of Arts degree from Northwestern University in 1970 followed by Master of Arts from The University of Toronto in 1971, and finally his Doctor of Philosophy, also from The University of Toronto in 1975.
Before coming to his current residence at Ohio State University in 2004, Graff taught at the University of Texas at Dallas from 1975 to 1998 and the University of Texas at San Antonio from 1998 to 2004. He was a strong proponent of quantitative social science methods in history. He was elected the president of the Social Science History Association (1999-2000). In his presidential address Graff argued that traditional historians had successfully counterattacked against quantification and the innovations of the "new social history":
The case against the new mixed and confused a lengthy list of ingredients, including the following: history's supposed loss of identity and humanity in the stain of social science, the fear of subordinating quality to quantity, conceptual and technical fallacies, violation of the literary character and biographical base of “good” history (rhetorical and aesthetic concern), loss of audiences, derogation of history rooted in “great men” and “great events,” trivialization in general, a hodge-podge of ideological objections from all directions, and a fear that new historians were reaping research funds that might otherwise come to their detractors. To defenders of history as they knew it, the discipline was in crisis, and the pursuit of the new was a major cause.
Books
The Literacy Myth
Written in 1979, this book studies 19th century educators who supported the "literacy myth", as Graff calls it, which is the assumption that literacy translates to economic, social, and cultural success. Graff suggests that this myth views literacy as a necessity for success, and a means to an economic, social, or political end. His research contradicts this, suggesting “that connections between schooling and social mobility are not natural ones". He goes on to say that reality contradicts inborn assumptions correlating literacy and success.
Conflicting Paths: Growing Up in America
The assumption has been made by scholars and the general populace alike “that children have followed in the paths marked out for them by adults, and the possibility that they developed their own reactions and behavior in the course of their maturation has been ignored”. Basically, while social scientists are familiar with normative behavior, little is known about the actual behavior of children as they mature. Conflicting Paths looks at over five-hundred narratives dating from 1750 to 1920 to try and follow the actual process of growing up in America and, if it has, how it has changed over time as well as the effects of factors such as class, gender and ethnicity.
Undisciplining Knowledge: Interdisciplinarity in the Twentieth Century
Published by Johns Hopkins University Press in 2015. According to the description provided in Google Books: "Interdisciplinarity — or the interrelationships among distinct fields, disciplines, or branches of knowledge in pursuit of new answers to pressing problems — is one of the most contested topics in higher education today. Some see it as a way to break down the silos of academic departments and foster creative interchange, while others view it as a destructive force that will diminish academic quality and destroy the university as we know it... Graff presents readers with the first comparative and critical history of interdisciplinary initiatives in the modern university. Arranged chronologically, the book tells the engaging story of how various academic fields both embraced and fought off efforts to share knowledge with other scholars. It is a story of myths, exaggerations, and misunderstandings, on all sides."
Awards
In 2001 he was presented the Doctor of Philosophy honoris causa by the University of Linköping in Sweden for his contributions to scholarship.
Graff has also received awards from the American Antiquarian Society, American Council of Learned Societies, Central Mortgage and Housing Corporation, National Endowment for the Humanities, National Science Foundation, The Newberry Library, Spencer Foundation, Swedish Institute, Texas Committee for the Humanities, and the Woodrow Wilson Foundation.
References
Ohio State University faculty
Social historians
1949 births
Living people
Zvonimir Rogoz (10 October 1887 – 6 February 1988) was a Croatian actor who played in German, Croatian, Slovenian, Czech and Slovakian, on stage and in cinema, during a career long 81 years.
A native of Zagreb, Rogoz started his actor's career in Vienna in Wiener Theater. From 1919 to 1929 he was actor and director in Ljubljana. Rogoz became famous in Czechoslovakia as a guest in title roles when Ljubljana theater in 1927 played in Prague Shakespeare's Hamlet and Dostoevsky's Idiot. Rogoz remained in engagement in National Theatre in Prague from 1929 till 1949. In the prewar period he appeared in many Czechoslovak films of the 1930s, including the 1933 erotic drama Ecstasy, featuring young Hedy Lamarr. He then returned to Zagreb, playing in theater, cinema and television till his death. Younger generations of Croatia remember him even more for his private life: he fathered a child at the age of 96. This and other events became the subject of his autobiographical book Mojih prvih 100 godina (My First 100 Years). He died in Zagreb a few months after his 100th birthday.
Filmography
The Glembays (1988)
Pet mrtvih adresa (1984)
Kiklop (1982)
Dobro jutro sine (1978)
Okupacija u 26 slika (1978)
Harmonika (1972)
Putovanje na mjesto nesreće (1971)
Starci (1971)
Slučajni život (1969)
Cintek (1967)
Rondo (1966)
Ključ (1965)
Banket (1965)
San (1965)
Doktor Knok (1964)
Vrapčić (1964)
Carevo novo ruho (1961)
Samsonov sin (1960)
Vlak bez voznog reda (1959)
Nije bilo uzalud (1957)
Opsada (1956)
The Beginning Was Sin (1954)
U početku bijaše grijeh (1954)
Koncert kao Pjaskovski (1954)
Revolucijski rok 1848 (1949)
Pripad Z-8 (1949)
Muzikant (1948)
Dok se vratiš (1948)
Tri kamaradi (1947)
Violina i san (1947)
Krakatit (1947)
Fourteen at the Table (1943)
Bila jahta u Splitu (1939)
Ecstasy (1933)
TV roles
Dnevnik Očenašeka (1968)
External links
1887 births
1988 deaths
20th-century Croatian male actors
Croatian centenarians
Male actors from Zagreb
Croatian male film actors
Croatian male silent film actors
Croatian male television actors
Men centenarians
Catherine Rachel Mott (née Saul, 1836-1880) was a housewife and an inventor. She received one patent in 1878, before her death, for an improved fire escape.
Biography
Mott was born on November 7, 1836. It is unclear where in New York she was born. She married Francis Roberts Mott who was the son of Valentine Mott a prominent surgeon in New York City. Francis worked as a clerk in the Assay office in New York. They had one daughter, Louisa Mott. Catherine died in 1880 at the age of 44 years. She is buried in Green-Wood Cemetery in Brooklyn, New York.
Patent
Mott's one patent was for an improved fire escape. She was concerned with the safety of women and children trying to descend a single ladder from a burning building. In this position there was the danger of their clothes, particularly women's skirts getting caught on projecting parts of the building. There was also the added danger of the firemen trying to come up the ladder at the same time. Her proposal was for a cage-ladder to be permanently attached to the wall of the building. Residents of the building were to descend on the inside of the ladder while the firefighters would ascend the outside of the ladder.
Collections
Patent Model-Improvement in Fire-Escapes, April 9, 1878, Patent Number 202,115, Hagley Museum and Library, Wilmington, Delaware
References
American patent holders
1836 births
1880 deaths
Wiedermann is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Bedřich Antonín Wiedermann (1883–1951), Czech organist, composer, and teacher
Herbert Wiedermann (born 1927), Austrian sprint canoer
Helga Hellebrand-Wiedermann (1930–2013), Austrian sprint canoer
See also
Wiedemann
German-language surnames
Sruthi is a 1987 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Mohan and produced by M. N. Murali and Sivan Kunnampilly. The film stars Mukesh, Thilakan, KPAC Lalitha and Nedumudi Venu in the lead roles. The film has musical score by Johnson.
Cast
Mukesh - Pradeep
Nedumudi Venu - Thampuran
Geetha
Thilakan
Sreenivasan as Varghese
KPAC Lalitha
Ravi Menon
Soundtrack
The music was composed by Johnson and the lyrics were written by Balachandran Chullikkad.
References
External links
see the film
sruthi(malayalam film)
1987 films
1980s Malayalam-language films
Films scored by Johnson
John Luther Vance (July 19, 1839 – June 10, 1921) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.
Biography
Vance was born in Gallipolis, Ohio and attended the public schools and Gallia Academy, Ohio.
He graduated from the Cincinnati Law School in April 1861, and was admitted to the bar the same year.
Civil War service
He enlisted in April 1861 in the Union Army and served successively as captain, major, and lieutenant colonel in the 4th West Virginia Volunteer Infantry Regiment until he mustered out in December 1864.
Postbellum
After the war he established and published the Gallipolis Bulletin in 1867 and commenced the practice of law in Gallipolis, Ohio, in 1870.
He served as delegate to the 1872 Democratic National Convention and was elected as a Democrat to the Forty-fourth Congress (March 4, 1875 – March 3, 1877).
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1876 to the Forty-fifth Congress and resumed his former newspaper business.
He served as president of the Ohio River Improvement Association from shortly after 1877 until his death.
He died in Gallipolis, Ohio, on June 10, 1921, and was interred in Pine Street Cemetery.
Vance was married to Emily F. Shepard of Gallipolis on October 4, 1866. They had four children.
Vance was a member of the Masonic fraternity, and the Grand Army of the Republic.
References
Retrieved on 2008-11-05
1839 births
1921 deaths
People from Gallipolis, Ohio
Ohio lawyers
Union Army officers
19th-century American newspaper editors
University of Cincinnati College of Law alumni
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Journalists from Ohio
19th-century American lawyers
The men's 20 kilometres walk event at the 1975 Pan American Games was held in Mexico City on 16 October.
Results
References
Athletics at the 1975 Pan American Games
1975
The Cumbria Rugby Union is the governing body for the sport of rugby union in the county of Cumbria in England. The union is the constituent body of the Rugby Football Union (RFU) for Cumbria, and administers and organises rugby union clubs and competitions in the county. It also administers the Cumbria rugby representative teams.
History
The county that we know of today as Cumbria was originally made up of two separate counties known as Cumberland and Westmorland as well as part of Lancashire called Furness. The game of rugby union was first recorded as being played in Carlisle, Cumberland, in 1870, while Westmorland followed a year later in 1871 with a game in Kendal, and club sides sprung up in the region from this point on. Cumberland were first of the two to form a (unofficial) county representative team and, with assistance from Lancashire, they played annual matches against a combined Durham and Northumberland side during the 1870s. Although the actual date that a rugby union in either Cumberland or Westmorland was formed is vague, a centenary brochure was produced by these unions during the 1972/73 season, hinting to formation around 1872/73.
An official Cumberland county side was formed in 1882, facing Northumberland on 11 November that same year, in what was the counties first official game. On the heels of this match the Cumberland clubs bought a Challenge Cup trophy, paid from the gate money, heralding the dawn of what would later become the Cumbria Cup, which still runs today. Four years later in 1886, Westmorland would also form their own county side, and in 1890 both counties would take part in the inaugural County Championships, competing in the north-west group where they would face each other along with Cheshire and Lancashire. Cumberland had some early success in the competition, winning their regional group on several occasions and reaching the final in 1897 when they lost 3-9 to Kent, in a game held at Carlisle. By contrast Westmorland found the County Championship much more challenging and by the 1896-97 they had decided to withdraw from the competition as they were unable to raise a side.
Westmorland would remain apart from the County Championship until the 1906-07 season, when they merged with their neighbours to form Cumberland & Westmorland, taking part in the northern group. Over the next couple of decades, Cumberland & Westmorland would reach several finals, losing in 1913 before going on to win the County Championship for the first time in 1924 when they beat Kent 14-3 in Carisle. In 1974 the counties known as Cumberland and Westmorland would cease to exist as they were merged along with Furness to form Cumbria - a consequence of the Local Government Act 1972. In 1997, after a gap of over 70 years since Cumberland & Westmorland last won the competition, the new-look Cumbria won the County Championship, beating Somerset 21-13 at Twickenham Stadium.
Since the County Championships was reorganized into divisions, Cumbria have failed to re-experience the success of 1997. They have reached the County Championship Shield (third tier) final at Twickenham on two occasions, losing to Surrey in 2013 and Leicestershire in 2015. The 2017 season saw Cumbria moved up into the second division based on past performances as part of the RFU reshuffle of the County Championships.
Cumbria senior men's county side
The senior men's side currently play in Division 3 of the County Championship.
Honours:
County Championship winners (2): 1924, 1997
County Championship Division 3 winners: 2019
Affiliated clubs
There are currently 25 clubs affiliated with the Cumbria RU, most of which have teams at both senior and junior level and are based in Cumbria.
Ambleside
Aspatria
Carlisle
Cockermouth
Creighton
Cumbria Constabulary
Egremont
Furness
Gosforth Greengarth
Hawcoat Park
Kendal
Keswick
Kirkby Lonsdale
Millom
Moresby
Netherhall
Penrith
Silloth
St Benedict's
Upper Eden
Westmorland Barbarians
Whitehaven
Wigton
Windermere
Workington
County club competitions
The Cumbria RU currently runs the following competitions for club sides based in Cumbria:
Leagues
Cumbria 1 - tier 7 league for clubs in Cumbria
Cumbria 2 - tier 8 league
Cups
Cumbria Cup - founded in 1882 (as Cumberland Challenge Cup), open for clubs at tiers 5-7 of the English league system
Cumbria League Cup - founded in 2011, for clubs at tier 8
Cumbria Shield - founded in 1888 (as Cumberland Challenge Shield), for 2nd teams in regional leagues
Discontinued competitions
Westmorland & Furness Cup - modern version of cup founded in 1964 for clubs from Westmorland and Furness, discontinued in 2008
North Lancashire/Cumbria (alongside Lancashire RFU) - league that was ranked at tier 7 of the English rugby union system for clubs that were based in either Cumbria or Lancashire, discontinued in 2018
North West 1 - tier 7 league for Lancashire, Cheshire and Cumbria clubs that was abolished in 2000
North West 2 - tier 8 league for Lancashire, Cheshire and Cumbria clubs that was abolished in 2000
North West 3 - tier 9 league for Lancashire, Cheshire and Cumbria clubs that was abolished in 2000
Notes
See also
Northern Division
English rugby union system
References
External links
Cumbria RU website
Rugby union governing bodies in England
1872 establishments in England
Rugby union in Cumbria
R500 road may refer to:
R500 road (Ireland)
R500 road (South Africa)
Porphyrosela desmodiella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Brazil, Cuba, the Virgin Islands (Saint Thomas), Canada (Ontario) and the United States (including Kentucky, Maryland, Missouri, South Carolina, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Texas, Indiana, Florida, Connecticut, Georgia, Maine, New York, Vermont and Washington).
The wingspan is 4.5–5 mm.
The larvae feed on Bradburya species, Centrosema virginianum, Desmodium species (including Desmodium tortuosum and Desmodium viridiflorum), Lespedeza species (including Lespedeza bicolor, Lespedeza capitata and Lespedeza thunbergii), Phaseolus species, Strophostyles leiosperma and Trifolium repens. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a blotch mine on the underside of the leaf. They are gregarious. Pupation occurs within the mine.
References
External links
mothphotographersgroup
Bug Guide
Porphyrosela at microleps.org
Lithocolletinae
Moths described in 1859
Moths of North America
Lepidoptera of Canada
Lepidoptera of the United States
Taxa named by James Brackenridge Clemens
Leaf miners
The Old Stone Church, built in 1891 to replace the Baptist Church that burned, is a historic building in West Boylston, Massachusetts. On April 13, 1973, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
History
In the 19th century, the Quinapoxet River joined the Stillwater River to become the southern branch of the Nashua River in the town of West Boylston. The church was constructed east to the confluence of the rivers.
From 1896 through 1905 West Boylston endured the building of the Wachusett Reservoir and the destruction of its mills and farms. When the Wachusett Reservoir was completed, the Old Stone Church remained standing as the last remnant of the town which was once in the valley, but was now flooded by the new reservoir.
The predecessor of the Old Stone Church was the second house of worship for the Baptist Society in West Boylston, dedicated on December 6, 1832.
The church and its neighboring church, Saint Anthony's Roman Catholic Church, were destroyed by a fire on May 2, 1890.
The present Old Stone Church was built on the same site and was scheduled for dedication on March 17, 1892, but a fire again badly damaged the interior of the church and the dedication was postponed until May 19, 1892.
In June 1897, the Metropolitan Water Board awarded the Baptist Society $22,500 for the loss of the church for the construction of the reservoir. The last Baptist service was held in April 1902.
On April 13, 1973, the Old Stone Church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
On June 27, 1974, the State awarded $87,000 for reinforcing the roof and walls of the church building. The following month, the church roof and three walls collapsed requiring rebuilding which was completed in the Spring of 1977.
On September 25, 1983, on the occasion of the year of the 175th Anniversary of the Incorporation of the Town of West Boylston, the Rededication of the Old Stone Church was held.
Gallery
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Worcester County, Massachusetts
References
History of West Boylston
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Baptist churches in Massachusetts
Churches in Worcester County, Massachusetts
Churches completed in 1891
Stone churches in Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Worcester County, Massachusetts
The Rue Saint-Dominique is a street in the 7th arrondissement of Paris. It was formerly known as Chemin de la Longue Raye (1355), Chemin des Treilles (1433), Chemin Herbu (des Moulins à Vent) (1523), Chemin de l'Oseraie (1527), Chemin du Port (1530), Chemin des Vaches (1542), Chemin de la Justice and Chemin des Charbonniers. It was renamed Rue Saint-Dominique in 1643 after the Dominican monastery set up a few years earlier near the eastern end of the street (now absorbed by the Boulevard Saint-Germain), whose only remnant is the Église Saint-Thomas-d'Aquin on the Place Saint-Thomas-d'Aquin (called Place des Jacobins until 1802, after the Dominicans).
In 1670, Jeanne Baptiste d'Albert de Luynes was born at number 33, the Hôtel de Luynes. It is now destroyed.
Number 14, the Hôtel de Brienne serves as the official residence of the minister of defense.
The Rue Saint-Dominique is crossed by the Esplanade des Invalides.
Popular culture
The Irish musician Rob Smith released a song in March 2011 called "Rue Sainte-Dominique". The music video was shot on the street and surrounding area.
References
Dominican monasteries in France
Donald G. Malcolm (March 26, 1919 - June 18, 2007) was an American organizational theorist, Professor and Dean at Cal State L.A.'s College of Business and Economics and management consultant, known as co-developer of the Performance, Evaluation, and Review Technique (PERT).
Biography
Malcolm was born and raised in Indianapolis. In 1940 he obtained his BSc in Public Service Engineering from Purdue University, and after the war his MSc in industrial engineering.
In World War II Malcolm served on an aircraft carrier in the Pacific as radioman. After his graduation Malcolm started his academic career as research team leader of the Operations Research Team at the Johns Hopkins University.
In 1950 he was lecturer in Mechanical Engineering, and by 1952 assistant professor of industrial engineering at the University of California, Berkeley.
In the 1950s he was also management consultant for Booz, Allen and Hamilton in Chicago, Illinois, and in those days participated with the US Navy Special Projects Office, especially with Willard Fazar, in the development of PERT. In 1954-1955 he was president of the American Institute of Industrial Engineers, now Institute of Industrial and Systems Engineers.
In 1962 he settled as management consultant with his own consultancy firm Management Technology Inc. From 1962 to 1967 he also directed the National Safety Standards division of the US Department of Transportation. From 1970 he was one of the Senior Vice Presidents of Computer Applications, Inc., and from 1972 to 1981 he served as dean of the College of Business and Economics at the California State University, Los Angeles.
In 1963 he published a review of Cybernetics—in the Service of Communism.This raised concerns that the Soviet Union might use cybernetics to outstrip the USA in terms of economic development.
In 1965 Malcolm was awarded a Distinguished Alumnus Award from Purdue University. After his retired in 1981 and Malcolm moved to the Hawaiian island of Maui, where he remained active for many more years. In the new millennium he had moved back to the mainland, and died in 2007 at his home in Santa Monica.
Work
Team leader on operations research projects
Malcolm made his most notable contributions as team leader on specific operations research projects. The Los Angeles Times (2007) summarized:
"From the mid 1950s he was a team leader on operations research projects at Booz Allen in Chicago; the Systems Development Corp., and Operations Research, Inc. in Santa Monica. While at Booz Allen, he headed the research team that developed the original PERT System for the Navy's first submarine-launched ballistic missile, the Polaris. During this time frame, he also led the team designing the first computer -based Business Game for the American Management Association, which was the model for many such computer simulations in subsequent years."
Selected publications
Donald G. Malcolm, Ernest Paul DeGarmo, Visual Inspection of Products for Surface Characteristics in Grading Operations, U.S. Department of Agriculture, Production and Marketing Administration, 1953.
Malcolm, Donald G., and Alan J. Rowe (eds.) Management control systems: the proceedings of a symposium. Wiley, 1960.
Donald G. Malcolm. Management and the engineer--harnessing technology in pursuit of better management, College of Engineering, West Virginia University, 1974.
Articles, a selection
Bellman, R., Clark, C. E., Malcolm, D. G., Craft, C. J., & Ricciardi, F. M. (1957). "On the construction of a multi-stage, multi-person business game." Operations Research, 5(4), 469-503.
Malcolm, Donald G. "System simulation—a fundamental tool for industrial engineering." Journal of Industrial Engineering 9.3 (1958).
Malcolm, Donald G., Roseboom, J. H., Clark, C. E., & Fazar, W. (1959). "Application of a technique for research and development program evaluation." Operations research, 7(5), 646-669.
Malcolm, Donald G. "Bibliography on the use of simulation in management analysis." Operations Research 8.2 (1960): 169-177.
Malcolm, Donald G. "Exploring the Military Analogy—Real-Time Management Control." See Ref 31 (1960): 187-207.
Malcolm, Donald G. "On the Need for Improvement in Implementation of OR." Management Science 11.4 (1965): B-48.
References
External links
Donald G. Malcolm, School of Industrial Engineering - Purdue University
In Memoriam: Donald G. Malcolm at Cal State LA
1919 births
2007 deaths
American business theorists
Purdue University College of Engineering alumni
Booz Allen Hamilton people
UC Berkeley College of Engineering faculty
California State University, Los Angeles faculty
People from Indianapolis
Yenisefa is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 181 people.
References
Villages in Bolu District
Charles Ware (May 4, 1914 – March 10, 1999) was an African-American field hand in Baker County, Georgia whose shooting by a sheriff was a major turning point in the treatment of black Americans in that county.
Early life
Ware was born in Baker County, Georgia to Zeddie Ware and Willie Mae (Kegler) Jenkins, who were both born in Georgia. His father died when Charlie was young. In 1920, he was living with his widowed mother and three siblings, John, Zeddie and Mary Lou, at their maternal grandparents' farm in rural Milford. He, his mother and grandmother were recorded as being "mulatto." In 1930, he may have been the 16-year-old Charlie Ware imprisoned at the "Industrial Farm for Colored Males" in Adamsville, where boys as young as 10 were incarcerated. In 1940, he was living in Micanopy, Florida and working at the Franklin Lumber & Basket Co. He was recorded as a slight man at only 5'5" and 134 lbs.
July 4, 1961 shooting
On July 4, 1961, Ware was at a barbecue at Ichauway Plantation, Hoggards Mill, Baker County, owned by Coco-Cola Board Chairman Robert W. Woodruff. During the festivities, Ware allegedly flirted with the African-American mistress of the white overseer of the plantation. The overseer complained about this to his friend L. Warren Johnson, the white sheriff of Baker County.
Sheriff Johnson that night went to the Ware home, where he beat his wife, Louise Ware, and forced Ware out of bed. Warren arrested him and handcuffed him, and forced Ware to recite the 23rd Psalm before driving him to the county jail. He then made a claim over the radio of an attempted knife attack — "[He's] coming on me with a knife. I'm going to shoot him!" — before shooting the handcuffed Ware four times. Ware was shot three times in the neck but survived.
Ware was later indicted by a Baker County grand jury on charges of felonious assault. His lawyer, C. B. King, then filed a $100,000 civil suit in federal court, alleging that Johnson's story was preposterous and that he had shot Ware with no provocation. In the spring of 1963, the all-white jury deliberated for less than 90 minutes before exonerating the sheriff. Later, the black community successfully organized a boycott of a grocery store owned by one of the jurors, forcing him out of business.
When Ware's criminal case was brought to trial in July 1963, additional charges of drunkenness on the part of Ware at both the barbecue and on a public highway were included. Ware was found guilty by the jury, but they recommended a lenient sentence. By the time of this trial, Donald L. Hallowell had also become one of Ware's lawyers. He used the trial to challenge the exclusion of African-Americans from serving on Baker County juries.
Death
Ware later moved to Albany, Georgia, where he died at Phoebe Putney Memorial Hospital at aged 84 following multiple strokes. He was survived by his wife, Louise, two daughters and 13 sons.
See also
Albany Movement
References
1914 births
1999 deaths
People from Baker County, Georgia
20th-century African-American people
Houston Elementary School may refer to:
Sam Houston Elementary School, McAllen, Texas, in the McAllen Independent School District
Houston Elementary School, Talladega, Alabama, in Talladega City School District
Houston Elementary School, Visalia, California, in Visalia Unified School District
Henry H. Houston Elementary School, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in School District of Philadelphia
Houston Elementary School, Spartanburg, South Carolina, in Spartanburg County School District
Houston (Josephine Houston) Elementary School, Austin, Texas, in Austin Independent School District
Charles H. Houston Elementary School, Washington, D.C., one of District of Columbia Public Schools
Karol Knap (born 12 September 2001) is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Cracovia.
Career statistics
References
External links
2001 births
Living people
People from Krosno
Association football midfielders
Polish footballers
Poland youth international footballers
Karpaty Krosno players
Puszcza Niepołomice players
MKS Cracovia (football) players
Ekstraklasa players
I liga players
III liga players
IV liga players
Sameera Perera (born 20 August 1988) is a Sri Lankan cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and slow left-arm bowler who plays for Ragama Cricket Club. He was born in Kegalle.
Perera made his debut for the side during the 2009-10 season, against Colts, though he had to wait until his following appearance for his debut outing with the bat, scoring a duck against Chilaw Marians.
External links
Sameera Perera at CricketArchive
1988 births
Living people
Sri Lankan cricketers
Ragama Cricket Club cricketers
NDR Fernsehen is a German free-to-air regional television channel targeting northern Germany, specifically the states of Schleswig-Holstein, Lower Saxony, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Hamburg and Bremen.
It is broadcast by both Norddeutscher Rundfunk (NDR) and Radio Bremen, although the former provides most of the output as they are bigger than the latter. It is one of seven regional "third programmes" offered by the ARD members.
History
It started broadcasting on 4 January 1965 as the common channel of NDR, Radio Bremen and Sender Freies Berlin (SFB). It eventually adopted the name "Nord 3", later "N3". In 1992, the stations broadcast area changed as Mecklenburg-Vorpommern was added to NDR after the German reunification and SFB left the N3 cooperation in October to start its own channel, B1 (now rbb Fernsehen). The name "NDR Fernsehen" was adopted in 2001.
The channel is available in five different feeds for the broadcast of local programmes in the early evening. Four of the areas are branded "NDR Fernsehen", while in the Bremen area, only NDR NDS is available.
NDR Fernsehen Hamburg (NDR FS HH) with Hamburg Journal.
NDR Fernsehen Mecklenburg-Vorpommern (NDR FS MV) with Nordmagazin.
NDR Fernsehen Niedersachsen (NDR FS NDS) with Hallo Niedersachsen.
NDR Fernsehen Schleswig-Holstein (NDR FS SH) with Schleswig-Holstein Magazin.
The NDR-branded areas generally broadcast a shorter news bulletin at 18:00 and a half-hour bulletin at 19:30. As many of the other third channels, NDR Fernsehen simulcasts the main 20:00 edition of Tagesschau.
The channel was initially only available terrestrially in its designated area, but since it became available on satellite and cable television it is available nationally. Many Danish and Dutch cable networks also relay the signal.
Logos and identities
References
External links
Website
Norddeutscher Rundfunk
Mass media in Hamburg
Television stations in Germany
Television channels and stations established in 1965
German-language television stations
Fernow Mountain is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Webb in Herkimer County, east of Old Forge.
References
Mountains of Herkimer County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
Etlingera lagarophylla is a monocotyledonous plant species described by Axel Dalberg Poulsen. Etlingera lagarophylla is part of the genus Etlingera and the family Zingiberaceae. No subspecies are listed in the Catalog of Life.
References
lagarophylla
The 1988–89 Primera División de Fútbol Profesional season is the 37th tournament of El Salvador's Primera División since its establishment of the National League system in 1948. The tournament was scheduled to end on April 2, 1989. Luis Angel Firpo, the best team in the final group, won the championship match against Cojutepeque, the best regular season team.
Teams
Managerial changes
During the season
League standings
Final round standings
Final
Top scorers
List of foreign players in the league
This is a list of foreign players in 1988-1989. The following players:
have played at least one apetura game for the respective club.
have not been capped for the El Salvador national football team on any level, independently from the birthplace
Acajutla
Eraldo Correia
Asdrúbal Padin
Raul Esnal
ADET
C.D. Águila
Joao Cabral Filho
Ned Barbosa
Eduardo Santana
Juan Carlos Carreño
Ramón Maradiaga
Nahún Corro
Alianza F.C.
Óscar Biegler
Patrocinio Sierra
Hernán Sosa
Atletico Marte
Enrique Daniel Urberti
(player released mid season)
(player Injured mid season)
Injury replacement player
Chalatenango
Arnaldo Martínez
Marco Pereira
Cojutepeque
Percibal Piggot
Ruben Guevara
C.D. FAS
Rogelio Flores
Ademar Benítez
Robert Brites
Héctor Cedrés
Luis Alberto Heiman
C.D. Luis Ángel Firpo
Fernando De Moura
Martín Duffo
Miguel Seminario
Metapan
Tomás Rochez
Raúl Centeno Gamboa
Domingo Droummond
External links
1988
Ramiz Mammadov (born 15 August 1968) was an Azerbaijani football player. Sometimes he is confused with his Muscovite colleague Ramiz Mamedov.
He played between 1992 and 2005, for teams such as FC Kapaz (Ganja), Garabag (Agdam), Kur (Mingacevir), Shafa (Baku), and Turan (Tovuz). Toward the end of his career, he played in Iran. He also competed internationally for Azerbaijan.
Career statistics
International career
Mammadov's only goal for Azerbaijan came on 27 July 2000 in a 1–2 defeat to Macedonia.
International statistics
International Goals
Manager career
Mammadov was the head coach for Gabala, before being replaced by ex-England defender Tony Adams.
After leaving Gabala, Mammadov went on to become manager of FC Atyrau at the start of the 2011 Kazakhstan Premier League season. Shortly after taking over as manager of Atyrau, Mammadov caused controversy by stating that Armenian forward Tigran Gharabaghtsyan would not play for the club as long as he is manager. Mammadov resigning as manager after their round 15th match against Tobol on 12 June 2011.
On 24 September 2012, Mammadov was re-appointed as manager of Gabala, replacing the sacked Fatih Kavlak. Mammadov was again sacked as manager of Gabala on 2 April 2013.
Manager statistics
Honours
Kapaz
Azerbaijan Cup (1) - 1999–2000
Shafa Baku
Azerbaijan Cup (1) - 2000–2001
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
People from Agdam
Azerbaijani footballers
Azerbaijan international footballers
Azerbaijani expatriate footballers
Association football defenders
Azerbaijani football managers
Azerbaijani expatriate football managers
Turan-Tovuz IK players
Pegah Gilan players
Expatriate footballers in Iran
Gabala FC managers
Expatriate football managers in Kazakhstan
Expatriate football managers in Iran
Sportspeople from Agdam
The 1970–71 Cupa României was the 34th edition of Romania's most prestigious football cup competition.
The title was won by Rapid București against Jiul Petroşani.
Format
The competition is an annual knockout tournament.
In the first round proper, two pots were made, first pot with Divizia A team and other teams till 16 and the second pot with the rest of teams qualified in this phase. Each tie is played as a single leg.
First round proper matches are played on the ground of the lowest ranked team, then from the second round proper the matches are played on a neutral location.
In the first round proper, if a match is drawn after 90 minutes, the game goes in extra time, and if the scored is still tight after 120 minutes, the team who played away will qualify.
In the second round proper, if a match is drawn after 90 minutes, the game goes in extra time, and if the scored is still tight after 120 minutes, then the team from the lower division will qualify. If the teams are from the same division, the younger team will qualify.
In the semi-finals, if a match is drawn after 90 minutes, the game goes in extra time, and if the scored is still tight after 120 minutes, the winner will be established at penalty kicks.
From the first edition, the teams from Divizia A entered in competition in sixteen finals, rule which remained till today.
Bracket
First round proper
|colspan=3 style="background-color:#FFCCCC;"|1 March 1972
|-
|colspan=3 style="background-color:#FFCCCC;"|5 March 1972
|-
|colspan=3 style="background-color:#FFCCCC;"|9 March 1972
|}
Second round proper
|colspan=3 style="background-color:#FFCCCC;"|15 March 1972
|}
Quarter-finals
|colspan=3 style="background-color:#FFCCCC;"|29 March 1972
|}
Semi-finals
|colspan=3 style="background-color:#FFCCCC;"|28 June 1972
|}
Notes:
Jiul Petroşani vs. Dinamo București is first match from Romanian Cup finished after penalty kicks.
Final
References
External links
romaniansoccer.ro
Official site
The Romanian Cup on the FRF's official site
Cupa României seasons
1971–72 in Romanian football
Romania
Washington County is a county located in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 21,187. The county seat is Sandersville. The county was established on February 25, 1784. It was named for Revolutionary War general (and afterward President of the United States) George Washington.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.9%) is water.
The western portion of Washington County, west of a north-to-south line running through Sandersville, is located in the Lower Oconee River sub-basin of the Altamaha River basin. The northeastern portion of the county, north of Riddleville, is located in the Upper Ogeechee River sub-basin of the Ogeechee River basin, while the southeastern portion, centered on Harrison, is located in the Ohoopee River sub-basin of the Altamaha River basin.
Major highways
State Route 15
State Route 24
State Route 24 Spur
State Route 57
State Route 68
State Route 88
State Route 102
State Route 231
State Route 242
State Route 272
State Route 540 (Fall Line Freeway)
Adjacent counties
Glascock County (northeast)
Jefferson County (east)
Johnson County (south)
Wilkinson County (southwest)
Baldwin County (west)
Hancock County (northwest)
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 19,988 people, 7,503 households, and 5,315 families residing in the county.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 21,187 people, 7,547 households, and 5,269 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 9,047 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 52.7% black or African American, 45.0% white, 0.5% Asian, 0.1% American Indian, 0.7% from other races, and 1.0% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.9% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 10.4% were American.
Of the 7,547 households, 35.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.8% were married couples living together, 22.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 30.2% were non-families, and 27.2% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.10. The median age was 38.9 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $31,382 and the median income for a family was $41,055. Males had a median income of $35,699 versus $24,860 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,033. About 19.0% of families and 27.6% of the population were below the poverty line, including 35.6% of those under age 18 and 18.2% of those age 65 or over.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 21,176 people, 7,435 households, and 5,382 families living in the county. The population density was 31 people per square mile (12/km2). There were 8,327 housing units at an average density of 12 per square mile (5/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 53.20% Black or African American, 45.73% White, 0.17% Native American, 0.26% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.20% from other races, and 0.43% from two or more races. 0.63% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 7,435 households, out of which 34.60% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.70% were married couples living together, 21.50% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.60% were non-families. 24.80% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.60% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.65 and the average family size was 3.17.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 26.90% under the age of 18, 8.80% from 18 to 24, 30.30% from 25 to 44, 21.40% from 45 to 64, and 12.60% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 81.50 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 75.20 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $29,910, and the median income for a family was $36,325. Males had a median income of $33,263 versus $21,388 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,565. About 18.70% of families and 22.90% of the population were below the poverty line, including 30.00% of those under age 18 and 23.20% of those age 65 or over.
Education
The county is served by the Washington County School District, which includes:
Ridge Road Elementary School
T.J. Elder Middle School
Washington County High School.
The county is also the location of one privately run school:
Brentwood School
Communities
Cities
Davisboro
Oconee
Sandersville (county seat)
Tennille
Towns
Deepstep
Harrison
Riddleville
Census-designated places
Warthen
Other unincorporated communities
Goat Town
Irwins Crossroads
Pringle
Sun Hill
In popular culture
The 1933 short story The People's Choice by Erskine Caldwell is set in Washington County, where the story's protagonist is a popular local politician elected again and again as the county's tax assessor.
The biography of one of the main characters (Grant Alexander) in the 2011 console game "X-Men: Destiny" states that they were born in Sandersville, Georgia.
Politics
Like most other majority-minority counties in the South, Washington County has primarily backed Democratic Party candidates for most of its history. Democratic margins of victory in presidential elections were far greater prior to 1964, but the county has only failed to back a Democratic presidential candidate five times in its history. However, no candidate of any party since Bill Clinton in 1996 has managed to win the county by a margin of 1,000 votes or greater.
See also
Central Savannah River Area
National Register of Historic Places listings in Washington County, Georgia
References
Further reading
Ella Mitchell, History of Washington County. Atlanta, GA: Byrd Printing Company, 1924. —Reissued 1973.
External links
Official page of Washington County
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1784 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1784
Black Belt (U.S. region)
Majority-minority counties in Georgia
Kevin R. Haslam is an American university administrator and former college football coach. He is the vice president of advancement and the executive director of the UNA Foundation at the University of North Alabama in Florence, Alabama, a position he has held since 2019. Haslam also served as the interim athletic director at North Alabama from June to August 2021.
Haslam served as the head football coach at Wayne State College in Wayne, Nebraska from 1997 to 1999 and the University of Saint Mary in Leavenworth, Kansas from 2000 to 2001. He was also the athletic director at Saint Mary during the same time period and at MacMurray College in Jacksonville, Illinois from 2005 to 2007.
Coaching career
Assistant coaching
Haslam got started in collegiate coaching as the offensive coordinator at Nebraska Wesleyan University from 1994 to 1996.
Wayne State College
Haslam's first head coaching position was at Wayne State College in Wayne, Nebraska. Haslam took over for the 1997 season and resigned after the conclusion of the 1999 season; Wayne State lost their final game, 71–30, to Northwestern Oklahoma. The Wayne State football had a record of 7–25 under his command.
University of Saint Mary
Haslam was the first head football coach for the University of Saint Mary in Leavenworth, Kansas, and he held that position for two seasons, from 2000 until he resigned 2001. The least successful football coach at the school, his record at St. Marys of 1–17 ranks him last in total wins and winning percentage. He also served as the school's athletic director during that same time period.
Eastern Arizona
Haslam resigned from Saint Mary's to become the head football coach at Eastern Arizona College in Thatcher, Arizona, a two-year college, from 2001 until the end of the 2004 season.
Athletics administration
MacMurray
Haslam took over the position of athletic director at MacMurray College after the NCAA imposed the second-ever death penalty (under new criteria) on a collegiate athletic program. MacMurray's men's tennis team was banned from outside competition for two years through the 2006–07 academic year. The team also was banned from postseason competition for the 2007–08 and 2008–09 academic years.
Arizona State
In 2007, Haslam became the Assistant Athletic Director of Annual Giving at Arizona State University where he also completes several front-office activities.
Education
Haslam earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from New Mexico Highlands University in Las Vegas, New Mexico and completed a Master of Science in education Wayne State College.
Head coaching record
College
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Arizona State Sun Devils athletic directors
MacMurray Highlanders athletic directors
Nebraska Wesleyan Prairie Wolves football coaches
North Alabama Lions athletic directors
Saint Mary Spires athletic directors
Saint Mary Spires football coaches
Wayne State Wildcats football coaches
Junior college football coaches in the United States
New Mexico Highlands University alumni
Wayne State College alumni
Henry George Hoyland (January 1895 – 29 October 1947) was a Sheffield-born portrait and figure painter. After studying in Sheffield, London and Paris, he returned to Sheffield to teach at the Sheffield School of Art from 1921 to 1929, as well exhibiting as an artist. In 1930 he moved to London with his family to continue his career as a painter.
Early life
Henry George Hoyland was born in January 1895 in Sheffield and was brought up on Infirmary Road, opposite Sheffield General Infirmary. His parents were George and Rosa Hoyland, and his father ran a hairdressing business from the family home. Hoyland was known as "Harry" to his parents and brothers Colin and Leonard, and sister Mabel. By the age of 16, Hoyland was studying to be an artist. At this time the fsmily was living on Crooksmoor Road.
Harry enlisted in January 1916 but only served 8 days before he was discharged. The reason is not known – the service record is 'Not being likely to become an efficient soldier.' 18 months later, perhaps encouraged by tales from his younger brother, Harry enlisted again this time hoping to join the Royal Flying Corps. But this was not to be. He was assessed as being 'unfit as FO in any capacity' and transferred to the 10th Battalion of the London Rifle Brigade. He was called up again on 14 August 1917. Harry was in France for about two months early in 1918 before being sent back to the UK. He was discharged as being 'no longer physically fit for war service' in October 1918. When Hoyland was called up, he was recorded as living on Western Bank, Sheffield, and was working as a laboratory assistant.
Art career
Hoyland was a member of the Royal Society of British Artists, a member of the Society of Graphic Artists, and a member of the Sheffield Society of Artists. As well as portrait and figure paintings, Hoyland also painted flowers and landscapes, and experimented with wood cuts. In October 1931, Hoyland was quoted as saying that he believed the reason why there were so many schools of art at the time, was because it reflected the uncertainty and perplexity of the present age. He felt it would be a generation before artists could reach some measure of agreement as to what constitutes a good picture, but currently in a period of transition and change.
He exhibited work at the Walker Art Gallery in Liverpool, the New English Art Club, the Royal Academy, the Royal Cambrian Academy, the Royal Scottish Academy, Royal Society of British Artists, Sheffield Society of Artists, Mappin Art Gallery in Sheffield, and the English Wood Engraving Society.
Personal life
It is unknown when exactly Hoyland studied art in London and Paris, but by 1921 Hoyland is recorded as teaching as Sheffield School of Art. In 1927, Hoyland is recorded as living on Oakbrook Road. In 1928, Hoyland married Sarah M. Mitchell-Withers in Sheffield, and they had their first daughter, Rosemary, in 1929. By 1929 Hoyland was recorded as living on Psalter Lane, Sheffield, and having his studio on Surrey Street.
Towards the end of 1930, Hoyland moved his family to London, settling on Alleyn Road, Dulwich. His studio was based in the family home, and the house is supposedly where Charles Dickens wrote some of the Pickwick Papers. While living at this house, their second daughter, Karen, was born in 1936. Hoyland died on 29 October 1947 in London.
Works
Known examples of Hoyland's work include:
The First Violins – a woodcut exhibited in November 1931 at the English Wood Engraving Society at Colnaghi's
Sir Henry Hadlow – exhibited at his Surrey Street studio in October 1930
A. M. Connell (1931) – held by Sheffield Teaching Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust https://artuk.org/discover/artworks/a-m-connell-18721945-frcs-ed-ch-m-sheff-honorary-surgeon-sheffield-infirmary-19011931-professor-of-surgery-19131930-78177
The Tub Spinner, Circus Horses and Cruft's Dog Show at the Agricultural Hall – exhibited at the Royal Society of British Artists in spring 1932
The Sea Wall – bought by Leeds Gallery February/March 1935
Pantaloon – exhibited with other paintings about the Circus in a one-man show in London, November 1938
Garden Scene, Summer (1930s) – held by the Garden Museum
Saint Thomas, 1914–1918 – held by Museums Sheffield
References
1895 births
1947 deaths
20th-century English painters
English male painters
Artists from Sheffield
20th-century English male artists
Rio Branco Atlético Clube, or Rio Branco, as they are usually called, is a Brazilian football team from Vitória in Espírito Santo, founded on June 21, 1913.
History
The club was founded in 1913 and its history is confused with the history of many other clubs created in the early years of the twentieth century.
According to Antonio Miguez, one of the founders of Rio Branco, in an interview with journalist Oscar Gomes Filho, author of the most important work ever published on a soccer club in Espírito Santo - Rio Branco Atlético Clube - Stories and Conquests (1913-1987), The story of Rio Branco begins in May 1913. From the "peeled" and "cracks" in fields of discovered areas, the boys of Sul América and the XV de Novembro (teams linked to traditional teaching institutions of the Season, State College and Normal School) already had fun with football and the two other teams were already thinking about competitions, Rui Barbosa (who had a short life) and the Victoria Foot-Ball Club, founded by rich white boys.
But the poor also liked "gusts." Among them, José Batista Pavão and Antônio Miguez, until then clerks in a hardware store. The two, in one of the many conversations about soccer, together with Edmundo Martins, also a clerk, decided to found a team. On the second Sunday of June they held a new meeting and brought several guests. The first to accept the invitation was Nestor Ferreira Lima, who despite studying at the State College, did not play in Sul América. The boys present, all between 14 and 16 years old, exchanged ideas and discussed everything from the English ball to the caps. New meeting was scheduled, this time for the founding of the club. The meeting was scheduled for June 21, 1913 and guests should bring a name suggestion to the new club.
On that day, everyone presented with their best clothes. The suggestions of names were varied, from names of personalities of the history of Brazil and commemorative dates. Also several suggestions of names of Portuguese heroes, but the most popular already gave names to clubs existing in Vitória (Saldanha of Gama and Álvares Cabral).
The alternatives became scarcer, when one of the young people, whom Antônio Miguez does not remember, suggested a tribute to the young people who idealized him, young and vigorous. The "Juventude e Vigor" was born.
The important meeting took place at Nestor Ferreira Filho's house, more precisely in a room furnished by his father, next to his accounting office. The founders have entered into the history of the club: Edmundo Martins, Antônio Miguez, Gervázio Pimentel, José Fiel, José Batista Pavão, Cláudio Daumas, Otávio Alves de Araújo, Hermenegildo Conde, Adriano Macedo, Antônio Gonçalves de Souza and Nestor Ferreira Filho, who would be its first president.
Shortly after its founding, some of its founders, invited by young people from 14 to 16 years old, did not feel well with the denomination, since they were not teenagers anymore and they remembered that the other founders also would not be them. During this period, Juventude e Vigor also 'matured', with the support of Rui Barbosa's players. The decision, at a meeting held on February 10, 1914, was swift and affirmed with reference to the events that marked the republican history of that time: to honor the Chancellor José Maria da Silva Paranhos Júnior, known as the Baron of Rio Branco. The name "Youth and Vigor" came out of the scene and the Rio Branco Football Club appeared.
On March 8, 1941, Mr. Luiz Gabeira, who had been President in 1930, was elected as President of the club. Once the legal requirements to operate for a short time like Riobranquinho were restored, administrative normality was restored and the team was victorious, as was the case Since its foundation, the alvinegros leaders held a General Assembly on March 18, 1941, to deliberate on the creation of a new association. Having as motto the phrase "All for the benefit of Rio Branco", created the Rio Branco Atlético Clube. From that moment, the club would have, in the shield, the acronym RBAC, of memorable conquests.
Current squad
Stadium
Rio Branco play their home games at Estádio Kléber Andrade. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 21,152 people.
Rivalries
The biggest rival is Desportiva Ferroviária, which both make the state's largest derby known as the Giants Classic. Another rival is Vitória Futebol Clube, with whom he has been doing the Vi-Rio classic since 1913.
Honours
Campeonato Capixaba: 37
1918, 1919, 1921, 1924, 1929, 1930, 1934, 1935, 1936, 1937, 1938, 1939, 1941, 1942, 1945, 1946, 1947, 1949, 1951, 1957, 1958, 1959, 1962, 1963, 1966, 1968, 1969, 1970, 1971, 1973, 1975, 1978, 1982, 1983, 1985, 2010, 2015
Copa Espírito Santo: 1
2016
Campeonato Capixaba Second Division: 2
2005, 2018
External links
Official Site
Association football clubs established in 1913
Football clubs in Espírito Santo
Vitória, Espírito Santo
1913 establishments in Brazil
James Purcell (25 November 1874 – 5 November 1953) was an Australian businessman of the early 20th century, mainly active in the dairy industry on the Darling Downs in Queensland.
Early life
Born in the town of Drayton, Purcell assisted his father, a farm-hand, in raising and farming dairy cattle. In 1897, he purchased land of his own near Westbrook and began dairy farming.
Public roles
Purcell was a founding member of The Downs Co-operative Dairy Company Ltd, the Queensland Butter Board, and was a member of the Queensland Dairy Products Stabilisation Board, serving as its chairman from 1930 to 1950, and also served as Vice-President of the Queensland Council of Agriculture. He also served as Chairman of the Clifton Shire Council from 1911 to 1912.
Later life
Purcell died at his home in Toowoomba on 5 November 1953 following a long illness.
References
Australian food industry businesspeople
People from the Darling Downs
1874 births
1953 deaths
Teegarden is an unincorporated community in Polk Township, Marshall County, Indiana.
History
Teegarden was platted in 1873. Teegarden has the last name of a family of settlers.
Geography
Teegarden is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Marshall County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Line 3 is a north-south line of the Shanghai Metro network. Its older rolling stock carries a bright yellow colour belt to differentiate them from Line 4 trains which share a portion of its route, while the newer stock features a yellow and purple livery, which the exact line is labelled using sticker or screens saying “Line 3” or “Line 4”. Unlike the majority of the lines in the Shanghai Metro system, Line 3 is primarily elevated, entirely above ground except for , located at the entrance to Baosteel Group Corporation. The line runs from in the north to in the southwest of the city, where it meets line 1. While line 1 goes straight through the city center, line 3 roughly follows the Inner Ring Road around the city from to (where it turns eastwards to join the route of the Shanghai–Nanjing railway). The line has about 300 drivers. Between December 26, 2000 and August 8, 2002 the line operated under the name Pearl Line; On August 8, 2002 it was renamed as Rail Transit Line 3. The line is colored yellow on system maps.
History
This line followed the route of historic railway lines Shanghai-Hangzhou Railway Inner Circle Line from Shanghai South Railway Station to Shanghai Railway Station, and Songhu Railway from Baoshan Road station to Jiangwan Town station.
December 26, 2000: Shanghai South-Jiangwan Town (trial opening)
August 2001: Shanghai South-Jiangwan Town (official opening)
January 2004: As part of the Shanghai South reconstruction scheme, Line 3 suspended service at the station, operating between Shilong Road and Jiangwan Town.
June 10, 2004: Service suspended at Shilong Road, Longcao Road and Caoxi Road for automatic signal system testing and restoration of land subsidence at these three stations. Service was restored at these stations on July 24.
October 15, 2005: Service to Shanghai South Railway Station was restored after the completion of the reconstruction scheme.
December 18, 2006: Line 3 was extended from Jiangwan Town 15 km further north to Jiangyang North Road, providing rapid transit service to neighbourhoods in Baoshan, as well as to the Baosteel Group Corporation.
In October 2006, according to a new naming scheme, East Wenshui Road station was renamed Dabaishu station. The scheme stressed naming stations after existing toponyms, sights and attractions (if any) rather than simply after neighbouring vertical streets, making it easier for visitors to find these places. In this particular case, the renaming aimed also to eliminate possible confusion between Wenshui East Road and Wenshui Road, a newer station of line 1. However, in a more recent case, the same type of confusion occurred at West Yingao Road station of line 3 and East Yingao Road station of line 10.
Stations
Service routes
</onlyinclude>
Important stations
The northern terminus.
Baoshan Town is located near this station.
Baoyang Road Ferry Terminal is located nearby.
This station is located at Wusong Town, with a memorial for the Songhu Railway, which was constructed in the 1890s along the route of China's first railway, the Woosung Road
The Jiangwan Town offices are nearby this station.
Located near the residence of Shanghai Shenhua Football Club.
Interchange with line 4. A Virtual interchange with line 1 is also present.
Interchange with lines 2 and 4.
Interchange with lines 4 and 9.
Interchange with lines 1 and 15.
Future expansion
The construction of the second phase of the Tonghu high speed railway will include a new railway station, the Shanghai North railway station.
This might relocate the northern terminus a bit south.
Headways
Because it shares tracks with line 4, line 3 operates on a comparatively looser schedule, with an average interval of around 7 minutes (5 minutes in the peak hours). However, riders can expect a 2-minute train interval at any one of the shared-line stations during rush hour. To avoid confusion, line 3 trains have the number 3 painted on the sides of trains, and line 4 trains the number 4. During trail operation, headways were 30 minutes, reduced to 15 minutes in September 2001. The line was extremely popular with 15,000 passengers on the first day and 30,000 after three day.
Not all trains serve the whole line. Because Baoshan District is largely suburban, some trains stop service at Changjiang South Road, while others continue to Jiangyang North Road, the northernmost station. Therefore, service between Changjiang South Road and Jiangyang North Road operates on a 10-to-12-minute basis, compared to the rest of the line which operates on a 5-to-7-minute basis. An LED screen in front of a train will indicate its terminal station, in addition to the station broadcast and the arrival board.
Because line 3 is elevated, transferring to other underground stations typically takes more walking. In-system transfer has been introduced to all interchange stations except Shanghai Railway Station (where lines 3 and 4 meets line 1). Virtual interchange is offered at both stations for Public Transportation cardholders.
Technology
Signaling
Lines 3 and 4 has been operating over capacity due to large passenger flows for a number of years. With the continuous extensions of operating time, the problems of aging equipment and increasing passenger demand will further increase the operating pressure of the two lines. In June 2021 it was announced that Shanghai Metro has started to update of the signal system of lines 3 and 4 and finish before December 31, 2024.
These are the last lines in the system that are equipped with fixed block Alstom URBALISTM 200 system, not equipped with CBTC systems capable of headways as low as 90 seconds. CASCO successfully won the bid for the renewal and transformation of the signaling for lines 3 and 4 using its self-developed Qiji TACS system.
Rolling Stock
References
Shanghai Metro lines
Railway lines opened in 2000
2000 establishments in China
Simone Sanna (born 16 March 1978 in Florence) is an Italian Grand Prix motorcycle road racer. His best year was in 2000 when he won two Grand Prix races and finished the season ranked sixth in the 125cc world championship. In 2006 and 2007, Sanna raced in the Supersport World Championship.
References
1978 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Florence
Italian motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
Supersport World Championship riders
Pádraig O'Driscoll is a Dublin senior hurler at Lucan Sarsfields. O'Driscoll made substitute appearances with Dublin in the 2006 championship against Clare and Limerick although he made his first start against Wexford on 7 June 2007. While Pádraig "Tubridy" O'Driscoll is often mistaken for the famous RTÉ presenter he is actually no relation.
Originally from Carigaline in County Cork, he learnt his trade from the master Justin McCarthy and spent many's the day in Roches Point playing hurling in the alley with his hero. He captained Carrigaline to the Cork Intermediate Football Championship final, before moving to Lucan to live with his best friend Quenton. He Captained Lucan Sarsfields to the semi final of the Dublin Senior Hurling Championship in 2009.
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Dublin inter-county hurlers
Sportspeople from Cork (city)
Lucan Sarsfields hurlers
The yellow-spotted monitor (Varanus panoptes), also known as the Argus monitor, is a monitor lizard found in northern and western regions of Australia and southern New Guinea.
Taxonomy
The first description of the species was provided in a revision of the varanids of Western Australia, where the family is represented by diverse taxa in a wide variety of habitats. Early collections and descriptions of the region's species have historically been uncertain, leading the ICZN to issue an opinion that related to this taxon.
A third subspecies was published in 1988, based on specimens from southern New Guinea. The describing author discovered that the specimen selected as the type of Varanus gouldii was in fact assignable to this species, recently described by reptile specialist Glenn Storr. By issuing an opinion on the various taxonomic considerations, the voting members conserved the name published with John Edward Gray's description and stabilised the nomenclature of this species name.
Three subspecies are recognised by the Australian Faunal Directory and the Reptile Database:
Varanus panoptes rubidus Storr, 1980. The holotype of this subspecies was obtained near Cue, Western Australia, at the midwest of the continent, and the population is endemic to the north and west of that state. (rubidus referring to its reddish coloration)
Varanus panoptes panoptes, Storr, 1980. The nominate subspecies occurring across the north of mainland Australia, Arnhem Land, the Kimberley and Cape York Peninsula.
Varanus panoptes horni, Böhme, 1988. A population that discovered in southern New Guinea that was recognised as having a close affinity to the description of this species. It is also known as Horn's monitor.
The epithet panoptes was inspired by a mythological figure with one hundred eyes, the protector of Princess Io named Argus Panoptes. The species may be referred to as the floodplains goanna in the northern regions of Australia.
Description
A ground-dwelling species of Varanus, it somewhat resembles the widespread sand goanna (Varanus gouldii). Large, dark spots appear in rows along its back, becoming especially distinct at the center of the back where they are interspersed with smaller and paler spots. Bands of color occur toward the tip of the tail. The overall coloration is brownish in the nominate subspecies, V. panoptes panoptes, and reddish in V. panoptes rubidus.
The yellow-spotted monitor displays great sexual dimorphism, with the female reaching an average total length of three feet (90 cm), while the male reaches an average of . The largest specimens can have a length in and a mass in . It's the third largest lizard in Australia, after perentie and lace monitor. The larger subspecies is V. panoptes panoptes and the smaller one is V. panoptes horni. It is a reasonably lean monitor and does not put on the bulk that other monitors in Africa and Asia do. Most Varanus panoptes are yellow in color, with a background of brown or dark tan, but their color often varies on an individual basis or on their place of origin.
Breeding
In Arnhem Land, they lay 6 to 13 eggs between January and February. Due to similar genetic structures, the yellow-spotted monitor is able to naturally hybridise with the Gould's monitor with a stable hybrid zone.
Behavior
Varanus panoptes is a versatile predator and inhabits a large variety of biomes and habitats. They are primarily terrestrial, meaning they spend a great deal of time on the ground. This species is an avid digger and will dig large burrows or take over an already existing burrow, where they spend a sizable portion of their time. Despite this, they will eagerly forage in trees and in the water. These large lizards are quite fast and will run up to 100 meters away to the nearest tree or burrow when they are chased. Varanus panoptes is riparian in habits and as such, it can usually be found around a permanent source of water. Varanus panoptes will often "tripod" in captivity and in the wild, raising up on their hind legs and supporting themselves with their tail. This unusual behavior is used to spot potential prey or enemies from a distance or when they are threatened. They exhibit this behavior regularly in captivity. This habit provides them a unique characteristic that separates them from most other monitors.
Its prey consists of almost anything that it can overpower. This includes fish, crabs, small birds, rodents, insects and even other monitors. They hunt for prey by keying in on movement, chasing it down and overpowering it. In captivity, this monitor has been observed swinging rodent prey around rapidly by the tail in what appears to be an attempt to stun the animal, before biting at the prey's neck. Varanus panoptes frequently preys on the dwarf monitors that it shares its range with. Spiny-tailed goannas and Kimberley rock monitors are eaten regularly. Varanus panoptes have great senses, with smell being the most acute. Like all monitors, Varanus panoptes has a forked tongue and a vomeronasal organ in the roof of its mouth. It uses this organ in the same manner as snakes and other varanids do and can often be seen flicking their tongues in search of a meal.
Recent studies suggest that the infestation of cane toads, a novel and toxic species, has severely damaged the population structure of Varanus panoptes within the Top End. It is estimated that numbers have dropped by as much as 90% in many areas.
In captivity
Many individuals of this species are captive bred as a conservation effort against poisoning from the cane toad infestation of the species' native range and as exotic pets. Varanus panoptes are fed insects, fish and mice. V. panoptes are husky lizards that can be a challenge to physically handle. They do not like to be restrained, and can use their sharp claws in their attempts to squirm free. If left to wander freely on open ground, their ability to suddenly flee makes escape likely. V. panoptes prefer to bask each morning and return to bask as needed to maintain optimal body temperatures at . Night-time temperatures may drop or more if the opportunity to warm up the next day exists.
References
Other sources
Akeret, B. 2006. Bau einer Großterrarienanlage für Warane und Hornvipern. Draco 7 (26): 38-
Anonymous 2000. Hydrosaurus gouldii Gray, 1838 (currently Varanus gouldii) and Varanus panoptes Storr, 1980 (Reptilia, Squamata): specific names conserved by the designation of a neotype for H. gouldii. Bull. Zool. Nomenclature 57 (1): 63-65
Bennet, D.F. 2003. Australische Warane. Reptilia (Münster) 8 (5): 18-25
Bennet, D.F. 2003. Der Varanus-gouldii-Komplex. Reptilia (Münster) 8 (5): 26-28
Bennet, D.F. 2003. Australian Monitors. Reptilia (GB) (30): 12-19
Bennet, D.F. 2003. The Varanus gouldii group. Reptilia (GB) (30): 27-29
Böhme, W. 1988. Der Arguswaran (Varanus panoptes, Storr 1980) auf Neuguinea: Varanus panoptes horni spp. n. Salamandra 24 (2/3): 87-101.
Böhme,W. 2003. Checklist of the living monitor lizards of the world (family Varanidae). Zool. Verhand., Leiden 341: 6-43
Böhme,W. & T. ZIEGLER 1998. Comments on the proposed conservation of the names Hydrosaurus gouldii Gray, 1838 and Varanus panoptes STORR, 1980 (Reptilia, Squamata) by the designation of a neotype for Hydrosaurus gouldii (Case 3042; see BZN 54: 95-99, 249-250; 55: 106-111). Bull. Zool. Nomenclature 55 (3): 173-174.
Cogger, H.G. (2000). Reptiles and Amphibians of Australia, 6th ed. Ralph Curtis Publishing, Sanibel Island, 808 pp.
Lenk, P.; Eidenmueller, B.; Staudter, H.; Wicker, R.; Wink, M. 2005. A parthenogenetic Varanus. Amphibia-Reptilia 26 (4): 507-514
Packard, Gary C. and THOMAS J. BOARDMAN 2009. Bias in interspecic allometry: examples from morphological scaling in varanid lizards. Biological Journal of the Linnean Society, (2009), 96, 296–305.
Schardt, M. (2000). Aktuelle Übersicht zur Nomenklatur der australischen "Gouldswarane" sowie Angaben zur Haltung und Nachzucht von Varanus panoptes panoptes Storr, (1980). Herpetofauna 22 (129): 22-32
Sprackland R G.; Smith H M. & Strimple P D. 1997. Hydrosaurus gouldii Gray, 1838 (currently Varanus gouldii) and Varanus panoptes Storr, 1980 (Reptilia, Squamata): Proposed conservation of the specific names by the designation of a neotype for H. gouldii. Bulletin of Zoological Nomenclature 54 (2): 95-99.
Varanus
Monitor lizards of New Guinea
Monitor lizards of Australia
Reptiles of the Northern Territory
Reptiles of Queensland
Reptiles of Western Australia
Reptiles of Papua New Guinea
Reptiles of Western New Guinea
Reptiles described in 1980
Taxa named by Glen Milton Storr
The Maggie de la Riva Story (God... Why Me?) is a 1994 Filipino drama thriller film written and directed by Carlo J. Caparas. The film stars Dawn Zulueta in the title role, along with Miguel Rodriguez, John Regala, Michael de Mesa, and Ricky Davao in supporting roles.
Released theatrically on July 13, 1994, by Viva Films, it became a box office success, grossing over P100 million against a production budget of P100,000. The film, which received positive reviews, dramatizes the case of actress Maggie de la Riva's ordeal in 1967.
Plot
A young Maggie de la Riva finishes filming a new scene for a movie. While she and her family celebrate her big breaks in the film industry, several sex crimes involving wealthy socialites, actresses, and TV and radio hosts take place within the Metro Manila region, then part of Rizal Province. The crimes, committed by young men from wealthy and influential families, are done by taking the victims to a small hotel where they are sexually abused and raped by the perpetrators. Later, Maggie falls in love with her best friend, Albert, and the two hang out on several occasions.
With the sex crime rates increasing, Maggie's family and friends, as well as the movie industry become concerned following rumors. Albert calls Maggie one night and informs her of his conversation with the production team about another rape victim, a socialite and actress. The next day, Maggie and the production team discuss filming another scene due to the absence of a cast member. During a break, a fellow cast member and Maggie theorize that little of the crimes' details are known possibly due to the shame the rape victims suffer while the perpetrators are influential. While driving home that evening, Maggie and her maid Mameng stop for refueling while a Pontiac carrying a quartet of influential men coming home from a long night of drinking followed them at the distance. After refueling, Maggie drives but the Pontiac follows them again, making swerving and dangerous moves. As both cars stop at the de la Riva household, Mameng tries to alert the inhabitants only for the four men to get out of their car and abduct Maggie while Mameng and their mother Pilar watch in horror.
The quartet, consisting of Jaime Jose, Edgardo Aquino, Basilio Pineda, and Rogelio Canal, intimidate Maggie and drive her to a motel where they silence the staff and take her to a suite. They then intimidate and abuse Maggie further, including physically beating her when she refuses to comply. The quartet undress her until she breaks down and all four men leave the room. Taking turns, Jose, Aquino, Pineda, and Canal rape Maggie and revive her with cold water as well as torture her when she goes into a state of shock. Meanwhile, Pilar calls her son-in-law and Medy's husband Ben Suba, to call in journalists and authorities and inform them of Maggie's abduction.
Back at the motel, the four perpetrators redress Maggie and threaten her with death if she breaks her silence. A taxicab takes her to her home where she is greeted by authorities and the press and comforted by Albert. In the next days, her family convinces her to file a case against the perpetrators, which she willingly does. A manhunt operation was set to find the four suspects wherein Jose becomes the first to fall into the authorities. While Pineda and Canal are arrested in Batangas, Aquino surrenders days later.
Lawyer Estanislao Fernandez offers his services to Maggie after the latter meets Imelda Marcos. Maggie then moves to a heavily guarded police safehouse in Camp Crame wherein failed attempts and threats against her continue. The trial then takes place in Quezon City wherein Maggie, the witnesses, and the suspects give their testimonies. The court, presided by Lourdes Paredes San Diego, finds the suspects' testimonies contemptuous. Attempts to have the four perpetrators sentenced to death by electric chair become difficult due to monetary bribes and other influences.
The court ultimately reaches a guilty verdict and sentences the four to death by electric chair. As more evidence on the sex crimes surface after the Supreme Court upholds the verdict of the lower court, Canal dies of a drug overdose in New Bilibid Prison. The surviving accused submit their appeals but are then denied. The plan to carry out the death sentence becomes more difficult when executives of the justice department decide that only two will be executed. Ben Suba meets with Vicente Abad Santos, who asks him to find more hard evidence, which he eventually does. After Abad Santos receives the said evidence, which are photos of the perpetrators committing their crimes on the wealthy female victims, he calls Ferdinand Marcos in Malacanang to ask him for approval to carry out the execution.
On the day of the execution, as Maggie visits a church to pray, Jose's mother, Dolores, visits Malacanang and asks Imelda Marcos to help spare her son from death row and instead place him under life imprisonment, adding that he was only inadvertently involved in the crime. Imelda however, denies this appeal despite showing mercy to Dolores. While Aquino showed remorse as he walks to the death chamber and has his head shaved, Jose and Pineda are forcibly dragged to the chamber; Jose weeps and calls for his mother while Pineda freaks out and enters into a state of insanity. After a woman, a rape victim, is forcibly dragged from the death chamber, the three accused are brought to the electric chair and are electrocuted.
Maggie and Albert meet up at their hangout spot at a beach wherein they break up their relationship due to her ordeal. In the end, the real Maggie de la Riva comforts her daughter and tells her to be strong in times of danger.
Cast
Dawn Zulueta as Maggie dela Riva
Miguel Rodríguez as Jaime "Tisoy/Joey" José, the leader of the rape gang. The late Rodríguez was cast in the role due to his physical similarities to the real Jaime José.
John Regala as Basílio Pineda, Jr.
Ricky Davao as Eduardo Aquino
Michael de Mesa as Rogelio Cañal
Ali Sotto as First Lady Imelda Marcos
Laurice Guillen as Judge Lourdes Paredes San Diego, the presiding judge of the case who handed down the death sentence, and later becomes the first female Court of Appeals presiding justice. This was the second time Guillen portrayed a political figure after playing President Corazon Aquino in the 1988 political thriller film, A Dangerous Life.
Tonton Gutierrez as Albert
Liza Lorena as Alicia Vergel, Maggie's friend in the film industry.
Roberto Arévalo as Atty. Estanislao Fernández, Maggie's Lawyer
Lito Legaspi as Captain Tomas Karingal
Boots Anson-Roa as Pilar "Mama Pili" Torrente-dela Riva, Maggie's mother
Tony Mabesa as Appeal Lawyer
Mia Gutierrez as Mameng, Dela Riva's household maid and Personal Assistant. She was loosely based on Helen Calderón, Dela Riva's chambermaid who was with her at the time of the assault.
Anna Rivera as Medy dela Riva-Suba, Maggie's elder sister. Rivera is Dela Riva's real-life niece.
Phillip Gamboa as Ben Suba
Augusto Victa as Justice Vicente Abad Santos
Maggie dela Riva – herself. She appears in the ending, comforting her daughter, Camille.
Production
The film was shot in Manila
References
Philippine crime drama films
Crime films based on actual events
Drama films based on actual events
Films about violence against women
Films set in the Philippines
Films about capital punishment
Films directed by Carlo J. Caparas
The Jesuit University System (SUJ) is a network of private universities that belong to the Mexican Province of the Society of Jesus, Jesuits, who have universities around the world joined by such associations.
Universities
The system consists of seven universities entrusted to the Society of Jesus, which together function to fulfill the mission of the educational work of the Mexican Province of the Society of Jesus. Currently the universities that comprise it are:
Intercultural Institute of Ayuuk (ISIA), Jaltepec, Oaxaca. Founded in 2006.
Western Institute of Technology and Higher Education (ITESO), Tlaquepaque, Jalisco. This is also called Jesuit University of Guadalajara, and was founded in 1957.
Iberoamericana University, Mexico City.
Universidad Iberoamericana León. Founded in 1978.
Universidad Iberoamericana Puebla. The university also runs two prep schools, one in Tlaxcala opened in 2007 and one in Veracruz that opened in 2008.
Ibero-American University of Torreón
Ibero-American University Tijuana
References
External links
Jesuit University System (SUJ)
Jesuit universities and colleges in Mexico
Markus Werba (born 14 November 1973) is an Austrian baritone opera singer.
Biography
Born in Carinthia, Austria, Werba began his vocal training aged 16. He studied at the Conservatory of Klagenfurt and University of Music and Performing Arts, Vienna with Ralf Doering, Robert Holl and Walter Berry. He has won numerous competitions for his singing in Austria, Italy, Japan, Slovakia and the UK. He was chosen as Guglielmo in 1997 (Così fan tutte) for the inauguration of the Nuovo Piccolo Teatro in Milan by Giorgio Strehler.
After his debut in Milan he sang in all major opera houses.
Operatic repertoire
Bellini
Sir Riccardo Forth (I puritani)
Braunfels
Wiedehopf (Die Vögel)
Britten
Billy Budd (Billy Budd)
Demetrius (A Midsummer Night's Dream)
Cavalli
Mercurio (La Calisto)
Debussy
Pelléas (Pelléas et Mélisande)
Donizetti
Don Alfonso (La favorita)
Malatesta (Don Pasquale)
Belcore (L'elisir d'amore)
Lord Enrico Ashton (Lucia di Lammermoor)
Korngold
Frank-Fritz (Die tote Stadt )
Lehàr
Danilo (Die lustige Witwe)
Marschner
Hans Heiling (Hans Heiling)
Massenet
Athanaël (Thaïs)
Mozart
Papageno (The Magic Flute)
Guglielmo / Don Alfonso (Così fan tutte)
Don Giovanni (Don Giovanni)
Figaro / Il Conte (Le nozze di Figaro)
Nardo (La finta giardiniera)
Rossini
Figaro (Il barbiere di Siviglia)
Dandini (La Cenerentola)
Thomas
Hamlet (Hamlet)
Tchaikovsky
Eugene Onegin (Eugene Onegin)
Paisiello
Giorgino (Il matrimonio inaspettato)
Puccini
Marcello (La bohème)
Schubert
Froila (Alfonso und Estrella)
Schumann
Faust, Pater Seraphicus, Doctor Marianus (Szenen aus Goethes Faust)
J.Strauss
Eisenstein, Falke (Die Fledermaus)
R.Strauss
Harlequin (Ariadne auf Naxos)
Olivier (Capriccio)
Verdi
Marquis de Posa (Don Carlo)
Ford (Falstaff)
Wagner
Beckmesser (Die Meistersinger)
Wolfram (Tannhäuser)
Concert and Lieder repertoire
CONCERT
Brahms
Requiem
Bach
Solobasskantaten "ich habe genug", Kreuzstabkantate
Johannespassion
Matthäuspassion
Fauré
Requiem
Haydn
Schöpfung
Mendelssohn
Elias
Paulus
Mozart
Mass in C minor
Krönungsmesse
Mahler
Des Knaben Wunderhorn
Lieder eines fahrenden Gesellen
Orff
Carmina Burana
Schubert
Messe in C-Dur
Messe in G-Dur
LIEDER
Brahms
Schubert
Schumann
Wolf
Discography
DVDs
Heinrich Marschner, Hans Heiling (M.Werba, A.C.Antonacci, H.Lippert, G.Fontana; regia P.L.Pizzi) aprile 2004 Cagliari, Teatro Lirico. Dynamic 33467/1-2
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, La finta giardiniera (Gens,Kučerová,Reinprecht,Donose,Ainsley, Graham-Hall, Werba, Ivor Bolton) 2006 Mozarteum Orchestra Salzburg
Franz Schubert, Alfonso und Estrella (Mei, Trost, Werba) Orchestra and Chorus of Teatro Lirico di Cagliari
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, Die Zauberflote. Bernard Richter, Julia Kleiter, Mandy Fredrich, Georg Zeppenfeld, Markus Werba, Elisabeth Schwarz, Concentus Musicus Wien / Nikolaus Harnoncourt. Sony 2 DVD
Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg Actors: Michael Volle, Georg Zeppenfeld, Markus Werba, Monika Bohinec, Roberto Saccà; conductor: Daniele Gatti, Vienna Philharmonic
References
External links
Markus Werba Hilbert Artists Management (in German)
Markus Werba Operabase
blog of Markus Werba
YouTube
1973 births
Living people
Austrian operatic baritones
People from Carinthia (state)
University of Music and Performing Arts Vienna alumni
21st-century Austrian male opera singers
Stien Eelsingh (1903-1964) was a Dutch painter.
Biography
Eelsingh was born on 1 September 1903 in Zwolle. She studied with . Eelsingh was a member of De Brug, De Ploeg, and the . She was the recipient of the Koninklijke subsidie voor vrije schilderkunst (Royal grant for free painting). Her work was included in the 1939 exhibition and sale Onze Kunst van Heden (Our Art of Today) at the Rijksmuseum in Amsterdam.
Eelsingh died on 18 June 1964 in Meppel.
References
External links
images of Eelsingh's work on ArtNet
1903 births
1964 deaths
20th-century Dutch women artists
People from Zwolle
Dutch women painters
Labour Monthly was a magazine associated with the Communist Party of Great Britain. It was not technically published by the Party, and, particularly in its later period, it carried articles by left-wing trade unionists from outside the Party. It was published from June 1921 to March 1981, and from its inception until his death in 1974 it was edited by leading Party member and theoretician Rajani Palme Dutt, with only a few months absence in 1922 where he was deputised by another leading party figure, Tom Wintringham.
The several-page editorial, entitled Notes of the Month, represented official CPGB policy. The intention was to try to keep open a potential channel of communication to Party members in the event of the CPGB being banned at any point.
Editors
1921: R. Palme Dutt
1922: Tom Wintringham (acting)
1922: R. Palme Dutt
1975: Andrew Rothstein (acting)
1976: Pat Sloan
1979: Harry Smith
1981: Andrew Rothstein
Authors published
Alexander Bogdanov
"Proletarian Poetry" (1918), Labour Monthly, Vol. IV, No. 5-6, May–June 1923
"The Criticism of Proletarian Art" (from Kritika proletarskogo iskusstva, 1918) Labour Monthly, Vol. V, No. 6, December 1923
"Religion, Art and Marxism", Labour Monthly, Vol. VI, No. 8, August 1924
V. Gordon Childe, "When Labour Ruled Australia", Labour Monthly, Vol III, No. 3, September 1922
Leonid Krasin
Dipak Nandy
Sanzō Nosaka
"The Labour Struggle in Japan", part 1, Labour Monthly Vol. 1 August 1921 No. 2
"The Labour Struggle in Japan", part 2, Labour Monthly Vol. 1 September 1921 No. 3
References
External links
Labour Monthly Archive at Marxists Internet Archive
Labour Monthly, Vol. 2, January-June 1922.
Monthly magazines published in the United Kingdom
Communist magazines
Communist Party of Great Britain
Defunct political magazines published in the United Kingdom
Magazines established in 1921
Magazines disestablished in 1981
The Maldivian records in swimming are the fastest ever performances of swimmers from the Maldives, which are recognised and ratified by the Swimming Association of the Maldives.
All records were set in finals unless noted otherwise.
Long Course (50 m)
Men
Women
Mixed relay
Short Course (25 m)
Men
Women
Mixed relay
References
External links
Swimming Association of the Maldives web site
Maldives
Records
Swimming
Cheonho-dong is a dong, neighbourhood of Gangdong-gu in Seoul, South Korea.
History
Cheonho means "A Thousand of Houses", because its geographical location was believed to be an ideal place to live based on the Feng shui theory. In addition, there is a historical site of Pungnaptoseong, which is a flat earthen wall built at the edge of the Han River in the Baekje Era. Cheonho-dong is the only place where a huge department store such as Hyundai Department Store is located in the area of Gangdong-gu. Cheonho station is a transfer point between Seoul Subway Line 5 and Line 8. Cheonho-dong is a 60-minute Limousine bus ride away from Incheon International Airport.
Red-light district
Although prostitution is illegal in Korea, there is a long-established red-light district in Cheonho, known as "Texas Village". Since the introduction of the law banning prostitution in 2004 the number of brothels has declined, however in late 2018 there were still dozens of brothels in the area.
Area Information
Current Zip Code of Cheonho-dong is 134-020. 134 is for Gangdong-gu and 020 is for Cheonho-dong.
See also
Administrative divisions of Seoul
Administrative divisions of South Korea
References
External links
Gangdong-gu official website
Gangdong-gu map at the Gangdong-gu official website
The Cheonho 1 dong Resident office
Neighbourhoods of Gangdong District
Red-light districts in South Korea
The 1967 Morgan State Bears football team was an American football team that represented Morgan State College in the Central Intercollegiate Athletic Association (CIAA) during the 1967 NCAA College Division football season. In their eighth season under head coach Earl Banks, the Bears compiled a perfect 8–0 record, won the CIAA championship, and outscored all opponents by a total of 285 to 78.
The Bears were recognized by the New Pittsburgh Courier as the 1967 black college national co-champion. They were also ranked No. 9 in the final Associated Press 1967 College Division rankings.
Schedule
References
Morgan State
Morgan State Bears football seasons
Black college football national champions
College football undefeated seasons
Morgan State Bears football
Group 5 of the 2017 UEFA European Under-21 Championship qualifying competition consisted of six teams: Denmark, Romania, Armenia, Wales, Bulgaria, and Luxembourg. The composition of the nine groups in the qualifying group stage was decided by the draw held on 5 February 2015.
The group was played in home-and-away round-robin format. The group winners qualified directly for the final tournament, while the runners-up advanced to the play-offs if they were one of the four best runners-up among all nine groups (not counting results against the sixth-placed team).
Standings
Matches
Times are CEST (UTC+2) for dates between 29 March and 24 October 2015 and between 27 March and 29 October 2016, for other dates times are CET (UTC+1).
Goalscorers
8 goals
Marcus Ingvartsen
3 goals
Gor Malakyan
Pione Sisto
Adrian Păun
George Pușcaș
Wes Burns
Tommy O'Sullivan
2 goals
Artem Simonyan
Nikola Kolev
Georgi Minchev
Frederik Børsting
Andrew Hjulsager
Casper Nielsen
Alexandru Ioniță
Jake Charles
Ellis Harrison
Harry Wilson
1 goal
Aram Shakhnazaryan
Kiril Despodov
Aleksandar Georgiev
Kristiyan Malinov
Yuliyan Nenov
Toni Tasev
Borislav Tsonev
Antonio Vutov
Lucas Andersen
Patrick Banggaard
Kasper Dolberg
Viktor Fischer
Emiliano Hansen
Kenneth Zohore
Glenn Borges
Kevin Kerger
Ricardo Pinto
Danel Sinani
Milos Todorovic
Claudiu Bumba
Robert Hodorogea
George Miron
Ionuț Nedelcearu
Ovidiu Popescu
Florin Tănase
Bogdan Țîru
Josh Yorwerth
1 own goal
Aram Shakhnazaryan (against Wales)
Enes Mahmutović (against Denmark)
References
External links
Standings and fixtures at UEFA.com
Group 5
The Bulgarian White is a breed of domestic pig from Bulgaria. It was originally created through a grading up breeding process that involved breeding Large Whites and Edelschwein lines with native Bulgarian pigs in the early twentieth century.
History
In the early 1960s, the Bulgarian government wanted to improve the meat yield of the country's Bulgarian White stock. They did so by importing "3,000 pedigree breeding stock of the Landras and Large White varieties...from the USSR, Sweden, and Poland." These important pigs were given out to the pig farmers in the country, along with 10 state farms, in order to crossbreed them with local Bulgarian White stock.
References
Further reading
Pig breeds originating in Bulgaria
Mary Thorne was one of the first women to have a leadership role in the Methodist movement in the United States.
Mary Thorne may also refer to:
Mary Thorne, character in The Amazing Transplant
Mary Thorne, character in Doctor Thorne
Dorvalino Alves Maciel (born 1 June 1977), known as Lino, is a Brazilian former footballer who played as a left back.
Club career
Early years / Portugal
Born in São Paulo, Lino represented several clubs in his country's Série A. In 2003 he scored five goals for Esporte Clube Bahia, but his team ranked dead last.
In 2006, Lino moved to Portugal, signing for Académica de Coimbra. He only missed one game in his first and only season, but the side only narrowly avoided relegation. He subsequently joined fellow league club FC Porto, appearing rarely during his spell but scoring in a 3–1 home win against Fenerbahçe S.K. for the campaign's UEFA Champions League.
PAOK
In the 2009 January transfer window, Lino signed for PAOK FC in the Superleague Greece. He was selected team MVP in 2013–14, surpassing Stefanos Athanasiadis and Miroslav Stoch.
PAOK signed him from Porto at age 32. From January 2009 to July 2014 he was first-team regular and left his mark on the club, earning his place as one of the best foreign players to wear a PAOK shirt. He played 220 times, scoring 16 goals, while also contributing 41 assists – making his performances a benchmark for those who followed him.
Career statistics
Club
Honours
Porto
Primeira Liga: 2007–08, 2008–09
Taça de Portugal: 2008–09
PAOK
Super League Greece: Runner-up 2012–13, 2013–14
Greek Football Cup: Runner-up 2013–14
Individual
PAOK MVP of the Season: 2012-13, 2013–14
Super League Greece Team of the Year: 2011–12
References
External links
1977 births
Living people
Footballers from São Paulo
Brazilian footballers
Association football defenders
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Associação Desportiva São Caetano players
Iraty Sport Club players
São Paulo FC players
Figueirense FC players
Esporte Clube Bahia players
Fluminense FC players
Marília Atlético Clube players
Esporte Clube Juventude players
Londrina Esporte Clube players
Primeira Liga players
Associação Académica de Coimbra – O.A.F. players
FC Porto players
Super League Greece players
PAOK FC players
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Greece
PAOK FC non-playing staff
Studentersamfunnet i Bergen, (eng. Bergen Student Society), is the oldest public student organisation in Bergen, Norway. It was founded in 1934, 12 years before the University of Bergen, by students and academics from Bergen Museum founded in 1825 and seat of higher education and research in Western Norway. The Student Society is the largest independent arena for political, academic and cultural debates in Western Norway. Most of the meetings are held at Det Akademiske Kvarter, the student house in Bergen.
The organisation arranges debates, lectures and meetings on many different political, cultural and scientific subjects. It has hosted prominent people such as Shirin Ebadi, Norman Finkelstein, Desmond Tutu and Fredrik Barth. The program is planned and booked by volunteer students from the various educational institutions in Bergen.
The protector of Studentersamfunnet is a european hedgehog, called Hans Majestet Pinnsvinet (Erinaceus europeus minor, Rex et Inspirator). Hans Majestet Pinnsvinet is also the head of an academic order of honour, named Pinnsvinordenen (Order of the Hedgehog) awarded to selected former members of the Student Society for their commitment and work for the organization.
External links
Official website (Norwegian)
Official website (English)
Literature
Paal Nupen og Gaute Losnegård (1999) Ordet er fritt! Studentersamfunnet i Bergen 1934-1999. Eget Forlag, Bergen
Rådet i Studentersamfunnet (2011) "Hvitebok for Studentersamfunnet i Bergen"
Eirik Løkke (red.) (2009) "Studentersamfunnet 75 år"
Styret i Studentersamfunnet (2009) "Jubileumsprogram: Studentersamfunnet 1934-2009"
Student societies in Norway
Education in Bergen
Student organizations established in 1934
Terenura is a genus of insectivorous passerine birds in the antbird family, Thamnophilidae.
The genus was erected by the German ornithologists Jean Cabanis and Ferdinand Heine in 1860 with the streak-capped antwren as the type species. The name of the genus comes from the Ancient Greek words terēn for "soft" and oura for "tail".
The genus contains two species:
Streak-capped antwren (Terenura maculata)
Orange-bellied antwren (Terenura sicki)
The genus formerly included an additional four species but these were moved to the newly erected genus Euchrepomis based on the results of a genetic study published in 2012.
References
Bird genera
Taxa named by Jean Cabanis
Taxa named by Ferdinand Heine
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
George Douglas Sapsford (10 March 1896 – 17 October 1970) was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Higher Broughton, Salford, Lancashire. He played for Clarendon, Manchester United, Preston North End and Southport.
External links
MUFCInfo.com profile
1896 births
People from Broughton, Greater Manchester
1970 deaths
English footballers
Manchester United F.C. players
Preston North End F.C. players
Southport F.C. players
Association football forwards
Arthur Knapp Engle (born December 19, 1965) is an American former professional tennis player.
A left-handed player from Boston, Engle attended Harvard University and competed in varsity tennis. He earned ITA All-American honors for doubles in 1985 and was named the Region I Senior Player of the Year in 1988.
Engle, now an attorney, featured briefly on the professional tour after Harvard and had the best singles ranking of 287. He was a semi-finalist at the 1989 Bossonnens Challenger and made two qualifying draw appearances at Wimbledon. In his only Grand Prix main draw he reached the doubles second round of the 1989 U.S. Pro Tennis Championships.
ATP Challenger finals
Doubles: 1 (0–1)
References
External links
1965 births
Living people
American male tennis players
Harvard Crimson men's tennis players
Tennis players from Boston
Bakki Airport is an airport on the southern coast of Iceland, used mainly for short-haul flights to and from the Westman Islands.
Statistics
Passengers and movements
See also
Transport in Iceland
List of airports in Iceland
Notes
References
External links
OurAirports - Bakki
OpenStreetMap - Bakki
Airports in Iceland
Michael Nees (born 23 July 1967) is a German professional football coach and former player who last worked as manager of the Kosovo national under-21 team.
Administrative career
Kosovo
At the end of January 2017, Nees start working as technical director in Football Federation of Kosovo and came with the recommendation and funding of the German Football Association, he would deal with all the technical work of Kosovo national teams starting from national youth teams to national senior team.
Managerial career
Seychelles
On 14 February 2003, Seychelles signed with Ness after the former coach Dominique Bathenay before a year ago decided to resign.
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
Footballers from Karlsruhe
German footballers
Association footballers not categorized by position
German football managers
Seychelles national football team managers
Expatriate football managers in Seychelles
Rwanda national football team managers
Expatriate football managers in Rwanda
Footballers from Baden-Württemberg
The 1989–90 FIS Ski Jumping World Cup was the 11th World Cup season in ski jumping. It began in Thunder Bay, Canada on 3 December 1989 and finished in Planica, Yugoslavia on 25 March 1990. The individual World Cup was won by Ari-Pekka Nikkola and Nations Cup by Austria.
Map of world cup hosts
All 19 locations which have been hosting world cup events for men this season. Events in Bærum and Falun were completely canceled.
Four Hills Tournament
Swiss Tournament
Bohemia Tournament
Calendar
Men
Standings
Overall
Nations Cup
Four Hills Tournament
References
World cup
World cup
FIS Ski Jumping World Cup
Bill Bergson, Master Detective (original Swedish name: Mästerdetektiven Blomkvist) is a 1947 Swedish film about Kalle Blomkvist, directed by Rolf Husberg. It is based on the novel with the same name, written by Astrid Lindgren.
Cast
Olle Johansson as Kalle Blomkvist
Sven-Axel Carlsson as Anders Bengtsson
Ann-Marie Skoglund as Eva-Lotta Lisander
Bernt Callenbo as Sixten
Ulf Törneman-Stenhammar as Benka
Roberto Günther as Jonte
External links
1947 films
1940s Swedish-language films
Films directed by Rolf Husberg
Films based on Bill Bergson
1940s fantasy adventure films
Swedish fantasy adventure films
Swedish black-and-white films
Swedish children's films
1940s Swedish films
Paraonidae is a family of polychaetes belonging to the order Cirratulida.
Genera
Genera:
Aedicira Hartman, 1957
Aparaonis Hartman, 1965
Aricidea Webster, 1879
References
Polychaetes
Steve Reich and Musicians, sometimes credited as the Steve Reich Ensemble, is a musical ensemble founded and led by the American composer Steve Reich (born 1936). The group has premiered and performed many of Reich's works both nationally and internationally. In 1999, Reich received a Grammy Award for "Best Small Ensemble Performance (With or Without Conductor)" for the ensemble's performance of Music for 18 Musicians.
History
Early history (1966–1979)
In 1966, Steve Reich founded his own ensemble of four musicians. Original members included Steve Chambers (pianist), Arthur Murphy (pianist), Jon Gibson (reed player), and Reich himself. John Hartenberger joined shortly after as the first percussionist, and introduced Reich to Bob Becker. James (Jim) Preiss from the Manhattan School of Music joined the ensemble around that same time. The addition of trained percussionists to the ensemble was instrumental to the creation and premiere of Drumming in 1971, the first piece by Reich to employ percussion. Through Priess, Reich was introduced to more percussionists, including Glen Velez and Gary Schall. Garry Kvistad, a current member of Nexus, joined the group in 1980.
As the scope of Reich's compositions grew, so too did the size of his ensemble and the number of instruments utilized. In 1973, moving on from the "phase shifting" technique he had pioneered in previous works, Reich wrote Music for Mallet Instruments, Voices and Organ (1973), and Six Pianos (1973), which were more elaborate in compositional technique and performance. Both were premiered by Steve Reich and Musicians at the John Weber Gallery in New York City in 1973. In 1974, Reich began work on Music for 18 Musicians, which was his first attempt at writing for a larger ensemble. The group premiered this piece at The Town Hall in New York City in 1976, and made the premier recording of it on ECM Records in 1978. This piece is considered a pivotal point in Reich's career, marking a distinct shift toward harmony being brought to the forefront ahead of the rhythmically based style of his previous works.
During this period, the group usually gave private performances of pieces they were rehearsing in lofts and small galleries in New York City prior to the public premieres. The invited audiences for these small concerts often included artists like Sol LeWitt and Richard Serra, as well as other musicians and composers such as Philip Glass, Morton Feldman, and John Cage. The public premieres took place at venues around New York City, including the Town Hall (New York City), the Museum of Modern Art, Carnegie Hall, and Lincoln Center.
Recent history (1980–present)
The ensemble was featured at the Percussive Arts Society International Convention in 1982 in Dallas, featuring Reich, Bob Becker, Russell Hartenberger, and Glen Velez. They played Drumming, Parts I and III, Clapping Music, Marimba Phase, and Music for Pieces of Wood. In 1999, Reich received a Grammy Award for "Best Small Ensemble Performance (With or Without Conductor)" for the group's performance of the piece. Bob Becker, Russell Hartenberger, and Garry Kvistad all played on the award-winning recording.
After the success of Music for 18 Musicians, the group began touring nationally and internationally. They premiered many works overseas as well as in the United States. In 1993, they premiered The Cave (opera) in Vienna, conducted by Paul Hillier. The piece has now been presented on four continents. In 2006–2007, Reich's 70th birthday was honored with a series of multiple concerts held at Carnegie Hall, Lincoln Center, and the Brooklyn Academy of Music. These concerts featured not only Reich's ensemble, but the Kronos Quartet and Pat Metheny, who referred to the event as "one of [his] most memorable concerts.". Steve Reich and Musicians gave multiple performances of pieces like Music for 18 Musicians and Drumming, as well as the U.S premiere of Daniel Variations. In recent years, although more premieres are now given by ensembles that commission works by Reich, the Steve Reich Ensemble is still performing and touring internationally, with Reich himself occasionally performing alongside his ensemble.
Influence
By organizing an ensemble of his own with which to perform his works, Reich, like fellow minimalist composer Philip Glass with his group, altered the traditional route by which classical composers sought to have their music disseminated. The composer-led ensemble became a new model which was to be highly influential on the creation of groups such as Bang on a Can.
Size and instrumentation
From 1966 until Reich composed Music for 18 Musicians, the ensemble's size steadily increased from 4 to 18 players. Since then, the size of the ensemble has fluctuated depending on the works to be performed, with the aforementioned 18 musicians being approximately the upper limit. However, many works such as Piano Phase or Clapping Music use only a pair of musicians.
The ensemble's instrumentation varies according to the piece being performed. Many compositions consist primarily of tuned percussion (marimbas, vibraphones, glockenspiels) and voices, as well as bowed string instruments, bass clarinets, and electronic organs. Other ensembles feature more original instrumentation, or only the human body as in the case of pieces like Clapping Music.
Members
Steve Reich – percussion (tuned drums, marimba), piano, whistling
Pamela Wood Ambush – vocals
Rebecca Armstrong – vocals (soprano)
Marion Beckenstein – vocals (soprano)
Steve Chambers – piano – original member
Arthur Murphy – piano – original member
Jon Gibson – flute, saxophone – original member
Bob Becker – percussion (tuned drums, marimba, xylophone) – original member – member of the Nexus percussion group
Phillip Bush – piano
Jay Clayton – vocals (alto), piano
Tim Ferchen – percussion (marimba, xylophone)
Ben Harms – percussion (tuned drums, marimba)
Russell Hartenberger – percussion (tuned drums, marimba, xylophone) – original member – member of the Nexus percussion group
Garry Kvistad – percussion (glockenspiel, marimba, xylophone), piano
Shem Guibbory, Violin
Jeanne LeBlanc – cello
Richard Rood – violin
Elizabeth Lim – violin
Edmund Niemann – piano
James Preiss – percussion (tuned drums), vibraphone, piano
Joseph Rasmussen – percussion
Scott Rawls – viola
Todd Reynolds – violin – former member of Ethel
Cheryl Bensman Rowe – vocals (soprano)
Gary Schall – percussion (tuned drums)
Leslie Scott – clarinet, bass clarinet
Mort Silver – piccolo
Nurit Tilles – piano, electric organ
David Van Tieghem – percussion (glockenspiel, marimba, xylophone, tuned drums, claves), piano
Glen Velez – percussion (tuned drums)
Thad Wheeler – percussion (tuned drums, glockenspiel, marimba, maracas)
Evan Ziporyn – clarinet, bass clarinet
Discography
Steve Reich and Musicians
The Desert Music – with Brooklyn Philharmonic Orchestra and Chorus, conducted by Michael Tilson Thomas – Nonesuch Records 79101
Drumming – Nonesuch Records 79170
Drumming, Music for Mallets, Voices and Organ, Six Pianos – Deutsche Grammophon DG 427 428-2
Drumming – Deutsche Grammophon DG 474 323-2
Music for a Large Ensemble, Octet, Violin Phase – ECM New Series 78118-21168
Music for 18 Musicians – ECM New Series 78118-21129
Music for 18 Musicians – Nonesuch Records 79448
Sextet, Six Marimbas – Nonesuch Records 79138
Six Pianos, Pendulum Music, Violin Phase, Music for Pieces of Wood, Drumming Part Four – live at The Kitchen 1977 – Orange Mountain Music 0018
Tehillim – ECM New Series 21215
Variations for Winds, Strings and Keyboards – with San Francisco Symphony, conducted by Edo de Waart – Deutsche Grammophon 20/21 Series DG 471 591-2
Steve Reich Ensemble
The Cave – Nonesuch Records 79327
City Life, Nagoya Marimbas, Proverb – Nonesuch Records 79430
Three Tales'' – with Synergy Vocals, conducted by Bradley Lubman – Nonesuch Records 79662
References
External links
Portrait, Boosey & Hawkes
Steve Reich
American classical music groups
Contemporary classical music ensembles
David Howell Turner (May 10, 1885 – May 11, 1957) was a politician from Alabama. He was Secretary of State of Alabama from 1935 to 1939 and 1943 to 1944. He also served as State Auditor of Alabama from 1939 to 1943.
He was born on May 10, 1885, in Camden, AL. He attended the University of Alabama. In 1944, he resigned as Secretary of State to accept an appointment as chairman of the Board of Pardons and Paroles.
He married on December 18, 1913, and had three children. He died on May 11, 1957.
References
1885 births
1957 deaths
Alabama Democrats
William Alexander Calderhead (September 26, 1844 – December 18, 1928) was a U.S. Representative from Kansas.
Biography
Born on a farm near New Lexington in Perry County, Ohio, Calderhead received private schooling and also attended the common schools and Franklin College in New Athens, Ohio. During the Civil War, he enlisted in August 1862 as a private in Company H, 126th Regiment, Ohio Volunteer Infantry|One Hundred and Twenty-sixth Regiment, Ohio Volunteer Infantry. He was transferred to Company D, Ninth Veteran Reserves, for disability incurred in service and discharged June 27, 1865.
He moved to Harvey County, Kansas, in 1868 and engaged in agricultural pursuits near Newton. Four years later, he moved into Newton and taught school and studied law. He was admitted to the bar in 1875. He moved to Atchison, and continued to study law. He also engaged in teaching. He settled in Marysville, in 1879 and commenced the practice of law. He served as prosecuting attorney of Marshall County 1889-1891.
Calderhead was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-fourth Congress (March 4, 1895 – March 3, 1897).
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1896 to the Fifty-fifth Congress.
Calderhead was elected to the Fifty-sixth and to the five succeeding Congresses (March 4, 1899 – March 3, 1911). He served as chairman of the Committee of Expenditures in the Department of Justice (Fifty-eighth and Fifty-ninth Congresses). He was an unsuccessful candidate for renomination in 1910. He resumed the practice of law in Marysville, Kansas, until 1920, when he retired from active business pursuits and moved to Enid, Oklahoma, where he died on December 18, 1928. He was interred in Marysville Cemetery at Marysville.
Calderhead was the father of Iris Calderhead, a prominent suffragist.
References
Notes
1844 births
1928 deaths
People from New Lexington, Ohio
Union Army soldiers
People from Harvey County, Kansas
Oklahoma Republicans
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
People from Marysville, Kansas
People from Atchison, Kansas
Politicians from Enid, Oklahoma
Realm of the Jade Goddess () is a German-style board game designed by Klaus Teuber and published in 2007 by Kosmos in Germany. It was originally available in limited release, and there has been no plans to release an edition for other languages.
Realm of the Jade Goddess is the first of the Entdecker trilogy of games, which are games based on Teuber's earlier game, Entdecker, but incorporate new themes and game mechanics. It is considered the easiest of the three games in the trilogy.
Gameplay
The players take roles of explorers in a jungle, in search of artifacts from a mysterious "lost city". Gameplay takes place on a board 11 tiles wide and deep, with the central row and column fully explored; players begin the game with their explorers (represented by jeeps) in the center space of the board. Each tile consists of either jungle sections or sections of the lost city, and lines in white or brown run through the centers of each tile (white if it runs through a jungle quadrant and brown otherwise).
The game also comes with a second type of tile, the "artifact tile", which serves as the treasures to be retrieved in the game. There are both "good" and "bad" artifacts, which differ in their scoring value at the end of the game. Each artifact token also consists of a particular quarter of an artifact, which are labeled "A", "B", "C", and "D".
At the start of a player's turn, a player may move their jeep. Jeeps may freely move along white lines, and must stop their movement after moving on a brown line. With the exception of the central (starting) tile, only one jeep may occupy any tile.
If the jeep moves to a tile adjacent to unexplored terrain (that is, where no tiles are present), one tile is placed to "explore" the area. Tiles are generally randomly drawn, and must be placed so that the colors of connecting lines match between adjacent tiles. If a player draws a tile that cannot be placed, they are set aside in a player's reserve, and may be placed on subsequent explorations in lieu of drawing tiles. The player's jeep is then placed on the newly explored tile. If the player drew a tile consisting of all jungle, the player may move their jeep a second time, placing tiles if necessary.
After tiles are placed, players may place an archaeologist on any lost city section of the tile, or remove an already-placed archaeologist figure. Each player has three single archaeologist figures, and one each of archaeologist figures that count as two and three archaeologists. Placing a single archaeologist is free, but a double or triple archaeologist costs one or two gold pieces, respectively, to place. When the lost city is completed (that is, when it is entirely surrounded by jungle or by the edge of the game board), the lost city is considered completed, and players gain gold pieces and artifacts depending on the number of gold coins and artifact heads depicted on each tile making up the lost city: each player having at least one archaeologist receives gold equal to the number of gold coins in the city. The player(s) with the most archaeologists in the lost city receives artifact tiles based on the number of artifact heads in the lost city. The player(s) with the second most receives half the number of artifact tiles (rounded up), and so on until every player with archaeologists in the lost city receives artifact tiles. (The exception to this rule is when there is only one artifact symbol, in which case "runners-up" receive nothing).
Players may choose to move their jeep to the central (starting) tile, which allows the player to exchange one artifact tile in their possession with one of five artifact tiles that were exposed at the start of the game, or exchanging two artifact tiles for two randomly drawn artifact tiles for the price of one gold piece.
After a player finishes their turn, the player may take a second turn by paying one gold piece.
The game ends when all tiles are taken (that is, all tiles are either on the board or in the reserves of players) or when all artifact tiles have been claimed; in the case of the former, each player has one final turn. Each artifact tile is worth one victory point, and a completed set of artifacts ("A, "B", "C", and "D") is worth 5 extra points if the set consists of only "good" artifacts" and 3 points otherwise. The player with the most points wins, with the number of artifact tiles and the number of gold pieces used as a tiebreaker.
Board games introduced in 2007
German games
Klaus Teuber games
Kosmos (publisher) games
For Your Eyes Only is the soundtrack for the 12th James Bond film of the same name.
The theme song was written by Bill Conti (music) and Michael Leeson (lyrics), and performed by Sheena Easton. The song was later nominated for both an Academy Award and Golden Globe in 1982. Easton also made Bond film history as the first (and, to date, only) artist to perform the theme song on-screen during the opening title sequence.
Originally, the band Blondie was approached to write and perform the theme song for the film. They produced a song also called For Your Eyes Only that they turned in to the producers, however, this was rejected because the company wanted the Conti song and the band refused, and subsequently asked Easton to record an entirely new theme. Blondie eventually released their song on the 1982 album The Hunter. The track Make It Last All Night, performed by Rage and used for the scene at hitman Gonzales' Spanish poolside, is notable for lyrics more suggestive than in almost any other Bond film.
The soundtrack was composed by Bill Conti, since the series' regular composer, John Barry, was unable to work in the UK for tax reasons (he, like many high earning Britons, had become a tax exile in the 1970s). Barry had recommended Conti as a possible alternative. Conti's score is notable for its use of disco elements (which prompted Danny Biederman to write in the liner notes to the two-CD release The Best of James Bond: 30th Anniversary Limited Edition, "Conti's largely disco-styled score feels more like a celebration of the music of the moment than a score of durability"). During the main ski chase sequence (the track Runaway), Conti showed that he had versed himself in the previous Bond films' music, as his manages to evoke memories of the music from previous ski action in both On Her Majesty's Secret Service and The Spy Who Loved Me. This, Conti's only contribution to the series to date, was released as an album concurrent with the film's release and later on a bootleg compact disc in combination with John Barry's music from Octopussy. When the soundtrack was officially released on CD in the year 2000, six bonus tracks were added that further showed Conti's versatile approach to the film, aiding the production in its return to a tougher, more realistic James Bond. Not released but also heard in the film is a brief homage to John Williams' familiar theme from Jaws, when an unseen underwater horror (it is revealed to be an attacker in a JIM diving suit) approaches within the sunken ship. This was the third Bond film in a row to wittily include familiar music from a classic film. Additionally, notes from the title song to The Spy Who Loved Me, "Nobody Does It Better", can be heard as the tones of a key code for a security door early in the film.
Track listing
"For Your Eyes Only" – Sheena Easton
"A Drive in the Country"
"Take Me Home" – Flügelhorn solo: Eddie Blair
"Melina's Revenge"
"Gonzales Takes a Drive"
"St. Cyril's Monastery"
"Make It Last All Night" – Rage
"Runaway"
"Submarine"
"For Your Eyes Only (Instrumental)" – Flügelhorn solo: Derek Watkins
"Cortina"
"The P.M. Gets the Bird/ For Your Eyes Only – Reprise" – Sheena Easton
"Gunbarrel/ Flowers for Teresa/ Sinking the St. Georges"
"Unfinished Business/ Bond Meets Kristatos"
"Ski...Shoot...Jump..."
"Goodbye, Countess/ No Head for Heights/ Dining Alone"
"Recovering the ATAC"
"Sub vs. Sub"
"Run Them Down/ The Climb"
Chart positions
See also
Outline of James Bond
References
Soundtrack albums from James Bond films
Soundtrack
1981 soundtrack albums
EMI Records soundtracks
Dollar Savings Bank of New York was a bank that operated in New York City between 1890 and 2004.
History
Dollar Savings Bank of New York was formed on June 23, 1890.
In February 1983, after it was on the verge of bank failure, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the New York State Banking Department arranged for a merger of the bank with Dry Dock Savings Bank to form Dollar Dry Dock Savings Bank.
On February 21, 1992, the bank and its 21 branches were seized by the New York State Banking Department with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation named as receiver. Emigrant Savings Bank bought 20 of the branches and the Flushing branch was purchased by Apple Bank for Savings.
In 2011, the headquarters building in the Bronx was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
References
Banks based in New York City
Defunct banks of the United States
Bank buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
National Register of Historic Places in the Bronx
Banks established in 1890
New York City Designated Landmarks in the Bronx
1890 establishments in New York (state)
Defunct companies based in New York (state)
Banks disestablished in 1992
1992 disestablishments in New York (state)
American companies established in 1890
American companies disestablished in 1992
Yaver Kelenterli (; ) (1902–1979), née Yaver Ali gizi Zamanova, also spelled as Yavar Kalantarli, was an Azerbaijani Soviet khananda singer of mugham, an Azeri music genre. In 1939, she was celebrated with the title Honored Artist of the Azerbaijan SSR.
Biography
Yaver Ali gizi Zamanova was born on March 26, 1902 in Shamakhi, Baku Province, Russian Empire (present day Azerbaijan). She was married to Khodawerdi Kelenterli. Kelenterli met composer Muslim Magomayev in 1924, who inspired her career in music.
Kelenterli was a soloist of the Azerbaijan Radio from 1932 to 1937; and the Azerbaijan State Academic Opera and Ballet Theater from 1937 to 1941 and again in 1945 to 1951. Some of her notable mugham opera roles included in Leyli and Majnun by Uzeyir Hajibeyov (in the role of Leila's mother, Leila); Asli and Karam by Uzeyir Hajibeyov (as Asali); and "Shah Ismail" by Muslim Magomayev (as Arabzangi). In addition to the mughams, Kelenterli also performed Azeri folk songs.
She died on February 5, 1979 in Baku.
See also
Munavvar Kalantarli
Hagigat Rzayeva
Jahan Talyshinskaya
References
External links
Video: Yaver Kelenterli, Şur (1959)
1902 births
1979 deaths
Azerbaijani stage actresses
20th-century Azerbaijani women singers
Soviet stage actresses
Soviet women singers
People from Shamakhi
20th-century Azerbaijani women opera singers
Honored Artists of the Azerbaijan SSR
Maguindanao del Norte (, Jawi: ڤروبنشا نو ڤڠوترن ماڬينداناو; , ڤروبنسيا ا ڤڠوترن ماڬينداناو) is a province in the Philippines located in the Bangsamoro Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao in Mindanao. Its capital is the municipality of Datu Odin Sinsuat. It borders Cotabato province to the east, Lanao del Sur to the north, Maguindanao del Sur to the south-east, and Sultan Kudarat to the south.
Cotabato City is administratively independent from the province but is grouped for congressional representation.
History
The idea of creating a province in the present territory of Maguindanao del Norte dates back to 2006 when the province of Shariff Kabunsuan briefly existed for two years before being reverted as part of Maguindanao.
Present
Maguindanao del Norte was formed when Maguindanao province was split into two provinces; the other province being Maguindanao del Sur. The division occurred following a plebiscite on September 17, 2022 which ratified Republic Act 11550 wherein it proposed the partitioning of the province. Former Maguindanao Vice Governor Ainee Sinsuat is expected to become the acting governor of the newly formed Maguindanao del Norte province. However an issue arose since the determination of the first set of officials of the province presumes that the plebiscite was held prior to the 2022 national and local elections. However the plebiscite was postponed to a date after the elections. This led to the Commission on Elections to come up with a legal opinion. The position was issued on September 28, 2022, where the election body conclude that only the Department of Interior and Local Government could appoint the first officials of the province.
Geography
Maguindanao del Norte is composed of 12 municipalities and 1 legislative district.
Demographics
References
Provinces of the Philippines
Bangsamoro
States and territories established in 2022
2022 establishments in the Philippines
Pentalepis is a genus of flowering plants in the family Asteraceae which is endemic to Australia and found only in the Northern Territory and Western Australia.
The genus was first described by Ferdinand von Mueller in 1863.
Etymology
The genus name, Pentalepis, comes from the Greek for "five" (penta) and "scale" (lepis), and refers to the single whorl of five bracts that surrounds the inflorescence.
Species
There are 6 accepted species:
Pentalepis ecliptoides F.Muell.
Pentalepis grandis E.W.Cross
Pentalepis kakaduensis E.W.Cross
Pentalepis linearifolia Orchard
Pentalepis trichodesmoides F.Muell.
Pentalepis walcottii E.W.Cross
References
External links
Pentalepis occurrence data from the Australasian Virtual Herbarium
Heliantheae
Taxa named by Ferdinand von Mueller
Plants described in 1863
Asteraceae genera
Little Marlow is a village and civil parish in Buckinghamshire, England.
History
The Church of England parish church of Saint John the Baptist lies at the heart of the village, not far from the river and next to the Manor House. The original construction of the church is Norman, dating from the final years of the 12th century. Most of the building was built during the 14th and 15th centuries.
Little Marlow was once the site of a Benedictine convent dedicated to the Blessed Virgin Mary. The convent belonged to Bisham Abbey. It was seized by the Crown in the Dissolution of the Monasteries in 1547 and was eventually demolished in 1740. Today the village is in a scenic location on the River Thames, although home to a large sewage works and gravel extraction plant.
There are two public houses in the village: the Kings Head and the Queens Head.
Geography
Little Marlow is located along the north bank of the River Thames, about a mile east of Marlow. The toponym "Marlow" is derived from the Old English for "land remaining after the draining of a pool". In 1015 it was recorded as Merelafan. Little Marlow is surrounded by the Little Marlow Lakes Country Park.
Hamlets in the parish of Little Marlow include Coldmoorholme, Fern, Handy Cross, Sheepridge, and Winchbottom.
The village cottages are set around a large space, surrounded by lime trees, that is used as a cricket ground and village green where an annual fête is held.
Culture
Little Marlow appears briefly in Mary Shelley's 1826 science fiction novel The Last Man, in a sequence where the novel's protagonist recounts how the village's residents went about trying to prevent themselves from falling ill with the plague.
Mel B was a one-time resident of Little Marlow.
Since January 2021, Little Marlow has been used as a filming location for the Star Wars series Andor.
References
External links
Little Marlow Parish Council
Little Marlow Cricket Club
St John the Baptist, Little Marlow
The King's Head public house
The Queens Head public house
Villages in Buckinghamshire
Civil parishes in Buckinghamshire
Barry G. Silverman (born October 11, 1951) is a Senior United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
Education and early career
Born in The Bronx, New York, Silverman attended Phoenix's Central High School in the late 1960s. Silverman earned his Bachelor of Arts degree from Arizona State University in 1973 and his Juris Doctor from the Sandra Day O'Connor College of Law at Arizona State University in 1976. Silverman served as assistant city prosecutor for the city of Phoenix from 1976 until 1977 and was the deputy county attorney from 1977 until 1979, being assigned to the courtroom of future United States Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor, who at that time was an Arizona jurist. Silverman was a Maricopa County superior court commissioner from 1979 until 1984. Then Arizona Governor Bruce Babbitt appointed Silverman a state superior court judge in 1984. In 1995, Silverman was appointed a United States Magistrate Judge in Phoenix.
Federal judicial service
Silverman was nominated by President Bill Clinton on November 8, 1997, to a seat on the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit vacated by Judge William Canby. He was confirmed by the United States Senate on January 28, 1998, and received commission on February 4, 1998. Silverman's nomination enjoyed bipartisan support, with backing from Republican Senator Jon Kyl, a key member of the Senate Judiciary Committee. Silverman's nomination was sent by the Senate Judiciary Committee to the floor of the Senate on November 13, 1997. The full Senate confirmed Silverman in a voice vote on January 28, 1998. He received his commission on February 4, 1998. After Silverman's confirmation, he told the Jewish News of Greater Phoenix in an article that appeared on February 6, 1998 that he was "really grateful" to President Clinton, Senator John McCain, Senator Jon Kyl and Representative Ed Pastor for their help and support in securing his confirmation. "I am going to try to live up to their confidence," he told the paper. In an article in the East Valley Tribune that ran on August 31, 2007, Silverman explained the support for him by two Republican senators by noting that he must have been a "registered Democrat that Republicans would be able to stomach. It just sort of fell in my lap, really." He took senior status on October 11, 2016, his sixty-fifth birthday.
Significant rulings
Since joining the Ninth Circuit, Silverman probably has become most known for writing the dissenting opinion for the 2-1 ruling in May 2002 that overturned a Sacramento federal district court's decision barring male prisoners the constitutional right to procreate and mail their sperm from jail. As the lone dissenting member of that earlier three-judge panel, Silverman famously wrote in September 2001 that the ruling would permit prisoners "to procreate from prison via FedEx," according to a September 6, 2001 article in the Los Angeles Times.
Additionally, Silverman wrote the opinion for the 3-judge panel in Ides v. The Boeing Company, pertaining to the "whistleblower provision of the Sarbanes–Oxley Act, 18 U.S.C. § 1514A(a)(1)" ruling against the employees, that employee leaks to the media are not protected under the provisions of the law.
See also
List of Jewish American jurists
References
External links
1951 births
Arizona State University alumni
Judges of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
Living people
Lawyers from New York City
Sandra Day O'Connor College of Law alumni
Superior court judges in the United States
United States court of appeals judges appointed by Bill Clinton
United States magistrate judges
20th-century American judges
21st-century American judges
Sant'Ilario may refer to:
Sant'Ilario in Campo, a village in Tuscany, central Italy, a frazione of the comune of Campo nell'Elba, province of Livorno.
Sant'Ilario d'Enza, a municipality in the Province of Reggio Emilia in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna.
Sant'Ilario dello Ionio, a local municipality in the Province of Reggio Calabria in the Italian region Calabria
Petare is a Caracas Metro station on Line 1. It was opened on 10 November 1989 as part of the extension of Line 1 from Los Dos Caminos to Palo Verde. The station is between La California and Palo Verde.
The station is located in the city of Petare.
References
Caracas Metro stations
1989 establishments in Venezuela
Railway stations opened in 1989
Abismo de pasión (Abyss of Passion) is a Mexican telenovela produced by Angelli Nesma Medina and written by Caridad Bravo Adams for Televisa. The show follows childhood friends Elisa (Angelique Boyer), Damián (David Zepeda), and Gael (Mark Tacher)as they reunite as adults after their families were torn apart by a scandal. Blanca Guerra, Sabine Moussier, Eugenia Cauduro, and Salvador Zerboni also star.
Abismo de pasión is a remake of the 1996 telenovela Cañaveral de Pasiones and both are based on Bravo Adams' novels Una sombre entre los dos (A Shadow Between Us) and Al pie del altar (At the Foot of the Altar). The show aired on Canal de las Estrellas starting January 23, 2012 in Dos Hogares''' timeslot and aired 270 half-hour episodes were aired by the finale on September 2. That March, it began airing on Univision, replacing El Talismán on weeknights at 9pm EST. The finale was followed by a program where the cast discussed their experience working on the show.
Plot Abismo de pasión takes place in La Ermita, Yucatán, where El Grupo Anito factory is located. Rosendo, the plant's owner, is having an affair with Carmina. Later that night, he, his wife Alfonsina, and their son Damián have dinner with Rosendo's best friend Augusto, his wife Estefania, their daughter Elisa, and Carmina, Estefania's sister. Alfonsina privately tells Augusto that she believes his wife is cheating on him with her husband. When Rosendo and Carmina attempt to leave town, Estefania locks Carmina inside and gets into the car with Rosendo to reason with him. The two die in a car accident, seemingly confirming Alfonsina's theory that they were having an affair. A rift divides the families and Elisa and Damián are no longer allowed to play together. Damián is sent to study in Italy. Years later, he returns to La Ermita and reconnects with Elisa and Gael. He and Elisa begin falling in love until his fiancée Florencia arrives in town. Elisa, Damián, Florencia, Paloma, and Gael's romantic lives become entangled. Meanwhile, Carmina manipulates, lies, and murders to make sure her affair with Rosendo remains a secret. El Grupo Antio factory employee Gabino aspires to take over the firm, marry Alfonsina, and keep quiet his defrauding of El Grupo Anito.
Cast
Main Cast
Angelique Boyer as Elisa Castañón Bouvier - daughter of Augusto and Estefania
David Zepeda as Damián Arango Mondragón - son of Rosendo and Alfonsina
Mark Tacher as Gael Mondragón / Gael Arango Navarro - illegitimate son of Rosendo who was raised by Alfonsina's brother Lupe
Livia Brito as Paloma González - granddaughter of Ramona, the town healer
Blanca Guerra as Alfonsina Mondragón - Damián's mother and Rosendo's widow
Sabine Moussier as Carmina Bouvier de Castañón - Estefania's sister, Rosendo's lover, and Augusto's wife
Eugenia Cauduro as Dolores "Lolita" Martínez - Braulio's wife
René Casados as Padre Guadalupe "Lupe" Mondragón, Alfonsina's brother and Gael's guardian
Salvador Zerboni as Gabino Mendoza - El Grupo Anito employee and the series' main antagonist
Supporting
Alexis Ayala as Dr. Edmundo Tovar
Eric del Castillo as Don Lucio Elizondo
Altair Jarabo as Florencia Landucci Cantú
Vanessa Arias as Antonia "Toña" Mendoza de Chinrios
Raquel Olmedo as Doña Ramona González
Francisco Gattorno as Braulio Chinrios
Adriano Zendejas as Vicente Chinrios Mendoza
Nailea Norvind as Begoña Narvaez de Tovar
Alberto Agnesi as Enrique Tovar Narvaez
Isabella Camil as Ingrid Navarro Vda. de Jasso
Sergio Mayer as Paolo Landucci
Alejandro Camacho as Augusto Castañón
Armando Araiza as Horacio Ramírez
Esmeralda Pimentel as Kenia Jasso Navarro
Jade Fraser as Sabrina Tovar Narvaez
Special participation
César Évora as Rosendo Arango
Ludwika Paleta as Estefania Bouvier de Castañón
Alejandro Ávila as Doctor Manrique
Africa Zavala as Remedios Gonzalez
Production
Production of Abismo de pasión officially started on November 14, 2011 and took place in and around Yucatán.
Reception
Univision's November 5, 2012, finale broadcast of Abismo de pasión'' averaged 5.4 million viewers.
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Mexican telenovelas
Televisa telenovelas
2012 telenovelas
2012 Mexican television series debuts
2012 Mexican television series endings
Television shows set in Mexico City
Spanish-language telenovelas
7005 is an aluminium wrought alloy used in bicycle frames , due to its relative ease of welding it does not require expensive heat treating - it is however harder to form making manufacture more challenging. It has an Ultimate Tensile Strength of 350 MPa, a Fatigue Strength of 150 MPa and a density of 2.78 g/cm3. It does not need to be precipitation hardened, but can be cooled in air.
Specific forms of AL 7005 include
7005-O
7005-T5
7005-T53
7005-T6
Chemical composition
The alloy composition of 7005 is:
Properties
See also
http://www.matweb.com/search/DataSheet.aspx?MatGUID=34c308934f7a4be589a80ecbee94406e&ckck=1
http://www.matweb.com/search/datasheet.aspx?MatGUID=418587e416114026aae056b2695c5bde
http://www.matweb.com/search/datasheet.aspx?MatGUID=0d7139f8ea0243cfbdbc53b68a75b906
References
Aluminum alloy table
Cameraria conglomeratella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Illinois, Kentucky, Texas, California, Florida, Georgia, Maryland, New Jersey, Ohio and Virginia in the United States.
The wingspan is 7.5–9 mm.
The larvae feed on Quercus species, including Quercus bicolor, Quercus chrysolepis, Quercus obtusifolia, Quercus obtusiloba and Quercus virginiana. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a tentiform mine on the upperside of the leaf. The pupa is formed under a flat, nearly circular silken cocoon.
References
External links
mothphotographersgroup
Bug Guide
Cameraria at microleps.org
Cameraria (moth)
Moths described in 1875
Moths of North America
Lepidoptera of the United States
Leaf miners
Taxa named by Philipp Christoph Zeller
Deenethorpe is a village and civil parish in North Northamptonshire, England. It is situated north-east of Corby and near the A43 road between Corby and Stamford. Nearby villages are Deene located 1.9 miles (3.1 km) to the North-West, Bulwick 1.9 miles (3.1 km) and Upper Benefield 2.5 miles (4.2 km) South-East to Deenethorpe.
In the early 1870s, Deenethorpe was described as: "Deenethorpe parish, Northampton; 1 mile SSE of Deene village. Real property, £1, 942. Houses, 48." The population of Deenethorpe in the 1881 census was just over 200. Since then, there was a decline in the first half of the 20th century, as shown by the total population graph, where it reached a low of around 60 people. In 1960 the population increased and at the time of the 2001 census, the parish's population was 103 people and according to the 2011 census the population is currently at 133. The pre-dominant age group living in Deenethorpe is middle-age as there are 48 people aged between 45-59.
The Deenethorpe airfield is one of the sites that has been approved for a "garden village" in 2017. The plans include a village green, shops and community hall, as well as more than 1,000 homes.
History
The villages name means 'Deene's outlying farm/settlement'. 'Deene' meaning 'valley'.
RAF Deenethorpe was used as a purpose-built base to serve American heavy bombers during the Second World War. All the buildings on the site, which included administrative and accommodation blocks, were only temporary. The 401st bombardment group was based here from 3 November 1943 and 20 June 1945.
Medieval and Later
Medieval settlement remains, which were formerly part of Deenethorpe village, are located South side of the Benefield Road and on the steep side of the valley. On the site itself, in a low mound, which has been almost entirely been ploughed out, there is an abundance of medieval pottery, including Lyveden wares.
Cultivation Remains
Common fields of the parish existed in the late 16th century and at this time there were four open fields around and to the South of Deenethorpe. There are also extensive areas of old enclosures to the South-East of the parish which existed in 1633, however by the middle of the 18th century the current fields seen today had already been made.
Deenethorpe is thought to have been part of Deene due to the shape of the parish and the name suggests it stemmed as a secondary settlement of Deene.
Deenethorpe is not found in the Domesday Book.
Topography
Most of the land is made almost entirely of boulder clay with the exception of the slim bands of limestone, marls and sands along the valley of the Willow Brook.
The village lies on the South East side of the Willow Brook river and to the North West of Deenethorpe is the local church called St Peter's Church located in Deene. Deenethorpe Lane runs through the entire village with the exit to the North onto the A43. The other main road is Benefield Road cutting across the village from East to West which also exits onto the A43. The former Second World War airfield RAF Deenethorpe is situated south of the village and is currently known as Deenethorpe Airfield.
St Peter's Church
St Peter's Church, Deene is the nearest church to Deenethorpe. The 13th-century estate church belonged to the Brudenell family who bought Deene Park in 1514.
Industry
In 1881, the main occupation for males was in the agriculture industry which was mainly due to the rural location of the village and the vast amount of open land in the surroundings. For females the main occupation was through Domestic Service or Offices, as shown on the graph. There has been a change in the main jobs for the residents of Deenethorpe and from the 2011 census the main occupation is in wholesale and retail trade including repairs of motor vehicles and motorcycles with 20% of the village population. The second highest employed industry is in real estate activities with 14%.
Amenities
The main type of housing in the village are houses, cottage and bungalows. Kings Cliffe Endowed primary school serves as the main primary school for children, between the ages of 4–11 years, in Deenethorpe and is approximately 6.3 miles (via the A43) North-East of the village.
References
External links
Villages in Northamptonshire
Civil parishes in Northamptonshire
North Northamptonshire
The architectural technologist, also known as a building technologist, provides technical building design services and is trained in architectural technology, building technical design and construction.
Architectural technologists apply the science of architecture and typically concentrate on the technology of building, design technology and construction. The training of an architectural technologist concentrates on the ever-increasingly complex technical aspects in a building project, but matters of aesthetics, space, light and circulation are also involved within the technical design, leading the professional to assume decisions which are also non-technical. They can or may negotiate the construction project, and manage the process from conception through to completion, typically focusing on the technical aspects of a building project.
Most architectural technologists are employed in architectural and engineering firms, or with municipal authorities; but many provide independent professional services directly to clients, although restricted by law in some countries. Others work in product development or sales with manufacturers.
In Britain, Ireland, Sweden, Denmark, Hong-Kong (Chartered Architectural Technologist), Canada (Architectural Technologist or Registered Building Technologist), Argentina (M.M.O Maestro Mayor de Obras / Chartered Architecture & Building Science Technologist) and other nations, they have many abilities which are extremely useful in a technological sense to work alongside architects, engineers and other professionals - the training of a technologist provides skills in building and architectural technology. It is an important role in the current building climate. Architectural technologists may be directors or shareholders of an architectural firm (where permitted by the jurisdiction and legal structure). To become an Architectural Technologist, a four-year degree (or equivalent) in Architectural Technology (in Canada normally a three year diploma) is required, which can be followed by a Master's Degree, with structured professional and occupational experience.
By country
Canada
Most provinces in Canada have an association representing Architectural Technologists and Technicians.
In the province of Ontario, the Association of Architectural Technologists of Ontario (AATO) was founded in 1969. The Association holds four titles, Architectural Technologist, Registered Building Technologist, Architectural Technician and Registered Building Technician and the French equivalent of each title. The Association recognizes students and has an Internship process for members that incorporates both education and work experience for members. Our membership is involved in all aspects of the construction industry and often form part of the team of professionals on all types of projects.
Republic of Ireland
In the Republic of Ireland, the Royal Institute of the Architects of Ireland RIAI declares being the leading professional body for Architectural Technologists in Ireland. The RIAI recognises the professional Architectural Technologist as a technical designer, skilled in the application and integration of construction technologies in the building design process. RIAI Architectural Technologists are recognised as professional partners to Architects in the delivery of exemplary buildings in the Republic of Ireland and worldwide. However, the Royal Institute of the Architects of Ireland has always prevented its technician members to provide a full architectural service. Many qualified architectural technologists believe that a conflict of interest exists, that the RIAI represents architects and cannot adequately defend the interests of architectural technologists: "The RIAI acts as the Registration Body and Competent Authority for "Architects" in Ireland and only provides support services for Irish AT'".
Another representative body is the Chartered Institute of Architectural Technologists (CIAT). The technical membership of the RIAI (RIAI tech) is equivalent to the technician membership of CIAT (TCIAT). Chartered members of CIAT (MCIAT) are qualified and recognised to lead a project from inception through to completion. The RIAI and the CIAT were represented within the Building Regulations Advisory Body (BRAB) which advised the Minister for the Environment on matters relating to the Building Regulations. BRAB is no longer active. CIAT is now challenging the Building Control Regulations 2014, which are depriving its members from providing full architectural services in the Republic of Ireland. The Irish Government appears to have no valid reason to prevent CIAT members from practising in the Republic of Ireland. The restrictions imposed on members of the CIAT are viewed as anti-competitive and in breach of European Law for free movement of services. The CIAT is awaiting for an opinion from the European Commission on this issue.
South Africa
In South Africa the profession is by the South African Institute of Architectural Technologists SAIAT. Senior architectural technologists (10 years or more in practice) enjoy the same statute as architects. The South African Institute of Architects (SAIA) explains that: "Architecture can be practiced in one of four categories of registered person, namely professional architect, professional senior architectural technologist, professional technologist or professional draughtsperson. The possibility of progression from one category to the next has been provided for in the Regulations."
United Kingdom
In the United Kingdom, chartered architectural technologists enjoy the same status as architects. They deliver similar services with a different orientation. The Chartered Institute of Architectural Technologists CIAT regulates the profession. CIAT defines chartered architectural technologists as follow: Chartered Architectural Technologists provide architectural design services and solutions. They are specialists in the science of architecture, building design and construction and form the link between concept and construction. They negotiate the construction project and manage the process from conception through to completion. Chartered Architectural Technologists, MCIAT, may practise on their own account or with fellow Chartered Architectural Technologists, architects, engineers, surveyors and other professionals within the construction industry. As professionals adhering to a Code of Conduct, they are required to obtain and maintain mandatory Professional Indemnity Insurance (PII) if providing services directly to clients. They specify products with reference to the RIBA Product Selector, Architects Standard Catalogue, Barbour Index and trade literature.
See also
Architect
Architectural drawing
Architectural engineering
Architectural technology
Building engineer
Building engineering
Building services engineering
Project engineering
Construction manager
Construction engineering
Construction engineer
Drafter
Engineering technician
Engineering technologist
References
External links
CIAT's website for Chartered Architectural Technologists
British Columbia Institute of Technology
South African Institute of Architectural Technologist
Architectural Technology Ireland
Architectural Technology Ontario
Architectural and Building Technologists Association of Manitoba
Architectural design
Architecture occupations
Building engineering
Draughtsmen
Technicians
SS Musa was a refrigerated banana boat of the United Fruit Company. She was built in 1930 and still in service in 1945.
Building
Musa was built by Workman, Clark and Company of Belfast, Northern Ireland and completed in 1930. United Fruit had a sister ship, , built in the same year by Cammell Laird of Birkenhead, England.
Musa had turbo-electric transmission built by British Thomson-Houston of Rugby, Warwickshire. Her oil-fired boilers supplied steam to a turbo generator that fed current to a propulsion motor on her single propeller shaft.
Career
Musa was owned by a United Fruit subsidiary, Balboa Shipping Co, Inc, which registered her under the Panamanian flag of convenience. In the Second World War the US War Shipping Administration allocated Musa and Platano to the United States Army Transportation Corps.
On 18 February 1943 the Director of the Naval Transportation Service approved acquiring the two ships as United States Navy auxiliary ships and on 1 March the Auxiliary Vessels Board endorsed the decision. Soon the plan was changed, with an older banana boat, SS Ulua, being substituted for Musa. The Navy's acquisition of Platano was deferred and in May 1944 it was finally canceled.
By 1964 United Fruit had transferred Platano from Balboa Shipping to another subsidiary, Empressa Hondurena de Vapores, which registered her under the Honduran flag of convenience.
References
Sources
1930 ships
Ships of the United Fruit Company
Steamships of Panama
Turbo-electric steamships
Päivi Hiltunen-Toivio is a Finnish diplomat. She was Finnish Ambassador to Jakarta. She has been in charge from 15 August 2014 to 2018. She started with the Ministry for Foreign Affairs in 1979.
Hiltunen-Toivio worked before Jakarta to become Finland's ambassador in Prague, in the Czech Republic, where she started on September 1, 2010 and before that she has worked as the Consul General of Finland in Shanghai and various positions at the Finnish Embassy in Paris and at the Finnish EU Delegation in Brussels.
Hiltunen-Toivio has worked in Finland for several EU-related positions, such as Deputy Secretary of the EU Presidency Secretariat of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Head of Unit for EU Enlargement at the EU Department and Special Adviser to EU Affairs at the Prime Minister's Office. She also worked at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs' Political, Trade Policy, Legal and Protocol Department.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Ambassadors of Finland to Indonesia
Ambassadors of Finland to the Czech Republic
Finnish women ambassadors
The United States Student Association (USSA) is an American student organization. Founded in 1947, it is known as the oldest student association in the U.S.
Regions, affiliations, and caucuses
Regions:
Golden Pacific (GPIT)
Pacific Northwest (Pac Northwest)
Rocky Mountains
Great Lakes
Great Plains
Southeast
Atlantic
New England
Empire Garden
Affiliations and coalitions:
National People of Color Student Coalition
National Women's Student Coalition
National Queer Student Coalition
See also
Oregon Student Association
New Jersey Students Association
Jobs with Justice
Student/Farmworker Alliance
References
External links
USSA
Student political organizations in the United States
Student governments in the United States
Groups of students' unions
Student organizations established in 1947
1947 establishments in the United States
Education advocacy groups
Lobbying organizations based in Washington, D.C.
Student government
This is a list of public art in Worcester, Massachusetts, in the United States. This list applies only to works of public art on permanent display in an outdoor public space. For example, this does not include artworks in museums. Public art may include sculptures, statues, monuments, memorials, murals, and mosaics.
References
Worcester, Massachusetts
Worcester
Worcester
Public art
Roller skates, are shoes or bindings that fit onto shoes that are worn to enable the wearer to roll along on wheels. The first roller skate was an inline skate design, effectively an ice skate with wheels replacing the blade. Later the "quad skate" style became more popular, consisting of four wheels arranged in the same configuration as a typical car.
Roller skating is a hobby, sport, and mode of transportation using roller skates.
History
While the first reported use of wheeled skates was on a London stage in 1743, the first patented "roller skate" was introduced in 1760 by Belgian inventor John Joseph Merlin. They were hard to steer and stopping was difficult due to the fact that they did not have any type of braking mechanism and as such they failed to gain popularity. The initial "test piloting" of the first prototype of the skate was in the city of Huy, which had a party with Merlin playing the violin.
In the 1840s, Meyerbeer's opera Le prophète featured a scene in which performers used roller-skates to simulate ice-skating on a frozen lake set on stage. This exposure had an impact on audiences and lead to the rise of roller skating as a new and popular activity throughout the Continent. As ice skaters subsequently developed the art of figure skating, roller skaters wanted the ability to turn in their skates in a similar fashion.
In 1863, James Plimpton from Massachusetts invented the "rocking" skate and used a four-wheel configuration for stability, and independent axles that turned by pressing to one side of the skate or the other when the skater wants to create an edge. This was a vast improvement on the Merlin design, one that was easier to use and drove the huge popularity of roller skating, dubbed "rinkomania" in the 1860s and 1870s, which spread to Europe and around the world, and continued through the 1930s. The Plimpton skate is still used today
Eventually, roller skating evolved from just a pastime to a competitive sport; speed skating, racing on skates, and inline figure skating, very similar to what can be seen in the Olympics on ice. In the mid 1990s roller hockey, played with a ball rather than a puck, became so popular that it even made an appearance in the Olympics in 1992. The National Sporting Goods Association statistics showed, from a 1999 study, that 2.5 million people played roller hockey. Roller skating was considered for the 2012 Summer Olympics but has never become an Olympic event. Other roller skating sports include jam skating and roller derby.
Roller skating popularity exploded during the disco era but tapered off in the 1980s and 1990s. Sales of roller skates increased during the COVID-19 pandemic as people sought safe outdoor activities.
Roller skating saw a revival in the late 2010s and early 2020s, spurred on by a number of viral videos on the popular video sharing app TikTok. Many popular brands sold out to the point of back-order, with many people taking up the hobby during COVID-19 quarantines across the globe.
Organizations
The Roller Skating Rink Operators Association was developed in the U.S. in 1937. It is currently named the Roller Skating Association. The association promotes roller skating and offers classes to the public, aiming to educate the population about roller skating. Its current president is Bobby Pender and the associations headquarters are located in Indianapolis.
Gallery
Health benefits
The Roller Skating Association's web page offers some health benefits of roller skating. Some of the benefits they list include:
Providing a complete aerobic workout
Burning 330 calories per hour while skating for a 143-pound person or 600 calories while skating .
A study from the University of Massachusetts found that in-line skating causes less than 50% of the impact shock to joints compared to running.
Roller skating is equivalent to jogging in terms of health benefits
The American Heart Association recommends roller skating as an aerobic fitness sport.
See also
Ice skates
Inline skates
Rollerblade – a popular brand of inline skates
Roller shoe
Roller skating
References
External links
"How Rink Rollers Are Made", by George W. Waltz – November 1951 article in Popular Science on how roller skates are manufactured
Court Case Brought by Roller Skating Rinks About Taxes
History of Roller Skating in Canada
homepage for the USA Roller Sports
Roller Skating Museum
Belgian inventions
Sports footwear
Roller skating equipment
Land vehicles
Wheeled vehicles
1970s fads and trends
2020s fads and trends
TikTok
Euchrysops katangae is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Lualaba Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Zambia.
References
Euchrysops
Butterflies of Africa
Lepidoptera of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Lepidoptera of Zambia
Lualaba Province
A charioteer is someone who rides a chariot.
Charioteer or Charioteers may also refer to:
Charioteer (tank), a post-Second World War British tank
Operation Charioteer, a series of U.S. nuclear tests
The Charioteer, a novel by Mary Renault
The Charioteers, an American gospel and pop vocal group from 1930 to 1957
Astrology
Auriga (constellation), which is Latin for "the charioteer"
Film
Saarathi, a 2011 Indian film whose title translates as "Charioteer"
The Shield and the Sword () is a 1968 Soviet spy series in four parts directed by Vladimir Basov. It is based on a novel by Vadim Kozhevnikov, who was Secretary of the Soviet Writers' Union. It was highly influential in the Soviet Union, inspiring many, including Vladimir Putin, to join the KGB.
The song What Does Motherland Begin With (С чего начинается Родина), sung by Mark Bernes, that was main musical theme of each film in the series, became well known in the USSR.
Parts
Part 1. No Right To Be Themselves (Без права быть собой)
Part 2. The Order is: Survive (Приказано выжить)
Part 3. Without Appeal (Обжалованию не подлежит)
Part 4. The Last Frontier (Последний рубеж)
Plot
The year is 1940 and Nazi Germany is at the height of its military power, having captured most of Europe and eyeing the Soviet Union to the East. The Soviet military command suspects hostile intent from Germany and so arranges for its spies to infiltrate ranks of the German military and the SS. Alexander Belov (Lyubshin) is a Russian spy, who travels from Soviet-held Latvia to Nazi Germany under an alias of Volksdeutsche Johann Weiss. His mastery of the German language, steel nerves and an ability to manipulate others help him to use his connections in the SS to ascend the ladder of the Abwehr and then in the SD. He uses his position to identify sympathetic Germans, who help him to procure vital intelligence, and to help local resistance movements in their collective fight against Nazism.
Cast
Stanislav Lyubshin as Alexander Belov / Johann Weiss
Oleg Yankovsky as Heinrich Schwarzkopf
Georgy Martyniuk as Aleksey Zubov / Alois Hagen
Vladimir Basov as Bruno
Alla Demidova as Angelika Buecher
Juozas Budraitis as Dietrich
Aleksey Glazyrin as Steinglitz
Valentina Titova as Nina
Natalia Velichko as Elsa
Vladimir Balashov as Sonnenberg
Algimantas Masiulis as Willi Schwarzkopf
Nikolai Zasukhin as Papke
Lev Polyakov as Gerlach
Nikolay Grabbe as Deaf-mute Man
Yelena Dobronravova as Deaf-mute Woman
Vatslav Dvorzhetsky as Lansdorf
Anatoly Kubatsky as Franz
Nikolay Prokopovich as Schulz
Kristina Lazar as Brigitte
Valentin Smirnitsky as Andrey Basalyga / «Faza»
Igor Bezyayev as «Rabbit»
Vsevolod Safonov as «Nail»
Vladimir Marenkov as «Ace»
German Kachin as «Cartilage»
Igor Yasulovich as «Goga»
Radner Muratov as «Shaman»
Konstantin Tyrtov as «Tit»
Sergey Plotnikov as General Baryshev
Inga Budkevich as Inga
Uldis Dumpis as Luftwaffe Ace
Helga Göring as Frau Dietmar
Horst Preusker as Prof. Stutthoff
Wojcech Duriasz as Jerzy Czyzewski
Kurt-Mueller Reizner as Karl Kunert
Silard Banki as Janos Molnar
Vladimír Brabec as Jaromir Drobny
Vladimir Osenev as Hitler
Vyacheslav Dugin as Himmler
Mikhail Sidorkin as Göring
References
External links
1968 films
1960s spy films
Soviet spy films
World War II spy films
Films about Nazi Germany
Films directed by Vladimir Basov
Soviet World War II films
Russian World War II films
Films set in 1940
Films set in the Soviet Union
Films set in Latvia
Films about the Soviet Union in the Stalin era
This is a summary of 1912 in music in the United Kingdom.
Events
date unknown
The Birmingham Triennial Music Festival is held for the last time, and runs at a loss.
Edward German declines Sir Herbert Beerbohm Tree's proposal that he provide the music for a production based on the life of Sir Francis Drake, saying that its setting necessitate covering ground already explored in his 1902 opera Merrie England. He writes little original music after this time.
The Royal Academy of Music moves from Mayfair to purpose-built premises in Marylebone.
Popular music
Jack Judge & Harry H. Williams – "It's A Long Way To Tipperary"
Recordings
Harry Lauder – Roamin' in the Gloamin' (Victor Talking Machine Company)
Classical music
Kenneth J. Alford – Holyrood and The Vedette, marches
Granville Bantock – In the Far West, serenade for string orchestra
Arthur Bliss – F. 139, Intermezzo
Frank Bridge – Piano Quintet
George Butterworth – Bredon Hill and Other Songs
Edward Elgar – The Music Makers
John Ireland – Songs of a Wayfarer
Charles Villiers Stanford – Sonata for clarinet (or viola) and piano, Op. 129
Opera
Joseph Holbrooke – The Children of Don, Op. 56
Musical theatre
24 February – The Sunshine Girl, with music by Paul Rubens, opens at the Gaiety Theatre, London, for a run of 336 performances.
Births
27 March – Robert Hughes, composer (died 2007)
22 April – Kathleen Ferrier, contralto (died 1953)
18 June – Melville Cook, organist, conductor, composer and teacher (died 1993)
30 June – Polly Ward, singer and actress (died 1987)
22 November – Chick Henderson, singer (died 1944)
7 December – Daniel Jones, composer (died 1993)
30 December (in Canada) – Rosina Lawrence, actress, singer and dancer (died 1997)
date unknown – Tommy Potts, fiddle player and composer (died 1988)
Deaths
30 January – Florence St. John, singer and actress, 56
1 March – George Grossmith, comic singer in operetta, 64
15 April (drowned in the sinking of RMS Titanic):
Wallace Hartley, ship's bandleader and violinist, 33
John Law Hume, violinist, 21
14 August – Marion Hood, singer, 58
1 September – Samuel Coleridge-Taylor, composer, 37 (pneumonia)
1 October – Frances Allitsen, composer, 63
19 October – Richard Temple, opera singer, 66
See also
1912 in the United Kingdom
References
British Music, 1912 in
Music
British music by year
1910s in British music
13th Indiana Battery Light Artillery was an artillery battery that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War. The unit served at the Battle of Munfordville on 14–17 October 1862. The battery spent the remainder of the war on garrison duty before being mustered out in July 1865.
Service
The battery was organized at Indianapolis, Indiana, and mustered in for a three-year enlistment on February 22, 1862.
The battery served unassigned in Kentucky, Army of the Ohio, to September 1862. Artillery, 12th Division, Army of the Ohio, to November 1862. Ward's Brigade, Post of Gallatin, Tennessee, Department of the Cumberland, to June 1863. Garrison Artillery, Gallatin, Tennessee, Department of the Cumberland, to January 1865. Garrison Artillery, Chattanooga, Tennessee, Department of the Cumberland, to July 1865.
The 13th Indiana Battery Light Artillery mustered out of service on July 10, 1865.
Detailed service
Left Indiana for Louisville, Kentucky, February 23, 1862. Served as cavalry in Kentucky from February 1862 to January 1863. Skirmish at Monterey, Owen County, Kentucky, June 11. Operations against Morgan July 4–28. Paris, Kentucky, July 19. Siege of Munfordville September 14–17. Frankfort October 9. Hartsville, Tennessee, December 7. Garrison Fort Thomas, Gallatin, Tennessee, January 1863 to January 1865, and garrison duty at Chattanooga, Tennessee, until July 1865.
Casualties
The battery lost a total of 26 men during service; 7 enlisted men killed or mortally wounded, 19 enlisted men died of disease.
Armament
At the Battle of Munfordville, the 13th Indiana Battery led by Lieutenant Mason was armed with one 12-pounder Napoleon, one 3-inch Ordnance rifle, one M1841 12-pounder howitzer, and one M1841 12-pounder (heavy) field gun. The latter weapon was rarely seen on Civil War battlefields. Its weight meant that eight horses were required to pull the gun, whereas other field artillery pieces only needed six horses. Because of their great weight, most heavy 12-pounders spent the war in fixed fortifications.
Commanders
Captain Benjamin S. Nicklin
See also
List of Indiana Civil War regiments
Indiana in the Civil War
Notes
References
Attribution
Further reading
Military units and formations established in 1862
Military units and formations disestablished in 1865
Units and formations of the Union Army from Indiana
1862 establishments in Indiana
Artillery units and formations of the American Civil War
"The Hub" is the seventh episode of the first season of the American television series Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., based on the Marvel Comics organization S.H.I.E.L.D. (Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division), revolving around the character of Phil Coulson and his team of S.H.I.E.L.D. agents as they work with "Big S.H.I.E.L.D." to take out a dangerous new weapon. It is set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), sharing continuity with the films of the franchise. The episode was written by Rafe Judkins and Lauren LeFranc, and directed by Bobby Roth.
Clark Gregg reprises his role as Coulson from the film series, and is joined by series regulars Ming-Na Wen, Brett Dalton, Chloe Bennet, Iain De Caestecker, and Elizabeth Henstridge. Maximiliano Hernández guest stars as Agent Jasper Sitwell, reprising his role from the films, while Saffron Burrows is introduced as high-ranking S.H.I.E.L.D. agent Victoria Hand. The episode explores the dynamic between Coulson's team and the larger S.H.I.E.L.D. organization (referred to as "Big S.H.I.E.L.D." by the producers); "Big S.H.I.E.L.D." received its own musical theme for the episode, to separate it from the main team.
"The Hub" originally aired on ABC on November 12, 2013, and according to Nielsen Media Research, was watched by 10.13 million viewers within a week of its release. The episode received a mostly positive critical response, with the character development and the moral ambiguity of the larger S.H.I.E.L.D. organization praised.
Plot
Agents Phil Coulson, Melinda May, and Grant Ward break an undercover agent out of a hostile base in Siberia, receiving classified S.H.I.E.L.D. level 8 intel. Trainee Skye is frustrated when Coulson refuses to tell the team what the information is, based on their clearance level. At The Hub, a S.H.I.E.L.D. facility run by Agent Victoria Hand, it is revealed that a South Ossetian separatist group has built a weapon called the Overkill device, which uses sonic vibrations to trigger other weapons from great distances. Ward, a field specialist, and Agent Leo Fitz, a weapons technology specialist, are tasked with finding and disabling the device within 24 hours, before the separatists use it to declare independence from Russia and Georgia.
In the Caucasus Mountains, Ward discovers his contact from a previous mission is dead, but Fitz uses his technology and engineering knowledge to win the support of locals, who smuggle them across a disputed border. At The Hub, Skye is determined to find out the status of Fitz' and Ward's mission despite her restricted access. She discovers that there is no extraction plan for Fitz and Ward, but when she confronts Coulson, he tells her to trust the system. Coulson then confronts Hand, as he himself had not been aware of this, though she tells trusting the system. Fitz and Ward infiltrate a separatist base and find the device, and though Ward realizes that there is no extraction team, they carry on with their mission. Fitz disables the device, and they attempt to escape. The rest of the team arrives to rescue them, Coulson having disobeyed orders to save them.
Coulson reveals to Skye that he had found a document that she had been searching for regarding her history, and tells her that it contains information on a S.H.I.E.L.D. agent who dropped her at an orphanage when she was a baby. Later, May agrees to help Coulson find more information on the S.H.I.E.L.D. agent in question, who had been murdered. In an end tag, Coulson is denied access to his own death and recovery file.
Production
Development and writing
In October 2013, Marvel revealed that the seventh episode would be titled "The Hub", and would be written by Rafe Judkins and Lauren LeFranc, with Bobby Roth directing; it was the eighth episode produced in the season. The episode was originally titled "The Sandwich Incident", and was changed after series' creator Joss Whedon felt it should be called "The Hub" instead.
Executive producer Jed Whedon discussed the writer's intentions to expand their depiction of S.H.I.E.L.D. with the episode, saying, "We're trying to flesh out the world of S.H.I.E.L.D. with the established characters and the characters we're introducing to build out the larger organization that we operate in." This includes the introduction of high-ranking S.H.I.E.L.D. agent Victoria Hand, who is shown lying to Coulson in the episode. Executive producer Maurissa Tancharoen called this "a very significant thing ... for him to deal with Victoria Hand lying to him and facing the fact that the organization that he's been dedicating his life to lied to his face about the people within his team ... that's significant in his journey." LeFranc called being able to feature Hand in the episode "really exciting", and added the writers were at a point where they wanted Coulson "to start questioning things... And here is Victoria Hand who has a hard line – she sees people as numbers more than people."
"The Hub" also begins to further the relationship between Grant Ward and Leo Fitz, one that would continue to build throughout the season that "really pays off at the end of the season". Judkins and LeFranc, who have a sketch-comedy background, enjoyed creating the running gag in the episode of Jemma Simmons unable to tell a lie. LeFranc felt Fitz and Simmons needed "to have some kind of deep specific connection to show their history", which resulted in the specific sandwich Simmons makes for Fitz.
Casting
In October 2013, Marvel revealed that main cast members Clark Gregg, Ming-Na Wen, Brett Dalton, Chloe Bennet, Iain De Caestecker, and Elizabeth Henstridge would star as Phil Coulson, Melinda May, Grant Ward, Skye, Leo Fitz, and Jemma Simmons, respectively. It was also revealed that Maximiliano Hernández would reprise his role of Jasper Sitwell from the Marvel Cinematic Universe films Thor (2011) and The Avengers (2012), and the Marvel One-Shots The Consultant (2011) and Item 47 (2012), in the episode. Additionally, the episode's guest cast includes Charles Halford as Agent Shaw, Alison White as Marta, and Ilia Volok as Vladimi. Halford did not receive guest star credit in the episode. In November, Victoria Hand was also announced to be a guest character, with Saffron Burrows cast in the role.
Filming
Filming occurred from October 4 to October 15, 2013. The interior of the Pacific Design Center was used to film scenes set at the Hub, while Hand's command center and some corridors were built as sets. The Russian compound was filmed at a power station in California.
Music
To highlight the differences between Coulson's small S.H.I.E.L.D. team and the larger S.H.I.E.L.D. organization, represented in this episode by Victoria Hand and the Hub base, composer Bear McCreary introduced a theme for "Big S.H.I.E.L.D." which is meant to feel "imposing and new". For the major scenes in the episode when Skye distrusts the "system" and takes matters into her own hands, McCreary used her own personal theme in a pulsing, swirling way, juxtaposed against the same theme in "a warm variation ... filled with emotion" for when Skye and Coulson discuss her parents.
Release
Broadcast
"The Hub" was aired in the United States on ABC on November 12, 2013. It was aired alongside the US broadcast in Canada on CTV, while it was first aired in the United Kingdom on Channel 4 on November 15, 2013. It premiered on the Seven Network in Australia on November 13, 2013.
Home media
The episode, along with the rest of Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.s first season, was released on Blu-ray and DVD on September 9, 2014. Bonus features include behind-the-scenes featurettes, audio commentary, deleted scenes, and a blooper reel. On November 20, 2014, the episode became available for streaming on Netflix.
Reception
Ratings
In the United States the episode received a 2.2/6 percent share among adults between the ages of 18 and 49, meaning that it was seen by 2.2 percent of all households, and 6 percent of all of those watching television at the time of the broadcast. It was watched by 6.67 million viewers. The Canadian broadcast gained 1.47 million viewers, the fourth highest for that day and the twentieth highest for the week. The United Kingdom premiere had 2.19 million viewers and in Australia, the premiere had 1.4 million viewers, including 0.6 million timeshifted viewers. Within a week of its release, the episode was watched by 10.13 million U.S. viewers, above the season average of 8.31.
Critical response
Oliver Sava and David Sims of The A.V. Club graded the episode a 'B−'. Sava called the episode "a mixed bag", listing its new character combinations and the exploration of "the duplicitous nature of S.H.I.E.L.D." as positives, but saying that "the negatives continue to prevent the series from becoming more than middle-of-the-road action adventure television." Sims felt that the series was showing potential, but could not tell what was needed to get the series to a point where he could "recommend this show to anyone but a Marvel completest." Eric Goldman of IGN scored the episode 7.7 out of 10, praising the world building and character development of Fitz, but criticizing the way the protagonists left without consequences at the end of the episode. Marc Buxton at Den of Geek scored the episode 3 stars out 5, praising the character development and introduction of comic book characters Hand and Sitwell, but criticizing the lack of a real villain, for both the episode and the series in general.
Dave Bradley of SFX also scored the episode 3 stars out of 5, feeling the episode's plot was "fairly forgettable", but being pleased with the developments of the overarching subplots. Bob Chipman, writing for Escapist Magazine found the episode's focus on the relationships between Ward and Fitz, and Skye and Simmons, to be disappointing since "the pairings don't really pan out to be that interesting." He did enjoy the episode's focus on the lack of trust building between the central team and the larger S.H.I.E.L.D. organization, and said that the series was improving in a way that could retroactively improve the earlier episodes. Kaitlin Thomas at TV.com felt that the episode was a "good—but not necessarily great—episode that acted mainly as a humorous standalone installment intended to switch up some character pairs." She specifically praised Fitz' character development, but criticized the lack of tension, negatively comparing the stakes of the episode to those of "FZZT". Jim Steranko, known for his work on Nick Fury, Agent of S.H.I.E.L.D., criticized the lack of focus of the series, feeling at this point it was moving in "a multitude of directions that lack conceptual unity". He called the result "choppy and unsatisfying at best, downright irritating at worst."
References
External links
"The Hub" at ABC
2013 American television episodes
Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. (season 1) episodes
Marvel Cinematic Universe crossover episodes
Television episodes set in Siberia
Television episodes directed by Bobby Roth
Television episodes written by Rafe Judkins
Television episodes written by Lauren LeFranc
Kurahashi (倉橋) was a Mikura-class escort ship of Imperial Japanese Navy.
Construction and career
She was laid down on 1 June 1943 and launched on 30 October 1943 by the Nippon Kokan Tsurumi Shipyard. She was commissioned on 25 January 1944.
1944
On March 10, 1944, Kurahashi was removed from the Kure Defense Squadron. On the 10th, she was transferred to the 1st Maritime Escort Flotilla, which is in charge of defense of the southwestern sea lane under the control of the Maritime Escort General Command. At the same time, the light aircraft carrier Kaiyo was equipped with a Type 97 carrier-based attack aircraft of the 93rd Navy Air Corps and was training in Saiki, Kyushu. From the 11th to the 16th, Kurahashi will cooperate with Kaiyo's landing training. After the training, Kaiyō was transferred to the 1st Maritime Escort Flotilla on March 17th. Kaiyo and Kurahashi headed for Kure. Kurahashi stayed in Kure until the 21st. She made a round trip to Moji on the 21st. On the 23rd, she escorted the Mota-13 fleet (12 ships) with the 26th submarine chaser and left Moji. She arrived in Kaohsiung, Taiwan on the 30th, while she left the fleet to control anti-submarine warfare on the 29th.
From August 5, Hirado, Kurahashi, and Mikura will be maintained at the Sasebo Naval Arsenal. After the maintenance, each ship made a round trip to Imari, joined with the Hi-71 fleet, and departed six stations. On the 10th, the Hi-71 fleet unit (Otaka, Fujinami, Yunagi, Hirado, Kurahashi, Mikura, Shonan) commanded by General Kajioka Sadamichi, commander of the 6th escort fleet. Fleet of participating ships, Lake Irago and about 20 others) departed from Imari. After leaving the port, one ship left due to a breakdown, but entered the port at Penghu Islands Magong, a transit point, without any particular damage. In the same area, the support destroyer Asakaze and four sea defense ships of the anti-submarine flotilla (Sado, Matsuwa, Etorofu, Nisshin) will be added. On the 17th, the Hi-71 fleet departed from Magong and headed for Manila, but from the 18th to the 19th, eight US submarines such as the USS Flasher attacked and eight ships were hit by torpedoes, including Otaka. Five ships sank during the attack. Kurahashi escorted the Army charterer Nissho Maru, who had separated from the fleet, and entered Manila on the 21st. Three sea defense vessels (Sado, Matsuwa, and Nisshin), which had been separated from the Hi-71 fleet and were conducting anti-submarine sweeping, were also wiped out by the attacks from the USS Harder and USS Haddo on the 22nd, just before entering Manila.
At the same time as the arrival of the Hi-68 fleet in Manila, the Hi-69 fleet (Major General Yoshitomi, the fifth escort fleet commander, the flagship Kashii), and three light aircraft carriers to transport the aircraft to the southwest. In the same area, the Moma-fleet (the route between Monji and Manila), and Otaka, who completed the aircraft transport mission with the former Hi-69 fleet, will join the Hi-68 fleet. On the 23rd, the reorganized Hi-68 fleet unit (16 participating vessels such as Hirado, Kurahashi, Mikura, Kusagaki, and Otaka) departs Manila.
From the 25th to the 26th, while sailing to Kaohsiung, three submarines USS Angler, USS Flasher, and USS Crevalle would attack the Hi-68 fleet one after another. Four ships were sunk by torpedoes. Kurahashi rescues the Army charterer Aki Maru and wipes out the anti-submarine. After entering Kaohsiung, both the fleet and the fleet escort unit were reorganized, and Hirado, Kurahashi, Mikura, etc. continued to escort the Hi-68 fleet from Kaohsiung on the 28th. On the 30th, the Hi-68 fleet unit arrived off the coast of Rokuren. Arrived at Moji on August 3.
1945
January 6-7, the Hi-87 fleet unit temporarily stays outside the port of Keelung, Taiwan. At 11:25 am on the 7th, the Army dividend ship Sozo Maru was damaged by a torpedo attack from USS Picuda. The Hi-87 convoy unit precedes Kaohsiung, Taiwan, and the commander of the 17th Destroyer Squadron takes command of the Sozomaru guard. Kurahashi was ordered to escort Munakata Maru and remained. The 17th Destroyer Flotilla (Hamakaze and Isokaze) turned around when Ryuho arrived at Keelung and joined Sozomaru and Kurahashi. Sozomaru was escorted by three ships (Hamakaze, Isokaze, and Kurahashi) and was able to arrive at Keelung. After that, Hamakaze and Isokaze hurriedly preceded the merger with the fleet unit, and Kurahashi was instructed to make a round trip to Kaohsiung. On the 9th, the Hi-87 Fleet Unit arrived in Kaohsiung, but was attacked by a carrier-based aircraft of the US 38th Task Force. Damage to ships and bases around Taiwan.
On February 3, 1945, she escorted the Tamo-40 fleet. On February 5, she joined the 1st Escort Flotilla. Kurahashi made a round trip to Sasebo and docked and repaired at the Sasebo Naval Arsenal from 13th to 5th March.
She left Sasebo on March 5 for her joint venture with the Hi-88F fleet. She went through Lighthouse-Hikoshima and joined the fleet at the northern end of Tsushima on the 7th. She arrived on the 8th and she arrived six times in a row. On the 14th, she escorted the Mota-42 fleet (2 ships) and fired 6 times. On the way, she passed through the southern part of Daicho Kanayama and the Daihoku archipelago and arrived in Keelung on the 27th. On the 31st, she escorted the Tamo-52 fleet (2 ships) and started Keelung. After she arrived inland, she engaged in convoy escort on the southern coast of the Korean Peninsula.
Located in Motoyama at the end of the war. On August 15, she made a round trip to Ominato. On the 25th, she was designated as the Yokosuka Naval District First Reserve Kaibokan. She has been minesweeping off Muroran since September 15th. She was removed from the Imperial Kaibokan on November 30, following the abolition of the Ministry of the Navy.
On December 1, 1945, by the opening of the 2nd Ministry of Demobilization, it was designated as a minesweeper for the local demobilization in the Ominato district, and continued to engage in minesweeping.
March 1946, Yashiro, Sea No. 48, Sea No. 49, Sea No. 77, USS Shoveler and USS Redstart were minesweeping in the sea near Kikaijima based on Amami Oshima.
On September 1, she was converted to an auxiliary ship for the Ominato District Demobilization Local Tube, but on the same day she was designated as a special storage ship and she was assigned to the Yokosuka Special Storage Ship No. 4 Storage Group.
On March 31, 1947, due to the abolition of the Ominato District Demobilization Bureau, the jurisdiction was changed to the Yokosuka District Demobilization Bureau. On September 4, the special transport ship will be lifted. She was handed over to England as a compensation ship on the 14th, but she was sold. It is said that the British Army had surplus escort destroyers transferred from the United States and some escort ships such as destroyers built in their own country, so it takes more time to maintain than those. She was dismantled at the Nagoya dock on January 15, 1948. Kurahashi's dismantling was carried out by the Group 4 work arrangement group and ended on November 1, 1947.
References
Ships built in Japan
1943 ships
North Shore City Council v Auckland Regional Council was a case in the Environment Court of New Zealand concerning the proper interpretation of section five of the Resource Management Act 1991 by planning bodies.
Background
The Auckland Regional Council had publicly notified its proposed regional policy statement in early 1994 which would have restricted urban development with a line of metropolitan urban limits.
The appellants, the North Shore City Council and the owners of land in the area around Long Bay and Okura River sought to modify the metropolitan urban limits so that an area of some 700 hectares in the area would be zoned within the urban limit
Judgment
The Environment Court allowed the appeals in part, "to the extent that the regional council is directed to alter the line of metropolitan urban limits in the proposed regional policy statement so that instead of following Glenvar Road, the line follows the watershed or catchment boundary between the Long Bay and Okura catchments."
In coming to this determination the Court had decided that, "We have concluded that urbanisation of the part of the subject land in the Okura catchment would necessarily have significant adverse effects on the environment of the Okura Estuary, and that the estuary, its high quality waters and ecosystem, possesses life supporting capacity which deserve to be safeguarded. However we have not accepted that there would necessarily be significant adverse effects of urbanisation on the environment of the Long Bay coast, or on the marine life of the marine reserves."
In coming to its decision the Court had regard to section 5 of the Resource Management Act which states the Act's purpose as promoting sustainable management. The Court held:"The method of applying s 5 then involves an overall broad judgment of whether a proposal would promote the sustainable management of natural and physical resources. That recognises that the [RMA] has a single purpose. Such a judgment allows for comparison of conflicting considerations and the scale or degree of them, and their relative significance or proportion in the final outcome."
Significance
The case established the "overall board judgment" approach to interpretation of section 5 of the Resource Management Act.
In the 2014 decision, Environmental Defence Society v New Zealand King Salmon the Supreme Court declined to follow the "overall broad judgment" approach.
References
New Zealand case law
1996 in New Zealand law
1996 in case law
1996 in the environment
Environmental law in New Zealand
Environmental case law
Auckland Regional Council
Andrea Jean Hayes (born January 12, 1969), later known by her married name Andrea Dickson, is an American former competition swimmer who represented the United States at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea. At the 1988 Olympics, she finished sixth in the final of the women's 200-meter backstroke event, with a time of 2:15.02.
She is best known for winning a gold medal in the 200-meter backstroke at the inaugural 1985 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships in Tokyo, Japan.
See also
List of University of Texas at Austin alumni
References
1969 births
Living people
American female backstroke swimmers
Olympic swimmers of the United States
Swimmers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Texas Longhorns women's swimmers
Place of birth missing (living people)
In general topology, a branch of mathematics, the integer broom topology is an example of a topology on the so-called integer broom SpaceX.
Definition of the integer broom space
The integer broom SpaceX is a subset of the plane R2. Assume that the plane is parametrised by polar coordinates. The integer broom contains the origin and the points such that n is a non-negative integer and }, where Z+ is the set of positive integers. The image on the right gives an illustration for and . Geometrically, the space consists of a collection of convergent sequences. For a fixed n, we have a sequence of points − lying on circle with centre (0, 0) and radius n − that converges to the point (n, 0).
Definition of the integer broom topology
We define the topology on X by means of a product topology. The integer broom space is given by the polar coordinates
Let us write for simplicity. The integer broom topology on X is the product topology induced by giving U the right order topology, and V the subspace topology from R.
Properties
The integer broom space, together with the integer broom topology, is a compact topological space. It is a T0 space, but it is neither a T1 space nor a Hausdorff space. The space is path connected, while neither locally connected nor arc connected.
See also
Comb space
Infinite broom
List of topologies
References
General topology
Postparietals are cranial bones present in fish and many tetrapods. Although initially a pair of bones, many lineages possess postparietals which were fused into a single bone. The postparietals were dermal bones situated along the midline of the skull, behind the parietal bones. They formed part of the rear edge of the skull roof, and the lateral edge of each postparietal often contacts the tabular and supratemporal bones. In fish, the postparietals are elongated, typically the largest components of the skull roof. Tetrapods possessed shorter postparietals, which were reduced further and shifted towards the braincase in amniotes. At several points in synapsid evolution, the postparietals fused to each other and the tabulars during embryological development. This fusion produces the interparietal bone, which is inherited by mammals. Postparietals are common in extinct amphibians and early reptiles. However, most living amphibians (of the group Lissamphibia) and living reptiles (of the group Sauria) lack postparietal bones, with a few exceptions.
Evolution
Fish and amphibians
Watson & Day (1916)'s "orthodox" interpretation of fish skulls argued that fish lacked independent postparietals, with the elongated paired midline bones at the back of the skull being interpreted as parietals. On the other hand, Westoll (1938) proposed an alternative interpretation which identified the bones as postparietals based on comparisons between early tetrapods and their sarcopterygian ancestors. This latter interpretation has usurped the "orthodox" interpretation and is currently more widespread among paleontologists Although the generally large size of fish postparietals are inconsistent with the smaller postparietals of tetrapods, there are many factors supporting the identification of the large posterior midline elements as postparietals, rather than parietals. These include their contact with tabulars and supratemporals, the fact that they are positioned behind the bones which surround the parietal foramen (i.e. the parietal bones), and how transitional taxa show apparent homology with tetrapod postparietals and the large posterior midline elements of fish. Studies of Ichthyostega, Elpistostege, and Edops in particular have demonstrated this concept. One objection to this interpretation is that the single midline postparietal of Ichthyostega has a transverse bend of the lateral line, which in fish typically occurs on extrascapular elements (plates at the back of the skull formed from enlarged neck scales). Proponents of the "orthodox" interpretation used this to argue that the unpaired postparietal of Icthyostega is a modified extrascapular element not homologous to what they identify as the "parietals" of fish. However, this is more easily explained by a simple shift in the position of the lateral line, as the postparietals of Icthyostega are otherwise identical in proportion and position (and therefore considered homologous) to the large paired posterior midline elements of fish.
Many sarcopterygian fish (including living coelocanths) possess a large, robust plate at the back of the skull known as a postparietal shield. This plate consists mostly of the large postparietals along its midline, with smaller tabular bones and one or more supratemporal bones along its edge. The postparietal shield often articulates with the rest of the skull through a mobile joint. As sarcopterygians acquire more derived features and eventually evolve into tetrapods, the postparietals gradually shrink, losing their status as the largest midline elements of the skull and allowing the more anteriorly-situated parietal bones (and the newly acquired frontal bones) to acquire that status. The postparietals also becomes more solidly attached to the parietals. Most lissamphibians lack postparietals, with the exception of a few anurans such as Pelates (spadefoot toads) and Bombina (fire-bellied toads). In diadectomorphs, the postparietals fuse to each other. The seymouriamorph Discosauriscus has a high degree of interspecific variation in regards to postparietal fusion; they may either fuse with each other, not at all, or with the adjacent tabulars but not with each other. Closer to the base of amniotes, the postparietal shifts from the dorsal portion of the skull to the occipital (braincase) portion, sloping downwards in the process.
Synapsids
Early synapsids inherited postparietals (sometimes paired) from their non-amniote ancestors. Embryological data indicates that the interparietal bone of mammals forms from the fusion of four bones during early development: a pair of medial neural crest elements edged by lateral mesoderm elements. The medial neural crest-derived pair are considered homologous to the postparietals of other vertebrates, while the lateral mesoderm bones are considered homologous to the tabular bones. In almost all mammals, all four bones are fused to each other by the time of birth, and in many cases they additionally fuse to the parietal and supraoccipital in adulthood. Many non-mammalian synapsids have three bones in the interparietal region as adults: one midline bone and two lateral bones. In these situations, the midline bone (often also termed an interparietal) is a fused postparietal while the lateral bones are tabulars. Independently-derived fusion between paired postparietals and/or the adjacent tabulars is common among synapsids, meaning that many different lineages have one, three, or four bones in the region which makes up the mammalian interparietal. In rare cases there are two interparietal bones, formed when left and right postparietals each fuse to their corresponding tabular, but not each other.
Reptiles
The postparietals continue to shrink and move further back in the skull in reptiles, no longer forming any contribution to the ceiling of the brain cavity. Small paired or fused postparietals are common in Permian parareptiles and eureptiles, including early diapsids such as Petrolacosaurus and Youngina. Postparietals were subsequently lost at the base of Sauria, the expansive diapsid subgroup containing all living species of reptiles. Archosauriforms (and their sister taxon Tasmaniosaurus) briefly reacquired postparietals in the form of a single fused bone. As in synapsids, this bone has sometimes been termed an interparietal. Proterosuchids, erythrosuchids, euparkeriids, and Asperoris are all known to have possessed interparietals, while the bone was absent in proterochampsids, Doswellia, Vancleavea, Litorosuchus, most or all phytosaurs, and archosaurs. The only true archosaur generally considered possessing an interparietal as an adult is a single specimen of Gracilisuchus. Paired postparietals have also been observed in Alligator mississippiensis embryos, although they are incorporated into the supraoccipital by the time of hatching. One proposal used developmental data to argue that the "parietal" of birds was actually derived from postparietals. However, subsequent review provided evidence against that hypothesis by demonstrating that birds had inherited a consistent relationship between the skull roof and brain cavity; this relationship excluded the postparietals from the brain cavity (at least in reptiles) and supported the traditional interpretation that the parietal of birds was homologous to that of other reptiles.
References
Vertebrate anatomy
Caoxi Road () is a station on Shanghai Metro Line 3. The station opened on 26 December 2000 as part of the initial section of Line 3 from to . It is within walking distance of Shanghai's first IKEA store.
Gallery
References
Line 3, Shanghai Metro
Shanghai Metro stations in Xuhui District
Railway stations in China opened in 2000
Railway stations in Shanghai
Walter Edward Callander (born 30 May 1947) is a Bahamian sprinter. He competed in the men's 100 metres at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1947 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1971 Pan American Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1975 Pan American Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Bahamian male sprinters
Olympic athletes of the Bahamas
Place of birth missing (living people)
Pan American Games competitors for the Bahamas
VoteRunLead is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization that trains women to run for office in the United States. Founded in 2014 by Erin Vilardi with co-founders Rhonda Briggins, Shannon Garrett, Pakou Hang and Liz Johnson, it is nationally recognized as the largest, most diverse candidate training program for women.
VoteRunLead is non-partisan and focuses on state and local offices. The organization has trained more than 33,000 women to run for office and is planning to train another 30,000 women by 2020.
History
VoteRunLead was first launched in 2004 by Marie C. Wilson and Erin Vilardi as a program of The White House Project, establishing the largest national political training program readying women for public office and training more than 15,000 women to run for office and seek out leadership opportunities in their civic life. After The White House Project closed, VoteRunLead was founded as a standalone organization in 2014 by Erin Vilardi with Rhonda Briggins, Shannon Garrett, Pakou Hang and Liz Johnson.
In 2018, Jehmu Greene became Board Chair and Erika Alexander, Piper Perabo and Bre Pettis joined the Advisory Board. They were joined by former Republican Congresswoman Susan Molinari, co-founder of Black Voters Matter LaTosha Brown and New York City's Commissioner for International Affairs, Penny Abeywardena in 2020.
Facebook's Crystal Patterson has served as Chair of the Board since 2019. Melinda Gates included Vilardi in her article "5 of the most interesting conversations she had in 2020."
A photo of Representatives Ilhan Omar, Ayanna Pressley, Rashida Tlaib and Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez at VoteRunLead's Women & Power: National Town Hall went viral after Ocasio-Cortez posted it on her Instagram page. The photo, captioned "Squad," served as a reminder that the incoming 116th Congress is the "most female, most diverse ever, both racially and ideologically."
Notable Alumnae
Lori Alhadeff, Broward County School Board Member and mother of Alyssa Alhadeff, killed at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School
Congresswoman Cori Bush was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives for Missouri's 1st congressional district in 2020
State Representative Park Cannon, elected at 24 years old, is the first openly queer woman elected to Georgia State Assembly
Councilwoman Catherine Emmannuel is the first Latina and youngest woman elected to the Eau Claire City Council
Liuba Grechen Shirley, 2018 Democratic Party nominee for Congress representing the NY-2 district
Tishaura Jones, City Treasurer of St. Louis, MO
State Representative Brenda Lopez is first Latina elected to the Georgia State Assembly.
State Representative Ilhan Omar, the first Somali American woman to be elected to any state legislature in the country.
Kelda Roys, 2018 Democratic candidate for Governor of Wisconsin
Lauren Underwood, 2018 Democratic Party nominee for Congress representing the IL-14 district
State Representative JoCasta Zamarripa is the first Latina and openly bisexual legislator elected to the Wisconsin State Assembly
See also
Emily's List
Center for American Women and Politics
Women's Campaign School
References
External links
Erin Vilardi's talk at Personal Democracy Forum 2016 on VoteRunLead (YouTube video)
Non-profit organizations based in the United States
Organizations established in 2011
Much of the territory of the modern state of Serbia was part of the Roman Empire and later the Eastern Roman Empire. In particular, the region of Central Serbia was under Roman rule for about 800 years (with interruptions), starting from the 1st century BC, interrupted by the arrival of the Slavs into the Balkans during the 6th century, but continued after fall of the First Bulgarian Empire in the early 11th century and permanently ended with the rise of the Second Bulgarian Empire in the late 12th century. The territories were administratively divided into the provinces of Moesia (later Moesia Superior), Pannonia (later Pannonia Inferior) and Dardania. Moesia Superior roughly corresponds to modern Serbia proper; Pannonia Inferior included the eastern part of Serbia proper; Dardania included the western part of Serbia proper. After its reconquest from the Bulgarians by Emperor Basil II in 1018, it was reorganized into the Theme of Bulgaria.
The Danube River influenced the extension of the Roman Empire; its confluents, such as Sava and Morava, affected the growth of frontier fortresses and towns. Many authors and explorers wrote about traces of the Roman Empire on the Danube coast. One of the localities, Felix Romuliana, was ranked on the list of cultural heritage of UNESCO in July 2007.
The location has been invaded by many peoples over the centuries. The northern Serbian city of Sirmium (Sremska Mitrovica) was among the top 4 cities of the late Roman Empire, serving as its capital during the Tetrarchy.
Contemporary Serbia comprises the classical regions of Moesia, Pannonia, parts of Dalmatia, Dacia and Macedonia.
History
Roman conquest
The Roman Republic conquered the region of Illyria in 168 BC in the aftermath of the Illyrian Wars. "Illyria" was a designation of a roughly defined region of the western Balkans as seen from a Roman perspective, just as Magna Germania is a rough geographic term not delineated by any linguistic or ethnic unity.
The later province of Illyricum was to the west of what is now Serbia.
The Romans conquered parts of Serbia in 167 BC and established the province of Illyricum. What is now central Serbia was conquered in 75 BC when the province of Moesia was established. Srem is conquered by 9 BC and Backa and Banat in 106 AD after the Dacian wars.
The city of Sirmium (Sremska Mitrovica) was among the top four cities of the late Roman Empire, serving as its capital during the Tetrarchy. Contemporary Serbia comprises the classical regions of Moesia, Pannonia, parts of Dalmatia, Dacia and Macedonia.
The chief towns of Upper Moesia in the Principate were: Naissus (modern Niš), Viminacium (sometimes called municipium Aelium; modern Kostolac), Singidunum (modern Belgrade), Remesiana (modern Bela Palanka)
Many Roman noblemen and statesmen were born in present-day Serbia, including 17 or 18 Roman Emperors (Vetranio wasn't universally recognized as an emperor, but was proclaimed a caesar).
Byzantine period
The Byzantine era in the history Serbia refers to three distinctive periods. The territory of later Serbia was under control of the Eastern Roman Empire up to the beginning of the 7th century. During that period, emperor Justinian I (527–565) oversaw reinforcement of defensive structures in the region, and founded the city of Justiniana Prima, today a Cultural Heritage of Serbia-listed archeological site (Archaeological Sites of Exceptional Importance). In 535, the city became center of the Archbishopric of Justiniana Prima, that had metropolitan jurisdiction over all provinces of the Diocese of Dacia. At the beginning of the 7th century, region was invaded by Avars and Slavs, thus ending the Byzantine rule. From that time, and up to the middle of the 10th century, the region was controlled by the newly created Slavic state - the early medieval Principality of Serbia. In 971–976, Byzantine rule was briefly restored, and Catepanate of Ras was established, but it was short lived. Only after 1018, the territory of Serbia came under the Byzantine rule, and it was included into two themata: the Theme of Serbia and the Theme of Sirmium, that existed until 1071.
Arrival of the Slavs
The Byzantines broadly grouped the numerous Slav tribes into two groups: the Sklavenoi and Antes. Apparently, the Sklavenoi group were based along the middle Danube, whereas the Antes were at the lower Danube, in Scythia Minor. Some, such as Bulgarian scholar Zlatarsky, suggest that the first group settled the western Balkans, whilst offshoots of the Antes settled the eastern regions (roughly speaking). From the Danube, they commenced raiding the Byzantine Empire from the 520s, on an annual basis. They spread about destruction, taking loot and herds of cattle, seizing prisoners and taking fortresses. Often, the Byzantine Empire was stretched defending its rich Asian provinces from Arabs, Persians and Turks. This meant that even numerically small, disorganised early Slavic raids were capable of causing much disruption, but could not capture the larger, fortified cities on the Aegean coast.
The Slavs invaded Balkans during Justinian I rule (527–565), when eventually up to 100,000 Slavs raided Thessalonica. The Western Balkans was settled with Sclaveni (Sklavenoi), the east with Antes.
The Sklavenoi plundered Thrace in 545.
In 551, the Slavs crossed Niš initially headed for Thessalonica, but ended up in Dalmatia. During the 6th and 7th century, Slavic tribes made eight attempts to take Niš and in the final attack in 615 the Slavs took the city.
Menander Protector mentions a King of the Sklavenoi, Daurentius (577-579) that slayed an Avar envoy of Khagan Bayan I. The Avars asked the Slavs to accept the suzerainty of the Avars, he however declined and is reported as saying: "Others do not conquer our land, we conquer theirs [...] so it shall always be for us".
In 577 some 100,000 Slavs poured into Thrace and Illyricum, pillaging cities and settling down.
By the 580s, as the Slav communities on the Danube became larger and more organised, and as the Avars exerted their influence, raids became larger and resulted in permanent settlement. In 586 AD, as many as 100,000 Slav warriors raided Thessaloniki. By 581, many Slavic tribes had settled the land around Thessaloniki, though never taking the city itself, creating a Macedonian Sclavinia. As John of Ephesus tells us in 581: "the accursed people of the Slavs set out and plundered all of Greece, the regions surrounding Thessalonica, and Thrace, taking many towns and castles, laying waste, burning, pillaging, and seizing the whole country." However, John exaggerated the intensity of the Slavic incursions since he was influenced by his confinement in Constantinople from 571 up until 579. Moreover, he perceived the Slavs as God's instrument for punishing the persecutors of the Monophysites. By 586, they managed to raid the western Peloponnese, Attica, Epirus, leaving only the east part of Peloponnese, which was mountainous and inaccessible. In Maurice's Balkan campaigns, the final attempt to restore the northern border was from 591 to 605, when the end of conflicts with Persia allowed Emperor Maurice to transfer units to the north. However he was deposed after a military revolt in 602, and the Danubian frontier collapsed one and a half decades later.
Archaeological evidence in Serbia and Macedonia conclude that the White Serbs may have reached the Balkans earlier than thought, between 550 and 600, as many findings; fibulae and pottery found at Roman forts point at Serb characteristics and thus could have been either part of the Byzantine foedorati or a fraction of the early invading Slavs who upon organizing in their refuge of the Dinarides, formed the ethnogenesis of Serbs and were pardoned by the Byzantine Empire after acknowledging their suzerainty.
Administrative units
Moesia
In ancient geographical sources, Moesia was bounded to the south by the Balkans (Haemus) and Šar mountain (Scardus, Scordus, Scodrus) mountains, to the west by the Drina river (Drinus), on the north by the Danube and on the east by the Euxine (Black Sea). The region was inhabited chiefly by Thracian, Dacian and Illyrian peoples.
The region took its name from the Moesi, a Thraco-Dacian tribe that lived there before the Roman conquest 75 BC-c. 29 BC and formally became a Roman province of that name some years later (by 6 AD).
Cities and towns, in Moesia Superior (at times Macedonia/ Dardania):
Ulpiana (modern Lipljan)
Municipium Dardanicum
Dardapara
Naissus, (modern Nis, Nysus in the Byzantine era)
Theranda (modern Prizren)
Vicianum (modern Vučitrn)
Vindenis
Velanis
Pannonia
The cities and towns in Pannonia, located in modern Serbia, were:
Acumincum (Stari Slankamen)
Bassianae (Donji Petrovci)
Bononia (Banoštor)
Burgenae (Novi Banovci)
Cusum (Petrovaradin)
Rittium (Surduk)
Singidunum (Beograd)
Sirmium (Sremska Mitrovica)
Taurunum (Zemun)
Cultures and tribes
See also
List of Greek and Latin place names in Serbia
Illyro-Roman
Thraco-Roman
References
Sources
Serbia
Serbia
ABC News Now is an Internet-delivered news radio that is currently owned by The Walt Disney Company's ABC Audio division. The network was previously distributed by Cumulus Media Networks (through Cumulus Media) and licensed the ABC branding from Disney (which produces the network's programming via its ABC News Radio unit) until the end of 2014 when Cumulus launched its own in-house news division from its newly acquired Westwood One radio network. "ABC News Now" draws a music audience between the ages of 25–54 with the latest news interlined into the individual affiliates' music playlist.
According to a survey taken, 73% of the listeners were interested in news and many were mostly interested in hard news over lifestyles and headlines over in-depth reporting.
History
When The Walt Disney Company still owned the original ABC Radio Networks, it launched the network as ABC FM News on a dozen affiliates in 2006 with the news beginning at :15 past the hour, but due to low ratings and the fact that ABC News is distributed hourly on thousands of AM radio affiliates, the FM news unit was discontinued in early 2007. However shortly after the ABC/Citadel merger, the "FM" network was reactivated. Depending on the current affiliates, times may vary. In December 2010, the network was changed to "ABC News Now". Despite having the same name as the now-former digital TV network, they were not owned by the same broadcasting company at the time the TV network was still active.
Starting in 2015, this network is brought back under Disney's wing after ABC Radio was relaunched.
Each newscast ends with the "This is <optional mentioning of a newsreader's name>, ABC News" end cue. Some FM stations that carry ABC News Now—including WLNG in Sag Harbor, New York—use the alternate opening where a newsreader mentions the "ABC News" branding without the "Now" part.
Current affiliates
WLNG (Sag Harbor, New York)
WKOZ-FM (Carthage, Mississippi)
External links
ABC News Now Radio - Official Website
American radio networks
Alan Theodore Sherman (born February 26, 1957) is a full professor of computer science at UMBC, director of the UMBC Center for Information Security and Assurance (CISA), and director of the UMBC Chess Program. Sherman is an editor for Cryptologia, and is a member of Phi Beta Kappa and Sigma Xi.
Biography
Education
Sherman earned a Bachelor's degree in Mathematics from Brown University in 1978, a Master's Degree in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from MIT in 1981, and a Ph.D. degree in Computer Science from MIT in 1987. Professor Sherman's research interests include security of voting systems, cryptology, information assurance, and discrete algorithms.
Chess
Sherman has been the faculty advisor of the UMBC Chess Club since 1991, after playing in a student vs. faculty match . He recruits chess players worldwide with academic scholarships . UMBC has been ranked among the best college teams, winning the Pan American Intercollegiate Team Chess Championship in 1996, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2005, 2008, 2009, and 2012. In 1997 he received a Meritorious Service Award from the USCF for his contributions to college chess .
Bibliography
Books
Significant academic articles
Fisher, K. and Carback, R. and Sherman, A., Punchscan: Introduction and System Definition of a High-Integrity Election System, Proceedings of the IAVoSS Workshop On Trustworthy Elections (WOTE'06), Cambridge, UK, June 2006.
David Chaum, Carback, R., Clark, J., Essex, A., Popoveniuc, S., Ronald Rivest, Ryan, P., Shen, E., and Sherman, A., Scantegrity II: end-to-end verifiability for optical scan election systems using invisible ink confirmation codes, Proceedings of the conference on Electronic voting technology, p. 1-13, July 28–29, 2008, San Jose, CA.
Sherman, A. and McGrew, D., Key Establishment in Large Dynamic Groups Using One-Way Function Trees, IEEE Transactions on Software Engineering, v.29 n.5, May, 2003.
Sherman, A., Kaliski, B. and Ronald Rivest, Is the Data Encryption Standard a group? (Results of cycling experiments on DES), Journal of Cryptology, v.1, n.1, 1998.
Baldwin, R. and Sherman, A., How we solved the $100,000 Decipher Puzzle (16 hours too late), Cryptologia, XXIV:3, July, 1990.
External links
List of Alan Sherman's publications on DBLP
List of Alan Sherman's patents on USPTO
Home page of Alan T. Sherman
References
People from Cambridge, Massachusetts
American computer scientists
MIT School of Engineering alumni
University of Maryland, Baltimore County faculty
Election technology people
People associated with computer security
Living people
1957 births
Brown University alumni
Road protest may be synonymous with highway revolts. It may also refer to:
Fukushima incident (1882)
1960s–1970s US Freeway and expressway revolts
1990s Road protest in the United Kingdom
Dongas road protest group
Twyford Down (1991/1992)
M11 link road protest (1993/1994)
Newbury bypass (1996)
Rimrose Valley#Highway proposals (2017)
M3 motorway (Ireland) (2007)
Reclaim the Streets
See also
:Category:Anti-road protest
Direct action
Jean Marie Stine (born Henry Eugene Stine, 1945 in Sikeston, Missouri) is an American editor, writer, anthologist, and publisher.
Career
Stine worked as a book acquisition and development editor for Newcastle Publishing and Leisure Books. For a number of years, she was a senior editor specializing in self-help titles for publisher Jeremy P. Tarcher. Stine's own non-fiction books include Double Your Brain Power (Prentice-Hall 1997), a selection of the Quality Paperback Book Club, which was translated into five languages.
Stine has served as publisher for O'Hara Publications, The Donning Company, the International Foundation for Gender Education, and Renaissance E Books.
Anthologies she has edited include The Great Women Detectives: Seven Classic Novelettes, Hearts of the West, Reel Futures: Classic Stories that Became Great SF Movies (with Forrest J Ackerman), and Those Doggone Dogs.
During the late 1960s Stine worked as a personal assistant to Star Trek creator Gene Roddenberry on special projects.
Author
As an author, she has written fiction and non-fiction on a variety of subjects for more than one hundred publications including Premier, The Los Angeles News, Amazing Stories, Eros, Conundrum, and Brain Candy. Among her best known stories are "In the Kingdom of the Sons" and "No Exit" (with Larry Niven). Known pseudonyms include Sibly Whyte, and Allen Jorgenson. Two recent ebook collections of Stine's work are Herstory & Other Science Fictions and Trans-Sexual: Tales for Gender Queers.
Stine published a number of science fiction novels and stories in the late 1960s and early 1970s as "Henry Stine", beginning with Season of the Witch in 1968, which was later adapted into the film as Memory Run. Under the name "Hank Stine", the author penned a tie-in novel based upon the TV series The Prisoner. After the departure of John J. Pierce, Stine was the editor of Galaxy for two issues in 1979. She was editor-in-chief of the science fiction and fantasy Starblaze line for Donning from 1979 to 1983, publishing titles such as Marion Zimmer Bradley's Ruins of Isis.
Issues concerning gender, such as change, role reversal and misalignment thereof, are recurrent themes in Stine's work. Stine's novel Season of the Witch describes the ordeal of a man, a hardened seducer, who lives off women, whose consciousness is transferred into the body of a woman as a legal punishment. Stine's short story "Jinni's So Long at the Fair" concerns a future in which a plague has wiped out all humans but those with a genetic abnormality, with male genes (karyotype XY) but female physiology (breasts, vagina). Another short story, "Herstory", describes deliberate manipulation of the timeline to change history so that every human religion in history has stressed the supremacy of woman over man.
Fiction
Season of the Witch. Essex House (# 0112), North Hollywood 1968 Postscript by Harlan Ellison; Masquerade Books/Rhinoceros Publications, 1994; Renaissance E Books, 2008.
Thrill City, or The Dugpa. Essex House, North Hollywood 1969; Masquerde Books/Rhinoceros Publications, 1996.
The Prisoner # 3. Ace Books, New York 1970; Dennis Dobson, London 1979; also called: The Prisoner: A Day in the Life. New English Library, 1982. (the third paperback following the British TV series The Prisoner cf. The Prisoner in other media).
Forrest J. Ackerman, Jean Stine (eds.): I, Vampire: Intervies with the Undead. Longmeadowpress, Ann Arbor (1995).
Trans-Sexual: Transgressive Erotica for Gender Queers (2008)
Herstory & Other Science Fictions. Renaissance E Books, 2010.
Non-fiction
It's All In Your Head: Remarkable Facts About the Human Mind (1994)
Writing Successful Self-Help and How-To Books (1997)
Double Your Brain Power (1998)
Ed Wood: The Early Years. Renaissance E Books, 2001.
Super Brain Power (2002)
Empowering Your Life with Runes (2004)
References
External links
http://www.sf-encyclopedia.com/entry/stine_jean_marie
1945 births
Living people
20th-century American novelists
21st-century American novelists
American erotica writers
American science fiction writers
American women short story writers
American women novelists
Science fiction editors
Transgender women
Transgender writers
Women science fiction and fantasy writers
20th-century American women writers
21st-century American women writers
Women erotica writers
20th-century American short story writers
21st-century American short story writers
General elections were held in Bermuda on 9 November 1998. The result was a victory for the Progressive Labour Party, which won 26 of the 40 seats in the House of Assembly.
Results
References
Elections in Bermuda
Bermuda
General election
Bermuda
November 1998 events in North America
Election and referendum articles with incomplete results
Tech Crags () is a narrow broken ridge 2 nautical miles (3.7 km) south of Williams Cliff on Ross Island, Antarctica. The feature rises to c.1000 m and marks a declivity along the north flank of broad Turks Head Ridge, from which ice moves to Pukaru Icefalls. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) (2000) after the New Mexico Institute of Mining and Technology, known as New Mexico Tech. From 1981, many Tech students under the direction of Philip R. Kyle, have undertaken graduate research projects (thesis and dissertation) on Mount Erebus, Ross Island.
Ridges of Ross Island
127 (Persian: ١٢٧) is an Iranian five-piece bands – guitar, piano, trombone, bass and drums – with roots in Iranian melodies and jazz with an alternative sound.
Members include Sohrab Mohebbi (guitar/vocals), Sardar Sarmast (piano), Salmak Khaledi (trombone), Alireza Pourassad (bass), Yayha Alkhansa (drums) and Shervin Shahamipour (back vocals, setar).
Discography
Coming around (2005)
The Full time job (2006)
Khal Punk (2008)
Pop Emergency (2011)
Be Raahe Khod (2019)
References
External links
127 Official web sites
127 on Facebook
127 on Myspace Music
127 on Youtube
127 on SoundCloud
Gypsy punk groups
Iranian rock music groups
Culture in Tehran
Vegas was a musical outfit, active in the early 1990s. The band was formed by the former Specials and Fun Boy Three singer Terry Hall and Eurythmics member David A. Stewart, with Swedish music producer Olle Romö and Emmanuel Guiot making up the group (though like Tears for Fears and OMD before them, promotion was focused on the main duo). They released their self-titled album for RCA Records in 1992 as well as a trio of singles, including a cover of Charles Aznavour's number one hit "She".
Discography
Albums
Singles
References
English pop music duos
Male musical duos
British supergroups
Bertelsmann Music Group artists
RCA Records artists
Cedrik-Marcel Stebe was the defending champion, but did not compete that year.
Kimmer Coppejans won the title, defeating Lucas Pouille in the final, 4–6, 6–2, 6–2. It was his first Challenger title in his career.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
Main Draw
Qualifying Draw
Morocco - Meknes - Singles
2014 Singles
Meknes - Singles
Eduard Stoyanov (Russian: Эдуард Стоянов; born 29 June 1972 in Ukraine) is a Ukrainian retired footballer.
References
Ukrainian footballers
Association football defenders
Living people
1972 births
FC Chornomorets Odesa players
SC Odessa players
FC Arsenal Kyiv players
FC Zorya Luhansk players
FC CSKA Kyiv players
FC Khimik Severodonetsk players
Paul Davidoff (February 14, 1930 – December 27, 1984) was an American planner, planning educator, and planning theoretician who conceptualized "advocacy planning" with his wife, Linda Stone Davidoff. In legal scholarship, he is known as the primary litigant in the Mount Laurel decision, which established a state-constitutional basis for inclusionary zoning in New Jersey, a doctrine which has been accepted in other United States jurisdictions. Davidoff founded the Suburban Action Institute and the urban planning department at Hunter College, and also taught at the University of Pennsylvania and Princeton University during his career.
Life and career
Davidoff was born in New York City on February 14, 1930 to Bernard and Mildred Davidoff. He completed an undergraduate degree at Allegheny College and started but did not complete a law degree at Yale Law School before enrolling at the University of Pennsylvania Graduate School of Fine Arts, where he graduated with a degree in city planning in 1956. While teaching there, he also received a law degree from the university in 1961. He and Linda Greenberg met in the 1960s while she was a planning student at Penn and were married.
Over his career he held positions with planning agencies and in academia in around New York City. He worked for several years as a planner in New Canaan, CT, and later for the prestigious architectural firm of Voorhees, Walker Smith & Smith. In 1964 he founded the department of urban studies at Hunter College in New York. In 1965 Davidoff wrote AIR journal article “Advocacy and pluralism in planning” where he argued for advocacy on behalf of poor communities, social planning and greater citizen involvement in the planning process.
Davidoff founded the Suburban Action Institute in 1969. It challenged exclusionary zoning in the courts, winning a notable success in the landmark Mount Laurel case (South Burlington County NAACP v. Mount Laurel Township, 92 N.J., 158). The litigation led to the requirement by the New Jersey Supreme Court (1983) for communities to supply their "regional fair share" of low-income housing needs, known as the "Mount Laurel Doctrine."
Davidoff died in New York City from complications related to cancer treatment on December 27, 1984.
Advocacy planning
In 1964, Davidoff became a founding member the advocacy planning organization "Planners for Equal Opportunity."
Memorials
The American Planning Association presents the Paul Davidoff National Award for Social Change and Diversity annually to a project, group, or individual that has assisted the disadvantaged.
The Association of Collegiate Schools of Planning has presented the Paul Davidoff Award every other year since 1985 to recognize "an outstanding book publication regarding participatory planning and positive social change, opposing poverty and racism as factors in society and seeking ways to address disparities across race, class, language, and gender." The 2013 award went to a book that dealt with Davidoff's own work on the Mt. Laurel Case: Climbing Mount Laurel by Douglas S. Massey, Len Albright, Rebecca Casciano, Elizabeth Derickson & David N. Kinsey.
Bibliography
Journal articles
Book chapters
Other publications
References
Further reading
Guide to the Paul Davidoff Papers, Cornell University Library
Paul Davidoff Book Award, ACSP
1930 births
1984 deaths
American urban planners
Educators from New York City
Allegheny College alumni
University of Pennsylvania Law School alumni
Hunter College faculty
University of Pennsylvania School of Design alumni
Eye of God is a 1997 crime film directed by Tim Blake Nelson. It stars Martha Plimpton. Nelson won Best Director in the American Independent Award for the Seattle International Film Festival in 1997 and Bronze Award in the 1997 Tokyo International Film Festival. He was also nominated for the to Watch Award in the 1998 Independent Spirit Awards and Grand Jury Prize at the 1997 Sundance Film Festival. The movie was filmed in Skiatook, Oklahoma; Sperry, Oklahoma and Tulsa, Oklahoma in early 1996.
Cast
Mary Kay Place as Claire Spencer
Nick Stahl as Tom Spencer
Chris Freihofer as Les Hector
Woody Watson as Glen Briggs
Martha Plimpton as Ainsley DuPree
Margo Martindale as Dorothy
Kevin Anderson as Jack Stillings
Wally Welch as R.J. Prichard
Larry Flynn as Jim Nutter
Richard Jenkins as Willard Sprague
Maggie Moore as Janice
Vernon Grote as Fast Food Customer
Gary Ragland as Lee
Hal Holbrook as Sheriff Rogers
Carolyn Wickwire as Mrs. Rogers
References
External links
1997 films
1997 crime films
American crime films
Films directed by Tim Blake Nelson
Films shot in Oklahoma
Films set in Tulsa, Oklahoma
1997 directorial debut films
1990s English-language films
1990s American films
Bishnupur is a census town within the jurisdiction of the Bishnupur police station in the Bishnupur I CD blocks in the Alipore Sadar subdivision of the South 24 Parganas district in the Indian state of West Bengal.
Geography
Area overview
Alipore Sadar subdivision is a most urbanized part of the South 24 Parganas district. 59.85% of the population lives in the urban areas and 40.15% lives in the rural areas. In the southern portion of the subdivision (shown in the map alongside) there are 15 census towns. The entire district is situated in the Ganges Delta and the subdivision, on the east bank of the Hooghly River, is an alluvial stretch, with industrial development.
Note: The map alongside presents some of the notable locations in the subdivision. All places marked in the map are linked in the larger full screen map.
Location
Bishnupur is located at . It has an average elevation of .
Bishnupur, Kanyanagar, Amtala, Ramkrishnapur, Kriparampur and Chak Enayetnagar (a little away) form a cluster of census towns, as per the map of the Bishnupur I CD blocks on page 207 and the map of the Bishnupur II CD block on page 233 of the District Census Handbook 2011 for the South 24 Parganas.
Demographics
According to the 2011 Census of India, Bishnupur had a total population of 5,030, of which 2,561 (51%) were males and 2,469 (49%) were females. There were 431 persons in the age range of 0 to 6 years. The total number of literate persons was 4,099 (89.13% of the population over 6 years).
According to the 2001 Census of India, Bishnupur had a population of 4,529. Males constitute 53% of the population and females 47%. It has an average literacy rate of 82%, higher than the national average of 59.5%; with male literacy of 86% and female literacy of 77%. 9% of the population is under 6 years of age.
Civic Administration
Police station
Bishnupur police station is located in Bishnupur. Bishnupur PS covers an area of 211 km2, spread over parts of the Bishnupur I, the Bishnupur II and the Thakurpukur Maheshtala CD block.
CD block HQ
The headquarters of the Bishnupur I CD block are located at Bishnupur.
Infrastructure
According to the District Census Handbook 2011, Bishnupur covered an area of 1.81 km2. Among the civic amenities, the protected water supply involved over-head tank and service reservoir. It had 1,100 domestic electric connections. Among the medical facilities it had 1 dispensary/ health centre, 4 charitable hospitals/ nursing homes and 6 medicine shops. Among the educational facilities it had were 5 primary schools, 5 middle schools, 3 secondary schools, 2 senior secondary schools and a general degree college at Vidyanagar located close by. It had 1 recognised shorthand, typewriting and vocational training centre. Among the social, recreational and cultural facilities it had 1 orphanage home, 1 old age home and 1 cinema theatre. Important commodities it produced were soft toys and muri (puffed rice).
Transport
Bishnupur is on the National Highway 12.
Education
Bishnupur Siksha Sangha is a Bengali-medium coeducational institution established in 1926. It has facilities for teaching from class V to Class XII.
Bishnupur Grihasree Sikshayatan for Girls is a higher secondary school.
Mount Litera Zee School, established in 2007 at Khariberia is affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education – CBSE, Delhi.
Khariberia Vivekananda Vidyapith is a Bengali-medium boys only institution established in 1960. It has facilities for teaching from class V to class XII.
Vidyanagar College was established at Vidyanagar in 1963.
Healthcare
Chandi Doulatabad Block Primary Health Centre, with 10 beds, at Doulatabad (PO Nepalganj), is the major government medical facility in the Bishnupur I CD block.
References
Cities and towns in South 24 Parganas district
Neighbourhoods in Kolkata
Kolkata Metropolitan Area
Ataxia tibialis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Schaeffer in 1908. It is known from the United States.
References
Ataxia (beetle)
Beetles described in 1908
Marko Semren (born 9 April 1954) is the current bishop of Banja Luka in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Biography
In 1973, he entered the Franciscan Order studied philosophy and theology at the Franciscan Institute, Sarajevo. From 1974-1975 he did his National Service and took final vows on 13 April 1980, and on 29 June 1981 was ordained.
Then studied at the Pontifical University "Antonianum" in Rome, receiving his Ph.D. in 1986. He served as master of novices and spiritual father, pastor and guardian of the Franciscan convent in Gorica - Livno. He taught at the theological institute in Sarajevo.
On 15 July 2010, appointed by Pope Benedict XVI as auxiliary bishop of Banja Luka, and Bishop of Abaradira.
References
1954 births
Living people
People from Livno
Croats of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Franciscans of the Franciscan Province of Bosnia
Bishops of Banja Luka
Franciscan bishops
21st-century Roman Catholic titular bishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Benedict XVI
21st-century Roman Catholic bishops in Bosnia and Herzegovina
James "J. D." DePree, also known as Jim DePree, (March 14, 1879 – July 1, 1972) was an American football player and coach of football and baseball. He was the fifth head coach for the University of Tennessee Volunteers football team, coaching the 1905 and 1906 seasons and compiling a record of 4–11–3. While at Tennessee, he started the school's first basketball team and coached the baseball team in 1906.
Depree married Fannie Wilson of Knoxville, Tennessee, who bore his three sons. He was born in Holland, Michigan in 1879 and died in Sarasota, Florida in 1972.
DePree was a letterman in football from the University of Michigan, where played fullback.
Head coaching record
Football
References
1879 births
1972 deaths
American football fullbacks
Michigan Wolverines football players
Tennessee Volunteers baseball coaches
Tennessee Volunteers football coaches
People from Holland, Michigan
The Fat Cat Sat on the Mat is a 1996 children's book by Nurit Karlin. Published by Harper Collins as part of the reading readiness program, the book stresses the ability to read words of specific structure, such as -at. The plot regards a large cat that refuses to get off a mat, despite bribery attempts from a furious rat.
References
1996 children's books
American children's books
Learning to read
Books about cats
Ayethaya (, also spelt Aye Thar Yar) is a town and resort in the Shan State of eastern Burma. It is located just outside Taunggyi and is a relatively new town. It contains the Technological University of Taunggyi and the Aye Thar Yar Golf Resort.
References
Populated places in Taunggyi District
Taunggyi Township
Sudborough is a village and civil parish in North Northamptonshire. At the time of the 2001 census, the parish's population was 189 people, increasing to 202 at the 2011 Census.
The village's name means 'Southern fortification'.
Sudborough is bypassed by the A6116 road and is in the boundaries of the ancient Rockingham Forest; its nearest town is Thrapston, to its south-east.
The Church of England parish church is dedicated to All Saints.
References
External links
Brief description
Villages in Northamptonshire
Civil parishes in Northamptonshire
North Northamptonshire
The Hepworth Wakefield is an art museum in Wakefield, West Yorkshire, England, which opened on 21 May 2011. The gallery is situated on the south side of the River Calder and takes its name from artist and sculptor Barbara Hepworth who was born and educated in the city. It is the successor of (and subsumed) the municipal art collection, founded in 1923 as Wakefield Art Gallery, which spans the Old Masters to the twentieth century.
The gallery was designed by British architect David Chipperfield, who won an architectural design competition managed by RIBA Competitions and was built by Laing O'Rourke with funding from Wakefield Council, Arts Council England and the Heritage Lottery Fund. Yorkshire Forward, the Homes and Communities Agency, and the European Regional Development Fund have also supported the building of the gallery alongside a number of charitable trusts, corporations and private individuals. The Hepworth Wakefield is a registered charity under English law.
The gallery cost £35 million to build. Five weeks after opening it had received 100,000 visitors. In May 2012 it celebrated its first birthday, having received over 500,000 visitors in the year. In October 2015, the gallery launched the £30,000 biennial Hepworth Prize for Sculpture as part of the celebrations marking its 5th anniversary.
Architecture
The Hepworth Wakefield is a structure composed of ten trapezoidal blocks; its upper-level galleries are lit by natural light from large windows in the pitched roofs. Its windows have views of the river, historic waterfront and the city skyline. The building's façade is clad with self-compacting pigmented concrete made on site, the first of its kind in the United Kingdom. The architects selected the material to emphasise the gallery's sculptural appearance. The gallery has ground-floor visitor facilities, including a café bar overlooking the river, a learning studio, a 100-seat auditorium and shop. The building's brutalist design is not universally popular with local people.
Collection
The Hepworth Wakefield's of purpose-built gallery space houses 44 plaster and aluminum working models donated by Dame Barbara Hepworth's family and temporary exhibitions of contemporary art. Items from Wakefield's art collection which spans the 16th century to the present day are on display, including works by Henry Moore, who was born in Castleford in the Wakefield district, Ben Nicholson, Graham Sutherland, Paul Nash, Jacob Epstein, Walter Sickert, Anthony Caro, Ivon Hitchens, LS Lowry, and David Hockney.
The gallery is a partner of Plus Tate, a project aimed at increasing public access to the national collection of British and international modern and contemporary art.
In 2016 former BBC news writer and art collector Tim Sayer gave his collection of more than 400 works of art to the Hepworth as a bequest in his will. The "Tim Sayer Bequest" includes pieces by David Hockney, Gerhard Richter, Henry Moore, Alexander Calder and Bridget Riley and has been hailed as one of the most generous of its kind. Sayer was made an MBE in the 2017 Queen's Birthday Honours for services to art and philanthropy.
Awards
A year after opening, The Hepworth Wakefield was named Regional Building of the Year for 2012 by the Royal Institute of British Architects. The gallery was short-listed for the Art Fund Prize in 2012. In July 2017, the gallery was named the United Kingdom's Museum of the Year.
See also
Barbara Hepworth Museum
References
External links
Art museums established in 2011
Art museums and galleries in West Yorkshire
Buildings and structures in Wakefield
Tourist attractions in Wakefield
Museums in West Yorkshire
Modern art museums
Contemporary art galleries in England
2011 establishments in England
Charities based in West Yorkshire
David Chipperfield buildings
William Paterson (5 March 1897 – 31 July 1970) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a centre forward. He began his career in Scotland in the 1910s and switched to English football twice. In 1926, he joined the American Soccer League where he led the league in scoring in the fall 1929 season.
Career
Known as either Bill or Willie, Paterson spent time with Cowdenbeath and Rangers in Scotland before moving to Derby County of The Football League in 1921. He spent two seasons with Derby, where he was relegated from the First Division in 1921, before rejoining Cowdenbeath. He also spent time with Armadale. He then played with Coventry City during the 1925–26 season.
In the fall of 1926, he moved to the United States where he signed with the Springfield Babes of the American Soccer League. Paterson played only 13 games of the 1925–26 season with Springfield before jumping to the Fall River Marksmen, where he was reunited with the Egyptian Tewfik Abdullah with whom he played at Derby County, for 20 games. He did not finish the season with Fall River, but moved to the New Bedford Whalers for seven games. He spent the full 1927–28 season in New Bedford, but was transferred to the Providence Gold Bugs seven games into the 1928–29 season and would serve the club as player-manager. He finished the 1929 fall season as the league's leading scorer with 27 goals in 22 games. In 1930, Paterson began the season with the New Bedford Whalers only to jump to the Brooklyn Wanderers. He then played the fall 1931 season with Fall River.
Personal life
Paterson was the son of football manager Sandy Paterson and played under his father's management at Cowdenbeath. He had a half brother Archie Paterson who was also a footballer. He served as a gunner in the Royal Field Artillery during the First World War and served overseas before being demobbed in 1919.
References
External links
Derby County career details
1970 deaths
Scottish footballers
Cowdenbeath F.C. players
Armadale F.C. players
Derby County F.C. players
Coventry City F.C. players
American Soccer League (1921–1933) players
Springfield Babes players
Fall River Marksmen players
New Bedford Whalers players
Providence Gold Bug players
Brooklyn Wanderers players
Fall River F.C. players
English Football League players
Scottish Football League players
Rangers F.C. players
Scottish expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Scottish expatriate footballers
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Footballers from Fife
People from Hill of Beath
1897 births
Scottish football managers
Scottish expatriate football managers
Scottish Football League managers
American Soccer League (1921–1933) coaches
British Army personnel of World War I
Royal Field Artillery soldiers
Cowdenbeath F.C. managers
Association football forwards
Circulus arteriosus major, also called "major circulus arteriosus of iris" CIA or CIAM, is formed by anastomosis of the anterior ciliary arteries with the Long posterior ciliary arteries at the ciliary body. It supplies the iris, ciliary body and choroid.
The veinous drainage of CIA is : 4 vortex veins that drain into the ophthalmic vein.
References
Veins of the head and neck
Golden period may refer to:
Golden hour (medicine)
Golden hour (photography)
Golden Age (disambiguation)
Golden Time (disambiguation)
NHL 2K7 is an ice hockey video game made by 2K Sports, and published on the PlayStation 3, PlayStation 2, Xbox, and Xbox 360 consoles. It features San Jose Sharks centre Joe Thornton on its cover. Bob Cole and Harry Neale return from NHL 2K6 to provide commentary. David Vyborny appeared on the cover of the PS2 version in the Czech Republic.
New features in the rug include improved animations that are mainly geared towards skating. 2K7 also includes a new gameplay setting called "Cinemotion". This feature uses close up camera angles as well as dramatic music to capture the intensity of the game.
The game was also the first ice hockey simulation to be made for the PlayStation 3.
Reception
The game received "generally favorable reviews" on all platforms except the PlayStation 2 version, which received "average" reviews, according to the review aggregation website Metacritic.
See also
NHL 2K
References
External links
Official Website
2K Sports games
07
Ice hockey video games
Xbox games
Xbox 360 games
PlayStation 2 games
PlayStation 3 games
2006 video games
Video games developed in the United States
Video games set in 2006
Video games set in 2007
Take-Two Interactive games
The Secret of Black Mountain is a 1917 silent film western short directed by Otto Hoffman and starring Vola Vale.
An incomplete print is preserved in the Library of Congress collection.
Cast
Vola Vale - Miriam Vale
Philo McCullough - Blake Stanley
Charles Dudley - Ed Stanley
George Austin - George Cooper (* as Frank Austin)
Henry Crawford - Barton
Mignon LeBrun - Sarah Stanley
James Warner - Henry Stanley
Lewis King - Jake DeWitt
Jack McLaughlin - Jim Vale
Gibson Gowland - Jack Rance
H. C. Russell - Old Bill
References
External links
1917 films
1917 Western (genre) films
American black-and-white films
American silent short films
Silent American Western (genre) films
1910s American films
Curtis White may refer to:
Curtis White (author) (active from 1981), American essayist and author
Curtis White (cyclist) (born 1995), American cyclist
"Curtis White" (1932–2012), pseudonym for a gay man used in a 1954 television interview
Curt White (born 1962), American weightlifter
Grypoceras is a coiled nautiloid cephalopod from the Triassic of western North America, southern Asia, and Europe that belongs to the nautilid family Grypoceratidae. Named by Alpheus Hyatt in 1883, the shell of Grypoceras is essentially involute with a subtriangular cross-section, the widest across the umbilical shoulders, with flanks fairing toward a narrow flattened venter. Sutures on flanks are with smooth, deep lobes and with shallow ventral lobes.
The earlier, related Domatoceras is evolute, with a more quadrate whorl section. Gryponautilus, from the Upper Triassic, is more strongly involute and has a sharply keeled venter.
References
Bernhard Kummel, 1964, Nautiloidea-Nautilida. Treatise on Invertebrate Paleontology, Part K. Geological Society of America and University of Kansas Press.
Paleobiology Database Grypoceras entry accessed 7 July 2012
Nautiloids
Monroe County is a county located in the central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 26,424. The county seat is Forsyth. The county was created on May 15, 1821. The county was named for James Monroe.
Monroe County is included in the Macon, GA Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.5%) is water. It is located in the Piedmont region of the state.
The vast majority of Monroe County is located in the Upper Ocmulgee River sub-basin of the Altamaha River basin, with just a tiny southwestern corner of the county, west of a line between Yatesville and Culloden, located in the Upper Flint River sub-basin of the ACF River Basin (Apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint River Basin).
Major highways
Interstate 75
Interstate 475
U.S. Route 23
U.S. Route 41
U.S. Route 341
State Route 7
State Route 18
State Route 19
State Route 42
State Route 74
State Route 83
State Route 87
State Route 401 (unsigned designation for I-75)
State Route 408 (unsigned designation for I-475)
Adjacent counties
Butts County (north)
Jasper County (northeast)
Jones County (east)
Bibb County (southeast)
Crawford County (south)
Upson County (southwest)
Lamar County (west)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 21,757 people, 7,719 households, and 6,005 families living in the county. The population density was 21/km2 (55/mi2). There were 8,425 housing units at an average density of 8/km2 (21/mi2). The racial makeup of the county was 70.36% White, 27.93% Black, 0.35% Native American, 0.34% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 0.25% from other races, and 0.74% from two or more races. 1.29% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 7,719 households, out of which 35.80% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.60% were married couples living together, 13.80% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.20% were non-families. 18.90% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.40% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.74 and the average family size was 3.12.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 26.30% under the age of 18, 8.30% from 18 to 24, 30.40% from 25 to 44, 24.70% from 45 to 64, and 10.30% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.40 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.20 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $44,195, and the median income for a family was $51,093. Males had a median income of $34,433 versus $22,146 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,580. About 7.30% of families and 9.80% of the population were below the poverty line, including 12.00% of those under age 18 and 13.30% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 26,424 people, 9,662 households, and 7,157 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 10,710 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 73.3% white, 23.7% black or African American, 0.8% Asian, 0.3% American Indian, 0.9% from other races, and 1.0% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.0% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 14.7% were American, 13.1% were English, 9.9% were German, and 9.5% were Irish.
Of the 9,662 households, 33.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.2% were married couples living together, 13.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 25.9% were non-families, and 21.9% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.03. The median age was 41.3 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $48,297 and the median income for a family was $61,110. Males had a median income of $41,409 versus $32,810 for females. The per capita income for the county was $23,656. About 9.8% of families and 12.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 15.3% of those under age 18 and 12.9% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 27,957 people, 9,760 households, and 6,179 families residing in the county.
Communities
Cities
Culloden
Forsyth
Census-designated place
Bolingbroke
Juliette
Smarr
Unincorporated communities
Berner
Blount
Brent
High Falls
Russellville
Strouds
Politics
Education
All parts of the county are in the Monroe County School District.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Monroe County, Georgia
References
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1826 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1826
Macon metropolitan area, Georgia
The Lady Aoi (, Banou Aoi) was a 1998 production of Yukio Mishima's play of the same name in Persian translation, which was produced and directed by Bahram Beyzai in his as yet only production of a play by a playwright other than himself.
Production
After about 18 years of no theater work since Death of Yazdgerd (1979), in 1997 Beyzai, at the indication of the officials of the new government of Mohammad Khatami (1997–2005), returned to Tehran from his brief stay in Strasbourg at the invitation of the International Parliament of Writers. He was given the green light to stage a play if he wished so.
Earlier, Beyzai had translated Aoi no Ue, the Noh on which Mishima based his The Lady Aoi, into Persian. Now, finding out that Mojdeh Shamsaie, his wife, had acting in The Lady Aoi on her mind as her graduate work, he decided to produce this play for her. Huge popular interest made this performance a public event: instead of a single university performance, the play remained on stage for months, and audiences welcomed it greatly.
Cast
Rokujo . . . Mojdeh Shamsaie
Hikaru . . . Parsa Pirouzfar
Nurse . . . Mahshad Mokhberi
Subsequently, Mojdeh Shamsaie, already Beyzai's wife since 1992, became a fixed actress in all of his films and stage plays. She had first appeared in Beyzai's film Travelers in 1991.
Reception
Most of the Persian critics and playwrights, among them Hamid Amjad, Shahram Jafarinejad and Hossein Kiani, responded favorably to the play. Amjad compared Beyzai's worldview with Mishima's. Jafarinejad admired the actresses as well as the actor (Pirouzfar) whom he considered less successful, but still quite agreeable. Kiani praised Beyzai's mise-en-scène and minor modifications.
Notes
References
Persian Wikipedia contributors
Bahram Beyzai
1998 plays
Stage productions by Bahram Beyzai
Yukio Mishima
Festo Kivengere (1919–1988) was a Ugandan Anglican leader sometimes referred to as "the Billy Graham of Africa". He played a huge role in a Christian revival in southwestern Uganda, but had to flee in 1973 to neighboring Kenya in fear for his life after speaking out against Idi Amin's tyrannical behavior.
Kivengere had been made bishop of Kigezi and was among several bishops summoned to Amin's quarters. Angry mobs called for their deaths. Eventually, all were permitted to leave but one, the archbishop, Janani Luwum. The others waited for Luwum to join them but he never came out. The next day the government announced that Luwum had died in an automobile accident. Four days later, despite government threats, 45,000 Ugandans gathered in the Anglican cathedral in Kampala for a memorial service honoring their fallen leader. Kivengere did not attend the service. Urged to flee by friends who said, "One dead bishop is enough," he and his wife that night drove as far as their vehicle could take them and with the help of local church people in the hills they walked until the next morning brought them to safety across the border in Rwanda.
He later authored the book I Love Idi Amin to emphasize the qualities of forgiveness for those who wronged you and love of those who persecute you. Kivengere stated, "On the cross, Jesus said, 'Father, forgive them, because they know not what they do.' As evil as Idi Amin is, how can I do less toward him?" A second article about Kivengere is found in the same online dictionary.
Bishop Festo was invited by Michael Cassidy to join African Enterprise in 1969 and to build up a team of AE evangelists in East Africa.
In 1975, Kivengere shared the Bible Expositor post at Eurofest '75 with Luis Palau. Eurofest '75 was co-sponsored by the Billy Graham organisation and was held in Brussels, Belgium at the Palais du Centenaire and the Heysel Stadium from 24 July til 2 August.
He returned to Uganda after Amin's downfall to continue an active ministry until his death by leukemia in 1988.
Kivengere was known as a great storyteller and often thrilled his own and other's children with his storytelling skills. A favorite story of his: "One day a little girl sat watching her mother working in the kitchen. She asked her mummy, 'What does God do all day long?' For a while the mother was stumped, but then she said, 'Darling, I'll tell you what God does all day long. He spends his whole day mending broken things.'"
Notes and references
Bibliography
Coomes, Anne (1990). Festo Kivengere Eastbourne: Monarch. . Authorised biography.
1919 births
1988 deaths
Evangelical Anglicans
Ugandan Anglicans
Ugandan evangelicals
Ugandan exiles
Sir Richard Rustom Kharsedji Sorabji, (born 8 November 1934) is a British historian of ancient Western philosophy, and Professor of Philosophy Emeritus at King's College London. He has written his 'Intellectual Autobiography' in his Festschrift: R. Salles ed., Metaphysics, Soul and Ethics in Ancient Thought (Oxford, 2005), 1–36. He is the nephew of Cornelia Sorabji, the first woman to practice law in Britain and India.
Life
Sorabji is an ethnic Parsi with roots in India. He was born in Oxford and he was educated at the Dragon School and Charterhouse. After two years National Service, he attended Pembroke College, Oxford, from 1955 to 1959 on the Boulter and Radcliffe Scholarship. He took second-class degrees (see Oxford University Calendar, 1958 p. 312 and 1960, p. 323) in 'Greek and Latin Literature' in 1957 and in 'Literae Humaniores' in 1959. Sorabji subsequently spent some time teaching at his old prep school before completing a B.Phil. at Oxford under Gwil Owen and John Ackrill.
Sorabji's first academic post was at Cornell University in 1962, where he became associate professor in 1968, while working also as an editor of the Philosophical Review. In 1970, he returned to England and joined the faculty of King's College London, where he was appointed Professor of Ancient Philosophy in 1981. His main interest has been Aristotle on whom he published his first books - Aristotle on Memory in 1972 (an annotated translation with introductory essays) and (as co-editor) four volumes of Articles on Aristotle from 1975 to 1979. He went on to write three books on the ancient philosophy of physics: Necessity, Cause and Blame (1980), Time, Creation, and the Continuum (1983), and Matter, Space, and Motion (1988).
Sorabji was President of the Aristotelian Society from 1985 to 1986 and founded the international Ancient Commentators on Aristotle project in 1987. The aim of this project has been to publish the first translations into English of mostly Greek philosophical texts from the period 200–600 A.D, mainly commentaries on Aristotelian works. 100 volumes have been published up the end of 2012, many of them translating the commentaries on Aristotle into English for the first time. Sorabji has himself contributed introductions to some of the volumes, as well as a general introduction to the commentators reprinted in many of the volumes. He lists the translations on his official website.
Sorabji has written essays and a book on M. K. Gandhi. He compares Gandhi to Stoic philosophy so that both Gandhian philosophy of life and Stoicism are illuminated.
Sorabji became a fellow of the British Academy in 1989. He founded the King's College Centre for Philosophical Studies between 1989 and 1991, with the aim of promoting philosophy to the wider public. He was Director of the Institute of Classical Studies from 1991 to 1996 and British Academy Research Professor at Oxford from 1996 to 1999. He gave Gifford Lectures in 1996 and 1997, which were later published in 2000 as Emotion and Peace of Mind: From Stoic Agitation to Christian Temptation. He was made a foreign honorary member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1999. Sorabji retired from King's College in 2000 and subsequently held teaching positions as Professor of Rhetoric at Gresham College, London from 2000 to 2003, adjunct professor at the University of Texas at Austin from 2000, distinguished visiting scholar at New York University from 2000 to 2003, and visiting professor at City University of New York from 2004. In 2008, he became Cyprus Global Distinguished Professor at New York University. Sorabji is an Honorary Fellow of Wolfson College, Oxford, a Fellow of King's College and a Research Fellow of the Institute of Classical Studies.
Sorabji was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in 1999 for his services to ancient philosophy, and knighted in the 2014 Birthday Honours for services to philosophical scholarship.
Publications
Aristotle on Memory (1972)
Articles on Aristotle, with J. Barnes and M. Schofield, Vol. 1: Science, Vol. 2: Ethics and Politics, Vol. 3: Metaphysics, Vol. 4: Psychology and Aesthetics (1975–79)
Necessity, Cause and Blame (1980)
Time, Creation and the Continuum (1983)
Ed. Philoponus and the Rejection of Aristotelian Science (1987; enlarged ed. 2, 2008)
Matter, Space and Motion (1988)
Ed. Aristotle Transformed (1990)
Animal Minds and Human Morals (1993)
Ed. Aristotle and After (1997)
Emotion and Peace of Mind: From Stoic Agitation to Christian Temptation (2000)
Ed. with the late R.W. Sharples, The Philosophy of Commentators, 200–400 A.D. (2003–2005)
The Self: Insights from Different Times and Places (2005).
Ed. with D. Rodin, The Ethics of War (2006)
Opening Doors: The Untold Story of Cornelia Sorabji (2010)
The Stoics and Gandhi: Modern Experiments on Ancient Values (2012)
Perception, Conscience and Will in Ancient Philosophy (Variorum Collected Studies Series: CS 1030) (2013)
Moral Conscience through the Ages: Fifth Century BCE to the Present (2014)
Plus 73 articles and two poems.
References
Further reading
See the entry on him in the Dictionary of Twentieth-Century British Philosophers (2005), vol. 2, 980–983.
External links
Richard Sorabji academic website
Sorabji on Gandhi
Cornell University faculty
1934 births
Living people
People from Oxford
People educated at The Dragon School
People educated at Charterhouse School
Alumni of Pembroke College, Oxford
Fellows of the British Academy
Fellows of Wolfson College, Oxford
Academics of King's College London
Fellows of King's College London
20th-century English philosophers
Aristotelian philosophers
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
English historians of philosophy
Knights Bachelor
Professors of Gresham College
Parsi people
British scholars of ancient Greek philosophy
Presidents of the Aristotelian Society
English people of Indian descent
British people of Parsi descent
The Iglesia de Santo Toribio de Mogrovejo is a Catholic church located in the historic center of Cartagena de Indias, in Bolívar Department, Colombia, specifically in the northwestern corner of Plaza Fernández de Madrid, at the intersection of Calle Curato and Calle del Sargento Mayor, in Barrio San Diego. Its construction began in 1666, becoming the last church in the city to be built during the colonial period, and suspended at the stage of foundation construction, it was restarted in 1730 and completed in 1732. Due to its historical value, it was declared a national monument in 1995 along with other buildings in the city.
Among its relics, the main altarpiece is still preserved. Under the choir, the temple has a Mudéjar ceiling of indisputable Córdoban influence, as also happens with the alfarje (carved wood ceiling) and with the almizate (flat and central part of the coffered ceilings) of the main altar. Carpentry from Cartagena is beautifully represented in the two access doors to the sacristy, also the colonial font of Carrara marble in the sacristy is a masterpiece. In this also stand out the two artistic holy water fonts and the sink, pieces of alabaster elaborately carved, in the Sevillian Renaissance style.
Inside you can also see some mural paintings, which survived the lime cover; and the Baroque-style main altar, restored at the end of the 19th century and regilded in 1953 by master Emiliano Luque García.
Its advocation was Saint Turibius of Mogrovejo.
See also
List of colonial buildings in Cartagena, Colombia
References
Buildings and structures in Cartagena, Colombia
1666 establishments in the Spanish Empire
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1732
Spanish Colonial architecture in Colombia
"Exes and OMGs" is the eighth episode of the seventh season of the mystery drama television series Pretty Little Liars, which aired on August 16, 2016, on the cable network Freeform. The hundred and forty-eighth episode, it was directed by Kimberly McCullough and written by Charlie Craig. "Exes and OMGs" received a Nielsen rating of 0.6 and was viewed by 1.11 million viewers, down from the previous episode. It received positive reviews from critics.
The series revolves around a group of five women—collectively known as Liars—, who receive anonymous messages in the form of threats from an unknown person named A.D., while they struggle to survive a life with danger. In this episode, the Liars go in search for answers about Mary Drake's second child, while Hanna decides to address the problem face-to-face.
Plot
At night, the Liars and Caleb (Tyler Blackburn) are at Rosewood's main street, talking about the possibility of Noel Kahn being A.D., and Alison (Sasha Pieterse) reveals that Noel pushed a girl off the stairs in a party the Liars attended years ago. Hanna (Ashley Benson) insists that Noel is A.D., but the girls are indecisive, what makes Hanna angry. Caleb starts talking with Hanna about A.D., but a car interrupts them and ends up running over Caleb. Hanna sees Noel (Brant Daugherty) driving the car and screams. However, she wakes up and finds it was just a dream. A worried Hanna then goes to Caleb's and finds him hard at work trying to discover what is behind Mary Drake's files. Before Hanna leaves, he gives her a bug-free new phone.
Aria (Lucy Hale) struggles with the possibility of Nicole being alive, and her relationship with Ezra (Ian Harding) becomes strained when she reveals that she deleted Nicole's call from his phone. Alison decides to return to work as a teacher at Rosewood High, but her students end up playing a trick on her. Emily (Shay Mitchell) receives a job-offer from principal Hackett (John O'Brien) to work as a swim coach at the school, and finds out that Paige (Lindsey Shaw) has returned to Rosewood and is also a candidate for the job. Spencer and Aria get together to find Dr. Cochran, with whom Noel was talking to the day before, and discover that he was responsible for the birth of both Mary Drake's children when she was hospitalized in Radley.
Emily tries to convince Ezra that Aria deleted Nicole's call with only the best intentions. Hanna receives a strange visit from Mrs. Grunwald (Meg Foster), who says Hanna is in danger and increases Hanna's fear in relation to Noel. Paige reveals to Emily that she almost joined the Olympics, but a car accident ended up destroying that possibility. Aria buys a ticket for Ezra to get him closer to the latest news on Nicole, delaying their wedding. Hanna goes rogue and decides to work alone in an unknown plan to take down A.D. once and for all.
Production
The episode was directed by Kimberly McCullough, her second credit as a director on the series, the first one being the thirteenth episode of the sixth season. The writing for the episode was handled by Charlie Craig, who served as writer on the second season, and returned as executive producer, co-showrunner and writer for the seventh season. This installment features the guest appearances of Brant Daugherty as Noel Kahn, Lindsey Shaw as Paige McCullers, Lulu Brud as Sabrina, Meg Foster as Carla Grunwald, John O'Brien as Arthur Hackett, Keith Szarabajka as Dr. E. Cochran, Sprague Grayden as Dr. Cochran, and Dalton Cyr as Luke.
Reception
Broadcasting and ratings
"Exes and OMGs" was first aired in the U.S. on August 16, 2016 for a viewership of 1.11 million Americans, and garnered a 0.6 rating in the 18–49 demographic, according to Nielsen Media Research. Values from this episode had a decrease from the previous episode, "Original G'A'ngsters." This episode is rated TV-14. After Live +3 DVR ratings, the episode tied for the seventh spot in Adults 18-49, finishing with a 1.1 rating among adults aged 18–49, and aired to a total viewership of 1.97 million, placing in the fifteenth spot in viewership.
Reviews
Paul Dailly of the TVFanatic gave the episode 3.6 out of 5 stars, calling it as "crazy," and wrote: "The stage is set for a solid conclusion to this half of the season, but who won't make it out alive?" Writing for the website SpoilerTV, Gavin Hetherington called the episode as "average", stating: "I think I would have liked it more if they didn't beat around the bush and try too hard to avoid certain things. It slows down the plot, and to me, this episode didn't move to the pace I wanted it too. At least give us something more." In contrast, Jessica Goldstein of Vulture wrote a mixed review for the episode, saying: "It's possible that I've said this before, but I think we have really, truly crossed over to a realm where Pretty Little Liars has no plot at all. Not like 'the plot doesn't make any sense,' a conundrum faced many a time in Rosewood. We are operating in a universe with a total absence of plot."
References
External links
Pretty Little Liars episodes
2016 American television episodes
Iino Tameike Dam is an earthfill dam located in Gifu Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for irrigation. The catchment area of the dam is 7.3 km2. The dam impounds about 2 ha of land when full and can store 120 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was completed in 1959.
References
Dams in Gifu Prefecture
1959 establishments in Japan
In fluid dynamics the Borda–Carnot equation is an empirical description of the mechanical energy losses of the fluid due to a (sudden) flow expansion. It describes how the total head reduces due to the losses. This is in contrast with Bernoulli's principle for dissipationless flow (without irreversible losses), where the total head is a constant along a streamline. The equation is named after Jean-Charles de Borda (1733–1799) and Lazare Carnot (1753–1823).
This equation is used both for open channel flow and in pipe flows. In parts of the flow where the irreversible energy losses are negligible, Bernoulli's principle can be used.
Formulation
The Borda–Carnot equation is:
where
ΔE is the fluid's mechanical energy loss,
ξ is an empirical loss coefficient, which is dimensionless and has a value between zero and one, 0 ≤ ξ ≤ 1,
ρ is the fluid density,
v1 and v2 are the mean flow velocities before and after the expansion.
In case of an abrupt and wide expansion the loss coefficient is equal to one. In other instances, the loss coefficient has to be determined by other means, most often from empirical formulae (based on data obtained by experiments). The Borda–Carnot loss equation is only valid for decreasing velocity, v1 > v2, otherwise the loss ΔE is zero – without mechanical work by additional external forces there cannot be a gain in mechanical energy of the fluid.
The loss coefficient ξ can be influenced by streamlining. For example, in case of a pipe expansion, the use of a gradual expanding diffuser can reduce the mechanical energy losses.
Relation to the total head and Bernoulli's principle
The Borda–Carnot equation gives the decrease in the constant of the Bernoulli equation. For an incompressible flow the result is – for two locations labelled 1 and 2, with location 2 downstream to 1 – along a streamline:
with
p1 and p2 the pressure at location 1 and 2,
z1 and z2 the vertical elevation – above some reference level – of the fluid particle, and
g the gravitational acceleration.
The first three terms, on either side of the equal sign are respectively the pressure, the kinetic energy density of the fluid and the potential energy density due to gravity. As can be seen, pressure acts effectively as a form of potential energy.
In case of high-pressure pipe flows, when gravitational effects can be neglected, ΔE is equal to the loss Δ(p+½ρv2):
For open channel flows, ΔE is related to the total head loss ΔH as:
with H the total head:
where h is the hydraulic head – the free surface elevation above a reference datum: h = z + p/(ρg).
Examples
Sudden expansion of a pipe
The Borda–Carnot equation is applied to the flow through a sudden expansion of a horizontal pipe. At cross-section 1, the mean flow velocity is equal to v1, the pressure is p1 and the cross-sectional area is A1. The corresponding flow quantities at cross-section 2 – well behind the expansion (and regions of separated flow) – are v2, p2 and A2, respectively. At the expansion, the flow separates and there are turbulent recirculating flow zones with mechanical energy losses. The loss coefficient ξ for this sudden expansion is approximately equal to one: ξ ≈ 1.0. Due to mass conservation, assuming a constant fluid density ρ, the volumetric flow rate through both cross-sections 1 and 2 has to be equal:
so
Consequently – according to the Borda–Carnot equation – the mechanical energy loss in this sudden expansion is:
The corresponding loss of total head ΔH is:
For this case with ξ = 1, the total change in kinetic energy between the two cross-sections is dissipated. As a result, the pressure change between both cross-sections is (for this horizontal pipe without gravity effects):
and the change in hydraulic head h = z + p/(ρg):
The minus signs, in front of the right-hand sides, mean that the pressure (and hydraulic head) are larger after the pipe expansion.
That this change in the pressures (and hydraulic heads), just before and after the pipe expansion, corresponds with an energy loss becomes clear when comparing with the results of Bernoulli's principle. According to this dissipationless principle, a reduction in flow speed is associated with a much larger increase in pressure than found in the present case with mechanical energy losses.
Sudden contraction of a pipe
In case of a sudden reduction of pipe diameter, without streamlining, the flow is not able to follow the sharp bend into the narrower pipe. As a result, there is flow separation, creating recirculating separation zones at the entrance of the narrower pipe. The main flow is contracted between the separated flow areas, and later on expands again to cover the full pipe area.
There is not much head loss between cross-section 1, before the contraction, and cross-section 3, the vena contracta at which the main flow is contracted most. But there are substantial losses in the flow expansion from cross-section 3 to 2. These head losses can be expressed by using the Borda–Carnot equation, through the use of the coefficient of contraction μ:
with A3 the cross-sectional area at the location of the strongest main flow contraction 3, and A2 the cross-sectional area of the narrower part of the pipe. Since A3 ≤ A2, the coefficient of contraction is less than one: μ ≤ 1. Again there is conservation of mass, so the volume fluxes in the three cross-sections are a constant (for constant fluid density ρ):
with v1, v2 and v3 the mean flow velocity in the associated cross-sections. Then, according to the Borda–Carnot equation (with loss coefficient ξ=1), the energy loss ΔE per unit of fluid volume and due to the pipe contraction is:
The corresponding loss of total head ΔH can be computed as ΔH = ΔE/(ρg).
According to measurements by Weisbach, the contraction coefficient for a sharp-edged contraction is approximately:
Derivation from the momentum balance for a sudden expansion
For a sudden expansion in a pipe, see the figure above, the Borda–Carnot equation can be derived from mass- and momentum conservation of the flow. The momentum flux S (i.e. for the fluid momentum component parallel to the pipe axis) through a cross-section of area A is – according to the Euler equations:
Consider the conservation of mass and momentum for a control volume bounded by cross-section 1 just upstream of the expansion, cross-section 2 downstream of where the flow re-attaches again to the pipe wall (after the flow separation at the expansion), and the pipe wall. There is the control volume's gain of momentum S1 at the inflow and loss S2 at the outflow. Besides, there is also the contribution of the force F by the pressure on the fluid exerted by the expansion's wall (perpendicular to the pipe axis):
where it has been assumed that the pressure is equal to the close-by upstream pressure p1.
Adding contributions, the momentum balance for the control volume between cross-sections 1 and 2 gives:
Consequently, since by mass conservation :
in agreement with the pressure drop Δp in the example above.
The mechanical energy loss ΔE is:
which is the Borda–Carnot equation (with ξ = 1).
See also
Darcy–Weisbach equation
Prony equation
Notes
References
, 634 pp.
, 634 pp.
, 706 pp.
Equations of fluid dynamics
Fluid dynamics
Hydraulics
Piping
Helladius of Tarsus was a Christian bishop of Tarsus. He was condemned at the First Council of Ephesus (431) and appealed to the pope in 433.
Prior to the Council of Ephesus he had been a disciple of Theodocius of Antioch and following that was head of a monastery at Rhosus in Cilicia before being made a bishop.
Before the Council he was one of the voices who called for the Council to be delayed until John of Antioch could arrive and one of the bishops who joined Johns counter Council.
At the Council he was voice of conciliation, taking a middle ground and keeping relations with both Parties in the Nestorian dispute. The victory of the Alexandrain/Roman factions saw his conciliatory stance as suspect and he was forced into Excel for a few years after the Council. He appealed to the Pope in Rome who restored him to his bishopric.
In 433 he held a Synod at Tarsus which anathamatised those who had anathamatised him and his fellow objectors.
Pressure from Theoderat and the emperor Theodosius caused him to retract his position much to the distress of his former allies.
References
Catholic Encyclopedia, s.v. Tarsus
5th-century bishops in Roman Anatolia
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
People from Tarsus, Mersin
Michael Velo (22 May 1851 – November 1929) was a Norwegian businessperson and politician for the Coalition Party.
Born in Jevnaker as a son of farmers Erik Olsen Velo and Karen Olsdatter, he graduated from Asker Seminary in 1869 and worked as a teacher until 1882. He then settled in Larvik to become a businessman. He was the manager of Larvik Potetmelfabrikk from 1898.
He was a member of Larvik city council from 1889 to 1909, serving eight years as mayor. He was elected to the Parliament of Norway in 1906, representing the urban constituency of Larvik og Sandefjord. With Julius Christensen as running mate, he edged out the Social Democratic candidate and two Liberal candidates (one of these was a totallist). He served only one term. He was also a deputy member from 1895 to 1897 and 1903 to 1906.
Velo was also a board member of Norges Brandkasse and the Bank of Norway branch in Larvik from 1902 to 1927. He chaired Larvik handelsstands forening in 1890–1891 and 1903–1904, and became an honorary member here in 1927. He died in November 1929.
References
1851 births
1929 deaths
People from Jevnaker
People from Larvik
Norwegian schoolteachers
Norwegian businesspeople
Mayors of places in Vestfold
Members of the Storting
Coalition Party (Norway) politicians
Alessandro Argoli (died 1540) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Terracina, Priverno e Sezze (1534–1540).
Biography
On 13 November 1534, Alessandro Argoli was appointed during the papacy of Pope Paul III as Bishop of Terracina, Priverno e Sezze.
He served as Bishop of Terracina, Priverno e Sezze until his death in 1540.
References
External links and additional sources
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
16th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Paul III
1540 deaths
(, German for "homeland-films"; German singular: ) were films of a genre popular in Germany, Switzerland, and Austria from the late 1940s to the early 1960s. Heimat can be translated as "home" (in the geographic sense), "hometown" or "homeland".
History
The genre came to life after the devastation of Germany in World War II, and remained popular from the late 40s to the early 60s. The films suggested a whole, romantic world untouched by war and the hazards of real life. The Berlin-based studio Berolina Film was the driving force behind the development of Heimatfilme.
In the immediate post-World War II era, the idea of is linked to the experience of loss of more than twelve million Germans, known as Vertriebene, who were displaced from the former eastern territories of Germany in its pre-1938 borders. Contemporary concerns with expulsion and re-integration become manifest in many of the more than three hundred that were produced during the 1950s. This is particularly true for the as Johannes von Moltke shows with respect to the 1951 version of The Heath Is Green (Grün ist die Heide). The made during the chancellorships of Konrad Adenauer and Ludwig Erhard present idyllic images of the countryside. Nevertheless, the post-war genre does deal with questions of modernisation, social change and consumerism; it "affords the positive resolution of contemporary social and ideological concerns about territory and identity".
Criteria
Heimatfilme were usually shot in the Alps, the Black Forest, or the Lüneburg Heath, and always involved the outdoors. Their characteristics were their rural settings, sentimental tone and simplistic morality, and they centered on love, friendship, family and non-urban life. They also involved the difference between old and young, tradition and progress, and rural and urban life. The typical plot structure involved both a good and bad guy wanting a girl, conflict ensuing, and the good guy ultimately triumphing to win the girl, making all (except the bad guy) happy.
Legacy
In the late 1960s and the 1970s, young West German film directors associated with New German Cinema set out to challenge many of the cultural assumptions inherent in the Heimatfilm. The results are variously labelled "critical Heimatfilme", "new Heimatfilme", and "anti-Heimatfilme". Examples of such films include Volker Schlöndorff's Man on Horseback (1969) and The Sudden Wealth of the Poor People of Kombach (1970); Peter Fleischmann's Hunting Scenes from Bavaria (1969); Volker Vogeler's Jaider, the Lonely Hunter (1971); Reinhard Hauff's Mathias Kneissl (1970); and Uwe Brandner's I Love You, I Kill You (1971). A more recent example of an anti-Heimatfilm is Michael Haneke's Oscar-nominated The White Ribbon (2009).
The trilogy of films called Heimat by the German director Edgar Reitz (1984, 1992, and 2004) has been described as "post-Heimatfilm" because the director neither sets out to challenge the genre on political or social grounds nor idealizes the past to the extent that earlier Heimatfilme did.
Other cultural spaces
The US heimatfilm is the Western, which shows a larger bandwidth. The film Hearwood (1998) by the German direction of the fifties was close to the genre. It was a rural love story, embedded in an ecologically colored economic conflict between a large-town bank and a village sawmill business.
Overall, there is a lot in common in the development of German home films and US Western. Early Western also showed an idealized world, full of clichés, woodcut characters and simple schemes. They were attributed by the italowesters in the 1960s, but also used a development that led to late westers and anti-Westerns, which draw sometimes pessimistic image like modern home films. Like these, modern Western should also be considered as history movies.
References
Notes
Sources
Cartmell, Deborah; Whelehan, Imelda. The Cambridge Companion to Literature on Screen. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 2007.
Hake, Sabine. German National Cinema. New York: Routledge, 2002.
Moeller, Hans Bernhard; George L Lellis. Volker Schlondorff's Cinema: Adaptation, Politics, and the "Movie-Appropriate". Carbondale: Southern Illinois University Press, 2012.
Von Moltke, Johannes. No Place Like Home: Locations of Heimat in German Cinema. Berkeley: U of California Press, 2005.
Further reading
Höfig, Willi. Der deutsche Heimatfilm 1947–1960 (Stuttgart 1973),
Film genres
Cinema of Austria
Cinema of Germany
Cinema of Switzerland
1940s in film
1950s in film
1960s in film
Damaged in Transit is a live album by bassist Steve Swallow recorded in France in December 2001 and released on the Xtra Watt label in 2003.
Reception
Allmusic awarded the album 4 stars and the review by Thom Jurek states: "Swallow uses the gig forum to explore that preternatural jazz monster: counterpoint. A series of nine numbered items are edited together to sound more or less like one piece; these different selections offer varying sides of the contrapuntal equation. ...each piece is scored in order to provide the maximum opportunity within the melodic structure of a tune for ideas to flow freely as the trio members engage one another. A fine effort.". The Guardian's review by John Fordham said "Damaged In Transit is a no-frills, flat-out, brilliantly executed piece of stylistically-sweeping jazz jamming, with nothing else to listen to but some very long sax solos on very direct and outwardly simple tunes, underpinned by Swallow's elegant bass-playing and Adam Nussbaum's rumbly, Elvin Jones-like drumming". In JazzTimes Stuart Nicholson wrote: "Damaged in Transit is a masterpiece of fin de siecle postbop, a style doomed to perpetual virtuosic recapitulation". BBC reviewer Peter Marsh observed "Swallow's trio engage the head, heart and feet with their unpretentious yet cerebral swing. Unreservedly recommended". On All About Jazz Mark F. Turner noted: "The musical chemistry between the musicians is clear and each one accentuates the other's performance on Damaged in Transit. Recorded live in France in 2001, the concert seems to focus loosely on blending melodies with keen interaction". In Jazz Review John Kelman wrote: "A significant change from the quintet format, this may be Swallow's most intensely engaging album in a career that spans over forty years... What is remarkable about Damaged in Transit is how full the trio sounds. With each instrument always finding its place in an ever-shifting environment, harmonies that are not played seem somehow implied. ...this is an album that continues to cement Swallow's reputation as a writer and bandleader. Walking away from his comfort zone, Swallow enters new territory with Damaged in Transit, and meets it head-on with his usual confidence and dry sense of humour". PopMatters Robert R. Calder noted "this CD opens with the most straightforward unpretentious swinging jazz, and never leaves it behind. That's one clue to its success, although overall the set is, well, chaste or spare or classical in texture and atmosphere. ...The music here is very big on harmony, on the grand underlying plan".
Track listing
All compositions by Steve Swallow.
"Item 1, D.I.T." - 6:24
"Item 2, D.I.T." - 7:15
"Item 3, D.I.T." - 6:08
"Item 4, D.I.T." - 6:35
"Item 5, D.I.T." - 7:19
"Item 6, D.I.T." - 6:04
"Item 7, D.I.T." - 4:49
"Item 8, D.I.T." - 4:56
"Item 9, D.I.T." - 5:50
Personnel
Steve Swallow - bass guitar
Chris Potter - tenor saxophone
Adam Nussbaum - drums
References
Steve Swallow live albums
2003 live albums
Vallonia terraenovae is a species of small, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Valloniidae.
It was described by Gerber in 1996.
Vallonia terraenovae is part of the genus Vallonia and the family of grass snails. No subspecies are listed in the Catalog of Life. The species is part of the Lost Species list prepared by the Global Wildlife Conservation. Its conservation status is Not Evaluated.
References
Valloniidae
Violet Grove is a hamlet in central Alberta, Canada within Brazeau County. It is located southwest of Drayton Valley on Highway 620, approximately southwest of Edmonton.
Demographics
The population of Violet Grove according to the 2005 municipal census conducted by Brazeau County is 141.
See also
List of communities in Alberta
List of hamlets in Alberta
References
Brazeau County
Hamlets in Alberta
The Boucle du Baoulé National Park lies in western Mali, in Kayes Region and Koulikoro Region, set up in 1982. It has an area of 25,330 km² but has little large wildlife. The park is known for its prehistoric rock art and tombs. It is part of the UNESCO "Bouce Du Baoule Biosphere Reserve", along with Badinko Faunal Reserve to the southwest, Fina Faunal Reserve to the south, and Kongossambougou Faunal Reserve to the northeast.
The park
Mali is one of the sub-Saharan countries most affected by drought and over-grazing by livestock, putting its ecology and biodiversity under pressure. The Boucle du Baoulé National Park was created to try to address this issue. It is part of a complex which also includes the Badinko Faunal Reserve, the Fina Faunal Reserve, the Kongossambougou Faunal Reserve and the Bossofola Forest Reserve. These preserved areas consist of desert and semi-desert areas, and include dry, lightly-wooded savannah, riverine forest and thorn scrub. Much of the large animal population in the country occurs in these types of habitat.
Management of the park comes under the National Parks Department of the Ministry of Natural Resources and Animal Husbandry. However the International Union for Conservation of Nature considers that the control of protected areas within the country has been ineffective, with continuing illegal hunting and encroachment on the reserves by villagers for pastoralism and agriculture.
A population of the critically endangered Western chimpanzee is present in the park, where it faces threats from poaching and habitat destruction.
World Heritage Status
This site was added to the UNESCO World Heritage Tentative List on September 8, 1999, as a biosphere reserve in the Cultural category.
References
Rock art in Africa
National parks of Mali
Biosphere reserves of Mali
Kayes Region
Koulikoro Region
Milan Damjanović (, ; 15 October 1943 – 23 May 2006) was a Yugoslavian and Serbian football defender.
At an international level, he played seven matches for the Yugoslav national team and was a participant at Euro 1968.
He also had a coaching career mainly in France, Zambia and Yugoslavia. His nickname was Gica.
References
Reprezentacija.rs profile
1943 births
2006 deaths
Sportspeople from Knin
Serbs of Croatia
Association football defenders
Serbian footballers
Serbian football managers
Yugoslav footballers
Yugoslavia international footballers
UEFA Euro 1968 players
Yugoslav football managers
FK Partizan players
Yugoslav First League players
Angers SCO players
Le Mans FC players
Ligue 1 players
Serbian expatriate footballers
Yugoslav expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in France
Jim Clark (born 1954) is the director of professional scouting for the Ottawa Senators since 2014. Prior to his appointment, Clark scouted for the Detroit Red Wings from 1990 to 1993 and the Florida Panthers from 1996 to 1998. Apart from scouting, Clark was the interim general manager for the Columbus Blue Jackets from April 2007 to June 2007. Outside of the National Hockey League, Clark held coaching positions with the Summerside Western Capitals during the 1980s. With the Island Junior Hockey League team, Clark primarily worked as a general manager while also working as an assistant coach and head coach for Summerside.
Early life
In 1954, Clark was born in Summerside, Prince Edward Island.
Career
Clark began his ice hockey career in the Island Junior Hockey League with the Summerside Western Capitals. Originally an assistant coach for the Capitals from 1981 to 1983, Clark was promoted to general manager in 1983 and head coach in 1984. He remained with the Capitals as their general manager from 1985 to 1989. Clark moved to the National Hockey League in 1990 to become a scout with the Detroit Red Wings. While with the Red Wings, he was named director of hockey operations for Detroit's American Hockey League team Adirondack Red Wings in 1993. Clark left the Red Wings for the Florida Panthers in 1996. With the Panthers, he continued his scouting career until 1998.
In 1998, Clark started a ten-year tenure with the Columbus Blue Jackets as vice-president and assistant general manager. During his time with the Blue Jackets, Clark was named interim general manager in April 2007. Clark was replaced by Scott Howson in June 2007 and remained with Columbus for the rest of the 2007 season. After leaving the Blue Jackets in 2008, Clark began working with the Ottawa Senators as a scout. He was promoted to director of professional scouting for the Senators in 2014.
References
1954 births
Living people
Columbus Blue Jackets executives
Detroit Red Wings scouts
Florida Panthers scouts
Ice hockey people from Prince Edward Island
Ottawa Senators scouts
People from Summerside, Prince Edward Island
Mark Durie (born 1958) is an Australian pastor and scholar in linguistics and theology.
Life and career
Mark Durie was awarded a Ph.D. at the Australian National University in 1984. Subsequently he held visiting appointments at the University of Leiden, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, the University of California, Los Angeles, Stanford University and the University of California, Santa Cruz. From 1987 to 1997 he held positions of postdoctoral fellow, lecturer, senior lecturer, reader and associate professor at the University of Melbourne. Ordained an Anglican deacon and priest in 1999, he has served on the staff of St Mark's Camberwell, St Hilary's Kew, St Mary's Caulfield, St Clement's Elsternwick and St Catharine's South Caulfield. He holds a BTh (Hons), and DipTh from the Australian College of Theology and in 2016 completed a Th.D. with the Australian College of Theology and Melbourne School of Theology.
Durie has published articles and books on the Acehnese language of Aceh, Indonesia, linguistics, the genesis of the Quran and interfaith relations. He was elected to the Australian Academy of the Humanities in 1992.
See also
Al-Fatiha
Works
Journal articles
Durie, Mark. "The So-Called Passive of Acehnese." Language. Linguistic Society of America, Vol. 64, No. 1 (Mar., 1988), pp. 104–113 - Available at Jstor: https://www.jstor.org/stable/414788
() "(Verhandelingen van het Koninklijk Instituut voor Taal-, Land- en Volkenkunde)." Foris Publications, 1985. , .
Durie, Mark. "Proto-Chamic and Acehnese mid vowels : towards Proto-Aceh-Chamic." 1988. (Archive)
Durie, Mark. "Control and decontrol in acehnese." Australian Journal of Linguistics. Volume 5, Issue 1, 1985. p. 43-53. Published online: 14 August 2008. DOI:10.1080/07268608508599335.
Durie, Mark. "Grammatical Relations in Acehnese." Studies in Language, 1987. vol. 11, no2, pp. 365–399. ISSN 0378-4177. DOI 10.1075/sl.11.2.05dur.
Books
Daud, Bukhari and Mark Durie. Kamus bahasa Aceh (Volume 151 of Pacific linguistics). Pacific Linguistics, Research School of Pacific and Asian Studies, Australian National University, 1999. , 9780858835061.
The Third Choice: Islam, Dhimmitude and Freedom. Deror Books, 2010.
Opinion articles
Creed of the Sword. () The Australian. 23 September 2006.
Do Christians and Muslims worship the same God?
From Broken Hill to Martin Place: Individual Jihad Comes to Australia, 1915 to 2015
References
External links
Mark Durie's Website
OLAC resources in and about the Achinese language - Open Language Archives Community
"Christianity: Will the REAL Religion of Peace please step forward!" - PRODOS Worldwide
Living people
Linguists from Australia
Australian Christian theologians
Harkness Fellows
Fellows of the Australian Academy of the Humanities
Recipients of the Centenary Medal
Australian National University alumni
Australian Anglican priests
1958 births
Two human polls comprised the 1958 NCAA University Division football rankings. Unlike most sports, college football's governing body, the NCAA, does not bestow a national championship, instead that title is bestowed by one or more different polling agencies. There are two main weekly polls that begin in the preseason—the AP Poll and the Coaches' Poll.
Legend
AP Poll
The final AP Poll was released on December 1, at the end of the 1958 regular season, weeks before the major bowls. The AP would not release a post-bowl season final poll regularly until 1968.
Final Coaches' poll
The final UPI Coaches Poll was released prior to the bowl games, on
LSU received 29 of the 35 first-place votes; Iowa received four, and one each went to Army and Air Force.
Prior to the 1975 season, the Big Ten and Pacific Coast (later AAWU / Pac-8) conferences allowed only one postseason participant each, for the Rose Bowl.
The Ivy League has prohibited its members from participating in postseason football since the league was officially formed in 1954.
References
College football rankings
Tykhon Cherniaiev (; born March 1, 2010) is a Ukrainian chess prodigy.
Chess career
Tykhon started playing chess at the age of 3.5 y.o.
Became the Ukrainian Chess Record holder at the age of 5 years, when he was able to fulfill the standard of the adult first rank in chess (Elo rating ≈ 1900).
At age of 6 years and 1 months Tykhon received all three FIDE ratings: Standard - 1603, Rapid - 1992, Blitz - 2009.
In February 2017, at age 6, Cherniaiev was featured on TV Channel Ukraine as he took part in a simultaneous exhibition game that ended 4–0 in his favor.
In September 2017, at age 7, he achieved a 50% score in the Ukrainian under-18 championship.
On May 28, 2018, at the age of 8 years 88 days, he became the youngest to defeat an international master in a standard tournament game. This occurred in round 9 at the Ukraine Clubs Teams Championship in Chornomorsk, Odessa Oblast, when Cherniaiev defeated IM Alexey Maly (rated FIDE 2355 at that time). The previous record, which was held by Awonder Liang, was broken by 30 days.
In June 2018, at age 8 years and 4 months, Cherniaiev participated in the 2018 FIDE World Cadet rapid and blitz chess championship held in Minsk. While he was qualified to compete in the under-8 section, he chose to compete in the under-10 section for both the rapid and blitz events. Cherniaiev started as the top seed by 235 rating points in the rapid under-10 section and by 223 rating points in the blitz under-10 section. He won both events and two FIDE-recognized "World Champion" titles.
From September 2016 to November 2018 Tykhon was assisted by grandmaster Alexander Goloshchapov.
From December 2018 to December 2019 Tykhon trained with coach IM Pavel Sevostianov.
In March 2019, at age 9 years, he received his first official FIDE title - Arena Grand Master.
In May 2019 Tykhon became the winner of the 11-th Ukrainian Award "Miracle Child 2019".
In August 2019 in Minsk (Belarus), at the age 9 years and 5 months, Tykhon Cherniaiev became a Vice World Champion in Rapid at the World Cadet Championships under-12 section.
From October 2019 to May 2020 Tykhon has been conducting joint streams with FM Mike Klein on the ChessKid.com.
In February 2020 in Kramatorsk (Ukraine), at the age 9 years and 11 months, Tykhon Cherniaiev became a Champion of Ukraine in Blitz at the Ukraine Chess Championship 2020, boys - U20.
In July 2021 in Kharkiv (Ukraine), at the age 11 years and 4 months, Tykhon Cherniaiev became a Champion of the Kharkiv region among men in Blitz.
In January 2022 he received his second official FIDE title - Candidate Master.
In July 2022 Cherniaiev participated in the 21st European Youth Rapid and Blitz Chess Championship, U12 held in Thessaloniki. Without losing a single game in two events, he became a two-time European Chess Champion in Rapid and Blitz.
Notable games
In February 2018, at age 7 years and 11 months, Cherniaiev won a 3-minute game against FIDE master Eduard Miller (FIDE rating 2334) in 23 moves.
In June 2018, at age 8 years and 3 months, he defeated Grandmaster Francisco Vallejo Pons (FIDE rating 2713) in a 10-minute game.
In February 2019, at age 8 years and 11 months, he won an informal 12-game internet blitz match against Grandmaster Mikhail Golubev with a score of 6.5-5.5 (+5-4=3).
References
External links
Living people
2010 births
Ukrainian chess players
German chess players
Charles Kurtsinger (November 16, 1906 – September 24, 1946) was an American Hall of Fame and National Champion jockey who won the Triple Crown in 1937.
Known as "Charley" and nicknamed "The Flying Dutchman", Kurtsinger was born in Shepherdsville, Kentucky and learned race riding from his jockey father and from veteran rider Mack Garner. Among his career achievements, he won the 1931 Kentucky Derby and Belmont Stakes aboard Twenty Grand and the Preakness Stakes in 1933 with Head Play. However, he is best known as the jockey of U.S. Triple Crown champion War Admiral. In 1931 and 1937, Kurtsinger was the leading U.S. jockey in earnings. Over his career, he won 12.8% of his starts.
Kurtsinger was the jockey on War Admiral in the famous 1938 match race with Seabiscuit. Laura Hillenbrand's bestselling book Seabiscuit: An American Legend recounts the story. In the movie version, Kurtsinger was played by retired Hall of Fame jockey Chris McCarron.
Dealing with an injury that was not healing properly, Kurtsinger retired in 1939. He turned to training but died of complications from pneumonia in 1946 at the age of 39 and was inducted into the United States' National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame in 1967.
References
External links
War Admiral biography
Photo of Charles Kurtsinger aboard Sun Beau
American jockeys
American Champion jockeys
United States Thoroughbred Racing Hall of Fame inductees
1906 births
1946 deaths
People from Shepherdsville, Kentucky
The Federal Correctional Complex, Allenwood (FCC Allenwood) is a United States federal prison complex for male inmates in Pennsylvania. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons, a division of the United States Department of Justice.
The prison property is located in the following townships: Gregg in Union County, and two in Lycoming County: Brady, and Clinton.
Facilities
The complex consists of three facilities:
Federal Correctional Institution, Allenwood Low (FCI Allenwood Low): a low-security facility
Federal Correctional Institution, Allenwood Medium (FCI Allenwood Medium): a medium-security facility
United States Penitentiary, Allenwood (USP Allenwood): a high-security facility
FCC Allenwood is located approximately north of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, the state capital.
Notable inmates
Andrew Auernheimer, hacker better known as "weev"
Carl Andrew Capasso, convicted of tax fraud; died in 2001
James Holmes, perpetrator of the 2012 Aurora, Colorado shooting
LaMarr Hoyt, baseball player, convicted of drug possession
Mohammed Jabbateh, former Liberian warlord known as Jungle Jabbah; convicted of immigration fraud and perjury for lying about being a war criminal in the First Liberian Civil War
Raymond Lederer, Democratic member of the United States House of Representatives, representing Pennsylvania's 3rd congressional district from 1977 to 1981. Convicted of bribery in 1981 after being implicated in the Abscam sting. Died in 2008 at his home.
Bruce Pierce, white supremacist member of The Order and murderer of Jewish talk show host Alan Berg; died in prison in 2010
Tommy Pitera, hitman for the Bonanno crime family; inmate transferred to USP McCreary in Kentucky
John Rigas, former CEO of Adelphia Communications Corporation; released as of February 22, 2016.
Martin Shkreli, former hedge fund manager and CEO of Turing Pharmaceuticals; convicted of two counts of securities fraud and one count of conspiracy to commit securities fraud
In popular culture
Gil Scott-Heron's 1972 song "The King Alfred Plan" references Allenwood FCC as a possible location of one of the concentration camps set up for the CIA to imprison Black Americans in order to suppress a Black uprising, a theory derived from John A. Williams's 1967 novel The Man Who Cried I Am.
See also
List of U.S. federal prisons
Federal Bureau of Prisons
Incarceration in the United States
References
Buildings and structures in Lycoming County, Pennsylvania
Buildings and structures in Union County, Pennsylvania
Allenwood
Allenwood
The rufous-necked foliage-gleaner (Syndactyla ruficollis) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is found in Ecuador and Peru. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
Image at ADW
rufous-necked foliage-gleaner
Birds of Ecuador
Birds of Peru
rufous-necked foliage-gleaner
rufous-necked foliage-gleaner
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Adams
Amesbury
Athol
Attleboro
Chicopee
Clinton
Dalton
Dedham
Fall River
Fitchburg
Framingham
Gardner
Grafton
Greenfield
Haverhill
Holyoke
Hopedale
Hudson
Lawrence
Lowell
Ludlow
Lynn
Maynard
Merrimac
Methuen
Milford
Millbury
Monson
New Bedford
North Adams
North Andover
Northbridge
Orange
Palmer
Pittsfield
Rowley
Russell
Southbridge
Taunton
Uxbridge
Waltham
Ware
Webster
Westborough
Westford
Winchendon
Worcester
Mill villages and districts in Massachusetts
Acushnet Heights Historic District – historic village district in New Bedford
Ballardvale, Massachusetts – a village in Andover
Bondsville, Massachusetts – a village in Palmer
Bradford, Massachusetts – a village in Haverhill
Brookside, Massachusetts – a village in Westford
Cabotville Common Historic District – a historic mill district in Chicopee
Central New Bedford Historic District – historic village district in New Bedford
Church Street Historic District – located in Ware
Dwight Manufacturing Company Housing District – a historic mill district in Chicopee
Farnumsville Historic District – unincorporated mill village in Grafton
Fisherville Historic District – unincorporated mill village in Grafton
Forge Village, Massachusetts – a village in Westford
Gilbertville, Massachusetts – a village in Hardwick
Graniteville, Massachusetts – a village in Westford
Hamilton Woolen Company Historic District – historic mill district in Southbridge
Howland Mill Village Historic District – historic village district in New Bedford
Indian Orchard, now a neighborhood of Springfield. The remainder of Springfield was never a "mill town," but rather oriented toward precision manufacturing, (e.g. the Springfield Armory.)
Ironstone, Massachusetts (also known as South Uxbridge) – a historic village in Uxbridge
Linwood, Massachusetts – mill village in Northbridge
North Uxbridge, Massachusetts – a village within Uxbridge
North Chelmsford, Massachusetts – a historic mill district within Chelmsford, Massachusetts
North Billerica, Massachusetts – a historic mill district within Billerica, Massachusetts
Rogerson's Village Historic District – a historic mill district in Uxbridge
South Barre, Massachusetts – a village in Barre
Turners Falls, Massachusetts – a village in Montague, Massachusetts
Three Rivers, Massachusetts – a village in Palmer
Upton-West Upton, Massachusetts – home to Knowlton Hat Factory
Ware Millyard Historic District – a historic district located in Ware
Weir Village, Massachusetts – a village in Taunton
Wheelockville, Massachusetts and the Wheelockville District – located within Uxbridge
Whitinsville, Massachusetts – mill village in Northbridge
See also
Mill town
Lowell Mill Girls
Industrial Revolution
Mills
Mills
Mills
Mill towns
Massachusetts
Ağızörengüney is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 51 people.
References
Villages in Gerede District
Khalil Ibn Rountree Jr. (born February 26, 1990) is an American mixed martial artist who currently competes in the light heavyweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC).
Background
Rountree was born in Los Angeles, California. When he was two years old, his father was shot and killed in an attempted robbery while working as the tour manager for Boyz II Men. Growing up overweight and self-described as "non-confrontational," Rountree was in a band traveling the country. Eating unhealthy and smoking cigarettes, he decided to begin training after watching The Ultimate Fighter with his brother. At the age of 20 and weighing 300 lbs, Rountree joined Wand Fight Team gym in an attempt to lose weight. After one year of MMA training, Rountree started his MMA amateur career in 2011. Before his UFC 236 fight against Eryk Anders, Rountree trained in Thailand, focusing on Muay Thai.
Mixed martial arts career
Resurrection Fighting Alliance
Rountree had a record of 6–1 in his amateur fights, competing as a Middleweight under the Tuff-N-Uff and King of the Cage (KOTC) banners.
Rountree made his professional debut, as a light heavyweight, with Resurrection Fighting Alliance against Livingston Lukow at RFA 15 on June 6, 2014. Rountree won the fight by unanimous decision.
Rountree was scheduled to face Blake Troop in a 190 lbs catchweight bout at RFA 21 on December 5, 2014. Rountree won the fight by a first-round knockout, after just 39 seconds.
Rountree made his middleweight debut against Cameron Olson at RFA 25 on April 10, 2015. Rountree won the fight by a unanimous decision.
Rountree made his final appearance with RFA against Justin Polendey at RFA 33 on December 11, 2015. Rountree won the fight by first-round knockout.
The Ultimate Fighter
In April 2016, Rountree competed as a fighter on The Ultimate Fighter: Team Joanna vs. Team Cláudia. In the first round, he faced Muhammed DeReese and won via knockout. In the elimination round, he faced Cory Hendricks and lost via submission in the first round.
Later in the show, Hendricks withdrew himself from the competition due to neck injury and Dana White decided to bring back Rountree for the semi-final round. Rountree moved on to faced Josh Stansbury and won via knockout in the first round to advance and face Andrew Sanchez at the finale.
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Rountree made his promotional debut on July 8, 2016 at UFC The Ultimate Fighter 23 Finale for the TUF 23 Light Heavyweight title against Andrew Sanchez. He lost the fight via unanimous decision.
Rountree next faced Tyson Pedro at UFC Fight Night: Whittaker vs. Brunson on November 27, 2016. He was submitted via rear-naked choke in round one.
On his third fight Rountree faced Daniel Jolly at UFC Fight Night: Bermudez vs. The Korean Zombie on February 4, 2017. He won via knockout in the first round.
Rountree faced Paul Craig on July 16, 2017 at UFC Fight Night: Nelson vs. Ponzinibbio. He won the fight via knockout in the first round.
Rountree was expected to face Gökhan Saki on December 30, 2017 at UFC 219. However, Saki was forced to pull out, citing knee injury, and was replaced by Michał Oleksiejczuk. Rountree lost the fight by unanimous decision. However, after the fight, it was revealed that Oleksiejczuk had tested positive for clomiphene, an anti-estrogenic substance. As a result, the Nevada Athletic Commission (NAC) officially overturned the result of the fight to a no contest.
The bout between Rountree and Gökhan Saki eventually took place at UFC 226 on July 7, 2018. Rountree won the fight via knockout in round one. This fight earned him the Performance of the Night award.
Rountree faced promotional newcomer Johnny Walker on November 17, 2018 at UFC Fight Night 140. He lost the fight via knockout in the first round.
Rountree faced Eryk Anders on April 13, 2019 at UFC 236. He won the fight via unanimous decision.
Rountree faced Ion Cuțelaba on September 28, 2019 at UFC Fight Night 160. He lost via TKO in the first round.
Rountree was expected to face Sam Alvey on March 28, 2020 at UFC on ESPN: Ngannou vs. Rozenstruik. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the event was eventually postponed.
Despite talks of retiring after the scrapped bout with Alvey, Rountree signed a contract extension with the UFC in October 2020.
Rountree faced Marcin Prachnio on January 24, 2021 at UFC 257. He lost the fight via unanimous decision.
Rountree faced Modestas Bukauskas on September 4, 2021 at UFC Fight Night 191. He won the fight via TKO in round two after catching Bukauskas with an oblique kick, marking the first time the technique had been used to finish a fight in the UFC.
Rountree faced Karl Roberson on March 12, 2022 at UFC Fight Night 203. Rountree won the fight via TKO in round two. This win earned him the Performance of the Night award.
Rountree is scheduled to face Dustin Jacoby on October 29, 2022 at UFC Fight Night 213.
Championships and achievements
Ultimate Fighting Championship)
Performance of the Night (Two times)
Personal life
Rountree enjoys dancing and listening to music. He is a fan of the Village People.
Mixed martial arts record
|-
|Win
|align=center|10–5 (1)
|Karl Roberson
|TKO (body kick and punches)
|UFC Fight Night: Santos vs. Ankalaev
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|0:25
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|9–5 (1)
|Modestas Bukauskas
|TKO (leg kick)
|UFC Fight Night: Brunson vs. Till
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|2:30
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|8–5 (1)
|Marcin Prachnio
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC 257
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|8–4 (1)
|Ion Cuțelaba
|TKO (elbows)
|UFC Fight Night: Hermansson vs. Cannonier
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|2:35
|Copenhagen, Denmark
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|8–3 (1)
|Eryk Anders
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC 236
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Atlanta, Georgia, United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|7–3 (1)
|Johnny Walker
|KO (elbow)
|UFC Fight Night: Magny vs. Ponzinibbio
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|1:57
|Buenos Aires, Argentina
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|7–2 (1)
|Gökhan Saki
|TKO (punches)
|UFC 226
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|1:36
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
|NC
|align=center|6–2 (1)
|Michał Oleksiejczuk
|NC (overturned)
|UFC 219
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|6–2
|Paul Craig
|KO (punches)
|UFC Fight Night: Nelson vs. Ponzinibbio
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|4:56
|Glasgow, Scotland
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 5–2
| Daniel Jolly
| KO (knee)
| UFC Fight Night: Bermudez vs. The Korean Zombie
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:52
| Houston, Texas, United States
|
|-
|Loss
| align=center| 4–2
| Tyson Pedro
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| UFC Fight Night: Whittaker vs. Brunson
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 4:07
| Melbourne, Australia
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 4–1
| Andrew Sanchez
| Decision (unanimous)
| The Ultimate Fighter: Team Joanna vs. Team Cláudia Finale
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 4–0
| Justin Polendey
| KO (punch)
| RFA 33
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:42
| Costa Mesa, California, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 3–0
| Cameron Olson
| Decision (unanimous)
| RFA 25
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Sioux Falls, South Dakota, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 2–0
| Blake Troop
| KO (punch)
| RFA 21
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:39
| Costa Mesa, California, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 1–0
| Livingston Lukow
| Decision (unanimous)
| RFA 15
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Culver City, California, United States
|
|-
|-
|Win
|align=center|2–1
|Josh Stansbury
|TKO (punches)
|rowspan=3|The Ultimate Fighter: Team Joanna vs. Team Cláudia
| (airdate)
|align=center|1
|align=center|4:15
|rowspan=3|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|1–1
|Cory Hendricks
|Submission (rear-naked choke)
| (airdate)
|align=center|1
|align=center|2:34
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|1–0
|Muhammed Dereese
|TKO (punches and soccer kicks to the body)
| (airdate)
|align=center|2
|align=center|0:38
|
|-
|-
|Win
|align=center| 6-1
|Dylan Jahrling
|KO (punch)
|Tuff-N-Uff - Future Stars of MMA
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|1:47
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|Won the Tuff-N-Uff Amateur Middleweight Championship.
|-
|Win
|align=center| 5-1
|Lee Cordova
|Submission (guillotine choke)
|Tuff-N-Uff - Festibrawl 6
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|0:49
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center| 4-1
|Prentice Williams
|Decision (unanimous)
|Tuff-N-Uff - Knock Out Cancer 2
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|3:00
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center| 3-1
|Giovani Zavala
|TKO (knee and punches)
|Tuff-N-Uff - Beauties and Beasts
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|0:30
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center| 2-1
|Aaron Fonseca
|N/A
|Nevada Regional Circuit
|
|align=center|N/A
|align=center|N/A
|Nevada, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center| 2-0
|Niels Berlemann
|KO (punch)
|KOTC - Future Legends 2
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|0:16
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center| 1-0
|Travis Jelmyer
|TKO (punches)
|Tuff-N-Uff - Future Stars of MMA
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|0:21
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
|}
See also
List of current UFC fighters
List of male mixed martial artists
References
External links
Living people
1990 births
American male mixed martial artists
Light heavyweight mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists utilizing Muay Thai
Mixed martial artists from California
Sportspeople from Los Angeles
American Muay Thai practitioners
American expatriate sportspeople in Thailand
Ultimate Fighting Championship male fighters
Mary Ann Vaughn (born April 17, 1949), a.k.a. Marianne Wilson, is a citizen of Sweden who was the subject of a widely publicised and highly controversial case in international family law decided in the Tokyo High Court in 1956, Sweden v. Yamaguchi. Vaughn became the ward of the Swedish Ambassador to Japan, Tage Grönfall and later Frederick Almquist, and resided in the Swedish Embassy in Tokyo.
Birth and ancestry
Vaughn was born the only child of James A. Vaughn (May 7, 1925- February 3, 2003) and Vivienne Joy Wilson (November 2, 1929 – August 5, 1950), in Bluff Hospital in Yokohama, Japan, on April 17, 1949. Her father was a US national employed under contract with the United States Military Administration of Occupied Japan. Her mother was a Swedish national, of three generations of Swedish citizens resident in Japan. She was descended from John Wilson and Sophia Wilson, former Naka Yamazaki, her grandparents, and Professor John Wilson.
Vivienne Wilson had been weakened by the privations of World War II, and contracted tuberculosis during James Vaughn's absence to the United States, during which Mary Ann was cared for by a nanny, Fumi. Vivienne died on 5 August 1950, the very day of passage of private legislation permitting her to immigrate to the United States. She was buried in the Geijin Boche, the Foreign Cemetery overlooking the port in Yokohama, Japan.
Early life
After the death of her mother, Vaughn was placed under the guardianship of Professor John Wilson, with nanny Fumi Kaneko (later Fumi Yamaguchi) in custodial care. Due to the privations of the postwar period, John Wilson sailed to Sweden with his wife and children in 1952. Vaughn was to accompany them, but due to an outbreak of whooping cough, she was to sail on the next ship. However, Yamaguchi absconded with Vaughn, and Yamaguchi destroyed the child's records, raising her under claim of an abandoned American orphan in the slums of Yokohama.
Media
The story of Mary Ann Vaughn has been extensively covered by the popular press, and is of considerable interest to organizations such as the Japan Children's Rights Network (Non-Japanese Awarded Custody of a Child in Japan).
References
1947 births
Living people
The Cincinnati Review is a literary magazine based in Cincinnati, Ohio, US, published by the University of Cincinnati. It was founded in 2003 and features poetry, fiction, and creative non-fiction. It has been listed as one of the top 50 literary magazines by Every Writer's Resource and has published Pulitzer Prize winners and Guggenheim and MacArthur fellows. Works from The Cincinnati Review have been selected to appear in the annual anthologies Best American Poetry, Best American Essays, New Stories from the South, Best American Short Stories, Best American Fantasy, Best American Mystery Stories, New Stories from the Midwest, and Best Creative Non-fiction.
Masthead
Managing editor: Lisa Ampleman
Poetry editor: Rebecca Lindenberg
Fiction editor: Michael Griffith
Literary nonfiction editor: Kristen Iversen
See also
List of literary magazines
Notes
External links
2003 establishments in Ohio
Poetry magazines published in the United States
University of Cincinnati
Magazines established in 2003
Magazines published in Cincinnati
Philibert, Count de Gramont (1621 – 31 January 1707), was a French nobleman, known as the protagonist of the Mémoires written by Anthony Hamilton (his brother-in-law). He was a younger half-brother of Antoine III of Gramont and uncle of Catherine Charlotte de Gramont, princess of Monaco.
Birth and origins
Philibert was born in 1621, probably at the Château de Bidache, as the second son of Antoine II de Gramont and his second wife, Claude de Montmorency-Bouteville. His father was the head of the illustrious Gramont family and ruler of the Principality of Bidache. At the time of Philibert's birth he was comte de Guiche but later became duc de Gramont de Guiche. His first wife had been Louise de Roquelaure. Philibert's mother was his father's second wife. She was the eldest daughter of , Baron de Bouteville and sister of François de Montmorency-Bouteville. The Montmorency-Bouteville family was a cadet branch of the illustrious House of Montmorency.
Philibert's paternal grandmother, Diane d'Andouins, comtesse de Gramont, was "la belle Corisande," one of the mistresses of Henry IV. The grandson assumed that his father, Antoine II de Gramont, viceroy of Navarre, was the son of Henry IV, and regretted that he had not claimed the privileges of royal paternity.
<div style="float: right; margin: 0 0 0 1em">
{{Tree chart| | | | |PhlGr|y|Diane|boxstyle=border-width: 1px; border-radius: 0.5em;
|PhlGr=Philibertcomte deGramont|boxstyle_PhlGr=border-width: 1px; border-radius: 0.5em; background: lavender;
|Diane=[[Diane d'Andouins|'Dianed'Andouins]]}}
</div>
His parents married in 1618.
Early life
Philibert was destined for the church, and was educated at the college of Pau, in Béarn. He refused the ecclesiastical life, however, and joined the army of Prince Thomas of Savoy, then in 1643 besieging Trino in Piedmont. He afterwards served under his elder half-brother, Antoine, marshal de Gramont, and the prince de Condé. He was present at the battles of Freiburg and Nördlingen, and served with distinction in Spain and Flanders in 1647. In 1654 he fought at Arras where Turenne relieved the town besieged by the Spanish.
He favoured Condé's party at the beginning of the Fronde, but changed sides before he was too severely compromised. In spite of his record in the army, he never received any important commission either military or diplomatic, perhaps because of an incurable levity in his outlook. He was, however, made a governor of the Pays d'Aunis and lieutenant of Béarn. He visited England during the Commonwealth.
Exile and marriage
In 1662 he was exiled from France for paying court to Anne-Lucie de la Mothe-Houdancourt, one of the king's mistresses. He went to England where he found at the court of Charles II an atmosphere congenial to his talents for intrigue, gallantry and pleasure. He arrived in London in January 1663.
Philibert quickly entered into the English court's inner circle. Not much adaptation was needed as French was the predominant language at the Restoration court. Elizabeth Hamilton, the sister of Anthony Hamilton, admired his wit and gallantry and fell in love with him.
Philibert married her in London in December 1663 or early in 1664. In March 1664, having heard of his marriage, Louis XIV wrote him a letter giving him permission to return. The couple had a son on 28 August old style, but he died as an infant.
There is a famous anecdote told about her marriage, which reverts the order of events by placing the marriage, which was, according to this tale, forced on de Gramont by her brothers, after the permission to return. It goes as follows:
When in 1664 he was allowed to return to France, he left in haste, giving the impression that he would not honour his commitments. Her brothers George and Anthony therefore pursued and intercepted him on his way to Dover and pressured him to return and marry her. They asked him whether he had not forgotten something in London. He replied "Pardonnez-moi, messieurs, j'ai oublié d'épouser votre sœur." (Forgive me, Sirs, I have forgotten to marry your sister). He turned around, went back to London, and dutifully married her.
The story is partly proven wrong since he married her before Louis allowed him to come back, but it could well be true that a bit of pressure from her brothers was needed. It has been said that this incident suggested to Molière his comedy Le mariage forcé, first presented 29 January 1664, but this idea clashes with the known dates.
Back in France
In 1664 he was allowed to return to France. He revisited England in 1670 in connection with the Sale of Dunkirk, and again in 1671 and 1676. In 1688 he was sent by Louis XIV to congratulate James II on the birth of an heir. From all these small diplomatic missions he succeeded in obtaining considerable profits, being destitute, and having no scruples whenever money was in question. At the age of 75 he fell dangerously ill, which caused him to become reconciled to the church. His penitence does not seem to have survived his recovery.
In June 1673, he fought at the Siege of Maastricht during which Louis XIV took the town from the Dutch.
In 1679, his elder brother Henri died unmarried. Henri had appointed him his heir and he therefore became comte de Toulongeon and inherited his brother's château at Séméac. He did not want to change his name to Toulongeon, but changed it from chevalier de Gramont to comte de Gramont, and his wife became comtesse.
On 31 December 1688 he was made a knight of the Order of the Holy Spirit in a ceremony performed in the Chapel of the Château de Versailles. This gave him the right to wear the blue sash called the cordon bleu that hangs over his right shoulder on his portrait.
Children
His wife gave him two children, daughters both:
Claude Charlotte (c. 1665 – 1739), who married Henry Stafford-Howard, 1st Earl of Stafford
Marie Élisabeth (1667–1729), who in 1695 became abbess of the in Lorraine
Both were maids-of-honour to Maria Anna Victoria of Bavaria, whom the Grand Dauphin married in 1680. Saint-Simon comments that they did not have much success at the court.
He also had a bastard daughter, born in Piedmont, at the siege of Trino: Giacomo or Jacques, daughter of Countess Theresia de' Medici, granddaughter of don Antonio de' Medici via his son Antonfrancesco.
Memoirs
He was 80 years old when he supplied his brother-in-law, Anthony Hamilton, with the material for his Mémoires. Hamilton said that they had been dictated to him, but no doubt he was the real author. The account of Gramont's early career was doubtless provided by himself, but Hamilton was probably more familiar with the history of the court of Charles II, which forms the most interesting part of the book. Moreover, Gramont, though he had a reputation for wit, was no writer, and there is no reason to suppose that he was capable of producing a work which remains a masterpiece of style and of witty portraiture.
His biographer Hamilton was far superior as a writer to the comte de Gramont, but he relates the story of his hero without comment, and no condemnation of the prevalent code of morals is allowed to appear, unless by an occasional touch of irony. The portrait is drawn with such skill that the count, in spite of his biographer's candour, imposes by his grand air on the reader much as he appears to have done on his contemporaries. The book is the most entertaining of contemporary memoirs, and in no other book is there a description so vivid, truthful, and graceful of the licentious court of Charles II. There are other and less flattering accounts of the count. His scandalous tongue knew no restraint, and he was a privileged person who was allowed to state even the most unpleasing truths to Louis XIV.
When the Mémoires were finished, it is said that Gramont sold the manuscript for 1500 francs; and kept most of the money for himself. Fontenelle, then censor of the press, refused to license the book from considerations of respect to the strange old man, whose gambling, cheating and meanness were so ruthlessly exposed. But Gramont himself appealed to the chancellor and the prohibition was lifted.
Death and timeline
He died on 10 January 1707 in Paris, and the Mémoires'' appeared six years later.
Notes, citations, and sources
Notes
Citations
Sources
– Knights of the Order of the Holy Spirit and general index
– 1684 to 1686
– 1706 to 1707
– Commentary by Cyril Hughes Hartmann on Hamilton's Memoirs in Quennell's translation
– GAR to GUE (for Gramont)
– Abercorn to Balmerino
– 1706 to 1707
– 1708
Attribution
1621 births
1707 deaths
18th-century memoirists
Counts of Gramont
French male non-fiction writers
French memoirists
Younger sons of dukes
Fanfare is an American bimonthly magazine devoted to reviewing recorded music in all playback formats. It mainly covers classical music, but since inception, has also featured a jazz column in every issue.
History and profile
Fanfare was founded on 1 September 1977 "as a labor of love" by an elementary-school teacher turned editor named Joel Bruce Flegler (born 1941). After years, he is still the publisher.
The magazine now runs to over 600 pages in a 6" x 9" format with about 80% of the editorial copy devoted to record reviews, and a front section with a substantial number of interviews and feature articles. It avoids equipment and pop music coverage, and includes reviews of more classical releases than most similar magazines. The magazine's business model includes the editor directly contacting artists unsolicited, guaranteeing a review if they advertise in the magazine. Most of the several hundred reviews in each issue do not have advertising support from either musicians or labels.
Subscriptions include online access to current content and archives of past issues.
References
Notes
Sources
Who's Who in U.S. Writers, Editors & Poets, A biographical directory, Second edition, edited by Curt Johnson, December Press, Highland Park, IL (1988) (search: Joel B. Fletcher)
Who's Who in Writers, Editors & Poets. United States & Canada, Third edition, 1989-1990, edited by Curt Johnson, December Press, Highland Park, IL (1989) (search: Joel B. Fletcher)
Who's Who in Writers, Editors & Poets. United States & Canada, Fourth edition, 1992-1993, edited by Curt Johnson, December Press, Highland Park, IL (search: Joel B. Fletcher) (1992)
External links
Official website
Cornell University Library reference
1977 establishments in New Jersey
Music magazines published in the United States
Bimonthly magazines published in the United States
Classical music magazines
Jazz magazines
Magazines established in 1977
Magazines published in New Jersey
Musicology
Prisoner Visitation and Support (PVS) is a non-profit organization based in Philadelphia. Trained PVS volunteers visit prisoners in the United States Federal Prison system and military prisons. They offer companionship and friendship, with no religious or other agenda. Their particular focus is prisoners who don't receive regular visits, are facing long sentences, and/or are in solitary confinement.
PVS visitors come from a variety of religious and non-religious backgrounds, and the organization is supported by a wide variety of religious groups. Since 1972, PVS has enjoyed blanket permission from the Federal Bureau of Prisons to visit at all federal prisons and with any federal prisoner in the United States. In 1975, the Department of Defense granted PVS similar access to all military prisons.
Prisoner Visitation and Support was founded in 1968 by long-time prison visitors and activists Fay Honey Knopp and Bob Horton, in part as a support to conscientious objectors and other draft resisters in the Federal system. As the Vietnam era ended and conscientious objectors were released, the group's mission expanded to embrace all federal and military prisoners in need of support and visitation.
References
External links
Prisoner Visitation and Support (PVS) official web site
Prisons in the United States
Prison-related organizations
Ann Robinson (born 1929), is an American actress.
Ann or Anne Robinson may also refer to:
Ann Robinson (artist), New Zealand artist
Anne Robinson, British TV presenter
Jo Ann Robinson (1912–1992), civil rights activist and educator
Leigh Ann Robinson (born 1986), American soccer midfielder
Ann Turner Robinson, English soprano
Julie Anne Robinson, British director
See also
Robinson (disambiguation)
Francisco Boza (born 19 September 1964) is a Peruvian sport shooter and Olympic medalist. He won a silver medal in trap shooting at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles and came fourth four years later.
Biography
He has competed in eight Olympic Games, from 1980 to 2004, one of only five shooters ever to do so. As of 2010, no other Peruvian had appeared at even six Olympics. Boza qualified for the 2016 Summer Olympics and was the Peruvian flag bearer. He finished in 28th place in the qualifying round of the men's trap shooting competition and did not advance to the semifinals.
See also
List of athletes with the most appearances at Olympic Games
Multi-participation men in shooting at the Olympic Games
References
External links
Living people
Peruvian male sport shooters
Trap and double trap shooters
Olympic shooters of Peru
Olympic silver medalists for Peru
Shooters at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 2016 Summer Olympics
1964 births
Olympic medalists in shooting
Medalists at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Pan American Games medalists in shooting
Pan American Games gold medalists for Peru
Shooters at the 2015 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 2015 Pan American Games
20th-century Peruvian people
21st-century Peruvian people
Pierre Renoir (March 21, 1885 – March 11, 1952) was a French stage and film actor. He was the son of the impressionist painter Pierre-Auguste Renoir and elder brother of the film director Jean Renoir. He is also noted for being the first actor to play Georges Simenon's character Inspector Jules Maigret in
Night at the Crossroads, directed by his brother.
Life and career
Pierre Renoir was born on March 21, 1885, in Paris, at 18 rue Houdon, about a hundred meters from place Pigalle, to painter Pierre-Auguste Renoir and Aline Charigot. He was married to actress Véra Sergine from 1914 to 1925.
For his best remembered role, as Jėricho the ragman in Children of Paradise (Les Enfants du Paradis, 1945), he was cast at short notice to replace the collaborator Robert Le Vigan; Jėricho's scenes had to be reshot after Le Vigan fled. Renoir was briefly the director of the Théâtre de l'Athénée in Paris, taking over after the death of Louis Jouvet in 1951. Pierre Renoir's son was the cinematographer Claude Renoir (1913–93)not to be confused with Pierre's brother Claude Renoir, known as 'Coco' (1901–69).
Selected filmography
La Digue (1911)
Marion Delorme (1918)
The Whirlpool of Fate (1925)
Morgane, the Enchantress (1928)
The Agony of the Eagles (1933)
Madame Bovary (1934)
Veille d'armes (1935)
The Citadel of Silence (1937)
La Marseillaise (1938)
Mollenard (1938)
The Lafarge Case (1938)
The Patriot (1938)
Personal Column (1939)
Coral Reefs (1939)
Serge Panine (1939)
The Pavilion Burns (1941)
The Trump Card (1942)
The Wolf of the Malveneurs (1943)
Traveling Light (1944)
St. Val's Mystery (1945)
Father Goriot (1945)
Les Enfants du paradis (1945)
Special Mission (1946)
The Captain (1946)
Coincidences (1947)
The Farm of Seven Sins (1949)
Scandal on the Champs-Élysées (1949)
The Ferret (1950)
Dr. Knock (1951)
Judgement of God (1952)
References
External links
1885 births
1952 deaths
Male actors from Paris
French male film actors
French male silent film actors
French male stage actors
Pierre
20th-century French male actors
is a traditional Japanese game that involves splitting a watermelon with a stick while blindfolded. Played in the summertime, suikawari is most often seen at beaches, but also occurs at festivals, picnics, and other summer events.
The rules are similar to piñata. A watermelon is laid out, and participants one by one attempt to smash it open. Each is blindfolded, spun around three times, and handed a wooden stick, or bokken, to strike with. The first to crack the watermelon open wins.
Other participants or teammates may also give the player hints such as left/right or straight ahead.
Afterwards the chunks of watermelon produced are shared among participants. Because the watermelon can fall into the sand and get dirty, a sheet, a piece of cardboard, or other element is commonly placed beneath it.
"Official" "rules"
Japan Suika-Wari Association Rules
The Japan Suika-Wari Association (JSWA), established by the Japan Agricultural Cooperative (JA), established a set of rules in 1991 governing the game. The JSWA was created by the JA to increase consumption of watermelon. The organization no longer exists. The rules established were as follows:
Distance between player and watermelon: over 5m, and within 7m
Stick: Circumference of 5cm; length equal to or less than 120cm.
Material to use for blindfold: JSWA-recognized blindfolds. To verify that the player was truly blinded, observers were encouraged to drop a 10,000-yen note in front of her.
Watermelon: a well-ripened domestic melon.
Time limit: 3 minutes.
Judging: Judges should rate the player on how pretty a break between halves she managed to make. Players who cleaved the watermelon in equal halves could come close to a perfect score, while players who broke them into unequal parts would receive lower marks.
Other details: Judges should have eaten at least 10 watermelons in the current year.
See also
Piñata
References
Japanese games
Watermelons
Toxostoma is a genus of bird in the family Mimidae. This genus contains most of the birds called thrashers, and accordingly members of this genus are sometimes referred to as the "typical thrashers".
Description
They measure 22 to 32 cm long. Its tail is straight and quite long, as much or more than the body. As in the mulattoes and the mockingbirds, the bill is curved downwards, and is generally long, although it varies according to the species. Its plumage is opaque, brownish or greyish, with darker wings and tail. On the wings there are usually stripes of a lighter shade. The feathers on the throat, chest and belly are usually light (white or greyish) and in most species these parts of the body have dark spots. The eyes can be yellow, orange or reddish.
They generally feed on insects, but also on fruits, seeds, worms, molluscs and, occasionally, small reptiles.
Most are songbirds that make musical sounds, and are therefore prized as cage birds. Some species also have migratory habits, since in summer they move to the south of their nesting area. They prefer desert or semi-desert habitats and areas of shrubby vegetation; some species inhabit forests, and only one (T. guttatum) is tropical.
Species
The genus name Toxostoma comes from the Ancient Greek , "bow" or "arch" and stoma, "mouth".
The genus contains the following species:
References
Mimidae
Bird genera
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
A casino host is employed by a casino to deliver services to gamblers to help ensure that they become loyal patrons.
Nature of the work
A casino host will usually try their best to please patrons of their casino and will do their best to fulfill any reasonable requests their clients might have. The casino host has the power to issue complimentary services (or "comps") to players. Comps can range from complimentary meals, beverages, and show (concert or theater) tickets right up to full accommodation in a hotel casino. A casino host will develop a relationship with every level of gambler, from first-timers playing quarter slots to high-profile multimillion-dollar gamblers (a high roller).
Comps issued by hosts vary greatly and can be anything from a free buffet coupon, overnight hotel accommodation and upgrade, or entertainment tickets, to luxurious villas and private charter flights to the casino. The level and issuance of these comps by the host is done using mathematical formulas that calculate a player's theoretical loss (also known as "ADT" for average daily theoretical, or "theo"), based on wager size, session length, and the house edge of the game. Based on this formula, the host will be authorized to re-invest a percentage of the house's theoretical win back into the player by issuing freebies with the aim of building a loyal relationship with the player.
Position in a casino
The casino host reports directly to the marketing managers in most casinos. The casino host is the member of management that has the most contact with players and patrons. The job of a casino host can be very competitive as they are seeking the repeat patronage of players, a common goal that is shared both among other hosts within the casino and with those at competing casinos.
In arts, entertainment, and media
Deke Castleman's non-fiction book, Whale Hunt in the Desert: The Secret Las Vegas of Superhost Steve Cyr, focus on a prominent Las Vegas casino host.
The TV series Las Vegas has a main character, Samantha Jane "Sam" Marquez, who is a casino host.
References
External links
Further reading
Personal care and service occupations
host
Gambling people
ANAVIP is the trade name of a snake antivenin indicated for the management of adult and pediatric patients with North American rattlesnake envenomation. As defined by the FDA, the proper name is crotalidae immune F(ab')2 (equine). It is manufactured by Instituto Bioclon for Rare Disease Therapeutics in the United States.
ANAVIP is a divalent fragment antigen-binding protein, F(ab')2, derived from the blood of horses immunized with the venom of the snakes Bothrops asper and Crotalus durissus. The product is produced by pepsin digestion of horse blood plasma then purified resulting in a preparation containing >85% F(ab')2.
References
Antitoxins
Medical treatments
In phylogenetics, a sister group or sister taxon comprises the closest relative(s) of another given unit in an evolutionary tree.
Definition
The expression is most easily illustrated by a cladogram:
Taxon A and taxon B are sister groups to each other. Taxa A and B, together with any other extant or extinct descendants of their most recent common ancestor (MRCA), form a monophyletic group, the clade AB. Clade AB and taxon C are also sister groups. Taxa A, B, and C, together with all other descendants of their MRCA form the clade ABC.
The whole clade ABC is itself a subtree of a larger tree which offers yet more sister group relationships, both among the leaves and among larger, more deeply rooted clades. The tree structure shown connects through its root to the rest of the universal tree of life.
In cladistic standards, taxa A, B, and C may represent specimens, species, genera, or any other taxonomic units. If A and B are at the same taxonomic level, terminology such as sister species or sister genera can be used.
Example
The term sister group is used in phylogenetic analysis, however, only groups identified in the analysis are labeled as "sister groups".
An example is birds, whose commonly cited living sister group is the crocodiles, but that is true only when discussing extant organisms; when other, extinct groups are considered, the relationship between birds and crocodiles appears distant.
Although the bird family tree is rooted in the dinosaurs, there were a number of other, earlier groups, such as the pterosaurs, that branched off of the line leading to the dinosaurs after the last common ancestor of birds and crocodiles.
The term sister group must thus be seen as a relative term, with the caveat that the sister group is only the closest relative among the groups/species/specimens that are included in the analysis.
Notes
References
Evolutionary biology
Phylogenetics
Biological classification
taxa
The Kambui Hills Forest Reserve occupies an area of 14,335 hectares in the Eastern Province of Sierra Leone. It is located 10 kilometres from the town of Kenema with terrain consisting of steep slopes that reach an altitude of between 100 and 645 metres. The area mainly contains forest habitat but there is also some savanna and wetland. Over 200 separate species of birds have been recorded in the reserve including vulnerable species the white-necked picathartes and green-tailed bristlebill and near threatened species the yellow-casqued hornbill, rufous-winged illadopsis and copper-tailed glossy-starling.
References
See also
Protected areas of Sierra Leone
Eastern Province, Sierra Leone
Forest reserves of Sierra Leone
Baraeus tridentatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Johan Christian Fabricius in 1801. It is known from Nigeria, the Ivory Coast, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Cameroon, and Togo.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1801
Mathieu Karl Maria Ahlersmeyer (29 June 1896 – 23 July 1979) was a German operatic baritone and actor.
Life
Born in Cologne, Ahlersmeyer took singing and acting lessons with Karl Niemann in Cologne. He gained his first stage experience in Mönchengladbach in 1929; Engagements followed as an opera singer in Berlin, Hamburg (1931–34), Dresden and also abroad. In 1938 he sang the title role in the world premiere of W. Egk's opera Peer Gynt. In the final phase of the Second World War Hitler included him in the Gottbegnadeten list of the most important artists in 1944.
Ahlersmeyer was bombed out in Dresden in 1945, and he went to the Hamburgische Staatsoper, where he was engaged again. His last guest appearance in Hamburg was in 1973. Ahlersmeyer died in Garmisch-Partenkirchen at the age of 83. He is buried at the Partenkirchen cemetery.
He was married to Marcia Otten. The marriage yielded four children.
Filmography
1949: The Marriage of Figaro, Part of the Count Almaviva in this DEFA-film adaptation of the opera
1951: The Dubarry
1955: Das Fräulein von Scuderi
1963/1964: Die Reise auf den Mond
Further reading
Jürgen Kesting: Charakter-Sänger: Mathieu Ahlersmeyer. In Die großen Sänger, volume 2. Claasen, Düsseldorf 1986, , .
Frank-Burkhard Habel, : Das große Lexikon der DDR-Stars. Die Schauspieler aus Film und Fernsehen. Extended new edition. Schwarzkopf & Schwarzkopf, Berlin 2002, .
References
External links
German operatic baritones
20th-century German male opera singers
German male film actors
German male stage actors
1896 births
1979 deaths
Musicians from Cologne
Cameraria corylisella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Manitoba, Ontario, and Quebec in Canada, and Kentucky, Wisconsin, Maine, New York, Connecticut and Vermont in the United States.
The wingspan is 6.5–7 mm.
The larvae feed on Carpinus americana, Carpinus caroliniana, Corylus species (including Corylus americana) and Ostrya virginica. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a nearly circular, brownish-yellow blotch mine on the upperside of the leaf. Larvae hibernate in a silken chamber.
References
Cameraria (moth)
Moths of North America
Lepidoptera of Canada
Lepidoptera of the United States
Moths described in 1871
Leaf miners
Taxa named by Vactor Tousey Chambers
The pale-breasted thrush (Turdus leucomelas) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae.
It is found in a wide range of wooded habitats in eastern and northern South America, from Brazil, Colombia to Uruguay, with localized population in the west.
This bird seems to have adapted to humans and is very common in human inhabited parts of its range, often nesting in garden shrubs and small trees. In Suriname it is locally known as "Boontjedief," which means "bean thief" in Suriname Dutch, presumably based on its habit of picking off legumes left out to dry in the sun. In proper Dutch it is called "Vaalborstlijster." It is also known as "Bonka" in Sranan tongo.
In appearance it is similar to the American robin in size and shape, but it lacks the red chest and is more uniformly brown. Its song and feeding habits are also very similar to its distant cousin. In most of its range, it is more likely to be confused with the creamy-bellied thrush. Unlike the creamy-bellied thrush, the pale-breasted thrush has a clear contrast between the head and mantle, and it lacks blackish lores.
It eats mostly fruits, but also worms, insects and lizards.
References
Birds of Suriname, François Haverschmidt, G.F.Mees, 1994 VACO N.V. P.O.Box 1841, Paramaribo, Suriname
pale-breasted thrush
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Venezuela
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of Brazil
Birds of Paraguay
pale-breasted thrush
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Basilica of the Immaculate Conception is a Roman Catholic church located at 74 West Main Street in Waterbury, Connecticut.
History
Early accounts say that the first priest to visit Waterbury was one James Fitton of Hartford. He was followed by Rev. James McDermot of New Haven, who said Mass in the house of Cornelius Donnelly. McDermot was transferred to Lowell in the summer off 1837, and Waterbury became a mission station of St. Mary's in New Haven. Rev. James Smyth served the community for the next ten years. On his first arrival, Smyth thought to say Mass in the same house frequented by McDermot but was told be the tenant that the landlord had threatened eviction if he entertained any more priests. He then said Mass at the home of Michael Neville on East Main Street. In 1845, Washington Hall, on the corner of Exchange Place and West Main Street was rented from Dr. Jesse Porter.
In 1847, the Catholic community purchased a former Episcopal church and sought to move it to a lot on the corner of East Main and Dublin Streets. However, on approaching the desired location, the contractor, Major D. Hill of Hartford, was convinced that he could not get the structure safely over the high ground, so Neville, acting as agent for the Catholics, purchased a second, more accessible lot. Accept for when Smyth visited Waterbury, baptisms, Marriages, and funerals took place in New Haven. Bishop Tyler of Hartford purchased a lot south of Grand Street through John Galvin for use as a burying ground.
In October 1847, Rev. Michael O'Neil became the first resident pastor and dedicated the parish to St. Peter. Initially O'Neil resided with the family of Michael Neville, on Dublin Street opposite the cemetery gate. In 1850, he rented a house on East Main Street from John Sandland. In December 1854, a fire broke out in the church, but managed to be extinguished by those present before it got out of control. In 1855, O'Neil was sued for trespass by the Protestant husband of a Catholic woman for administering last rites pursuant to the woman's wishes. O'Neil was fined $150 plus costs. O'Neil stated the under no circumstances would he divulge the content of the woman's confession. The judge said that it was not essential to decide the case, but if it had been, he would have required it of the priest. This is in marked contrast to a case in New York involving Rev. Anthony Kohlmann some twenty-five years previous.
In July 1855, O'Neil went to East Bridgeport and was succeeded at St. Peter's by Rev. T.F. Hendricken. Hendricken hired Patrick Keely to design a new, larger church. On July 5, 1857, the parish laid the cornerstone for a new church, in the Gothic style. Built of red brick, with a tall spire, it stood on East Main Street. It was dedicated by Bishop McFarland, and renamed in honor of the Immaculate Conception, the first church in the United States to bear that title since the 1854 decree.
The old church became St. Mary's school in 1863.
In 1869 he persuaded the Congregation of Notre Dame of Montreal to come to the parish, where they established Notre Dame Academy, a day and boarding school for girls. He also purchased land for St. Joseph's Cemetery. In 1872, Hendricken was named Bishop of Providence.
Since the 1990s the former Trinity Episcopal Church on Prospect St. was used as a parish center. Due to structural problems, the building was demolished in 2018. Some of the stained glass and altars from the church were removed and given to other churches in Connecticut.
Current church
Ground was broken for the current church in 1924 and it was dedicated May 20, 1928 by Bishop John Joseph Nilan. It was designed by the Boston firm of Maginnis & Walsh and cost US$1.25 million to construct. Its Italian Renaissance design is based on the Basilica of St. Mary Major in Rome
On February 9, 2008, Pope Benedict XVI bestowed the title of Minor Basilica on the church.
Organ
The Austin Organ Company, based in Hartford, Connecticut, constructed the pipe organ in the Basilica. Its four divisions are located behind decorative wood panels flanking the gallery. The instrument was built in 1928 and has received modifications over the years including a new console in 1970 and some restoration work by the Foley Baker Company in 1980. The organ is Austin Opus 1522 with 3 manuals and 27 ranks. The parish has engaged the Austin Organ Service Company of Avon, Connecticut to complete a restoration of the instrument in 2013.
References
External links
Official website
Archdiocese of Hartford website
Roman Catholic churches in Connecticut
Waterbury
Immaculate Conception, Waterbury
Churches in New Haven County, Connecticut
Buildings and structures in Waterbury, Connecticut
Roman Catholic parishes of Archdiocese of Hartford
Omohundro is a surname of English, Irish, and Spanish origin that can be found throughout Europe and the Americas.
It may refer to:
People
Texas Jack Omohundro (1846–1880), frontier scout
Steve Omohundro (born 1959), computer scientist
Places
Omohundro Institute of Early American History and Culture, named following the bequest of Mr. and Mrs. Malvern H. Omohundro Jr.
Omohundro Water Treatment Plant, municipal water treatment plant located in Nashville, Tennessee
References
Surnames of English origin
Vardan Khachatryan (, born 29 October 1968) is an Armenian former football who played as a defender. He was a member of the Armenian national team, and played 30 matches and scored 1 goal since his debut on 14 October 1992, in a friendly match against Moldova ().
External links
Profile at Armenian Football
1968 births
Living people
Footballers from Yerevan
Soviet Armenians
Soviet footballers
Armenian footballers
Armenia international footballers
Armenian expatriate footballers
FC Ararat Yerevan players
FC Torpedo Moscow players
FC Pyunik players
FC Rubin Kazan players
FK Köpetdag Aşgabat players
Expatriate footballers in Ukraine
Armenian expatriate sportspeople in Ukraine
Armenian expatriate sportspeople in Turkmenistan
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Expatriate footballers in Turkmenistan
Armenian Premier League players
Ukrainian Premier League players
Russian Premier League players
Association football defenders
Rear Admiral Hugh Dominic Beard, (born 28 December 1967) is a senior Royal Navy officer. He currently serves as Assistant Chief of the Defence Staff (Capability & Force Design).
Early life and education
Beard was born on 28 December 1967 in Birmingham, England. He was educated at St Anselm's Catholic School, a comprehensive school in Canterbury, Kent. He graduated with a Master of Arts degree in defence studies from King's College London in 2003.
Naval career
Beard joined the Royal Navy in 1987, aged 19. He served as executive officer of from 1999 to 2002. He became commanding office of the submarine in 2005, submarine scheduler at Navy Command in 2008, and Commander Submarine Sea Training in 2010. He went on to be commanding officer of the frigate in 2012, and Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff (Capability) in November 2018. He has served as Assistant Chief of the Defence Staff (Capability & Force Design) since January 2020.
Beard was appointed Companion of the Order of the Bath (CB) in the 2022 New Year Honours.
References
1967 births
Alumni of King's College London
Living people
Military personnel from Birmingham, West Midlands
Royal Navy rear admirals
Royal Navy submarine commanders
Companions of the Order of the Bath
The blackish-grey antshrike (Thamnophilus nigrocinereus) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae, the antbirds.
The species is found in Brazil, Colombia, Venezuela, and eastern French Guiana; also a small river region of northeast Bolivia.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical swamps. It got its name "blackish-grey antshrike" because of its blackish-grey color, distinguishing it from other antshrikes.
Taxonomy
The blackish-grey antshrike was described by the English zoologist Philip Sclater in 1855 and given the binomial name Thamnophilus nigrocinereus.
Distribution
The blackish-grey antshrike is found in Brazil's southeastern Amazon Basin as well as along the Amazon River proper, and northwards at the Amazon's outlet, into the extreme eastern areas of French Guiana with Brazil's northeast state of Amapá. The southeast range extends slightly southwestward into that quadrant, about 1000–1400 km, and its eastern limit is the final 950 km of the Tocantins River drainage. On the west bordering some of the southwest quadrant, the range is limited by the Madeira River and continues upstream into extreme northeast Bolivia for 75 km in an area around the Madeira and Guaporé River confluence. To the east the range is contiguous and covers the river drainages of the Tapajós, Xingu River, and lower Tocantins River, a range of about 3500 km.
The northwest extension of the range expands from the Amazon River northwestwards upstream on the Rio Negro, (as a river corridor) into eastern and central Colombia, also eastward and north into central and southern Venezuela into the Orinoco River drainage. In the central Orinoco drainage, it does not range away from the river northwards, nor is it found in the lower third of the drainage to the Caribbean.
References
External links
Blackish-gray antshrike photo gallery VIREO Photo-High Res
blackish-grey antshrike
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of Venezuela
Birds of Colombia
blackish-grey antshrike
blackish-grey antshrike
Birds of Brazil
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 1970–71 Norwegian 1. Divisjon season was the 32nd season of ice hockey in Norway. Eight teams participated in the league, and Valerenga Ishockey won the championship.
Regular season
External links
Norwegian Ice Hockey Federation
Nor
GET-ligaen seasons
1970 in Norwegian sport
1971 in Norwegian sport
Anobrium leuconotum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Galileo and Martins in 2002. It is known from Brazil.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 2002
Nikolai Yurevich Ukk (; born 20 February 1980) is a Russian badminton player. He won the men's doubles title at the 2011 National Championships partnered with Andrey Ashmarin. Reside in Saint Petersburg, Ukk now works as a trainer-teacher of the badminton at the Kometa Sports School. In 2013, he won Hellas International tournament in men's doubles event with his partner Nikolaj Nikolaenko.
Achievements
BWF International Challenge/Series
Men's doubles
Mixed doubles
BWF International Challenge tournament
BWF International Series tournament
BWF Future Series tournament
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Saint Petersburg
Russian male badminton players
The 2007–08 Iraqi Premier League season started on 26 November 2007 and ended on 24 August 2008. The season saw Erbil crowned as champions for the second time in a row, beating Al-Zawraa 1–0 after extra time in the final.
For security reasons, the league was divided into three groups: South, North and Central. The top six clubs from the Central Group and the top four clubs from the North and South Groups qualified for the Elite Stage. The Elite Stage consisted of three groups, of which the winners and one runner-up qualified for the Golden Stage, a knockout contest. The Golden Stage matches were held at Al-Shaab Stadium in Baghdad.
The champions and runners-up qualified for the 2009 AFC Cup, while third-placed Al-Quwa Al-Jawiya qualified for the 2008–09 Arab Champions League.
New rule
The Iraq Football Association introduced a new rule that allowed clubs to make four substitutions instead of three.
Group stage
North Group
Note: Al-Mosul withdrew from the league.
Results
Central Group
Results
South Group
Results
Elite stage
Group 1
Group 2
Group 3
Semi-final playoff
Golden stage
Semi-finals
Third place match
Final
Match officials
Assistant referees:
Hussein Turki
Mohammed Arab
Fourth official:
Kadhim Awda
Match rules
90 minutes.
30 minutes of extra-time if necessary.
Penalty shootout if scores still level.
Final positions
Season statistics
Top scorers
Hat-tricks
Notes
4 Player scored 4 goals
Awards
Top scorer: Asaad Abdul-Nabi (Al-Kahrabaa)
Best Player/MVP: Ahmad Ayad (Al-Quwa Al-Jawiya)
Best Coach: Radhi Shenaishil (Al-Zawraa)
References
External links
Iraq Football Association
Iraqi Premier League seasons
1
Iraq
Ebenezer C. Allen (April 8, 1804 – 1863) was Secretary of State and the last Attorney General of the Republic of Texas. He was also Attorney General of the State of Texas. He was an early Texas railroad promoter.
Early life
Allen was born in Newport, New Hampshire, in 1804 to David and Hannah (Wilcox) Allen.
Legal career and move to Texas
He attended Dartmouth College, graduating in 1826. Allen moved to Orono, Maine, and married Sylvina Morse in 1833. He practiced law there for a time before he went to Galveston, Texas. He arrived during the Texas Revolution and practiced law in Galveston.
Official of the Republic of Texas
On December 9, 1844, Allen was elected Attorney General of the Republic of Texas. He served under President Anson Jones, resigning in July 1845. He then served as acting Secretary of State, during the absence of Ashbel Smith, assisting with the annexation negotiations with the United States Government.
Later career
Allen was the primary business leader of the Galveston and Red River Railroad Company when the State of Texas granted the company a charter in 1848. Later the company changed its name to the Houston and Texas Central Railway in the 1850s and Allen continued to lead the company.
In 1850, Allen was elected Attorney General as a Democrat, serving under Governor Peter Hansborough Bell from 1850 to 1853. He was the first state of Texas Attorney General to be elected, as this position had previously been filled by appointment.
In 1861, with Texas' secession from the United States, Allen entered the service of the Confederate States of America. He died in Richmond, Virginia, in 1863.
,
Memorials
The city of Allen, Texas, which was founded when the Houston and Texas Central Railway built a depot there, was named for Ebenezer Allen.
References
1804 births
1863 deaths
Texas Attorneys General
Texas Democrats
Texas lawyers
People from Galveston, Texas
19th-century American politicians
People from Orono, Maine
19th-century American lawyers
Christina Rupprecht (born 23 August 1992) is a German professional boxer who has held the WBC female mini-flyweight title since 2018. As an amateur she won multiple German national titles. As of May 2020, she is ranked as the world's third best active female mini-flyweight by BoxRec.
Amateur career
Two years prior to switching to boxing at the age of 14, Tina Rupprecht had joined her childhood boyfriend in kickboxing lessons. Competing for 1. Boxclub Haan Augsburg e.V., she won the 2009 and 2010 German amateur championships for juniors aged under 19 years in paper weight (up to 46 kg). Rupprecht participated in the 2010 European Youth & Junior Women's Championships, where, in her first tournament bout, she was defeated by the subsequent champion Maja Strömberg by 1:9 points. 2011 and 2012, she won the German championships in women's light flyweight. In addition, Rupprecht won the Bavarian championship in 2012, which she was able to repeat in 2013. After a dispute with the German Boxing Federation (Deutscher Boxsport-Verband), with a record of 30 wins, 5 losses and 1 draw, she switched to professional boxing.
Professional boxing career
With Rupprecht boxing in a weight class attracting only a small number of boxers, arranging fights with competitors on par is difficult. On 7 December 2013, she won her first professional bout at just 50 seconds into the first round by technical knockout. She defeated the opponents of her second and third boxing match in the bouts' first rounds as well. Winning against Spanish Joana Pastrana in October 2016, Rupprecht obtained the vacant WBC silver miniumweight title. In May 2017, she won the vacant IBO minimumweight inter-continental championship defeating Venezuelan Luisana Bolívar. Winning against French Anne Sophie Da Costa on 2 December 2017, Rupprecht obtained the title of WBC interim world champion becoming the mandatory challenger for the world championship. After reigning champion Momo Koseki retired from boxing in January 2018, Costa Rican Yokasta Valle was named Rupprecht's opponent for the world championship. Tina Rupprecht won the bout taking place in Munich on 16 June 2018 by unanimous decision, becoming WBC world champion.
Professional boxing record
References
External links
Official site
1992 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Augsburg
Mini-flyweight boxers
German women boxers
World Boxing Council champions
Malvani may refer to:
Malvani people of Maharashtra, on the western coast of India
Malvani language
Malad Culture
Language and nationality disambiguation pages
Ben Hellewell is a Scotland international rugby league footballer who plays as a forward for the Salford Red Devils in the Betfred Super League, on loan from Featherstone Rovers in the Betfred Championship.
He was contracted to the Warrington Wolves in the Super League, playing on loan from Warrington at the York City Knights in the Championship and the Barrow Raiders in Championship 1. He played for Featherstone Rovers in the Co-operative Championship, and on loan from Featherstone at the Dewsbury Rams in the Kingstone Press Championship. He has also played for the London Broncos in the Championship and in the Betfred Super League, and on loan from the Broncos at the Sheffield Eagles in the Betfred Championship. Hellewell also played for the Leigh Centurions in the second-tier and the Super League. Earlier in his career he played as a and er.
In 2019 he helped the Eagles to win the inaugural 1895 Cup as they defeated the Widnes Vikings 36–18 in the final. He has earned 9 caps for Scotland in the European competitions and the 2013 Rugby League World Cup.
Background
Hellewell was born in Bradford, West Yorkshire, England.
Playing career
Early career
Hellewell started his career with the Bradford Bulls, coming through the Bulls Academy at his hometown club.
Warrington
Hellewell moved to Warrington to begin his professional career. He won the Rugby League 9s tournament in June 2011 with Warrington. In 2012 he was sent on loan from Warrington at the York City Knights in the Championship. Hellewell spent part of 2012 on loan at the Barrow Raiders in Championship 1.
Featherstone
After failing to make a first team appearance for Warrington, he joined Featherstone Rovers in 2012, ahead of the 2013 RFL Championship season.
He played for Featherstone Rovers in the Co-operative Championship, and on loan from Featherstone at the Dewsbury Rams in the 2014 Kingstone Press Championship.
London Broncos
He joined the London Broncos ahead of the 2015 RFL Championship season.
In 2019 he spent time on loan from the Broncos at the Sheffield Eagles in the Betfred Championship. During that spell at the Eagles he helped the Eagles to win the inaugural 1895 Cup as they defeated Widnes 36–18 in the final.
In four years in the capital he played over 100 games, including gaining promotion to the Super League.
Leigh
He joined Leigh ahead of their 2020 RFL Championship season.
Featherstone
On 28 May 2022, Hellewell played for Featherstone in their 2022 RFL 1895 Cup final loss against Leigh.
International
He is a Scotland international having made his début in 2011. He was named in their squad for the 2013 Rugby League World Cup, and scored two tries in their 30–30 draw with Italy.
In October and November 2014, Ben played in the 2014 European Cup competition.
In October and November 2015, Ben played in the 2015 European Cup competition.
He was named in the Scotland squad for 2016 Rugby League Four Nations.
He was named in the Scotland squad for 2017 Rugby League World Cup.
References
External links
Leigh Centurions profile
London Broncos profile
SL profile
2017 RLWC profile
1992 births
Living people
Barrow Raiders players
Dewsbury Rams players
English rugby league players
English people of Scottish descent
Featherstone Rovers players
Leigh Centurions players
London Broncos players
Rugby league fullbacks
Rugby league players from Bradford
Scotland national rugby league team players
Sheffield Eagles players
Warrington Wolves players
York City Knights players
Pavel Ilyich Etingof (; born 1969) is an American mathematician of Russian-Ukrainian origin.
Biography
Etingof was born in Kyiv, Ukrainian SSR, and studied in the Kyiv Natural Science Lyceum No. 145 in 1981–1984, and at the Department of Mathematics and Mechanics of the Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv in 1984–1986. He received his M.S. in applied mathematics from the Oil and Gas Institute in Moscow in 1989 and then went to the US in 1990. In 1994 he received his PhD in mathematics at Yale University under Igor Frenkel with thesis Representation Theory and Holonomic Systems. After his PhD, he became Benjamin Peirce Assistant Professor at Harvard University and in 1998 an assistant professor at MIT. Since 2005 he is a Professor at MIT. He is married to Tanya Javits-Etingof (1997–present) and has two daughters; Miriam (1998) and Ariela (2004).
Etingof does research on the intersection of mathematical physics (exactly integrable systems) and representation theory, e.g. quantum groups.
In 1999 he was a Fellow of the Clay Mathematics Institute.
In 2002 he was an invited speaker at the International Congress of Mathematicians in Beijing (On the dynamical Yang–Baxter equation). He is a Fellow of the American Mathematical Society.
In 2010, together with Slava Gerovitch he co-founded the MIT Program for Research In Mathematics, Engineering and Science (PRIMES) for high school students, and has since served as its Chief Research Advisor.
In 2016 he became a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
Works
Quantum fields and strings: a course for mathematicians. Vol. 1, 2. Material from the Special Year on Quantum Field Theory held at the Institute for Advanced Study, Princeton, NJ, 1996–1997. Edited by Pierre Deligne, Pavel Etingof, Daniel S. Freed, Lisa C. Jeffrey, David Kazhdan, John W. Morgan, David R. Morrison and Edward Witten. American Mathematical Society, Providence, RI; Institute for Advanced Study (IAS), Princeton, NJ, 1999. Vol. 1: xxii+723 pp.; Vol. 2: pp. i--xxiv and 727–1501. , 81-06 (81T30 81Txx)
with Frédéric Latour: The dynamical Yang–Baxter equation, representation theory, and quantum integrable systems, Oxford University Press 2005
with Igor Frenkel, Alexander Kirillov, Jr.: Lectures on representation theory and Knizhnik–Zamolodchikov equations, American Mathematical Society 1998
with Alexander Varchenko: Why the boundary of a round drop becomes a curve of order four, American Mathematical Society 1992
Calogero–Moser Systems and Representation Theory, European Mathematical Society 2007 (Zürich Lecture Notes in Advanced Mathematics)
with co-authors: Introduction to Representation theory, Student Mathematical Library, American Mathematical Society 2011
editor with co-editors: The unity of mathematics: in honor of the ninetieth birthday of I. M. Gelfand, Birkhäuser 2006
editor with Shlomo Gelaki and Steven Shnider: Quantum Groups (Konferenz Technion 2004), American Mathematical Society 2007
.
References
External links
Profile at MIT website
1969 births
20th-century American mathematicians
21st-century American mathematicians
Yale Graduate School of Arts and Sciences alumni
Harvard University faculty
Massachusetts Institute of Technology School of Science faculty
Fellows of the American Mathematical Society
Living people
Soviet mathematicians
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
The Alstom PL42AC is a class of four axle B-B diesel-electric locomotive designed by Alstom in association with GM-EMD. 33 were built between 2003 and 2006 for NJ Transit Rail Operations.
Description
The PL42AC is a diesel-electric 4-axle locomotive built by Alstom with 16-710G3B prime mover for New Jersey Transit. The first two locomotives were manufactured at the Meinfesa plant in Valencia, Spain in 2003. The 31 following units were assembled at the Alstom Transport plant in Hornell, New York in 2004 and were produced through early 2006. The power rating of the PL42AC locomotives is 4,200 hp (3.1 MW) total for tractive effort and head-end power. The locomotive has a design similar to the GE Genesis, mainly due to the fact that both PL42AC and Genesis series locomotives were designed by industrial designer Cesar Vergara.
This locomotive uses IGBT technology with precise traction computers for tractive effort. The PL42AC has 800 kilowatts head-end power and WABCO's EPIC II braking system, along with an E-7 wheel slide device, made by Wabtec, preventing flats spots on the wheels through software and hardware.
It has an Intelligent Display Unit (IDU) based on Bombardier Transportation technology from which an engineer or technician can view data or download events and faults from the previous weeks or months. The technician can do a host of tests from the IDU to determine if a specific system is operating correctly.
The PL42AC uses computer hardware and software to control functions and to protect the engine. For example, if the on-board computer detects too little oil in the system, it will shut down the engine to avoid damage.
Replacement
In July 2020, NJ Transit announced that older locomotives in the PL42AC fleet will be replaced by additional ALP-45A dual mode locomotives.
References
Bo-Bo locomotives
NJ Transit Rail Operations
PL42AC
Passenger locomotives
Railway locomotives introduced in 2003
PL42AC
Standard gauge locomotives of the United States
Tanis Rideout is a Canadian writer based in Toronto, Ontario.
Biography
Born in Belgium, Rideout grew up in Bermuda and Canada, particularly Kingston, Ontario where she became involved with the music scene. Rideout has often been referred to as the "Poet Laureate of CanRock."
She has performed on CBC Radio, BookTelevision, ZeD and Citytv. She has toured extensively in North America. Her work has appeared in a range of quarterlies and magazines including A Room of One's Own, Black Heart Magazine, grey borders, Spire, Pontiac Quarterly, Fireweed, echolocation, Witual and Chart, and has been short-listed for a number of prizes, including the Bronwen Wallace Memorial Award, and has received a grant from the Toronto Arts Council.
In the spring of 2005, Rideout joined Sarah Harmer to read her poetry on Harmer's I Love the Escarpment Tour to draw attention to damage being done to the Niagara Escarpment by ongoing quarrying, and appears in the 2006 June award-winning documentary Escarpment Blues. In August 2006 she was named the Poet Laureate for Lake Ontario by the Lake Ontario Waterkeeper and joined Gord Downie (of Canadian band The Tragically Hip) on a tour to promote environmental justice on the lake.
In 2010, Rideout won second prize in the CBC Literary Awards for her poems about Marilyn Bell. Her first novel, Above All Things, was released in Canada in 2012, and in the US and UK in 2013.
Books
Above All Things, McClelland & Stewart, 2012,
Arguments with the Lake, Wolsak and Wynn Publishers Ltd., 2013,
References
Living people
Canadian women poets
Canadian women novelists
Writers from Toronto
21st-century Canadian novelists
21st-century Canadian poets
21st-century Canadian women writers
Year of birth missing (living people)
also known by and his Chinese style name and , was a prince of Ryukyu Kingdom.
He was born to a royal family called Yonagusuku Udun (). He was an adopted son of Namihira Chōbu (). Later, Chōki became the seventh head of Yonagusuku Udun.
Matthew C. Perry's fleet came to Ryukyu in 1854, and demanded an audience with King Shō Tai at Shuri Castle. Chōki was sent to meet him, and signed Ryukyu–US Treaty of Amity () with him.
Makishi Chōchū, Onga Chōkō, Oroku Ryōchū and Prince Tamagawa Chōtatsu were involved in illegal matter in 1859, Chōki was appointed as judge together with Prince Ie Chōchoku, Mabuni Kenyu (), Uza Chōshin () to interrogate them. This incident was known as Makishi Onga Incident ().
Chōki served as sessei from 1861 to 1872.
References
Princes of Ryūkyū
Sessei
People of the Ryukyu Kingdom
Ryukyuan people
19th-century Ryukyuan people
Calendar Girl or Calendar Girls may refer to:
Music
"Calendar Girl" (song), a 1961 song by Neil Sedaka
"Calendar Girl", a song by Stars from Set Yourself on Fire
Calendar Girl (Julie London album), by American singer Julie London
Calendar Girl (soundtrack album), the soundtrack album of the 1993 film
Calendar Girl (Sophie Monk album), by Australian singer Sophie Monk
Calendar Girls, by British pop-rock band The Noise Next Door
Films
The Calendar Girl, a 1917 American comedy drama film directed by Rollin S. Sturgeon
Calendar Girl (1947 film), a 1947 American musical comedy film starring Kenny Baker and Irene Rich
Calendar Girl (1993 film), a 1993 American comedy drama film starring Jason Priestley, Gabriel Olds, and Jerry O'Connell
Calendar Girls (2003 film), a 2003 British comedy film
Calendar Girls (2015 film), a 2015 Indian Hindi-language drama film
Other
Calendar Girls (play), a stage play based on the 2003 film of the same name
Calendar Girls (musical), a musical based on the 2003 film of the same name
Calendar Girl (DC Comics), a fictional character in The New Batman Adventures voiced by Sela Ward
Mack Willie Herron (July 24, 1948 – December 6, 2015) was a professional American football running back who played in the National Football League from 1973 to 1976. He played college football at Kansas State, where he finished second in the nation in scoring during his senior season in 1969.
History
Standing and weighing in at , Herron was selected by the Atlanta Falcons in the sixth round (143rd overall) of the 1970 NFL Draft, but joined the Canadian Football League out of college.
In 1972, while playing for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers, he won the Eddie James Memorial Trophy for being the leading rusher in the CFL's West Division. He led the league in all-purpose yards in both of his CFL seasons. The Blue Bombers released him as a result of a drug arrest in May 1972.
Herron moved to the NFL in 1973, when he joined the New England Patriots. He later played for the Atlanta Falcons. In three seasons, he gained 1,298 rushing yards and scored 9 rushing touchdowns. He also caught 61 passes in his career for 789 yards and 6 touchdowns.
After leading the NFL in kickoff returns and kickoff return yardage in 1973, Herron's best season was 1974 with the Patriots, when he set the then-NFL record for all-purpose yards with 2,444. The Patriots released him midway through the following season, with coach Chuck Fairbanks claiming the release was the result of disappointment with Herron's performance that season and with a late night party Herron threw for teammate Leon Gray. He was then signed by the Falcons. He remains 16th all time in career punt return average and 86th in kickoff return average. In 2009, he was named by the Patriots Hall of Fame nomination committee to the Patriots All-Decade Team for the 1970s as a kick returner.
Herron, a devout Muslim who did not drink or smoke, was arrested some 20 times and served jail time, mainly on drug convictions, according to Chicago Police. He died on December 6, 2015, at the age of 67.
References
1948 births
2015 deaths
American football running backs
Canadian football running backs
Atlanta Falcons players
Farragut Career Academy alumni
Hutchinson Blue Dragons football players
Kansas State Wildcats football players
New England Patriots players
Winnipeg Blue Bombers players
Sportspeople from Biloxi, Mississippi
Players of American football from Mississippi
African-American players of American football
African-American players of Canadian football
African-American Muslims
20th-century African-American sportspeople
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
The buff-bellied tanager (Thlypopsis inornata) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.
Distribution and habitat
It is found in Peru and far southern Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.
References
buff-bellied tanager
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
buff-bellied tanager
buff-bellied tanager
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Regina is a Late Latin feminine name meaning "queen" from the Latin, Italian and Romanian word meaning the same.
List of persons
Historical
Elizabeth Regina (1926-2022), Queen of the United Kingdom and 14 other Commonwealth realms
Regina (concubine), 8th century French concubine of Charlemagne
Regina Basilier (1572-1631), German-Swedish merchant banker
Regina Protmann (1552–1613), Prussian nun
Regina von Siebold (1771–1849), German physician and obstetrician
Saint Regina (martyr), 3rd century French martyr
Musical artists
Regina (singer) (born 1965), Slovenian singer
Regina Belle (born 1963), American singer
Regina Richards (born 1954), American singer
Regina Resnik (1922-2013), American operatic singer
Regina Carter (born 1966), American jazz violinist
Regina "Queen" Saraiva (born 1978), Brazilian musician
Regina Spektor (born 1980), Russian-American singer-songwriter
Regina Todorenko (born 1990), Ukrainian singer and television presenter
Elis Regina (1945–1982), Brazilian singer
Actors
Régina Badet (1876-1949), French actress and dancer
Regina King (born 1971), American actress
Regina Hall (born 1970), American actress
Regina Taylor (born 1960), American actress
Regina Cassandra (born 1988), Indian film actress
Athletes
Regina Joyce (born 1957), Irish long-distance runner
Regina Halmich (born 1976), German boxer
Regina Kulikova (born 1989), Russian tennis player
Politicians
Regina Asamany (born 1927), Ghanaian politician
Regīna Ločmele-Luņova (born 1966), Latvian politician
Regina Ip (born 1950), Hong Kong politician
Regina Weiss, American politician
Other professionals
Regina Anderson (1901–1993), American writer
Regina Barzilay (born 1971), Israeli computer scientist
Regina Brett (born 1956), American journalist
Regina Benjamin (born 1956), American physician and U.S. Surgeon General
Regīna Ezera (1930–2002), Latvian writer
Regina Jonas (1902–1944), the first woman to be ordained as a rabbi
Regina Lopez (1953–2019), Filipina environmentalist and philanthropist
Regina Margareten (1863–1959), Hungarian businesswoman
Regina Martínez Pérez (1963–2012), Mexican journalist
Regina Moran, Irish Engineer
Regina Narva (born 1970), Estonian chess player
Fictional characters
Regina, character in the video games Dino Crisis and Dino Crisis 2
Regina Curtis, a character in Atelier Ayesha: The Alchemist of Dusk
Regina George, a character in the movie Mean Girls
Regina Grier, a character on the sitcom The Steve Harvey Show
Regina Linetti, a character in Brooklyn Nine-Nine
Regina Mills, a main character in the series Once Upon a Time
Regina Phalange, an alias of Phoebe Buffay in the television series Friends
Regina "Reggie" Rocket, a character in the American animated series Rocket Power
Regina Vasquez, a character in the series Switched at Birth
Regina, a character in the Spanish film Volver
See also
Regina (disambiguation)
Regine
References
English feminine given names
Italian feminine given names
Lithuanian feminine given names
Romanian feminine given names
Latin feminine given names
Portuguese feminine given names
cs:Vegina
da:Regina
de:Regina (Vorname)
es:Regina
it:Regina (nome)
he:רג'ינה
la:Regina (nomen)
hu:Regina
nl:Regina (voornaam)
ja:Regina
no:Regina (navn)
nn:Regine
pl:Regina (imię)
pt:Regina
rm:Regina
ru:Regina
sk:Regína
sl:Regina (ime)
sr:Регина (име)
fi:Regina
sv:Regina
The Puerta de Tierra Phalanstery (Spanish: Falansterio de Puerta de Tierra), simply known as El Falansterio and originally known as the Puerta de Tierra Tenement Group Project A, is a historic district and Art Deco public housing building complex from 1937 located in the Puerta de Tierra sub-district of San Juan, Puerto Rico. The district is located in the eastern section of the Islet of San Juan, close to the Capitol of Puerto Rico, and it is bounded by the Manuel Fernández Juncos Avenue to the south, San Juan Bautista Street to the east, and the del Tren and Matías Ledesma Streets to the north and west, respectively.
The building complex today serves as a public condominium owned by Condominio del Falansterio, Inc. and has been listed in the United States National Register of Historic Places since April 4, 1984.
Gallery
See also
Public housing in Puerto Rico
References
Historic districts in Puerto Rico
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Puerto Rico
Public housing in Puerto Rico
1937 establishments in Puerto Rico
The 1913 Scottish Cup Final was the 40th final of the Scottish Cup, Scottish football's most prestigious knockout association football competition. The match took place at Celtic Park on 12 April 1913 and was contested by Division One clubs Falkirk and Raith Rovers. It was both Falkirk's and Raith's début appearance in the Scottish Cup Final.
Both clubs entered the second round, receiving byes along with 28 of the 36 other clubs in the tournament. Neither club won all four of their ties at the first attempt, Falkirk requiring a replay to knock out fellow Division One club Morton in the second round. Falkirk went on to defeat Rangers, Dumbarton and Heart of Midlothian, all previous winners of the cup. Raith Rovers defeated non-league club Broxburn United before knocking out three Division One clubs, needing a replay to eliminate both Hibernian and the previous season's runners-up, Clyde, in the semi-finals.
Neither team had ever made an appearance in the final. The match remains Raith Rovers' only appearance in the Scottish Cup Final to date.
Falkirk won the match 2–0. They took the lead in the first half when Jimmy Robertson scored. Their lead was then extended in the second half to 2–0 with a goal from Tom Logan to conclude victory for Falkirk.
Route to the final
Falkirk
Falkirk received a bye into the second round and faced Division One club Morton at Cappielow in Greenock, with the match ending in a 2–2 draw to force a replay. The replay, a week later, was played at Falkirk's home of Brockville Park with the home team producing a 3–1 victory to progress to the next round. The club's opponents in the third round were 10-time finalists of the tournament, Rangers. The tie was played at Rangers' home Ibrox Stadium and Falkirk scored three first-half goals in a shock 3–1 victory over the club. The quarter-finals saw Division Two club Dumbarton travel to Falkirk, with the home team producing a 1–0 victory to progress to the semi-finals for only the second time in its history. In the semi-final Falkirk faced Edinburgh club Heart of Midlothian at a neutral venue, travelling to Ibrox Park for a second time in the tournament. Falkirk won the match 1–0 and booked a place in its first ever Scottish Cup Final.
Raith Rovers
Like their final opponents, Raith Rovers also received a bye into the second round, being drawn against non-league club Broxburn United away from home. The club produced an emphatic 5–0 victory to advance to the third round. Division One club Hibernian from Edinburgh was the opposition provided for the club in the next round, the two clubs playing out a 2–2 draw in Kirkcaldy. In the replay at Hibernian, Raith emerged on top with a narrow 1–0 victory. In the quarter-finals the club faced another Division One club, St Mirren. The match was played at home and the club won 2–1 to progress to the semi-finals. The runners-up of the previous season's competition, Clyde, played the club for a place in the final. The match ended in 1–1 draw at the neutral venue of Tynecastle Stadium in Edinburgh and forced a replay, Clyde's fifth of the tournament. Rovers managed to overcome their opponents with 1–0 victory a week later, to advance to their first ever Scottish Cup Final.
Match details
References
1913
Cup Final
Falkirk F.C. matches
Raith Rovers F.C. matches
1910s in Glasgow
April 1913 sports events
FC Nefis Kazan (` from — adorable, exquisite) is a Russian football team from Kazan. It will play professionally in the Russian Football National League 2 from 2022 season. The club play their home games at the Elektron Stadium, which has a capacity of 3,000.
Nefis' home kit is red with red shorts, and red socks. This has been used since their establishment in 2021. Unlike FC Rubin, the club is based on local players only.
History
FC Nefis Kazan was established by initiative of senior executives of the Tatar cosmetics company Nefis, in April 2021.
Having win the played in the Tatarstan Top League in their inaugural season without single loses, the football club joined the Russian Football National League 2 from 2022-23 season.
League position
Stadium
The main home ground of Nefis is Elektron Stadium in Kazan, which has a capacity of 3,000. The arena was rebuilt for the 2018 World Cup, new natural grass was planted. There is a Training Center for the youth clubs stationed nearby.
Honours
Tatarstan Football Championship
Champions: 2021
References
External links
FC Nefis Kazan on the Football Federation of the Republic of Tatarstan official website
FC Nefis Kazan on sport-chance.ru
Association football clubs established in 2021
Sport in Kazan
2021 establishments in Russia
Interbank is a Peruvian provider of financial services.
History
In 1897, Elias Mujica opened an agency at Jiron de la Union in Lima's historical center under the name of Banco Internacional. In 1934, branches were opened in Chiclayo and Arequipa, and later expansions included Piura, Sullana and other places in Peru.
Under the military government of Juan Velasco Alvarado, in 1970, the national bank (Banco de la Nacion) purchased Banco Internacional and changed its name to "Banca Asociada del Pais". Ten years later, under the democratic government of Fernando Belaunde Terry, the bank changed its name to InterBanc but it was still property of the Peruvian government.
In July 1994, Carlos Rodriguez-Pastor Sr. along with several North American businessmen purchased 91% of the bank's stocks. The new owners changed the name to Interbank.
Part of the expansion strategy at that point was to open agency branches in supermarkets so customers could shop and bank at the same time.
In 2004, Interbank bought the supermarket chain Supermercados Santa Isabel from the transnational Ahold, and they founded Supermercados Peruanos. They have offices inside Vivanda and Plaza Vea stores. Currently, Interbank has 230 branches, called "tiendas" or stores, over 1,500 ATMs, and over 1,500 Interbank Agentes in Peru.
Services
Interbank provides ATM services under the GlobalNet brand which accept debit and credit cards from around the world, as well as permitting cash deposits. Interbank also provides change machines which exchange notes for coins.
Utility bills can be paid at Interbank branches.
In popular culture
In the movie Don't Look Up, final post-credit scenes depict the owner of Interbank in a cryogenic sleep chamber, among other bourgeois billionaires, having survived the planet-killer comet that destroyed Earth. Having slept for over 70,000 years, the chambers are shown to start opening.
See also
Supermercados Peruanos
Cineplanet
GlobalNet
External links
Interbank
Banks of Peru
Banks established in 1897
Companies based in Lima
Peruvian brands
Fabian Kunze (born 14 June 1998) is a German professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Hannover 96.
Personal life
He is the twin brother of fellow professional footballer Lukas Kunze, who plays in the 3. Liga for VfL Osnabrück.
References
Living people
1998 births
Association football midfielders
German footballers
FC Schalke 04 players
SV Rödinghausen players
Arminia Bielefeld players
Hannover 96 players
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
Regionalliga players
Sportspeople from Bielefeld
Footballers from North Rhine-Westphalia
Pervis Ferris Young (24 March 1928 - 29 May 2003) was magistrate of the British Overseas Territory of Pitcairn Island from 1967 until 1975. Young was born on Pitcairn Island and died in 2003 at Auckland. He was succeeded by his brother-in-law Ivan Christian, and was uncle to future mayors Steve Christian and Brenda Christian.
Ancestry
References
1928 births
Pitcairn Islands politicians
2003 deaths
Pitcairn Islands people of Saint Kitts and Nevis descent
Pitcairn Islands people of English descent
Pitcairn Islands people of Manx descent
Pitcairn Islands people of Polynesian descent
Pitcairn Islands people of Scottish descent
Pitcairn Islands people of Cornish descent
Pitcairn Islands people of American descent
Dimethylaminophosphorus dichloride is an organophosphorus compound with the formula Me2NPCl2 (Me = methyl). A colorless liquid, it is a reagent in the preparation of other organophosphorus compounds. Many analogous compounds can be prepared from the reactions of secondary amines and phosphorus trichloride:
2 R2NH + PCl3 → R2NPCl2 + R2NH2Cl
Reactions
Further equivalents of amine react with dialkylaminophosphorus dichlorides:
2 R2NH + R2NPCl2 → (R2N)2PCl + R2NH2Cl
Since the P-NR2 bond is not attacked by Grignard reagents, dimethylaminophosphorus dichloride can be selectively dimethylated:
2 MeMgBr + Me2NPCl2 → Me2NPMe2 + 2 MgBrCl
The resulting dimethylphosphino derivative, a structural relative of tetramethylhydrazine, reacts with hydrogen chloride to give chlorodimethylphosphine:
Me2NPMe2 + 2 HCl → ClPMe2 + Me2NH2Cl
References
Phosphines
There is a large Haitian diaspora in Mexico. According to a 2021 report, there are approximately 71,559 Haitian-born people living in Mexico.
History
An amount of Haitians moved to Mexico during the presidency of François Duvalier in the 1970s, and relocated to Mexico City and other cities.
After the 2010 Haitian earthquake, 324 Haitians relocated to Mexico via a Mexican naval ship from January 12 to late April 2010. According to the National Migration Institute (INM), each Haitian would be granted a "humanitarian visa", allowing them to work and study in Mexico, use public services, and travel to and from the country. The Haitians settled primarily in Mexico City, Pachuca, and Monterrey. Most of the Haitians who moved after the earthquake had relatives who were already living in Mexico.
Haitians, as well as other migrants, took up residence in Tijuana, Baja California and Mexicali, Baja California and several other Mexican cities seeking entry to the United States. According to the top immigration official in the state of Baja California, in a span of a few weeks in May and June 2016, stated that a large amount of the migrants arriving in Tijuana came from Haiti, but claim they are from African countries with which Mexico lacks diplomatic relations, in order to avoid being deported by Mexican authorities.
In September 2016, United States ended the entry of Haitian migrants as refugees. Many trapped Haitian migrants reluctantly stayed in Mexico settling either in Tijuana or Mexicali rather than attempt to cross into the United States or return to Haiti. They were issued temporary resident cards and the CURP tax identification numbers. The Haitian community has settled in the Divina Providencia neighborhood of the city.
Demographics
There are 940 Haitian-born people living in Mexico, as of 2010, according to the OCED. In 2017, there were approximately 5,000 Haitian-born people living in Mexico, primarily in the border region with the United States.
See also
Haiti–Mexico relations
Afro-Mexicans
References
Ethnic groups in Mexico
Mexico
Ruckerville is an unincorporated community in Clark County, in the U.S. state of Kentucky.
History
A post office called Ruckerville was established in 1850, and remained in operation until 1909. The community derives its name from Reuben Rucker, an original owner of the town site.
References
Unincorporated communities in Clark County, Kentucky
Unincorporated communities in Kentucky
Rossendale Football Club was an amateur football club based in the village of Newchurch within the Rossendale borough of Lancashire, England. The club was founded in 1877 and was a founder member of the Lancashire League in 1889–90; however the club folded at the end of the 1896–97 season.
Myrtle Grove years
The club was founded in 1877, under the name Myrtle Grove and playing in Cloughfold. The club was a founder member of the Lancashire Football Association in 1878 and its first recorded match was a 1–1 draw against Blackburn Law in October 1878, after the club secretary placed a press advert looking for opponents "within 20 miles distant of Cloughfold". The club played in the fist Lancashire Senior Cup, losing 5–4 at home in the first round to Great Lever.
Pre-League years
For the start of the 1881–82 season, the club moved to Dark Lane in Newchurch and changed its name to Rossendale. It won a tie in the Lancashire Cup for the first time under the new name that season, beating the obscure Barrow Rangers and Back-of-Bank (from Bolton) to reach the third round. In 1882-83 the club got its biggest win, in the same competition, 12-1 over Tong of Bolton.
Two years later the club made its FA Cup debut, losing in the first round to Irwell Springs. In 1884–85 the club was unlucky enough to be drawn away to Blackburn Rovers, in the midst of their hat-trick of Cup wins. In front of a small crowd of 600, Rossendale lost 11–0, with three more goals against being disallowed for offside.
The following season, the club went on its best FA Cup run to date, beating Low Moor in the first round and hammering Padiham 9–1 in the second; Padiham could not field most of its first choice players, as they were recently acquired professionals, and so were ineligible for the competition. The run ended in the third round when Church beat Rossendale 5–1 with three late goals.
The gap between the amateur club and the professionals was shown by heavy defeats in the club's first Cup matches in 1886–87 and 1887–88, the former 10–2 at home to the Glaswegian club Cowlairs (after receiving a bye) in front of a crowd of 2,000, the latter to local rivals Accrington. For 1888–89 the club was placed in the qualifying rounds, being knocked out at the third stage; it did not enter the Cup again until 1892–93, losing in the final qualifying round to Blackpool.
Lancashire League years
In 1889–90, Rossendale was one of the 14 clubs which founded the Lancashire League. The first season was a difficult one, the club finishing second from bottom with 7 wins from 24 matches (Earlestown was expelled for not fulfilling its fixtures), but by 1891–92 the club was finishing 4th, with two future Football Leagues clubs (Bury and Blackpool) finishing above it.
However, by 1896–97, the village club could no longer compete with the professional and semi-professional sides in the area. It lost in the first qualifying round of the FA Cup to Clitheroe and finished bottom of the Lancashire League, and was wound up at the end of the season.
Two years later a new club, Rossendale United, was formed, playing in the same colours and at the same ground.
Colours
The club's original kit was all navy blue. By 1884 the club had changed to amber and black, and by 1886 to blue and white stripes.
Notable players
Robert Haresnape, former Blackburn Rovers regular
References
Defunct football clubs in England
Defunct football clubs in Lancashire
Association football clubs disestablished in the 19th century
Çaygökpınar is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 909 people.
References
Villages in Bolu District
Pure verbs, or vocalic verbs, are those verbs of the Greek language that have their word stem ending in a vowel (monophthong of diphthong).
Origins
The Greek pure verbs can be assigned to several derivational types in the preceding Proto-Indo-European language:
Most of the verbs in -αω are derived from nominal ā-stems by forming the present tense with the suffix -i̯e-/-i̯o-: νικάω < *νῑκᾱ-i̯o- ‘to win, prevail', from νίκα ‘victory'; τιμάω < *τῑμᾱ-i̯o- ‘to honor, revere', from τιμά ‘honor'. A few verbs of this class underived verbs, e. g. δράω ‘to do', σπάω ‘to draw, pull'.
Verbs in -εω are derived from a range of nominal stems: φιλέω < *φιλε-i̯o- ‘to love', from φίλος ‘dear, beloved'; τελέω < *τελεσ-i̯o- ‘to finish', from τέλος ‘target, destination'; φωνέω < *φωνε-i̯o- ‘to make a sound', from φονή ‘sound'; μαρτυρέω < *μαρτυρε-i̯o- ‘to testify', from μάρτυς ‚witness'. Examples for underived verbs in this class are: ῥέω < *ῥεϝω ‘to flow', ζέω < *ζεσω ‘to boil'.
The verbs in -οω are mainly factitives derived from nominal o-stems: δηλόω ‘to clarify, reveal', from δῆλος ‘clear, obvious', δουλόω ‘to enslave, conquer', from δοῦλος ‘servant, slave'.
The verbs in -ιω are derived from nominal i-stems: μηνίω ‘to be angry', from μῆνις ‘anger, wrath'.
Among the verbs in -υω, there are underived ones, e. g. φύω ‘to produce, issue', as well as some denominal verbs derived from u-stems, e. g. μεθύω ‘to be drunk', from μέθυ ‘wine'.
The verbs in -ευω are derived from nominal consonant stems: παιδεύω ‘to educate', from παῖς ‘child', δουλεύω ‘to serve, to be a slave', from δοῦλος ‘servant, slave'.
The verbs in -αιω are derived with the -i̯e-/-i̯o-suffix from roots ending in u̯: καίω < *καϝ-i̯o- ‘to burn'; κλαίω < *κλαϝ-i̯o- ‘to weep, wail'.
Conjugation
The following tables show the conjugated forms of the pure verb λῡ́ειν ‘to solve; to free; to destroy' in classical Attic Greek.
Contract verbs
In the present and imperfect tenses, the sounds represented by α and ο, in Attic Greek also ε, are usually merged with the following thematic vowel: τιμάω > τιμῶ ‘I revere', καλέω > καλῶ ‘I call'. In the Aeolic and Arcadocypriot dialects these verbs join the athematic class: κάλημμι ‘I call'.
Contract future tense forms
Some verbs in Attic Greek, among them all Verbs in -ίζω, have contracted future tense forms, that look the same as the present forms of verbs in -εω:
Literature
Carl Darling Buck, Comparative Grammar of Greek and Latin, Chicago/London 1933, p. 262 ff.
Carl Darling Buck, The Greek Dialects, Chicago 1955, p. 122 ff.
Jean Louis Burnouf, Méthode pour étudier la langue grecque, Paris 1835, p. 62 ff.
Raphael Kühner/Friedrich Blass, Ausführliche Grammatik der griechischen Sprache. Erster Teil: Elementar- und Formenlehre II, 3rd revised edition, Hannover 1892, pp. 98 ff., 122 ff., 198 ff.
Indo-European verbs
Greek grammar
Ancient Greek
Norberto Barba (born September 12, 1963) is an American television and film director. He is known for his work on Grimm and the Law & Order franchise.
Biographical details
A native of the Bronx, New York, Barba studied at Regis High School in New York City. He also spent two years at Columbia University and later went to USC School of Cinematic Arts. After earning his degree, he became a director fellow at the American Film Institute, where he earned his postgraduate degree in film production.
Barba made his directorial debut in 1992 with the short film Chavez Ravine, which tells the story of a father and son struggling to defend their home against city developers planning to build Dodger Stadium in the mid-1950s. In addition, he directed Blue Tiger (1994) and Solo (1996), before specializing as a director/producer for television programs.
His television credits include series such as New York Undercover, Level 9, Resurrection Blvd., American Dreams, CSI: Miami, Numb3rs, CSI: NY, Blade: The Series, Fringe, Grimm, Law & Order: Criminal Intent, Law & Order: Special Victims Unit, Threshold, Kojak and Medical Investigation, as well in Apollo 11: The Movie (1996).
Barba is a three-time ALMA Award nominated. He also served in the U.S. Army Reserves, attending basic training at Ft. Sill, OK in early 1990 and then serving in a Psychological Operations unit of the U.S. Army Special Forces.
He departed his position as executive producer and director on NBC's Grimm after Season Five to pursue other directing opportunities.
References
External links
Film directors from New York City
American television directors
1963 births
Living people
Columbia University alumni
USC School of Cinematic Arts alumni
Regis High School (New York City) alumni
Mariano Rojas (12 June 1973 – 23 June 1996) was a Spanish professional racing cyclist. He rode in the 1995 Tour de France. His brother is José Joaquín Rojas.
References
External links
1973 births
1996 deaths
Spanish male cyclists
Cyclists from the Region of Murcia
People from Cieza, Murcia
Road incident deaths in Spain
Postmane Kananilla is a 1972 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by Kunchacko. The film stars Prem Nazir, K. P. Ummer, Vijayasree and KPAC Lalitha. The film's score was composed by G. Devarajan.
Cast
Prem Nazir
K. P. Ummer
Vijayasree
KPAC Lalitha
Adoor Bhasi
Manavalan Joseph
Adoor Pankajam
Alummoodan
Aryad Gopalakrishnan
Baby Indira
Kaduvakulam Antony
Kavitha
N. Govindankutty
Paravoor Bharathan
Philomina
S. P. Pillai
Vijayakala
Vijayanirmala
Jayan Uncredited role
D Philip
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan with lyrics by Vayalar Ramavarma.
References
External links
1972 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
This is a list of rivers in Senegal. This list is arranged by drainage basin, with respective tributaries indented under each larger stream's name.
Atlantic Ocean
Sénégal River
Vallée du Ferlo
Tiângol Lougguéré
Vallée de Mboune
Doué River
Falémé River
Saloum River
Sine River
Gambia River
Sandougou River
Koulountou River
Niéri Ko
Mayél Samou
Niokolo Koba
Geba River (Kayanga River)
Casamance River
Cool River
References
Rand McNally, The New International Atlas, 1993.
GEOnet Names Server
Senegal
Rivers
Coprine is a mycotoxin. It was first isolated from common inkcap (Coprinopsis atramentaria). It occurs in mushrooms in the genera Coprinopsis When combined with alcohol, it causes "Coprinus syndrome". It inhibits the enzyme acetaldehyde dehydrogenase, which is involved in the metabolism of alcohol. This inhibition leads to a buildup of acetaldehyde, causing an alcohol flush reaction. Because of this, the mushroom is commonly referred to as Tippler's Bane.
History
Because of the similarities to disulfram (tetraethylthiuram disulfide) poisoning, it was long speculated that disulfram was the active ingredient in common inkcap. In 1956 it was reported that disulfram had been isolated from coprinus, but this finding could not be replicated. In 1975, coprine was identified as the compound in the common inkcap, with the mechanism identified in 1979.
Symptoms
Symptoms of coprine poisoning include facial reddening/flushing, nausea, vomiting, malaise, agitation, palpitations, tingling in limbs, and sometimes headache and excessive salivation. This can be described as the alcohol flush reaction. Symptoms typically arise five to ten minutes after consumption of alcohol. If no more alcohol is consumed, the symptoms will generally subside over two to three hours, and symptom severity is proportional to the amount of alcohol consumed. Consumption of alcohol can induce these symptoms for up to 5 days after ingesting coprine. Interestingly, symptoms of coprine poisoning do not appear when the mushroom is ingested raw, but only when the mushroom is cooked.
In examining coprine poisoning cases in Germany in 2010, none of the patients died, and all made full recoveries after abstaining from alcohol. In one case medical care was not sought at all, and while there was a range in time of ethanol consumption after mushroom consumption, all the cases had well-cooked the mushrooms before ingestion.
The symptoms of coprine poisoning and alcohol consumption are similar to those induced by disulfiram (marketed as Antabuse), a drug utilized to treat chronic alcoholism by inducing severe side-effects to alcohol consumption. Because of this, research was done into the use of coprine as a similar drug for alcoholism. However, testing has shown coprine to have long-term mutagenic and reproductive effects, making it ill-suited for long-term use.
Mechanism of action
Coprine hydrolyzes to glutamic acid and 1-aminocyclopropanol, which inhibits the enzyme acetaldehyde dehydrogenase. 1-aminocyclopropanol quickly converts to cyclopropanone hydrate, which binds covalently to the thiol group present in the enzyme, deactivating the dehydrogenase activity. This inhibition then causes a buildup of acetaldehyde if ethanol is ingested. Since acetaldehyde is toxic and can no longer be metabolized to the less toxic acetic acid, the characteristic symptoms of coprine poisoning occur. However, as shown in the mechanism below, the covalent bonding is reversible, which is what allows symptoms to subside if no more alcohol is consumed.
1-Aminocyclopropanol also deactivates the esterase activity of acetaldehyde dehydrogenase, but less significantly.
Synthesis
Coprine is the first discovered compound with a naturally occurring cyclopropanone group. Chemical synthesis can be effectively carried out by conducting an N-acylation reaction on 1-aminocyclopropanol. Treatment of isocyanatocyclopropane with hydrochloric acid leads to the hydrochloride of 1-aminocyclopropanol. Adding sodium hydroxide to create 1-aminocyclopropanol will destabilize the structure, so synthesis must be conducted using the hydrochloride. The addition of the hydrochloride to N-phthaloyl-L-glutamic anhydride will undergo acylation. Lastly, the blocking group is removed using hydrazine, yielding coprine. The enantiomer, isocoprine, is formed in negligible quantities in small-scale synthesis but is synthesized in higher amounts in large-scale, industrial synthesis.
References
Acetaldehyde dehydrogenase inhibitors
Amino acid derivatives
Cyclopropanes
Mycotoxins
Padbury is a village within the Buckinghamshire unitary authority area, England. It is located on the A413 main road that links Buckingham with Winslow.
History
The village name is Old English in origin, and means 'Padda's fortress'. In the Domesday Book of 1086 the village was recorded as Pateberie. The Manor of Padbury was exchanged, around the time of the Norman Conquest, for the Manor of Iver between Robert Doyley and Robert Clarenbold of the Marsh.
The village had the distinction in Domesday as being one of the few villages in the country still owned by a native rather than a Norman family. It remained in this family (who later took the name 'de Wolverton' after the town of Wolverton) until 1442 when it was sold to All Souls College, Oxford.
Padbury is near Milton Keynes, just under 50 miles north of London.
During the English Civil War Padbury was the site of a skirmish between the Royalist and Parliamentarian forces. The Royalists won on this occasion, and the burial of eight Parliamentarian soldiers is recorded in the burial register for 2 July 2 1643.
In December 2014 a hoard of 5,251½ silver coins from the late Anglo Saxon period was found in a field at Lenborough near Padbury by an 8 year old boy and had originally been deposited within a lead container; they were sent to the British Museum for evaluation and conservation.
Hospitality
The village features two pubs, 'The New Inn' and 'The 4 and 20'.
The 4 and 20 pub has shut down and is currently up for sale - with plans to turn it into a house.
However, Padbury's residents are against this idea, and hope to turn it into a 'community hub' - with some residents investing.
Facilities
The village has two tennis courts, a football pitch and a Multi Use Games Area (MUGA).
Education
Padbury Church of England School is a mixed Church of England primary school. It is a voluntary controlled school, which takes children from the age of four through to the age of eleven. The school has approximately 110 pupils. It has been ranked in the top 10 performing schools of over 220 primary schools in Buckinghamshire.
References
External links
Villages in Buckinghamshire
A384 may refer to:
Autovía A-384, a highway in Andalusia, Spain
A384 road (England), a road in Devon
Samet may refer to:
Samet (name)
Samet, Buriram, a subdistrict in Thailand
Samad, a Semitic name rendered as Samet in Turkish
Ko Samet, one of the Eastern Seaboard Islands of Thailand
The Junior Tennis Champions Center (JTCC) is a tennis training center and preparatory school in College Park, Maryland. Founded in 1999, JTCC trains junior, collegiate and professional tennis players.
The center hosts United States Tennis Association (USTA) and International Tennis Federation (ITF) Junior World Tour events, and serves as the training center for the University of Maryland's women's tennis team.
The center has 17 outdoor courts and 15 indoor courts, including hardcourts, Har-Tru courts, and red clay courts.
History
JTCC was founded in 1999 by investment banker Ken Brody. The school was incorporated as a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization meant to serve Washington, D.C., and its Maryland suburbs of Montgomery County and Prince George's County. Rather than recruiting players from around the country and world, like some tennis academies, the center aims to discover and harvest the best tennis talent from the Washington metropolitan area, JTCC officials said in 2014.
JTCC began operating with 40 recruited junior tennis players from the Mid-Atlantic region.
From 1999 to 2010, future World No. 24 Frances Tiafoe often stayed at the center five nights a week, sleeping in a back room with his brother and his father, the center's head of maintenance. Tiafoe attended school and was coached by the staff at the center.
By 2004, JTCC had demonstrated enough success in junior tennis to earn a designation as a USTA Regional Training Center.
JTCC reached a multi-year agreement with Fila in 2013. As a result of this agreement, Fila has a shop at JTCC and top JTCC players are provided with Fila apparel for junior tournaments.
In 2013 and 2018, JTCC received the USTA's USA Developmental Program of the Year Award for training youth tennis players.
Tournaments held
The center has hosted various USTA regional tournaments. It hosts the Wayne K. Curry Prince George's County International Junior Tennis Championships, an ITF Junior World Tour Grade 1 event. The tournament has drawn numerous future professional tennis players including Daniil Medvedev, Stefanos Tsitsipas, Denis Shapovalov, Reilly Opelka, Felix Auger-Aliassime, Frances Tiafoe, Casper Ruud, Tommy Paul, Sebastian Korda, Coco Gauff, Sofia Kenin and Claire Liu.
JTCC also hosts the ITA Bedford Cup Mid-Atlantic Championships, which is an NCAA Division I women's tennis tournament that draws teams from around the country. Participating schools have included the University of Maryland, University of Delaware, Georgetown University, James Madison University and George Washington University.
Programs
Community outreach
Since 2009, JTCC has run the GEICO Game On! program, which brings JTCC coaches to inner-city schools and recreation centers to teach at-risk children how to play tennis.
High Performance program
The High Performance program has four components: Full Time, Champs I, Champs II, and Junior Champs. Each group has players between ages 6 and 18, and trains for collegiate recruitment.
School
JTCC uses the Laurel Springs School as its distance schooling program. Players in the Full Time High Performance program usually are enrolled in the program to help maximize training time. The school claims that "every student who has graduated from JTCC's Champions program has earned a scholarship to a Division I program or a facilitated acceptance at a Division III or Ivy League college or university and/or have pursued careers in professional tennis."
The program's graduates have gone on to attend all the Ivy League colleges, Stanford, Chicago, Virginia, UCLA, Illinois, North Carolina, Maryland, Penn State, Michigan, Texas, Georgia Tech, Carnegie Mellon, Emory, Rice, Duke, Georgetown, George Washington, Notre Dame, Wake Forest and many other colleges and universities.
Notable alumni
JTCC has trained numerous NCAA college tennis players, including NCAA Division I, II, and III champions and All-American players.
The center has also trained professional tennis players during professional events, including the US Open Series' Washington Open, the ATP 500, and WTA International tournament at the nearby William H.G. FitzGerald Tennis Center.
Usue Arconada: Reached #130 in the WTA rankings, 2016 Wimbledon Girls' Doubles Champion
Beatrice Capra: Reached WTA #201
Tamara Culibrk: WTA player
Andrew Fenty: ATP player, tennis player at the University of Michigan, reached #2 in NCAA doubles rankings, reached #14 in NCAA singles rankings, 2020 Big Ten Player of the Year
Treat Huey: Reached #18 in the ATP doubles rankings
Tara Iyer: Reached #350 in the ATP singles rankings
Frances Tiafoe: Reached ATP #24, 2022 US Open Singles semifinalist, 2019 Australian Open Singles quarter-finalist, 2018 Delray Beach Open Singles Champion, 2013 Orange Bowl Champion
Denis Kudla: Reached ATP #53
Robin Montgomery: Reached WTA #593, 2021 US Open Girls' Singles and Doubles Champion, 2019 Orange Bowl Singles Champion
Cameron Morra: Reached WTA #1,008
Skylar Morton: Reached WTA #1,198
Olga Puchkova: Reached WTA #32
Alison Riske: Reached WTA #18
Phillip Simmonds: Reached ATP #219
Michael Shabaz: Reached ATP #394
Hailey Baptiste: Reached WTA #164, 3-time ITF title Champion
Evan Zhu: Reached ATP #495
Vera Zvonareva: Reached WTA #2, 2010 Wimbledon Singles finalist, 2010 US Open Singles finalist and 2008 Olympics Bronze medalist
Notable staff
Martin Blackman, retired ATP player and former Director of JTCC, reached #158 in ATP singles rankings
Brian Gottfried, retired ATP player and senior advisor to JTCC, reached #3 in the ATP singles rankings, finalist at the 1977 French Open and #2 in the ATP doubles rankings
Claudio Pistolesi, retired ATP player and senior advisor to JTCC, reached #71 in the ATP singles rankings
Richey Reneberg, retired ATP player and co-founder of JTCC, reached #20 in the ATP singles rankings and #1 in the ATP doubles rankings
Megan Moulton-Levy, retired WTA player and General Manager of Player Development at JTCC, reached #237 in the WTA singles rankings and #50 in the WTA doubles rankings
References
Tennis venues in the United States
Sports venues in Maryland
Tennis academies
Junior tennis
1999 establishments in Maryland
Reading Racers are a British motorcycle speedway team. Formed in 1968, they won four British League titles during their history. The club closed in October 2008 after the lease on Smallmead Stadium was sold and the site was demolished. In 2016 a group of supporters reformed the team and have subsequently gone on to gain a place in the newly founded Southern Development League winning their debut season undefeated in 2017.
History
1968–1974
The club was formed in 1968 and were founder members of British League Division Two. The team were originally based at the Reading Stadium (Oxford Road) until the stadium closed in 1973. In their final year the Racers won their first British League title. Swede Anders Michanek was in imperious form, going undefeated in home fixtures and finishing with a 11.36 average. In addition to Michanek the team was boosted by high scoring from Norwegian Dag Lövaas and Australian Geoff Curtis and supported by Peter Murray, Richard May, Mick Bell and Bernie Leigh. In a sensational finish to the 1973 Knockout Cup final Reading were beaten by Belle Vue in a run-off for the Cup after an aggregate draw over two legs.
1975–1996
Smallmead Stadium was constructed during 1974, near the site of a refuse tip close to Junction 11 of the M4 motorway. The Racers returned for the 1975 season, a crowd of 9,264 witnessed the opening meeting against Hull and Reading won the match by 18 points. The club finished 6th that campaign and had an average crowd of almost 6,500 every meeting. Between 1976 and 1979 the crowd figures remained high, despite a poor 1978 when the club finished 14th out 19 teams.
The club enjoyed a successful 1980 season, winning the British League title and attracting crowds of over 7,000 on a regular basis. Reading's success came down to three strong heat leaders, Swedish champion Jan Andersson, their new American signing Bobby Schwartz and England international John Davis. All three produced season averages around the 10 mark, which enabled the team to constantly pick up victories. The club made headline news with a £40,000 insurance bond payment for winning the league title, which gained much media interest. However, behind the scenes unrest in the management structure saw major changes at the end of the season with Bill Dore taking control of the club with local businessman Frankie Higley. Dore's daughter Pat Bliss became more involved in the running of the speedway and Dore's son Martyn was tasked with the maintenance of the track and stadium. Despite tracking very competitive looking teams in the mid-1980s the club never achieved the dizzy heights of the start of the decade, until 1990 when the appointment of loyal fan Tim Sugar as the team manager saw the club win the league title in both 1990 and 1992, with top rider Per Jonsson also crowned world speedway champion in 1990. Jeremy Doncaster and their new Australian signing Todd Wiltshire topped the reading averages in 1990 and Jonsson averaged 10.04 in 1992. However, Jonsson suffered terrible injuries in a crash in Poland in 1994, and this had an adverse effect on the club and its fortunes. 1995 and 1996 were poor seasons for the club, as crowds dropped and media interest waned.
1997–2008
The 1997 season saw the club drop down to the second tier of the league for the first time since 1970. Although the Premier League name remained the same the top clubs formed the new Elite League. The decision not to join the Elite League brought some much-needed success for the club as they were crowned champions that year, with Dave Mullett (who had been part of the championship winning teams in 1990 and 1992) proving to be the best rider in the league, the team subsequently won the double after winning the Knockout Cup. The period 1999 to 2003 were lean years for the club, which had seen veteran promoter Chris Shears and his son Ivan become part of the promotional set up.
By 2004, Ivan Shears had replaced team manager Sugar and the club showed signs of resurgence with a large sponsorship deal with local telecomms company Euphony Communications. This secured the funds for the signature of English rider Danny Bird and Slovenian Matej Žagar. Bird and Phil Morris (who replaced an injured Žagar) won the Premier League Pairs Championship in June of that season. 2005 was a disappointing season for Reading and by the end of the campaign there were signs that the club need new investment to survive. Consequently, the promotion sold the club to BSI Speedway in 2006. The new promotion took Reading into the Elite League and changed the club name to the Reading Bulldogs. Their first season was a huge success on track as the Bulldogs narrowly missed out on the title, losing by a single point to Peterborough Panthers in the play-off final. The success on track wasn't mirrored off track, as crowds were on average around 650 people short of the 2,000 required each meeting to break even, the fact that Smallmead Stadium had no seen no real investment to its infrastructure since it was built was a key factor in this, although many fans also blamed the changing of the club nickname from Racers to Bulldogs, a move which had seen a number of the hardcore fans of the club boycott meetings as a protest.
The majority of the successful 2006 team were retained for the 2007 season, but crowds dropped alarmingly, with some meetings being witnessed by less than 900 fans. This led to BSI deciding to put the club up for sale mid-season, which resulted in the club being purchased by Swindon-based businessman Mark Legg, who appointed ex-rider Malcolm Holloway as his co-promoter, with the astute Tim Sugar returning as Team Manager, whilst the club's press officer and webmaster Andy Povey was appointed to head up rider recruitment, marketing and commercial activities. It was confirmed at the time of the takeover that Reading would see out the remaining fixtures of the 2007 season in the Elite League.
the club also reverted to their original Reading Racers name. the new promotion and new change had little effect on the crowds and the new owners lost a reported six-figure sum in the space of four months.
The club opted to drop a division to the Premier League in 2008, the season was a traumatic time on and off track for the club. Povey and Holloway's team building decisions proved disastrous, with only Dane Ulrich Østergaard's performances saving their blushes on numerous occasions. However performances on track were overshadowed by the news that the Smallmead Stadium lease expired in October 2008 and would not be renewed. A final farewell meeting was held on 19 October 2008, as a near capacity crowd of 3,200 including former Reading riders Anders Michanek, Jan Andersson, Bernie Leigh, John Davis, Richard May, Tony Olsson and Phil Morris witnessed Ulrich Ostergaard win the £3,000 winner's purse.
Return
In 2016 a group of supporters got together to bring back the team and following various meetings, in September 2016 the Reading Racers rode in a challenge match against Weymouth Wildcats. In the Winter of 2016, The Speedway Action Group showed their interest in entering the SDL Southern Development League. This league was given the go ahead from the Speedway Control Board and Reading Racers along with Weymouth, Plymouth, Kent and Exeter formed the SDL. The 2017 season was Reading's first back in a League since 2008, at an adopted home in Eastbourne. They were unbeaten during the season and the inaugural Southern Development League Champions. During 2018 the Racers contested the 2nd year of the Southern Development League to defend their title while remaining at Eastbourne for their home track. They finished runners-up in the league. In 2019 they were given a chance to come closer to home by using Swindon as they home track. This season started well, but due to an injury to Sam Norris the team struggled to get a replacement and finished mid table.
In 2019 the Reading Racers returned closer to home, they used Abbey Stadium for their home matches. After a good start to the 2019 season rider Sam Norris had a serious crash and was in intensive care with a brain injury. This shook the whole Racers team and management. The Racers didn't really recovery from this and finished the season mid table. After the 2019 season ended the Racers management Emma Stevens, Andy Griffin, Gene Carter and Mat Stevens started to plan for the 2020 season, they continued to make a number of contacts and leads to find a piece of Land in the Reading area ensuring the BSPA were kept up to date showing them details of progress which was asked for the previous season. Of which the Racers thought was sufficient as we were not asked for more from anyone from the SCB or BSPA.
At the beginning of 2020 the team started to come together, only to be told by the BSPA that no nomadic teams could race unless they had their own track. So the Racers decided to take a break from the 2020 season to concentrate on following up plans to raise funds and find a Willing sponsor to build their Dream track back in the Reading area. After the Covid-19 outbreak the whole Speedway season was put on hold.
Stadium plans
With Smallmead Stadium's lease expiring in October 2008, the club announced plans for new stadium at Island Road, Reading. A new complex featuring greyhound racing, and a casino as well as speedway has been given the go ahead by the local council. The plans for the new stadium did not go ahead as agreed. The Promoter rights are now with the Reading Speedway Action Group who are seeking land in the Berkshire area to build a stadium, to bring Racers home. Their vision is to be in the Berkshire area by 2020.
Season summary
Season summary (juniors)
Notable riders
References
Defunct British speedway teams
Racers
Michael Serbinis (born 28 October 1973) is a Canadian entrepreneur, engineer and angel investor based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
While a student, Serbinis worked for Microsoft on advanced routing algorithms. Early in his career he then worked alongside Elon Musk at Zip2.
He later helped found the cloud-based document storage network company DocSpace. In December 2009, Serbinis co-founded Kobo Inc., a digital reading company. In 2014, Serbinis launched League, a digital health and wellness benefits platform. Along with being a co-founder, he also serves as Chief Executive Officer.
Early life and education
Serbinis was born in Hamilton, Ontario. While in high school Serbinis designed a high-temperature superconductor propulsion system that won Gold at the Intel International Science and Engineering Fair. That achievement would eventually lead him to opportunities to work with NASA, Rockwell Aerospace and Intel.
Serbinis attended Queen's University at Kingston and graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree. While there, his research focused around quantum cryptography. He also has a Masters of Science in industrial engineering from the University of Toronto, where he researched neural networks and the use of artificial intelligence to price loans dynamically.
Career
At age 19, Serbinis entered the Ontario Engineering Competition. His entry in the competition was a frictionless motor operated by a new generation of software code that mimicked genetic coding. Because the software constantly evolved, the motor was able to hover effortlessly above a magnetic bearing without crashing. One of the judges, Ken Nickerson, who was an executive at Microsoft at the time decided to give Serbinis a summer job with the company.
Zip2 and Kobo
Serbinis worked alongside Elon Musk at Zip2. Zip2 primarily provided and licensed online city guide software to newspapers. It was eventually sold to Altavista for $300 million.
Serbinis then helped found a cloud-based document storage network company called DocSpace. Two years after DocSpace was launched, San Francisco-based Critical Path Inc. agreed to acquire it for $530 million.
In 2001, Serbinis was appointed Chief Technology Officer of Critical Path.
In 2009, Serbinis co-founded Kobo Inc., a digital reading company. In January 2012, Kobo was acquired by Japanese e-commerce conglomerate Rakuten for $315 million. By 2014, Kobo had over 18 million users in 193 countries.
League Inc.
In 2014 Serbinis launched League Inc., a digital health and wellness platform. Along with being a co-founder, Serbinis also serves as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman. In 2016, League raised a US$25 million Series A. In June 2017, League expanded its platform into the US. In July 2018, League raised a US$41.7 million Series B.
Perimeter Institute
In 2021 when Mike Lazaridis stepped down from his role as chairman of the board of the Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics in Waterloo, Ontario, Serbinis (a long-time existing member of the board) became the chair.
Personal life
Serbinis lives in Toronto with his family.
References
External links
1973 births
Businesspeople in online retailing
Businesspeople from Ontario
Canadian people of Greek descent
Canadian technology chief executives
Chief information officers
Chief technology officers
Indigo Books and Music people
Kobo Inc.
Living people
People from Hamilton, Ontario
Queen's University at Kingston alumni
Rakuten
University of Toronto alumni
Parmenac is a village in the municipality of Čačak, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 744 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Barwala or Barvala, also known as Barwala (Ghelasa) or , Jambha Bapu Nu Barwala''' is a village of Barwala Taluka, Botad district, Gujarat, India. It is situated on the Utavli river.
History
Before Independence Barwala (Ghelasa) came under Limbdi State.
References
Villages in Botad district
"Why Don't You Know" is a song by South Korean singer Chungha, featuring rapper Nucksal. The song serves as the lead single from her debut EP, Hands on Me.
Composition
"Why Don't You Know" is described as a tropical house song about unrequited love.
Promotion
Chungha has been promoting the single on music shows. Chungha also collaborated with NCT's Taeyong with a new rap lyrics on Show! Music Core.
Music video
The music video was released on 6 June 2017, and in the music video for the track, Chungha dances in a vast grassy field, sporting colorful summer outfits. As of January 2019, the music video has surpassed 20 million views on YouTube.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Sales
Download
|}
Accolades
References
2017 songs
2017 singles
Chungha songs
MNH Entertainment singles
Korean-language songs
Lakhisarai Junction also called Luckeesarai Junction station code LKR, is one of the major railway junctions in East Central Railway. Lakhisarai is connected to metropolitan areas of India, by the Delhi–Kolkata Main Line via Mugalsarai–Patna route which runs along the historic Grand Trunk Road.
Line and locations
Lakhisarai Junction located on the bank of Kiul River serves the headquarters of Lakhisarai district in the Indian state of Bihar. Railways and roads are the main means of transport in the region. The district headquarters has the presence of Danapur division's main line along with Sahibganj loop loop line. The main line crosses the Kiul River between and Lakhisarai Junction. The Kiul–Nawada–Gaya branch line also starts from the Kiul Junction near to Lakhisarai. Lakhisarai has a religious importance as it is the place where Mahavira, Tirthankara of Jainism, achieved Kevala Jnana. The Lakhisarai railway station is in Howrah–Patna–Mughalsarai main line. Most of the Patna, Barauni-bound express trains coming from Howrah, Sealdah, Ranchi, Tatanagar stop here.
Facilities
The major facilities available are waiting rooms, computerized reservation facility, reservation counter, vehicle parking. The vehicles are allowed to enter the station premises. The station also has STD/ISD/PCO telephone booth, toilets, tea stall and book stall. Automatic ticket vending machines have been installed to reduce the queue for train tickets on the station.
Platform
There are five platforms. The platforms are interconnected with foot overbridge.
Connections
The nearest airports to Lakhisarai Station are:
Gaya Airport
Lok Nayak Jayaprakash Airport, Patna
Birsa Munda Airport, Ranchi
Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose International Airport, Kolkata
References
External links
Official website of the Lakhisarai district
Railway stations in Lakhisarai district
Railway junction stations in Bihar
Danapur railway division
Railway stations opened in 1864
Bone Regency is a regency of South Sulawesi, Indonesia. Originally the seat of the Bone state, it joined Indonesia in 1950. The regency covers an area of 4,559.00 km2 and had a population of 717,682 at the 2010 Census, 742,527 at the 2015 Intermediate Census and 801,775 at the2020 Census. Its main products are seaweed, rice, and fish. The principal town is Watampone, which comprises the three districts of Tanete Riattang Barat, Tanete Riattang and Tanete Riattang Timur within the regency.
Geography
Bone is located on the east coast of South Sulawesi. It has of coastline and covers an area of . It has a total of of rice fields.
Bone is surrounded by Wajo to the north, Sinjai to the south, Soppeng, Maros, Pangkkajene, and Barru to the west, and the Gulf of Bone to the east, where it has a sea border with Sulawesi Tenggara.
The climate of Bone is tropical, with the wet season from April to September and the dry season from October to March. The temperature ranges from , with air humidity averaging 95% - 99%. The average annual rainfall varies from less than to .
Demographics
According to a 2010 census, Bone Regency had 717,268 residents, consisting 341,335
males and 375,933 females. This gave a sex ratio of 90.80 for the regency, or 91 males for every 100 females. It displayed a population growth rate of 0.67% per annum for the 2000-2010 period. At the 2010 census, Bone Regency had 801,775 residents, consisting 391,682
males and 410,093 females.
The majority of residents of Bone Regency are Muslim, with numerous mosques and places for studying Islam. There are also some churches in Watampone.
Administrative districts
Bone Regency in 2020 (as in 2010) comprised 27 administrative Districts (Kecamatan), tabulated below with their areas and their populations at the 2010 Census and 2020 Census. The table also includes the location of the district administrative centres, the number of administrative villages (rural desa and urban kelurahan) within each district, and it is postal code(s).
Notes: (a) except the villages of Biru (post code 92714), Cenrana (post code 92754) and Palakka (post code 92761). (b) except the village of Kading (post code 90225).
Coat of arms
The coat of arms of Bone consists of a blue shield with a harrow, anchor, unsheathed kris, rice, cotton plant, and - at the bottom of the shield - the words Kabupaten Bone in red text on a white banner. The harrow and rice stand for the agricultural history of the area. The anchor signifies Bone's nautical prowess, while its symmetry and location in the middle of the shield represents rationality. The kris and red text signify bravery, while the cotton plant represents the Bone people's struggle for independence. The white banner stands for purity and holiness.
History
Bone Regency was home to Bone state, an adat-based Bugis kingdom which was founded by ManurungngE Rimatajang in 1330. It later entered an alliance with the Wajo and Soppeng kingdoms for mutual defence. This alliance became known as LaMumpatue Ri Timurung.
In 1605, during the reign of the tenth king of Bone Latenri Tuppu Matinro Ri Sidenreng, Islam entered Bone and caused a change in local culture, including a renaming of various aspects of the regal system. Bone State later enjoyed a period of prosperity in the middle of the 17th century.
In May 1950, the people held demonstrations in Watampone against the royalty and Bone's membership in the State of East Indonesia. This caused the sultan to step down and join Indonesia.
Economy
The majority of Bone residents are farmers, commercial gardeners, and fishermen. In the area near the Gulf of Boni, seaweed, crabs, shrimp, and milkfish are the main source of income. Seaweed
production averages 3,821.5 tonnes per annum, while catches of shrimp, crabs, and milkfish average 4,318 tonnes, 2,061 tonnes, and 4.964 tonnes per annum each. Catches of other fish, mainly tuna, average 73,763.5 tonnes per annum.
Transportation
Bone's sea transportation is handled by five harbours, a larger one located in East Taneteriattang named Bajoe and four smaller ones.
References
Footnotes
Bibliography
Regencies of South Sulawesi
Ionic transfer is the transfer of ions from one liquid phase to another. This is related to the phase transfer catalysts which are a special type of liquid-liquid extraction which is used in synthetic chemistry.
For instance nitrate anions can be transferred between water and nitrobenzene. One way to observe this is to use a cyclic voltammetry experiment where the liquid-liquid interface is the working electrode. This can be done by placing secondary electrodes in each phase and close to interface each phase has a reference electrode. One phase is attached to a potentiostat which is set to zero volts, while the other potentiostat is driven with a triangular wave. This experiment is known as a polarised Interface between Two Immiscible Electrolyte Solutions (ITIES) experiment.
See also
Diffusion potential
References
Physical chemistry
Ions
Yebrgual Melese Arage (born Yebrgual Melese 18 April 1990 in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia) is an Ethiopian track and field athlete, who competes in marathon and long distance track events.
Career
Ethiopia's Yebrgual Melese Arage smashed the course record at the 19th edition of the 2018 Shanghai International Marathon.
At the 43rd Chevron Houston Marathon (2016) as Yebrgual Melese ran the second-fastest time ever by a woman in Houston.
Personal bests
References
External links
Ethiopia's Yebrgual Melese Arage Athletic News
Living people
1990 births
Ethiopian female long-distance runners
Ethiopian female marathon runners
Ethiopian female cross country runners
Athletes from Addis Ababa
African Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
African Games bronze medalists for Ethiopia
Athletes (track and field) at the 2015 African Games
Plec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieniawa, within Przysucha County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Wieniawa, north-east of Przysucha, and south of Warsaw.
References
Plec
Correspondence (A Fiction) is second studio album by Levi the Poet, and he released the album on November 17, 2014.
Critical reception
Jordan Gonzales, giving the album three and a half stars for HM Magazine, writes, "Correspondence is a chaotic and beautiful mess of supercharged spoken word set to a documentary soundtrack of a backbone that avoids clichés." Awarding the album four and a half stars from Jesus Freak Hideout, Mark Rice states, "this album contains all the tools necessary for it to do so; a compelling story, an emotive score, superb writing, excellent delivery, and thoughtful content." Scott Fryberger, rating the album four and a half stars at Jesus Freak Hideout, says, "This is one of Levi's finest releases; if you're a fan of his or a fan of wonderful storytelling, this is an album for you." Giving the album four stars by Indie Vision Music, Ian Zandi describes, "While the stories may have depressing notes, he tells it like it is. Honest."
Track listing
References
2014 albums
Levi the Poet albums
2010s spoken word albums
Spoken word albums by American artists
The 2008 Pacific Nations Cup was a rugby union tournament held between six national sides on the Pacific Rim: Australia A, Fiji, Japan, Samoa, Tonga and New Zealand Māori (just for this year). The inaugural competition was held in 2006. This year the tournament started on 7 June and ended on 6 July 2008.
The tournament is a round-robin where each team plays all of the other teams once. There are four points for a win, two for a draw and none for a defeat. There are also bonus points offered with one bonus point for scoring four or more tries in a match and one bonus point for losing by 7 points or fewer.
Table
Schedule
Round 1
Round 2
Round 3
Round 4
Round 5
Top scorers
Top points scorers
Source: irb.com
Top try scorers
Source: irb.com
See also
2008 IRB Nations Cup
References
External links
IRB Pacific Nations Cup - from the IRB website (June 17, 2008)
Schedule - IRB website (pdf)
IRB Pacific Nations schedule announced - IRB website, 4 March 2008
2008
2008 rugby union tournaments for national teams
2008 in Australian rugby union
2008 in Fijian rugby union
2008 in Samoan rugby union
2008 in Tongan rugby union
2008 in New Zealand rugby union
2007–08 in Japanese rugby union
2008 in Oceanian rugby union
A series of pogroms against Jews in the city of Odessa, Ukraine, then part of the Russian Empire, took place during the 19th and early 20th centuries. They occurred in 1821, 1859, 1871, 1881 and 1905.
According to Jarrod Tanny, most historians in the early 21st century agree that the earlier incidents were a result of "frictions unleashed by modernization," rather than by a resurgence of medieval antisemitism. The 1905 pogrom was markedly larger in scale, and antisemitism played a central role.
Odessa had a multi-ethnic population included Greek, Jewish, Russian, Ukrainian and other communities.
1821 pogrom
The 1821 pogrom, perpetrated by ethnic Greeks rather than Russians, is named in some sources as the first in the modern period in Russia:
In Odessa, Greeks and Jews were two rival ethnic and economic communities, living side by side. The first Odessa pogrom, in 1821, was linked to the outbreak of the Greek War for Independence, during which the Jews were accused of sympathizing with the Ottoman authorities and of aiding the Turks in killing the Greek Patriarch of Constantinople, Gregory V, dragging his dead body through the streets and finally throwing it into the Bosphorus.
1859 pogrom
According to the Jewish Encyclopedia (1906 ed.),
The community did not escape the horrors of the pogrom. Indeed, the very first pogrom in Russia occurred in Odessa in the year 1859. This was in reality not a Russian but a Greek pogrom; for the leaders and almost all of the participants were Greek sailors from ships in the harbor, and local Greeks who joined them. The pogrom occurred on a Christian Easter; and the local press, in no wise unfriendly to the Jews, attempted to transform it into an accidental fight, the Greek colony at that time being dominant in the administration as well as in the commerce of Odessa. Further pogroms occurred in 1871, 1881, and 1886."
Historians note economic antagonism between the two urban minorities, in addition to religious frictions.
1871 pogrom
But, after 1871, the pogroms in Odessa took a form more typical of the rest of the Russian empire:
"Although the pogrom of 1871 was occasioned in part by a rumor that Jews had vandalized the Greek community's church, many non-Greeks participated to it. Russian resentment and hostility toward Jews came to the fore in the pogrom of 1871 as Russians joined Greeks in attacks on Jews. Thereafter, Russians filled the ranks of pogromist mobs in 1881, 1900, and 1905." In the 1881 and 1905 pogroms, many Greek houses were also destroyed.
The 1871 pogrom is seen as a turning point in Russian Jewish history: "The Odessa pogrom led some Jewish publicists, exemplified by the writer Peretz Smolenskin, to question belief in the possibility of Jewish integration into Christian society, and to call for a greater awareness of Jewish national identity."
1881–1906 period
In the post-1871 period, pogroms were often perpetrated with tacit approval of the Tsarist authorities. Evidence exists that during the 1905 pogrom, the army supported the mob:
The Bolshevik Piatnitsky who was in Odessa at the time recalls what happened: "There I saw the following scene: a gang of young men, between 25 and 20 years old, among whom there were plain-clothes policemen and members of the Okhrana, were rounding up anyone who looked like a Jew—men, women and children—stripping them naked and beating them mercilessly... We immediately organised a group of revolutionaries armed with revolvers... we ran up to them and fired at them. They ran away. But suddenly between us and the pogromists there appeared a solid wall of soldiers, armed to the teeth and facing us. We retreated. The soldiers went away, and the pogromists came out again. This happened a few times. It became clear to us that the pogromists were acting together with the military."
1905 Pogrom
The 1905 Pogrom of Odessa was the worst anti-Jewish pogrom in Odessa's history. Between 18 and 22 October 1905, ethnic Russians, Ukrainians, and Greeks killed over 400 Jews and damaged or destroyed over 1600 Jewish properties.
Background of Jews in Odessa
The city of Odessa, founded in the late 18th century, encouraged foreign immigration, especially for the purpose of promoting economic growth. For this reason, Jews were far more welcome in Odessa than in many other parts of the Pale of Settlement. But the Jews of Odessa were not viewed as equal to Gentile residents and suffered from anti-Semitism. A number of serious anti-Jewish pogroms occurred during the 19th century in Odessa, and rumors of a pogrom arose each year around Eastertime. Jewish and Russian youths also often got into violent fights with each other.
Causes
The combination of economic downturn, Jewish backing of Japan in the war against Russia, Jewish support for the October Manifesto, and the June 1905 massacre, all contributed to great tension between Gentiles and the Jewish community in Odessa in 1905.
Long-term causes
Anti-Semitism among Greeks:
Growing anti-Semitism as a result of the changing place of Jews in Odessa's economy created an environment conducive to a pogrom. When the Crimean War disrupted trade routes, many Greek commercial firms shifted their business out of Odessa due to bankruptcy or a willingness to seek more profitable trading locations. To fill the resulting vacuum in grain trade, Jewish merchants expanded business and began to acquire greater profits. Many factors contributed to the spread of anti-Semitism among Greeks in Odessa including: the success of many Jewish traders, their preferential hiring of Jewish workers, and rumors of hostile actions by Jews toward Greeks.
Anti-Semitism among Russians:
Many Russians blamed the Jews for their troubles, such as limited employment opportunities and lower wages. They cited dramatic Jewish population growth in Odessa, from 14% (14,000 of 100,000) in 1858 to 35% (140,000 of 400,000) in 1897. These numbers contributed to suspicion that Jews possessed great wealth, power, and influence in Odessa. Although by the end of the 19th century, Jews held high positions in manufacturing, the majority of wealth in Odessa belonged to non-Jews. Jews certainly did not dominate the economy of Odessa, nor did they control Odessa politically. Unlike other ethnic and religious groups, wealthy Jews could not transform wealth into political power. Out of the 3449 total staff of the imperial government, only 71 were Jews. After an 1892 civic reform, Jews could no longer elect representatives to city councils; instead, a special office for municipal affairs appointed six Jews to the sixty-person Odessa city council. Given that 35% of Odessa's population in 1897 were Jewish, restricting representation on the city council to 10% of the positions was discriminatory.
Immediate causes
A significant economic downturn in Odessa at the turn of the 20th century played a major part in the October Pogrom of 1905. Restricted trading, reduced industrial production, and the Russo-Japanese War resulted in high unemployment in Odessa. Many workers despised Jews for lay-offs during the economic recession. Hatred for Jews heightened when a number of Jews did not support the war with Japan. Patriotic Russians called Jews unpatriotic and disloyal.
Fear of a pogrom in April 1905 prompted the National Committee of Jewish Self-Defense to urge Jews to arm themselves and protect their property. Non-Jews were threatened with armed retaliation if a pogrom occurred. Although a pogrom did not take place until October, fear of one re-emerged in June when Jews were declared culpable for instigating shootings as well as fires at the port. On 13 June 1905, Cossacks shot several striking workers. The next day, large groups of workers stopped working and attacked police with rocks and guns. The battleship Potemkin, whose crew had mutinied on 14 June, arrived in Odessa that evening. Thousands of Odessans went to the port to see the battleship and support the mutinous sailors. During the afternoon of 15 June, the unruly crowd began to raid warehouses and set fire to wooden buildings in the harbor. Chaos ensued when, in order to prevent further unrest, the military blocked off the harbor and fired into the crowd. Strikes, disorder, and the arrival of Potemkin resulted in the deaths of more than 1,000 people at the Port of Odessa. A few days after the atrocious incident at the harbor, an anti-Semitic pamphlet called Odesskie dni ("Odessan Days") appeared, blaming the Jews for the tragedy. Odesskie dni demanded compensation by Jews to the non-Jews, disarmament of Jews in Odessa, and a search of all Jewish apartments in the city. Although the events of June did not immediately cause a pogrom, an anti-Semitic environment had been formed, sufficient for the October Pogrom.
On 17 October, Tsar Nicholas II issued the October Manifesto, which established civil liberties for the people and promised to create an elected assembly. It was reported in Odessa on 18 October, causing celebration in the streets. Jews hoped that the Manifesto would lead to greater freedom and less anti-Semitism in the Russian Empire. While many Jews and liberals in Odessa celebrated the October Manifesto, conservatives considered the document as a threat to the autocracy and the might of the Russian Empire.
The October Pogrom
Buildup to pogrom: 14–17 October
On 14 October, a number of high school students skipped classes and attempted, but failed due to police intervention, to join rallies taking place at the university. In the process of intercepting them, armed policeman injured several youths. The next day, radical students and revolutionaries armed themselves and encouraged other workers to lend them support. On 16 October, students and workers took to the streets and erected barricades. To try to preserve order, the police fought them, killing several students. Although a public funeral had been planned for the students, the Odessa city governor, D. M. Neidhart, had the bodies buried secretly to limit rallying around the deaths. On 17 October, the police and military continued to monitor the streets, though no major confrontations occurred. About 4000 workers, including many Jews, went on strike.
Crisis: 18 October
On 18 October, Jews and liberals cheered at the news of the October Manifesto. Although demonstrations began peacefully, they quickly turned violent. Those chanting anti-regime propaganda caused trouble when they took out red flags and anti-imperial propaganda. As violence increased between supporters and opponents of the October Manifesto, members of the latter group began to take out their anger on Odessa's Jews, identifying them as the root of Russia's troubles. When a group of Jews asked a few Russian workers to show respect to a red flag, a fight broke out on the streets and soon turned into an anti-Jewish riot.
Pogrom: 19–21 October
The bulk of the October Pogrom took place on p 19-21 October and was the worst on 20 October. Violence spread all over Odessa, from the city center, to the suburbs, and to nearby villages. The rioters demonstrated excellent organization throughout sections of Odessa, coordinating their numbers based on the size of the neighborhood under attack. Rather than working to protect Jews and end the pogrom, many policemen and soldiers wearing civilian clothes watched or participated in the massacre. Though they suffered many casualties and were eventually vanquished, Jewish self-defense forces successfully defended some houses as well as streets and even neighborhoods.
On 21 October, after much of the pogrom was over, the city governor Neidhart, and the commander of the Odessa military garrison, A. V. Kaul'bars, appeared in the streets. They told the rioters to get off the streets and go home. Neidhart and Kaul'bars' inaction up to this point became the subject of debate and led to Neidhart's subsequent resignation from office.
According to a subsequent account written by the British Consul to Odessa, Charles Stewart Smith, Neidhart had ordered the police to withdraw from the streets, allowing the mobs a free hand to murder, rape and pillage. Stewart Smith addressed to M. Neidhart a forceful protest calling upon him to stop the pogrom and re-call the police to their duties. The French Consul-General wrote to the Prefect in the same sense. Next day the pogrom subsided. ‘It is quite clear,' Stewart Smith reported to the Foreign Office, ‘that the late disorders were prepared and worked by the police who openly superintended the work of destruction, looting and murder.' A few weeks later he wrote: ‘There were hopes that there would be a real judicial investigation of the whole affair, with proper apportionment of blame; but the Emperor has thanked the troops, and apparently Neidhart has been given another post (Nijni Novgorod). One newspaper says that M. Witte objected, but he was told that it was too late, the appointment was made. I was hoping that a real victory might be won for the law as against lawlessness of high officials, but my hopes are waning.'
Aftermath and Jewish response
Various reports estimate the number of Jews killed in the October Pogrom from 302 to 1,000. Other relevant statistics from the pogrom include approximately 5,000 Jews injured, 3.75 million rubles in property damage, 1,400 ruined businesses, and 3,000 families forced into poverty. The Odessa Jewish Central Committee to Aid the Victims of the Pogroms of 1905 collected 672,833 rubles from Jews in Odessa and abroad to aid those hurt by the pogrom. In total, the committee assisted 2,499 families affected by the October Pogrom.
Charles Stewart Smith, the British Consul, later wrote that such was the prevailing lawlessness that for many months the streets continued to be unsafe. Armed robberies were everyday occurrences. Six months after the pogrom he wrote in a private letter: ‘Crime continues in odious intensity. The “Black Crow” robberies have subsided, but bombs are thrown and assassinations occur far too often. A surgeon friend tells me that formerly in the Town hospital they used to receive one or two stabbing cases every week; now there are one or two a day.'
It was one of the events that resulted in many Jews emigrating from Odessa and Ukraine to western Europe and to the United States in the following years.
See also
1941 Odessa massacre
Odessa Museum of the Regional History
References
External links
"Pogroms, 1871-1906" Center for Online Judaic Studies COJS.org
Anti-Jewish pogroms in the Russian Empire
Jewish Ukrainian history
Jews and Judaism in Odesa
History of Odesa
Massacres in Ukraine
Kherson Governorate
Conflicts in 1821
Conflicts in 1859
Conflicts in 1871
Conflicts in 1881
Conflicts in 1905
Mass murder in 1905
Mammals is a play by Amelia Bullmore. It was first staged at the Bush Theatre, Shepherd's Bush, London, from 6 April to 7 May 2005. This production then toured the UK in Spring 2006. With a cast of six, including Niamh Cusack, Mark Bonnar and Nancy Carroll.
The playwright was awarded the Susan Smith Blackburn Prize for the work.
The play depicts a marriage in crisis following husband Kev's revelation to his wife Jane that he is in love with someone else. The arrival of Kev's best friend Phil with his whirlwind of a girlfriend triggers a series of confessions which threatens to upturn all of their lives. Kev and Jane's increasingly desperate attempts to discuss their problems whilst hiding them from their two daughters makes for an insightful and often painfully amusing drama. (Taken from Hannah Knowles's review)
Roles
External links
Past productions: Mammals – from the Bush Theatre website
– Hannah Knowles's review.
2005 plays
English plays
Sita Subedi (Nepali: सीता सुबेदि) is a Nepalese politician. She was the president of the Nepal Progressive Women's Federation. She also served as a Central Committee member of the Communist Party of Nepal (United Marxist). She was nominated as a FPTP candidate for the Communist Party of Nepal (United Marxist) in the 2008 Constituent Assembly election. Subedi contested the Kathmandu-9 constituency, but only mustered 55 votes (0.1%).
Ahead of the 2013 Constituent Assembly election, Subedi was nominated as a candidate by the Communist Party of Nepal. She was placed as the top candidate on the Proportional Representation list of the party.
References
Living people
21st-century Nepalese women politicians
21st-century Nepalese politicians
Nepalese communists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Khas people
The 1991 Mississippi State Bulldogs football team represented Mississippi State University during the 1991 NCAA Division I-A football season.
Schedule
References
Mississippi State
Mississippi State Bulldogs football seasons
Mississippi State Bulldogs football
The Battle of Chishui River (), more widely known as The Four Crossings of Chishui River or Crossing the Chishui River Four Times () in Mainland China, was a major battle between the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) and the Nationalist Party (KMT) during the Long March in 1935. It was the first major battle commanded by Mao Zedong during the Long March, and it is regarded as one of the most representative battles under Mao's command. This battle was a turning point in the first phase of Chinese Civil War. The Chinese Red Army jumped out of the encirclement of Kuomintang by unexpectedly crossing the Chishui River four times, and eventually survived the "crackdown campaign" of Chiang Kai-Shek.
Timeline
In January 1935, during the Zunyi Conference of the Communist Party of China, Mao Zedong obtained the supreme military leadership of the Chinese Red Army. Aiming to meet the other branch of Red Army led by Zhang Guotao and Xu Xiangqian in Sichuan, Mao's Red Army left Zunyi on January 19 and moved northward. The Sichuan warlord Liu Xiang sent his troops to Songkan and Tucheng and managed to stop the vanguard of Red Army (the 1st Legion of Red Army led by Lin Biao and Nie Rongzhen). Knowing that the reinforcements of KMT army were approaching, Mao abandoned the original plan and then ordered the army to move westward. Zhu De, Chen Geng and Song Renqiong successfully covered the flank of Mao's main force and stopped the Sichuan KMT army at Tucheng. On January 29, the Red Army crossed over the Chishui River near Tucheng and continued marching west to enter Weixin County in northeastern Yunnan. When Mao learned that Chiang Kai-Shek sent more troops from Sichuan, Guizhou, and Yunnan to Red Army's flanks, he turned eastward on February 18 and crossed over the Chishui River again at Taiping Ferry and Erlang Beach on February 21. The Red Army entered the northern Guizhou again. Peng Dehuai and Yang Shangkun led the 3rd Legion of Red Army marched south and occupied the Loushan Pass after the local KMT troops were mostly sent westward to the other side of the Chishui River. Deng Ping, the Chief of Staff in the 3rd Legion, was killed in action near Loushan Pass, and Ye Jianying took his commanding role. From March 16 to March 17, the Red Army crossed over Chishui River near Maotai for the third time, attempting to find a chance to cross the Yangtze River to the north. Chiang Kai-Shek, again, ordered his troops to encircle the Red Army in the area between the Chishui and Yangtze Rivers. Mao sent out a regiment for a feigned attack and pinned the majority of KMT armies near the Yangtze River, and then had a sharp turn towards the Chishui River again with the main force. The Red Army crossed the Chishui River for the 4th time on March 22 at Taiping Ferry and then marched towards Guiyang. Till now, Mao's Red Army had successfully jumped out of the encirclement.
Aftermath
On March 24, Chiang Kai-Shek, Chen Cheng and Yan Daogang arrived at Guiyang and established a temporary military commanding center in this city. At the same time, Mao Zedong and Zhu De launched a feigned attack towards the east. Chiang Kai-Shek and Xue Yue thought that Mao's men were trying to march back to western Hunan Province in order to meet with another branch of Red Army led by He Long and Xiao Ke, so they ordered KMT troops to assemble in northern Guizhou to stop the Red Army. However, the main force of the Red Army stealthily moved south. When Chiang realized the real move of Mao, the vanguard of Red Army led by Xiao Hua had already crossed the Wu River and approached the defenseless Guiyang. On April 2, while a group of Red Army was attacking Xifeng (the northern gateway of Guiyang), the main force of Red Army marched towards the Guiyang airport. Chiang Kai-Shek was in shock. In order to defend the airport so that he could evacuate the KMT leadership group, Chiang dispatched Sun Du's troop, based in Dading, to reinforce Guiyang, leaving a wide-open path for Red Army to enter the northern Yunnan. On April 8, after Sun Du arrived at the Guiyang airport, Mao Zedong led the Red Army to rapidly march west and entered Yunnan on April 24. There, they would successfully cross the Jinsha River (the upper section of Yangtze River) and move north, and would eventually meet with Zhang Guotao's branch of Red Army in Sichuan, and other branches of Red Army in Shaanxi.
Strengths
The Communists
The Chinese Red Army suffered a significant number of casualties during the Battle of Xiang River in 1934. When they left Ruijin and started the Long March, they had 80,000 troops as well as heavy weapons. After they crossed the Xiang River, however, only about 30,000 men left, and they lost almost all heavy weapons. The group of leadership of the party was basically unharmed after the Battle of Xiang River. After the Zunyi Conference, Mao Zedong replaced Bo Gu and Otto Braun as the chief commander of the army, and then started the Battle of Chishui River. In addition to Mao, Zhou Enlai, Wang Jiaxiang and Zhang Wentian played critical roles in the party and military leadership during this battle, while 7 out of the future Ten Marshals took part in this battle as legion or division leaders of the Red Army. Other notable figures took part in this battle include Liu Shaoqi and Deng Xiaoping.
Mao Zedong: chairman of the military commission
Zhu De: commander in chief
Zhou Enlai: chief political commissar
Liu Bocheng: chief of the general staff
Ye Jianying: chief of the general staff
Wang Jiaxiang: director of politics
Zhang Yunyi: deputy chief of the general staff
Luo Ronghuan: general political inspector
Yang Shangkun: director of the political department
Lin Biao: commander of 1st Legion
Nie Rongzhen: political commissar of the 1st Legion
Peng Dehuai: commander of 3rd Legion
Yang Shangkun: political commissar of the 3rd Legion
Deng Ping: chief of staff of the 3rd Legion
Chen Geng: commander of the CMC Cadres Group
Song Renqiong: political commissar of the CMC Cadres Group
Kuomintang
Chiang Kai-Shek assembled more than 400,000 men to encircle and suppress the Red Army in this battle. His troops were equipped with heavy weapons and bombers. Chiang's subordinate Xue Yue led eight divisions of the National Revolutionary Army as the "Central Army", while local warlords of southwestern provinces, who nominally regard Chiang as the sole rightful leader of China, also sent out their troops to fight communists. In Chiang's proposal, Xue Yue's Central Army would crack down the communists, and then they would take this chance to also suppress the warlords and actually unify the southwestern provinces.
Chiang Kai-Shek's Central Army: 8 divisions led by Xue Yue, Zhou Hunyuan and Wu Qiwei
Liu Xiang's Sichuan Army: 12 brigades
Bai Chongxi's Guangxi Army: 3 divisions
Long Yun's Yunnan Army: 3 brigades
Wang Jialie's Guizhou Army: 3 divisions
He Jian's Hunan Army: 3 divisions
References
1935 in China
Chishui River
January 1935 events
Chishui River
My First Wife is a 1984 Australian drama film directed by Paul Cox. The film won several AFI Awards in 1984.
Plot
The film follows the dissolution of John and Helen's marriage and the aftermath.
Cast
John Hargreaves as John
Wendy Hughes as Helen
Lucy Angwin as Lucy
David Cameron as Tom
Anna Maria Monticelli as Hilary
Betty Lucas as Helen's Mother
Lucy Uralov as John's Mother
Robin Lovejoy as John's father
Charles 'Bud' Tingwell as Helen's Father
Jon Finlayson as Bernard
Julia Blake as Kirstin
Production
The film was based on the breakdown of Cox's marriage. He started writing the script, showed it to Bob Ellis and the two men wrote the screenplay together. (Ellis says they spent a day and a half on it.)
The film was shot mostly at a house in Williamstown in Melbourne.
Music
Choir: Members of the Tudor Choristers directed by David Carolane
Christoph Willibald Gluck: "Orpheus & Euridice".
Berliner Symphoniker – Hermann Prey
Conductor – Horst Stein
Joseph Haydn - "Paukenmesse"
Bayerischen Rundfunks Symphony Orchestra & Chorus
Conductor – Rafael Kubelik, Polygram
Ann Boyd - "As I crossed a Bridge of Dreams", "Cycle of love", Faber Music Ltd.
Carl Orff - "Carmine Burana"
Czech Philarmonic Orchestra & Chorus, Conducted by Vaclev Smetacek, Supraphon
Rene Geyer - "Hot Minuets", Mushroom Records, Australia
Frans Sussmayr - "Grandfather's Birthday Celebration", Hungarian Radio Children's Chorus, Budapest Symphony Orchestra, Conductor – Laszlo Csanyl
Box office
My First Wife grossed $413,199 at the box office in Australia, which is equivalent to $1,049,525 in 2009 dollars.
Awards
My First Wife won in 1984 AFI Awards in the Best Actor in a Lead Role (John Hargreaves), Best Director (Paul Cox), Best Original Screenplay (Paul Cox, Bob Ellis) categories and was nominated in 4 more categories. Paul Cox also won the 1986 Grand Prix award at the Flanders International Film Festival in 1986.
See also
Cinema of Australia
References
External links
My First Wife at the Australian screen
1984 films
Australian drama films
Films directed by Paul Cox
1984 drama films
Films shot in Melbourne
1980s English-language films
1980s Australian films
Who's Your Daddy may refer to:
Phrase
Who's your daddy?, a phrase expressing dominance, especially of a sexual nature.
Music
"Who's Your Daddy?" (Daddy Yankee song)
"Who's Your Daddy?" (Lordi song), 2006
"Who's Your Daddy?" (Toby Keith song), 2002
"Who's Your Daddy" (Ringo Starr song), 2010
"Who's Your Daddy?", a song by Benny Benassi from Best of Benny Benassi
"Who's Your Daddy?", a song by
Television
Who's Your Daddy? (TV series), an American reality television program
"Who's Your Daddy?" (House), a 2006 episode of House
"Who's Your Daddy?/Homewrecker", an episode of The Fairly OddParents
Who's Your Daddy Now?, a Filipino sitcom
Who's Your Daddy, a 2012 episode of Royal Pains
Theatre
Other uses
Who's Your Daddy, Inc., a licensing and branding company
Who's Your Daddy? (film), a 2003 film written and directed by Andy Fickman
Who's Your Daddy? (video game), a 2015 video game created by Joe Dave Williams
Who's Your Daddy?, also known as Father Figures, a 2017 American comedy film
See also
Who's Ya Daddy?, a song by Gerling
The Jaywalks, formerly known as Who's Ya Daddy
The Kočerin Tablet is a medieval tablet with an inscription written in Bosnian Cyrillic, in an archaic West Stokavian dialect of Serbo-Croatian, using ikavian subdialect.
History and discovery
The stećak tombstone, which is placed on the grave of Viganj Milošević, was cut and inscribed in 1404 or 1405. The text is positioned on the bottom of the stećak, which is discovered in a necropolis Lipovac, in a field just west and outside of today's village Kočerin, 9 kilometers away from the town of Široki Brijeg, Bosnia and Herzegovina, where it was discovered in 1983. In 1872, stećak was moved to Kočerin and built-in into the right side of the local parochial office wall. In May 2004, it was carefully removed from the office wall and exhibited in the parochial premises in Kočerin.
Dimensions
The tablet measures across on the bottom, in the middle, and at the top. It measures in height. The top part is damaged.
Text
The tablet contains 25 rows of script, with 9-15 characters on each line. There are 300 characters in total and represents the largest known text in Bosnian Cyrillic.
The text displays a large number of ligatures. It is written in a Shtokavian Ikavian dialect, without nasal vowels, in a single-yer script, with some apparent Glagolitic influence. The form svetago shows influence from Church Slavonic, but the rest of the inscription is free of Church Slavonicisms in its morphology.
The text mentions how Viganj Milošević served five rulers: Banus Stjepan, King Tvrtko, King Dabiša, Queen Gruba, and King Ostoja. The inscription ends by saying: ().
References
External links
Texts of medieval Bosnia and Herzegovina
1404 works
15th-century inscriptions
Written monuments of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Bosnian Cyrillic texts
, more commonly known as or , is a semiannual doujinshi convention in Tokyo, Japan. A grassroots market focused on the sale of doujin (self-published) works, Comiket is a not-for-profit fan convention administered by the volunteer-run Comic Market Preparatory Committee (ComiketPC). Inaugurated on 21 December 1975 with an estimated 700 attendees, Comiket has since grown to become the largest fan convention in the world, with an estimated turnstile attendance of 750,000 in 2019. Comiket is typically held at Tokyo Big Sight in August and December, with the two events distinguished as and , respectively.
Programme
Dōjin marketplace
Comiket is focused primarily on the sale of dōjin: non-commercial, self-published works. Approximately 35,000 circles (a term for groups or individuals who create dōjin) participate in each edition of Comiket. Different circles exhibit on each day of Comiket; circles producing works on a common subject, such as a particular media franchise or manga genre, are typically grouped on the same day. The most common item sold at Comiket is dōjinshi (self-published comics, novels or magazines), while a smaller number of circles sell dōjin soft, analog (board/card/etc.) games, music, clothing, and other goods. These are often derivative fan works based on anime, video games, and other media, legal according to Japanese law (shinkokuzai). Since Comiket's inauguration, sample copies of all works sold at Comiket are collected and archived by ComiketPC, with over 2.1 million works having been archived.
Trends in derivative works
Cosplay
Comiket is a major outlet for cosplay enthusiasts. Since Comiket 80 in 2011, restrictions on cosplaying have been gradually relaxed, with a shift from regulating objects (e.g. a ban on items that could be used as weapons) to regulating behavior (e.g. a ban on swinging around long objects). Some general contemporary guidelines include not wearing clothes that are too revealing, not imitating uniformed officers, and being out of cosplay when arriving/departing from Comiket.
Corporate booths
Comiket hosts 190 corporate booths each year. This includes both large commercial companies, such as video game studios and manga publishers, as well as celebrity meet and greet sessions.
Operations
Schedule
Comiket is held twice yearly, in August and December. These events are distinguished as "Summer Comic Market" (Natsukomi) and "Winter Comic Market" (Fuyukomi). Since 1995, both events have run for three days each, with Summer Comiket generally occurring Friday to Sunday in mid-August, and Winter Comiket generally occurring the three days prior to New Year's Day. Starting with Comiket 96, the events have been four days long. Both events run daily from 10:00a.m. to 4:00p.m, with corporate booths open until 5:00p.m and the entire convention closing an hour early on the final day of the event. Comiket has been held at Tokyo Big Sight in Ariake, Tokyo since 1996. Comiket 98, which was planned for August 2020, was the event's first cancellation in its history as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic; Comiket 99, which would have been held in December 2020 was instead held in December 2021, two years after the last time it was held, and ran for only two days.
Event size
Comiket is the largest fan convention in the world, growing from fewer than 10,000 attendees in 1982 to over half a million by 2004. Since 2007, attendee numbers have fluctuated in the region of 500,000 for Winter Comiket and 560,000 for Summer Comiket. Because of the extremely high volume of attendance at Comiket, mobile phone companies set up temporary antennas, while the Tokyo Metro makes special arrangements to accommodate the large crowds. Hour-long queues to enter Comiket during peak hours are common, while some attendees queue up to five hours before the event to ensure early admission. Popular circles are frequently placed near the venue's loading docks so that their queues can extend outside. ComiketPC recommends that first-time attendees arrive in the afternoon to avoid queues.
Catalog
For every Comiket, a catalog is released that contains information about the event. The catalog includes a list of all participating circles, maps of the convention layout, directions to and from the convention, rules for the convention, results from surveys held among Comiket participants, articles about topics relevant to dōjinshi creators, and one to two pictures ("circle cuts") for every participating circle. It is available in print and DVD-ROM format, and since Comiket 83, is available online behind a partial paywall.
Catalogs are made available for sale at stores two weeks before the event. The print version is roughly the size of an average phone book, while the DVD-ROM version includes features such as advanced search functions and a clickable map. To date, there is no English edition of the catalog available, though the catalog does contain a four-page basic guide for attending Comiket in English, Chinese, and Korean.
Prior to Comiket 96, a purchased catalog was not required for admission to Comiket (see 2020 Summer Olympics changes below).
Participants
The overwhelming majority of Comiket circle participants are amateur and hobbyist artists: 70% of participating circles lose money, while only 15% turn a profit. The majority of circle participants at Comiket are female, with women composing 57% of participating circles at Comiket 84. General attendees at Comiket tend to skew male, with men comprising 64% of attendees at Comiket 78.
Of the Comiket circle participants, a 2011 poll showed that nearly half participated because attending the event and showing off their work is enjoyable, and a significant percentage came to spread their works to the public. A smaller percentage of dōjinshi creators' goal is to promote an idea or opinion through attending Comiket.
The majority of those participating in circles in 2010 said that they are a part of a one-person circle (59%), while two-person (20%) and three people (8%) circles were also common.
Philanthropy
Since 1993, ComiketPC has donated over ¥60 million to sustainable forest management to offset paper used in the production of dōjinshi. Since 2007, ComiketPC has worked with the Japanese Red Cross Society to organize bloodmobiles at Comiket events, with donors given Comiket-exclusive posters depicting characters from anime and video games. The Red Cross receives an estimated 1,500 blood donations at each Comiket.
History
Comiket was inaugurated in 1975 by , a dōjin circle founded by Yoshihiro Yonezawa, Teruo Harada, and Jun Aniwa while studying at Meiji University. The first Comiket was organized amid a period of immense change and upheaval for manga as a medium, characterized by the closure of the experimental manga magazine COM and the ascendance of the Year 24 Group. A 1975 incident in which a dōjin creator applying for Nihon SF Taikai was refused admission after criticizing the convention's focus on professional guests over dōjin creators in her application became a catalyst for the founding of Comiket as a fan convention.
As Comiket grew, a lottery system to allocate exhibition space was implemented in 1979, as the number of applications from circles began to surpass available space. In 1981 the event moved to and began publishing an event catalog in 1982. Comiket would change locations frequently throughout the late 1980s and 1990s, as the Japanese bubble economy led to an upsurge in trade shows that made it difficult to secure a consistent venue. The murders by Tsutomu Miyazaki and subsequent moral panic against otaku would lead to further difficulties in Comiket's ability to secure a venue. Tokyo Big Sight hosted Comiket for the first time in 1996, and remains the convention's primary venue.
In 2012, anonymous threats made against circles creating works related to Kuroko's Basketball led Comiket to prohibit the sale of all Kuroko's Basketball-related items at Comiket 85 (see Kuroko's Basketball § Controversies). Organizers refunded the registration fees for the roughly 900 circles producing Kuroko's Basketball items, resulting in a loss for Comiket of roughly ¥10 million. In 2015, ComiketPC organized a special event specifically focused on doujinshi related to the series. Affectionately nicknamed "Kuroket", the event hosted approximately 2,400 circles producing Kuroko's Basketball items.
In August 2018, ComiketPC announced modified schedules for Comikets 96, 97, and 98 due to the 2020 Summer Olympics. As the east wing of Big Sight closed in 2019 for renovations in advance of the Olympics, the corporate booths of C96 and C97 were moved to Aomi Exhibition Hall, and both events expanded to four days of programming. Admission to both events required the purchase of a wristband – the first time in Comiket's history it was not free to attend – in order to offset the cost of running the event across four days, and to depress attendance in light of the smaller venue space. Wristbands for all four days were included with the purchase of a print event catalog, while individual wristbands for each day were available to purchase at Big Sight the day of the event. C98 in 2020 was slated to be moved to Golden Week in May in order to not conflict with the Olympics in August. On 27 March 2020, ComiketPC announced that C98 had been cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic, making it the first time a Comiket event has been cancelled. On 12 July 2020, it was announced that Comiket 99 would be postponed to 2021, taking place during Golden Week as C98 would have in order to not conflict with the Summer Olympics, which were also postponed. A virtual event titled "Air Comiket" was held in December to replace its originally planned dates. Comic Market 99 was ultimately delayed to December 2021, and ran for only two days with entry limited to 55,000 people per day by requiring ticket purchases.
Event history
See also
Lucca Comics & Games, the largest comics festival in Europe, and the second biggest in the world after the Comiket
Comic World, an anime and doujin festival with events in South Korea, Hong Kong, and Taiwan
Comifuro, a doujin convention in Indonesia.
Anime Expo, an anime convention in the United States
Japan Expo, a Japanese pop culture convention in France
Overload, a doujin festival in New Zealand
Notes
References
Further reading
"What is Comic Market?", a presentation by the Comic Market Preparatory Committee, February 2008
"The Japan Comic Market FAQ: A Gaijin's Guide to Comike", a guide for tourists attending Comiket, August 2004 (via Archive)
"How to Comiket, Part I: Intelligence" and "Part II: Strategy", a guide for tourists attending Comiket, July 2005 (via Archive)
"Ticktank's English Guide to Comiket", a guide for tourists attending Comiket, August 2008
"The Road to Comiket", a guide for foreign creators applying for Comiket, December 2007 (via Archive)
"The Fragile Heart of Moé", an 8-minute clip from a feature-length documentary about dojinshi and Comiket, 2010
External links
Official Comic Market website (in Japanese)
Official Comic Market website (in English)
Anime conventions in Japan
Book fairs in Japan
Comics conventions
Doujin
Otaku
Recurring events established in 1975
Preseka is a village in the municipality of Ivanjica, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 368 inhabitants.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Saqqaq Heliport is a heliport in Saqqaq, a village on the Nuussuaq Peninsula in the Avannaata municipality in western Greenland. The heliport is considered a helistop, and is served by Air Greenland as part of a government contract.
Airlines and destinations
Air Greenland operates government contract flights to villages in the Disko Bay region. These mostly cargo flights are not featured in the timetable, although they can be pre-booked. Departure times for these flights as specified during booking are by definition approximate, with the settlement service optimized on the fly depending on local demand for a given day. Settlement flights in the Disko Bay and Aasiaat Archipelago regions are unique in that they are operated only during winter and spring. During summer and autumn, communication between settlements is by sea only, serviced by Diskoline.
References
Airports in the Arctic
Disko Bay
Heliports in Greenland
The 1935–36 Hong Kong First Division League season was the 28th since its establishment.
League table
References
1935–36 Hong Kong First Division table (RSSSF)
香港倒後鏡blog
Hong Kong
First
Hong Kong First Division League seasons
Maharishi Markandeshwar University, Solan (MMU Solan) is a private university located in the village Laddo near Kumarhatti, in Solan district, Himachal Pradesh, India. The university was established in 2010 by the Maharishi Markandeshwar University Trust (MMUT) through the Maharishi Markandeshwar University (Establishment & Regulation) Act, 2010. Other institutes under MMUT include Maharishi Markandeshwar University, Mullana and Maharishi Markandeshwar University, Sadopur.
Approval
Like all universities in India, Indus International University is recognised by the University Grants Commission (UGC).
References
External links
Education in Solan district
Universities in Himachal Pradesh
Educational institutions established in 2010
2010 establishments in Himachal Pradesh
Private universities in India
Shwebo District is a district in south-central Sagaing Division of Burma (Myanmar). Its administrative center is the city of Shwebo.
Townships
The district consists of the following townships:
Khin-U Township
Shwebo Township
Wetlet Township
Taze Township
Ye-U Township
Tabayin Township (formerly from Monywa District)
Shwebo District also consisted of the following townships, which formed to become Kanbalu District:
Kanbalu Township
Kyunhla Township
Economy
The area is supported by rice farming, fisheries and timbering.
Notes
Districts of Myanmar
Sagaing Region
The Synergy Aircraft Synergy is a proposed five-seat, single-engine, kit aircraft, designed by John McGinnis of Kalispell, Montana and intended for production by his company, Synergy Aircraft.
The aircraft's closed wing design, termed a "double box tail", is intended to lower induced drag and be stall resistant, along with boundary layer control methods. Many of the details are disclosed in .
Design and development
Development was started in 2010 to develop the Synergy as a future kit airplane. The Synergy is the first aircraft that was designed to use the DeltaHawk V-4 engine. An electric-powered 1/4 scale version of the aircraft has been built and flown via radio control.
The Synergy design was unveiled at the 2011 CAFE Foundation electric aircraft symposium. The aircraft was intended to compete in the 2011 NASA/CAFE Green Flight Challenge, but its funding and engine were delayed, forcing the team to withdraw from the competition.
After receiving the DeltaHawk engine in December 2011 work resumed and a funding drive was launched to complete the prototype. Intended as a Kickstarter crowdfunding project, the initial project application and appeal were rejected on the basis of not fitting in with Kickstarter's creative arts focus. On 13 May 2012, however, Kickstarter informed McGinnis that they had reconsidered and that the project was approved. The project raised US$95,627 gross funds.>
By mid-December 2012 McGinnis indicated that the Kickstarter campaign had raised US$80,000 and that he was intending to have a flying proof-of-concept aircraft at AirVenture 2013. He also stated that if the aircraft is not complete then he will not have a display there. The Kickstarter campaign also attracted a lot of interest, but answering email and phones calls has slowed work on the prototype down.
Specifications
References
External links
Single-engined pusher aircraft
Proposed aircraft of the United States
Kickstarter projects
was a province of Japan in the area that today forms the western half of Aichi Prefecture, including the modern city of Nagoya. The province was created in 646. Owari bordered on Mikawa, Mino, and Ise Provinces. Owari and Mino provinces were separated by the Sakai River, which means "border river." The province's abbreviated name was .
Owari is classified as one of the provinces of the Tōkaidō. Under the Engishiki classification system, Owari was ranked as a "superior country" (上国) and a "near country" (近国), in relation to its distance from the capital.
History
Owari is mentioned in records of the Nara period, including the Kujiki, although the area has been settled since at least the Japanese Paleolithic period, as evidenced by numerous remains found by archaeologists. Early records mention a powerful “Owari clan”, vaguely related to, or allied with the Yamato clan, who built massive kofun burial mounds in several locations within the province, from which archaeologists have recovered bronze artifacts and mirrors dating from the 4th century. Atsuta Shrine is of very ancient origin, ranking with Ise Shrine in importance, and is the repository of one of the Imperial Regalia of Japan, the Kusanagi-no-Tsurugi.
Under the Engishiki classification system, Owari was divided into eight counties, which persisted as administrative units into the Edo period.
The exact location of the provincial capital is not known, but is traditionally considered to have been located in what is now the city of Inazawa, although the Ichinomiya of the province is located in what is now Ichinomiya.
During the Heian period, the province was divided into numerous shōen controlled by local samurai clans. However, by the Sengoku period, the province had fragmented into many small territories largely dominated by the Oda clan. Under Oda Nobunaga, the province was reunified. Nobunaga began his campaign to reunify Japan from his stronghold at Kiyosu Castle. and many of his retainers (who later became daimyōs under the Tokugawa shogunate) were natives of Owari, including Toyotomi Hideyoshi and Katō Kiyomasa.
Under Tokugawa Ieyasu, the province was assigned as a feudal domain to his ninth son, Tokugawa Yoshinao with official revenues of 619,500 koku, the largest domain in the Tokugawa clan holdings outside of the shogunate itself. Yoshinao was founder of the Owari Tokugawa clan, one of the Gosanke, which had the hereditary right of succession to the position of shōgun should the main line fail. The castle town of Nagoya prospered during this period, and Owari Province was especially known for its ceramics industry.
Following the abolition of the han system in 1871 after the Meiji Restoration, former Owari Domain and Inuyama Domain were transformed into short-lived prefectures, which were joined with Nukata Prefecture, which was the former Mikawa Province, to form the new Aichi Prefecture in January 1872. At the same time, the province continued to exist for some purposes. For example, Owari is explicitly recognized in treaties in 1894 (a) between Japan and the United States and (b) between Japan and the United Kingdom.
Bakumatsu-period domains in Owari Province
Historical districts
Aichi Prefecture
Aichi District (愛知郡)
Chita District (知多郡)
Haguri District (葉栗郡) – dissolved
Kasugai District (春日井郡)
Higashikasugai District (東春日井郡) – dissolved
Nishikasugai District (西春日井郡)
Kaisei District (海西郡; West Ama) – merged with Kaitō District to Ama District (海部郡) on April 4, 1913
Kaitō District (海東郡; East Ama) – merged with Kaisei District to Ama District on April 4, 1913
Nakashima District (中島郡) – dissolved
Niwa District (丹羽郡)
Yana District (八名郡)
Notes
References
Nussbaum, Louis-Frédéric and Käthe Roth. (2005). Japan encyclopedia. Cambridge: Harvard University Press. ; OCLC 58053128
Papinot, Edmond. (1910). Historical and Geographic Dictionary of Japan. Tokyo: Librarie Sansaisha. OCLC 77691250
External links
Murdoch's map of provinces, 1903
History of Aichi Prefecture
Former provinces of Japan
1868 disestablishments in Japan
States and territories disestablished in 1868
Zosterogrammidae is an extinct family of millipedes containing three genera, each with a single species. Fossils are known from the Czech Republic, Scotland, and the USA. Zosterogrammidae constitutes the sole family of the order Zosterogrammida.
Description
Zosterogrammids have broad heads, 20 to 32 body segments, with a body tapering towards the head and rear. The dorsal plates of each segment are very broad and the rear portion of each is segment ornamented with lines. Size ranges from to in length. Superficially they are similar to the living Polyzoniida in body proportion.
Taxonomy and distribution
Zosterogrammidae is placed in its own order, Zosterogrammida. Zosterogrammida is considered incertae sedis (uncertain placement) within the millipede subclass Chilognatha.
Family †Zosterogrammidae Wilson, 2005
Casiogrammus ichthyeros Wilson, 2005 - Lanarkshire, Scotland; Wenlock (Silurian)
Purkynia lata Fritsch, 1899 - Nýřany, Czech Republic; Westphalian (Upper Carboniferous)
Zosterogrammus stichostethus Wilson, 2005 - Illinois, USA; Pennsylvanian (Upper Carboniferous)
References
Millipede families
Silurian myriapods
Devonian myriapods
Carboniferous myriapods
Wenlock first appearances
Pennsylvanian extinctions
This is a list of episodes from the 1980s CBS TV series, Newhart. The show ran from October 25, 1982, to May 21, 1990. The show starred Bob Newhart, Mary Frann, Tom Poston, Julia Duffy, Peter Scolari, Steven Kampmann, and Jennifer Holmes, as well as other recurring characters.
Series overview
Episodes
Season 1 (1982–83)
This is the only season to be shot on videotape.
Season 2 (1983–84)
Starting with this season and continuing for the remainder of the run, "Newhart" would be shot on film.
Season 3 (1984–85)
Season 4 (1985–86)
Season 5 (1986–87)
Season 6 (1987–88)
Season 7 (1988–89)
Season 8 (1989–90)
References
External links
Newhart
2016
On 13 May 2016 a state of emergency was declared in Venezuela by President Nicolás Maduro. The details of this emergency condition were not explained by Maduro but he mentioned conspiracy within the country and from an OPEC country and the United States to overthrow the Caracas government. The last state of emergency occurred in 2015 due to issues near the Colombian border, resulting in the suspension of constitutional guarantees and the Venezuela–Colombia migrant crisis.
Rationale
Maduro accused the United States of fomenting a hidden coup against his government. On May 13, Friday night, state television broadcast statements by Maduro saying: "Washington is activating measures at the request of Venezuela's fascist right, who are emboldened by the coup in Brazil." According to Maduro's opinion, the impeachment process against Brazilian president Dilma Rousseff is a sign that shows he was the next one. In a meeting with the Council of Ministers Maduro stated that the state of emergency decree is directed against "oligarchical parasites and speculators".
Responses
The opposition-dominated National Assembly started a process to recall Maduro as president, citing as motives bad conditions such as food and medicine shortages, power cuts, looting and increasing of inflation rate, along with complaints of corruption, drug trafficking and human rights violations. Tomás Guanipa, opposition lawmaker, said: "Today Maduro has again violated the constitution. Why? Because he is scared of being recalled."
In the lead up to the declaration, United States intelligence officials told reporters that they were worried about an economic and political crisis in Venezuela, predicting that Maduro would not complete his presidency. They added: "You can hear the ice cracking. You know there's a crisis coming."
See also
2014–16 Venezuelan protests
Crisis in Venezuela
Timeline of the 2016 Venezuelan protests
References
States of emergency
Crisis in Venezuela
Emergency laws
Political history of Venezuela
Sveta Nedelja and Sveta Nedjelja may refer to:
Sveta Nedelja, Istria, a municipality in Croatia
Sveta Nedelja, Zagreb County (until 1991: Sveta Nedjelja), a town in Croatia
Sveta Nedjelja, Hvar (or Sveta Nedilja), a village in the town of Hvar, Croatia
See also
Sveta Neđelja, an island in Montenegro
Bart Claes (born 8 April 1989) is a Belgian politician who has been a member of the Flemish parliament for the Flemish nationalist Vlaams Belang party since 2019.
Biography
Claes studied law at the University of Antwerp and the University of Ghent. During his studies he was a member of the Nationalistische Studentenvereniging and the New Flemish Alliance party. In 2014 he left the N-VA due to disagreeing with the course of the party and joined Vlaams Belang. After graduating, Claes worked for Katoen Natie.
From 2016 to 2020, Claes was chairman of the Vlaams Belang Jongeren. In 2019, Claes was elected as a member of the Flemish Parliament for the Antwerp region. During the 2019 Belgian federal election, Claes managed the VB's election campaign and claimed that he looked to both the Brexit and Donald Trump presidential campaigns as examples of how to target voters.
References
Living people
1989 births
Vlaams Belang politicians
Members of the Flemish Parliament
New Flemish Alliance politicians
University of Antwerp alumni
Ghent University alumni
Politicians from Mechelen
Unniyarcha is a 1961 Indian Malayalam-language action film, produced and directed by Kunchacko. The film stars Ragini, Prem Nazir, Sathyan, Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair and Hari. Based on the life of warrior of the same name mentioned in Vadakkan Pattukal, it was released on 24 August 1961 and became a success.
Plot
Cast
Ragini as Unniyarcha
Prem Nazir as Attumanamel Kunjiraman
Sathyan as Aromal Chekavar
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair as Kannappa Chekavar
Hari as Aromalunni
Kottayam Chellappan as Chandu
Reetha as Kunjunnooli
Palakunnel Sunny as Aringoder
S. P. Pillai as Panen
Production
Unniyarcha is the first feature film based on Vadakkan Pattukal, a collection of Malayalam ballads. P. K. Sarangapani wrote the dialogues in North Malabar dialect. The film was predominantly shot in Kerala's backwaters.
Soundtrack
The music was composed by K. Raghavan and lyrics were written by P. Bhaskaran and P. K. Sarangapani.
Release
Unniyarcha was released on 24 August 1961, around the time of Onam. The film was a commercial success, and inspired more screen adaptations of legends from Vadakkan Pattukal.
References
External links
1960s Malayalam-language films
1961 films
Hindu mythological films
Indian action films
Thomas Trevelyon (born circa 1548) lived in England (probably London) and is believed to have been an embroidery pattern drawer. He is long known for having compiled two large manuscript miscellanies, the Miscellany of 1608 now in the collection of the Folger Shakespeare Library, and the Great Book of 1616 now in the library at Wormsley Park. A third miscellany, in the collection of University College London was identified as being in his hand in 2012, and dates to circa 1603.
He spelled his surname "Trevelyon" in the Folger Miscellany and "Trevilian" in the Wormsley Great Book. The "Trevelyon" spelling was established in scholarly literature by 1966, but the "Trevilian" spelling was used in the monograph published in 2000 that resulted in his name entering the Library of Congress Authority File for the first time.
Other than his own calligraphic rendering of his name, nothing approaching a portrait of Thomas Trevelyon exists. The drawing entitled "The author's apostrophe to the reader" once thought to be a self-portrait is, in fact, a stock figure illustrating a text bearing the title "The author's apostrophe to the reader" that Trevelyon copied out.
In 2000 Susan Shaw's Merrion Press created for the Roxburghe Club a facsimile copy of "The Great Book of Thomas Trevilian" in two volumes. The book was to be given to the club's members and sold. A copy of Shaw's facsimile book in 2020 was on sale for £2,200. The seller claimed that it is "perhaps" the "greatest monument to the arts of the book at the turn of the twentieth century".
References
16th-century calligraphers
16th-century English people
17th-century English people
Year of birth uncertain
Ellel is a village and civil parish in the City of Lancaster in the English county of Lancashire. It had a population of 4,895 in 2011, up from 2,521 in 2001 The parish includes the villages of Bay Horse, Galgate and Hampson Green, and part of Dolphinholme.
The disused Church of St Mary was built on Ellel Grange estate in 1873 by W. & G. Audsley. The Anglican parish of Ellel is currently served by St John's Church which has stood in its present form since 1907.
Hay Carr on the outskirts of Ellel is a country house built by Thomas Lamb in 1750 and later owned by the Sandeman Port family.
Governance
An electoral ward in the same name exists. This ward stretches to Abbeystead in the east with a total population taken at the 2011 Census of 6,854.
See also
Listed buildings in Ellel, Lancashire
References
Villages in Lancashire
Civil parishes in Lancashire
Geography of the City of Lancaster
The Zimmer tower () is a tower in Lier, Belgium, also known as the Cornelius tower, that was originally a keep of Lier's 14th-century city fortifications. In 1930, astronomer and clockmaker Louis Zimmer (1888–1970) built the Jubilee (or Centenary) Clock, which is displayed on the front of the tower, and consists of 12 clocks encircling a central one with 57 dials. These clocks showed time on all continents, phases of the moons, times of tides and many other periodic phenomena.
In 1980 the tower became a state-protected monument.
Tower building
The original tower was built no later than 1425, though the precise date of construction is unknown. In 1812 the tower was sold by the municipal authorities, but after World War I, they repurchased it and slated it for demolition. In 1930 astronomer and clockmaker Louis Zimmer donated a complex clock which was installed in the old tower, which had to be substantially reconstructed for this. In honor of the astronomer the structure was renamed the Zimmer tower.
In 1960 a pavilion for the new clock was built next to the tower to present Zimmer's masterpiece the wonder-clock. (). These wonder-clocks were prepared for the 1935 world exhibition in Brussels; later they were demonstrated in the US. Around one of these dials moves the slowest pointer in the world – its complete revolution will take 25800 years, which corresponds to the period of the precession of the Earth's axis. Subsequently, Zimmer attached to the clocks a mechanical planetarium. The wonder-clocks impressed Albert Einstein, who congratulated Zimmer on the creation of these unusual mechanisms.
On the small square at the foot of the tower an exhibition of the Solar System was arranged with the aid of metallic circles and the rings (circles designate the Sun and planets, rings the orbits of planets). These also show asteroids Felix (№ 1664) and Zimmer (№ 3064), which were named after Felix Timmermans and Louis Zimmer when discovered in 1929, and 1984. In 1980 the tower obtained the status of state protected monument. Now the Zimmer tower and pavilion with the wonder-clocks is a museum.
Description of the dials
The Centenary clock has one large dial in the centre, measuring in diameter. This dial shows the exact time
(UTC+1; during daylight saving time UTC+2 is used instead). The twelve dials around the centre dial show the following (starting from the dial in the 2 o'clock position and going clockwise): the equation of time, the zodiac, the solar cycle and the dominical letter, the week, the globe, the months, the calendar dates, the seasons, the tides, the age of the moon, the phases of the moon and the metonic cycle and the epact.
The equation of time
This dial shows the difference in minutes between the apparent solar time and the mean solar time.
Positive values indicate that the apparent solar time is ahead (fast) of the mean solar time, with maxima around 3 November and 15 May.
Negative values indicate that the apparent solar time is behind (slow) of the mean solar time, with a maximum lag around 12 February and 27 July.
The difference is zero four times a year; around 16 April 15 June, 1 September and 25 December.
The zodiac
Every year the sun describes an imaginary circle around the earth, called the zodiac. The zodiac is divided in twelve segments, each denoted by a sign associated with a constellation.
This dial shows the zodiac signs. The signs of spring; Ram, Bull and Twins. The signs of the summer; Crab, Lion and Virgin. The signs of the fall; Balance, Scorpion and Bowman. The signs of winter; Capricorn, Water-bearer and Fishes. One revolution of this dial takes a year.
The solar cycle and the dominical letter
The solar cycle is a 28-year cycle. After the 28 years, dates reappear in the same order.
On the inner circle, the hand indicates the current year of the solar cycle. On the outer circle, the hand shows the corresponding dominical letter. The dominical letter gives the day upon which the first Sunday of the year falls. The letter A means that the first Sunday of the year will fall on 1 January. The letter E for example, indicates that the first Sunday will be on 5 January.
Leap years have two dominical letters because the dominical letter changes end February. The first letter covers January and February, the second covers March to December. For leap years, the outer circle will show two dominical letters. The cycle of the dominical letters for common years is twice every 11 years and once every 6 years, while for leap years is once every 28 years. 2008 (leap year starting on Tuesday) is the year 1 of the cycle, while 2007 (common year starting on Monday) is the year 28 of the cycle. From 1980 to 2007, respectively, there were:
1980 was a leap year starting on Tuesday, those dominical letters hence were FE, was the year 1 of the cycle.
1981 was a common year starting on Thursday, that dominical letter hence was D, was the year 2 of the cycle.
1982 was a common year starting on Friday, that dominical letter hence was C, was the year 3 of the cycle.
1983 was a common year starting on Saturday, that dominical letter hence was B, was the year 4 of the cycle.
1984 was a leap year starting on Sunday, those dominical letters hence were AG, was the year 5 of the cycle.
1985 was a common year starting on Tuesday, that dominical letter hence was F, was the year 6 of the cycle.
1986 was a common year starting on Wednesday, that dominical letter hence was E, was the year 7 of the cycle.
1987 was a common year starting on Thursday, that dominical letter hence was D, was the year 8 of the cycle.
1988 was a leap year starting on Friday, those dominical letters hence were CB, was the year 9 of the cycle.
1989 was a common year starting on Sunday, that dominical letter hence was A, was the year 10 of the cycle.
1990 was a common year starting on Monday, that dominical letter hence was G, was the year 11 of the cycle.
1991 was a common year starting on Tuesday, that dominical letter hence was F, was the year 12 of the cycle.
1992 was a leap year starting on Wednesday, those dominical letters hence were ED, was the year 13 of the cycle.
1993 was a common year starting on Friday, that dominical letter hence was C, was the year 14 of the cycle.
1994 was a common year starting on Saturday, that dominical letter hence was B, was the year 15 of the cycle.
1995 was a common year starting on Sunday, that dominical letter hence was A, was the year 16 of the cycle.
1996 was a leap year starting on Monday, those dominical letters hence were GF, was the year 17 of the cycle.
1997 was a common year starting on Wednesday, that dominical letter hence was E, was the year 18 of the cycle.
1998 was a common year starting on Thursday, that dominical letter hence was D, was the year 19 of the cycle.
1999 was a common year starting on Friday, that dominical letter hence was C, was the year 20 of the cycle.
2000 was a leap year starting on Saturday, those dominical letters hence were BA, was the year 21 of the cycle.
2001 was a common year starting on Monday, that dominical letter hence was G, was the year 22 of the cycle.
2002 was a common year starting on Tuesday, that dominical letter hence was F, was the year 23 of the cycle.
2003 was a common year starting on Wednesday, that dominical letter hence was E, was the year 24 of the cycle.
2004 was a leap year starting on Thursday, those dominical letters hence were DC, was the year 25 of the cycle.
2005 was a common year starting on Saturday, that dominical letter hence was B, was the year 26 of the cycle.
2006 was a common year starting on Sunday, that dominical letter hence was A, was the year 27 of the cycle.
2007 was a common year starting on Monday, that dominical letter hence was G, was the year 28 and final year of the cycle.
The week
This dial marks the seven days of the week, represented by ancient gods and their symbol.
The globe
The rotation of the Earth causes day and night. It is day on the part of the globe that is currently visible.
The places on earth that pass under the fixed meridian (the golden belt running from the North Pole to the South Pole) have noon at the same time. The globe rotates once every 24 hours.
The months
This dial depicts the twelve months. The hand shows the current month.
One revolution takes a year.
The calendar dates
This dial shows the exact date. The numbering goes to 31, the maximum number of days in a month. In months that have fewer days (28, 29 or 30), the hand automatically moves forward to the first day of the following month. The months with 31 days are January, March, May, July, August, October and December, the months with 30 days are April, June, September and November. February is the only month with less than 30 days. February has only 28 days (29 days in leap years).
The seasons
The dial shows four drawings by Felix Timmermans, representing the four seasons. Spring is represented by a child with flowers (upper left). The duration of the season is indicated with Arabic numerals for the days and Roman numerals for the hours. Spring lasts for 92 days and 11 hours. The summer is represented by a mower and lasts 93 days and 8 hours. Autumn is symbolised by a cornucopia and lasts 89 days and 10 hours. Winter is represented by an old lady reading by the fireside. The duration of the winter is exactly 90 days.
On the dividing lines between the drawings is a small globe indicating the part of the globe that is being lit by the Sun at the start of the season. The differences in illumination during the year are caused by the Earth's axial tilt. The hand completes one revolution a year and shows the current season.
The tides
The dial indicates the tides at Lier, Belgium. The biggest ship and the flag without the streamer indicate high water. When the streamer is above the flag it is flood. It is ebb when the streamer is below the flag. At Lier, the water is rising for 3 hours and 53 minutes and falling in the other hours. This dial completes almost two revolutions a day.
The age of the moon
The time between two full moons is about 29 days, 12 hours, 44 minutes. This is the time it takes the Moon to make one orbit around the Earth. The dial shows how many days passed since last new moon, indicating the day in the cycle of the moon and showing on the inner circumference the phases of New Moon (, N.M.), First Quarter (, E.K.), Full Moon (, V.M.) and Last Quarter (, L.K.).
The phases of the moon
This globe, colored half-gold and half-blue with golden stars, shows the phases of the moon. The golden part represents the visible part of the Moon.
The metonic cycle and the epact
The hand on this dial revolves once in 19 years. After this period, the different phases of the moon will fall again on the same dates in the year. The Greek astronomer Meton proved this in 432 BC. On the outer ring, the hand points to the golden number, or the number of the current year in the metonic cycle. The inner ring shows the epact, which is the age of the moon on the first of January of the current year.
References
Ceulemans, Luk (1980). Louis Zimmer. vzw Gilde "Heren van Lier"
Zimmertorencomité (1982). Stad Lier, zimmertoren en wonderklok
External links
Official Website Zimmertower
The Zimmer Tower
Louis Zimmer and the Centenary Clock, at Famous Belgians
Clock towers
Towers in Belgium
Astronomical clocks
Clocks in Belgium
Lier, Belgium
Toombs County is a county located in the east central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 26,067. The county seat is Lyons and the largest city is Vidalia. The county was created on August 18, 1905.
Toombs County is part of the Vidalia, Georgia Micropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Toombs County was founded as the 144th county in Georgia by the State Legislature on August 18, 1905 and organized on October 9 of that year. The county was originally formed from portions of Tattnall and Montgomery Counties; a small piece of Emanuel County was added in 1907 to give Toombs County its present-day boundaries.
The County is named for Robert Toombs, United States representative and senator. During the Civil War, Toombs also served in the Confederate Provisional Congress, as Secretary of State of the Confederate States, and a brigadier general in the Confederate Army.
Government
Toombs County is governed by a five-member Board of Commissioners, headed by David Sikes, the Chairman. It is also governed by Alvie Kight Jr., who has been Sheriff since 1997.
Politics
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.9%) is water.
The southern half of Toombs County, from south of Vidalia southeast to State Route 147, is located in the Altamaha River sub-basin of the larger river basin by the same name. The northern half of the county, centered on Lyons, is located in the Ohoopee River sub-basin of the Altamaha River basin.
Major highways
U.S. Route 1
U.S. Route 280
State Route 4
State Route 15
State Route 29
State Route 30
State Route 56
State Route 86
State Route 130
State Route 147
State Route 152
State Route 178
State Route 292
State Route 297
State Route 298
Adjacent counties
Emanuel County (north)
Tattnall County (east)
Appling County (south)
Jeff Davis County (southwest)
Montgomery County (west)
Treutlen County (northwest)
Candler County (northeast)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 26,067 people, 9,877 households, and 6,825 families living in the county. The population density was 71 people per square mile (27/km2). There were 11,371 housing units at an average density of 31 per square mile (12/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 69.16% White, 24.15% Black or African American, 0.21% Native American, 0.47% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 5.34% from other races, and 0.66% from two or more races. 8.86% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 9,877 households, out of which 34.70% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.70% were married couples living together, 15.60% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.90% were non-families. 27.00% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.60% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.13.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 28.60% under the age of 18, 9.20% from 18 to 24, 27.80% from 25 to 44, 22.30% from 45 to 64, and 12.20% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.30 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.30 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $26,811, and the median income for a family was $34,478. Males had a median income of $26,988 versus $18,051 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,252. About 17.80% of families and 23.90% of the population were below the poverty line, including 33.80% of those under age 18 and 18.30% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 27,223 people, 10,375 households, and 7,109 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 12,144 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 65.1% white, 24.9% black or African American, 0.7% Asian, 0.3% American Indian, 0.1% Pacific islander, 7.4% from other races, and 1.5% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 11.2% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 17.6% were English, 11.9% were American, and 5.9% were Irish.
Of the 10,375 households, 37.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.3% were married couples living together, 18.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 31.5% were non-families, and 27.2% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.14. The median age was 36.0 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $31,635 and the median income for a family was $44,266. Males had a median income of $35,335 versus $26,893 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,974. About 20.3% of families and 25.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 34.7% of those under age 18 and 21.7% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 27,030 people, 10,030 households, and 6,537 families residing in the county.
Cities and communities
Lyons
Santa Claus
Vidalia
Notable people
Mel Blount (football hall of famer and founder of Mel Blount Youth Home)
Nick Eason (former NFL player and current NFL assistant defensive line coach)
Craig Campbell (country music singer)
Fred Stokes (former pro football player)
Travares Tillman (professional football player)
Don Collins (former professional baseball player)
Paul Claxton (PGA tour professional golfer)
Wally Moses (former professional baseball player)
Algur H. Meadows (oilman, businessman)
Iris Blitch (politician)
Carl Simpson (former professional baseball player)
Don Harris (journalist killed during Jonestown Massacre)
Ben Utt (professional football player)
Paul Anderson (the strongest man)
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Toombs County, Georgia
References
External links
Welcome to the Georgia General Assembly . Home page. Retrieved June 10, 2013.
Toombs County Sheriff's Office
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
Vidalia, Georgia, micropolitan area
1905 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1905
Kuo Chun-lin (; Japanese romaji:Kaku Shunrin; born 2 February 1992) is a Taiwanese baseball pitcher who is a free agent. He had played for the Saitama Seibu Lions of Nippon Professional Baseball (NPB). He attended the National Taiwan University of Physical Education and Sport.
Career
Saitama Seibu Lions
Kuo signed with the Lions after pitching for the Chinese Taipei national baseball team at the 2014 Asian Games, where he earned a silver medal. In November, Kuo won the final of the inaugural World Baseball Softball Confederation 21U Baseball World Cup by pitching a 9–0 shutout versus Japan. Kuo made his NPB debut against the Orix Buffaloes on March 29, 2015, pitching five innings, giving up three runs and recording the win. He finished the season with a 3–7 record and 5.31 ERA over 21 games, and resigned with the Lions on November 18, 2015 for a one-year contract worth at least ¥30 million. Kuo was named to the Chinese Taipei national baseball team for the 2017 World Baseball Classic. He returned to the Lions in the 2018 season.
On December 2, 2019, Kuo became a free agent.
Fubon Guardians
On September 19, 2020, Kuo signed with the Fubon Guardians of the Chinese Professional Baseball League (CPBL). At the time of his signing, Kuo was still recovering from Tommy John surgery. He made his CPBL debut on November 9, 2021.
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Asian Games medalists in baseball
Asian Games silver medalists for Chinese Taipei
Baseball players at the 2014 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2014 Asian Games
Nippon Professional Baseball pitchers
People from Hsinchu
Saitama Seibu Lions players
Taiwanese expatriate baseball players in Japan
2015 WBSC Premier12 players
2017 World Baseball Classic players
Paludan is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Ann Paludan (1928–2014), British author of several books on Chinese history, sculpture, and architecture
Frederik Paludan-Müller (1809–1876), Danish poet born in Kerteminde, on the Island of Fyn
Hans Paludan Smith Schreuder (1817–1882), Norwegian 19th century missionary to Zulu
Jens Theodor Paludan Vogt (1830–1892), Norwegian engineer and first director of Kristiania Sporveisselskab (Oslo tramway operator)
Johannes Paludan (1912–2001), Danish architect
Knud Paludan (1908–1988), Danish ornithologist
Phillip S. Paludan (1938–2007), professor of Lincoln Studies at the University of Illinois, Springfield
Rasmus Paludan (1702–1759), Norwegian theologian and priest
Rasmus Paludan (born 1982), Danish politician
The list of shipwrecks in December 1875 includes ships sunk, foundered, grounded, or otherwise lost during December 1875.
1 December
2 December
3 December
4 December
5 December
6 December
7 December
8 December
9 December
10 December
11 December
12 December
13 December
14 December
15 December
16 December
17 December
18 December
19 December
20 December
References
Bibliography
Ingram, C. W. N., and Wheatley, P. O., (1936) Shipwrecks: New Zealand disasters 1795–1936. Dunedin, NZ: Dunedin Book Publishing Association.
1875-12
Maritime incidents in December 1875
Philippe François Pinel, known as Dumanoir (31 July 1806 – 16 November 1865), was a French playwright and librettist.
Biography
Dumanoir was born in Capesterre-Belle-Eau, Guadeloupe. He was the son of Mrs. Pinel-Dumanoir, whose family planted the palm trees lining the Allée Dumanoir in Guadeloupe. He left Guadeloupe in 1816. Dumanoir wrote in the theatrical genre of Comédie en vaudevilles. He was director of the Théâtre des Variétés from 1837 to 1839. In 1844, he wrote in collaboration with Adolphe d'Ennery, an eponymous drama about Don César de Bazan, one of the characters in Ruy Blas by Victor Hugo.
He died in Pau.
List of major works
Plays
1842: Le Chevalier d'Éon, comedy in 3 acts, (with Jean-François Bayard), Théâtre des Variétés
1839: Les Premières Armes de Richelieu (with Jean-François Bayard), Théâtre du Palais Royal
1840: Indiana et Charlemagne (with Jean-François Bayard), Théâtre du Palais Royal
1842: Ma maîtresse et ma femme, comédie-vaudeville in 1 act, (with Adolphe d'Ennery), Théâtre des Variétés
1843: Les Hures-Graves (with Clairville and Paul Siraudin), Théâtre du Palais Royal
1844: (with Adolphe d'Ennery), Théâtre de la Porte Saint-Martin
1845: Le Code des femmes, Théâtre du Palais Royal
1846: Gentil-Bernard ou L'Art d'aimer (with Clairville), Théâtre des Variétés
1849: , comédie en vaudevilles in 3 acts (with Eugène Labiche and Clairville), Théâtre du Palais Royal
1853: La Case de l'oncle Tom, (with Adolphe d'Ennery), Théâtre de l'Ambigu-Comique
1857: Les Bourgeois gentilshommes, comedy in 3 acts, in prose, Théâtre du Gymnase
1862: Les Invalides du mariage, comedy in 3 acts (with Lafargue), Théâtre du Gymnase
Opera and ballet
1840: La Perruche, opéra-comique in 1 act (with Louis Clapisson and Henri Dupin)
1840: Grisélidis ballet by Adolphe Adam
1845: Maritana, opera by William Vincent Wallace (based on the play Don César de Bazan)
1862: La Chatte merveilleuse, opera by Albert Grisar, libretto written with Adolphe d'Ennery (1811-1899)
1863: La Mule de Pédro, opera by Victor Massé
1872: Don César de Bazan, opera by Jules Massenet (based on the play Don César de Bazan)
Filmography
Don Caesar de Bazan, directed by Robert G. Vignola (1915, based on the play Don César de Bazan)
Don Cesar, Count of Irun, directed by Luise Kolm and Jacob Fleck (Austria, 1918, based on the play Don César de Bazan)
The Adventurer, directed by J. Gordon Edwards (1920, based on the play Don César de Bazan)
Rosita, directed by Ernst Lubitsch (1923, based on the play Don César de Bazan)
The Spanish Dancer, directed by Herbert Brenon (1923, based on the play Don César de Bazan)
Don Cesare di Bazan, directed by Riccardo Freda (Italy, 1942, based on the play Don César de Bazan)
The Seventh Sword, directed by Riccardo Freda (Italy, 1962, based on the play Don César de Bazan)
Decorations
– Officer of the Legion of Honour 14 August 1965
References
Sources
American-Cyclopaedia-Pinel
Brown University Library – Dumanoir
1806 births
1865 deaths
French opera librettists
French ballet librettists
French people of Guadeloupean descent
19th-century French dramatists and playwrights
19th-century pseudonymous writers
Marcedusa () is an Arbëreshë comune and town in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of Italy.
Notes and references
Arbëresh settlements
Cities and towns in Calabria
Ned Collette (born 6 September 1979) is an Australian singer, instrumentalist, songwriter, and producer now based in Berlin. He was a member of Melbourne instrumental band City City City and has since then recorded six albums, either as solo productions or with his band, Wirewalker.
Background
Collette was born in the inner Melbourne suburb of Carlton on 6 September 1979, the only child of parents Susan Hancock, an author and English teacher at La Trobe University, and Adrian Collette, a former operatic baritone and later chief executive of Opera Australia. He graduated with a bachelor's degree in improvised music from the Victorian College of the Arts in 2000, and completed his honours in modern composition at Monash University in 2002.
He formed City City City, an improvisational and mostly instrumental band, and recorded two albums with them before signing to Australian label Dot Dash Recordings and releasing his debut solo album, Jokes and Trials, in July 2006. It drew influences from Paul Kelly, Nick Drake and Syd Barrett. During this time he performed solo, using loops to augment his electric guitar playing. Collette joined Bill Callahan and The National for a series of gigs in Australia and also toured Europe and Britain with harpist Joanna Newsom and indie pop band Camera Obscura.
In September 2007, he released his second album, Future Suture, which featured more complex synth arrangements and orchestration. Teaming with former City City City bandmates Ben Bourke (bass) and Joe Talia (drums) he toured the album in Australia under the name Ned Collette Band, striving to represent the album live. The album was 3RRR's Album of the Week and elicited comparisons with Damon Albarn, Bert Jansch and Leonard Cohen. In October 2008 the band undertook a 22-date tour of the UK, France, Switzerland, Austria, Germany, Poland, Luxembourg and the Netherlands, followed by a 10-date European solo tour in January 2009.
During this period Collette set up home in Glasgow, writing a new set of songs that abandoned the introspective singer-songwriter confessionals for more observed storytelling. Working at Talia's studio in back in country Victoria, the band recorded a second album, Over the Stones, Under the Stars, which returned to a simpler guitar/bass/drums sound. Collette and Talia then travelled to New York City to mix the album with American producer Joel Hamilton. The album was released on 23 October 2009 and received favorable critical reception. The band had earlier announced a name change to Ned Collette + Wirewalker, a reference to Philippe Petit and his Man on Wire film. Wirewalker added keyboardist James Rushford to the live lineup as they toured the album throughout Australia in November 2009. Collette moved to Berlin in early 2010 and the band played concerts throughout Europe in May.
A second Wirewalker album, titled 2, was released on 11 May 2012, through Dot Dash/Remote Control. Collette and Wirewalker also signed their first international licensing deal, with London-based Fire Records, who released the album worldwide (outside Australia and New Zealand) on 6 August. A media release said that while signifying that it was the second album released under that band name, "the title 2 also refers to the fact that the album is essentially a collaboration between Collette and Talia, with regular Wirewalker member Ben Bourke taking time off to be with his young family in Melbourne." Parts of the album were recorded with the two artists working separately—Collette in Berlin and Talia in Melbourne—although Talia spent six weeks in Berlin in mid-2011 to expand the recordings before Collette returned to Melbourne for final mixing. It features guest vocals by Gemma Ray and Laura Jean, among others. The album also features "For Roberto", an instrumental tribute to late Chilean writer Roberto Bolaño. The album received favorable reviews.
On 18 March 2014 it was announced that Collette's fifth album (and third with Wirewalker), Networking in Purgatory, would be released on 18 April 2014 through Dot Dash. The first single "Vanitas Quack" was made available to stream online.
Discography
Albums
With City City City
Dawn & The Blue Light District (Sensory Projects, 2004)
The Perimeter Motor Show (Holding Pattern/Remote Control, 2005)
As Ned Collette
Jokes & Trials (Dot Dash/Remote Control, 2006)
Future Suture (Dot Dash/Remote Control, 2007)
Old Chestnut (It Records/Feeding Tube Records, 2018)
As Ned Collette + Wirewalker
Over the Stones, Under the Stars (Dot Dash/Remote Control, 2009)
2 (Dot Dash/Remote Control, Fire Records, 2012)
Networking in Purgatory (Dot Dash/Remote Control, Bronze Rat 2014)
As a member of Rand & Holland
Caravans (Spunk, 2007)
EPs and singles
Test Patterns EP (CDR release 2004, repressed on Holding Pattern, 2006)
The Pool is Full of Hats EP (featuring Wirewalker and remixes by Super Melody and Spiderface) (Dot Dash/Remote Control, 2010)
Long You Lie / The Hedonist 7" Vinyl (with Joe Talia) (Escobar Records, 2011)
References
External links
Ned Collette on Bandcamp
Cokemachineglow review of Future Suture
City City City on Bandcamp
1979 births
Living people
Australian singer-songwriters
Australian guitarists
21st-century Australian singers
21st-century guitarists
21st-century Australian male singers
Australian male guitarists
Australian male singer-songwriters
Colin Forde (born 16 September 1949) is a Barbadian former cyclist. He competed in the individual road race and the individual pursuit events at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1949 births
Living people
Barbadian male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of Barbados
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Commonwealth Games competitors for Barbados
Cyclists at the 1970 British Commonwealth Games
Gagosian is a contemporary art gallery owned and directed by Larry Gagosian. The gallery exhibits some of the most influential artists of the 20th and 21st centuries. There are 16 gallery spaces: five in New York City; three in London; two in Paris; one each in Basel, Beverly Hills, Rome, Athens, Geneva and Hong Kong.
Development
1980s
Larry Gagosian opened his first gallery in Los Angeles in 1980. In the 1980s, the Los Angeles gallery showed the work of young contemporary artists such as Eric Fischl, Jean-Michel Basquiat and David Salle, as the New York City space mounted exhibitions dedicated to the history of The New York School, Abstract Expressionism and Pop Art by showing the earlier work of Robert Rauschenberg, Roy Lichtenstein and Willem de Kooning. In 1985, the business expanded from Los Angeles to New York. In 1986, Gagosian opened a second space on West 23rd Street in Manhattan.
1990s
In 1989, a new and more spacious gallery opened in New York City at 980 Madison Avenue with the inaugural exhibition: "The Maps of Jasper Johns." During its first two years, the Madison Avenue space, once used by Sotheby's, presented work by Yves Klein, Andy Warhol, Cy Twombly and Jackson Pollock. Shortly after, artists such as Walter de Maria, Philip Taaffe, Francesco Clemente, and Peter Halley joined the gallery. Gagosian Gallery's second New York City location opened in the neighborhood of SoHo, then the heart of the New York art scene, in 1991. Shortly before, the gallery had wooed David Salle and Philip Taaffe from long-term relationships with the Mary Boone Gallery. The new venue served to show large-scale works by artists such as Richard Serra, Mark di Suvero, Barnett Newman, and Chris Burden. The downtown location showed younger artists such as Ellen Gallagher, Jenny Saville, Douglas Gordon and Cecily Brown. The uptown gallery maintained its commitment to historical exhibitions by showing monumental sculptures by Miró, Calder and Moore.
Andy Warhol was exhibited at both New York galleries, in collaboration with the Andy Warhol Foundation, including exhibitions of his Rorschach Paintings, Camouflage Paintings, Late Hand-Painted Paintings, Oxidation Paintings and the Diamond Dust Shadow Paintings. In 1996, The Damien Hirst exhibition "No Sense of Absolute Corruption," was the first exhibition in America to show Hirst's animals in formaldehyde tanks, a controversial series of the artist's oeuvre.
Gagosian opened a location in Beverly Hills designed by architect Richard Meier in 1995. The Beverly Hills gallery mounted exhibitions by Edward Ruscha, Nan Goldin, Frank Gehry, Jeff Koons and Richard Prince. It also showed modern artists such as Pablo Picasso, Roy Lichtenstein and Abstract Expressionism group exhibitions. To finance Koons's giant "Celebration" sculptures, a consortium of dealers, including Gagosian, spent years helping the artist line up buyers willing to prepay for them. The buyers paid $2 million to $8 million apiece to own one of the artist' car-sized sculptures of balloon dogs and candy-colored hearts.
In 1999, Gagosian Gallery moved from SoHo to West 24th Street, in New York's industrial Chelsea. Richard Gluckman designed the gallery in which Richard Serra presented the monumental sculpture, "Switch," in November 1999. The new space was fully completed in September. The large viewing space at West 24th Street allowed Gagosian artists, such as Richard Serra and Damien Hirst, to exhibit large scale works with great flexibility.
2000s
In spring of 2000, Gagosian became an international gallery with the opening in London of a Caruso St John-designed space on Heddon Street, near Piccadilly, then the largest commercial art gallery in London. The UK gallery inaugurated its exhibitions program with a performance by the Italian artist Vanessa Beecroft, followed by an exhibition of works by Chris Burden. In September 2000, in New York, Gagosian held the Hirst show, Damien Hirst: Models, Methods, Approaches, Assumptions, Results and Findings.
A second London Gallery, also designed by Caruso St John, on Britannia Street, opened in May 2004 with a paintings and sculpture show by Cy Twombly. Comparable to the Chelsea exhibition space in size, this addition was then the largest commercial art gallery in London. It accommodated large sculpture, video pieces and installations such as Martin Kippenberger's show, The Magical Misery Tour, Brazil. The Heddon Street location closed in July 2005, and a new storefront space on Davies Street opened simultaneously with an exhibition of Pablo Picasso prints.
To complement the West 24th Street gallery, a Richard Gluckman designed space on West 21st Street opened in October 2006. A joint exhibition with the 24th Street gallery, Cast a Cold Eye: The Late Works of Andy Warhol, launched Gagosian Gallery's second location in Chelsea and third location in New York. In 2009, the 21st Street gallery held an exhibition of Pablo Picasso's late works entitled Mosqueteros, curated by Picasso historian John Richardson.
The Madison Avenue location introduced a fifth-floor gallery space, set up to focus more on young and upcoming artists. Featuring works by Hayley Tompkins and Anselm Reyle, Old Space New Space inaugurated the space in January 2007. The fifth-floor gallery has since showcased the works of Steven Parrino, Mark Grotjahn and Isa Genzken, Dan Colen and Dash Snow, among others. From 2007 on, Gagosian Gallery has also shown at the art gallery of the Eden Rock St Barths, Saint Barthélemy, including an exhibition of Richard Prince (2007).
Gagosian opened a gallery in Rome in 2007, exhibiting new works by Cy Twombly. The Italian space is a refurbished former bank on Via Francesco Crispi, built in 1921 and redesigned by Rome-based architect Firouz Galdo in collaboration with Caruso St John. The renovation transformed the classical space into a contemporary gallery while retaining its Roman character. The main banking hall of the building had a huge bay window, and the architects have remodelled the opposite, formerly perpendicular, wall to create an oval space, with plenty of daylight coming through the windows.
In November 2008, Gagosian Gallery expanded its Madison Avenue gallery to the fourth floor, with an inaugural exhibition of works by Francis Bacon and Alberto Giacometti in Isabel and Other Intimate Strangers, in collaboration with the Giacometti Foundation and the Bacon Foundation.
Between 2003 and 2008, artists who had previously been represented by other renowned galleries joined Gagosian, such as Anselm Reyle from Gavin Brown's Enterprise; John Currin from Andrea Rosen; Mike Kelley from Metro Pictures; Tom Friedman from Feature; Takashi Murakami from Marianne Boesky; and Richard Phillips from Friedrich Petzel. On the other hand, several artists left the stable for smaller galleries, including Tom Friedman, Mark di Suvero, and Ghada Amer. The estate of Willem de Kooning went to rival Pace Gallery in 2010.
2010s
In 2010, Gagosian opened its Paris gallery on 350-square-meter (3,757 square feet) at 4, rue de Ponthieu, where it debuted with an exhibition of five new acrylic abstracts and five bronze sculptures by Cy Twombly. Priced between $4 million and $5 million each, all the paintings sold before the gallery officially opened. Located off Rue du Rhône in Geneva's business district, a 140-square-metre Art Deco space was opened as the gallery's Swiss outpost later that year.
In early 2011, the gallery, which has had a representative in Hong Kong since 2008, opened a facility at the Pedder Building there. The outpost was inaugurated with an exhibition by Damien Hirst. That year, a survey of dealers in The Wall Street Journal estimated that Gagosian Gallery's annual sales approached $1 billion. In May 2011 alone, roughly half the works for sale by the major auction houses in New York (evening sales only) were by artists on the gallery's roster.
In October 2012, Gagosian Gallery opened a new gallery outside of Paris in Le Bourget. Designed by architect Jean Nouvel, the space is the 12th Gagosian location worldwide.
From 2016 until 2021, Gagosian Gallery operated a space on Howard Street in San Francisco. Over the course of four years, it hosted shows by Richard Prince, Ed Ruscha, Jonas Wood, and Jay DeFeo, among others, and partnered with the Golden Gate National Recreation Area and the Golden Gate National Parks Conservancy to install two large-scale sculptures by Giuseppe Penone at Fort Mason from 2020 until 2021.
Gagosian has a global presence with 17 exhibition spaces in New York, Los Angeles, San Francisco, London, Paris, Rome, Athens, Geneva, Hong Kong and Basel, designed by world-renowned architects including Caruso St John, Richard Gluckman, Richard Meier, Jean Nouvel, Selldorf Architects, and wHY Architecture.
Further expansion
As of 2008, buyers from Russia and other republics of the former Soviet Union account for almost 50 percent of total global sales at Gagosian Gallery. Strong relationships with Russian collectors and an expanding Russian art scene, encouraged Gagosian to host temporary exhibitions in Moscow. In 2007, Insight? featured works by Jeff Koons, Damien Hirst, Willem de Kooning and Pablo Picasso, in the Barvikha Luxury Village.
In late 2011, following "Brazil: Reinvention of the Modern," a 2011 exhibition Gagosian Gallery held in its Paris outpost featuring the 1960s and '70s Neo-Concrete artists Sérgio de Camargo, Lygia Clark, Amilcar de Castro, Hélio Oiticica, Lygia Pape, and Mira Schendel, the gallery will stage a major sculpture exhibition in a warehouse in Rio de Janeiro as part of the ArtRio fair.
Since its arrival in Hong Kong in 2011 of its 26 solo exhibitions only one has featured a woman artist.
Auction records
Gagosian Gallery aims to maintain the price level of its artists by actively playing a role at art auctions. When Christie's established an auction record for Henri Matisse by selling a bronze relief for $48.8 million in 2010, it was Gagosian that bought the work. Also, Gagosian Gallery purchased Ed Ruscha's Angry Because It's Plaster, Not Milk (1965) for $3.2 million at Phillips de Pury in 2010, again establishing an auction record for that artist. Not long after joining Gagosian Gallery in 2003, the painter John Currin made his auction record of $847,500; his highest price before was a little over half that.
Legal issues
Tax evasion
In 2003, the Internal Revenue Service sued Larry Gagosian and three of his associates, accusing them of evading $26.5 million in taxes, interest and penalties on a 1990 sale of contemporary art. The IRS charged Gagosian and his partners deliberately shifted assets out of a company they created, Contemporary Art Holding Corp., to avoid paying taxes.
In May 2016, New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman announced a $210,000 tax settlement with Gagosian Gallery director Victoria Gelfand-Magalhaes, though the settlement involved 31 works—including pieces by John Baldessari, Richard Prince and Cindy Sherman—that she had bought between 2005 and 2013 through her company Artemis, not Gagosian.
In July 2016, Gagosian Gallery agreed to a $4.28 million settlement on back taxes, interest and penalties after Schneiderman and the New York State Department of Taxation and Finance found that the company and its affiliate Pre-War Art Inc. in Beverly Hills, California, had failed to pay New York State sales tax on hundreds of art transactions from 2005 to 2015.
Copyright infringement
When French photographer Patrick Cariou launched a copyright lawsuit against Richard Prince in 2009, the suit also named as defendant Larry Gagosian, who had displayed the disputed series of painting in a show titled "Canal Zone".
Other issues
In 2009, a deal that Gagosian Gallery had struck to buy $3 million in gold bricks for the work One Ton, One Kilo by the artist Chris Burden was frozen when it turned out that the bricks had been acquired from a Houston-based company owned by financier Allen Stanford, who was later charged by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and sentenced to 110 years in prison for cheating investors out of more than $7 billion over 20 years in one of the largest Ponzi schemes in US history.
In March 2011, British collector Robert Wylde sued the Gagosian Gallery for selling him Mark Tansey painting, The Innocent Eye Test (1981), which, it turned out, had been promised to the Metropolitan Museum of Art by its owner, Jan Cowles. The case was later settled for in January 2012. Shortly after, Gagosian Gallery was sued before the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York by Cowles herself, who claimed that the gallery sold another painting, Girl in Mirror (1964) by Roy Lichtenstein, from her collection in 2008–2009 without her consent.
In 2018, Steven Tananbaum brought a case to the New York Supreme Court against Gagosian Gallery and the studio of Jeff Koons over their alleged failure to deliver three works by the artist for which he had paid more than $13 million.
See also
Antwaun Sargent, a director and curator
References
External links
Larry Gagosian and Thomas Ammann to buy Hughes Warhols together
Art museums and galleries in Los Angeles
Art museums and galleries in Manhattan
Contemporary art galleries in the United States
Contemporary art galleries in France
Contemporary art galleries in London
Contemporary art galleries in Italy
Art galleries established in 1979
1979 establishments in California
Howard Charles Tibbals (August 10, 1936 – March 20, 2022) was the artist and sculptor who created The Howard Bros. Circus, a 3/4-inch-to-one-foot scale replica of the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus. The replica is now located on the Ringling Estate, in Sarasota, FL.
Tibbals was born in 1936. He saw his first circus at age 3. In 1943 he watched the circus unload from trains and began playing circus. For his 12th birthday, in 1948, he was given a lathe and jigsaw, which he used in his model building. Tibbals begin creating the circus's big top in 1956. He built his first circus wagon in 1959 (wagon #40). Most of the circus was completed in 1974, but it was not premiered until 1982, at the World's Fair in Knoxville, TN. As of 2004, the entire circus is on display at the Ringling Estate, in Sarasota, FL.
Howard Tibbals died on March 20, 2022, at his home in Sarasota, Florida.
References
1936 births
2022 deaths
American sculptors
People from Sarasota, Florida
Galant is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Jacqueline Galant (born 1974), Belgian politician
Martyna Galant (born 1995), Polish athlete
Rashaad Galant (1947–2014), South African cricketer
Yoav Galant (born 1958), Israeli general and politician
See also
Gallant (surname)
David Cassels (4 March 1859 – 25 January 1923) was a Scotland international rugby union player. He was the 35th President of the Scottish Rugby Union.
Rugby Union career
Amateur career
Cassels played rugby union for West of Scotland.
Provincial career
Cassels played for Glasgow District in the inter-city match of 1879 and 1880. He captained the side in 1881.
He was capped by West District in January 1880. In February 1881, he was capped by West of Scotland District for their match against East of Scotland District.
International career
Cassels had 7 caps for Scotland between 1880 and 1883.
Administrative career
Cassels became the 35th President of the Scottish Rugby Union. He served one year from 1908 to 1909.
References
1859 births
1923 deaths
Rugby union players from Glasgow
Scottish rugby union players
Rugby union forwards
Scotland international rugby union players
Presidents of the Scottish Rugby Union
West of Scotland FC players
Glasgow District (rugby union) players
West of Scotland District (rugby union) players
East Fork Rio Chama is a tributary of the Rio Chama in southern Colorado. The stream flows south from Dipping Lakes near the continental divide in Conejos County, Colorado to a confluence with the West Fork Rio Chama in Archuleta County, Colorado that forms the Rio Chama.
See also
List of rivers of Colorado
References
Rivers of Colorado
Rivers of Archuleta County, Colorado
Tributaries of the Rio Grande
Rivers of Conejos County, Colorado
Nilceu Aparecido dos Santos (born July 14, 1977, in Cascavel) is a Brazilian professional racing cyclist for the DataRo-Bottecchia team.
Career highlights
2001
1st – Prova Ciclística 9 de Julho (BRA)
2002
3rd – Copa América de Ciclismo (BRA)
Stage 2 and 5 wins – Volta do Rio de Janeiro (BRA)
2004 – Memorial-Santos
1st – Prova Ciclística 9 de Julho (BRA)
Stage 3 – Tour de Santa Catarina (BRA)
2005 – Scott-Marcondes Cesar-São José dos Campos
1st – Copa América de Ciclismo (BRA)
Stage 1 – Volta de São Paulo (BRA)
2nd – National Championship, Road, Elite, Brazil (BRA)
3rd – Prova Ciclística 9 de Julho (BRA)
2nd overall GC – Volta Do ABC Paulista (BRA)
2nd – Copa da Republica de Ciclismo (BRA)
2006 – Scott-Marcondes Cesar-São José dos Campos
1st – Copa América de Ciclismo (BRA)
Stage 2 – Volta Ciclistica de Porto Alegre (BRA)
Stage 9 – Volta de São Paulo (BRA)
1st – Prova Ciclistica 1° de Maio – GP Ayrton Senna (BRA)
Stage 1, 8, 9 and 10 wins – Tour de Santa Catarina (BRA)
2007 –
1st – Copa América de Ciclismo (BRA)
1st overall GC and Stage 2, 3 and 4 wins – Torneio de Verão (BRA)
Stage 5 – Volta do Rio de Janeiro (BRA)
Stage 1 – Volta de São Paulo (BRA)
National Championship, Road, Elite, Brazil (BRA)
Stage 1 – Tour de Santa Catarina (BRA)
1st – Copa da Republica de Ciclismo, Elite/U23 (BRA)
2008 –
1st – Copa América de Ciclismo (BRA)
2009 –
2nd – Copa América de Ciclismo (BRA)
2014
1st Stage 8 Tour do Brasil
External links
1977 births
Living people
Brazilian male cyclists
People from Cascavel
Sportspeople from Paraná (state)
Chantelle Allison (August 5, 1988) is an Australian professional wrestler better known by the ring name Shazza McKenzie. She is known for her work across the independent circuit for promotions such as Shine wrestling and SHIMMER Women Athletes.
Professional wrestling career
Independent circuit (2008-present)
On September 20, 2008, McKenzie made her wrestling debut at Insane Championship Wrestling at there 'ICW End Game' event. McKenzie faced Alison Wonderland for the ICW women's championship which McKenzie lost. On September 26 McKenzie picked up her first win at Australasian Wrestling Federation where she faced Aurora and beat her. On November 8 McKenzie challenged Wonderland for the championship again at 'ICW Day Of Darkness 2008', this time beating her making her the new ICW women's champion. On March 3, 2012 McKenzie made her US (and international) independent circuit debut at East Coast Wrestling Association where she faced Kylie Pierce and defeated her. On June 14, 2014 at 'PWA home run', McKenzie faced Evie for the PWWA championship which McKenzie won. After 441 days of defending the PWWA championship, On August 29, 2015 at 'PWA Pin City', McKenzie lost the championship to Charli Evans and Jessica Troy. On April 9, 2017, at a PWA event, McKenzie teamed up with Big Fudge and called themselves 'The Choc Blockers' and they challenged the team of InstaGraham and Unsocial Jordan for the PWA tag team championship, which The Choc Blockers won. On June 3 McKenzie won the PWWA championship again after a three way match between Charli Evans and Harley Wonderland. On February 25, 2018, the team of 'The Choc Blockers' lost the PWA tag team championship to SnapChad and Unsocial Jordan at a PWA event. On 14 June 2019, McKenzie lost the PWWA championship to Jessica Troy at 'PWA Black Label', making her second PWWA championship reign 741 days long.
SHIMMER Women's Athletes (2012-present)
On 17 March 2012, McKenzie made her Shimmer debut competing in Volume 45, teaming up with Veda Scott in a tag team match facing Melanie Cruise and Mena Libra which McKenzie and Scott lost. On April 13, 2013, McKenzie teamed up with Veda Scott again in Volume 55, this time facing the Canadian Ninjas (Nicole Matthews and Portia Perez) for the Shimmer tag team championship, which McKenzie and Scott won by disqualification which meant to title didn't change. On July 8, 2017, in Volume 93, McKenzie challenged Nicole Savoy for the Heart of Shimmer Championship which McKenzie won. On April 15, 2018, in Volume 104, McKenzie lost the Heart of Shimmer championship to Dust. On March 31, 2019 McKenzie challenged Savoy for the Shimmer championship which Mckenzie lost
Shine wrestling (2012-2016)
On October 19, 2012, McKenzie made her debut at shine wrestling on the Shine 4 event. She teamed up with Davina Rose and faced Allysin Kay and Taylor Made in a tag match which they lost. On April 19, 2013, McKenzie returned to Shine on the Shine 9 event teaming with fellow Australians Jessie Mckay and Kellie Skater facing Mia Yim, Nikki Roxx and Santana which McKenzie's team won. On June 17, 2016 at Shine 35 McKenzie teamed up with Evie and faced Jayme Jameson and Marti Belle for the Shine tag team championship which McKenzie's team lost.
WWE
NXT (2015, 2018)
On October 28, 2015, going by the ring name Shazza, made her WWE debut on NXT facing Emma which Shazza lost to by submission. Shazza made her NXT return in May 2, 2018, where she faced Kairi Sane and lost by pinfall.
All Elite Wrestling (2019)
On August 29, 2019 it was announced that McKenzie would be taking part in the AEW Casino battle royale at All Out which she was eliminated from. On November 8 McKenzie took part in a tag match on AEW Dark teaming with Shalandra Royal facing Nyla Rose and Leva Bates which McKenzie's team lost.
Personal life
Allison started watching wrestling when she was 16. She was drawn in by Trish Stratus' mix of toughness and sexiness. From the first time she watched it she knew wrestling was what she wanted to do. As soon as she had enough money she joined the local wrestling school.
Championships and accomplishments
Insane Championship Wrestling
ICW Women's Championship (1 time)
PWA Black Label
PWWA Championship (2 times)
PWA Tag Team Championship (1 time) - with Big Fudge
Shimmer Women Athletes
Heart of Shimmer Championship (1 time)
'''World Series Wrestling
WSW Women's Championship (1 time, current)
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Sydney
Sportswomen from New South Wales
Australian female professional wrestlers
21st-century professional wrestlers
William Posey may refer to:
Bill Posey (born 1947), American businessman and politician; U.S. Representative from Florida
Willie Bernard Posey (died 2006), bodyguard of football player Tank Johnson
William Posey Silva (1859–1948), American painter
Ukkusissat Heliport is a heliport in Ukkusissat, a village in the Uummannaq Fjord system in the Avannaata municipality in northwestern Greenland. The heliport is considered a helistop, and is served by Air Greenland as part of a government contract. There are no facilities at the helistop; check-in is administered in the Pilersuisoq communal store, the central point of the settlement.
On the way from Uummannaq Heliport, Air Greenland helicopters fly alongside the southern and western wall of Appat Island, to then pass above the narrow Appat Ikerat strait between Appat and the smaller Salleq Island, a high, standalone flooded mountain.
Airlines and destinations
Air Greenland operates government contract flights to villages in the Uummannaq Fjord area. These mostly cargo flights are not featured in the timetable, although they can be pre-booked. Departure times for these flights as specified during booking are by definition approximate, with the settlement service optimized on the fly depending on local demand for a given day.
Photographs
References
Airports in the Arctic
Heliports in Greenland
Uummannaq Fjord
Collen Smith (born ) is a Namibian rugby union player, currently playing with the Namibia national team and the in the South African Currie Cup competition. His regular position is tighthead prop.
Rugby career
Smith was born in Germiston, South Africa, but grew up in Windhoek.
He made his test debut for in 2012 against and represented the in the South African domestic Currie Cup competitions since 2016.
References
External links
Namibian rugby union players
Living people
1991 births
Rugby union players from Germiston
Rugby union props
Namibia international rugby union players
US Highway 33 (US 33) is a part of the United States Numbered Highway System that was once located in Berrien County, Michigan. At the time it was removed from the state, it was only about long running north from the Indiana state line to an intersection with US 12 south of Niles. The highway was not originally part of the US Highway System in the state; it was added in 1938 as a second designation for part of US 31 between the state line and St. Joseph. It was later extended further north to the community of Lake Michigan Beach. This extension became the only section of US 33 that was routed independent of another highway until it was truncated to Niles. In 1997, US 33 was officially removed from the state.
Route description
At the time it last existed in Michigan, US 33 started at the Indiana state line at an intersection with State Line Road. From there it ran due north along 11th Street through a residential neighborhood parallel to the St. Joseph River. Just past an intersection with Fulkerson Road, the highway curved briefly to the northeast as it approached Bell Road. US 33 terminated at a five-ramp partial cloverleaf interchange with US 12 (Pulaski Highway) south of the city of Niles in Bertrand Township. According to the Michigan Department of Transportation (MDOT), the agency that maintained the roadway, in 1998, the last year it was US 33, the highway carried between 17,192 and 24,669 vehicles on average, daily. Additionally, the roadway that carried the highway designation is listed on the National Highway System, a network of roads important to the country's economy, defense, and mobility.
History
The State Trunkline Highway System was created on May 13, 1913, by an act of the Michigan Legislature; at the time, one of the system's divisions corresponded to US 33. Division 5 followed a course from Niles northward to Mackinaw City. In 1919, the Michigan State Highway Department (MSHD) signposted the highway system for the first time, and the future US 33 corridor was assigned the original M-58 designation from the state line northward through Niles to St. Joseph. When the United States Numbered Highway System was created on November 11, 1926, the corridor received the US 31 designation. The US 33 designation was later added to US 31 from the state line northward to St. Joseph on January 1, 1938, ending at the intersection with US 12/US 31 at Main Street and Niles Avenue. It was dedicated as part of the Blue and Gray Trail on May 2 of that year.
In November 1960, the US 33 designation was extended northward along US 31 from St. Joseph through Benton Harbor to Hagar Shore Road in Lake Michigan Beach. Three years later, a segment of the Interstate 96 (I-96, later I-196) freeway opened northeast of Benton Harbor, and US 31 was rerouted to follow it, leaving US 33 to its own alignment between Scottdale and Lake Michigan Beach, now following of Hagar Shore Road east to its I-96/US 31 interchange. This was the first time that US 33 had a section of its routing in Michigan that was not concurrent with another highway. Additional freeway for US 31 was built in the late 1970s into the 1980s. Called the St. Joseph Valley Parkway, the first section of this freeway through Berrien County was completed in 1979 and ran from the Indiana state line north to US 12; after its completion, US 33 had a second independent routing from the state line north to downtown Niles.
US 33 was all but eliminated in Michigan on June 9, 1986, when the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials (AASHTO) approved a request by MDOT to truncate the designation to the intersection with US 12 south of Niles. Signage was updated in September 1986, renumbering the northern section to M-63 and the section between downtown Niles and US 12 as a rerouted Bus. US 12. The last segment of US 33 between US 12 and the state line was removed on April 25, 1997, when AASHTO approved a joint request by MDOT and its counterpart in Indiana to truncate the highway designation to an intersection with US 20 in Elkhart, Indiana. This remaining segment in Michigan became part of an extended M-51 when the signage was changed a year later.
On March 5, 2010, a segment of Bus. US 12 previously used by US 33 in downtown Niles was transferred back to city control. Otherwise, except for a slight reroute at Scottdale, all of US 33 at its greatest extent from 1963 through 1986 remains part of a state highway in Michigan. From the state line into Niles, it is M-51. From the west side of downtown Niles, it is M-139 to Scottdale, and from there north, it is M-63.
Major intersections
See also
Notes
References
External links
Historic US 33 at Michigan Highways
33
Michigan
Transportation in Berrien County, Michigan
Capricornio was a Spanish satellite launch vehicle developed by the Instituto Nacional de Técnica Aeroespacial (INTA) in the 1990s. It was expected to be a low-cost solution to place up to 70 kg payloads into 600 km polar orbits or 60 to 140 kg payloads into low Earth orbit. The Capricornio program was cancelled in 2000.
Development
First phase: development of solid motors using the INTA-100 and INTA-300 sounding rockets, launched from the El Arenosillo test range in southern Spain.
Second phase: use Capricornio second and third stages as the Argo sounding rocket (originally planned for winter 1998-99).
Third phase: first launch of the full Capricornio rocket, carrying a micro-satellite.
Configuration
Three-stage solid propellant launcher. Overall length of 18.25 m, body diameter of 1.0 m and weighs 15,035 kg at launch.
Stage 1 contains a Thiokol Castor 4B motor with HTPB solid propellant.
Stage 2 contains a motor named Deneb-F.
Stage 3 contains a motor named Mizar-B.
Projected flights
The first flight of Capricornio was scheduled to take place from El Hierro Launch Centre in late 1999 or 2000. It would carry two small satellites: Nanosat 01 (developed by the Polytechnic University of Madrid) and Venus (Polytechnic University of Madrid and other universities in Mexico and Argentina).
See also
References
Space launch vehicles of Spain
Instituto Nacional de Técnica Aeroespacial
Expendable space launch systems
Space launch vehicles of Europe
William Wortham Pool (April 1842 – February 1922) was an American bookkeeper. His name and burial site are associated with the Richmond Vampire.
He was born in Mississippi, the son of Samuel Pool (1806–1872) and Nancy Rose Wortham (1819–1873). His siblings were John R. Pool (1840–?); Thomas Pool (1844–?); Albert Pool (1847–?); and Dirdus Pool (1850–?). His father was a merchant and, in 1860, William was a clerk in Jackson.
In the 1860s, Pool moved to Virginia. He was a clerk in a tobacco factory in Manchester, in 1870. In 1880 and 1900, he was a bookkeeper. He was working as a private secretary in 1910; then as a bookkeeper again in 1920 in Richmond.
In c. 1866, he and Alice Purdue (December 1842–Feb. 6, 1913) were married. They had four children, Lawrence P. Pool (c. 1867–?); Annie W. Pool (October 1872–?); Samuel Pool (March 1875–?); and Mary L. Pool (July 1881–?). His wife and children were all born in Virginia.
William W. Pool died at age 80. He was interred in Hollywood Cemetery, Richmond. His family tomb is inscribed with the date 1913, the year of his wife's burial. Their bodies have been relocated to escape vandalism brought on by the vampire rumors.
References
External links
Photo of W.W.Pool's grave, Hollywood Cemetery, Richmond, VA
Hollywood Cemetery History
1842 births
1922 deaths
Bookkeepers
Burials at Hollywood Cemetery (Richmond, Virginia)
People from Mississippi
Businesspeople from Richmond, Virginia
The Cameroon national women's football team, also known as the Indomitable Lionesses, is the national team of Cameroon and is controlled by the Cameroon Football Association. They finished second in the 1991, 2004, 2014, and 2016 Africa Women Cup of Nations, participated in the 2012 Olympic Games and have competed in their first ever FIFA Women's World Cup in 2015.
History
Back in the 1970s, Cameroon was one of very few countries to have a woman play for a men's team in the top league. A true flag bearer, Emilienne Mbango was a starter for legendary Cameroonian club Leopard of Douala between 1970–1973 where she formed a sensational strike duo with a talented teenager called Roger Milla. Despite this success for Mbango it was not until the late 1980s that a national team was set up with Regine Mvoue captaining the squad to a maiden final at the Africa Cup of Nations in 1991.
It would take time but women's football began to properly blossom when Cameroon qualified for the 2012 Olympics. The Indomitable Lionesses were also hailed for finishing second at the 2014 Africa Cup of Nations, qualifying for their maiden Women's World Cup in Canada in 2015 and eventually exiting the event in the last 16 after a 1–0 loss to China.
In 2016, Cameroon hosted the country's first Women's Africa Cup of Nations amid great fanfare. The tournament was staged in Yaounde and Limbe and boasted record crowds at the stadiums. The hosts lost 1–0 against Nigeria in the final.
However, the success of the national team has yet to make an impact on the national scene with an underfunded domestic championship staged in appalling conditions.
Team image
Home stadium
The Cameroon women's national football team plays their home matches on the Stade Ahmadou Ahidjo.
Overall competitive record
1 Equatorial Guinea was disqualified from the competition for fielding an ineligible player, so Cameroon advanced to the final qualifying round instead.
Results and fixtures
The following is a list of match results in the last 12 months, as well as any future matches that have been scheduled.
Legend
2021
2022
2023
Source:global archive
Coaching staff
Current coaching staff
Manager history
Carl Enow (2003–2018)
Alain Djeumfa (????–2022)
Gabriel Zabo (2022–present)
Players
Current squad
The following list is th final squad for 2022 Africa Women Cup of Nations in June 2022.
Caps and goals as of 10 March 2020 after the match against .
Recent call-ups
The following players were named to a Cameroon squad in the last 12 months.
This list may be incomplete.
Previous squads
FIFA Women's World Cup
2015 FIFA Women's World Cup squad
2019 FIFA Women's World Cup squad
Summer Olympics
2012 Summer Olympics squad
Africa Women Cup of Nations
2000 African Women's Championship squad
2010 African Women's Championship squad
2012 African Women's Championship squad
2014 African Women's Championship squad
2016 Africa Women Cup of Nations squad
2018 Africa Women Cup of Nations squad
2022 Africa Women Cup of Nations squad
Captains
Christine Manie (????–)
Honours
Regional
COSAFA Women's Championship
Runners-up: 2018
Competitive record
FIFA Women's World Cup
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
Olympic Games
For 2012 Cameroon qualified for the first time to the Olympics.
Africa Women Cup of Nations
African Games
UNIFFAC Women's Cup
Honours
All−time record against FIFA recognized nations
The list shown below shows the Djibouti national football team all−time international record against opposing nations.
*As of xxxxxx after match against xxxx.
Key
Record per opponent
*As ofxxxxx after match against xxxxx.
Key
The following table shows Djibouti's all-time official international record per opponent:
See also
Sport in Cameroon
Football in Cameroon
Women's football in Cameroon
Cameroon women's national under-20 football team
Cameroon women's national under-17 football team
Cameroon men's national football team
References
External links
Official website
FIFA profile, FIFA.com
Football in Cameroon
African women's national association football teams
Ebby Halliday (born Vera Lucille Koch; March 9, 1911 – September 8, 2015) was an American realtor and businesswoman who founded Ebby Halliday Realtors.
She was one of the first successful female entrepreneurs in Dallas and is recognized as the "First Lady of Real Estate". John S. Baen, a professor of real estate at the University of North Texas in Denton comments, ''she was the first woman to enter what was a chauvinistic profession in a macho state'' and that ''she beat those ol' boys at their own game.''
Halliday was born in Leslie, Arkansas, and graduated from high school in Abilene, Kansas, in 1929. She got a $10-a-week job selling women's hats at The Jones Store in Kansas City. In less than a year, she was the top salesperson. In 1938, she was asked to take over the millinery department at Dallas' W.A. Green Store. Soon she had her own Dallas boutique, Ebby's Hats. She founded her real estate company in 1945.
Halliday married former FBI agent Maurice Acers in 1965. Maurice Acers died in 1993. She celebrated her 100th birthday on March 9, 2011. She died at the age of 104 on September 8, 2015 in her sleep, with her friends and family by her side.
Halliday received the Horatio Alger Award in 2005.
See also
List of centenarians (businesspeople)
References
External links
Ebby Halliday, 98, visits client, 97 – The Dallas Morning News
Official site
Top 280 Companies ranked by 2003 sales volume – realtor.org
February 2006 Newsletter – Farmers Branch Chamber of Commerce
Yellow Rose Named For Texas Legend Ebby Halliday
1911 births
2015 deaths
People from Abilene, Kansas
People from Dallas
American real estate businesspeople
American centenarians
People from Searcy County, Arkansas
Women centenarians
Klemen Bergant (born 14 September 1966) is a Slovenian former alpine skier who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1988 Winter Olympics and for Slovenia in the 1992 Winter Olympics.
External links
sports-reference.com
1966 births
Living people
Slovenian male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Yugoslavia
Olympic alpine skiers of Slovenia
Alpine skiers at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1992 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Ljubljana
Universiade medalists in alpine skiing
Universiade gold medalists for Yugoslavia
Competitors at the 1989 Winter Universiade
The Göppingen Gö 8 was a 1/5 scale model of the Dornier Do 214, a large projected trans-atlantic long-range flying boat, designed by Dornier Werke GmbH in Germany during World War II. The Gö 8 was used primarily to validate the hydro-dynamic and aerodynamic properties of the Do 214.
Design and development
The Gö 8 was designed and built by Wolf Hirth and Ulrich Hütter / Schempp-Hirth at Göppingen. Construction was primarily of wood, with smooth surfaces, replicating the planing surfaces in scale. A retractable tailwheel undercarriage was installed in the hull. The pilot sat under a long greenhouse canopy which followed the profiles of the proposed Do 214, giving good visibility. Accommodation for a flight test engineer was provided in the hull behind the pilot.
Operational history
The Gö 8 flight trials were undertaken at Oberpfaffenhofen, with hydrodynamic testing on Bodensee, towed by a motorboat. Further aerodynamic testing was carried out at the Göttingen aeronautical research laboratory.
Specifications (Gö 8)
References
External links
Planeurs : Göppingen Gö-8
1940s German experimental aircraft
Glider aircraft
Flying boats
Dan Ryan (born June 21, 1962) is an American non-profit executive and politician who was elected to the Portland City Council on August 12, 2020. Ryan defeated Multnomah County Commissioner Loretta Smith in a runoff election to succeed Nick Fish, who died of stomach cancer on January 2, 2020. Ryan will serve for the remainder of Fish's term, which ends in 2022.
Early life and education
Ryan was born in North Portland, Oregon, the youngest of eight children. Ryan was the first in his family to graduate from college. Ryan earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Oregon and took graduate courses at The New School.
Career
Prior to announcing his candidacy for Portland City Council, Ryan worked as an administrator at Portland State University, where he managed the school's first capital campaign.
Ryan served as a member of the Portland School Board from 2005 to 2008, and was the CEO of All Hands Raised, an education non-profit, from 2008 to 2019. Ryan is the third LGBT person elected as a commissioner of Portland, and the first to have been diagnosed with HIV. Upon his election in August, Ryan called for an end to the 2020 Portland protests and committed to establishing a "peace summit" between local politicians and activists. Ryan assumed office on September 9, 2020.
During his campaign, Ryan was endorsed by City Commissioner Jo Ann Hardesty and former Governor Barbara Roberts.
Personal life
While living in New York City in 1986, Ryan was diagnosed with HIV. In 1996, Ryan was diagnosed with pneumocystis and was given between six months and a year to live. He then returned from Seattle, where he was living at the time, to his hometown of Portland, Oregon, expecting to die soon.
References
1962 births
21st-century American politicians
Living people
LGBT city councillors from the United States
Oregon Democrats
People with HIV/AIDS
Portland City Council members (Oregon)
School board members in Oregon
University of Oregon alumni
21st-century LGBT people
is a 1991 3D driving simulation arcade game developed and published in Japan by Namco. The game has a pseudo-panoramic view using three CRT screens; the player would sit in a then-realistic Formula One car cockpit with LCD instruments. The game would start with the player selecting either "easy drive" or "technical drive". Once the selection was made the screen would show a 3D model of a Formula One car with a V8 engine being placed into the engine bay and then the body work gliding down. As that happened the camera view would change and reveal a sign saying "BRAKES ON". When the sign lifted the race would start.
Reception
In Japan, Game Machine listed Driver's Eyes on their May 1, 1991 issue as being the second most-successful upright/cockpit arcade game of the month.
Notes
References
External links
1991 video games
Arcade video games
Arcade-only video games
Formula One video games
Namco games
Namco arcade games
Racing simulators
Video games developed in Japan
A postern is a secondary door or gate in a fortification such as a city wall or castle curtain wall. Posterns were often located in a concealed location which allowed the occupants to come and go inconspicuously. In the event of a siege, a postern could act as a sally port, allowing defenders to make a sortie on the besiegers. Placed in a less exposed, less visible location, they were usually relatively small, and therefore easily defensible.
Tactical use
Posterns were one of the essential means of ensuring safe communication between the enceinte and the outerworks of a defensive fortification. An 1850 West Point course summary on permanent fortifications discusses the placement and construction of posterns.
Examples
In 1896, C.R. Condor, writing for the London Palestine Pilgrims' Text Society viewed Zion Gate in Jerusalem, built west of one of the city's medieval main gates, as a likely postern. Also mentioned were the postern of St. Lazarus, west of the Damascus Gate; the postern of the Tanners' Gate; and the postern of the Madeleine at Herod's Gate. Right of the Golden Gate is a small postern called the Gate of Jehosaphat.
The city walls of York contained a number of posterns; at North Street Tower, the postern gate was demolished to accommodate the Great North of England Railway. The tower still stands. There were also posterns at Fishergate, and Longwalk. Around 1672, the Castlegate postern was made wide enough for carriages. The fourteenth-century Layerthorpe Bridge, a crossing of the Foss, adjacent to the King's Pool, was once attached to a postern in the city wall, known as Layerthorpe Postern. The original Skeldergate postern was only large enough to allow pedestrian traffic to and from the city.
In Oxford, there was a postern in the east city wall called Windsore Postern. There were at least three posterns in the wall at New College Gardens.
The Tower Hill Postern was a small fortified entrance at the eastern terminal point to the London Wall, at the junction of the Wall and the Tower of London moat. In the early 17th century the City and the Crown contested ownership of the postern as part of a Tower boundary dispute. Moorgate was built by upgrading a postern built in 1415, and enlarged in 1472 and 1511.
Literature
In literature, a postern features in the Le Chanson de Girart de Roussillon, where the hero makes use of one to escape when betrayed; as does Renaud de Montauban in the chanson de geste, The Four Sons of Aymon. A postern also provided a safe retreat for Ogier the Dane.
In Malory's Le Morte d'Arthur, "La Cote de Male Tayle" is rescued at the Castle Orgulous when a damsel slips through the postern to find his horse and ties it to the postern so that La Cote de Male Tayle can escape the 100 knights assailing him.
The term is occasionally used in other contexts referring to a secondary door placed after a main entrance.
References
Castle architecture
Types of gates
William Albright may refer to:
William F. Albright (1891–1971), evangelical Methodist archaeologist, biblical authority, linguist and expert on ceramics
William Albright (musician) (1944–1998), American composer, pianist and organist
William Donald Albright (1881–1946), Canadian agriculturalist and journalist
Will Albright (fl. 1950), American racecar driver
See also
Bill Albright (1929–2013), American football player
Germany competed at the 2019 Military World Games held in Wuhan, China from 18 to 27 October 2019.
Medal summary
Medal by sports
Medalists
References
2019 Military World Games Results
Nations at the 2019 Military World Games
Military
Lu Wen-teh (, born 26 February 1963) is a Taiwanese professional golfer.
Lu turned professional in 1992 and plays on the Asian Tour where he has five wins.
Professional wins (9)
Asian Tour wins (5)
*Note: The 2007 Macau Open was shortened to 54 holes due to rain.
Asian Tour playoff record (3–1)
Other wins (4)
1990 Thailand Open
1994 Mercuries Masters
1996 Mercuries Masters
2008 Kunming Championship (China)
Team appearances
Amateur
Eisenhower Trophy (representing Taiwan): 1988
Professional
Dunhill Cup (representing Taiwan): 1995
World Cup (representing Taiwan): 2008
See also
List of golfers with most Asian Tour wins
External links
Taiwanese male golfers
Asian Tour golfers
Sportspeople from Taipei
1963 births
Living people
is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Sae Amatsu, published from 2001 to 2005 in Monthly Shōnen Ace.
An OVA series was released in 2003, with three sets of episodes. Two years later, a new OVA series was released, named "Guardian Hearts - Power Up".
Brief summary
A guardian heart by the name of Hina accidentally reveals herself to a boy. The two then begin living together. As the story progresses, more girls begin living with them for the same reason.
Characters
Voiced by: Takahiro Sakurai
The male protagonist of the show. Fortunately, or perhaps unfortunately, he discovers the secrets and identities of a number of girls throughout the series. The first girl being the Guardian Heart, Hina, and to keep her identity secret he has no choice but to let her live with him. To make matters more interesting, every girl whose secret or identity he discovers also comes to live with him and Hina.
Voiced by: Rie Kugimiya
One of the main female characters. She is a Guardian Heart, a protector of the peace and well-being of an assigned planet, who must always keep her identity a secret. Hina is sent to Earth as a last chance to redeem her previous failures at keeping her identity a secret (said to be equal to a record). This fails spectacularly as Kazuya witnesses her arrival (thus setting a new record for the fastest that a Guardian Heart's identity has been found out). She asks Kazuya to let her live with him (since he has seen her naked) so that they can pretend to be a family and so her allow her to stay, since family members are exempt from the keeping her identity secret requirement. Kazuya's mother who arrives on the scene a little later agrees to this arrangement over his strenuous objections. In addition to her duties she also has to complete tests given by her superiors so that she can stay on Earth. She loves Kazuya and pushes the other girls away when she feels they're getting too close to him.
Voiced by: Haruna Ikezawa
One of the main female characters. She is a princess from a magical world who came to Earth looking for a husband who is also secretly a magical girl. After her accidental meeting with Kazuya she becomes convinced that he is fated to become her husband, especially since Kazuya found out her true identity. She is very obsessed with Kazuya and constantly daydreams about him. She hates the Guardian Heart for always preventing her from getting close to Kazuya and is unaware that Hina is the Guardian Heart.
Voiced by: Kae Araki
One of the main female characters. She is known as "Black Maya" by her ninja clan. Although she is a runaway ninja (for reasons unknown), she still calls herself a ninja from her clan and upholds the clan traditions. One of these traditions is to keep their identity secret, and kill anyone who knows their identity. Kazuya finds out about her identity as a ninja when he discovers her ninja tools. She attempts to kill Kazuya but Hina intervenes and they face off. Kazuya helps Maya escape from Hina, saving her life. Since ninjas of Maya's clan must always repay their debts she also comes to live with him, looking for the opportunity to repay the favor. Initially she hates Kazuya, especially since according to her clan's traditions she has no choice but to become his wife (because not only has he seen her naked twice, he has also kissed her twice). As the story progresses, she warms up to him as she realizes he is reliable and kind. Consequently, she comes to believe that Kazuya is fated to be her husband, although she has difficulty in expressing her feelings. She hates the Guardian Heart for beating her in their fight.
Voiced by: Kyouku Tsuruno
One of the main female characters. Kurusu is an alien who comes from a planet whose people have the power to use the skills and powers shown by the clothes they are wearing (mostly uniforms), and so she always cosplays. She fell in love with Kazuya at first glance, since she immediately confessed her identity to him on their meeting for the first time, but their conversation was interrupted by Guardian Heart. She also hates the Guardian Heart for interrupting her confession to Kazuya. She also lives with Kazuya.
Voiced by: Hisayo Mochizuki
One of the female characters that lives together with Kazuya. She is a miko (priestess) from the planet Karutei, and so she can sense spiritual power and also exorcise spirits. Her reason for staying with Kazuya is unknown, but she apparently lives with him when the rest of the girls starting living with him as well. She loves to eat, and can digest foodstuffs that are deadly to humans.
Voiced by: Mayumi Shintani
A female talking cat who started living at Kazuya's house but is closer to his mother than him. She gets along with Kazuya and the girls, except Chelsea whom she started teasing even before she started living with Kazuya (for some reason). She encourages all of the girls except Chelsea to become closer to Kazuya. When her ear is pulled three times she turns into a big monster which just looks like a Godzilla-sized white cat.
Tori
A yellow bird, who can transform into a girl. Her true identity is unknown, but she apparently has the power to transform Kazuya into a heroic figure. She is the only character who cares for everyone's well-being and doesn't take sides. She is also the narrator in the series.
Themes
Opening theme Nagareboshi no hi by Sleepin' Johnny Fish
Ending theme Glassdama by Sleepin' Johnny Fish
References
Further reading
External links
2003 anime OVAs
2005 anime OVAs
Comedy anime and manga
Fantasy anime and manga
Harem anime and manga
Shōnen manga
Bandy Farms Historic District, also known as the Theodore L. Bandy Farm and Joseph S. Bandy Farm, is a historic farm and national historic district located near Bandy's Crossroads, Catawba County, North Carolina. The district encompasses 3 contributing buildings. They are two nearly identical two-story brick farmhouses built in 1884 and 1887, and a one-story brick outbuilding.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
References
Farms on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Houses completed in 1884
Houses in Catawba County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Catawba County, North Carolina
A neckerchief (from neck (n.) + kerchief), sometimes called a necker, kerchief or scarf, is a type of neckwear associated with those working or living outdoors, including farm labourers, cowboys and sailors. It is most commonly still seen today in the Scouts, Girl Guides and other similar youth movements. A neckerchief consists of a triangular piece of cloth or a rectangular piece folded into a triangle. The long edge is rolled towards the point, leaving a portion unrolled. The neckerchief is then fastened around the neck with the ends either tied or clasped with a slide or woggle.
Naval
Neckerchiefs worn by sailors are shaped like a square, and are folded in half diagonally before rolling, with rolling occurring from the tip of the resulting triangle to its hypotenuse. Either neckerchief is then placed on the wearer's back, under or over the shirt collar with the ends at the front of the wearer. The rolled ends then pass around the neck until they meet in front of it, where they are secured together, either with a knot, such as a reef knot or a slip knot, or with a rubber band or other fastener (called a woggle or neckerchief slide) and allowed to hang. A slip knot (vs. a simple reef or square knot) will give way if the neckerchief gets caught and is thus less likely to choke the wearer.
Sailors in the United States Navy have worn a rolled black neckerchief since the American Civil War. It is currently part of the men's service dress uniform for junior enlisted sailors as well as the women's summer dress uniform.
Scouting
The Scouting movement makes the neckerchief part of its uniform. A generally ceremonial item, the neckerchief is taught to be a practical wilderness item in the Scouting tradition. The neckerchief, unrolled, is designed to be the perfect size for use as a triangular bandage for first aid.
The origin of the Scouting neckerchief seems to be in Robert Baden-Powell's participation in the Second Matabele War in 1896; where he worked with Frederick Russell Burnham, an American-born scout employed by the British Army. Baden-Powell copied Burnham's practical style of dress, including "a grey-coloured handkerchief, loosely tied around the neck to prevent sunburn". When Baden-Powell launched the Scout Movement with the book Scouting for Boys in 1908, he prescribed a neckerchief or scarf as part of the Scout uniform, which he stated was "very like the uniform worn by my men when I commanded the South African Constabulary". He continued; "Every Troop has its own scarf colour, since the honour of your Troop is bound up in the scarf, you must be very careful to keep it tidy and clean." Initially, Scout neckerchiefs were tied with a variety of knots, but the use of a "woggle" or slide, originated in the United States in the early 1920s and quickly spread around the Scouting world.
Each Scout group would have a neckerchief of different design and colours. In most countries each Scout Troop uses its own colour neckerchief. The colours are usually the "Troop Colours" which may have a particular historical significance to the troop or to the local community.
At Scouting camps and jamborees these neckerchiefs represent units, subcamps or the camp as a whole. Fun scarves are also used as memorabilia at Scout events and country scarves are often traded at international gatherings
In Canada, while most groups use colour neckerchiefs, there is also an optional alternate universal pattern tartan neckerchief: white plaid on red for Scouts, gold plaid on dark green for Cubs. Alternating thick and thin lines of the plaid spell out "CANADA" in Morse code.
In Australia, Queensland uses a single maroon necker for the whole state, while the other states allow groups, Venturer Units and Rover Crews to choose their own necker. Region and Branch Teams also have their own neckers.
In Hungary, as well as the Hungarian diaspora communities in countries such as the US, the necktie color is national rather than distinctive for each troop, being light blue for ages 10 and younger and grass green for ages 11 and up.
In other countries individual patrols are identifiable by their neckerchiefs and so troops may have many different neckerchiefs all at once. In both of these cases the neckerchief and its colours are an issue of identity, and become emblematic of a troop or a patrol.
Neckerchiefs can also have important ceremonial functions in Scouting, for example, the 1st Gilwell Scout Group present a special neckerchief on completion of the Wood Badge.
Some Traditional Scouting Associations use a square neckerchief folded over, as Scouts originally wore.
Political youth movements
In Nazi Germany, the Hitler Jugend, Deutsches Jungvolk and Bund Deutscher Mädel all wore a black neckerchief as part of their uniform, usually folded under the shirt collar. It has been suggested that it was copied from Scouting, which was banned in Germany in 1935.
In many Communist states, members of the Pioneer movement wore a red neckerchief which was sometimes worn without the rest of the uniform. This continues at present in China and Vietnam.
See also
Ascot
Bandanna
Cravat
Fichu
Friendship knot
Kerchief
Neal Manufacturing Company
Red scarf
Scout Scarf Day
External links
References
Scarves
Scouting uniform
Maritime culture
Several vessels have been named Lynx for the lynx:
was launched at Whitby in 1776. From 1777 to 1798 she traded with the Baltic. Between 1798 and 1811 Lynx engaged in whaling in Davis Strait. She then changed to trading with New Brunswick; in 1812 a French privateer captured her.
Lynx was a Chesapeake-built six-gun schooner that the British Royal Navy captured and took into service in 1813 as (sometimes Musquedobet or Musquidobit). She was sold into commercial service in 1820 and nothing is known of her subsequent fate.
is a square topsail schooner launched in 2001 and based in Nantucket, Massachusetts. She is an interpretation of the 1812 American letter of marque vessel of the same name (see above).
See also
– one of ten vessels or shore establishments of the British Royal Navy
– one of two vessel names of the US Navy
– a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission from 1917 to 1919
– The British captured her in 1807 and named her HMS Heureux. She was broken up in 1814.
– scuttled in 1942 to avoid capture by the Germans
Ship names
Lynn Willis (died January 18, 2013) was a wargame and role-playing game designer, best known for his work with Metagaming Concepts, Game Designers' Workshop (GDW), and Chaosium.
Biography
Willis began by designing science fiction wargames for Metagaming Concepts, starting with Godsfire in 1976. He designed the MicroGames Olympica (1978) and Holy War (1979). Chaosium published Lords of the Middle Sea (1978), and Willis joined Chaosium in 1978. GDW published Bloodtree Rebellion (1979). Willis's relationship with Chaosium proved the most enduring; he would turn to role-playing games. He helped founder Greg Stafford trim and refine the RuneQuest rules into Basic Role-Playing, the rules that would serve as the base for many of Chaosium's RPG lines. He wrote the Call of Cthulhu campaign The Masks of Nyarlathotep (1984) with Larry DiTillio. He was included in the design credits for Worlds of Wonder (1982) and the Ringworld RPG (1984).
With other members of Chaosium, he co-wrote the Ghostbusters RPG for West End Games, which won the H.G. Wells Award for Best Role-playing Rules of 1986. Willis co-designed the fifth edition of Call of Cthulhu with Sandy Petersen, and replaced Keith Herber as line editor of Cthulhu when Herber left Chaosium in 1994. He worked with Petersen again for the sixth edition of Call of Cthulhu. Willis created the game Elric! with Richard Watts as a new Basic Role-Playing version of Stormbringer. After Greg Stafford left Chaosium in 1998, Willis stayed on as editor-in-chief.
Willis left Chaosium in late 2008 due to ill health; at the time, he was the longest serving Chaosium employee, with 30 years of experience with the company.
Death
On September 11, 2008, the President of Chaosium, Charlie Krank, informed the public that Willis had been diagnosed with Parkinson's disease. Krank later reported that Willis died on January 18, 2013.
References
External links
Official Chaosium Staff profile of Willis
Board game designers
2013 deaths
Year of birth missing
Place of birth missing
Chaosium game designers
Role-playing game designers
Neurological disease deaths in the United States
Deaths from Parkinson's disease
American game designers
Halemaumau (six syllables: HAH-lay-MAH-oo-MAH-oo) is a pit crater within the much larger Kīlauea Caldera at the summit of Kīlauea volcano on island of Hawaiʻi. The roughly circular crater was x before collapses that roughly doubled the size of the crater after May 3, 2018. Following the collapses of 2018, the bottom of Halemaumau was roughly below the caldera floor. Halemaumau is home to Pele, goddess of fire and volcanoes, according to the traditions of Hawaiian religion. Halemaʻumaʻu means "house of the āmau fern".
Halemaumau contained an active lava lake for much of the time before 1924, and was the site of several eruptions during the 20th century. The crater again contained an active lava lake between 2008 and 2018, with the level of the lava usually fluctuating between 20 and 150 meters below Halemaumau's crater floor, though at times the lava lake rose high enough to spill onto crater floor. The lava lake drained away in May 2018 as new volcanic vents opened in lower Puna. The subsidence of the lava lake was accompanied by a period of explosions, earthquakes, large clouds of ash and toxic gas, and finally a gradual collapse of the summit caldera around Halemaumau. The collapse events ceased abruptly on August 2, 2018.
A small water pond appeared in Halemaumau in the summer of 2019. The pond deepened and enlarged into a small lake after it was first observed, measuring deep on December 20, 2020. A new eruption began at 9:30 PM local time on December 20, 2020, completely boiling away the water lake and partially refilling the crater with lava. The eruption created a lava lake which lasted until May 23, 2021. The eruption was declared over 3 days later, on May 26, 2021. The latest eruption began on September 29, 2021 and is ongoing .
Geological history – 1823 to 2008
1823 to 1894: Caldera lava lake and formation of Halemaumau
William Ellis, a British missionary and amateur ethnographer and geologist, published the first English description of Kīlauea Caldera as it appeared in 1823. Ellis observed a large lake of molten lava:
From the time Ellis made his observations in 1823 (and likely some time before that as well) through 1840, a lava lake was present within a broad region of Kīlauea Caldera. Between 1840 and 1894, the size of the lava lake gradually got smaller, becoming localized near the present site of Halemaumau.
In 1866, Mark Twain, an American humorist, satirist, lecturer, and writer hiked to the Caldera floor. He wrote the following account of the lake of molten lava which he found there:
Following an earthquake swarm in December 1894, the lava lake fully drained away from Kīlauea's summit, ending the decades-long period of nearly continuous activity. After the disappearance of lava, Halemaumau was left behind as a circular pit crater wide. Sporadic eruptions took place within Halemaumau occurred over the next decade, while continued collapse events deepened Halemaumau to by March 1899.
1906 to 1924: Reemergence of lava lake and explosive eruption
By the end of 1906, the lava lake was again present nearly all of the time. At the time geologist Thomas Jaggar opened the Hawaiian Volcano Observatory in 1912, Halemaumau was nearly full with active lava.
In February 1924, Halemaumau's lava lake drained away, again leaving behind a pit crater deep. Beginning on April 29, of that year, the crater floor began to collapse, eventually deepening to more than deep by May 7, 1924.
Beginning during the night of May 9–10, 1924, a period of explosive eruptions took place at Halemaumau. The explosions emitted large explosive columns of ash and other debris up to high that precipitated on surrounding communities. In the community of Glenwood, from Halemaumau, gutters on the roof of a store collapsed due to the weight of muddy ash. The explosive blasts also ejected rocks out of Halemaumau, some as large as 14 tons. One person was killed during an explosion on May 18 after being crushed by falling debris. The explosions continued for two and a half weeks, finally ceasing on May 27.
Halemaumau's more than doubled in size during the eruption. The crater's diameter grew to approximately , while the crater's depth increased to about .
1924 to 1982: Short-lived eruptions partially fill Halemaumau
After the 1924 events, seven eruptions occurred within Halemaumau between 1924 and 1934, partly refilling the crater. Following the 1934 eruption, Halemaumau was relatively quiet until 1952, when a six-month long eruption took place. Subsequent eruptions in the 1950s, 1960s, and 1970s partially refilled the crater. A 1982 eruption covered a small portion of the northeastern crater floor.
2008 to 2018 eruptive activity
Beginning of the eruption
Halemaumau was quiet for 25 years after the 1982 eruption, with eruptive activity at Kīlauea being focused on the volcano's east rift zone beginning in 1983. However, Hawaiian Volcano Observatory scientists observed a gradual increase in activity beginning in late 2007, including an increase in sulfur dioxide emissions and an increase in seismic tremor. By March 2008, these parameters were several times higher than normal.
Crater activity began to increase when between March 10 and March 14, 2008, gas began to vent from the east wall fumarole directly below the Crater Overlook. At 02:58 am HST on March 19, 2008, HVO personnel recorded seismic events, and sunrise revealed a 20–30 meter (65–100 foot) diameter hole blown in the side where the vent once was; the explosion scattered debris and spatter across and damaged the Crater Overlook. Pieces as large as were found on Crater Rim Drive while blocks hit the crater overlook area. This was the first explosive eruption of Halemaumau since 1924, and the first lava eruption from the crater since 1982. The new crater formed in the explosion was informally named "Overlook Crater" by Hawaiian Volcano Observatory staff.
Sulfur dioxide gas emissions increased rapidly at the beginning of the episode. On March 13, HVO recorded a rate of 2,000 tons/day, the highest rate since measurements began in 1979. A concentration of over 40 ppm on Crater Rim Drive was measured, prompting alerts and other public safety measures. Halemaumau continued to intermittently emit high levels of volcanic gases, ash, spatter, Pele's Tears, and Pele's Hair until the second episode.
Another explosive event occurred during the night of April 9, 2008, which widened the Overlook Crater by an additional 5–10 meters (15–30 feet), ejected debris over some and further damaged the overlook as well as scientific monitoring instruments.
In response to the second episode, scientists and local government officials on April 9, 2008, ordered hundreds of people to evacuate from the Park and nearby villages because the sulfur dioxide concentration levels had reached a critical level and a hazardous vog plume extended downwind from the crater. The evacuation lasted two days.
On April 16, 2008, a third significant explosive event occurred at Halemaumau, spreading ash and debris throughout the area. Subsequently, a second evacuation of the park and surrounding areas was ordered on April 23, 2008.
Activity continued through the next few months, with Halemaumau continuing to emit a plume of ash and gases. A fourth explosive event occurred on August 1, 2008, and a fifth on August 27, 2008.
September 2008: Lava lake becomes visible
A Hawaii Volcano Observatory news release and images dated September 5, 2008 confirmed the first recorded images of a lava lake 130 feet below the lip of the Overlook Crater. The HVO had alluded to the presence of lava within the vent, including the sporadic ejecting of lava materials from the vent due to explosive episodes, but this gave officials the first opportunity to visually confirm that active lava was present. The report also noted that the lava could not be seen from observation points around the crater.
September 2008 to April 2018: Sustained lava lake
The lava lake within Halemaumau's Overlook Crater vent was visible nearly continuous from March 2008 until May 2018. During the period, the Overlook Crater slowly enlarged. The height of the lava lake fluctuated. In May 2015, the lake rose high enough to spill onto the Halemaumau crater floor for the first time, adding a layer of lava approximately thick to the crater floor.
For three years from 2015 to 2018 the lava lake level remained close to the rim, with a further minor overflow event in October 2016 and a significant one in April 2018 that covered a majority of the crater floor in new lava.
In April 2018, a significant series of overflows had reportedly covered most of the Halemaʻumaʻu crater floor with new lava.
April to July 2018: Drainage of lava lake and the collapse of the summit caldera
On April 30, the Puʻu ʻŌʻō crater on Kīlauea's east rift zone collapsed. Several days later, lava began to emerge from fissures on the lower east rift zone in Leilani Estates. On May 1, concurrent with the shift of activity on Kīlauea's east rift zone, the summit lava lake within Halemaumau's Overlook Crater began to drop; the US Geological Survey's status update on the evening of May 6 reported that Halemaumau's Overlook Crater lava lake had dropped by since April 30. By May 10, the lava lake was no longer visible. Geologists believed that the draining of the lava lake was driven by a steady withdrawal of magma from Kīlauea's summit to feed the eruption on the volcano's lower east rift zone. Several small explosive events occurred between May 16 and May 26, ejecting ash and small blocks within a few hundred meters of the vent. An explosion on May 17 created an ash plume that reached above sea level.
Beginning near the end of May, the floor of Kīlauea Caldera around Halemaumau began to subside in a series of 62 separate collapse events. At each collapse event the floor of the caldera dropped several meters and there was a magnitude 5.2 to 5.4 earthquake. Between each collapse event, an escalating swarm of earthquakes would occur. Notably, more than 700 earthquakes of a magnitude 4.0 or higher occurred each day during the collapse period. The collapse events enlarged and deepened Halemaumau. The crater's volume increased from about 54-60 million cubic meters (1,907–2,119 cubic feet) to 885 million cubic meters (31,253 cubic feet) and the depth of the crater increased by more than , to a depth roughly below the floor of the summit caldera. During the collapse, the former Halemaumau overlook and its parking lot were lost when segments of the crater rim slumped into the crater. The summit collapse events ceased abruptly on August 2, 2018, two days before the eruptive activity on Kīlauea's east rift zone decreased significantly.
2019–20 water lake
In late July 2019, helicopter pilots reported seeing a green pond of water at the bottom of the much-deepened Halema'uma'u crater. Geologists from the Hawaiian Volcano Observatory confirmed the presence of water during a helicopter fly-over on August 1, 2019. Further observation in August showed the pond was rising, with a water temperature of about .
Hawaiian Volcano Observatory scientists believe that the lake formed because the 2018 collapse events caused by the floor of Halemaʻumaʻu to collapse below the level of the local water table. The scientists suspect that the water table likely collapsed along with the rest of the crater but began to recover elevation after the collapse. Because the bottom of Halemaʻumaʻu was believed to be roughly lower than level of the area water table after the collapse, water was able to inundate the crater floor as it rose. The lake marked the first time in recorded history that liquid water appeared in Halemaʻumaʻu crater in the form of a crater lake, though the US Geological Survey noted that at least one other small pond, thought to mark a body of perched water trapped by dikes, was present in the caldera just north of Halemaʻumaʻu prior to the caldera's collapse in 2018.
As of July 2020, the dimensions of the water lake were approximately by , covering an area of about six acres and containing over of water. The lake was over deep, and had risen an average of each week since the lake was first seen in July 2019. The lake continued to deepen through December 2020 and measured deep, before the onset of an eruption that began on December 20.
2020–21 eruption
On December 20, 2020, at 9:30 PM local time, an eruption broke out within Halemaʻumaʻu. The US Geological Survey's Hawaiian Volcano Observatory reported that three vents were feeding lava into the bottom of Halemaʻumaʻu Crater, boiling off the water lake that had been growing since summer 2019 and replacing it with a lava lake. The observatory reported that the eruption created a plume that reached 30,000 feet in elevation. The eruption had been preceded by earthquake swarms centered under Kīlauea Caldera on November 30, 2020, and December 2, 2020, the second of which was interpreted as a small intrusion of magma.
County emergency officials reported that the eruption had stabilized by the following morning and that two of the three vents remained active and continued to fill the floor of Halemaʻumaʻu with lava. As of 7:30 a.m. on December 25, 2020, the lava lake had filled in of the crater and the level of the lake was continuing to rise. , the western-most vent remained active and the lava lake had increased to a depth of about , though the eastern portion of the lava lake had stagnated.
On May 26, 2021, the Hawaiian Volcano Observatory announced in a daily update that Kīlauea was no longer erupting. Lava supply to the lava lake appeared to have ceased between May 11 and May 13, and the lava lake had completely crusted over by May 20. The last surface activity in Halemaʻumaʻu was observed on May 23. At the time eruptive activity ceased, the lava lake was deep and had a volume of approximately .
September 2021 eruption (ongoing)
The Hawaiian Volcano Observatory began to record increased earthquake activity and changes in ground deformation patterns at Kīlauea's summit at about noon local time on September 29, 2021. An eruption began at 3:20 p.m. local time when several fissures opened within Halemaʻumaʻu crater in Kīlauea's summit caldera. During the initial stages of the eruption, lava erupted in fountains more than tall, though the height of the fountains declined as the level of lava in the crater rose, partially drowned the erupting vents.
As of 2022, lava continues to erupt at Halemaʻumaʻu. Since the eruption began to April 2022, an estimated of lava had erupted, covering and causing the floor of Halemaʻumaʻu to rise .
Gallery
References
External links
U.S. Geological Survey Kilauea update page
Kīlauea
Hawaiʻi Volcanoes National Park
Volcanic craters
Articles containing video clips
Volcanic crater lakes
Former lakes of the United States
The Samarcand Arson Case of 1931 was a noteworthy but now little known case involving sixteen female inmates at the Samarcand Manor State Industrial Training School for Girls.
Incident
The incident occurred at dusk on March 12, 1931, at the Samarcand Manor State Industrial Training School for Girls, located twenty miles away from Carthage, North Carolina.
Two buildings, Bickett Hall and Chamberlain Discipline Hall, were completely destroyed, causing more than $100,000 worth of damage.
Sixteen suspects between the ages of thirteen and eighteen were charged the following day with arson, at the time a capital crime in the state of North Carolina.
The girls had a taste for fire—one group, in jail in Robeson County, destroyed their cells, tearing up their bunks and setting them afire. Another, jailed in Carthage, NC, torched their beds and attacked the firefighter who arrived to fight the blaze. Transferred to the Moore County jail, the same group started a fire there, too. A week later, they were on trial for first-degree arson.
Journalist, death penalty opponent, and newly minted lawyer Nell Battle Lewis agreed to take the case as defense attorney. Through a plea bargain, in exchange for a guilty plea, the charges were reduced to attempted arson.
Twelve of the sixteen girls received adult sentences of eighteen months to five years, two were discharged and two received suspended sentences.
References
All information so far taken from
Bickford, A.L. (2007). Imperial modernity, national identity and capital punishment in the Samarcand Arson Case, 1931. Nations and Nationalism 13 (3), 437–460.
1931 in North Carolina
Arson in North Carolina
1931 fires
School fires
Building fires in the United States
March 1931 events
Tawny Newsome (born February 24, 1983) is an American musician, comedian, and actress best known for playing Chelsea Leight-Leigh on Bajillion Dollar Propertie$, co-starring in Space Force and the third season of Brockmire, and co-hosting the podcast Yo, Is This Racist?. She is also a singer in the band Four Lost Souls. She voices one of the main characters, Beckett Mariner, on Star Trek: Lower Decks.
Early life
Originally from Vacaville, California, where she grew up on a ranch, Newsome attended DePaul Theatre School in Chicago, where she started her comedy career with Second City.
Career
Newsome was a backup singer in a touring Talking Heads tribute band. This later led to her being cast in Documentary Now! in a similar role.
Newsome's first major television roles were as Chelsea Leight-Leigh on Bajillion Dollar Propertie$ and Nina on The Comedy Get Down.
Newsome has been a co-host of the podcast Yo, Is This Racist? alongside Andrew Ti since 2018. She also appears as a frequent guest on podcasts such as Comedy Bang! Bang! and Spontaneanation with Paul F. Tompkins.
Newsome is also a musician and is a member of the band Four Lost Souls alongside Jon Langford, Bethany Thomas, and John Szymanski. The group released a debut self-titled album in 2017.
Newsome was in the main cast of Brockmire in its third season. She was also cast in the 2019 ABC pilot Woman Up. She was cast as a lead voice in the CBS All Access series Star Trek: Lower Decks.
She appears in a lead role as Maj. Angela Ali in the Netflix series Space Force starting in 2020.
Since 2020, Newsome has co-hosted Star Trek: The Pod Directive, the official Star Trek podcast, along with comedian Paul F. Tompkins.
Filmography
References
External links
Living people
1983 births
American television actresses
American women comedians
Actresses from California
Comedians from California
21st-century American actresses
21st-century American comedians
People from Vacaville, California
Batrachorhina griseiventris is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1942. It is known from Mauricius.
References
Batrachorhina
Beetles described in 1942
Bad Gastein (; formerly Badgastein; Southern Bavarian: Bod Goschdei) is a spa town in the district of St. Johann im Pongau, in the Austrian state of Salzburg. Picturesquely situated in a high valley of the Hohe Tauern mountain range, it is known for the Gastein Waterfall and a variety of Belle Époque hotel buildings.
Geography
Bad Gastein is located in the historic Pongau region, the municipal area of about is the largest in St. Johann im Pongau District. It stretches along the upper Gastein Valley following the course of the Gastein Ache creek, a right tributary of the Salzach river. The valley separates the Hohe Tauern Ankogel Group in the east from the Goldberg Group in the west.
The town centre is located at the Gastein Falls, about above sea level. It is characterised by numerous historic multi-storey hotel buildings erected on the steep slopes.
The Gastein municipality comprises the cadastral communities of Badgastein, Böckstein, and Remsach. Its southern parts belong to the Hohe Tauern national park.
Transportation
The Gastein valley is accessible by the Tauern Railway, a major railroad running from Schwarzach-Sankt Veit in the north across the Alpine crest through the Tauern Tunnel to Spittal an der Drau, Carinthia in the south. Frequent EuroCity and InterCity trains going along this route connect Bad Gastein with many Austrian cities like Vienna, Linz, Salzburg and Graz along a single circuit.
The B167 Gasteiner Straße highway also passes right through the Gastein valley. Through traffic from the northern branch-off at Lend in the Salzach valley passes the lower municipalities of Dorfgastein and Bad Hofgastein before reaching the Bad Gastein centre. However, in Böckstein at the head of the valley, the continuation southwards to Mallnitz in Carinthia requires cars to roll onto a shuttle train (Autoverladung) for a short trip through the Tauern Tunnel.
Spa and therapy
The name "Bad" means "spa", reflecting the town's history as a health resort. The local Heilstollen (literally 'healing tunnel') thermal spring water earned the town its early fame. Theophrastus Parcelsus (1493–1541) had studied the spring water to discover its secrets. Marie Curie (1867–1934) and Heinrich Mache (1876–1954) helped to discover that it contained radon and as a result radon therapy began in the town.
Radon inhalation therapy at the Gasteiner Heilstollen began as a result of further investigation into the anecdotal experiences of silver miners who noticed improvements in symptoms from various ailments including arthritis. Ankylosing spondylitis (also known as Bekhterev's disease), in particular, has been claimed to see positive results from treatment at the Heilstollen. However, there is no empirical evidence of any benefit to inhaling radon. For example, one of the few studies to test the efficacy of spa treatments for ankylosing spondylitis found no statistically significant difference between a group that spent three weeks at Bad Gastein and a group that spent three weeks at a different spa without radon inhalation therapy. Claims of therapeutic benefits of radiation, beyond its application in radiotherapy, are considered quackery by medical professionals.
History
The remote valley was settled by Bavarian peasants in the 9th century; field names in the highest-lying southern parts also denote a Carantanian (Slavic) colonization. Gastein is first mentioned as Gastuna in a 963 deed, when the area belonged to the German stem duchy of Bavaria. It was originally an alpine farming and gold mining area and the site of an ancient trade route crossing the main ridge of the Central Eastern Alps. In 1297 Duke Otto III and his brother Stephen I, both highly indebted, sold it to the Prince-Archbishops of Salzburg. Already about 1230, the minnesinger Neidhart von Reuental had referred to the hot springs in his Middle High German poem Die Graserin in der Gastein; the spas were visited by the Habsburg emperor Frederick III as well as by the Renaissance physician Paracelsus.
In the 19th century the waters of Bad Gastein became a fashionable resort, visited by European monarchs as well as the rich and famous. Some notable guests of the past included Empress Elisabeth of Austria (Sisi) and the German Emperor Wilhelm I with his chancellor Otto von Bismarck as well as Subhas Chandra Bose, a leading Indian nationalist, Tsar Ferdinand I of Bulgaria, King Faisal I of Iraq, King Ibn Saud of Saudi Arabia and Iran's last king Mohammad Reza Pahlavi, industrialists like Wilhelm von Opel and artists like Heinrich Mann, Robert Stolz and W. Somerset Maugham. On 14 August 1865 Bismarck had signed the Gastein Convention with Austria concerning the joint administration of the provinces of Schleswig and Holstein after the Second Schleswig War.
The composer Franz Schubert composed his Piano Sonata in D Major in Bad Gastein, and was once believed to have sketched a Gmunden-Gastein Symphony (D. 849) during his stay in August and September 1825. Though no score appears to have survived for the latter, it is often identified with the Symphony No. 9 in C major (D. 944).
Mass tourism was pushed by the opening of the Tauern Railway station in 1905. From the 1960s on the resort lost some of its former reputation and many former hotels sit empty. Recently, Bad Gastein renovated its Felsentherme in 2014 .
Places of interest
Catholic parish church
Gletschermühlen
Felsentherme
Gasteiner Heilstollen
Gasteiner Heimatmuseum im Haus Austria
Traditions
Bad Gastein has vibrant pagan traditions that have been slightly assimilated into Roman Catholic tradition. One example of the pre-Christian Alpine traditions is the Krampus, now adopted as one of the Companions of Saint Nicholas. The Krampus is an elemental, horned and demonic character, playfully re-enacted by bands of male revellers during December and also once every four years during a Perchten event or Perchtenlauf. The Perchtenlauf happens every four years at Bad Gastein. The most recent was in 2014.
Climate
Bad Gastein has a humid continental climate (Dfb) bordering on a subarctic climate (Dfc) due to the town's high elevation. Summers are mild, sometimes warm with cool, refreshing nights. Winters are moderately cold and snowy, with annual snowfall averaging 136 inches (345 cm).
Sports
Beside its water treatments, the town is popular for winter sports. Bad Gastein hosted the 1958 World Championships in alpine skiing and regularly is a scene of the snowboarding and boardercross worldcup. The Bad Gastein and Bad Hofgastein ski resort is part of the larger Ski Amadé network, with Gastein valley having 4 ski areas with over 200 kilometers of downhill slopes . Many establishments on the slopes offer warmth, food and strong drinks.
Since 2007, the town also annually hosts the Gastein Ladies tennis tournament, an International event on the WTA Tour, attracting top players like Julia Görges.
Notable people
Thea Hochleitner (1925–2012), alpine skier
Hans Eder (1927–2008), Nordic skier
Franz Xaver Franzmair (1901–1988) hotelier and builder, Freeman of Bad Gastein
Hermann Greinwald (1927–1990) doctor and mountain rescue doctor
Fritz Gruber (born 1940) local historian of Gastein alley and botanist
Franz Schubert (1797–1828) composed after a holiday in Bad Gastein the "Gasteiner Piano Sonata in D major, D 850 (Schubert)"
Karl Straubinger (1855–1924) mayor (1882–1917), freeman of Bad Gasteins
Georg Thomalla (1915–1999) German actor
Karl Heinrich Waggerl (1897–1973) author, freeman of Bad Gastein
Erwin Wexberg (1889–1957) individual psychologian, doctor, student of Alfred Adler
Eckart Witzigmann (born 1941) Austrian master cook, freeman of Bad Gastein
Maria Zittrauer (1913–1997) lyrician, Trakl-Prize-winner 1952
Fedor Ivanovich Shalyapin, singer, Feodor Chaliapin
Notes
References
External links
http://www.gastein.com – official homepage
www.slopeseeker.com – An independent guide to skiing in Bad Gastein
https://web.archive.org/web/20190822151847/https://www.gasteinertal.com/
Many pictures of Bad Gastein
http://www.gasteiner-heilstollen.com
https://web.archive.org/web/20100421012723/http://gastein360.com/ – Gastein 360 panoramas, See Gastein and come to feel Gastein
Bad Gastein photo gallery
Spa towns in Austria
Cities and towns in St. Johann im Pongau District
Ski areas and resorts in Austria
Ankogel Group
Goldberg Group
Belle Époque
Robert McIntyre (15 May 1904 – 18 February 1998) was a Scottish-American soccer center forward who spent two years in the American Soccer League, leading the league in scoring during the spring 1931 season.
Born in Cambuslang, Scotland, McIntyre began playing soccer with Renfrew Juniors. In 1923, he moved to the United States, settling in Boston. When he arrived, he joined the amateur Lusitania Recreation club. In 1930, he signed with the professional Pawtucket Rangers of the American Soccer League. He had an immediate impact, scoring twenty-three goals in thirty-one games in the fall 1930 season. That was good enough to take second in the league scoring table. In the spring of 1931, he played only eighteen games, but again scored twenty-three goals, taking the league scoring title. That fall, he added another fifteen goals in sixteen games.
In 1939, a Bob McIntyre is listed as playing in the second American Soccer League, but this may be a different man as there were three Bob McIntyres playing during the last few seasons in the first ASL.
References
1904 births
1998 deaths
Scottish footballers
American Soccer League (1921–1933) players
Pawtucket Rangers players
Sportspeople from Cambuslang
Scottish expatriate footballers
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Association football forwards
Scottish expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Footballers from South Lanarkshire
Scottish emigrants to the United States
Renfrew F.C. players
Scottish Junior Football Association players
The Mikoyan-Gurevich Ye-8 was a supersonic jet fighter developed in the Soviet Union, intended to replace the MiG-21 (originally named MiG-23). Only two prototypes were built in 1960-61. The original MiG-21's air intakes were moved under the fuselage, freeing up the nose where a larger and more powerful radar, able to deliver longer range air-to-air missiles, could be built in. Canards were built to both sides of the nose, in front of the cockpit, (the horizontal stabilizers of MiG-21 were left at their original position).
The two prototypes flew in 1962. On September 11, 1962, the Tumansky R-21F-300 engine, also under development, exploded in midair at a speed of Mach 2.15. Test pilot Georgy Konstantinovich Mosolov, then one of the leading Soviet test pilots, was severely injured by debris from the compressor and had to eject at Mach 1.78.
Due to unsolved technical problems, the aircraft's development was abandoned; some parts were used on the MiG-23, including R-23 missiles and their associated Sapfir-23 radar.
Specifications
See also
References
External links
Ye-008
1960s Soviet fighter aircraft
Abandoned military aircraft projects of the Soviet Union
Single-engined jet aircraft
Mid-wing aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1962
The Parliamentary Elections (Returns) Act 1695 (7 & 8 Will 3 c 7) was an Act of the Parliament of England.
The provisions as to procuring returns in sections 3 and 4 ceased to have effect by virtue of section 74(5) of, and Schedule 11 to, the Representation of the People Act 1948.
The whole Act except section 5 was, and in section 5 the words "and for the more easy and better proof of any such false or double return" and the words from "and that the party" to the end of the section were, repealed by section 80(7) of, and Schedule 13 to, the Representation of the People Act 1948.
The whole Act was repealed by section 175(1) of, and Schedule 9 to, the Representation of the People Act 1949.
The whole Act was repealed for the Republic of Ireland by section 3 of, and Schedule 1 to, the Electoral Act 1963.
References
Halsbury's Statutes,
External links
Text of the Act
List of repeals in the Republic of Ireland from the Irish Statute Book
Acts of the Parliament of England
1695 in law
1695 in England
Election law in the United Kingdom
Election legislation
Mary Bucci Bush (born 1949) is an American author and a professor of English and creative writing at California State University, Los Angeles.
Bush won a PEN/Nelson Algren award for her collection of short stories, A Place of Light, in 1987; a National Endowment for the Arts creative writing fellowship in 1995; and the Tillie Olsen Book Prize from the Working Class Studies Association for her novel, Sweet Hope, in 2012.
Biography
She was born and raised in Canastota, New York. The family name was changed to Bush by American schoolteachers who had trouble pronouncing Bucci. After receiving a B.A. in English at the State University of New York at Buffalo in 1972, Bush earned her M.A. and D.A. in creative writing at Syracuse University, where she studied under George P. Elliott and Raymond Carver. She taught at Syracuse University and Hamilton College. In 1984 she co-founded the Community Writers Project in Syracuse with fellow novelist Rachel Guido deVries.
Her fiction has appeared in literary journals such as Ploughshares, The Missouri Review, The Black Warrior Review, and Italian Americana; and in anthologies such as The Voices We Carry: Recent Italian American Women's Fiction (Guernica, 2007), Growing Up Ethnic in America (Penguin, 1999), and The Milk of Almonds: Italian American Women Writers on Food and Culture (Feminist Press at CUNY, 2017).
Her most recent novel, Sweet Hope (Guernica Editions, 2011), tells the story of Italian and African-American families living and working together on a Mississippi Delta cotton plantation in the early 1900s. It was inspired by the experiences of Bush's grandmother, who worked on the Sunnyside Plantation in Arkansas as a child.
References
External links
20th-century American writers
20th-century American women writers
21st-century American writers
21st-century American women writers
American writers of Italian descent
Syracuse University alumni
University at Buffalo alumni
California State University, Los Angeles faculty
People from Canastota, New York
Living people
1949 births
National Prize for Literature (Premio Nacional de Literatura de Cuba) is the national literature prize of Cuba. It has been given annually since 1983 and recognizes those writers who have enriched the legacy of Cuban literature. It has been called "the most important award of its kind" in Cuba.
The award is granted by the Instituto Cubano del Libro (Cuban Book Institute part of the Ministry of Culture). The award was founded in 1982 by the Ministerio de Cultura (Ministry of Culture) of the Cuban government.
Winners
1983 Nicolás Guillén
1984 José Zacarías Tallet
1985 Félix Pita Rodríguez
1986 Eliseo Diego, José Soler Puig, José Antonio Portuondo (shared)
1987 Dulce María Loynaz
1988 Cintio Vitier, Dora Alonso (shared)
1989 Roberto Fernández Retamar
1990 Fina García Marruz
1991 Ángel Augier
1992 Abelardo Estorino
1993 Francisco de Oraá
1994 Miguel Barnet
1995 Jesús Orta Ruiz
1996 Pablo Armando Fernández
1997 Carilda Oliver Labra
1998 Roberto Friol
1999 César López
2000 Antón Arrufat
2001 Nancy Morejón
2002 Lisandro Otero
2003 Reynaldo González
2004 Jaime Sarusky
2005 Graziella Pogolotti
2006 Leonardo Acosta
2007 Humberto Arenal
2008 Luis Marré
2009 Ambrosio Fornet
2010 Daniel Chavarría
2011 Nersys Felipe Herrera
2012 Leonardo Padura Fuentes
2013 Reina María Rodríguez
2014 Eduardo Rafael Heras León
2015 Rogelio Martínez Furé
2016 Margarita Mateo Palmer
2017 Luis Álvarez Álvarez
2018 Mirta Yáñez
2019 Lina de Feria Barrio
2020 Eugenio Hernández Espinosa
2021 Julio Travieso Serrano
References
External links
Premio Nacional de Literatura, at EcuRed
Premios Nacionales de Literatura Directorio
Cuban literary awards
Awards established in 1982
1982 establishments in Cuba
Alexander Nehamas (; born 22 March 1946) is a Greek-born American philosopher. He is a professor of philosophy and comparative literature and the Edmund N. Carpenter II Class of 1943 Professor in the Humanities at Princeton University, where he has taught since 1990. He is a member of the American Academy of Arts & Sciences and Member of the American Philosophical Society (since 2016), the Academy of Athens since 2018. He works on Greek philosophy, aesthetics, Friedrich Nietzsche, Michel Foucault, and literary theory.
Biography
Nehamas was born in Athens, Greece in 1946. In 1964, he enrolled to Swarthmore College. He graduated in 1967 and completed his doctorate (titled Predication and the Theory of Forms in the 'Phaedo''') under the direction of Gregory Vlastos at Princeton University in 1971. He taught at the University of Pittsburgh and the University of Pennsylvania before joining the Princeton faculty in 1990.
Philosophical work
His early work was on Platonic metaphysics and aesthetics as well as the philosophy of Socrates, but he gained a wider audience with his 1985 book Nietzsche: Life as Literature (Harvard University Press), in which he argued that Nietzsche thought of life and the world on the model of a literary text. Nehamas has said, "The virtues of life are comparable to the virtues of good writing—style, connectedness, grace, elegance—and also, we must not forget, sometimes getting it right." More recently, he has become well known for his view that philosophy should provide a form of life, as well as for his endorsement of the artistic value of television. This view also becomes evident in his book Only a Promise of Happiness. The title itself is later in this work used as one definition of beauty with reference to Stendhal. In that sense, beauty can be found in all media; as Nehamas claims in the same work: "Aesthetic features are everywhere, but that has nothing to do with where the arts can be found. Works of art can be beautiful because everything can be beautiful, but that doesn't mean that anything can be a work of art."
In 2016, Nehamas published a book, On Friendship, based on his 2008 Gifford Lectures. In it, he argues, contra Aristotle, that friendship is an aesthetic, but not always moral or good. In a manner similar to his earlier work, Only a Promise of Happiness, Nehamas compares the relationship of an individual to friends as having similarities to the relationship which an individual can have to artworks. “Like metaphors and works of art, the people who matter to us are all, so far as we are concerned, inexhaustible. They always remain a step beyond the furthest point our knowledge of them has reached—though only if, and as long as, they still matter to us.”
Selected works
Nietzsche: Life as Literature, Cambridge: Harvard University Press (1985)
Symposium (translation, with Paul Woodruff) (1989)
The Art of Living: Socratic Reflections from Plato to Foucault (1998)
Virtues of Authenticity: Essays on Plato and Socrates (1999)
Only a Promise of Happiness: The Place of Beauty in a World of Art (2007)
On Friendship'' (2016)
References
External links
Nehamas' page at the Princeton department of philosophy
List of articles (in Greek)
"An Essay on Beauty and Judgment"
Nehamas interviewed on Friendship for Philosophy Bites podcast
Audio of Alexander Nehamas's lecture "Only in the Contemplation of Beauty Is Human Life Worth Living" at the Walter Chapin Simpson Center for the Humanities on Nov 17, 2005.
Review of Nehamas' book Only A Promise of Happiness in the New York Sun
Art, Interpretation And The Rest Of Life
The Gifford Lectures 2008
Interview in Greek daily Kathimerini (February 13, 2011) on the occasion of Nehamas' award of an honorary doctoral degree at the School of Fine Arts of Athens University (in Greek)
Audio of An interview with Alexander Nehamas on Beauty with Joshua Landy on February 15, 2011.
Living people
Greek emigrants to the United States
American scholars of ancient Greek philosophy
Philosophers of art
Swarthmore College alumni
Princeton University faculty
1946 births
Princeton University alumni
Members of the Academy of Athens (modern)
Presidents of the American Philosophical Association
Members of the American Philosophical Society
Results from the 1991 Monaco Grand Prix Formula Three held at Monte Carlo on May 11, 1991, in the Circuit de Monaco.
Classification
Monaco Grand Prix Formula Three
Formula Three
Motorsport in Monaco
Sep'o County is a kun, or county, in Kangwŏn province, North Korea. It was created as a separate entity following the division of Korea.
Physical features
The county is primarily mountainous, and is traversed by the Masingryŏng and Kwangju ranges. There are numerous mountains outside of these two ranges as well. The chief streams include the Namdaech'ŏn, Yongjich'ŏn, and Komitanch'ŏn (고미탄천). 75% of the county's area is occupied by forestland.
Administrative divisions
Sep'o county is divided into 1 ŭp (town), 1 rodongjagu (workers' district) and 24 ri (villages):
Economy
Sep'o is host to deposits of molybdenum, silver, zinc, and fluorite. Agriculture also contributes to the local economy; Sepo is particularly known for its radishes. In addition, livestock raising and orcharding play a role, and there is some small-scale manufacturing as well.
Transport
Sep'o county is served by several stations on the Kangwŏn and Ch'ŏngnyŏn Ich'ŏn lines of the Korean State Railway, including Sep'o Ch'ŏngnyŏn station in Sep'o-ŭp, which is the junction point of the two lines.
See also
Geography of North Korea
Administrative divisions of North Korea
Kangwon (North Korea)
References
External links
Counties of Kangwon Province (North Korea)
is a videogame developed and published for the Nintendo Wii based upon the manga and anime series Crayon Shin-chan. The game was released in Spain on April 25, 2008, by 505 Games as Shin Chan: Las Nuevas Aventuras para Wii. This game was a launch title for the Wii in Japan and Spain only.
The game consists of a series of mini-games integrated into the world of Shin-chan.
External links
Official site
References
2006 video games
Banpresto games
Japan-exclusive video games
Video games developed in Japan
Wii-only games
Wii games
Video games based on anime and manga
Crayon Shin-chan
The list of shipwrecks in May 1875 includes ships sunk, foundered, grounded, or otherwise lost during May 1875.
1 May
sc
2 May
3 May
4 May
5 May
6 May
7 May
8 May
9 May
10 May
11 May
12 May
13 May
14 May
15 May
16 May
17 May
18 May
19 May
20 May
21 May
22 May
23 May
24 May
25 May
26 May
27 May
28 May
29 May
30 May
31 May
Unknown date
References
Bibliography
Ingram, C. W. N., and Wheatley, P. O., (1936) Shipwrecks: New Zealand disasters 1795–1936. Dunedin, NZ: Dunedin Book Publishing Association.
1875-05
Maritime incidents in May 1875
"Up on the Catwalk" was the third single to be released from Sparkle in the Rain, the sixth studio album by Simple Minds. It was released in March 1984 and climbed to number 27 in the UK Singles Chart. It stayed in the charts for five weeks, which was longer than the band's previous single, "Speed Your Love to Me".
Unlike the album's previous two singles, "Waterfront" and "Speed Your Love to Me", "Up on the Catwalk" was not included in the band's 1992 compilation album Glittering Prize 81/92. However, reviewer MacKenzie Wilson of Allmusic considered this single to be the strongest song on Sparkle in the Rain, complimenting its lyrics and 'glossy' verse which "thrives on celebrity and the falling grace that coincides that". The band's lead singer Jim Kerr has retrospectively called "Up on the Catwalk" an example of Simple Minds "at their spikiest and most dramatic".
Style
The song begins with an exclamation of "one, two, one, two, three, four" while the drummer, Mel Gaynor, bangs his drumsticks together, followed by "crashing drums" and keyboards by Mick MacNeil. As the song progresses it achieves the rock-oriented, "enormous sound" of the two preceding singles, thanks to extensive "reverb and echo" attributed to each instrument in the production. The keyboards play a more prominent and "thunderous" role in "Up On The Catwalk" than in "Speed Your Love To Me", particularly in the chorus after the refrain "I will be there".
Music video
The promotional video for "Up On The Catwalk" begins with photo montages of parts of various people's faces forming, before switching to a studio performance of the band on a catwalk in the centre of the room. This is surrounded by a peripheral catwalk on which several figures move across during the video. During the performance Jim Kerr in dense make-up sings and dances in the middle while photo montages once again come and go during the chorus refrain "I will be there". The combination of seemingly random photo compositions, and glamorous models alternating with superhero figures on the second catwalk, while Kerr rapidly sings names of well-known persons and places, create an overall "surreal" and "disturbing" video according to Dream Giver Redux.
Track listing
7" single
Virgin VS 661
1. "Up on the Catwalk" (edit) - 4:04
2. "A Brass Band in Africa" - 5:10
12" single
Virgin VS 661-12
1. "Up on the Catwalk" (Extended Mix) - 7:34
2. "A Brass Band in African Chimes" - 9:22
References
1984 singles
Simple Minds songs
Song recordings produced by Steve Lillywhite
1984 songs
Virgin Records singles
Songs written by Derek Forbes
Songs written by Jim Kerr
Songs written by Charlie Burchill
Songs written by Mick MacNeil
Robin Bacul (born August 6, 1979) is a Czech former professional hockey player. He was selected 173rd overall by the Ottawa Senators in the 1997 NHL Entry Draft. He has played most of his career in the Czech Extraliga league, with teams such as Slavia Praha HC, Karlovy Vary HC, and Havirov Femax HC. He also played one year in the QMJHL for the Chicoutimi Sagueneens.
Career statistics
External links
1979 births
Chicoutimi Saguenéens (QMJHL) players
Czech ice hockey left wingers
GKS Tychy (ice hockey) players
HC Berounští Medvědi players
HC Havířov players
HC Karlovy Vary players
HC Slavia Praha players
KH Zagłębie Sosnowiec players
Living people
Motor České Budějovice players
Ottawa Senators draft picks
Piráti Chomutov players
VHK Vsetín players
Sportspeople from Ostrava
Anush Aslibekyan (, born March 4, 1981) is an Armenian theater critic, novelist, playwright. Member of the Writers Union of Armenia (2012) and National Theatrical Creative Union. In 2018 Aslibekyan got her PhD in arts. Aslibekyan's works have been translated into Polish, German, Greek and Russian.
Biography
Anush Aslibekyan was born in 1981 in Sevan. She graduated from the Yerevan State Institute of Theatre and Cinematography, 2003-2006 she did her post-graduate study at the Department of Theatre history and theory of the same Institute. 2000-2005 Anush has been the founder and senior editor at "Arvest" Art Magazine, 2008-2009 - Head of literature department at "Hamazgayin" State Theatre, 2008 – 2010 - TV anchor, reporter, commentator at Ararat TV of Public Television Company of Armenia, since 2008 she is a researcher at Art Institute of the National Academy of Sciences of Armenia, since 2006 she is a Lecturer of Foreign Theatre and Dramaturgy at the Yerevan State Institute of Theatre and Cinema. Since May 2019, along with literary critic Ani Pashayan, Anush Aslibekyan authored and runs the "Two in Search of an Author" program on "Noah's Arch" channel, dedicated to contemporary literature and art.
Festivals and stage performances
"Mercedes" play, was performed at Yerevan State Youth Theatre, 2015, Yerevan, National Theater Prize "Artavazd" for Best Original Music (Vahan Artsruni) for performance and Best Young Actress, 2016
"Komitas: The Blessing Light" play, was performed in Saint Petersburg-2015
"It's about You" based on the stories from "Welcome to My Fairy-Tale", was performed on the small stage of Yerevan State Puppet Theater - 2014 Armenian Art-Fest Prize as Best performance (bronze medal)
"Flight over the city'' play, was performed at Puppet theater-2010, Yerevan, National Theater Prize "Artavazd" for Best stenography for performance, 2011
Awards
YEREVAN BOOK FEST - 2017
The best Writer of the Year Armenian internet competicion - 2013
Best Editor Prize, Contest of Student Magazines "Medicus Days" – 2003
The Best Diploma Work, Yerevan State Institute of Theatre and Cinema – 2003
The Best Young Writer, Yerevan State Institute of Theatre and Cinematography – 1999
Publication
"Welcome to my fairy tell'' book of stories and one play, "Graber" publishing house, Yerevan-2009
"From Moyra's Diary" book of stories and one play, "Apolon" publishing house, Yerevan-2014
A Dozen of publication in republican, scientific and literary media – 1999–present
"Flight over the City", Plays, "Armav" publishing, 2018, 119p.
"Professor", Novella, "Armav" publishing, 2019, 43 p.
References
External links
"Dear Pamela": premiere in film actor Henrik Malyan's theatre
Actress Nora Armani to star in new play devoted to the Armenian Genocide
A Culture of Culture Reporting
Dispatch from Tehran—33rd Annual Fadjr International Theater Festival, Part 2
It's About You"
The Armenian-Russian performance shows the life and legacy of Komitas Vardapet
Where Have the Women Gone?
1981 births
Armenian novelists
Armenian dramatists and playwrights
Living people
People from Sevan, Armenia
is a Japanese footballer currently playing as a winger for FC Tokyo.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
Honours
Club
FC Tokyo
J.League Cup: 2020
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Japanese footballers
Association football midfielders
J1 League players
J3 League players
FC Tokyo players
FC Tokyo U-23 players
The 2020 United States presidential election in Idaho was held on Tuesday, November 3, 2020, as part of the 2020 United States presidential election in which all 50 states plus the District of Columbia participated. Idaho voters chose electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote, pitting the Republican Party's nominee, incumbent President Donald Trump, and running mate Vice President Mike Pence against Democratic Party nominee, former Vice President Joe Biden, and his running mate California Senator Kamala Harris. Idaho has four electoral votes in the Electoral College.
Trump easily carried Idaho on Election Day, winning 63.9% of the vote to Biden's 33.1%. Trump's percentage was higher than the 59.2% he received in 2016 due to the lack of third-party voters (namely Evan McMullin of neighboring Utah), but his margin of victory slightly declined, shrinking from 31.8% in 2016 to 30.8% in 2020.
Prior to the election, all news organizations expected Trump to win the state handily. Idaho is one of the most staunchly Republican states in the nation, and has not backed a Democrat for President since 1964, when Lyndon B. Johnson very narrowly carried the state amidst a national landslide.
Trump carried 41 of the state's 44 counties. Biden won Blaine County, home to Sun Valley and several other prime ski resorts; Latah County, home to the college town of Moscow; and Teton County, a highly affluent suburb of Teton County, Wyoming. Although he did not carry the state's most populous county, Ada County, home to the rapidly growing state capital Boise, which no Democrat has carried since Franklin D. Roosevelt's 1936 landslide, Biden slightly improved on Barack Obama's 2008 result and lost Ada by less than four points. Biden's result of 46.4% and his margin of loss in the county were the highest and lowest for a Democratic presidential nominee since 1940, when Roosevelt won 49% of the county's vote, consequently losing by less than two points.
Per exit polls by the Associated Press, Trump's strength in Idaho came from white voters, especially those in rural areas, who comprised 91% of the electorate and backed Trump by 64%–32%. Trump also received strong support from Caucasian Protestants, who backed him with 71% of their vote.
Primary elections
The primary elections were on March 10, 2020.
Republican primary
Democratic primary
Bernie Sanders, Joe Biden, and Tulsi Gabbard were the major declared candidates.
General election
Predictions
Polling
Graphical summary
Aggregate polls
Polls
Electoral slates
These slates of electors were nominated by each party in order to vote in the Electoral College should their candidate win the state:
Results
By county
Counties that flipped from Republican to Democratic
Teton (the largest municipality: Victor)
By congressional district
Trump won both congressional districts.
See also
United States presidential elections in Idaho
Presidency of Joe Biden
2020 Idaho elections
2020 United States presidential election
2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries
2020 Republican Party presidential primaries
2020 United States elections
Notes
References
Further reading
External links
(State affiliate of the U.S. League of Women Voters)
Idaho
2020
Presidential
WebAssist.com corporation is a U.S. based software company that develops, licenses and supports a variety of web related software products for Adobe Dreamweaver. Headquartered in San Diego, California, USA, the company's core focus has been the creation of Dreamweaver extensions for web development.
While WebAssist primarily develops Dreamweaver extensions, the company has also built Microsoft Expression Web add-ons. In addition, WebAssist has offered custom software development services for Adobe Acrobat Connect Pro, Blackboard, and WebCT.
WebAssist is a privately held California C-corporation with approximately 20-25 employees. The company's most prominent partners include Adobe, Microsoft, PayPal, AOL, eBay, Yahoo!, Google and Affinity.
History
WebAssist was founded in the 1990s by Ray Borduin, Hieu Bui, Neil Hansch, Matt Eastling, Tom Gade, Eric Ott, and Tim Sweeney. Ray Borduin, WebAssist's President, started as the sole employee building software extensions in his garage located in Carlsbad, CA. The first product produced by Ray Borduin was called Line Maker, which was built for Elemental Software's web development platform Drumbeat. Ray Borduin also produced a variety of eCommerce applications for Drumbeat, one of his core competencies leading up to the development of eCart a current product of WebAssist.
Soon after Elemental Software was acquired by Macromedia, Drumbeat was discontinued and Dreamweaver Ultradev was released. At this time Ray Borduin switched his focus to Dreamweaver, moved to an office in Solana Beach, CA and built the company's first Dreamweaver extension named Cookies Toolkit. WebAssist has also been located in Encinitas, CA and San Diego, CA where the company is currently headquartered.
Notes and references
External links
Software companies based in California
Software companies of the United States
MS Gripsholm may refer to one of these passenger ships:
, an ocean liner operated by the Swedish American Line, 1925–1954
, a combined ocean liner/cruise ship operated by the Swedish American Line, 1957–1975
MS Gripsholm (1965), a cruise ship operated by Transocean Tours 1996–1997
Ship names
Jules Marcel Gros (2 February 1890 – 25 December 1992) was a Breton linguist specializing in the Breton language. He was born in Paris.
Gros' studies began very early in the twentieth century, from his grandmother and other people in his village who were still unilingual Breton speakers. Gros authored Stylistique Trégorroise and various dictionaries of Breton. His books were used by a generation of students, and continue to be important as reference works cataloguing the speech patterns of the Breton language.
Gros died on 25 December 1992 in Trédrez-Locquémeau.
See also
Celtic languages
Brittonic languages
Linguists from France
1890 births
1992 deaths
Breton linguists
French centenarians
Writers from Brittany
University of Rennes alumni
French male writers
Breton-language writers
20th-century linguists
20th-century French male writers
Men centenarians
Elizabeth Douglas, Countess of Erroll (died 1631) was a Scottish aristocrat.
Elizabeth was the youngest daughter of William Douglas, 6th Earl of Morton and Agnes Leslie, Countess of Morton. Morton had seven daughters, alleged to have been called the "pearls of Lochleven".
Marriage negotiations
She married Francis Hay, 9th Earl of Erroll on 27 June 1590. The wedding was held in private, possibly on the 27 June, for fear that King James VI might try to prevent it. He wanted the Kirk of Scotland to be satisfied first that the couple would adhere to the Protestant religion. The Earl of Morton was threatened with legal action.
Despite the King's objections the marriage had been backed by powerful courtiers. The Master of Glamis wanted it to strengthen a political faction. Sir Robert Melville encouraged the marriage believing it would reduce the influence of the Earl of Huntly on Erroll. There was opposition too, on 21 April 1590 the Earl of Montrose and others at Megginch Castle had tried to persuade Erroll not to marry her, but Erroll argued he could change his wife's friends' alliances.
There had been negotiation between the Earl of Morton and the Earl of Erroll about which daughter he would marry. Morton tried to make Erroll marry one of her older sisters, but he liked the youngest.
The marriage bands were authorised at the Newhouse of Lochleven on 2 June 1590, and proclaimed at the Kirk of Slains by Alexander Bruce.
Catholic life in Protestant Scotland
In February 1593 King James came north to punish and subdue the earls of Huntly, Angus, and Erroll for plotting on behalf of the Catholic faith but they went into hiding. Henrietta, Countess of Huntly and the Countess of Erroll came to him at Aberdeen and he allowed them to keep their houses and estates. In 1594 the Earl of Erroll led a rebellion which was put down by James VI. Their castle of Slains was destroyed with gunpowder and cannon. Next year, according to Dr James MacCartney, the Countess of Errol hired masons to repair the building. The English diplomat George Nicolson heard that Anne of Denmark had offered the jewel called the "Great H of Scotland" to her friend the Countess of Erroll as recompense for the demolition of Slains.
The ministers of the Kirk of Scotland petitioned the king in March 1595 that she and the Countess of Huntly should be forced to live in or near Edinburgh. She was pregnant and the Privy Council ordered she should go to Dalkeith Palace after the child was born. She had a child in September 1595 and John Bothwell, Abbot of Holyroodhouse was sent as the king's representative to the christening.
At the ceremony of the Riding of the Parliament in Edinburgh in January 1598, she and Anna of Denmark and the Countess of Huntly rode to Mercat Cross and watched the symbolic restoration of the forfeited earls of Angus, Erroll and Huntly, by the Lyon King of Arms to the sound of trumpets. It was said that the queen had so much favour to Elizabeth Douglas and the Countess of Huntly that sometimes she shared a bed with one or the other, and was often seen kissing Elizabeth.
It has been suggested that she was the "E. D." who composed two sonnets addressed to the poet and secretary of Anne of Denmark, William Fowler. However, Fowler wrote an epitaph in 1594 for another Elizabeth Douglas, the wife of an East Lothian laird and diplomat, Samuel Cockburn of Templehall, and she may have been the author "E.D".
Family
Elizabeth Douglas and Francis Hay had five sons and eight daughters:
William Hay, 10th Earl of Erroll, who married in 1618 Anne Lyon, daughter of Patrick Lyon, 1st Earl of Kinghorne and Anne Murray.
George
Francis
Thomas
Lewis
Anna Hay, a lady in waiting to Anne of Denmark, who married George Seton, 3rd Earl of Winton
Jean Hay, who married John Erskine, Earl of Mar
Mary Hay, who married Walter Scott, 1st Earl of Buccleuch
Elizabeth Hay, who married; (1) Hugh Sempill, 5th Lord Sempill; (2) James Douglas, 1st Lord Mordington
Sophia Hay, who married John Gordon, Viscount Melgum, son of George Gordon, 1st Marquess of Huntly
Margaret Hay, who married Sir John Seton of Barns, son of Sir John Seton of Barns and Anne Forbes.
Isabel Hay, died unmarried
Helen Hay (died 1625, aged 10)
References
1631 deaths
16th-century Scottish people
17th-century Scottish people
Court of James VI and I
16th-century Scottish women
17th-century Scottish women
Erroll
Daughters of Scottish earls
Ypsolopha semitessella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from Croatia and North Macedonia.
References
External links
lepiforum.de
Ypsolophidae
Moths of Europe
The following is a list of notable Cameroonian artists working in visual or plastic media (including 20th-century artists working in video art, performance art, or other types of new media). See other articles for information on Cameroonian Culture.
The following is a brief list of some important Cameroonian artists and groups of artists:
The generation of artists working between the Fifties and the Seventies is defined by Essombe Mouange a generation focused on naïves painting with a figurative transcription of the environment; among this generation he mentions Rameaum Lobé Lobé, Martin Jombè I, Lazare Edimo, Jean Massoma, Jacques Seppou, Ngimè Eyidi, Paul Mbongolo, Joseph Ngimè and Bernard Berville. In the Seventies and Eighties starts a new tendency.
B
Francis Bebey (1929-2001)
J
Jovi (musician) (born 1983)
K
Pascal Kenfack (born 1950)
Michael Kiessou (born 1986)
Koko Komégné (born 1950)
L
Goddy Leye (1965-2011)
Les Têtes Brulées
Salifou Lindou (born 1965)
M
Malam
Bebe Manga
Lapiro de Mbanga (1957-2014)
Coco Mbassi (born 1969)
Joël Mpah Dooh (born 1954)
N
Ibrahim Njoya (cc. 1890-1966)
Yannick Noah (born 1960)
Sally Nyolo (born 1965)
Anne-Marie Nzié (1932-2016)
P
Petit Pays (born 1967)
S
Joseph-Francis Sumégné (born 1951)
T
Pascale Marthine Tayou (born 1967)
Sam Fan Thomas (born 1952)
Barthélémy Toguo (born 1967)
Y
Hervé Yamguen (born 1971)
Z
Zangalewa
Artists who have worked in Cameroon
Tracey Rose (born 1974)
Groups
Cercle Kapsiki (Hervé Yamguen, Hervé Youmbi, Salifou Lindou, Blaise Bang, Jules Bertrand Wokam). The collective Cercle Kapsiki was created in 1998 by five artists (Blaise Bang, Salifou Lindou, Jules Wokam, Hervé Yamguen et Hervé Youmbi) with the specific aim of producing urban interventions and encouraging the debate on the role of art in the urban space. In 2003 they promoted the international workshop Scenographie Urbaine in the neighbourhood of New-Bell in collaboration with Scur&°k.
Art days and Kobaliq, Douala. Salif Ngounga created this association to promote contemporary art in Cameroon, organize workshops for artists and curate exhibitions in collaboration with Le Carré des Artistes.
Mbamboul'art. The association Mbamboul'art was funded in 2004 by a collective of artists, writers and dancers (among which Cédric Dibandjo, Eric Owam and Guy Rodrigue Belegue) in the neighborhood of New Deïdo, Douala. The collective organises workshops with artists and young people and encourages the debate on the development of contemporary art practices in Douala.
Dealers
Art critics and curators
Marilyn Douala Bell (born 1957)
Simon Njami (born 1962)
Art centers and galleries
doual'art, Douala
Galerie MAM, Douala. Marème Malong Meslin Samb founded Galerie Mam in 1995. In 2005, Malong established a partnership with MTN Foundation. The gallery has three main programme-areas: exhibits contemporary artists in Douala and in international art platforms such as Dak'art, organizes workshops for children and encourages emerging artists through residency programmes in Bonendale, Douala. rue Tobie Kuoh, Bonanjo, Douala, B.P. 40 Douala, Cameroon.
Atelier Viking, Douala. Artist Viking Kanganyam André founded atelier Viking in March 1976 to promote contemporary art in Cameroon. Viking taught visual arts (painting, sculpture, graphic art, drawing and serygraphy) to young artists encouraging them to explore the potentialities of all media and to transform materials found in loco. Since 2001, atelier Viking has been mostly employed for exhibitions such as Sweet Again (2002) and Yann and Co (2001). Rue Jamot face Garage Technique Auto, Bessengue, Douala.
ArtBakery, Bonendale, Douala. Founded in 2002 by Goddy Leye in the village of Bonendale a few kilometers from Douala, it offers trainings for emerging artists (Master Class) and journalists (Art Daily) as well as residency programs for young artists (Portfolio). The program Bakery supports artists with the technical development of multimedia works of art.
Bonapriso Art Center (BC Arts). In the last fifteen years, Annie Kadji has been active in the art scene of Douala promoting contemporary arts through workshops and art courses. The actual gallery space in Bonapriso was created in 2004.Since then, BC Arts has organised exhibitions of contemporary art (Art Convention Esprit Contemporain 2005; Signature 2006; Exposition de Fammes 2006; Signatures les péres de la peinture camerounaise), artefacts (Artisanats du monde) and objects of interior design. Most recently, BC Arts has hosted the second edition of DUTA (Douala Urban Touch of Arts 2007). Near Rue Njo-Njo, Bonapriso, B.P. 13001 Douala Cameroon.
Art Wash. Founded in 2003 by Dou Essoukan and Koko Komégné, it functions as personal atelier, art centre and laboratory. It staged a two weeks workshop in 2001 and 2002 – Squat'art. The idea behind Squat'art was to promote young artists who did not have the possibility of exhibiting in commercial galleries. Indeed, the paucity of galleries in Douala in the 1990s prevented emerging artists from gaining visibility and experience. The first Squat'art took place in Bali in January 2001 and involved more than twenty artists. The second edition, which was a tribute to the artist Kuoh Eyango, was organised in Deïdo from the 4th to 17 February. The organising committee, led by Komégné, Essoukan and Viking invited over forty artists who produced and exhibited original works. Degrando Boutique, Deïdo, Douala, Cameroon.
Espace Créateur. It was inaugurated by Made Jong in 2005 in Akwa, Douala. This space functions as a window for the couture produced in Jong's atelier and emerging artists who wish to exhibit. Since the 1990s Made Jong has designed events to promote contemporary fashion and art with a specific sensibility to women's rights and history (Carnival, Images des Reines since 2004; L'Art dans la Rue since 2004; Reines d'Afrique 1995). 40 rue Drout, Akwa, B.P. 17 Douala, Cameroon, 40 rue Drout, Akwa.
Galerie Keuko. It was created in 2002 by Richard Keuko to promote contemporary art from Cameroon, organising group and solo exhibitions (Etienne Maurice 2006; Koko &Co. 2006; Confluences 2005; Impulsions 2005). They are currently working to establish a training programme for young artists. B.P. 24246 Douala, Cameroon, Rue Lottin Same, Akwa, Douala.
Le Carré des artistes. Veronique Aubry inaugurated Carré des artistes in 2004. Since then, Salif Ngounga has designed its artistic programme organising exhibitions (Couleurs et femmes 2007; Pirogue de Noël 2006; Fantasmes en bleu 2005) and atelier promoting artists in Douala. 50, rue Batibois Sortie du parking Score, Bonapriso, B.P. 15432 Douala Cameroon.
Photo Prunet, Douala. Photo Prunet was founded in 1952 by the photographer George Prunet, who was working in Douala for international enterprises. Accordingly, his photos document the urban development of the city starting from the 1950s. The photo archive, which is not yet digitalized, includes up to 100.000 negatives and can be consulted by the public.
Other cultural institutions
Maison des Jeunes et de la Culture (New Bell and Bonamoussadi). Cardinal Christian Tumi founded the first MJC (Maison des Jeunes et de la Culture) 18 February 1995 in the neighbourhood of Akwa as a result of the collaboration between the Archidiocèse of Douala and COE (Centro Orientamento Educativo). Throughout the years, the MJCs have become a successful meeting place for the dwellers of Douala, and specifically youths who are involved in trainings and artistic projects. Indeed, the MJC have 350 members with up to 1000 people benefiting each week. New Bell: near la Paroisse Notre Dame de Victoire, Bonamoussadi: near la Paroisse Notre Dame de l'Annonciation.
Maison de la Culture Jevais (Bepanda Omnisport). The building is currently under construction. Françoise Colas, coordinator of the Project Jevais (Jeunesse et vie associative pour l'insertion sociale) is responsible of the project. Bepanda Omnisport, Douala, Cameroon.
CCF – Centre Culturel français de Douala Blaise Cendrars. Directed by Mangin Benoît, the CCF promotes cultural and artistic events in the city of Douala such as: cinema, conferences, exhibitions, residency programmes, training for youth, prizes, publishing house. 61 bis Bd de la Liberté BP 01 Akwa Douala, Cameroon.
Cultural initiatives focussed on visual arts
SUD Salon Urbain de Douala
Bessengue City. The project Bessengue City was designed and coordinated by Goddy Leye. It took place in Bessengue, Douala in October 2002. James Beckett launched an experimental radio (Radio Bessengue City); Jesus Palomino ideated a shelter using local materials; Goddy Leye produced an art installation with portraits; and Hartanto designed the website.
DUTA: Douala Urban Touch Of Arts, Biennale des Arts Visuels. The Association Zoom launched the first edition of DUTA in 2005. It aimed at promoting artists from the African continent and its diaspora. During ten days, painting, sculpture, installations and videos are exhibited throughout the city of Douala within major institutions. DUTA recurs every two years.
Exit Tour. In occasion of Dak'art 2006, seven artists (i.e. Ginette Daleu, Justine Gaga, Dunja Herzog, LucFosther Diop, Achilleka, Alioum Moussa, Goddy Leye) departed from Douala and reached Dakar using only public transportation. During the three-months journey, the artists visited galleries, artists and participated to workshops. This project was initiated by Art Bakery.
Scénographies Urbaines de Douala. From 16 December 2002 to 5 January 2003, the cercle Kapsiki in collaboration with Scur&°k, invited more than twenty artists from Africa and Europe to realise installations and performances in the neighborhood of New Bell, Douala.
Art Magazines
Bakwa (magazine). An online and off-line magazine which covers cultural issues like art, photography, music, literature, fashion, cinema, and has a penchant for long-form creative nonfiction, reportage and literature. Inspired by magazines such as PalaPala and Chimurenga, Bakwa grew out of the need to fill the lacuna of cultural and literary magazines in Cameroon, and champions a new dynamic Africa (at home as well as in the diaspora), the one often ignored by Western traditional media. It was created in 2011 by Dzekashu MacViban.
DiARTgonale. Quarterly panafrican journal dedicated to contemporary art in Africa. Directed by the artist Achillekà Komguem, it was founded in 2007 and it is distributed in Cameroon. It is published by ARTCE (Association Art pour la Conscientisation et l'Education) with the support of Lamia MEDDEB, Suisse.Yaoundé, Cameroon B.P. 513.
PalaPala. Defunct quarterly panafrican online magazine which focused on art and culture from Africa and its diaspora. It was operational between 2008 and 2011 and was started by Cameroonian born writers, Dibussi Tande and Kangsen Feka Wakai as well as Nigerian born artist Abidemi A. Olowonira.
See also
Culture of Cameroon
References
Further reading
"Revue Noire" - Special Issue on Cameroon, n. 13, 1994.
Essombe Mouange, Les arts plastiques au Cameroun, pour un espace d'expression viable in Cameroun: la culture sacrifiée. Dossier of the magazine "Africultures", n. 60, L'Harmattan, July–September 2004, pp. 84–93.
Alexandra Loumpet-Galitzine, Ibrahim Njoya, maître du dessin bamoun in Anthologie de l'art africain du XXe siècle, eds. N'Goné Fall and Jean Loup Pivin, Revue Noire, Paris, 2001, pp. 102–105.
Pascal Kenfack, De l'art ancien à l'art contemporain au Cameroun, Actes du colloque Africréation, Paris, 1980.
Jocelyn Etienne-Nugue, Artisanat et arts de vivre au Cameroun, London-Paris, 1982.
La politique culturelle en République unie du Cameroun, eds. J.C. Bahoken and Engelbert Atangan), Unesco, Paris, 1975.
Giulia Paoletti, Cultural and artistic initiatives in Douala in Translation. A view of the city and its creative transformative potentials, edited by Doual'art and iStrike Foundation, Episode Publishers, Rotterdam, 2007, pp. 243–247.
External links
Lists of visual artists
Lists of artists by nationality
Artists
Piranlu () may refer to:
Piranlu, Ardabil
Piranlu, East Azerbaijan
Piranlu, Razavi Khorasan
Gennaro Ruotolo (, ; born 20 March 1967) is an Italian former footballer and manager who played as a midfielder.
Career
Playing career
Ruotolo started his career with Sorrento in 1984, but is best known for having been a key player for Genoa for over a decade; he joined the Grifone in 1988 to left it only in 2002 to join Livorno of Serie C1. During his spell at Genoa he lifted the 1996 Anglo-Italian Cup. He played for Livorno until 2006, except for a four-months time at Saudi Arabian side Al-Ittihad (February–June 2003), being part of both rosters which gained promotion to Serie B and then Serie A, and playing two top division seasons with the amaranto. He left Livorno in 2006 to join newly promoted Serie C2 club Sorrento in a comeback to his first professional team. He left Sorrento in December 2007 by mutual consent and then joined amateur Promozione side Massa Lubrense for the remainder of the season.
In his playing career, Ruotolo received three call-ups for the Italian national team, all in 1991, with a single appearance, a 2–0 home win against Denmark on 12 June.
Managerial career
In July 2008, he returned to Livorno, this time as assistant to the newly appointed coach Leonardo Acori.
On 23 May 2009 Ruotolo was appointed on an interim basis to replace Leonardo Acori at the helm of Livorno for the final Serie B league game and the following promotion play-offs in an attempt to bring his side back to the top flight. He debuted with a late 3–2 away win to Ascoli that left his side in third place at the end of the regular season. In the promotion play-offs, Livorno was coupled with Tuscan rivals Grosseto in the semifinals: after a shock 0–2 loss in the first leg, Ruotolo's side managed to make an impressive comeback by defeating their opponent in a 4–1 home win that ensured Livorno a place in the playoff finals against Brescia. In the finals, Ruotolo then managed to guide Livorno to defeat Brescia 5–2 on aggregate, thus marking an immediate Serie A return for the amaranto club. He subsequently accepted an offer from Livonro to become the club's head coach on a permanent basis; however the move was later dismissed by the Italian Football Federation due to Ruotolo lacking the required UEFA Pro coaching badges, and Vittorio Russo was instead appointed as acting head coach, with Ruotolo being however often referred as the "real" Livorno boss.
He was removed from his assistant coach position on 20 October 2009, after a 1–2 home loss to Palermo. In January 2010 he was re-hired by Livorno chairman Aldo Spinelli, this time as new youth coach of the Primavera under-19 squad.
On 5 April 2010 he was reappointed back at the helm of Livorno, taking over from dismissed head coach Serse Cosmi, in a desperate attempt to save the team from relegation. He was this time allowed to act as head coach despite still not having the required coaching badges, thanks to a 60-day derogation from the Italian Football Federation. The attempt was not successful, and Livorno went down to Serie B after only one season in the Italian top flight.
In June 2010 Ruotolo was announced as new head coach of Savona, who will play Lega Pro Seconda Divisione in the 2010–11 season.
On 14 December 2011 Sorrento unveiled Ruotolo as their new manager until the end of the season, after the sacking of previous manager Maurizio Sarri following the 4–0 away defeat to Pro Vercelli. By doing so he returned to the club where he had both begun and ended his playing career and thus reignited his close association with Sorrento and Campania, the region of his birth.
Since 25 October 2012 to the end of the season he has been the coach of Treviso in Lega Pro Prima Divisione, a position he kept until March 2013. He successively served a full season as head coach of Serie D amateurs Sangiovannese in 2015–16.
References
1967 births
Living people
Italian footballers
Italian football managers
Italy international footballers
Italian expatriate footballers
Serie A players
Serie B players
Genoa C.F.C. players
S.S. Arezzo players
U.S. Livorno 1915 players
A.S.D. Sorrento players
Ittihad FC players
Expatriate footballers in Saudi Arabia
A.S.D. Sorrento managers
U.S. Livorno 1915 managers
Association football midfielders
Ware County is a county located in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 36,312. The county seat and only incorporated place is Waycross.
Ware County is part of the Waycross, Georgia Micropolitan Statistical Area.
By geographic area, Ware County is the largest county in Georgia.
History
Ware County, Georgia's 60th county, was created on December 15, 1824, by an act of the Georgia General Assembly from land that was originally part of Appling County.
The county is named for Nicholas Ware, the mayor of Augusta, Georgia from (1819–1821) and United States Senator who represented Georgia from 1821 until his death in 1824.
Several counties were later created from parts of the original Ware County borders:
Bacon County (from portions of Appling, Pierce, and Ware counties in 1917)
Charlton County (from portions of Camden and Ware county in 1854)
Clinch County (from portions of Lowndes and Ware counties in 1850)
Coffee County (from portions of Clinch, Irwin, Telfair, and Ware counties in 1854)
Pierce County (from portions of Appling and Ware counties in 1857)
Ware County was home to Laura S. Walker (1861-1955) a noted author and conservationist. Walker promoted a comprehensive program of forestry activity, including the establishment of forest parks. She erected markers and monuments along old trails and at historic sites, in Waycross and Ware County so that local history would not be forgotten. Walker wrote three books about the land and history of her home. They are: History of Ware County, Georgia About "Old Okefenåok" and Doctors of Primitive Times and Horse and Buggy Days of Ware County.
An effort to recognize her work culminated in President Franklin D. Roosevelt issuing a proclamation to establish the Laura S. Walker National Park, located in Ware County, in her honor. She was the only living person for whom a state or national park was named. In 1937, the federal government purchased distressed farmland for the park. Work on the park was undertaken by the Works Progress Administration and the Civilian Conservation Corps. In 1941, the national park was deeded over to Georgia, becoming the State's 13th state park.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.7%) is water. It is the largest county in Georgia by area. A large portion of the county lies within the Okefenokee Swamp and its federally protected areas.
More than half of Ware County, made up by the western half of the southern portion of the county, the land bridge to the northern portion of the county, and the southern and western portion of the northern section of the county, is located in the Upper Suwannee River sub-basin of the Suwannee River basin. The eastern half of the southern portion of Ware County is located in the St. Marys River sub-basin of the St. Marys-Satilla River basin. The rest of the county, from just southeast to north and west of Waycross, is located in the Satilla River sub-basin of the same St. Marys-Satilla River basin.
Major highways
U.S. Route 1
U.S. Route 1 Business
U.S. Route 23
U.S. Route 23 Business
U.S. Route 82
U.S. Route 84
State Route 4
State Route 4 Business
State Route 38
State Route 122
State Route 158
State Route 177
State Route 520
Adjacent counties
Bacon County - north
Pierce County - east
Brantley County - east
Charlton County - southeast
Baker County, Florida - south
Clinch County - west
Atkinson County - west
Coffee County - northwest
National protected area
Okefenokee National Wildlife Refuge (part)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 35,483 people, 13,475 households, and 9,297 families living in the county. The population density was 39 people per square mile (15/km2). There were 15,831 housing units at an average density of 18 per square mile (7/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 69.65% White, 28.01% Black or African American, 0.18% Native American, 0.48% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 0.99% from other races, and 0.66% from two or more races. 1.94% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
According to the census of 2000, the largest ancestry groups in Ware County were English 46.13%, African 28.01%, Scots-Irish 12.29%, Scottish 4.3%, Irish 2.21% and Welsh 1.9%.
There were 13,475 households, out of which 30.70% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.30% were married couples living together, 14.80% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.00% were non-families. 27.90% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.30% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 3.01.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 24.80% under the age of 18, 9.10% from 18 to 24, 28.10% from 25 to 44, 22.60% from 45 to 64, and 15.40% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.60 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.50 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $28,360, and the median income for a family was $34,372. Males had a median income of $26,910 versus $20,424 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,384. About 15.90% of families and 20.50% of the population were below the poverty line, including 30.10% of those under age 18 and 16.70% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 36,312 people, 13,654 households, and 9,209 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 16,326 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 66.4% white, 29.5% black or African American, 0.8% Asian, 0.3% American Indian, 1.5% from other races, and 1.5% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 3.3% of the population.
Of the 13,654 households, 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.6% were married couples living together, 17.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 32.6% were non-families, and 28.4% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.03. The median age was 38.4 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $35,517 and the median income for a family was $47,609. Males had a median income of $36,149 versus $27,034 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,295. About 16.7% of families and 20.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 32.5% of those under age 18 and 10.3% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States Census, there were 36,251 people, 13,823 households, and 8,909 families residing in the county.
Education
High schools
Ware County High School, Waycross
Middle schools
Ware County Middle School, Waycross
Waycross Middle School, Waycross
Elementary schools
Wacona Elementary School, Waycross
Center Elementary School, Waycross
Williams Heights Elementary School, Waycross
Memorial Drive Elementary School, Waycross
Ruskin Elementary School, Waycross
Waresboro Elementary School, Waycross
Preschools
DAFFODIL Preschool, Waycross
Private schools
Southside Christian School
Higher education
South Georgia State College, Waycross
Coastal Pines Technical College, Waycross
Communities
City
Waycross
Census-designated places
Deenwood
Sunnyside
Unincorporated communities
Bickley
Dixie Union
Manor
Millwood
Ruskin
Waresboro
Jamestown
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Ware County, Georgia
Obediah Barber Homestead
Laura S. Walker State Park
References
External links
Official Ware County website
Ware County Community Website & Community Calendar
History of Ware County, Georgia - Laura S. Walker
Doctors of Primitive Times and Horse and Buggy Days of Ware County - Laura S. Walker
Georgia GenWeb Ware County site
Okefenokee Swamp Park homepage
Okefenokee National Wildlife Refuge U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1824 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1824
Waycross, Georgia micropolitan area
Weverse (also stylized as WeVerse; : romanized: wibeoseu) is a Korean mobile app and web platform created by South Korean entertainment company Hybe Corporation. The app specializes in hosting multimedia content and artist-to-fan communications for musicians. Its accompanying e-commerce app, Weverse Shop (formerly known as Weply), sells subscriptions for content on Weverse, artist-related products, and merchandise.
Weverse hosts a variety of free and subscription content including educational and entertainment videos, Instagram Story-style updates, and artist-to-fan interactions and platforms for users to connect with each other. The app is also used to publish official statements by Hybe (formerly Big Hit Entertainment) on behalf of artists in its labels.
The software was developed by Hybe's technology subsidiary Weverse Company (formerly beNX). By March 2020, Weverse had 1.4 million daily users and Weverse Shop over 1.8 million users from 200 countries. As of 2022, Weverse has over 6.8 million monthly users.
Development
The app was developed by Weverse Company (formerly beNX), a subsidiary technology company of Hybe Corporation (formerly Big Hit Entertainment) specializing in digital platforms and customer service. According to Weverse Company president, Seo Wooseok, the app was developed to offer a platform for K-pop artists to interact with fans "on a deeper level" than that offered by YouTube or Twitter, which emphasize content delivery over communication. Hybe co-CEO Lenzo Yoon characterized the app as a "one-stop service within the music industry."
According to Jenny Zha, CEO of the digital media consultancy firm Infinitize, K-pop "market leaders like BTS", who have amassed significant fan followings, no longer need to focus on being discovered but rather on monetization and ownership of their content. Zha, in an interview with Billboard, explained that "labels want to [...] create an asset they can own and mobilize for other artists and ventures because they know that fans will follow to where the content is. It creates more security for the label for the long term."
Hybe launched the e-commerce platform Weply in June 2019. It later became the app Weverse Shop.
News of the app's development was first announced in October 2019 through an advertisement shown at the beginning of BTS's three-day Love Yourself: Speak Yourself stadium tour in Seoul, South Korea. The advertisement played simultaneously to 130,000 in-person concertgoers, as well as viewers watching via live-stream and in movie theaters.
On January 27, 2021, Naver Corporation announced the transfer of their V-Live service to Weverse Company and its integration with the Weverse platform.
Application
Platforms
Weverse is currently available as a website, an entertainment and communication-focused app of the same name, and an e-commerce app called Weverse Shop. Both apps are available for free for iOS on the Apple App Store and for Android on the Google Play Store. The Weverse web and app platforms host a variety of free and subscription content including videos, Instagram Story-style updates, and artist-to-fan interactions and platforms for users to connect with each other. The Weverse Shop website and app sell subscriptions for individual series on Weverse, as well as fan memberships and merchandise for the groups on its platform.
Artists
TXT
BTS
GFriend
Seventeen
Enhypen
NU'EST
CL
P1Harmony
Weeekly
Sunmi
Henry Lau
Dreamcatcher
Gracie Abrams
Cherry Bullet
New Hope Club
Alexander 23
Mirae
Treasure
Letteamor
Jeremy Zucker
PrettyMuch
Woo!ah!
MAX
F.T. Island
Everglow
IKon
Just B
Mad Monster
Blackpink
STAYC
Lil Huddy
Purple Kiss
Fromis 9
Prikil
Winner
Oneus
Ravi
Kim Junsu
Verivery
Up10tion
Lee Jin-hyuk
XG
Le Sserafim
Blitzers
Kingdom
Yoon Ji-sung
Hwang Min-hyun
Baekho
Apink
Victon
TNX
Secret Number
&Team
TRI.BE
Rocket Punch
Hyolyn
ATBO
OnlyOneOf
Golden Child
Zico
T1419
Oh My Girl
CNBLUE
Billlie
B.I.G
Content
BTS
BTS joined Weverse on July 1, 2019.
BTS announced during the finale of its Love Yourself: Speak Yourself stadium tour in Seoul that the fourth season of its annual reality show, Bon Voyage, would be leaving the Korean video streaming service V Live, which hosted its first three seasons, for the new platform Weverse. The fourth season of Bon Voyage is available by direct purchase on the Weverse Shop app or with the purchase of an annual membership for BTS's global fan club.
In August 2019, BTS launched a six-episode mini-documentary series for purchase on Weverse entitle Bring the Soul: Docu-Series, which expands on BTS's 2019 documentary film Bring the Soul: The Movie. The first episode aired on Weverse on August 27 and concluded on October 1. Each episode centered on a theme related to the group's Love Yourself album series and showcased content from the 2018 Love Yourself world tour.
On March 22, 2020, Hybe Corporation announced the launch of a video series entitled "Learn Korean With BTS" on the social media app Weverse. The project was first mentioned in February during a live-streamed press release by Big Hit Labels on YouTube, in which Bang Si-Hyuk explained that the project intended to "make it easy and fun for global fans who have difficulty enjoying BTS' music and contents due to the language barrier." The series consists of thirty three-minute lessons on Korean expressions and grammar using footage from existing BTS content on YouTube and VLive, such as Run BTS and "Bangtan Bombs." The videos were developed in collaboration with experts at the Korean Language Content Institute and Hankuk University of Foreign Studies. The first three episodes were released on March 24, with subsequent videos posted weekly on Mondays., which later led to the creation of Hybe's educational division, Hybe EDU.
GFriend
GFriend joined Weverse on August 1, 2019.
On July 1, 2021, following the end of GFriend's contract with Source Music on May 22, several changes were made to GFriend's Weverse, with features such as creating new posts and editing profiles being disabled. However, other features are still available.
Concerts
See also
Hybe Corporation
Notes
References
External links
Official website
Social networking services
Hybe Corporation
Philip Fasano was an executive vice president and the chief information officer at American International Group (AIG). Formerly he served as executive vice president and chief information officer at Kaiser Permanente. In addition, Fasano also served in IT leadership roles at Capital One Financial, JP Morgan Chase, and Deutsche Financial Services, among others. In 2017, Fasano was inducted into the CIO Hall of Fame, a special career recognition bestowed by CIO Magazine, the executive-level tech media brand providing insight into business technology leadership, as a CIO whose outstanding work has shown both creative vision and practical leadership in information technology. While Fasano served as an executive vice president and chief information officer at Kaiser Permanente, he was also honored as Health Information Technology Man of the Year as part of Healthcare IT News' second annual Health IT Men and Women Awards. He is the author of Transforming Health Care: The Financial Impact of Technology, Electronic Tools and Data Mining. Fasano currently serves on the Board of Trustees at the New York Institute of Technology. He graduated with a BS degree in computer science from New York Institute of Technology.
References
New York Institute of Technology alumni
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Georgina Coghlan ( Rendell; born 18 August 1975) is an Australian television presenter and performer who is best known for co-hosting Network Ten's Logie Award winning The Circle between 2010 and 2012, as well as being a regular panelist on The Project.
Personal life
Coghlan grew up in Warrnambool, Victoria on a sheep farm. She was educated in Warrnambool at both St Ann's Ladies College and Emmanuel College and is a former State level equestrian competitor in eventing and dressage. Coghlan also has a Graduate Diploma in Secondary Education, specialising in Biology and Science, and a Bachelor in Science, and worked as a teacher at McKinnon Secondary College.
Gorgi was previously married to lawyer Justin Quill. In October 2009, she married Ballarat businessman Simon Coghlan. In July 2010, Coghlan announced on The Circle that she was pregnant with her first baby and she gave birth to a daughter on 30 December 2010. Gorgi and Simon named their daughter Molly-Rose Coghlan.
Career
Prior to joining Network Ten Coghlan was the Melbourne reporter and travel presenter for Today and for National Nine News on the Nine Network. Coghlan joined Today in 2004 after working on programmes for community television station, Channel 31 in Melbourne. Coghlan worked at Channel 31 on the news and current affairs program C News in Melbourne, where she presented the news and worked as a reporter.
During her time at the Nine Network, she was also the Melbourne reporter for National Nine News Early Edition and worked as a reporter on National Nine News in Melbourne. She has also filled in presenting the weather on Today for Steven Jacobs. She resigned from Today in December 2008.
In 2010, Network Ten announced Coghlan as host of the new morning show The Circle alongside Denise Drysdale, Yumi Stynes and Chrissie Swan. Coghlan is also a fill-in presenter for Carrie Bickmore on The Project. Colin Lane replaced Coghlan on The Circle whilst she was on maternity leave. She was also a weekly radio social commentator on 3AW "Afternoons with Denis Walter".
In addition to her teaching and television careers, Coghlan is a trained professional singer and has appeared in numerous professional musicals and televised concerts. She has had parts in the long running Queen musical "We Will Rock You", "Carols By Candlelight" (2006, 2007 & 2008) and the Nine Network's The Singing Bee and ABBAMANIA. As Gorgi Quill, she released a solo album, Edward, on CD (Sound Vault Records, SV0535) dedicated to her late grandfather, who inspired her love of singing and music.
In February 2015, Coghlan was announced as Carrie Bickmore's replacement on The Project during Carrie's maternity leave. She has previously been a panelist and fill-in host. Coghlan announced on 27 July 2021 that she would be stepping away from the show after 10 years.
In 2019, Coghlan was revealed to be the 'Monster' on The Masked Singer Australia and was placed third on the show.
References
External links
The Project
The Circle
Living people
Australian television presenters
Australian women television presenters
1975 births
Connecticut Route 80 is a 25.9-mile highway that runs through south-central Connecticut. The west end is at CT 17 in Quinnipiac Meadows neighborhood of New Haven, and the east end is at CT 154 in Deep River. Route 80 runs within 5 miles of many town squares- including Downtown New Haven.
Route description
Route 80 begins at the junction of I-91 and Route 17 in New Haven (at Exit 8). Route 17 splits off and heads northward right after the exit. Route 80 begins as a 4-lane principal arterial road in New Haven, continuing due east for almost its entire length. It has a junction with the southern end of Route 103 before entering East Haven. It then passes the north end of Route 100 before crossing into North Branford. In North Branford, it has a overlap with Route 22, during which it meets the north end of Route 139. Just east of the Route 22 concurrency, Route 80 becomes a 2 lane minor rural arterial road and enters Guilford. It crosses Route 77 in North Guilford before entering Madison. In the village of North Madison, it meets Route 79 at a roundabout. It then enters Killingworth, where it passes Chatfield Hollow State Park and intersects with Route 81 at a traffic circle in the center of town. After crossing into Deep River, it briefly overlaps with Route 145, then meets Route 9 at Exit 5 about before its terminus at Route 154.
Route 80 crosses over the Hammonasset River between Madison and Killingworth on Bridge No. 1132, a historic open-spandrel arch bridge built by the Connecticut Highway Department in 1934.
History
In 1818, a toll road was chartered running from the Boston Post Road at the Guilford-Madison town line northeast through Killingworth center, then east to Deep River, ending at the Middlesex Turnpike. The turnpike, known as the Pettipauge and Guilford Turnpike, used Green Hill Road in Madison then modern Route 80 to Deep River. In 1824, another turnpike was built, beginning in the Fair Haven section of New Haven, heading eastward along modern Route 80, and ending at the Pettipauge and Guilford Turnpike in Killingworth center. This was known as the Fairhaven Turnpike.
In 1922, when Connecticut first publicly signed its state highways with route numbers, several new numbered routes where created from these two turnpikes. From Fair Haven to North Branford center, State Highway 135 was created. Old Highway 135 continued south from North Branford center along modern Route 139 to the Boston Post Road. The eastward continuation of the old Fairhaven Turnpike between North Branford center and the village of North Guilford was designated as State Highway 140. The portion of the old Pettipaue and Guilford Turnpike between Killingworth center and Deep River center became State Highway 175.
Modern Route 80 was established as part of the 1932 state highway renumbering from old highways 175, 140, and the east–west portion of 135. In 1940, its east end was relocated to US 1 in Old Saybrook along Warsaw Street, Main Street, Middlesex Turnpike, and Essex Road. In the 1950s, it was extended west to Route 10 in New Haven along Middletown Avenue, State Street, Edwards Street, Munson Street, and Henry Street to Route 10 (Sherman Avenue). In 1962, the western end was truncated to its current location at Route 17. In 1966, with the opening of Route 9, the eastern end of Route 80 was truncated and rerouted to its current location.
Junction list
References
External links
080
Transportation in New Haven County, Connecticut
Transportation in Middlesex County, Connecticut
Edwin Smith (born 2 January 1934) is a former county cricketer who played for Derbyshire between 1951 and 1971 and took over 1200 wickets.
Smith was born in Grassmoor, Derbyshire. He played his entire first-class career for Derbyshire, playing 503 First Class matches in a career spanning 20 years from 1951 to 1971.
Smith was primarily an off-spin bowler and took 1217 first-class wickets at an average of 25.84, with 51 5 wicket innings and the best performance of 9 for 46. He was also a useful lower middle order batsman and scored nearly 7000 runs with the highest score of 90.
England had a number of very good off-spin bowlers during Smith's career, including Jim Laker, Fred Titmus, David Allen and Ray Illingworth, which restricted his opportunities to play Test cricket.
References
External links
1934 births
Living people
Derbyshire cricketers
People from Grassmoor
English cricketers
Marylebone Cricket Club cricketers
North v South cricketers
Almost a Honeymoon is a 1938 British comedy film directed by Norman Lee and starring Tommy Trinder, Linden Travers and Edmund Breon. It was based on the 1930 play Almost a Honeymoon by Walter Ellis, previously filmed in 1930. Its plot is about a young man who urgently needs to find a wife so that he can get a lucrative job in the colonial service, and sets out to persuade a woman to marry him.
It was shot at Welwyn Studios. The film's sets were designed by the art director Duncan Sutherland.
Cast
Tommy Trinder as Peter Dibley
Linden Travers as Patricia Quilter
Edmund Breon as Aubrey Lovitt
Frederick Burtwell as Charles
Vivienne Bennett as Rita Brent
Arthur Hambling as Adolphus
Aubrey Mallalieu as Clutterbuck
Ian Fleming as Sir James Hooper
Betty Jardine as Lavinia Pepper
Wally Patch as Bailiff
Critical reception
Allmovie wrote, "nothing really happens (this is a 1938 film), but you can't censor the gleam in the supporting characters' eyes."
References
External links
1938 films
1938 comedy films
1930s English-language films
Films directed by Norman Lee
British comedy films
British films based on plays
British black-and-white films
1930s British films
The NAL/ADE Black Kite is an unmanned Micro Air Vehicle (MAV) technology demonstrator developed jointly by Aeronautical Development Establishment (ADE) of DRDO and National Aerospace Laboratories (NAL) of CSIRI and supported by private vendors. It is one of the airframe designs being pursued for " National Program on Micro Air Vehicles" (NP-MICAV)
Design
Black Kite is a fixed-wing aerial vehicle having platform shape of Modified Inverse Zimmerman. Its airframe is made of Carbon-fiber-reinforced polymer and Rohacell. It runs on electric battery and is propelled by an AXi2204/54 Brushless Motor APC 7"x6" with a flight endurance of 30 minutes. The Black Kite is constructed with a tractor configuration and has its electric motor mounted with the propeller facing forward.
It carries a miniature daylight video camera as payload which can take video from an altitude of 80–100 m and relays the imagery of ground zero to the Ground control station during its flight. The video and telemetry range is about two km. The machine is remotely radio-controlled. An autopilot has also been provided, if it losses link with the Ground Control Station, it is programmed to return base. There are three versions of Black Kite. The prototypes are currently under the user trials.
Specifications
See also
NAL / ADE Golden Hawk
NAL / ADE Pushpak
External links
AeroMAV 2008
‘Aerofest 2009' ends with majestic show
Unmanned aerial vehicles of India
Micro air vehicles
The women's javelin throw event at the 1975 Pan American Games was held in Mexico City on 20 October.
Results
References
Athletics at the 1975 Pan American Games
1975
Sherton Heights is a populated place located in Scott County at latitude 41.593 and longitude -90.427.
Geography
Sherton Heights is located at (41.593, -90.427).
References
External links
Populated places in Scott County, Iowa
Said EL Artist is an Egyptian drummer/percussionist. He also has a line of signature drums - El Artist Drums.
He played a huge role for taking Egyptian Shaabi music to be known worldwide and is most known for his release Spectacular Rhythms, on Hollywood Records, but is featured on many recordings.
References
Egyptian drummers
Egyptian percussionists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
, also known by his Chinese style name , was a prince of Ryukyu Kingdom.
Prince Tamagawa was the seventh son of King Shō Kō. He was also a half-brother of King Shō Iku, Prince Ōzato Chōkyō and Prince Ie Chōchoku. Nakazato Chōkei () had no heir and adopted him. After Chōei's death, he became 14th head of the royal family Tamagawa Udun (), and inherited the hereditary fief of his family, Kanegusuku magiri (, modern a part of Itoman, Okinawa).
King Shō Tai dispatched a gratitude envoy after he took power to Edo, Japan in 1850. Prince Tamagawa and Nomura Chōgi (, also known by Shō Genmo ) were appointed and respectively. They sailed back in the next year.
Prince Tamagawa kept in close touch with the pro-Satsuma faction, including Makishi Chōchū, Onga Chōkō and Oroku Ryōchū. It was said that they planned to depose King Shō Tai and install him. In 1859, Makishi, Onga and Oroku were involved in the Makishi Onga Incident () and arrested. Prince Ie was appointed as judge to interrogate them. Prince Ōzato suggested that Prince Tamagawa should be put into prison, but was dissuaded by the king's instructor, Tsuhako Seisei. Prince Tamagawa was banned from politics and under house arrest. He died in the same year.
References
1826 births
1862 deaths
Princes of Ryūkyū
People of the Ryukyu Kingdom
Ryukyuan people
19th-century Ryukyuan people
"I Need You" is a song written by Dennis Matkosky and Ty Lacy. Performed by American country pop artist LeAnn Rimes, it was released on July 25, 2000, as a single from Jesus: Music from and Inspired by the Epic Mini-Series. The song spent 25 weeks on the US Billboard Hot 100 and peaked at number 11, and it was also successful outside the US, reaching the top 20 in Canada, Denmark, Finland, Ireland, Spain, Sweden, and the United Kingdom. A music video was released in 2000.
Background and release
"I Need You" was released as a single from Jesus: Music from & Inspired by the Epic Mini-Series on March 20, 2000, to adult contemporary and hot adult contemporary radio, and it was released to retail on July 25, 2000. The song was re-issued in 2002 by her label, Curb Records, in the album, I Need You, along with the Graham Stack Radio Edit, and included on her 2003 Greatest Hits album. Also in 2003, the song was included on CMT Most Wanted Volume 1. The song was included on her Best of album in 2004 and the Dave Aude Radio Edit was included on the remix edition. A new remix by Digital Dog was featured on Rimes' 2014 greatest hits album, Dance Like You Don't Give a.... Greatest Hits Remixes. On February 3, 2015, it was included on her All-Time The Greatest Hits album.
Rimes donated her artist fees and royalties from this song to fund and build a therapeutic rehabilitation wing — the "LeAnn Rimes Adventure Gym" — at the Vanderbilt Children's Hospital in Nashville, Tennessee (Remz).
Although the single was released on July 25, 2000, it was only available as the commercial pop version. The country mix version of this song was not available until September 12, 2000, when Curb featured it on the multi-artist compilation album, "Wings of a Dove".
Composition
"I Need You" is a Christian pop song of 3 minutes and 48 seconds. The song is written by Dennis Matkosky and Ty Lacy and is in the key of G major with Rimes' vocals spanning two octaves, from E3 to D5.
Critical reception
Entertainment Weekly music critic, David Browne, gave it a "C Plus" and states, "This schlock-deluxe ballad finds Rimes in full-diva mode, swooning and growling like a Celine Dion impersonator on Your Big Break." According to Carson James, Curb VP of Promotion, "I Need You" was used as the "primary vehicle for pre-promotion" of the "Jesus" mini-series (Country Corner, 2000) that aired on CBS in May 2000 and was the lead track featured on the album. A review by Billboard stated, "Not since her pop breakthrough "How Do I Live" almost three years ago has [LeAnn] Rimes brought forth a song so naturally beautiful and well-suited to her rich, enveloping vocal style."
Chart performance
In the United States, the song spent 25 weeks on the Billboard Hot 100 and peaked at number 11. The song also reached number 8 on the Billboard Country Songs chart, as well as number 2 on the Billboard Adult Contemporary chart. It received a Gold sales certification from the Recording Industry Association of America for shipping over 500,000 copies domestically. Internationally, "I Need You" peaked within the top 20 in Canada, Denmark, Finland, Ireland, Spain, Sweden, and the United Kingdom.
Music video
The music video for the song features Rimes singing solo in a minimally furnished, abandoned house. The first 2/3's of the video features Rimes in a tan and white shirt with tan leather pants while in the darkness lit by a spotlight that travels across the room in the background while different colored leaves are billowing about. There are close-up shots of her face as she's singing and various poses of her swaying, moving and dancing to the song. After the second verse the spotlight stops in her midsection and the scenes are flooded with light. Then her outfit changes to white but she and the music video continue as before. The video was directed by Joe Rey. On July 22, 2014, as a promotion for her Dance Like You Don't Give a.... Greatest Hits Remixes (2014) album, Rimes released the Digital Dog remix of the music video.
Track listings
US CD single
"I Need You" by LeAnn Rimes — 3:48
"Spirit in the Sky" by dc Talk — 3:43
US remixes digital download
"I Need You" (Dave Aude radio edit) — 4:24
"I Need You" (Graham Stack radio edit) — 3:44
"I Need You" (Almighty radio edit) — 3:44
"I Need You" (Lenny B radio edit) — 3:49
"I Need You" (Lenny B radio edit with intro) — 3:50
"I Need You" (Graham Stack extended mix) — 6:30
"I Need You" (Dave Aude mix) — 7:48
"I Need You" (Bertoldo mix) — 8:22
"I Need You" (Dataluxe mix) — 9:08
"I Need You" (Almighty mix) — 6:55
"I Need You" (Lenny B club mix) — 6:21
UK single
"I Need You" (original version) — :48
"I Need You" (Graham Stack radio edit) — 3:43
UK maxi-CD
"I Need You" — 3:48
"I Need You" (Lenny B radio edit) — 3:49
"Sittin' on Top of the World" (Aurora Borealis radio edit) — 4:36
"I Need You" (video)
European maxi-CD
"I Need You" (Graham Stack radio edit) — 3:43
"I Need You" (Almighty mix edit) — 3:42
"I Need You" (Dave Aude radio edit) — 4:23
"I Need You" (Dataluxe club mix edit) — 5:45
Charts and certifications
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
Covers
In 2001, Anna Fegi released the song for her album, Every Step of the Way. The song was covered again in 2003 by Christian singer, Kristy Starling, on her eponymous debut album. In 2005, Filipino singer Mark Bautista covered this song for his second studio album Dream On.
References
External links
2000 songs
2000 singles
2000s ballads
Capitol Records singles
Country ballads
Curb Records singles
LeAnn Rimes songs
Pop ballads
Songs written by Dennis Matkosky
Songs written by Ty Lacy
Songs written for films
Sparrow Records singles
Thermoniphas alberici, the Alberic's chalk blue, is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Nigeria, Cameroon, Gabon, the Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo (Mayumbe, Mongala, Uele, Ituri, Kivu and Tshopo) and Uganda.
References
Butterflies described in 1945
Thermoniphas
Nathaniel Ryan Morris (born October 16, 1980) is an American Entrepreneur. He is the founder of Lexington, Kentucky-based conglomerate Morris Industries, founder and CEO of the software company Rubicon and founder of the Morris Foundation.
Early life
A ninth generation Kentuckian, originally from Lexington, Morris grew up in Louisville, Kentucky with his single mother, Miranda Morris, and maternal grandparents. He was close to his grandfather, Lewis Sexton, who was a former president of the Ford plant United Auto Workers union in Louisville. While attending Eastern High School, Morris reportedly developed political aspirations after multiple spinal fractures derailed his hopes of a football career in the fall of 1996.
At 17, Morris was high school senior class president, a member of the National Honor Society, captain of the debate team, and one of 96 high school students nationwide selected to represent their states for Boys Nation that year, where he met President Bill Clinton. In 1999, Morris attended George Washington University on a academic scholarship from the Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite of Freemasonry in Washington, D.C., where he studied international affairs and was elected Phi Beta Kappa. After graduating in 2003, he spent time in China teaching business management and working for Kentucky's Cabinet for Economic Development before pursuing graduate studies at the Princeton School of Public and International Affairs.
At Princeton, he studied under former Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist, former member of the U.S. House of Representatives Jim Leach, and was named a fellow at the Center for the Study of Presidency.
Morris also attended University of Oxford's Said Business School and is a member of the Oxford Union.
Early career and politics
Morris was raised in a family of Reagan Democrats and worked in several government offices including the U.S. House of Representatives, the U.S. Senate, the U.S. Department of Labor, and the White House.
Morris is a Republican and has been described as a "wunderkind" political fundraiser by The New York Times. Aged 23, Morris raised money for President George W. Bush's 2004 reelection campaign and was recognized as one of its "Mavericks", having raised over $50,000. He has worked in internships and fundraising roles for several Kentucky Republicans, including Congresswoman Anne Northup, Gov. Ernie Fletcher, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Labor Secretary Elaine Chao (McConnell's wife). Morris worked for Northup, McConnell and at the White House while at George Washington University.
Morris is a friend and supporter of U.S Senator Rand Paul. He traveled with Paul to Israel in 2013 and raised money for his Senate and presidential campaigns, becoming one of his top fund-raisers. Paul wrote about Morris and Rubicon in his book, Taking a Stand: Moving Beyond Partisan Politics to Unite America.
In 2014, Morris received the Leadership Institute's Conservative Leader Award and Maverick PAC Future 40 Award.
Business
Morris was included in Fortune list of "40 Under 40" in 2014. Morris founded Rubicon Technologies, a software company focused on waste and recycling, after collaborating with a high school friend, Marc Spiegel. He used ten thousand dollars in personal credit cards to fund an early website and legal work, founding the company in 2008. Key investors that Morris engaged for Rubicon early on included John Ashcroft, the former U.S. Attorney General in the George W. Bush administration, and others. Rubicon works to improve inefficiencies in the waste management industry by analyzing data and pairing multinational clients with local waste companies. Rubicon became a public company in August of 2022, listing on the New York Stock Exchange as RBT. In addition to Rubicon, Morris is also the founder and President of Morris Industries, based in Lexington, Kentucky.
Memberships and awards
Morris was named Outstanding Young Kentuckian by the Kentucky Junior Chamber of Commerce in 2007, later being named an "Outstanding Young American" honored by the United States Junior Chamber in 2013 for his founding of Rubicon Technologies. He was inducted into the Kentucky Entrepreneur Hall of Fame in November 2019. He is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations, the Trilateral Commission, and the Board of Directors of Business Executives for National Security.
Personal life
Morris married Jane Mosbacher on New Year's Eve 2011. She is the daughter of Robert Mosbacher Jr., the head of the Overseas Private Investment Corporation under George W. Bush, and granddaughter of George H. W. Bush's commerce secretary Robert Mosbacher Sr.
References
1980 births
Businesspeople from Lexington, Kentucky
Eastern High School (Louisville, Kentucky) alumni
George Washington University alumni
Princeton School of Public and International Affairs alumni
Kentucky Republicans
Living people
21st-century American businesspeople
American chairpersons of corporations
American environmentalists
American philanthropists
Sustainability advocates
Julian Philips is a British composer. Philips' works have been performed at major music festivals, including The Proms, Tanglewood, Three Choirs Festival, at the Wigmore Hall, South Bank Centre and Berlin Philharmonic Chamber Music Hall and by international artists such as Gerald Finley, Dawn Upshaw, Sir Thomas Allen, the Vertavo String Quartet, the Tanglewood Festival Orchestra, the BBC orchestras and the Aurora Orchestra.
He has had a number of broadcasts and was the subject of a BBC Wales TV documentary and a BBC 2 series.
In 2007, Philips was presented with an Honorary Fellowship from the Guildhall School, and subsequently conferred with a Professorship.
Early life
Philips was born in Wales in 1969, brought up in Warwickshire, studied Music at Emmanuel College, Cambridge, completing his doctorate at Sussex University.
Career
Philips took up the post of Head of Composition at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama in 2004 transforming the Guildhall Composition Department while also establishing a series of flag-ship projects, most notably a Doctoral Composer-in-Residence scheme, and an MA in Opera-Making & Writing, both in association with the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden. For over a decade, Philips has led the Wigmore Study Group an innovative adult education group which he established for the Wigmore Hall, and has enjoyed a particular association with the Orchestra of the Swan, both through a series of commissions and education projects. In 2007, Philips was presented with an Honorary Fellowship from the Guildhall School, and subsequently conferred with a Professorship.
Works
Philips held the Glyndebourne's first Composer in Residence. He is published by Edition Peters.
Whilst at Glyndebourne, Philips completed two chamber operas in 2006-2009, Followers with libretto by Simon Christmas and The Yellow Sofa with a libretto by Edward Kemp. He then went on to write his youth opera Knight Crew for Glyndebourne with a libretto by Nicky Singer; the opera subsequently featured in a BBC 2 documentary. His opera How the Whale Became, again with a libretto by Edward Kemp, was written for the 2013/14 Royal Opera House's Christmas season. In 2017, Philips' opera The Tale of Januarie received its premiere at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama in London, based on Chaucer's The Merchant's Tale with a Middle English libretto by writer Stephen Plaice.
In 2003, Philips collaborated with British choreographer Michael Corder on a new full-length ballet based on Les Liaisons Dangereuses for English National Ballet, collaborating again with Corder on a Prokofiev-based score for The Snow Queen, again for English National Ballet. In 2012, Philips worked with French choreographer Mikaël 'Marso' Rivière on a hybrid dance-concerto for violist Maximillian Baillie and the Aurora Orchestra, which premiered at the 2012 Deal Festival. His has been featured on BBC radio.
In 2018 Philips is working on a new viola concerto for violist Virginia Slater, a large-scale choral work with a text by Stephen Plaice commissioned by InterOpera, and a new oboe quintet for the Wigmore Hall.
OperasThe Tale of Januarie (2016–17), full-length Opera after Geoffrey Chaucer, with a libretto by Stephen Plaice, commissioned by the Guildhall School of Music and Drama. Duration: 2 hours, 15 minutes.How the Whale Became (2013), family chamber opera after Ted Hughes for five singers and five players, with a libretto by Edward Kemp, commissioned by the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden. Duration: 80 minutes.Good Intentions (2012), children's opera with a libretto by Simon Christmas, commissioned by W11 Opera. Duration: 80 minutes.Good Intentions, performance extract. Retrieved 5 September 2018Save the Diva (2011), street opera scene for soprano, trombone and accordion, with a libretto by Simon Christmas, commissioned by The Opera Group. Duration: 15 minutes.Knight Crew (2010), full-length youth opera, with a libretto by Nicky Singer, commissioned by Glyndebourne Festival Opera. Duration: 2 hours.The Yellow Sofa (2009), chamber opera based on the novella Alves & Co. by Eça de Queiros, with a libretto by Edward Kemp, commissioned by Glyndebourne Festival Opera. Duration: 80 minutes. Varjak Paw (2008), family chamber opera, after the novels by SF Said, with a libretto by Kit Hesketh-Harvey, commissioned by The Opera Group. Duration: 1 hour, 50 minutes.Followers (2006–11), site-specific promenade opera with a libretto by Simon Christmas, commissioned by Glyndebourne Festival Opera. Duration: 1 hour.Of Water and Tears (2007), opera fantasy for chorus & small orchestra, based on O Waly, Waly, devised for Glyndebourne's Jerwood Chorus Development scheme with director Claire Whistler. Duration: 15 minutes.Wild Cat (2006), children's opera with a libretto by Berlie Doherty, commissioned by Welsh National Opera. Duration: 30 minutes.Dolffin (2005), children's opera with a libretto by Gwyneth Lewis, commissioned by Welsh National Opera. Duration: 30 minutes.
DanceMaxamorphosis (2012), hybrid dance-concerto for viola, dancers and chamber orchestra. Created with choreographer Mikael Marso Riviére for violist Max Baillie and the Aurora Orchestra.The Snow Queen (2005), full-length ballet based on Prokofiev's Tale of the Stone Flower commissioned by English National Ballet for choreographer Michael Corder.Les Liaisons Dangereuses (2003), full-length ballet after the Choderlos de Laclos novel, devised with choreographer Michael Corder, commissioned by English National Ballet.
Orchestral worksBallades Concertantes (2017) for solo viola, double bass & chamber orchestra, commissioned by the Orchestra of the Swan. Duration: 25 minutes.All that remains (2014) for large orchestra, commissioned by the National Orchestra of Belgium marking the centenary of the opening of the First World War. Duration: 13 minutes.Come forth to play (2013) for brass, percussion and organ, commissioned by the Guildhall School of Music and Drama to mark the opening of Milton Court. Duration: 6 minutes.Maxamorphosis (2012), hybrid dance-concerto for viola, dancers and chamber orchestra. Created with choreographer Mikael Marso Riviére for violist Max Baillie and the Aurora Orchestra. Duration: 27 minutes.Divertissement (2004), suite for chamber orchestra, drawn from the ballet Les Liaisons Dangereuses. Duration: 25 minutes.Out of Light (2001), poem for large orchestra, commissioned for the BBC National Orchestra of Wales, for The Proms in 2001. Duration: 21 minutes.Strange Seas (1998), poem for orchestra, commissioned by the Britten Sinfonia. Duration: 16 minutes.
Voice and orchestraMasque for Caliban (2006), on poems by Edward Kamau Brathwaite, for baritone and orchestra, commissioned by the Orchestra of the Swan for the Three Choirs Festival. Duration: 22 minutes.
Chorus and orchestraSo gently darkness falls (2014) to a poem by John Masefield, for solo treble, choir and small orchestra, commissioned by Warwick School. Duration: 11 minutes.Sea and Stars (2012) to a text by Simon Christmas, for solo soprano, baritone, chorus and orchestra, commissioned by Ealing Choral Society. Duration: 33 minutes.Body of Water (2012) to a text by Simon Christmas, for solo tenor, choir, organ and brass quintet, commissioned by the John Armitage Memorial. Duration: 15 minutes.
Songs for voice and pianoLove Songs for Mary Joyce (2016) to poems by John Clare, for tenor & piano, commissioned by the Wigmore Hall for James Gilchrist and Anna Tillbrook. Duration: 20 minutes.Love Songs of Amy Lowell (2011) to poems by Amy Lowell, for soprano & piano, commissioned by the Presteigne Festival. Duration: 16 minutes.Blist's Hill (2009) to a poem by Simon Christmas, for baritone & piano, commissioned by NMC Recordings, for the NMC Songbook. Duration: 3 minutes.An American Songbook (2004) to poems by Langston Hughes, for mezzo-soprano & piano, commissioned by the Ludlow English Song Weekend. Duration: 18 minutes.There is a morn by men unseen (2003) to a poem by Emily Dickinson, for baritone & piano, commissioned by the Wigmore Hall. Duration: 3.5 minutes.Life Lessens (2002) with text by Simon Christmas, for mezzo-soprano & piano, commissioned by Sue & Nicholas Nightingale. Duration: 25 minutes.Four Sonnets of John Clare (2002, rev. 2015) to poems by John Clare, for baritone & piano, commissioned by the Wigmore Hall. Duration: 10 minutes.Swift Partitions (1998) to poems by Emily Dickinson, for baritone & piano, commissioned by Jeremy Huw Williams. Duration: 14 minutes.An Amherst Bestiary (1997) a songbook to poems by Emily Dickinson, for voice & piano. Duration: 2–25 minutes.Der Jungling und der Tod (1997) to a poem by Josef von Spaun, for tenor & piano, commissioned by BBC Radio Three. Duration: 6 minutes.Eclogue (1996) to a poem by A E Housman, for baritone & piano, commissioned by Bromsgrove Concerts. Duration: 10 minutes.Fern Hill (1996) to the poem by Dylan Thomas, for baritone & piano, commissioned by Jeremy Huw Williams. Duration: 15 minutes. Dread of Starry Majesties (1995) to poems by Ivor Gurney, commissioned by the Lichfield Festival. Duration: 20 minutes.now i lay me down to dream of spring (1991) to poems by e e cummings, for tenor & piano. Duration: 25 minutes.
Works for voice and instrumentsCantos de Sonho (2013) to poems by Alexander Search (Fernando Pessoa) for soprano, tenor & piano trio, commissioned by the Ludlow English Song Weekend. Duration: 35 minutes.Sweet Love Remembered (2005) to poems by Amy Lowell, Amy Levy, Byron, May Swenson, James Merrill and Muriel Rukeyser, for baritone & string quartet. Commissioned by Sir Nicholas Goodison and the Wigmore Hall for baritone Gerald Finley and the Vertavo Quartet. Duration: 25 minutes.Swift Partitions (2003) to poems by Emily Dickinson, for baritone & chamber ensemble. Duration: 14 minutes.Love is thicker than forget (1997) to a poem by e e cummings, for soprano, trumpet & organ. Duration: 3 minutes.Coronach (1995) to a poem by Oliver Fraser, for mezzo-soprano & viola, commissioned by BBC Radio 3. Duration: 9 minutes.
Chamber musicWinter Music (2016) for solo harp, commissioned by the Tanza Trust for harpist Oliver Wass. Duration: 10 minutes. Ricochets Between (2010) for clarinet, bassoon, horn, two violins, viola and piano, commissioned by the Britten Sinfonia and the Wigmore Hall for BBC Radio 3. Duration: 12 minutes. Four Characters (2003) for viola and piano, commissioned by BBC Radio 3 for violist Laurence Power. Duration: 12 minutes.Sextet (1999) for piano and wind quintet, commissioned by the 1999 Warwick & Leamington Festival. Duration: 16 minutes.
Unaccompanied voicesI Sing of a Maiden (2012) a setting of the medieval lyric, for unaccompanied choir, commissioned for the Choir of Truro Cathedral. Duration: 3 minutes.Sorrowfull Songes (2012) to poems by Thomas Wyatt, for vocal ensemble, commissioned for The Proms 2012, broadcast live on BBC Radio 3. Duration: 15 minutes.Invocazione (2004) to a poem by Joseph Addison, for vocal ensemble, commissioned by the National Chamber Choir of Ireland. Duration: 11 minutesReach for Andromeda (1995) to a poem by Olive Fraser, for vocal ensemble, commissioned by the Finzi Singers. Duration: 6 minutes.
Choir and organThe Promised Child (2018) to a text by Stephen Plaice, commissioned by InterOpera. Duration: 5.5 minutes.Church Music (2011) to a poem by George Herbert, commissioned for the Choirbook for the Queen. Duration: 6 minutes.Song's Eternity (2002) to a poem by John Clare, commissioned by the Musicians' Benevolent Fund for the combined choirs of Westminster Abbey, Westminster Cathedral and St Paul's Cathedral. Duration: 7 minutes.Vertue (1988) to a poem by George Herbert, commissioned for the choir of Clare College Cambridge. Duration: 7 minutes.
Choir and pianoThe Promised Child (2018) to a text by Stephen Plaice, commissioned by InterOpera. Duration: 5.5 minutes.
Works for children's voicesFern Hill (2014) to the poem by Dylan Thomas, for children's choir, flute, viola and harp, commissioned by Welsh National Opera and broadcast live on BBC Radio 3. Duration: 18 minutes.Two Carols and a curse (1999) on medieval lyrics, for children's choir and string orchestra, commissioned by the New London Children's Choir. Duration: 8 minutes.
Works in progressThe Massacre of the Innocents'' (2020) with a text by Stephen Plaice, for soloists, chorus and ensemble, commissioned by InterOpera. Duration: tbc.
References
External links
Julian Philips, Edition Peters
Julian Phillps, Edition Peters, composer brochure
Professor Julian Philips, Guildhall School of Music & Drama
1969 births
Living people
Welsh classical composers
Welsh male classical composers
20th-century classical composers
20th-century English composers
20th-century Welsh musicians
21st-century classical composers
21st-century English composers
21st-century Welsh musicians
English classical composers
English male classical composers
English opera composers
Welsh opera composers
Male opera composers
Musicians from Cardiff
20th-century British male musicians
21st-century British male musicians
Ben Lawson (born 6 February 1980) is an Australian actor. From 2006 until 2008, he played Frazer Yeats in the Australian soap opera Neighbours. The role earned him a Logie Award nomination. Lawson has since appeared in several American television series, including The Deep End, Covert Affairs, and Don't Trust the B---- in Apartment 23. In 2011, he starred opposite Natalie Portman and Ashton Kutcher in the film No Strings Attached. From 2017 to 2018, he starred as Damien Rennett on the ABC political drama Designated Survivor. He also played baseball coach Rick Wlodimierzin in the second season of 13 Reasons Why, and Larry Hemsworth on The Good Place. Lawson portrays Lachlan Murdoch in the 2019 film Bombshell, alongside his brother Josh Lawson who played James Murdoch. In 2021, he starred in the Netflix series Firefly Lane.
Early life
Lawson was born and raised in Brisbane, Queensland. He attended St. Joseph's College, Gregory Terrace and is a graduate of the National Institute of Dramatic Art (NIDA). He is the third of five boys,for mother Diana, including Jordan, Josh Lawson, an actor who is known for his appearances on Thank God You're Here, and Matt Lawson, a Senior Radiographer for radiology company Dr. Jones & Partners in Adelaide.
Career
Lawson began a starring role in the Australian soap opera Neighbours as Frazer Yeats in 2006. His role earned him a nomination for Most Popular New Male Talent at the 2007 Logie Awards. His character Yeats left in April 2008.
Lawson had a small role in the film No Strings Attached, which starred Natalie Portman and Ashton Kutcher. In August 2012, he landed a recurring role in the ABC sitcom Don't Trust the B---- in Apartment 23 as Benjamin, a love interest for main character Chloe (Krysten Ritter). In 2017, Lawson starred in the short lived CBS drama Doubt opposite Laverne Cox. On The Talk, Cox said that Lawson was "an amazing actor". In July 2017, Lawson was cast as MI6 agent Damien Rennett on the second season of the ABC political drama, Designated Survivor. In 2018, Lawson played high school coach Rick on the second season of the Netflix original series, 13 Reasons Why. In 2019, Lawson starred as Thomas 'Clay' Fox Jr. in Dolly Parton's Heartstrings, Netflix's anthology series about Dolly Parton. In 2021, Lawson starred in the Netflix series Firefly Lane opposite Katherine Heigl and Sarah Chalke.
In 2020 Lawson wrote the poetry book To My Country in response to the devastating Australian bushfires. An ode to the endurance of the Australian spirit and the love he has for his home country, proceeds from the book went to The Koala Hospital, a society focusing on preservation and conservation.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
1980 births
20th-century Australian male actors
21st-century Australian male actors
Australian male film actors
Australian male soap opera actors
Living people
Male actors from Brisbane
is a Japanese comedy trio consisting of , and who have featured in a number of television shows. They are graduates of the Yoshimoto NSC Tokyo 4th generation class and are employed by Yoshimoto Kogyo. Formed in 1998, they are the winners of King of Conte 2011 and are mostly active in Tokyo.
Members
Ryūji Akiyama (秋山 竜次) Born August 15, 1978 in Moji-ku, Kitakyūshū, Fukuoka. Plays the boke. He is the main writer of the group's material and skits.
Hiroshi Yamamoto (山本 博) Born September 5, 1978 in Ōra, Gunma. Plays the tsukkomi.
Hiroyuki Baba (馬場 裕之) Born March 22, 1979 in Moji-ku, Kitakyūshū, Fukuoka. Plays the boke.
Life and career
Akiyama and Baba have known each other since kindergarten, attending the same school from then to high school in their hometown of Moji-ku, Kitakyūshū. Akiyama moved to Tokyo after graduating from high school with the initial goal of opening up a grocery store in Daikanyama. This changed as he instead enrolled in the Yoshimoto NSC and invited Baba to also enroll and move to Tokyo. The two of them formed the unit Akiyama-Baba, with Akiyama as the boke and Baba as the tsukkomi. However, the group struggled as Baba's role paled in comparison to Akiyama, and they determined that he was not fit to be a tsukkomi and invited Toshiyuki Itakura (Currently in the comedy duo, Impulse) to play the tsukkomi role. The three formed a trio called Zenairu, but was quickly disbanded soon after as Itakura preferred to play a boke role.
Yamamoto was in the same 4th generation class as Akiyama and Baba, but had formed a unit called Yamamoto Yamazaki, which disbanded after 2 months when his partner quit NSC. After other failed attempts at forming a unit, Yamamoto heard about the disbandment of Zenairu and approached Akiyama and Baba.
The three formed the trio in December 1998 and debuted the year after, making strides in their career with various television appearances in the 2000s. Akiyama in particular gained popularity, becoming a regular participant in the oogiri competition special program IPPON Grand Prix. In 2011, the trio won King of Conte.
Media
This list consists only of media appearances made by the trio when they appear together as Robert.
Current regular programs
Television
(Kyushu Asahi) (2019–Present) 1st and 2nd Wednesdays
(TBS TV) (2011–Present)
(TV Asahi) (2004–Present) Semi-regular
(TBS TV) (2014–Present)
Web series
(AbemaTV) (2018–Present)
Movies
Cromartie High – The Movie (2005)
Commercials
Proto Corporation (2002-2003)
Takara (2004)
Hanjuku Hero (Square Enix, 2005)
uno (Shiseido, 2006)
Nissan (2006)
Qosimo (Toshiba, 2006)
Sanpo Foods (2008)
Pokémon Diamond and Pearl, Nintendo DS (Nintendo, 2008 - 2009)
Mizkan (2014)
Kapuriko (Ezaki Glico, 2015) - alongside Miru Shiroma (NMB48)
Gyu-Kaku (2016)
Voice acting
Pokémon Ranger and the Temple of the Sea - Korean ver. (2006)
Pokémon: The Rise of Darkrai (2007)
Pokémon: Giratina and the Sky Warrior (2008)
Pokémon: Arceus and the Jewel of Life (2009)
References
External links
Official Profile on Yoshimoto
Japanese comedians
Japanese comedy troupes
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Justin Huang (; born 6 November 1959) is a Taiwanese politician. Like his father Huang Ching-fong, Justin Huang joined the Kuomintang. He was a member of the National Assembly from 1996 to 2000. Huang was first elected to the Legislative Yuan in 2001. He served two full terms on the Legislative Yuan, and was reelected to a third in 2008. Huang stepped as a legislator in 2009 to run for Taitung County Magistrate. After two terms as county magistrate, Huang left office in 2018.
Education
Huang obtained his bachelor's degree from the Department of International Trade of National Chengchi University. In 1981 he left Taiwan to study at Santa Clara University in the United States, where he completed a Master of Business Administration.
National Assembly
On 23 March 1996, Huang ran for the 1996 Republic of China National Assembly election for Taitung County Constituency in which he and two other Kuomintang (KMT) candidates won and took office on 20 May 1996.
Legislative Yuan
2001 legislative election
On 1 December 2001, Huang ran for the 2001 Republic of China legislative election for Taitung County Constituency in which he won and took office on 1 February 2002 succeeding legislator Hsu Ching-yuan.
2004 legislative election
On 11 December 2004, Huang ran for the 2004 Republic of China legislative election for Taitung County Constituency in which he won again and took office on 1 February 2005.
2008 legislative election
On 12 January 2008, Huang ran for the 2008 Republic of China legislative election for Taitung County Constituency in which he won again.
Taitung County Magistrate
2009 local election
Huang was elected Magistrate of Taitung County after winning the 2009 Republic of China local election under the Kuomintang on 5 December 2009 and assumed office on 20 December 2009. Due to this winning, he had to release his seat as legislator at the Legislative Yuan of Taitung County Constituency. He was succeeded by Lai Kun-cheng (賴坤成) of the Democratic Progressive Party.
2014 local election
He was reelected for a second term in 2014 after winning the 2014 Republic of China local election on 29 November 2014 and took office on 25 December the same year.
Administration goals
In his 'Governor's Column', Justin Huang vowed to “Clean up corruption" in Taitung politics, and “Listen to the people... not lazy bureaucrats” in order to create jobs through development. In his autobiography Huang reflected: “Taitung is the first and only county to have passed the Taitung Autonomous Landscape Regulations Management Act which aims to protect the environment and develop local construction at the same time." The centrepiece of this was a new resort district along the coastal countryside of Taitung.
Huang made 18 trips to Mainland China to promote Taitung as a potential high-volume tourism resource. He promised to “Allow tour buses to freely travel”, while at the same time “Develop culture” and “Support indigenous youth”.
Popularity
Justin Huang received generally high popularity rankings while serving as Taitung Magistrate although discrepancies between different polls are evident. Whereas Global Views Monthly polls described Justin Huang and Hualien Magistrate Fu Kun-chi as “regulars in the ‘five-star club'” during the same period (2015-16), Huang ranked 10th and 8th out of 13 county magistrates in CommonWealth Magazine polls.
In the 2018 CommonWealth poll, “Justin Huang (黃健庭) ... ranked second, followed by then-Hualien County commissioner (magistrate) Fu Kun-chi (傅崐萁)”
Achievements as Magistrate
During his two terms as County Magistrate, Huang lists his achievements as overseeing the introduction of the Taiwan International Balloon Festival (臺灣國際熱氣球間年華) and the Taitung Open of Surfing, redeveloping the Taitung Station while building a shopping mall and movie theater at the site of the old Taitung train station, pushing for the Puyuma express train to Taitung, and resolving the Taitung incinerator crisis.
Pharmaceutical corruption charges
In 2008, Huang was indicted on charges about accepting bribes or using his position as legislator in relation to the Lotus (美時公司), Fisherman (派頓製藥公司), and I Sheng Pharmaceutical companies (羿盛公司) in 2004 and 2005, respectively. Huang denied the accusations. He was found guilty of violating the Accountancy Act with regard to processing payments from Lotus Pharmaceutical proxies through his charity foundations, and not guilty on all counts of corruption in 2016. He was sentenced to a combined 10 months of jail, later reduced into a fine due to the application of the 'Speedy Trial Act'.
Nomination for Control Yuan
On 20 June 2020, it was reported that Justin Huang had been President Tsai's nomination to become vice-President of the Control Yuan - an oversight branch of government that monitors and conducts investigations into the activities of the other branches. Huang's Taitung County government was itself investigated and censured over its handling of the Miramar Resort.
However, a press conference scheduled to announce the nominations on 19 June was indefinitely canceled due to bipartisan criticism of the decision. Huang's own party, the KMT, threatened to expel him for accepting a DPP nomination without prior consultation, while several DPP legislatures voiced concerns, including Lin Shu-fen (林淑芬), who wrote: “It is incomprehensible that the proposed nominee for vice president is someone who has been convicted of corruption, and helped a business push through the controversial development of the Taitung Miramar Resort (美麗灣渡假村)... by flouting the law and the rights of Aboriginals.” The New Power Party cited Huang's role in promoting Miramar Resort as well as “his alleged acceptance of fees from pharmaceutical firms when he was a legislator and other legal disputes.”
In response, Huang held a press conference, where he announced: “If the KMT doesn't support my nomination, I will withdraw from the party.” He then thanked President Tsai for her trust in him, saying he sought the position because “the Control Yuan exercises independent power beyond all party affiliations, and this is a role where I could do something for the nation and for society.” Following continued opposition, the next day Huang announced he had decided to withdraw from the nomination.
Later political career
Huang's nomination as Secretary-General of the Kuomintang was approved at the 21st National Congress on 30 October 2021.
Personal life
Huang is the son of former Taitung County Magistrate and KMT Internal Affairs Central Commissioner, .
In 1987, Justin Huang married Chen Lien-yen (陳怜燕). As a couple, they are prominent members of the Taiwan Christian community. Chen introduced Huang to Christianity when they met while studying together at Santa Clara University in the 1980s. Huang was baptized by Top Church Pastor, Chang Mao-song (張茂松).
Huang is also the director of the Taitung County Young Workers' Association, as well as being the founder and chairman of the Healthy Families Cultural and Educational Foundation, and the Taitung Student Parent Foundation.
References
External links
1959 births
Living people
Kuomintang Members of the Legislative Yuan in Taiwan
Santa Clara University School of Business alumni
National Chengchi University alumni
Members of the 5th Legislative Yuan
Members of the 6th Legislative Yuan
Members of the 7th Legislative Yuan
Magistrates of Taitung County
Taitung County Members of the Legislative Yuan
The Paterson pageant was a dramatic depiction of the 1913 Paterson silk strike acted by the strikers themselves in New York City's Madison Square Garden while the strike was ongoing. Staged by John Reed and other bohemians of Greenwich Village, the pageant played before a full audience and received positive reviews, though its public support and sympathy did not translate into success for the six-month strike, which crumbled following the pageant. One of the Wobbly leaders behind the strike, Elizabeth Gurley Flynn, credited the pageant with hastening strike's end, having split the strikers' attention from their primary cause.
The pageant attracted early career artists including Robert Edmond Jones, who designed the poster, and John Sloan, who painted the 90-foot mills backdrop.
References
Further reading
External links
Pageant program
John Reed additional papers, 1909–1939 at Harvard University Libraries
1913 plays
1913 in labor relations
Industrial Workers of the World in New York (state)
Madison Square Garden
1913 in New York City
Industrial Workers of the World in New Jersey
Medovine is a village in the municipality of Ivanjica, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 98 inhabitants.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
The 23rd Nova Scotia general election may refer to
the Nova Scotia general election, 1863, the 22nd general election to take place in the Colony of Nova Scotia, for the (due to a counting error in 1859) 23rd General Assembly of Nova Scotia,
the 1867 Nova Scotia general election, the 23rd overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the 24th General Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 1st general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia, or
the 1956 Nova Scotia general election, the 45th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the 46th Legislative Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 23rd general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
The Elizabeth Mrazik-Cleaver Canadian Picture Book Award was established in 1985 following the death of Elizabeth Mrazik-Cleaver, one of Canada's pre-eminent book illustrators. In her will, Cleaver left a fund of $10,000 for an award to be given annually in recognition of outstanding artistic talent in a Canadian picture book. The recipient receives a cheque for $1,000, and a certificate.
The Cleaver Award is administered by a committee of three members of the Canadian section of the International Board on Books for Young People IBBY Canada. The recipient is a Canadian illustrator of a picture book published in Canada in English or French during the previous calendar year.
Winners of the Elizabeth Mrazik-Cleaver Award
2021 - Gérard DuBois, À qui appartiennent les nuages?
2020 - Marie-Louise Gay, The Three Brothers
2019 - Rachel Wada, The Phone Booth in Mr. Hirota's Garden
2018 - Julie Morstad, Bloom
2017 - Julie Kraulis, A Pattern for Pepper
2016 - Isabelle Arsenault, Louis parmi les spectres
2015 - Sydney Smith, Sidewalk Flowers
2014 - Pierre Pratt, Stop, Thief!
2013 - Julie Morstad, How To
2012 - Isabelle Arsenault, Virginia Wolf
2011 - Cybèle Young, A Few Blocks
2010 - Julie Flett, Lii Yiiboo Nayaapiwak lii Swer: L'Alfabet di Michif / Owls See Clearly at Night: A Michif Alphabet
2009 - Oleg Lipchenko, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland
2008 - Christine Delezenne, La Clé
2007 - Stéphane Jorisch, The Owl and The Pussycat
2006 - Kady MacDonald Denton, Snow
2005 - Geneviève Côté, The Lady of Shalott
2004 - Stéphane Poulin, Un chant de Noël
2003 - Pierre Pratt, Where's Pup?
2002 - Janie Jaehyun Park, The Tiger and The Dried Persimmon
2001 - Marie-Louise Gay, Stella, Queen of The Snow
2000 - Michèle Lemieux, Stormy Night
1999 - Kady MacDonald Denton, A Child's Treasury of Nursery Rhymes
1998 - Pascal Mileli, Rainbow Bay
1997 - Harvey Chan, Ghost Train
1996 - Janet Wilson, Selina and The Bear Paw Quilt
1995 - Murray Kimber, Josepha: A Prairie Boy's Story
1994 - Leo Yerxa, Last Leaf, First Snowflake To Fall
1993 – Barbara Reid, Two By Two
1992 – Ron Lightburn, Waiting for the Whales
1991 – Paul Morin, The Orphan Boy
1990 – Ian Wallace, The Name of the Tree
1989 – Eric Beddows, Night Cars
1988 – Stéphane Poulin, Can You Catch Josephine?
1987 – Barbara Reid, Have You Seen Birds?
1986 – Ann Blades, By The Sea: An Alphabet Book
References
Elizabeth Mrazik-Cleaver Canadian Picture Book Award site
Canadian children's literary awards
Picture book awards
Awards established in 1986
1986 establishments in Canada
Ashen Empires is a two-dimensional massively multiplayer online role-playing game created by American developer Jason "Lothgar" Ely and now owned by Iron Will Games. It was released for a free, open beta in 2002 and later officially released in 2003.
Origins
The original Dransik game, now known as Dransik Classic, was built in honor of Ultima V by Jason Ely, one of the U8 developers and Doug Gesler. Its graphics resemble the tileset used in that game, but in SVGA. Dransik Classic is still available for play using the Pixel Mine launcher. The modern game was originally known as Dransik, and was an upgraded version of the original Dransik game, which utilized an older graphics engine. The game was first launched through an open, free beta in September, 2002, by its original publisher, Asylumsoft Inc.. After the beta-testing stage was complete, the game started following a pay-to-play model on March 10, 2003. Dec 16, 2003 Asylumsoft sold the assets of the game to TKO Software and the game was renamed to Ashen Empires. 2004 TKO Software Sold the multiplayer rights back to Iron Will Games.
At that time, a monthly subscription fee was required to play (a business model seen in many MMORPG's, including World of Warcraft and EverQuest). Iron Will Games later decided to allow users to play for free, but with a limited experience. Until early 2008, players could only receive 10% of all experience gained, were limited in tradeskills they can use and couldn't perform certain tasks such as using the party system, trade table, pickup and drop objects/items to the ground or loot certain mobs. In early 2008, these restrictions were relaxed so that: non-subscribing players now receive 50% of all experience gained; can party with other non-subscribers; can table trade freely with other non-subscribers; can table trade with subscribers but only to receive, not give items.
In 2009, subscriptions were ended and the game became free to play, but added a pay system to earn in-game bonuses. In June 2020 a update added a Questlog to the Game.
In Sept 2022 Ashen Empires and Dransik Release on Steam.
Character creation
Accounts on Ashen Empires are able to contain up to four characters per server. When creating a character, the player can choose one of three races: human, night elf (also known as Astari), or Orc.
There is a total of seventy-one skills in the game; these skills include armed and unarmed combat, magery (spellcasting), and trade skills. Specific examples include Mining, Iron Forging, Baking, Planting, Harvesting, and Large Blades.
Reception
In a 2006 review, Blair Morris of OMGN praised the game, "Ashen Empires is a high quality game that every MMORPG fan should try." Among the praise was the world, the gameplay and the welcoming community.
A 2011 review by Beau Hindman further noted the aged system and the complex and confusing aspects of the game. Ashen Empires has no quest tracking function; and requires the player to keep track of the quests and information manually.
External links
Official website
References
2003 video games
Fantasy video games
Massively multiplayer online role-playing games
Persistent worlds
Video games developed in the United States
Windows games
Windows-only games
Toivo Salo (22 January 1909 – 5 April 1981) was a Finnish chess player, three-time Finnish Chess Championship winner (1938, 1949, 1956).
Biography
From the late 1930s to the early 1960s, Toivo Salo was one of Finland's leading chess players. In Finnish Chess Championships he has won three gold (1938, 1949, 1956), five silver (1936, 1937, 1950, 1953, 1957) and bronze (1952) medals.
Toivo Salo played for Finland in the Chess Olympiads:
In 1935, at reserve board in the 6th Chess Olympiad in Warsaw (+1, =3, -3),
In 1937, at fourth reserve board in the 7th Chess Olympiad in Stockholm (+4, =5, -5),
In 1952, at fourth board in the 10th Chess Olympiad in Helsinki (+2, =3, -4),
In 1954, at first board in the 11th Chess Olympiad in Amsterdam (+1, =3, -7),
In 1956, at second board in the 12th Chess Olympiad in Moscow (+2, =4, -8).
Toivo Salo played for Finland in the unofficial Chess Olympiad:
In 1936, at fourth board in the 3rd unofficial Chess Olympiad in Munich (+5, =7, -5).
Toivo Salo played for Finland in the European Team Chess Championship preliminaries:
In 1961, at second board (+1, =2, -1).
References
External links
Toivo Salo chess games at 365chess.com
1909 births
1981 deaths
Sportspeople from Helsinki
Finnish chess players
Chess Olympiad competitors
20th-century chess players
Marielitos is the name given to the Cuban immigrants that left Cuba from the Port of Mariel in 1980. Approximately 135,000 people left the country to the United States from April to September in what became known as the Mariel boatlift.
History
While there already was, largely successful, Cuban emigration to the United States before the 1980s, the third and most well-known wave of Cuban emigration was in 1980. The Cuban government permitted approximately 125,000 Cubans to board a decrepit fleet of boats in Mariel Harbor; of the 125,000 refugees that entered the United States on the boatlift, around 16,000 to 20,000 were estimated to be criminals or "undesirables" according to a 1985 Sun Sentinel magazine article. In a 1985 report around 350 to 400 Mariel Cubans were reported to inhabit Dade County jails on a typical day. However, Demetrio Perez, the city commissioner of Miami, had said "...That even among those Marielitos who had criminal records, there were thousands whose offenses were so minor that they would not be considered criminals here, and thousands of others whose ‘criminal record' was based on their opposition to the Communist regime." Estimates assert that the Cuban refugees only included some 2,700 hardened criminals.
The U.S. government claimed they were ready to accept Marielito refugees with open-arms on May 5, 1980; however, this was short-lived after President Carter accused Castro of sending mostly criminals to the United States June 7 of the same year. Castro denied President Carter's accusation only one week later, yet he agreed to accept 3,000 Marielitos back into Cuba. Remarkably, this was the only time Castro agreed to allow criminals back to the island for the next 30+ years.
Restrictions on these new American citizens tighten and loosen with the subsequent presidential administrations. President Clinton loosened restrictions to allow flights between Havana and Miami. President Bush tightened travel restrictions to allow a singular visit once every three years for the Marielitos.
In 2013 Raul Castro, brother of Fidel Castro, took power over Cuba. When President Obama took office in 2009, he made an effort to loosen travel restrictions once again. He allowed unlimited trips for Marielitos to visit their families in an attempt to normalize relations with Cuba. In a similar fashion, President Obama also declared there will be a U.S. Embassy in Havana, Cuba.
In 2019 Raul Castro steps down and Miguel Diaz-Canel is his successor. The Trump administration imposed historically heavy sanctions on Cuba. These sanctions were the most extreme Cuba has seen since Kennedy in the early 1960's. Conversely, President Biden expressed desires in his campaign to ease these sanctions from the Trump administration; however, President Biden has not taken any action yet.
The history of the Mariel boatlift and the legacy of the Marielitos leave across the United States today continues to leave a lasting impact on policy decisions today.
Membership
Marielito crime gangs consist of generally male Cubans. Many of the original Marielitos have specific tattoos, displaying patron saints, names, words or arcane symbols. Marielito gang members, White Cubans as well as Afro-Cubans, are members of Afro Cuban religious cults engaged in religious rituals often resulting in self-inflicted bodily scars.
While the original Marielito gang members came to the US in the 1980s, younger Cuban-Americans living in impoverished neighborhoods may imitate the rituals of the original Marielito criminals.
Activities
Marielito crime groups are mostly involved in drug trafficking and contract killing, although prostitution, corruption, extortion, robbery, burglary, auto theft and money laundering are also activities of choice. In some cases they have aligned themselves with American Mafia families and Colombian cartels to set up drug pipelines and working for them as enforcers.
Marielito gang activity isn't as endemic as it was in the 80's, but Marielito gangs are still active in Los Angeles, Washington and New York City (especially the South Bronx).
References
Street gangs
Hispanic-American gangs
Latino street gangs
Cuban-American culture
Organized crime groups in the United States
United Nations Security Council resolution 694, adopted unanimously on 24 May 1991, after reaffirming Resolution 681 (1990) and learning of the deportation of four Palestinians by Israel in the occupied territories on 18 May 1991, the Council condemned the deportations that were in violation of the Fourth Geneva Convention referring to the protection of civilians in times of war.
The resolution deplored the action and reiterated that Israel should refrain from deporting any more Palestinians and ensure the safe and immediate return of those deported.
See also
Arab–Israeli conflict
First Intifada
Israeli–Palestinian conflict
List of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 601 to 700 (1987–1991)
References
Text of the Resolution at undocs.org
External links
0694
0694
Israeli–Palestinian conflict and the United Nations
May 1991 events
History
The Sgt. William H. Carney House is a historic house at 128 Mill Street in New Bedford, Massachusetts. The house was built in 1856, and is a -story wood-frame structure with Greek Revival styling. It has a three-bay front facade, with the entrance in the left bay, sheltered by a hip-roofed bracketed hood. It is notable as the home of William Harvey Carney, an enlistee in the African-American 54th Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry. Carney distinguished himself at the Battle of Fort Wagner, actions for which he was belatedly awarded the Medal of Honor.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in New Bedford, Massachusetts
References
Houses in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Buildings and structures in New Bedford, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in New Bedford, Massachusetts
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Bristol County, Massachusetts
The buff-breasted wren (Cantorchilus leucotis) is a species of bird in the family Troglodytidae. It is found in the Amazon Basin of northern Brazil and Amazonian Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and northern-border Bolivia, and also the Guianan countries of Guyana, Suriname, and French Guiana. It occurs in non-Amazonian regions of Venezuela and Colombia and its range extends into eastern Panama.
Taxonomy and systematics
As the buff-breasted wren is understood in 2021, it has 11 subspecies. However, there are suggestions that some of them might not be valid, that some might be separate species, and on a larger scale, that the taxonomy of the entire genus Cantorchilus has not been completely resolved.
Description
Male buff-breasted wrens weigh and females are lighter at , but the sexes are otherwise similar. There is considerable variation in plumage across the species' wide range. Adults' head, nape, shoulders, tail, and back are rufescent to grayish brown; the tail is heavily barred. The throat, supercilium, and the rest of the face range from whitish through gray to gray-brown. The chest is buffy and the belly more cinnamon. Fledglings are duller overall than adults and the buff of their chest is paler.
Distribution and habitat
The core range of the buff-breasted wren is northern and central South America, especially the Amazon Basin; the range includes most of Venezuela, and northern Colombia extending into eastern Panama. In the west at the Andes and southwards through Amazonian eastern Peru, it only enters the extreme northwest border regions of Bolivia. The range includes the Guianas, the Amazon River outlet island Ilha de Marajo, and Panama's Pearl Islands.
The range southeastwards in Brazil covers the entire central-southern and southeast Amazon Basin. From here the range extends almost to the southeastern Atlantic coast of Brazil, but is mainly in the southern Cerrado, and possibly into the adjacent northeastern Pantanal.
Buff-breasted wrens occur in a variety of habitats, but most are characterized by low to medium height vegetation. Examples include secondary forest and its edges and regenerating clearings. Of lesser importance are mangrove forest and shade coffee plantations. In Venezuela they inhabit only gallery forest along waterways in otherwise grassland areas. In Amazonia they are mostly found on the borders of várzea forest and on older river islands. They have been observed in primary forest in Bolivia and the subspecies C. l. collinus inhabits the dry scrub of Colombia's Serranía de Macuira.
Behavior
Feeding
The buff-breasted wren forages in pairs or family groups and will join mixed-species foraging flocks. Typically they hunt between above ground but also do so on the forest floor and as high as . They hop or make short flights through thick vegetation, gleaning and probing for insects, spiders, and other small arthropods.
Breeding
Buff-breasted wrens build both breeding and "dormitory" nests. The latter are used for roosting. Both are globular and built of small sticks, grasses, and other relatively coarse fibers. Breeding nests are lined with finer material; the dormitory nests tend to be flimsier than the breeding ones. Both have a tunnel entrance, which on the breeding nest tends to be longer and more downturned. Both are built by both members of a pair and juveniles may help construct the dormitories. Most nests are placed between above ground, though they may be as high as up. Trees, shrubs, vine tangles, and palms are among the many sustrates for the nests. The clutch size is usually three but many nests have only two. Shiny cowbirds (Molothrus bonariensis) and striped cuckoos (Tapera naevia) are significant nest parasites.
Vocalization
Both male and female buff-breasted wrens have large song repertoires. Often a male will begin a song and the female will complete it. They also have a variety of calls.
Status
The IUCN has assessed the buff-breasted wren as being of The Least Concern. The species has a large range and is believed to be common throughout it.
References
External links
Buff-breasted Wren photo gallery VIREO
Photo-High Res; Article sciencenews—Bird Songs: Ensemble Vocalizations
Cantorchilus
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of the Cerrado
Birds described in 1845
Birds of Brazil
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxa named by Frédéric de Lafresnaye
Gallozzi is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Guillaume Gallozzi (1958–1995), French art dealer
Marco Gallozzi (born 1988), Italian footballer
See also
Galluzzi
Italian-language surnames
Grandview High School may refer to:
Grandview High School (Aurora, Colorado)
Grandview High School (Grandview, Missouri) in Grandview, Missouri
Grandview High School (Morrisville, Pennsylvania) in Morrisville, Bucks County, Pennsylvania
Grandview High School (Texas) in Grandview, Texas
Grandview High School (Ware, Missouri) in Ware, Missouri
Grandview High School (Washington) in Grandview, Washington
Grandview Heights High School (Columbus, Ohio)
Transferrin saturation (TS), measured as a percentage, is a medical laboratory value. It is the value of serum iron divided by the total iron-binding capacity of the available transferrin, the main protein that binds iron in the blood, this value tells a clinician how much serum iron is bound. For instance, a value of 15% means that 15% of iron-binding sites of transferrin are being occupied by iron. The three results are usually reported together. A low transferrin saturation is a common indicator of iron deficiency anemia whereas a high transferrin saturation may indicate iron overload or hemochromatosis.
Transferrin saturation is also called transferrin saturation index (TSI) or transferrin saturation percentage (TS%)
Interpretation
Studies also reveal that a transferrin saturation (serum iron concentration ÷ total iron binding capacity) over 60 percent in men and over 50 percent in women identified the presence of an abnormality in iron metabolism (Hereditary hemochromatosis, heterozygotes and homozygotes) with approximately 95 percent accuracy. This finding helps in the early diagnosis of Hereditary hemochromatosis, especially while serum ferritin still remains low. The retained iron in Hereditary hemochromatosis is primarily deposited in parenchymal cells, with reticuloendothelial cell accumulation occurring very late in the disease. This is in contrast to transfusional iron overload in which iron deposition occurs first in the reticuloendothelial cells and then in parenchymal cells. This explains why ferritin levels remain relative low in Hereditary hemochromatosis, while transferrin saturation is high.
Usual values
Normal reference ranges are:
Serum iron: 60–170 μg/dL (10–30 μmol/L)
Total iron-binding capacity: 240–450 μg/dL
Transferrin saturation: average 25%. Reference ranges depend on multiple factors like age, sex, race and test devices. Most laboratories define “normal” as max. 30% for female and max. 45% for male persons. Above 50% the risk of toxic non-transferrin bound iron (NTBI) rises exponentially, potentially causing organ damage.
μg/dL = micrograms per deciliter
μmol/L = micromoles per liter
Laboratories often use different units and "normal" may vary by population and the lab techniques used. To help clinicians interpret their patients' results, laboratories are generally also required to report their normal or reference values.
References
Blood tests
Iron metabolism
Transferrins
Brent Bolthouse is an American entrepreneur, event producer, DJ, actor, and photographer. He has appeared on MTV's The Hills.
Career
1989-2005: Early Career & Bolthouse Productions Beginnings
In 1987, Bolthouse moved to Los Angeles from Joshua Tree, California. He began working as a club promoter at Opus Lily in 1989, the same year Bolthouse Productions was founded. His early career included promoting the Roxbury, The Viper Room, and the House of Blues. He also opened the Los Angeles clubs Babylon, Opium Den Sunset Blvd.'s Coffee House and the venue Avalon of which he is still currently a partner. Bolthouse is also a partner and co-owner of the Body English night club at the Hard Rock Hotel in Las Vegas. In 1991, Bolthouse partnered with his current business partner Jenifer Rosero.
2005-2010: SBC Bolthouse, SLS & Bolthouse Vox Events
In late 2005, Bolthouse Productions and Sam Nazarian's SBE Entertainment Group announced a partnership to develop, promote, and operate night clubs, supper clubs, restaurants, lounges, and bars. Together with SBE, Bolthouse collaborated on nightlife venues and fine dining establishments including the Hyde Lounge, the nightclub Area, Foxtail, Katsuya, and Chef Michael Mina XIV Restaurant, as well as designer Philippe Starck. However, this partnership was terminated in 2009.
In 2008, Bolthouse began work on the newly opened luxury hotel SLS Hotel Beverly Hills which features the four-star restaurant Bazaar by José Andrés. Upcoming projects include the in-development Sahara Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas. Also in 2008, Bolthouse began co-hosting a weekly radio show “Feel My Heat” on Indie 103.1 with Danny Masterson. The show has been rated by Rolling Stone as number one in the Indie category. Bolthouse is also a DJ. Notable events that he has DJ'd include the Nylon Hot Hollywood Party, Sundance 2009, The Ray-Ban Awards, Victoria's Secret Fashion Show After-Party and Prada Store opening on Rodeo Drive.
He also appeared in Jessica Simpson's video "A Public Affair" as a DJ.
In early 2009, Bolthouse Productions partnered with VOX Entertainment to form Bolthouse VOX Events. Clients have included HBO, Mercedes-Benz, T-Mobile, Vanity Fair and Prada. Later, in March 2009, Bolthouse VOX announced a joint venture with Wolfgang Puck Catering through which Bolthouse VOX events can be catered by Wolfgang Puck. Bolthouse Productions and Vox have since gone their separate ways.
2010-Present: Neon Carnival, Partnership with Best Events & The Bungalow Santa Monica
In 2011, Bolthouse Productions partnered with LA-based production company Best Events to pursue creative opportunities, including establishing the Warwick lounge on Sunset Boulevard which opened in 2013. The offices are located in a residential duplex in the Fairfax District in Los Angeles, with Bolthouse Productions in one space and Best Events in the other. The current Bolthouse Productions is small and has less than 5 in-office employees.
In August 2012, Bolthouse opened a restaurant and bar called The Bungalow at the Fairmont Miramar Hotel & Bungalows in Santa Monica, CA. It was announced in September 2014 that Bolthouse would be expanding the brand and opening a new location at Pacific City in Huntington Beach. The second location is set to open in 2016. As of November 2015, The Bungalow Huntington Beach will serve Bear Flag Fish Co. as its exclusive culinary partner.
In November 2018 it was announced that The Bungalow Hospitality Group would be expanding its portfolio by partnering with chef and restaurateur Chef Michael Mina and the MINA Group on the launch of The Bungalow in Long Beach, CA and San Diego, CA.
Bolthouse founded Neon Carnival, a festival which takes place in Coachella Valley.
Television
Filmography
References
American entertainment industry businesspeople
American DJs
American photographers
Living people
People from Joshua Tree, California
Year of birth missing (living people)
Erythrophleum ivorense is a species of leguminous tree in the genus Erythrophleum found in the rainforests of tropical West and Central Africa. The tree has many uses; the timber is used for heavy construction, for making charcoal and for firewood, the bark is used for tanning and in traditional medicine, and both bark and seeds are poisonous and used for hunting.
Description
Erythrophleum ivorense is a tall evergreen tree that can grow to a height of . The trunk is cylindrical and up to in diameter; it may be fluted near the base and may have buttresses. The bark is grey, scaly and fissured, and the inner bark is granular and reddish. The young twigs are downy and the alternate, bi-pinnate leaves each have up to seven pairs of alternately-arranged ovate leaflets and a terminal leaflet. The inflorescence is a terminal or auxiliary raceme, about long, covered with reddish-brown down. The flowers are reddish-brown and hairy, with parts in fives, and are followed by flat, leathery, dangling seed pods, each containing up to six seeds.
Distribution and habitat
Erythrophleum ivorenseis native to tropical West Africa where its range extends from The Gambia to Gabon and the Central African Republic. It occurs in evergreen and moist, semi-deciduous forest, primarily in mature second-growth forest. The roots often bear nodules containing Bradyrhizobium, bacteria which are capable of nitrogen fixation.
Uses
The timber is very durable and is traded internationally. It is used for heavy construction, bridges, wharves and railway sleepers, as well as for boat building and wheel hubs. However the sawdust is irritating to the mucosa and may cause asthma and allergies to workers in sawmills. The wood makes good charcoal and firewood. The bark is used in tanning and has several uses in traditional medicine. Both the bark and the seeds are toxic and are used in hunting, and in Sierra Leone, the bark is used to poison fish.
References
ivorense
Trees of Africa
Flora of West Tropical Africa
Flora of West-Central Tropical Africa
Plants used in traditional African medicine
Louis Raymond (born March 23, 1954), is a development director as well as a garden steward. Formerly an American landscape designer, he managed a solo practice until 2019. He has consulted on residential, resort, and exhibition garden and landscape design in the United States and abroad. An advocate of urbanism for decades, since establishing residence in Key West, FL in 2019, Raymond is a graduate of the City's first class of Ambassadors since the Covid-19 pandemic halted that training in 2020.
Early life
Raymond was born Dale Louis McKinley in Erie, Pennsylvania, on March 23, 1954. He has been interested in plants and gardens since pre-school. He obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree in chemistry from Lehigh University, and attended medical school for two years. He then studied music, obtaining two more Bachelors of Arts degrees, in piano and in voice, from the Peabody Institute of The Johns Hopkins University. He performed as an opera singer in greater Washington, DC, and then, under management, in NYC, where he adopted the stage name of Louis Raymond. By the mid-1980s, Raymond had retired from the stage to concentrate on garden design.
Career
After thirty-some years as a garden designer & board president, Raymond balances his horticultural calling as an estate gardener with responsibilities as Development Director for the Keys Shakespeare Company, which he recently co-founded in Key West, Florida, with his husband, Richard Ericson.
In his horticultural career, Raymond was also active in many flowershows. He was the show designer—the head of exhibition gardens—for the Boston flowershow for six years, when it was under the auspices of the Massachusetts Horticultural Society. He has judged at the Boston, Philadelphia, and Worcester flowershows. He has exhibited at the Newport, Rhode Island, and Providence, Rhode Island, flowershows. He lectured widely on horticulture, the history of garden and landscape design and their intersection with popular culture, and his own projects and personal gardens.
Works
In a feature in The Providence Journal, Louis & his personal gardens were introduced in advance of their being featured as a studio tour for the September 2016 edition of Design Week. Louis provided commentary as well as pictures of plants from his own garden for a June 12, 2014 feature by The Washington Post garden writer, Adrian Higgins, on gardening so as not to attract bees. One of his projects in Rhode Island was featured in the July/August, 2013 issue of Design New England. One of his projects in Connecticut was the subject of a feature in the September/October, 2012 issue of Design New England. Another of his projects in Connecticut was the subject of a feature in the June, 2012 issue of Good Housekeeping. One of his projects in New York City was featured in USA Today in 2002.
An oceanfront project in New England was a House & Garden (magazine) cover story.
A project in Providence, Rhode Island, was featured in Metropolitan Home. One of his country-house projects was featured in the same magazine in 2001.
Design New England has published two features on Raymond's own gardens.
A designer showhouse project was featured in The Boston Globe in 2001. The showhouse garden was a collaboration with noted found object sculptor Jill Nooney, creator of Bedrock Gardens, in Lee, New Hampshire.
People, Places, and Plants published a feature on his work as designer at the Boston flowershow. A feature in The Boston Globe highlighted the 1999 edition of the Boston Flowershow, Raymond's first as show designer.
A residential project in Providence, Rhode Island, was featured in the Rhode Island Monthly, which had earlier featured a three-season garden designed specifically for that publication. Two features appeared in The Providence Journal on Raymond's first signature project, the gardens of Theatre-By-the-Sea, in Matunuck, Rhode Island. A feature on one of Raymond's projects that celebrated horticulture that deer don't nibble appeared in "The Narragansett Times".
Charitable service
For over twenty years, Raymond has been active in the Southside Community Land Trust, a Providence-based organization that champions urban agriculture and sustainable, affordable access to healthy food. He has been Board President for over ten years; in July 2019, he welcomed a new Board President, and resumed a regular Board seat. In 2021, Raymond became Southside's first-ever Board Member Emeritus.
Personal life
On August 3, 2013, Raymond and his life partner of forty years, Richard Ericson, a theater and media director and producer, were married in Lenox, Massachusetts. In July 2019, they relocated from rural Rhode Island to Key West, Florida.
References
External links
Old Town Garden Steward, Raymond's company for stewarding horticulture, design, & media at both private & public clients.
Raymond's on-line exploration of uncommon & astonishing plants at home & around the world.
Southside Community Land Trust's Home Page
Montreal International Festival of Mosaiculture
1954 births
Artists from Erie, Pennsylvania
People from Hopkinton, Rhode Island
Peabody Institute alumni
Lehigh University alumni
Living people
Berni Julian Alder (September 9, 1925 – September 7, 2020) was a German-born American physicist specialized in statistical mechanics, and a pioneer of computational modelling of matter.
Biography
Alder was born in Duisburg, Germany, in September 1925, to Jewish parents, a chemist and a homemaker. After the Nazis came to power, the family moved to Zurich, Switzerland. Fearing an invasion by Nazi Germany after the outbreak of World War II, the family applied for a visa to the United States, which was granted in 1941. They left by sealed train from neutral Switzerland to (formally neutral) Spain, then to Portugal, where they took a ship to the US. Following a stint in the US Navy after US entry into the war, he obtained a BSc in chemistry from the University of California at Berkeley and a master's degree in chemical engineering from the same institution in 1947. He went to the California Institute of Technology to study under John Gamble Kirkwood for his PhD in 1948 and worked for the investigation of phase transitions in hard-sphere gas with Stan Frankel, where he got the idea to use the Monte Carlo method. After he finished at Caltech in 1952, he went to Berkeley and worked part-time at Berkeley to teach chemistry and part-time as a consultant under the suggestion of Edward Teller in the nuclear weapons program for the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory to help with the equations of state. In collaboration with Thomas Everett Wainwright, and Mary Ann Mansigh, he developed techniques for molecular dynamics simulation in the mid-1950s, including the liquid-solid phase transition for hard sphere and the velocity autocorrelations function decay in liquids.
Alder, along with Teller, was one of the founders of the Department of Applied Science in 1963. He was a professor of Applied Science at the University of California at Davis, and later professor emeritus.
In 2001, he was awarded the Boltzmann Medal for inventing technique of molecular dynamics simulation.
He was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2008. In 2009, he was awarded the National Medal of Science.
Alder was a Guggenheim Fellow. He was the editor of the book series Methods in Computational Physics and the founder of the magazine Computing.
Alder died on September 7, 2020, of heart failure.
References
External links
An Interview with Bernie Alder by George Michael, Stories of the Development of Large Scale Scientific Computing at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory
Berni J. Alder CECAM Prize
Oral History interview transcript for Berni Alder on 18 June 1990, American Institute of Physics, Niels Bohr Library and Archives
1925 births
2020 deaths
21st-century American physicists
American people of German-Jewish descent
California Institute of Technology alumni
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
Fellows of the American Physical Society
Jewish emigrants from Nazi Germany to the United States
Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory staff
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
National Medal of Science laureates
Scientific computing researchers
UC Berkeley College of Chemistry alumni
University of California, Berkeley College of Letters and Science faculty
University of California, Davis faculty
German emigrants to Switzerland
Dundalk entered the 1962–63 season on the back of a disappointing eighth-place finish in the League and a fifth-place finish in the Shield the previous season. 1962–63 saw the side trained by 1932–33 title-winning veteran Gerry McCourt, assisted by Mickey Fox, Colm Bellew and Shay Noonan. Team selection was still the responsibility of the club's 10-person management committee. It was Dundalk's 37th consecutive season in the top tier of Irish football.
Season summary
The new season would see the 30th anniversary of the club's only previous League title pass. Since then they had been runners-up three times. They had been uncompetitive throughout the 1950s, but had made strong challenges for the League in both 1959–60 and 1960–61. The season opened with the P.J. Casey Cup – a single-season competition run to replace matches lost due to the reduction in teams that season. It ran as a two group, single match round-robin with the top two in each group then playing off in a semi-final and final. The competition was named in memory of P.J. Casey - a long time Honorary Treasurer of the League, and former committee member at Dundalk, who had died in late 1961. Drumcondra defeated Dundalk in the final. The Shield followed, a competition Dundalk had yet to win, and they were pipped to the runners-up spot on goal average. The Dublin City Cup saw them knocked out in the first round, 4–3 on aggregate, while the Leinster Senior Cup saw them knocked out in the semi-final on corner-count after a 2–2 draw with Shelbourne.
With four competitions essentially dealt with by the time the League was up and running, all attention turned to the League schedule. A run of five wins and a draw saw Dundalk lead the table going into the new year, but a defeat and three draws in their next five games raised doubts about their ability to stay in front. Their rivals were faltering too, however, and with six games remaining Dundalk led by four points – although their closest rivals, Waterford and Drumcondra, both had two games in hand, as bad weather that winter had seen a number of postponements. Another slump in form followed, with a second round exit in the FAI Cup to Cork Hibernians and two League defeats in three weeks, leaving them top on goal average only with an extra game played. But they rallied as their rivals continued to drop points, needing a win away to Bohemians in their final match to seal the title. They went two goals behind, however, and with supporters believing they had blown the title, they came back to score twice in the last five minutes and secure a point. They then had to wait a full week for the fixture backlog to clear, with Shelbourne, Cork Celtic and Drumcondra all in the hunt. All three faltered, confirming Dundalk as Champions.
First-Team Squad (1962–63)
Sources:
a. Includes the Leinster Senior Cup, Dublin City Cup, P.J. Casey Cup, and Top Four Cup.
Competitions
P.J. Casey Cup
Source:
Group
Dundalk qualified as group runners-up
Semi-Final
Final
Shield
Source:
Shield table
Dublin City Cup
Source:
First Round
Cork Hibernians won 4–3 on aggregate
Leinster Senior Cup
Source:
Fourth Round
Semi-Final
Shelbourne won 8–2 on corner count
FAI Cup
Source:
First Round
Second Round
Top Four Cup
Source:
Semi-Final
League
Source:
League table
References
Bibliography
Citations
Dundalk F.C. seasons
Dundalk
The Auster J/2 Arrow is a 1940s British single-engined two-seat high-wing touring monoplane built by Auster Aircraft Limited at Rearsby, Leicestershire, England.
History
The Arrow was designed as a successor to the pre-war Taylorcraft Plus C monoplane. A development aircraft, a side-by-side two-seater first flew in 1946 powered by a Lycoming O-145-B3 flat four air-cooled engines.
Import restrictions on the sale in the United Kingdom (UK) of American-built engines resulted in most of the 44 aircraft completed being exported, mainly to Australia. In later life, examples were re-imported to the UK, where several examples remained active in 2011.
Specifications (J/2)
See also
References
Mike Preston and Mick Ames, 2002, "Austers", International Auster Club Heritage Group Publication,
External links
1940s British civil utility aircraft
Auster aircraft
Single-engined tractor aircraft
High-wing aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1945
Florisvaldo is a given name. Notable people with the name include:
Florisvaldo (footballer) (born 1943), Brazilian footballer
Florisvaldo de Oliveira (1958–2012), Brazilian vigilante and serial killer
Masculine given names
Ecotourism is the concept of responsible trips and travel to areas that might be protected and especially fragile. The intent is to create as little detrimental impact on the environment as possible. South Africa has used ecotourism to sustain and improve its immense biodiversity, as well as invigorate its economy. Tourism is the fourth largest generator of foreign exchange in South Africa, and ecotourism is the idea of encouraging visitors while promoting and supporting a country's biodiversity. South Africa contains a lot of biodiversity, and so ecotourism is a way for the country to benefit from wildlife in a non-consumptive and legal manner as opposed to illegal activities like poaching and trafficking for the international wildlife trade.
Regulation of Ecotourism
The first real mention of 'green' or 'eco-tourism' on a world-wide stage was in the Agenda 21 for the Travel and Tourism Industry, published in 1997 by the World Tourism Organization.
After the fall of the apartheid state and South Africa's first democratic election in 1994, the Constitution of South Africa, and later the 1997 white Paper on South African Land Policy attempted to address the racial imbalance in land ownership in the country. People who had previously been forcibly pushed off of their land were allowed to reclaim land in its stead. This new land had significant touristic potential.
In 1996, the South African Government's Department of Environmental Affairs and Tourism created a plan to develop and manage the tourism industry in a responsible and sustainable manner, "key elements" of its strategy were identified as:
"assessment of environmental, social, and economic impacts of tourism developments;
monitoring of tourism impacts with open disclosure of information;
involvement of local communities in planning and decision making;
ensuring the involvement of communities who benefit from tourism;
maintenance and encouragement of natural, economic, social and cultural diversity;
sustainable use of local resources;
avoidance of waste and over-consumption."
This program, dubbed Tourism in GEAR, emphasized that tourism in the country should be led by the government, powered by the private sector, centered on community, and labour conscious.
Despite the creation of this plan, the South African government has had trouble developing systems of regulation. Some initiatives have been developed but with little follow through. Some private sector tourism companies seek international certification by organizations like Green Globe 21 or Iso 14001-based programs, but not many do this.
Economic Effects
Ecotourism can be used to ensure those local to the area are involved in the experience, and are benefitting from the economic growth that comes with revenue generated. In traditional tourism models, most of the money in package tours will go to airlines, hotels, and other international countries. But with an eco hotel created for ecotourism purposes, they are more likely to hire and purchase locally thus, putting more money back into the local economy.
On the other side, ecotourism developments are frequently financed by foreign investors who are likely seeking untapped markets. There is a sense that ecotourism further commodities natural resources, and reserves.
Biodiversity and South Africa
South Africa is extremely biodiverse, with 858 species of birds and 299 species of mammals. South Africa and seventeen other countries are considered mega diverse which means those countries contain 70% of the planet's biodiversity. South Africa's unique geography allows the country to support such a diverse population of plants and animals. It is important to protect biodiversity in South Africa because people still rely on natural resources for food and medicine. Plants and flowers are widely used as traditional forms of medicine and treatment for common ailments. The Western Cape of South Africa has 8,000 plant species and 7 out of 10 of them exist nowhere else on earth. Some of these plants are currently being researched for treatment of HIV patients.
Protecting the biodiversity of South Africa is important for maintaining the integrity of the ecosystems, and also protecting the health and wellbeing of South African people. Eco-tourism ecotourism has the capacity to promote conservation of biodiversity, and also has the capacity for disruption of wildlife and damage to the environment. The nature of these impacts varies according to the type of ecotourism activities and how the tourism operators meet the tourists' expectations.
Conservation and South Africa
Some critics say that the potential benefits of ecotourism might be offset by the limited viewing preferences among tourists to protected nature reserves, meaning that most tourists are interested in seeing exciting mega-fauna that might not be as accessible. 'Fan favorites' in South Africa are the most popular species, particularly among first-time and overseas visitors, but African visitors and experienced wildlife viewers were more interested in bird and plant diversity, scenery, and rarer, less easily observed and/or less high-profile mammals. Many of the species that were most favored by ecotourists in South African are endangered/extinction prone and thus often absent from wildlife areas due to sensitivity to human encroachment and competition with more abundant species. Hence, ecotourism may provide incentives for the conservation of intact guilds, and management for ecotourism may align more closely with biodiversity conservation.
For some endangered species, but not all, ecotourism can extend expected survival time, but calculation outcomes vary depending on population parameters and starting sizes, predation, and ecotourism scale and mechanisms. However, tourism does not currently compensate over other major conservation threats associated with natural resource extractive industries.
Local Populations and Ecotourism in South Africa
Collaborative partnerships are what guide, or should guide any ecotourism efforts. Studies suggest that participation in ecotourism brings mixed results on biodiversity conservation and community livelihoods due to the involvement of multiple stakeholders in the design, planning, and implementation of ecotourism projects.
References
Tourism in South Africa
Ecotourism
Oving (historically , more recently ) is a village and also a civil parish within Aylesbury Vale district in Buckinghamshire, England. It is located about three and a half miles north east of Waddesdon, four miles south of Winslow.
The village name is Anglo Saxon in origin, and means 'Ufa's people'. In the Domesday Book of 1086 the village was recorded as Olvonge, though previously it was known as Ulfingas. In manorial records in the 13th century it became known as Vuinges.
Oving was described in 1806 in Magna Britannia as follows:
OVING, in the hundred of Ashendon and deanery of Wendover, lies about six miles north-west of Aylesbury, and about a mile to the west of the road from that town to Buckingham. The manor of Oving was purchased, in 1735, of the family of Collins, by Francis Tyringham esq. after whose death it devolved to his elder sister Parnell, wife of Charles Pilsworth esq. M.P. for Aylesbury, who resided at Oving. Some time after Mr. Pilsworth's death it was sold to the late Richard Hopkins esq. one of the lords Commissioners of the Treasury, and was bequeathed by him to Colonel Richard Northey, who has since taken the name of Hopkins in addition, and has now the rank of major-general. The manor-house being situated on the brow of a hill forms a conspicuous object in the vale of Aylesbury. Another manor in Oving has passed with North Marston, and is now held under Magdalen College, in Oxford, by Francis Wastie esq. The rectory is in the gift of the crown.
The small parish church is dedicated to 'All Saints'. The village contains some attractive cottages especially in New Road.
The village has one public house known as 'The Black Boy', a quaint half-timbered construction under a tiled roof built c. 1524. The inn is situated in Church Lane opposite the village green.
The village is host to one of the oldest football cups the Oving Villages Cup, which started in 1889 and persists today on the recreation ground on Bowling Alley. The origins of this street name are unknown although it is believed by some locals that the name originates from farming terminology as a route by which cattle would travel through the village.
The village is very community based with schemes such as Neighbourhood watch in place and regular council meetings. Mother and toddler groups, reading clubs, walking groups and youth clubs create a sense cohesion and community spirit.
References
External links
Villages in Buckinghamshire
Civil parishes in Buckinghamshire
Adam Lowitt is an American standup comedian, a four-time Emmy-winning, 6 time nominated co-executive producer and supervising producer for the news satire program The Daily Show. He performs regularly in New York and performed on Comedy Central as part of John Oliver's New York Stand-Up Show In 2012, Adam was selected to perform at the Just for Laughs Festival in Montreal as part of their New Faces Showcase. Adam often performs locally and has opened for other comedians he works with at The Daily Show. Starting December 2015, he is a contributor on The Daily Show. He was an Executive Producer on Sacha Baron Cohen's 2018 comedy series Who Is America?.
Awards
Personal life
Adam Lowitt went to Countryside High School in Clearwater, Florida and studied at the University of Florida. On September 13, 2014, Adam Lowitt married Becky Friedman. Becky is the head writer of Daniel Tiger's Neighborhood on PBS as well as a writer and editor for Out of the Blue Enterprises. Adam Lowitt lives in New York, New York with his wife.
References
American male comedians
21st-century American comedians
American television producers
Living people
University of Florida alumni
Primetime Emmy Award winners
Year of birth missing (living people)
Dongshanocaris is genus of Cambrian arthropod known for being a member of the Chengjiang biota, containing the single species D. foliiformis. It was described by Hou and Bergstrom in 1999. In 2013 Oxford University fellow David Legg described it as "too poorly preserved to verify their identity as a valid taxon"
See also
Cambrian explosion
List of Chengjiang Biota species by phylum
References
Cambrian animals
Maotianshan shales fossils
Prehistoric arthropod genera
Cambrian genus extinctions
Ghostpine Creek is a stream in Alberta, Canada.
The creek's name originates from an Indigenous ghost legend.
See also
List of rivers of Alberta
References
Rivers of Alberta
Divas of Disco is a live video album recorded on April 25, 2007, at Avalon, Hollywood, performed by CeCe Peniston, Thelma Houston, Linda Clifford, A Taste of Honey and France Joli. The whole concert was issued on CD in 2010.
The work was released in 2008 on ZYX Music for Europe, including bonus material (biographies and backstage interviews with singers), while in the United States on RSM Records in 2009.
Track listings
Credits and personnel
Linda Clifford - lead vocal
Janice Marie Johnson - lead vocal
Thelma Houston - lead vocal
France Joli - lead vocal
CeCe Peniston - lead vocal
Jean McClain - back vocal
Sabrina Sloan - back vocal
Reggie Thornton - dancer
Rodney Houston - dancer
Ed Roth - music director, piano
Bryant Simpson - bass guitar
Linda Taylor - guitar
Billy Steinway - keyboards
Mitch Waddell - audio remix
Damita Jo Freeman - choreography
Michael Chernow - executive producer
David Brainard - film director
Joel Huxtable - lighting director
Damon Gold - remote audio
Videolines - remote facility
Don Tartaro - production manager
Ann-Riley Caldwell - stage manager
Stephen Ford - talent coordinator
Robert Tarango - contractor
Alfonso Saldana - limo transportation
LaVerne Tate - hair
Rudy Calvo - make up
Allen Mercer - photography
CD release
Unlike the DVD album, its CD equivalent missed additional tracks ("Runaway Love" by Linda Clifford, "Love and Happiness" by Thelma Houston, and "Heart to Break the Heart" by France Joli).
The album included Peniston's two number-one dance hits in the US, "Finally" and "Keep On Walkin'", and her cover version of Donna Summer's 1978 hit song, "Last Dance".
"Keep On Walkin'" was earlier issued as the virtual lead track of the Peniston digital "EP Live", released by One Media Publishing in 2008. In addition, a three track EP was available in CD-r format since January 14, 2011.
Track listing
Credits and personnel
Linda Clifford - lead vocal
Janice Marie Johnson - lead vocal
Thelma Houston - lead vocal
France Joli - lead vocal
CeCe Peniston - lead vocal
Jean McClain - back vocal
Sabrina Sloan - back vocal
Ed Roth - music director, piano
Bryant Simpson - bass guitar
Linda Taylor - guitar
Billy Steinway - keyboards
Mitch Waddell - audio remix
References
General
Specific
2010 live albums
CeCe Peniston live albums
CeCe Peniston video albums
Thelma Houston albums
France Joli albums
A Taste of Honey (band) albums
Amanda Bresnan (born 4 December 1971) is an Australian politician and a member of the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly. Bresnan was elected to the ACT Legislative Assembly representing the electorate of Brindabella for the ACT Greens at the 2008 election and defeated at the 2012 election
Early life and education
Amanda Bresnan was raised in Brisbane and studied at Griffith University. She moved to Canberra to work in policy development in the public and community sectors. Initially, Bresnan entered the ACT Government's Graduate Program and later became a senior policy officer in ACT Health. She went on to become policy manager for the Consumers' Health Forum of Australia and the director of policy at the Mental Health Council of Australia.
Political career
Bresnan ran for election for the electorate of Molonglo in the 2004 ACT Election representing the ACT Greens. She was unsuccessful in winning a seat in the multi-member electorate. However, the Greens' lead candidate, Deb Foskey, was elected.
In the 2007 Australian federal election, Bresnan ran for the House of Representatives seat of Canberra, again representing the Australian Greens. The candidature of Bresnan and Meredith Hunter for the House of Representatives was part of an extensive campaign in the ACT to elect Kerrie Tucker end coalition control of the Australian Senate immediately after the election, as territory Senators take their place at this time as opposed to their state counterparts in the following July. The ACT holds two seats with only three-year terms, so a larger quota than normal is required for election. Despite a swing of 5.1 percent to the Greens on 21.5 percent, their best result in any state or territory, the party fell narrowly short.
In June 2008, the ACT Greens announced that Bresnan would again stand for election, this time in Brindabella, at the upcoming election. Independent polling released in October suggested the Green vote had doubled to tripled since the last election at the expense of Labor, with the Liberal vote remaining relatively unchanged. Commentators predicted the Greens would hold the balance of power and decide who forms government. The Greens stated they were willing to court both major parties. At the close of counting on election night, with 82.1 per cent of the vote counted, Labor had obtained 37.6 per cent of the vote across the ACT, with the Liberals at 31.1 per cent and the Greens at 15.8 per cent. Swings were recorded against both the Labor (-9.3 per cent) and Liberal (-3.7 per cent) parties with a +6.6 per cent swing towards the Greens. This resulted in the election of Bresnan, Meredith Hunter, Shane Rattenbury and Caroline Le Couteur. Rattenbury became the sole member for the Greens in 2012 as the rest of the Greens MLAs were defeated.
Parliamentary career
While in parliament, Bresnan held the portfolios of Health, Mental Health, Transport, Disability, Housing, Ageing, Multicultural Affairs, Industrial Relations and Corrections. She was also the ACT Greens' Party Whip.
See also
2008 Australian Capital Territory general election
Members of the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly, 2008–2012
External links
Amanda Bresnan: Official Website and Newsfeed
Amanda Bresnan: Parliamentary Website and Information
Amanda Bresnan's Inaugural Speech
References
1971 births
Australian Greens members of the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly
Living people
Members of the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly
21st-century Australian politicians
Zhenping Road () is the name of an interchange station on the Shanghai Metro. It serves Lines 3, 4 and 7. The station typically handles 108,000 passengers on weekdays.
The station is located in Putuo District, Shanghai, and opened on 26 December 2000 as part of the initial section of Line 3 from to , and Line 4 service began here on the final day of 2005. The interchange with Line 7 opened along with the first section of that line from to on 5 December 2009.
Station Layout
References
Railway stations in Shanghai
Shanghai Metro stations in Putuo District
Line 3, Shanghai Metro
Line 4, Shanghai Metro
Line 7, Shanghai Metro
Railway stations in China opened in 2000
In relativity, rapidity is commonly used as a measure for relativistic velocity. Mathematically, rapidity can be defined as the hyperbolic angle that differentiates two frames of reference in relative motion, each frame being associated with distance and time coordinates.
For one-dimensional motion, rapidities are additive whereas velocities must be combined by Einstein's velocity-addition formula. For low speeds, rapidity and velocity are proportional but, for higher velocities, rapidity takes a larger value, with the rapidity of light being infinite.
Using the inverse hyperbolic function , the rapidity corresponding to velocity is where c is the velocity of light. For low speeds, is approximately . Since in relativity any velocity is constrained to the interval the ratio satisfies . The inverse hyperbolic tangent has the unit interval for its domain and the whole real line for its image; that is, the interval maps onto .
History
In 1908 Hermann Minkowski explained how the Lorentz transformation could be seen as simply a hyperbolic rotation of the spacetime coordinates, i.e., a rotation through an imaginary angle. This angle therefore represents (in one spatial dimension) a simple additive measure of the velocity between frames. The rapidity parameter replacing velocity was introduced in 1910 by Vladimir Varićak and by E. T. Whittaker. The parameter was named rapidity by Alfred Robb (1911) and this term was adopted by many subsequent authors, such as Silberstein (1914), Morley (1936) and Rindler (2001).
Area of a hyperbolic sector
The quadrature of the hyperbola xy = 1 by Gregoire de Saint-Vincent established the natural logarithm as the area of a hyperbolic sector, or an equivalent area against an asymptote. In spacetime theory, the connection of events by light divides the universe into Past, Future, or Elsewhere based on a Here and Now . On any line in space, a light beam may be directed left or right. Take the x-axis as the events passed by the right beam and the y-axis as the events of the left beam. Then a resting frame has time along the diagonal x = y. The rectangular hyperbola xy = 1 can be used to gauge velocities (in the first quadrant). Zero velocity corresponds to (1,1). Any point on the hyperbola has coordinates where w is the rapidity, and is equal to the area of the hyperbolic sector from (1,1) to these coordinates. Many authors refer instead to the unit hyperbola using rapidity for parameter, as in the standard spacetime diagram. There the axes are measured by clock and meter-stick, more familiar benchmarks, and the basis of spacetime theory. So the delineation of rapidity as hyperbolic parameter of beam-space is a reference to the seventeenth century origin of our precious transcendental functions, and a supplement to spacetime diagramming.
In one spatial dimension
The rapidity arises in the linear representation of a Lorentz boost as a vector-matrix product
.
The matrix is of the type with and satisfying , so that lies on the unit hyperbola. Such matrices form the indefinite orthogonal group O(1,1) with one-dimensional Lie algebra spanned by the anti-diagonal unit matrix, showing that the rapidity is the coordinate on this Lie algebra. This action may be depicted in a spacetime diagram. In matrix exponential notation, can be expressed as , where is the negative of the anti-diagonal unit matrix
It is not hard to prove that
.
This establishes the useful additive property of rapidity: if , and are frames of reference, then
where denotes the rapidity of a frame of reference relative to a frame of reference . The simplicity of this formula contrasts with the complexity of the corresponding velocity-addition formula.
As we can see from the Lorentz transformation above, the Lorentz factor identifies with
,
so the rapidity is implicitly used as a hyperbolic angle in the Lorentz transformation expressions using and β. We relate rapidities to the velocity-addition formula
by recognizing
and so
Proper acceleration (the acceleration 'felt' by the object being accelerated) is the rate of change of rapidity with respect to proper time (time as measured by the object undergoing acceleration itself). Therefore, the rapidity of an object in a given frame can be viewed simply as the velocity of that object as would be calculated non-relativistically by an inertial guidance system on board the object itself if it accelerated from rest in that frame to its given speed.
The product of and appears frequently, and is from the above arguments
Exponential and logarithmic relations
From the above expressions we have
and thus
or explicitly
The Doppler-shift factor associated with rapidity is .
In more than one spatial dimension
The relativistic velocity is associated to the rapidity of an object via
where the vector is thought of as Cartesian coordinates on the 3-dimensional subspace of the Lie algebra of the Lorentz group spanned by the boost generators – in complete analogy with the one-dimensional case discussed above – and velocity space is represented by the open ball with radius since . The latter follows from that is a limiting velocity in relativity (with units in which ).
The general formula for composition of rapidities is
where refers to relativistic velocity addition and is a unit vector in the direction of . This operation is not commutative nor associative. Rapidities with directions inclined at an angle have a resultant norm (ordinary Euclidean length) given by the hyperbolic law of cosines,
The geometry on rapidity space is inherited from the hyperbolic geometry on velocity space via the map stated. This geometry, in turn, can be inferred from the addition law of relativistic velocities. Rapidity in two dimensions can thus be usefully visualized using the Poincaré disk. Geodesics correspond to steady accelerations. Rapidity space in three dimensions can in the same way be put in isometry with the hyperboloid model (isometric to the -dimensional Poincaré disk (or ball)). This is detailed in geometry of Minkowski space.
The addition of two rapidities results not only in a new rapidity; the resultant total transformation is the composition of the transformation corresponding to the rapidity given above and a rotation parametrized by the vector ,
where the physicist convention for the exponential mapping is employed. This is a consequence of the commutation rule
where are the generators of rotation. This is related to the phenomenon of Thomas precession. For the computation of the parameter , the linked article is referred to.
In experimental particle physics
The energy and scalar momentum of a particle of non-zero (rest) mass are given by:
With the definition of
and thus with
the energy and scalar momentum can be written as:
So, rapidity can be calculated from measured energy and momentum by
However, experimental particle physicists often use a modified definition of rapidity relative to a beam axis
where is the component of momentum along the beam axis. This is the rapidity of the boost along the beam axis which takes an observer from the lab frame to a frame in which the particle moves only perpendicular to the beam. Related to this is the concept of pseudorapidity.
Rapidity relative to a beam axis can also be expressed as
See also
Bondi k-calculus
Lorentz transformation
Pseudorapidity
Proper velocity
Theory of relativity
Remarks
Notes and references
Varićak V (1910), (1912), (1924) See Vladimir Varićak#Publications
Borel E (1913) La théorie de la relativité et la cinématique, Comptes Rendus Acad Sci Paris 156 215-218; 157 703-705
Vladimir Karapetoff (1936)"Restricted relativity in terms of hyperbolic functions of rapidities", American Mathematical Monthly 43:70.
Frank Morley (1936) "When and Where", The Criterion, edited by T.S. Eliot, 15:200-2009.
Wolfgang Rindler (2001) Relativity: Special, General, and Cosmological, page 53, Oxford University Press.
Shaw, Ronald (1982) Linear Algebra and Group Representations, v. 1, page 229, Academic Press .
(see page 17 of e-link)
Special relativity
Atavist is the fifth studio album by American metal band Otep. The album was released on 26 April 2011 through Victory Records. This is the first album to not feature long-time bassist Jason "eViL j" McGuire who left the band on September 30, 2010.
Recording
Otep commented on their approach to the album's recording process; “Going into recording ATAVIST I wanted to feel, not think. I wanted to allow my subconscious to take over and let it guide me. I wanted to be a bit more primitive and emotional in sound and approach and I think I conquered that. I'm very proud of it."
Songs
We Dream Like Lions
Otep discussed the song in an interview to Metal Riot;I was watching a documentary about all the recent suicides of Gay and Lesbian teenagers due to bullying. Matthew Shepard was one of the people that showed up in the documentary. The song started out inspired by those events, and I use “inspired loosely”…a reaction to those events. I didn't wanna just write a sad, sad song. I wanted to write a song that inspires people who know what it feels like to be bullied, who know what it feels like to be pushed around or left aside or excluded. I wanted to honor those people who continue to dream like Lions and will never allow anyone to define them or their place in society. I wanted to write something beautiful, because that's how it made me feel to read the stories of survivors."
Not to Touch the Earth
"Not to Touch the Earth" is a cover of The Doors, from their album Waiting For The Sun. Otep has cited The Doors as an inspiration for the band. "That song for me fits the record 100%. The producer and I, Ulrich Wild, he helped transform that song from a 60's hippy transcendental song into an edgy, transcendental modern hard rock song. If the Doors were a current band, what would that song sound like now? That's the approach we tried to take. Preserve the spirit of what they were creating but take it into a new place as well.”
Release and promotion
On March 8, Otep Shamaya shared the track titles "Atom to Adam", "Blood of Saints", "Remember to Forget", and "We Dream Like Lions" via Facebook and Twitter.
On March 15, Otep Shamaya shared the track title "Not to Touch the Earth" via Twitter at 8PM PST. The track is a cover of The Doors song of the same name.
On March 21, Victory Records launched an audio stream of the song "Drunk on the Blood of Saints".
The first single from the album, "Fists Fall", made its debut on Full Metal Jackie Radio on March 26. On March 29, the single was available to purchase separately or as a bundle along with the song "Not to Touch the Earth" on iTunes.
On April 16, 2011, the entire album was available to stream :30 and 1:30 previews of all songs via iTunes.
Track listing
Deluxe Edition DVD
Baby's Breath (A Short Film)
Spiritual Intercourse (Inside the Mind of Otep Shamaya)
Alchemy & Atavism
Smash The Control Machine (Music Video)
Rise, Rebel, Resist (Music Video)
Run for Cover (Music Video)
Personnel
Otep Shamaya - vocals (all tracks)
Gil Sharone - drums (all tracks)
Markus Estrada - guitars (2–5, 7, 9, 12)
Ulrich Wild - keyboards/guitar (2, 4, 5, 10, 11)
Collyn McCoy - bass guitar (2, 5–7, 9, 10, 12)
Tony Campos - bass guitar (3, 4)
Rani Sharone - guitars (6, 10)
Credits
Mastering - Dave Collins
Photography - Djosefin Maurer
Layout - Doublej
Package Design - Doublej
Illustrations - Joey James Hernandez
Art Direction - Otep
Assistant - Raider
Engineer - Ulrich Wild
Mixing - Ulrich Wild
Producer - Ulrich Wild
References
2011 albums
Otep albums
Victory Records albums
Albums produced by Ulrich Wild
Supakit Niamkong (), formerly Phudit, born 9 January 1988, is a Thai professional footballer who plays as a forward.
References
at Soccerway
1988 births
Living people
Supakit Niamkong
Association football forwards
Supakit Niamkong
Supakit Niamkong
Supakit Niamkong
Supakit Niamkong
Supakit Niamkong
Ignace Mobarak (26 September 1876 in Rismayya, Lebanon – 19 May 1958 in Beirut, Lebanon) was an Archeparch of the Maronite Catholic Archeparchy of Beirut.
Life
In 1876 Ignace Mobarak was born in present-day Lebanon. On June 29, 1901 Mobarak received at the age of 25 years his ordination to the priesthood.
At the age of 42 years, on February 23, 1919 he was named Archbishop of Beirut. The solemn consecration took place on 2 March 1919 by the hands of the Maronite Patriarch of Antioch, Elias Peter Hoayek. On 20 January 1952 Archeparch Mobarak renounce of his office and at the same time he was appointed Titular bishop of Gabala.
After a total of 57 years as a priest and 39 years as a bishop in the pastoral service, Ignace Mobarak died at the age of 81 years, on May 19, 1958 in Beirut.
References
External links
http://www.catholic-hierarchy.org/bishop/bmoba.html
1876 births
1958 deaths
Lebanese Maronites
20th-century Maronite Catholic bishops
Sinnett may refer to:
Alfred Percy Sinnett (1840–1921), English author and Theosophist
Lawrence C. Sinnett (1888–1962), Seaman in the United States Navy, Medal of Honor recipient
Thomas P. Sinnett (1880–1967), member of the Illinois House of Representatives
Sinnett Octagon House, historic octagonal house in Muscatine, Iowa built in 1855
The Mahatma Letters to A.P. Sinnett, book published in 1923 by A. Trevor Barker
See also
Scinet (disambiguation)
Sennet (disambiguation)
Sennett (disambiguation)
Sinnott
Lobo, in comics, may refer to:
Lobo (DC Comics), the alien bounty hunter
Lobo (Dell Comics), the African-American comic book character
Lobo the Duck, an Amalgam Comics fusion of DC's Lobo and Marvel's Howard the Duck
It may also refer to:
Lobo Brothers, two Marvel Comics werewolves
Maximus Lobo, a Marvel Comics character
See also
Lobo (disambiguation)
Forest Grove School No. 5 is an historic building located near Bettendorf, Iowa, United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2013.
History
The one-room schoolhouse was built in 1873 after Pleasant Valley subdistrict No. 5 was formed. It was one of five subdistricts created in Pleasant Valley Township. The building was constructed and furnished for $1,500. The schoolhouse originally featured a cupola and a bell, which have subsequently been removed. It was one of five schools in Pleasant Valley Township.
The students who attended the school lived within in rural Scott County. Children from age 5 to about 13 or 14 were educated by a single teacher. There were generally about 30 students at a time, however, many older boys only attended school in the winter when there was less of a need for them on the farm. Children in Iowa were not legally obligated to attend school until 1902. Many of the teachers stayed for one year, but a few stayed for extended periods of time. Subjects that were taught included English, math, reading, writing, spelling, geography, and history. Books were purchased from a local merchant in Princeton. School was in session from Labor Day to Memorial Day. There were few days off during the school year and there were no days off because of snow. A program was held at Christmas time and a picnic was held on the last day of school in the spring.
The school closed in 1957 and the property was bought by Delbert and Jeannette Blunk who farmed the adjacent property. Delbert Blunk attended school here in the 1930s as did his oldest two boys. The property was acquired by Forest Grove School Preservation, who are working to restore the building to its 1920 appearance. Their plans include opening a museum for children to learn about rural education.
Of the five one-room schoolhouses in the township, this is the only one that remains in its original form. One was destroyed by fire, one was torn down, and two were converted into residences.
Description
The historic designation includes five resources on a triangular lot that is less than in size. The two contributing buildings include the 1873 schoolhouse and a small garage/fuel shed to the northeast of the school. The contributing objects include two swing sets, one on either side of the building, and a pole from the Giant Stride, a popular early 20th-century playground feature. The swing set on the west side of the schoolhouse is located between two burr oak trees, which are all that remains from a grove of about 15 trees from which the school received its name. The remnants of the school's well are located in front of the building and that of an outhouse to the northwest of the schoolhouse.
Restoration
Renovation of the building began in 2012. Cedar Rapids architect Doug Steinmetz drew up the plans for the project. In 2014 a new furnace and a cedar shake roof were installed. By the end of 2015 a new concrete block foundation was constructed, wood siding was either replaced or maintained and painted. Eight replica replacement windows were put in place, and a new front door created by Carver Custom Millworks of Milan, Illinois, was installed. A new chimney, while not functional, was built on the north side with salvaged bricks to enhance the building's 1920s appearance. On September 6, 2016 a replica bell tower, made by LeClaire, Iowa carpenter Ben Taylor, was put in place. The tower contains the school's original bell.
The restoration project was featured in the National Trust for Historic Preservation's magazine, Preservation, in 2018.
References
School buildings completed in 1873
Buildings and structures in Scott County, Iowa
Bettendorf, Iowa
One-room schoolhouses in Iowa
Defunct schools in Iowa
School buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
National Register of Historic Places in Scott County, Iowa
Italianate architecture in Iowa
Kijevo is a village and municipality in the Dalmatian hinterland, southeast of Knin in the Šibenik-Knin County of Croatia.
The population of the municipality is 417 (2011), with 100% declaring themselves as Croats and Roman Catholics.
Kijevo is an underdeveloped municipality which is statistically classified as the First Category Area of Special State Concern by the Government of Croatia.
Location
Kijevo lies underneath the Dinara mountain, near the source of river Cetina. It is located on the State route D1 between towns of Vrlika and Knin.
History
Thirty-four people from Kijevo died in the World War I.
In World War II, Kijevo became part of the Independent State of Croatia fascist puppet state ruled by Nazi Germany and Italy. In the spring of 1942, the town was liberated by Yugoslav Partisans. The attack resulted in approximately half the village population fleeing the village, and resettling in Slavonia and Syrmia. On January 27, 1943, Kijevo was attacked by Chetniks at a time when there was no military defence in the town, resulting in the deaths of 45 civilians. A total of 209 people from Kijevo died during the war.
Kijevo gained infamy during the Croatian War of Independence in 1990 and 1991 when it became the site of the 1991 siege of Kijevo, which involved the Yugoslav People's Army under Ratko Mladić and the forces of SAO Krajina under Milan Martić who encircled the Croat-inhabited village, defended by an isolated outpost of the Croatian Police. By the end of the year, the enclave was attacked and overrun and the bulk of the population left after the artillery had destroyed much of their settlements. The ethnic cleansing of Croats in Kijevo was later prosecuted by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia.
References
External links
Official site
Municipalities of Croatia
Populated places in Šibenik-Knin County
Coccothrinax victorini is a palm which is endemic to eastern Cuba.
Henderson and colleagues consider Coccothrinax inaguensis to be a possible conspecific with this species. If that is the case, the older name, Coccothrinax victorini would replace the better known C. inaguensis.
References
victorini
Trees of Cuba
Plants described in 1939
Flying: The Early Years 1970–1973 is a compilation album by the British rock band UFO.
The compilation is the digitally remastered edition of 3 albums compiled to a double disc set. These recording encompass the complete Decca/Nova years from 1972–73 and the albums UFO 1, UFO 2 (a.k.a. Flying) and UFO Live. In addition to all of these tracks is the non-LP single, "Galactic Love" and its b-side, "Loving Cup", edited from the UFO Live album.
Track listing
Disc 1
"Unidentified Flying Object"
"Boogie for George"
"C'Mon Everybody"
"Shake It All About"
"Timothy"
"Treacle People"
"Evil"
"Loving Cup" (BBC Session)
"Follow You Home" (BBC Session)
"Come Away (Melinda)" (BBC Session)
"Prince Kajuku"
"Coming of Prince Kajuku"
"Star Storm"
Disc 2
"Silver Bird"
"Flying"
"C'Mon Everybody" (live)
"Who Do You Love?" (live) (Ellas McDaniel)
"Prince Kajuku/Coming of Prince Kajuku" (live)
"Boogie for George" (live)
"Follow You Home" (live)
"Galactic Love" (single)
"Loving Cup" (B-Side)
2004 compilation albums
UFO (band) compilation albums
Castle Communications compilation albums
Herman Miller (November 10, 1919 – April 18, 1999) was a Hollywood film writer and producer.
Biography
Miller was born on November 10th, 1919 in New York City, to Morris Miller (1871-1947) and Esther Booke (1881-1933). He was of Polish Jewish descent. Miller pursued both undergraduate and graduate studies at the University of Southern California, where he received his B.A. in 1950 and M.F.A. in 1952.
The television show Kung Fu (1972–1975) was developed by Miller. He was a co-producer for the series and wrote the first three episodes (King of the Mountain, Dark Angel, and Blood Brother).
Miller was responsible for the story of the 1968 feature film Coogan's Bluff starring Clint Eastwood. He co-wrote the screenplay with Dean Riesner and Howard Rodman . Miller's work on this film is credited with inspiring the television show McCloud. Miller also wrote for a number of television series including Daniel Boone and MacGyver. He wrote the play, The Ulysses Complex – and Penelope Not So Simple Either, which was performed Off-Broadway during the 1980s.
He died at the age of 79 on April 18, 1999 in Los Angeles.
Select filmography
Houston Knights (1987)
MacGyver (1985)
Mickey Spillane's Mike Hammer (1984)
Knight Rider (1982)
Man from Atlantis (1977)
Search for the Gods (1975)
Kung Fu (1972–1975)
Coogan's Bluff (1968)
The Violent Ones (1967)
Daniel Boone (1964)
The Virginian (1962)
The Beverly Hillbillies (1962)
Rawhide (1959)
Awards
1972: Writers Guild of America Award for Best Drama – King of the Mountain, Kung Fu.''
Obituaries
Variety obituary
USC Magazine, Autumn 1999, obituary (scroll down to 1950)
References
External links
tv.com
1919 births
1999 deaths
American film producers
American male screenwriters
University of Southern California alumni
Writers Guild of America Award winners
20th-century American male writers
20th-century American screenwriters
Toast of Tampa Show Chorus is an a cappella, female-only chorus, composed of 100 women singers of all ages. The non-profit group, a chapter of Sweet Adelines International, competes and performs around the world, and is considered locally to be among the best barbershop music choruses in the world.
History
Toast of Tampa was founded in 1987 as a vehicle for women to sing in four part harmony and express their love of music.
Chorus overview
The chorus is composed of women from a variety of personal and professional backgrounds, from working women, stay-at-home mothers, students, and retirees. Some are professional musicians, though most are passionate amateurs. Musical training is not a pre-requisite, auditions are required to join.
The chorus sings and dances together, and some members also perform in quartets, including Viva! (Sweet Adelines International 2019 2nd place medalist). On Valentine's Day, many quartets deliver singing telegrams.
Tony De Rosa, is the chorus's Master 700 Director. He is a four-time Barbershop Harmony Society International Gold Medalist who sang with 1992 champion Keepsake, 2000 champion Platinum, 2007 champion Max Q, and (currently) 2017 champion Main Street He also directs the Barbershop Harmony Society's Tampa Bay Heralds of Harmony. In 2013 was named a level Master 700 Director in the Director Certification Program (DCP) of Sweet Adelines.
Rehearsals are held in Tampa, and chorus members come from all over the state of Florida.
In October, 2014, several chorus members joined fellow singers from the Big Orange Chorus, and Tampa Bay Heralds of Harmony, on a trip to Great Britain where they performed at Bath Abbey, King's College Cambridge University, and numerous other churches.
References
Sweet Adelines International
American choirs
A cappella musical groups
Zimornitsa Peak (, ) is the peak rising to 1600 m in Maglenik Heights, north-central Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica. It is overlooking Kopsis Glacier to the northwest and Young Glacier to the southeast.
The peak is named after the settlement of Zimornitsa in Southern Bulgaria.
Location
Zimornitsa Peak is located at , which is 7.9 km northeast of Mount Gozur, 11.43 km southeast of Fucha Peak, 3.46 km southwest of Mirovyane Peak and 17.87 km northwest of Mount Besch. US mapping in 1961, updated in 1988.
Maps
Vinson Massif. Scale 1:250 000 topographic maps. Reston, Virginia: US Geological Survey, 1988.
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly updated.
Notes
References
Zimornitsa Peak. SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer.
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
External links
Zimornitsa Peak. Copernix satellite image
Ellsworth Mountains
Mountains of Ellsworth Land
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Robert Gordon "Porky" Brown (1927 – December 20, 1987) was an award-winning and all-star guard in the Canadian Football League.
A native of Victoria, Brown was winner of the 1950 Dr. Beattie Martin Trophy for Canadian rookie of the year in the west. He went on to a 10-season professional football career with the Calgary Stampeders (he sat out 1952) and was named an all-star in 1953.
References
1927 births
1987 deaths
Calgary Stampeders players
Canadian Football League Rookie of the Year Award winners
Players of Canadian football from British Columbia
Sportspeople from Victoria, British Columbia
Eleftherios "Lefteris" Bochoridis (Greek: Ελευθέριος "Λευτέρης" Μποχωρίδης; born April 18, 1994) is a Greek professional basketball player for Panathinaikos of the Greek Basket League and the EuroLeague. Born in Thessaloniki, Greece, he is a left-handed, 1.96 m (6 ft 5 in) tall combo guard.
Early career
As a younger player, Bochoridis was speculated and compared by some as being a possible successor to fellow Greek player Dimitris Diamantidis in the future, but never quite lived up to those great expectations.
Professional career
Bochoridis began his pro career with the Greek League club Aris in 2010. With Aris, he played in the final game of the Greek Cup in 2014. Bochoridis' player rights were then sold to the Greek club Panathinaikos in July 2014, for €350,000 euros.
On July 29, 2014, Panathinaikos announced the signing of Bochoridis to a 5-year deal. The first statement of Bochoridis as a player of Panathinaikos, was that he was playing at the highest European level, and that he would do his best for the team. In his first season with Panathinaikos, he won the 2015 edition of the Greek Cup.
On September 23, 2015, he suffered a fractured fibula in a friendly game against Partizan, and he was subsequently ruled out of game action for at least a period of three months time. On 17 January 2016, he returned to action in a Greek League game, in a home win against his former club, Aris, which his team won by a score of 80–59. During the post-game press conference, Bochoridis stated that he was satisfied because of his return, and that he would do his best to help the team. In his second and third seasons with Panathinaikos, he won the 2016 edition and 2017 edition of the Greek Cup. With Panathinaikos, he also won the Greek League 2016–17 season championship.
He returned to Aris in December of 2017. On July 28, 2018, Bochoridis renewed his contract with Aris and was named team captain.
On July 23, 2020, Bochoridis made his return to Panathinaikos after two and a half years. He averaged 4.4 points, 1.8 rebounds and 2.2 assists, in under 16 minutes per EuroLeague contest.
On July 26, 2021, he renewed his contract with the Greens for another year.
In 30 league games, he averaged 4.8 points, 1.8 rebounds and 1.5 assists, playing around 14 minutes per contest. Additionally, in 19 EuroLeague games, he averaged 2.1 points, 1 rebound and 1.3 assists, playing around 11 minutes per contest. On August 2, 2022, he re-signed for another season, his sixth overall with the club.
National team career
Greek junior national team
Bochoridis played with the junior national teams of Greece, at the 2011 FIBA Europe Under-18 Championship, and the 2012 FIBA Europe Under-18 Championship. He also played at both the 2013 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship, and the 2014 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship.
Greek senior national team
Bochoridis first became a member of the senior Greek national basketball team in 2018. He played at the 2019 FIBA World Cup qualification.
Career statistics
EuroLeague
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2014–15
| style="text-align:left;"| Panathinaikos
| 15 || 2 || 10.0 || .400 || .455 || .333 || 1.0 || 1.3 || 0.2 || .0 || 2.0 || 1.3
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2015–16
| style="text-align:left;"| Panathinaikos
| 2 || 0 || 5.3 || .000 || .000 || 1.000 || .0 || 0.5 || .0 || .0 || 1.0 || 1.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2016–17
| style="text-align:left;"| Panathinaikos
| 7 || 0 || 4.1 || .200 || .750 || .500 || .1 || .0 || .0 || .0 || 1.7 || .1
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan=2| Career
| 17 || 2 || 9.0 || .400 || .455 || .600 || 0.6 || 1.2 || 0.2 || .0 || 1.9 || 1.3
Awards and accomplishments
Greek League Champion: (2017)
4× Greek Cup Winner: (2015, 2016, 2017, 2021)
3× Greek League All Star: (2018, 2019, 2020)
References
External links
Euroleague.net Profile
FIBA Profile
FIBA Europe Profile
Eurobasket.com Profile
Greek Basket League Profile
NBADraft.net Profile
Draftexpress.com Profile
Eurohopes.com Profile
Instagram Profile
1994 births
Living people
Aris B.C. players
Greek men's basketball players
Panathinaikos B.C. players
Point guards
Shooting guards
Basketball players from Thessaloniki
The Capua leg is an artificial leg, found in a grave in Capua, Italy. Dating from 300 BC, the leg is one of the earliest known prosthetic limbs. The limb was kept at the Royal College of Surgeons in London, but was destroyed in World War II during an air raid. A copy of the limb is held at the Science Museum, London.
Bibliography
Von Brunn, Walther: Der Stelzfuß von Capua und die antiken Prothesen. In: Archiv für Geschichte der Medizin. Vol. 18, No. 4 (1. November 1926). Stuttgart: Steiner, 1926, pp. 351–360.
Bliquez, Lawrence J.: Prosthetics in Classical Antiquity: Greek, Etruscan, and Roman Prosthetics. In: Haase, Wolfgang; Temproini, Hildegard (ed.): Aufstieg und Niedergang der römischen Welt. Teil II: Principat, Vol. 37.3. Berlin / New York: De Gruyter, 1996, pp. 2640–2676.
References
Prosthetics
Archaeological artifacts
ADAMA Ltd. (Hebrew: אדמה בע"מ ; Chinese: 安道麦), formerly known as Makhteshim-Agan, is a crop protection company.
Overview
Together with its wholly owned subsidiary, Adama Agricultural Solutions Ltd., ADAMA manufacturers and retails herbicides, insecticides and fungicides. The company has research and development (R&D) and manufacturing facilities in various locations worldwide, with two main centers in Israel and China. It is traded on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and is headquartered in Ashdod City, Israel. In 2017, Adama Agricultural Solutions Ltd. was acquired by Hubei Sanonda Co. Ltd., a Chinese agro-chemical producer and partially owned subsidiary of ChemChina.
History
Agan was founded in 1949 as a cooperative, while Makhteshim was created in 1952. In 1973 Agan and Makhteshim partnered to distribute their products and 24 years later merged to form Makhteshim Agan Industries Ltd. In October 2011 ChemChina acquired a 60% stake in Makhteshim Agan, delisting from the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange. In 2014, the company changed its name to Adama.
In June 2017 the China Securities Regulatory Commission approved the acquisition of the remaining 40% of shares by ChemChina, making it the sole owner of the company through its Hubei Sandona Co. Ltd. subsidiary. Since August 2017 ADAMA has traded on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and in January 2018 was included in the Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect.
Sales and operations
ADAMA sells its products in approximately 100 countries through 60 subsidiary companies around the world. In 2019, ADAMA reported sales of $3.997 billion, EBITDA of $656 million, a net income of $208 million and operating income of $410 million.
ADAMA has chemical synthesis production facilities in Israel, China and Brazil; formulation facilities in Israel, China, India, Europe, North America and South America; and R&D facilities in Israel, China and India.
References
External links
ADAMA website
Chemical companies of Israel
Agriculture companies of Israel
Multinational companies
1945 establishments
Manufacturing companies based in Tel Aviv
ChemChina
Abdul Quayyum Raja is an AJK (Azad Jammu & Kashmir or what in international terms is described as Pakistani-administered Kashmir) born man, who is a social and political reformer, and founder chairman of International Solidarity and Peace Initiative for Kashmir. He lectured several universities including Istanbul Uni on a peaceful solution to Jammu Kashmir. He got a Master in social sciences and diploma of journalism from London. He authored several books including Islamic diplomacy and human rights and also translated several books. He regularly writes a column titled "Haq-Gohi" meaning Speaking the Truth and occasionally contributes to local and international English dailies. He is well travelled. Raja served more than 22 years in UK prison extrajudicially, where he was kept in prison by the Home Secretary for an alleged involvement in the killing of an Indian diplomat. He was not found guilty of kidnapping while the sentence on killing was given secretly only to be quashed by the London High Court. He was still not released. Eventually, the European Court of Human Rights released Raja in 2005, on what appeared to be a politically motivated sentence, and removed the British Home Secretary's discretionary powers to interfere with the judiciary. The killer of the diplomat is still at large. He was kidnapped by a group of Kashmiris in an attempt to prevent the Indian government to hang the Maqbool Butt, the founding father of the independence movement of Jammu Kashmir.
Quayyum Raja disagrees over many things happening in both Indian and Pakistani controlled Jammu and Kashmir and demands the withdrawal of Indian and Pakistani troops from Jammu Kashmir. He has set up a Human Rights Commission demanding social, political, educational and legal reforms in Pakistani controlled Jammu Kashmir. He has successfully forced the AJK Assembly to introduce the AJK textbook board and has now taken the government to High Court for not allowing Kashmir Study to be taught in Pakistan administered Kashmir. Although he believes in a peaceful struggle, he suggests there is no peace without justice, coining a slogan: "Peace With Justice."
References
1956 births
Living people
People convicted of murder by England and Wales
Prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment by England and Wales
Thomas Lovell Buzzard MD FRCP (24 August 1831 – 1 January 1919) was a Victorian English doctor who worked at the National Hospital, Queen Square. He was a pioneering neurologist who founded an epilepsy society and wrote also on Parkinson's disease. One of the last doctors to be trained through the apprenticeship route, Buzzard witnessed the Crimean War and later was a role model for the famous painting The Doctor.
Early life
Buzzard was born in Cross Street, Hatton Garden, London on 24 August 1831. His father, George was a solicitor. After being educated at King's College School, Buzzard became apprentice to a doctor, before entering King's College Hospital and working for Sir William Fergusson as house surgeon.
Early surgical career
Buzzard assisted in the 1854 cholera epidemic in Soho, London. In 1855, he joined the British medical staff with the Ottoman Army and was present at the Siege of Sevastopol. He was also a special correspondent in the Crimea for the Daily News. For this, he was honored with the Crimea Medal with clasp, the Order of the Medjidie, and the Turkish war medal.
Neurology
Buzzard graduated as M.B, with the gold medal in surgery, in 1857, after returning from the Crimea. He spent the next six years in general practice in London and in contributing to the Daily News and the Lancet.
Recommended by John Hughlings Jackson, in 1867, Buzzard was appointed to the staff of the National Hospital for the Paralyzed and Epileptic. He is part responsible for the international reputation of ‘Queen Square' .
In 1891 he wrote On the simulation of hysteria by organic disease of the nervous system, and articles on neurology and allied subjects for Quain's Dictionary of Medicine.
Buzzard also wrote on paralysis agitans, the first article on Parkinson's disease in the journal Brain. He is considered a pioneer in neurology.
The United Kingdom's largest epilepsy society, The National Society for Epilepsy was founded in Buzzard's home in London in 1892. Its first mission was to establish an agricultural community where people with epilepsy could live and work.
Personal
Buzzard belonged to the Queen's Westminster Rifles from 1860 to 1867. He liked to travel and to paint with water-colours. Many of his friends were leading artists. Luke Fildes painting The Doctor is closely connected with Buzzard.
He married Isabel Wass in 1889, daughter of Joseph Wass, a noted Lead Smelter, of Lea Green in Derbyshire, and had two daughters and four sons, including Sir Edward Farquhar Buzzard, 1st Baronet, FRCP, who followed in his footsteps as physician to the National Hospital. His other sons were in the army, Lt Col Charles Norman Buzzard DSO CMG, Royal Artillery, Brigadier General Frances Anstie Buzzard DSO, Archibald Dougan Buzzard and daughters, Louisa and Dorothy.
Later life
Buzzard continued in practice until the age of seventy-nine, and published in his eighty-fifth year a book of his experiences in the Crimea. He died in London on 1 January 1919.
Selected publications
Clinical aspects of syphilitic nervous affections. J. & A. Churchill, London, 1874.
Clinical Lectures on Diseases of the Nervous System. J. & A. Churchill, London, 1882.
On some forms of paralysis from peripheral neuritis of gouty, alcoholic, diphtheritic, and other origin. J. & A. Churchill, London, 1886.
On the simulation of hysteria by organic disease of the nervous system. J. & A. Churchill, London, 1891.
With the Turkish Army in the Crimea and Asia Minor: A personal narrative. John Murray, London, 1915.
References
External links
The Fall of Sevastopol
19th-century British medical doctors
1831 births
1919 deaths
British neurologists
People educated at King's College School, London
Queen's Westminsters officers
Medical doctors from London
19th-century English medical doctors
Fellows of King's College London
Military personnel from London
Piedra Gorda is a barrio in the municipality of Camuy, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 1,846.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Piedra Gorda barrio was 895.
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
External links
Barrios of Camuy, Puerto Rico
Sétif is a former French département in Algeria which existed between 1957 and 1974.
Considered as a French province, Algeria was departmentalised on 9 December 1848, and thereby was administratively structured in the same way as metropolitan France. Three civil zones (départements) replaced the three beyliks into which the Ottoman former rulers had divided the territory. The easternmost of the three original Algerian departments was called Constantine. For over a century the town of Sétif, was a sub-prefecture in the département of Constantine: this changed in 1957.
On 20 May 1957 the Sétif sub-prefecture was split off and became a separate département, directly to the west of the now diminished département of Constantine. This administrative reorganisation was undertaken in response to the rapid population increase experienced across the territory, especially during the preceding decade.
The new largely mountainous département of Sétif covered an area of 17,405 km²: a population of 1,001,461 was recorded. The department comprised eight sub-prefectures: these were Akbou, Bordj Bou Arréridj, Bougie, Kherrata, Lafayette, M'Sila, Sidi-Aïch and Saint Arnaud.
The 1957 departmental reorganisation was marked by a change in the "suffix" number appearing on automobile license plates and in other places that used the same code. Until 1957, as part of the département of Constantine, Sétif was identified by the department number "93": after 1957 the département of Sétif became department number "9J". (In 1968, under a law enacted in 1964, the number "93" would be reallocated to a new département comprising the northern suburbs of Paris.)
After independence the department continued to exist until 1974 when it was split into Béjaïa Province, Jijel Province, M'Sila Province and Sétif Province.
See also
Départements français d'Algérie (not yet translated into English).
References
.
Former departments of France in Algeria
States and territories established in 1957
1957 establishments in Algeria
1962 disestablishments in Algeria
Sai Ying Pun is one of the 15 constituencies in the Central and Western District.
The constituency returns one district councillor to the Central and Western District Council, with an election every four years.
Sai Ying Pun constituency is loosely based on the northern part of Sai Ying Pun with estimated population of 14,815.
Councillors represented
Election results
2010s
2000s
1990s
1980s
Citations
References
2011 District Council Election Results (Central & Western)
2007 District Council Election Results (Central & Western)
2003 District Council Election Results (Central & Western)
1999 District Council Election Results (Central & Western)
Constituencies of Hong Kong
Constituencies of Central and Western District Council
Constituencies established in 1982
1982 establishments in Hong Kong
Constituencies disestablished in 1985
1985 disestablishments in Hong Kong
Constituencies established in 1994
1994 establishments in Hong Kong
Sai Ying Pun
John Pringle, Lord Haining ( – 19 August 1754) was a Scottish lawyer, politician, and judge. His ownership of a large estate near Selkirk secured him a seat in the Parliament of Scotland from 1702 until the Act of Union in 1707, and then in the House of Commons of Great Britain from 1707 until he became a Lord of Session in 1729.
Early life
Pringle was the second son of Andrew Pringle of Clifton in the Scottish Borders. His mother Violet was a daughter of John Rutherford of Edgerston, Roxburgh. Andrew Pringle had forced the marriage of his oldest son Robert to Andrew's niece Janet Pringle, thereby reuniting Pringle lands which had been divided in a previous generation. This wealth allowed Andrew to educate John at the University of Edinburgh, where he graduated with an MA in 1692, and at Utrecht where he graduated in 1696. He was admitted to the Faculty of Advocates in 1698.
Career
Pringle soon established a successful legal practice,
and in 1701 or 1702 his father purchased for him The Haining estate at a cost of £3,412 (£,000 in ). This large estate, beside the town of Selkirk gave him a strong influence on the politics both of the shire of Selkirkshire and burgh of Selkirk. Due to the support of his future father-in-law, the hereditary sheriff of Selkirkshire Sir James Murray, Pringle was elected to Parliament in 1702 as a shire commissioner for Selkirkshire.
After the Union with England, Pringle was rewarded for his support of the union by appointment as one of the 45 Scottish representatives to the first Parliament of Great Britain. At the first post-union election in 1708, Pringle was elected unopposed to the House of Commons of Great Britain as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Selkirkshire. His election was secured with the support of Sir James's son John Murray, who had succeeded his father in 1708. This alliance with the Murrays (and their patron the Duke of Queensberry) defined Pringles's political career. In 1713 he married Ann Murray, daughter of Sir James Murray and brother of John, with a dowry of 18,000 merks.
As a reward for supporting the Earl of Oxford, Pringle was appointed in 1711 as joint Keeper of the Signet for Scotland with William Cochrane, a post worth about 30,000 merks per annum to its holder. Pringle had to relinquish this lucrative office in 1713, when the Earl of Mar was appointed as Secretary of State for Scotland, and the office of Keeper was reunited with the Secretaryship.
In 1714, Pringle was one of the 'gentlemen of quality' who endorsed the Privy Council's proclamation of George I as the new king. Thereafter, Pringle consistently voted with the Tories in support of the administration, but hankered for appointment to the Court of Session. When a vacancy arose in 1725, his case was pressed unsuccessfully by John Scrope, the Secretary to the Treasury. However, in 1729, after the death of Lord Pencaitland, Pringle was appointed as a Lord of Session.
Death
Pringle died in Edinburgh on 19 August 1754, "in his eightieth year", and was buried in the Old Kirkyard at Selkirk. His widow Ann, who was sole executor of his estate, inherited a life-rent on lands purchased with her dowry, giving her an annual income of 2,000 merks.
The couple had three sons, and three daughters:
Andrew (died 1776) succeeded to the indebted estate at The Haining, but passed it on to his younger brother John. He was successful advocate who served as Solicitor General for Scotland from 1755 until 1759, when he was appointed a Lord of Session with the judicial title Lord Alemoor.
John (–1792), took over the Haining estate from his brother, and inherited to the rest of his brother's estates in 1776. In 1778 he succeeds his cousin Robert Pringle to the Clifton estate in Roxburghshire. He followed his father as MP for Selkirkshire from 1765 to 1786.
Robert(1719-1775), doctor of medicine who went to Jamaica and became a planter. Died in Philadelphia 12 Oct 1775. Married unknown(maybe surname Phillips), daughters Mary Elizabeth (1756-1836) married Thomas Cargill(1746-1807) planter of Jamaica and Janet.
Ann married Robert Rutherford of Fairnilee
Helen and Violet both died unmarried
References
1674 births
Year of birth uncertain
1754 deaths
People from Selkirk, Scottish Borders
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Utrecht University alumni
Members of the Faculty of Advocates
Haining
Shire Commissioners to the Parliament of Scotland
Members of the Parliament of Scotland 1702–1707
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for Scottish constituencies
British MPs 1707–1708
British MPs 1708–1710
British MPs 1710–1713
British MPs 1713–1715
British MPs 1715–1722
British MPs 1722–1727
British MPs 1727–1734
Scottish landowners
Borja Gómez Pérez (born 14 May 1988) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a defender.
Club career
Gómez was born in Madrid. An unsuccessful graduate from Real Madrid's youth system, he made his professional debuts with another team in the community, AD Alcorcón, going on to play three full seasons in Segunda División B.
In the 2010–11 campaign, Gómez had his first Segunda División experience, with another club from the Spanish capital, Rayo Vallecano. On 2 March 2011, after having played all the minutes in his 11 league appearances – mainly due to Iván Amaya's injury, however, as he was never part of manager José Ramón Sandoval's plans (a claim which the latter denied)– he signed a three-year contract with Ukrainian Premier League side FC Karpaty Lviv.
Gómez returned to his homeland the ensuing winter transfer window, joining Granada CF initially on loan. His first game in La Liga took place on 21 January 2012, when he featured the full 90 minutes in a 0–3 away loss against RCD Espanyol; during his two-year spell at the Nuevo Estadio de Los Cármenes, he played 31 competitive matches.
In the following years, Gómez alternated between the second and third levels of Spanish football, representing Hércules CF, CD Lugo, Real Oviedo, Real Murcia and UD Logroñés. While at the service of the third club, he suffered a right knee injury in January 2016 that sidelined him for seven months.
On 23 August 2018, Gómez signed with East Bengal F.C. of the Indian I-League. In January 2020, after spending several months on the sidelines due to injury, he returned home due to personal reasons, and at the end of the home asked to be released.
Club statistics
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Footballers from Madrid
Spanish footballers
Association football defenders
La Liga players
Segunda División players
Segunda División B players
AD Alcorcón footballers
Rayo Vallecano players
Granada CF footballers
Hércules CF players
CD Lugo players
Real Oviedo players
Real Murcia players
UD Logroñés players
UD San Sebastián de los Reyes players
Ukrainian Premier League players
FC Karpaty Lviv players
I-League players
East Bengal Club players
Spanish expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Ukraine
Expatriate footballers in India
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Ukraine
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in India
Calcutta Football League players
Thompson Ridge () is a rock ridge, 2 nautical miles (3.7 km) long and trending north–south on the south shore of Block Bay, 2.1 nautical miles (3.5 km) northwest of Mount Luyendyk, Fosdick Mountains in Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica. It is composed wholly of Fosdick Metamorphic Rocks. These are determined to be of Cretaceous age.
The feature was photographed and mapped by the United States Antarctic Service (USAS), 1939–41, led by Byrd.
The naming was proposed by Admiral Byrd for Gershom J. Thompson, eminent doctor and professor at the Mayo Clinic, who advised on medical questions relating to the Byrd Antarctic Expeditions, 1928–30 and 1933–35, and made financial contributions to them.
References
Ridges of Marie Byrd Land
Maybe Better is an Australian Thoroughbred racehorse who won the 2006 Group 3 Saab Quality and finished 3rd in the 2006 Melbourne Cup when ridden by Chris Munce. Maybe Better started in 29 races placing for six wins, three 2nds and two 3rds, with earnings of A$959,600.
References
Notes
Sources
Maybe Better's racing record
Racehorses bred in Australia
The Sanremo Music Festival 2017 () was the 67th annual Sanremo Music Festival, a television song contest held at the Teatro Ariston in Sanremo, Liguria, Italy between 7 and 11 February 2017, organised and broadcast by RAI.
The show was hosted by Carlo Conti, who was also the artistic director of the competition, and Maria De Filippi. Each evening show included a satirical sketch by Maurizio Crozza.
The winner of the contest's main section was Francesco Gabbani, performing the song "Occidentali's Karma". As a result, he got the right to represent Italy at the Eurovision Song Contest 2017. Lele received first prize in the newcomers' section, with his song "Ora mai".
Format
The Sanremo Music Festival 2017 took place at the Teatro Ariston. The authors of the 67th edition were Carlo Conti, Ivana Sabatini, Leopoldo Siano, Emanuele Giovannini, Martino Clericetti, Riccardo Cassini, Mario D'Amico and Giancarlo Leone. Maurizio Pagnussat was the show's television director, while Pinuccio Pirazzoli directed the orchestra. The scenography, designed by Riccardo Bocchini for the third consecutive year, was based on the concept of popups, and it was revealed by RAI in late January.
Presenters
Television presenter Carlo Conti, who was also the competition's artistic director, hosted the Sanremo Music Festival for a third consecutive year in 2017. Conti was joined by Maria De Filippi, one of the most popular Italian TV celebrities and the presenter of several shows broadcast by Canale 5, the main private television network in Italy. Italian comedian Maurizio Crozza also had a minor role, performing political satire sketches during each show.
Voting
Voting during the five evenings occurred through different combinations of four methods:
Public televoting, carried out via landline, mobile phone, the contest's official mobile app, and online voting.
Press jury voting, expressed by accredited journalists that followed the competition from the Roof Hall at the Teatro Ariston.
A poll, composed of a sample of 300 music fans, which voted from their homes via an electronic voting system managed by Ipsos.
Expert jury voting, resulting from points assigned by personalities from the world of music, entertainment and culture. The jury was composed of Giorgio Moroder (president), Andrea Morricone, Giorgia Surina, Greta Menchi, Paolo Genovese, Rita Pavone, Violante Placido, Linus.
During the final, the winner was determined via the combination of public televote (40%), expert jury (30%), and poll (30%).
Costs and incomes
The overall costs for the Sanremo Music Festival 2017 amounted to €16 million.
Carlo Conti's compensation amounted to €650,000, while Maurizio Crozza received €120,000 for his performances. Maria De Filippi refused any compensation, and presented the festival for free.
In January 2017, RAI announced an expected income of more than €25.5 million, including €23 million from sponsorships.
Ticket prices to attend the Sanremo Music Festival 2017 at the Teatro Ariston ranged from €100 for a balcony seat, up to €672 for a ticket in the stalls area during the grand final.
Selections
Newcomers' section
The artists competing in the Newcomers' section were selected through two separate contests. Area Sanremo, organized by the comune of Sanremo, selected two entries of the main competition, while the remaining six artists where chosen through Sanremo Giovani, created by RAI.
Area Sanremo
Area Sanremo 2016 was a contest created by the comune of Sanremo. In August and September 2016, an itinerant series of lessons involving Italian music schools and cultural associations, named Area Sanremo Tour, was organized to encourage artists to compete in the contest. 412 songs entered Area Sanremo. In October 2016, a series of lessons about music and the music industry was offered to all competing artists. On 2 November 2016, competing artists were reduced to 70 acts, selected by a commission composed of Massimo Cotto, which also presided it, Stefano Senardi, also serving as the artistic director of the event, and Maurizio Caridi.
Cotto, Senardi and Caridi, together with Antonio Vandoni and Andrea Mirò, also composed the commission which selected the 8 winners of the contest—Braschi, Andrea Corona, Marika Adele, Carlo Bolacchi, Carmen Alessandrello, Ylenia Lucisano, Valeria Farinacci and Diego Esposito—which were announced on 12 November 2016.
Finally, RAI chose two acts among the eight winners—Braschi and Valeria Farinacci—which were allowed to compete in the Newcomers' section of the Sanremo Music Festival 2017. The selected entries were announced by Carlo Conti on 12 December 2016, during the TV show Sarà Sanremo.
Sanremo Giovani
The contest organized by RAI to select six of the eight contestants of the Newcomers' section of the Sanremo Music Festival 2017 was named Sanremo Giovani. 560 acts entered the contest. On 21 October 2016, an internal commission reduced the number of competing artists to 60, eliminating the remaining ones. Following the rules of the contest, the winner of the singing contest Castrocaro Music Festival 2016—Ethan Lara—was also allowed to compete in the following phase of the competition as an additional entry. On 25 October 2016, the 61 selected acts auditioned in Rome. Following their performances, 12 artists, announced on 4 November 2016, were selected as the finalists of Sanremo Giovani.
The final of the contest was held during the TV show Sarà Sanremo on 12 December 2016. Artists performed their songs in 4 different groups. One artist for each group was eliminated.
Group 1
Carola Campagna – "Prima che arrivi il giorno" (eliminated)
Marianne Mirage – "Le canzoni fanno male"
Maldestro – "Canzone per Federica"
Group 2
Chiara Grispo – "Niente è impossibile"
La Rua – "Tutta la vita questa vita" (eliminated)
Lele – "Ora mai"
Group 3
Leonardo Lamacchia – "Ciò che resta"
The Shalalalas – "Difficile" (eliminated)
Valeria – "La vita è un'illusione"
Group 4
Aprile & Mangiaracina – "Il cielo di Napoli" (eliminated)
Tommaso Pini – "Cose che danno ansia"
Francesco Guasti – "Universo"
Finally, among the 8 remaining artists, two were eliminated as a result of a new voting. In both phases, eliminations were decided by a jury, composed of Massimo Ranieri, Fabio Canino, Anna Foglietta, Amadeus and Andrea Delogu. Francesco Guasti, Lele, Leonardo Lamacchia, Maldestro, Marianne Mirage and Tommaso Pini were chosen as contestants of the Newcomers' section of the Sanremo Music Festival 2017.
Big Artists section
The artists competing in the Big Artists section were selected by an internal commission and announced by Carlo Conti on 12 December 2016, during the TV show Sarà Sanremo. According to the rules of the 2017 contest, competing artists should have been 20 but, on 6 December 2016, Carlo Conti decided to change the rules, increasing the number of entries to 22.
Competing entries
Shows
First evening
Tiziano Ferro opened the show with a tribute to Luigi Tenco, marking the 50th anniversary of his death: he sang "Mi sono innamorato di te". During the evening, Ferro also performed his recent hits "Potremmo ritornare" and "Il conforto", in a duet with Carmen Consoli. International guests on stage were the band Clean Bandit, with the song "Rockabye", and Ricky Martin, who performed a megamix composed of "Livin' la Vida Loca", "Shake Your Bon-Bon", "Vente Pa' Ca", "La Mordidita", "La Bomba", "María" and "The Cup of Life".
During the evening, there have been moments dedicated to: the fight against bullying within Italian public schools; the privacy on the web; the people affected by earthquakes that struck central Italy in recent months. For this reason are intervened: a delegation of Italian armed forces and Italian Red Cross; the founders of MaBasta association; actor Raoul Bova; sports journalist and TV presenter Diletta Leotta.
Maurizio Crozza performed a political satire sketch about Matteo Renzi, Matteo Salvini and Virginia Raggi. Other guests of this first evening were: comedians Paola Cortellesi and Antonio Albanese; actress Rocio Muñoz Morales; basketball player Marco Cusin and volleyball player Valentina Diouf.
Big Artists
Second evening
The second evening was opened by Japanese magician Hiroki Hara. The competition started with four out eight entries in the Newcomers' section. Then it was the turn of the other eleven entries of Big Artists section.
Three international guests of the evening were Robbie Williams, who performed "Love my life" and kissed Maria De Filippi on her lips; Biffy Clyro that have sung "Re-arrange"; and Canadian actor Keanu Reeves who has been interviewed by Maria De Filippi. Another singer on the stage was Giorgia, who performed her new single "Vanità" and a medley of her old hits "E poi", "Come saprei", "Di sole e d'azzurro".
During the course of the evening, Francesco Totti was interviewed by Carlo Conti and Maria De Filippi about his career and private life. Other guests of this evening were: the trio by Enrico Brignano, Gabriele Cirilli, Flavio Insinna; actress Sveva Alviti. Salvatore Nicotra was the special guests for "Tutti Cantano Sanremo". Maurizio Crozza dedicated his political satire sketch to the relationship between Italian State and woman rights.
Big Artists
Newcomers
Third evening
The third evening will feature sixteen acts competing in the Big Artists section performing cover versions of either Italian songs or international hit songs that have been translated into Italian. The competing acts had an option to perform their cover together with a guest artist. Also, the six songs that are at risk of elimination are performed, and voted on by means of the press room vote and televoting. The four remain songs of the Newcomers section are also performed and by a vote of the press room and the public through televoting and two are eliminated.
Big Artists – Cover Competition
Repechage
Newcomers
Fourth evening
In this evening all 20 songs remaining were performed again. The scores from the previous evenings are not counted for this evening. The last four songs in the combined votes of the televote (40%), poll (30%) and the expert jury (30%) were eliminated. Also, the winner of the 4 remaining songs in the Newcomers section was determined.
Big Artists
Newcomers
Fifth evening
On the final evening all 16 remaining songs in the Big Artists section were performed and a winner was determined.
Big Artists – Final – First Round
Big Artists – Final – Second Round
Special guests
The special guests of Sanremo Music Festival 2017 were:
singers / musicians: Anne-Marie, Alvaro Soler, Beppe Vessicchio, Carmen Consoli, Davide Rossi, Giorgia, Karen Harding, LP, Mika, Mina, Peppe Vessicchio, Rag'n'Bone Man, Ricky Martin, Robbie Williams, Robin Schulz, Tiziano Ferro, Zucchero Fornaciari.
bands / music groups: Clean Bandit, Biffy Clyro, Ladri di carrozzelle, Recycled Orchestra of Cateura (Paraguay), Piccolo Coro dell'Antoniano.
actors / comedians / models : Alessandra Mastronardi, Alessandro Gassman, Antonio Albanese, Diana del Bufalo, Flavio Insinna, Gabriele Cirilli, Geppi Cucciari, Giusy Buscemi, Keanu Reeves, Luca Bizzarri, Luca Zingaretti, Marco Giallini, Paola Cortellesi, Paolo Kessisoglu, Raoul Bova, Rocio Muñoz Morales, Virginia Raffaele, Ubaldo Pantani.
athletes: Francesco Totti, Marco Cusin, Valentina Diouf.
other notable figures: Antonella Clerici, Diletta Leotta, Kitonb, Gaetano Moscato, Hiroki Hara, Maria Pollacci, Stev Otten.
Related shows
Prima Festival
Federico Russo, Tess Masazza, Herbert Ballerina present Prima Festival 2017, a small show on air on Rai 1 immediately after TG1. The show features details, curiosities and news relating to Sanremo Music Festival 2017.
Dopo Festival
Nicola Savino, Gialappa's Band and Ubaldo Pantani are the presenters of Dopo Festival 2017, a talk show on air on Rai 1 immediately after Sanremo Music Festival. The show features comments about the televised song contest with the participation of singers and journalists.
Broadcast and ratings
Local broadcast
Rai 1, Rai 4, Rai Radio 1 and Rai Radio 2 are the official broadcasters of the festival in Italy. The show is also available in streaming on the Rai Play website.
Ratings Sanremo Music Festival 2017
The audience is referred to the one of Rai 1.
Ratings Prima Festival 2017
Ratings Dopo Festival 2017
International broadcast
The international television service Rai Italia broadcast the competition in the Americas, Africa, Asia and Australia.
References
External links
2017 in Italian music
2017 in Italian television
2017 song contests
February 2017 events in Italy
Sanremo Music Festival by year
The Near Northside Historic District is a historic district in Columbus, Ohio. The large district encompasses portions of the University District, Harrison West, and nearly all of Victorian Village.
Description
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. The district is made up of about 70 square blocks, with houses developed generally between 1870 and 1920. Architectural styles range from Italianate to Second Empire, Eastlake, Romanesque Revival, and Shingle Style, with some vernacular buildings as well. District boundaries overlap with the city's Victorian Village Historic District.
The First Avenue School, on the Columbus Register of Historic Properties, also lies within this district.
Gallery
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Columbus, Ohio
References
External links
National Register of Historic Places in Columbus, Ohio
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Ohio
1980 establishments in Ohio
Historic districts in Columbus, Ohio
Adile Sultan Pavilion is in Üsküdar, Istanbul, in the Validebağ Grove. It was commissioned as a summer house by Sultan Abdulaziz for his sister Adile Sultan in 1853. This rectangular building's entrance is reached by an imperial staircase. There are big halls inside the pavilion's first and second floors. The doors to both floors lead to the stairhead. It is currently used as a teachers' lodge. The popular Turkish film series Hababam Sınıfı was filmed here, and one of the rooms is used as a Hababam Sınıfı Museum. Its architect was Nigogayos Balyan, who graduated from Collège Sainte-Barbe in Paris.
Gallery
References
Historic sites in Turkey
Buildings and structures in Istanbul
Bradford is an unincorporated community located in Bracken County, Kentucky, United States.
History
An early variant name was Metcalfe's Landing. A post office called Metcalfe's Landing was established in 1863, the name was changed to Bradford in 1866, and the post office closed in 1956. The present name honors Laban J. Bradford, a local businessman.
References
Unincorporated communities in Bracken County, Kentucky
Unincorporated communities in Kentucky
In computer science, a "let" expression associates a function definition with a restricted scope.
The "let" expression may also be defined in mathematics, where it associates a Boolean condition with a restricted scope.
The "let" expression may be considered as a lambda abstraction applied to a value. Within mathematics, a let expression may also be considered as a conjunction of expressions, within an existential quantifier which restricts the scope of the variable.
The let expression is present in many functional languages to allow the local definition of expression, for use in defining another expression. The let-expression is present in some functional languages in two forms; let or "let rec". Let rec is an extension of the simple let expression which uses the fixed-point combinator to implement recursion.
History
Dana Scott's LCF language was a stage in the evolution of lambda calculus into modern functional languages. This language introduced the let expression, which has appeared in most functional languages since that time.
The languages Scheme, ML, and more recently Haskell have inherited let expressions from LCF.
Stateful imperative languages such as ALGOL and Pascal essentially implement a let expression, to implement restricted scope of functions, in block structures.
A closely related "where" clause, together with its recursive variant "where rec", appeared already in Peter Landin's The mechanical evaluation of expressions.
Description
A "let" expression defines a function or value for use in another expression. As well as being a construct used in many functional programming languages, it is a natural language construct often used in mathematical texts. It is an alternate syntactical construct for a where clause.
In both cases the whole construct is an expression whose value is 5. Like the if-then-else the type returned by the expression is not necessarily Boolean.
A let expression comes in 4 main forms,
In functional languages the let expression defines functions which may be called in the expression. The scope of the function name is limited to the let expression structure.
In mathematics, the let expression defines a condition, which is a constraint on the expression. The syntax may also support the declaration of existentially quantified variables local to the let expression.
The terminology, syntax and semantics vary from language to language. In Scheme, let is used for the simple form and let rec for the recursive form. In ML let marks only the start of a block of declarations with fun marking the start of the function definition. In Haskell, let may be mutually recursive, with the compiler figuring out what is needed.
Definition
A lambda abstraction represents a function without a name. This is a source of the inconsistency in the definition of a lambda abstraction. However lambda abstractions may be composed to represent a function with a name. In this form the inconsistency is removed. The lambda term,
is equivalent to defining the function by in the expression , which may be written as the let expression;
The let expression is understandable as a natural language expression. The let expression represents the substitution of a variable for a value. The substitution rule describes the implications of equality as substitution.
Let definition in mathematics
In mathematics the let expression is described as the conjunction of expressions. In functional languages the let expression is also used to limit scope. In mathematics scope is described by quantifiers. The let expression is a conjunction within an existential quantifier.
where E and F are of type Boolean.
The let expression allows the substitution to be applied to another expression. This substitution may be applied within a restricted scope, to a sub expression. The natural use of the let expression is in application to a restricted scope (called lambda dropping). These rules define how the scope may be restricted;
where F is not of type Boolean. From this definition the following standard definition of a let expression, as used in a functional language may be derived.
For simplicity the marker specifying the existential variable, , will be omitted from the expression where it is clear from the context.
Derivation
To derive this result, first assume,
then
Using the rule of substitution,
so for all L,
Let where K is a new variable. then,
So,
But from the mathematical interpretation of a beta reduction,
Here if y is a function of a variable x, it is not the same x as in z. Alpha renaming may be applied. So we must have,
so,
This result is represented in a functional language in an abbreviated form, where the meaning is unambiguous;
Here the variable x is implicitly recognised as both part of the equation defining x, and the variable in the existential quantifier.
No lifting from Boolean
A contradiction arises if E is defined by . In this case,
becomes,
and using,
This is false if G is false. To avoid this contradiction F is not allowed to be of type Boolean. For Boolean F the correct statement of the dropping rule uses implication instead of equality,
It may appear strange that a different rule applies for Boolean than other types. The reason for this is that the rule,
only applies where F is Boolean. The combination of the two rules creates a contradiction, so where one rule holds, the other does not.
Joining let expressions
Let expressions may be defined with multiple variables,
then it can be derived,
so,
Laws relating lambda calculus and let expressions
The Eta reduction gives a rule for describing lambda abstractions. This rule along with the two laws derived above define the relationship between lambda calculus and let expressions.
Let definition defined from lambda calculus
To avoid the potential problems associated with the mathematical definition, Dana Scott originally defined the let expression from lambda calculus. This may be considered as the bottom up, or constructive, definition of the let expression, in contrast to the top down, or axiomatic mathematical definition.
The simple, non recursive let expression was defined as being syntactic sugar for the lambda abstraction applied to a term. In that definition,
The simple let expression definition was then extended to allow recursion using the fixed-point combinator.
Fixed-point combinator
The fixed-point combinator may be represented by the expression,
This representation may be converted into a lambda term. A lambda abstraction does not support reference to the variable name, in the applied expression, so x must be passed in as a parameter to x.
Using the eta reduction rule,
gives,
A let expression may be expressed as a lambda abstraction using,
gives,
This is possibly the simplest implementation of a fixed point combinator in lambda calculus. However one beta reduction gives the more symmetrical form of Curry's Y combinator.
Recursive let expression
The recursive let expression called "let rec" is defined using the Y combinator for recursive let expressions.
Mutually recursive let expression
This approach is then generalized to support mutual recursion. A mutually recursive let expression may be composed by rearranging the expression to remove any and conditions. This is achieved by replacing multiple function definitions with a single function definition, which sets a list of variables equal to a list of expressions. A version of the Y combinator, called the Y* poly-variadic fix-point combinator
is then used to calculate fixed point of all the functions at the same time. The result is a mutually recursive implementation of the let expression.
Multiple values
A let expression may be used to represent a value that is a member of a set,
Under function application, of one let expression to another,
But a different rule applies for applying the let expression to itself.
There appear no simple rule for combining values. What is required is a general form of expression that represents a variable whose value is a member of a set of values. The expression should be based on the variable and the set.
Function application applied to this form should give another expression in the same form. In this way any expression on functions of multiple values may be treated as if it had one value.
It is not sufficient for the form to represent only the set of values. Each value must have a condition that determines when the expression takes the value. The resulting construct is a set of pairs of conditions and values, called a "value set". See narrowing of algebraic value sets.
Rules for conversion between lambda calculus and let expressions
Meta-functions will be given that describe the conversion between lambda and let expressions. A meta-function is a function that takes a program as a parameter. The program is data for the meta-program. The program and the meta program are at different meta-levels.
The following conventions will be used to distinguish program from the meta program,
Square brackets [] will be used to represent function application in the meta program.
Capital letters will be used for variables in the meta program. Lower case letters represent variables in the program.
will be used for equals in the meta program.
For simplicity the first rule given that matches will be applied. The rules also assume that the lambda expressions have been pre-processed so that each lambda abstraction has a unique name.
The substitution operator is also used. The expression means substitute every occurrence of G in L by S and return the expression. The definition used is extended to cover the substitution of expressions, from the definition given on the Lambda calculus page. The matching of expressions should compare expressions for alpha equivalence (renaming of variables).
Conversion from lambda to let expressions
The following rules describe how to convert from a lambda expression to a let expression, without altering the structure.
Rule 6 creates a unique variable V, as a name for the function.
Example
For example, the Y combinator,
is converted to,
Conversion from let to lambda expressions
These rules reverse the conversion described above. They convert from a let expression to a lambda expression, without altering the structure. Not all let expressions may be converted using these rules. The rules assume that the expressions are already arranged as if they had been generated by de-lambda.
There is no exact structural equivalent in lambda calculus for let expressions that have free variables that are used recursively. In this case some addition of parameters is required. Rules 8 and 10 add these parameters.
Rules 8 and 10 are sufficient for two mutually recursive equations in the let expression. However they will not work for three or more mutually recursive equations. The general case needs an extra level of looping which makes the meta function a little more difficult. The rules that follow replace rules 8 and 10 in implementing the general case. Rules 8 and 10 have been left so that the simpler case may be studied first.
lambda-form - Convert the expression into a conjunction of expressions, each of the form variable = expression.
...... where V is a variable.
lift-vars - Get the set of variables that need X as a parameter, because the expression has X as a free variable.
sub-vars - For each variable in the set substitute it for the variable applied to X in the expression. This makes X a variable passed in as a parameter, instead of being a free variable in the right hand side of the equation.
de-let - Lift each condition in E so that X is not a free variable on the right hand side of the equation.
Examples
For example, the let expression obtained from the Y combinator,
is converted to,
For a second example take the lifted version of the Y combinator,
is converted to,
For a third example the translation of,
is,
For a forth example the translation of,
is,
which is the famous y combinator.
Key people
Dana Scott
See also
Scope (computer science)
Lambda lifting
Fixed-point combinator
Lambda calculus
Curry's paradox
Deductive lambda calculus
Constraint logic programming
Narrowing of algebraic value sets
References
Lambda calculus
The canton of Chevagnes is a former administrative division in central France. It was disbanded following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015. It consisted of 10 communes, which joined the canton of Dompierre-sur-Besbre in 2015. It had 7,121 inhabitants (2012).
The canton comprised the following communes:
Beaulon
La Chapelle-aux-Chasses
Chevagnes
Chézy
Gannay-sur-Loire
Garnat-sur-Engièvre
Lusigny
Paray-le-Frésil
Saint-Martin-des-Lais
Thiel-sur-Acolin
Demographics
See also
Cantons of the Allier department
References
Former cantons of Allier
2015 disestablishments in France
States and territories disestablished in 2015
Abominable Firebug is a book about survival as one of America's throwaway children.
Synopsis and style
This book is a chronology of the early life of the author, Richard B. Johnson, starting in the town of North Brookfield, Massachusetts. It begins at about the age of two and continues until Johnson is 21 years of age. The book details the significant events in the author's life leading to his incarceration in America's first reform school, the Lyman School for Boys in the late 1950s.
Explanation of the title
When the author lived in an institutional foster home, the Stetson Home for Boys, in Barre, Massachusetts, as an indentured servant, he built a relatively large solid-fuel rocket. The last flight of this rocket resulted in the institution's barn being set on fire. The author was charged as a juvenile with the crime of arson and then remanded to the custody of the Massachusetts Youth Service Board and sent to the Roslindale detention center. Thereupon, he was called a firebug by the juvenile authorities.
Governmental abuse of children under its care
In particular, the book details the physical, emotional, and sexual abuse meted out by agents of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts Youth Service Board (YSB), later becoming the Department of Youth Services (DYS). Johnson provides descriptions of the abuse he and other boys received but stops short of any prurient references. Although this book has much to do about child abuse, the main theme is one of survival. Johnson was able to find some mentors who helped him become a successful adult and he names them and gives the details in his book.
Significance
The book is significant because it details the day-to-day life of inmates in America's first reform school, the Lyman School for Boys. Written from the perspective of a resident who, because of earlier experiences, thought that this school was a good place to live, it provides a unique view into the problems and solutions facing the juvenile correctional facilities at the time. The book also details some of the many problems encountered by children growing up in institutional settings such as institutional foster homes. For instance, there is a particularly poignant story about a Boston police officer beating Johnson when he was discovered playing a church pipe organ that he had recently repaired. The management of the foster home could not do anything about that because such police activity was considered “normal,” so Johnson should have avoided the police.
Mentoring
This book demonstrates the value of mentors in a child's life. Even as Johnson was approaching adulthood, he found people who had the faith to trust him with activities of significant consequence. For instance, at the age of eighteen Johnsons boss at a radio station let him build a new radio transmitter. Another mentor in Boston taught him to repair a pipe organ and trusted him to do the right thing.
Resilience of youth
Throughout the book is continual evidence of the resilience of youth. As Johnson would encounter some problem and fail, he would immediately do something else and succeed. The book demonstrates the idea that there should never be a “lost cause” when dealing with youth. In the worst possible circumstances, it is certainly possible to succeed.
Techniques
The book heads each chapter with a photograph and contains several poems that Johnson wrote as a child while enduring his captivity. At several metaphorical intervals, Johnson writes prose that reads like poetry. Dr. Mary Clisbee, established educator of special needs children, writes the foreword and Rev. F. Robert Brown, Johnson's chaplain while at the Lyman School, writes the afterword. Rev. "Bob" Brown later worked for the newly formed DYS helping correct its horrific past.
Reviews
Book review from EdNews
References
2006 non-fiction books
American autobiographies
Daksinajar Naradhirajbutri (, , ; 18 September 1852 – 13 September 1906) was a consort of her half-brother Chulalongkorn, the King of Siam.
She was a member of Siamese royal family and a daughter of King Mongkut and Chan Suksathit, one of Mongkut's concubines.
References
1852 births
1906 deaths
Thai princesses consort
19th-century Thai women
20th-century Thai women
19th-century Chakri dynasty
20th-century Chakri dynasty
People from Bangkok
Thai female Phra Ong Chao
Children of Mongkut
Derek O'Reilly is a hurler for Dublin and Craobh Chiaráin. Derek won a Dublin Senior Hurling Championship medal with Craobh Chiaráin in 2006. O'Reilly scored a (0-2f) in the final against Ballyboden in a game that finished with the score 2-10 to 2-8. O'Reilly was named on the Dublin Blue Stars team for 2006 at right half back.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Dublin inter-county hurlers
Craobh Chiaráin hurlers
Pennsylvania's state elections were held November 8, 2005. Necessary primary elections were held on May 17, 2005.
Justice of the Supreme Court
References
Pennsylvania
Three-time defending champion Rafael Nadal defeated Roger Federer in the final, 6–1, 6–3, 6–0 to win the men's singles tennis title at the 2008 French Open. It was his fourth French Open title and his fourth major title overall. This marked Federer's worst loss at a major in his entire career. It also marked the third consecutive year that Nadal defeated Federer in the French Open final, and the fourth consecutive year that Nadal defeated Federer at Roland Garros (extending back to their 2005 semifinal encounter). On all four occasions that Nadal won the French Open, he defeated Federer while the latter was the world No. 1 player. Nadal won the title without losing a set, becoming the third man in the Open Era after Ilie Năstase and Björn Borg to do so. He would later replicate this feat in 2010, 2017, and 2020. Federer was attempting to complete the career Grand Slam.
This tournament marked the final professional appearance of former world No. 1 and three-time French Open champion Gustavo Kuerten; he lost to Paul-Henri Mathieu in the first round. It was also the last major for 2004 French Open finalist and former world No. 3 Guillermo Coria, who lost in the first round to Tommy Robredo.
Seeds
Click on the seed number of a player to go to their draw section.
Qualifying draw
Draw
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Section 3
Section 4
Bottom half
Section 5
Section 6
Section 7
Section 8
References
External links
Official Roland Garros 2008 Men's Singles Draw
Main Draw
Qualifying Draw
2008 French Open – Men's draws and results at the International Tennis Federation
Men's Singles
French Open by year – Men's singles
French Open - Men's Singles
In heraldry, the term star may refer to any star-shaped charge with any number of rays, which may appear straight or wavy, and may or may not be pierced. While there has been much confusion between the two due to their similar shape, a star with straight-sided rays is usually called a mullet while one with wavy rays is usually called an estoile.
While a mullet may have any number of points, it is presumed to have five unless otherwise specified in the blazon, and pierced mullets are common; estoiles, however, are presumed to have six rays and (as of 1909) had not been found pierced. In Scottish heraldry, an estoile is the same as in English heraldry, but it has been said that mullet refers only to a mullet pierced (also called a spur revel), while one that is not pierced is called a star.
Terminology
The use of the word star in blazons, and how that charge appears in coat armory, varies from one jurisdiction to another.
In Scots heraldry, both star and mullet interchangeably mean a star with five straight rays;
the official record from 1673 gives Murray of Ochtertyre azur three Starrs argent ... (Public Register, vol 1 p 188), while the Ordinary of Arms produced by a late 19th century Lyon King of Arms 'modernizes' the original as Az. three mullets arg. .... In Canadian heraldry the usual term is mullet, but there is also the occasional six-pointed star (e.g. in Vol. IV, at p. 274 and in online version of the Canadian Public Register), which is what others would blazon as a six-pointed mullet. The United States Army Institute of Heraldry, the official heraldic authority in the United States, uses the term mullet in its blazons, but elsewhere, as in US government documents describing the flag of the United States and the Great Seal of the United States, the term star is constantly used, and these nearly always appear with five straight-sided points.
The term mullet or molet refers to a star with straight sides, typically having five or six points,
but may have any number of points specified in the blazon. If the number of points is not specified, five points are presumed in Gallo-British heraldry, and six points are presumed in German-Nordic heraldry.
Unlike estoiles, mullets have straight (rather than wavy) rays and may have originally represented the rowel of a spur, rather than a celestial star.
The term is said to be derived from French molette, a spur-rowel, although it was in use in heraldry even before rowel spurs.
The term estoile refers to wavy-sided stars, usually of six points, though they may also be blazoned with a different number of points, often eight (e.g. "Portsmouth County Council" pictured here), and many variants feature alternating straight and wavy rays (e.g. "Honford" pictured here). The term derives from Old French estoile 'star', in reference to a celestial star (cf. Modern French étoile), from Latin stella 'star'.
Classical heraldry
Stars are comparatively rare in European heraldry during the medieval period. An early reference of dubious historicity is reported by Johannes Letzner, who cites Conradus Fontanus (an otherwise unknown authority) to the effect that one Curtis von Meinbrechthausen, a knight of Saxony, in 1169 after committing a murder lost his rank and arms, described as an eight-pointed star beneath a chevron.
In Scotland, the armigers of Clan Murray and Clan Douglas used arms with stars as early as the 12th or 13th century.
Examples of stars in a late medieval heraldry of the Holy Roman Empire include those of Wentz von Niederlanstein (1350), Gemm (attested 1352), Geyer von Osterberg (1370), Enolff Ritter von Leyen (d. 1392).
Under the system of cadency in use in England and Ireland since the late 15th century, a third son bears a mullet (unpierced) as a difference.
Stars become much more popular as heraldic charges in the early modern era, especially in then-recent family coats of arms of burghers and patricians, as well as in coats of arms of cities (e.g. Maastricht, Bozen, Kaufbeuren).
The coat of arms of Valais originates in the 16th century, when seven stars representing its Seven Tithings were added to the party per pale coat of arms of the Bishop of Sion.
Of the higher nobility in Siebmachers Wappenbuch (1605), the landgrave of Hessen and the counts of Waldeck and Erbach have stars in their coats of arms, as do several Swiss knights.
United States
Stars are nearly ubiquitous in United States heraldry and vexillology and nearly always appear unpierced with five straight-sided points. In the flag of the United States, each star represents one state. The flag adopted in 1777 is the attributed origin of the thirteen stars, representing the thirteen United States, appearing on the Great Seal since 1780.
A mullet "barbed to chief" appears in the arms of the 240th Signal Battalion of the 40th Infantry Division of the California Army National Guard United States Army.
Modern use
In the design of modern flags and emblems, the stars (mullets, usually five-pointed) when standing alone often represent concepts like "unity" or "independence". When arranged in groups, they often enumerate provinces or other components of the nation (such as ethnic groups). In the flags of Nauru and the Marshall Islands, this enumeration is done by the points of a single star rather than by multiple number of stars.
Some flags of countries on the southern hemisphere show a depiction of the Southern Cross consisting of four or five stars.
The star and crescent symbol is found in flags of states succeeding the Ottoman Empire, which used flags with this symbol during 1793-1923.
The twelve stars on the Flag of Europe (1955) symbolize unity.
The green five-pointed star on the Esperanto flag (1890) symbolizes the five inhabited continents.
The 50 stars of the US flag is the largest number on any national flag. The second-largest is 27, on the flag of Brazil.
The current national flags featuring stars include:
Not bearing heraldic stars as such, the 1915 Flag of Morocco and the 1996 flag of Ethiopia have a pentagram each, and the 1948 flag of Israel a hexagram or "star of David".
The 1962 Flag of Nepal has what would technically be described as a 12-pointed mullet, but is intended to depict the Sun.
See also
Rayed solar symbol
Star and crescent
References
External links
"star" at flagspot.net
Star Symbol Collection
Heraldic charges
"Wild Hearts" is a song by New Zealand-Australian country music singer Keith Urban. It was released on 19 August 2021 as the lead single from his upcoming twelfth studio album. Urban co-wrote the song with Brad Tursi, Eric Paslay and Jennifer Wayne, and produced it with Mitch Furr.
Background
Urban stated to fans via Instagram: "To all of the lost ones who aren't really lost ones, this song is for you. We are WILD HEARTS!" He also said in a press release: "I'm here to tell you anything can happen in this life if you got the heart and the passion and a God-lit fire inside." Joseph Hudak of Rolling Stone wrote that the song is "a classic tale of perseverance that preaches a message of not only pursuing your dreams but manifesting them" that alludes to some moments from Urban's life, including his "childhood memory of seeing Johnny Cash in concert with his father".
Critical reception
Matt Doria of NME called the song a "jammy, energetic country-pop track described aptly as 'quintessential Urban'".
Charts
Release history
References
2021 songs
2021 singles
Keith Urban songs
Songs written by Keith Urban
Songs written by Brad Tursi
Songs written by Eric Paslay
Capitol Records Nashville singles
Universal Music Group singles
Oru Kadha Oru Nunakkadha is a 1986 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Mohan, starring Mammootty, Nedumudi Venu, Madhavi and Pavithra. The film has a musical score by Johnson.
Plot
The film opens with Appu Nair, a rich man travelling in a luxurious car where, he reaches his office (He is the manager). Appu remembers his past days when he was poor and jobless. Surprisingly, these incidents are just revealed to be a dream seen by Appu who is actually poor and jobless. Appu spends less time with his family and most of the time outside to find a job. Appu has a habit of bragging to gain other's attraction.
One day, he finds a girl in the telephone booth trying to call someone, Appu helps her by giving her a coin. When she gives him back, he rejects it and soon they talk for sometime. The girl introduces herself as Amminikutty "Ammini". Ammini lives in a women's hostel. Appu brags to her that he is a reputed employee in a large industry. Soon, Ammini and Appu becomes friends. Appu keeps bragging and lying.
Things take a turn when Ammini's cousin, Prof. Mohandas, comes to the scene. Mohandas is a poet whom Ammini has feelings for. Appu who is well aware of this realizes that he should act fast by making Ammini fall for him. At the same time, he also plots to make Mohandas fall in love with Ammini's best friend, Malati who is also a fan of Mohandas in which he succeeds. Appu persuades Malati to marry Mohandas. After this, Malati reveals this Ammini much to her dismay. Appu tries to manipulate Ammini against Mohandas. Ammini rebukes Appu in front of the matron and other girls. Mohandas too comes to confront Appu but he escapes. All the girls, the matron and Mohandas make fun of Appu.
In the end, Appu is seen to be walking on a crowded road where he finds another girl in the telephone booth. Appu helps her by giving her a coin (The same way he did to Ammini when he met her for the first time), implying that he will never change. The film ends with the tagline "സൂക്ഷിക്കുക" which means 'Be Careful'.
Cast
Mammootty as Prof. Mohandas
Nedumudi Venu as Appu Nair
Madhavi as Amminikkutty
Pavithra as Malathi
Innocent
Meena
Venu Nagavalli
Sreenivasan
Soundtrack
The music was composed by Johnson with lyrics by M. D. Rajendran.
References
External links
see the film
oru katha oru nunakkatha (malayalam)
1986 films
1980s Malayalam-language films
Films scored by Johnson
"Tal Vez" is a song by Argentine rapper Paulo Londra. Released by Warner Latina and Big Ligas on April 4, 2019, it was written by Londra, Cristian Salazar and Ovy on the Drums, who also produced the song.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
See also
List of Billboard Argentina Hot 100 top-ten singles in 2019
References
2019 singles
Paulo Londra songs
2019 songs
Spanish-language songs
Bottle Mountain is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Webb in Herkimer County, northeast of Old Forge.
References
Mountains of Herkimer County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
The discography of English recording artist Jake Bugg consists of five studio albums, seven EPs and thirty-two singles (including one as a featured artist).
Studio albums
Extended plays
Singles
As lead artist
As featured artist
Other charted songs
Guest appearances
Notes
References
Discographies of British artists
Akwo Tarh Ayuk Taku (born 7 December 1992) is a Cameroonian football who plays as a midfielder for Akhisarspor.
Career
Taku first arrived in Europe from Cameroon as a 14-year-old, joining an academy in Germany. He then returned to Cameroon to play for Les Astres and Botafogo FC (Douala). During this time he was called up by Cameroon for the 2011 African Nations Championship, where he was the youngest player in the squad.
He then moved to Slovakia, where he played in the Slovak Super Liga for Dunajská Streda in the 2011–12 season, and also the second tier the following season after their relegation. He then moved to France, playing for local league side AFC Holnon Fayet and for US Roye-Noyon in Championnat National 2. He then briefly returned to Cameroon with Union Douala before moving to the Democratic Republic of Congo, where he played for FC Renaissance du Congo and AS Vita Club.
In 2019 Taku moved to England where he joined National League South side Maidstone United in August 2019 after a successful trial in pre-season. Head of football John Still said "Ayuk came to us last year but we couldn't get his international clearance. It's only just come through now. He's been training with us - he's probably not 100% fit, certainly not match fit - but he's capable of magic things... He produces some unbelievable moments in training, he really does. We needed someone to come up with something and he has got that something. We need to get him properly fit as well but we thought we were that far away we might need a magic moment." He left the club in October to seek first-team football elsewhere after only two substitute appearances. He joined Isthmian League side Cheshunt the following month, where he made two appearances. In March 2020, he re-joined Maidstone after resolving a dispute with a former club. He scored on his return as a substitute against Welling United on 7 March 2020. He joined Akhisarspor in January 2021.
External links
Akwo Tarh Ayuk at Football Database
DAC Dunajská Streda profile
Akwo Ayuk at Global Sports Archive
References
1992 births
Living people
Cameroonian footballers
Association football midfielders
Les Astres players
FC DAC 1904 Dunajská Streda players
US Roye-Noyon players
Union Douala players
FC Renaissance du Congo players
AS Vita Club players
Maidstone United F.C. players
Cheshunt F.C. players
Akhisarspor footballers
Elite One player
Slovak Super Liga players
Championnat National 2 players
Linafoot players
National League (English football) players
Isthmian League players
TFF First League players
Expatriate footballers in Slovakia
Expatriate footballers in France
Expatriate footballers in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Expatriate footballers in England
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Cameroonian expatriate footballers
Cameroonian expatriate sportspeople in Slovakia
Cameroonian expatriate sportspeople in France
Cameroonian expatriate sportspeople in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Cameroonian expatriate sportspeople in England
Cameroonian expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
2011 African Nations Championship players
Cameroon A' international footballers
Christian Cappek (born 25 July 1990) is a German footballer who plays as a forward.
Career
Cappek played as youth for FC Augsburg and TSV 1860 Munich before joining SV Wacker Burghausen in 2008, where he made his senior debut in a 3–1 3. Liga win over Kickers Emden. He came on as a substitute for David Solga and scored Burghausen's third goal in the 88th minute. After three years with Wacker, he signed for 2. Bundesliga side FC Erzgebirge Aue in July 2011. He was released on a free transfer in November 2012 after six appearances for the club, the last of which had come almost a year earlier. Two months later he signed for FC Augsburg II, where he spent half a season before joining Kickers Offenbach.
In the summer 2015, Cappek joined Chemnitzer FC.
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
German footballers
SV Wacker Burghausen players
FC Erzgebirge Aue players
FC Augsburg players
Kickers Offenbach players
Chemnitzer FC players
SV Wehen Wiesbaden players
2. Bundesliga players
3. Liga players
Association football forwards
Sportspeople from Augsburg
Footballers from Bavaria
is a private junior college in Mizunami, Gifu, Japan.
History
The college was founded in 1966.
Courses offered
Child care
Food
Nutrition
See also
Chukyo University
List of junior colleges in Japan
References
External links
Educational institutions established in 1966
Japanese junior colleges
1966 establishments in Japan
Universities and colleges in Gifu Prefecture
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Beck's Brewery, also known as Brauerei Beck & Co., is a brewery in the northern German city of Bremen. In 2001, Interbrew agreed to buy Brauerei Beck for 1.8 billion euros; at that time it was the fourth largest brewer in Germany. US manufacture of Beck's Brew has been based in St. Louis, Missouri, since early 2012 but some customers have rebelled against the US market version.
Since 2008, it has been owned by the Interbrew subsidiary of Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV.
Beck's Art Label Campaign
The campaign has offered artists the opportunity to provide designs to replace the brand's label. It started in London in 1987 with Gilbert and George. The artists created an art label, because Beck's sponsored their retrospective at the Hayward Gallery. The labels of the 2000 limited edition Beck's bottles were matching their exhibition poster. Other participants of the Art Label Campaign are members of the loose group "Young British Artists" and nominees or winners of the Turner Prize. Damien Hirst for example, designed a label for Beck's in 1995, showing his famous spots. In 2000, Tracey Emin created a label, which shows herself, posing in a bathtub.
Rachel Whiteread designed a label in 1993, presenting her artwork "house", which was also financed by Beck's. The Art Label Campaign has also been parodied by Matthew Higgs, who is a member of the British art collective "Bank". In the Bank exhibition "The Charge of the Light Brigade" in 1995, he brewed a beer, called "Kunstlerbrau". In 2012, Beck's started giving young and independent musicians the opportunity to design a label for the Beck's bottle. Beck's summer 2009 limited-edition labels were designed by the musical groups Hard-Fi and Ladyhawke.
Beck's logo with the key is based upon the city of Bremen's coat of arms, which contains a key that is attributed to the patron saint of the city, Saint Peter.
See also
References
External links
Official international site
Heinrich Brugsch 1876 trip to the city of Philadelphia: Beck's Bier wins top prize
Vintage Beck's Beer Advertisement from 1921
AB InBev brands
Breweries in Germany
Beer brands of Germany
Companies based in Bremen
Manufacturing companies based in Bremen (state)
German companies established in 1873
14th Nova Scotia general election may refer to:
Nova Scotia general election, 1830, the 14th general election to take place in the Colony of Nova Scotia, for the 14th General Assembly of Nova Scotia
1920 Nova Scotia general election, the 36th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the (due to a counting error in 1859) 37th Legislative Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 14th general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia
is a character created by Sega to advertise the Sega Saturn in Japan between 1997 and 1998. He is a parody of Sugata Sanshirō, a legendary judo fighter from Akira Kurosawa's 1943 film Sanshiro Sugata. In television and radio advertisements, Segata Sanshiro is portrayed by actor Hiroshi Fujioka. He was positioned as a martial artist who commanded people to play Sega Saturn games.
The advertising campaign began in 1997, with the Saturn having a modest level of success in Japan at that point. Fujioka was impressed by Sega's ideas for the character and felt that Segata Sanshiro would send a strong message to children. Advertisements continued both on television and on radio until 1999. As a result of the advertisements, Segata Sanshiro's theme song became a CD single and he was made the main character of his own video game, Segata Sanshirō Shinken Yūgi.
Segata Sanshiro has also had cameo appearances in video games, a comic book and a live concert. He has retained a cult following in Japan and has been credited with helping improve Saturn sales there. Western journalists have praised the appeal and advertising prowess of the character.
Advertising campaign
Sega's advertising campaign with Segata Sanshiro began in the summer of 1997, more than two years after the Japanese release of the Sega Saturn. At that time, the Saturn was moderately successful in Japan. Hiroshi Fujioka, an actor famous for starring in Kamen Rider, was selected to play the role in advertisements. The character of Segata Sanshiro was a parody of Sugata Sanshirō, a legendary judo fighter from Akira Kurosawa's film Sanshiro Sugata. In part because Fujioka bore a vague resemblance to Susumu Fujita, the actor who portrayed Sugata Sanshirō, the parody was obvious to a Japanese public audience. Fujioka was also a skilled martial artist, experienced in multiple disciplines including karate, iaido, and judo, making him a close fit for the role. The character of Segata Sanshiro was positioned as a martial artist who commanded people to play Sega Saturn games. His name sounds similar to his catchphrase in Japanese, , as well as , a reference to the white color model of the Japanese Sega Saturn which followed the original gray version. According to Fujioka, he did give input on the character and contributed ideas. Fujioka was impressed by Sega's ideas for the character, stating "I thought it was good that they wanted to send a strong message to children in an age when young people had no direction."
The first television advertisement featuring Segata Sanshiro aired on November 28, 1997, promoting Sonic R. Television advertisements would continue from 1997 to 1999, and would feature Segata in real life scenarios related thematically with the game being advertised. In the advertisement for Burning Rangers, Segata rescued a woman inside a burning building, while the advertisement for Winter Heat featured him racing a speed skater on foot across ice. Other games advertised include Panzer Dragoon Saga, Shining Force III, Saturn Bomberman Fight!!, The House of the Dead, and Dragon Force II.
In addition to television, Fujioka also recorded radio advertisements in support of the console. During production, Fujioka maintained a very serious focus on his performance of the character, even while doing tasks such as breaking ten roof tiles with his head or punching the buttons of a giant Saturn controller. In playing the role, Fujioka stated that he felt strongly he was doing work that would be a positive influence on society, and that he did actually enjoy Sega Saturn games and felt "they put out a message to the world."
As part of the television advertisements, Segata Sanshiro's theme song, "Sega Satān, shiro!", was played. The song was written by Koji Ando, composed and arranged by Fumio Okui, and performed by Ichiro Tomita. As Segata gained popularity, the theme song became popular enough to warrant the recording of a CD single. Fujioka recorded this version himself, having previously sang the theme song for Kamen Rider, "Let's Go!! Rider Kick", for its first thirteen episodes as well as a few singles between 1971 and 1985. In addition to the CD, Fujioka also made several appearances as Segata Sanshiro at promotional events. Segata's popularity also led to the release of a Saturn game, Segata Sanshirō Shinken Yūgi, on October 29, 1998. At the end of 1998, the launch of Sega's next video game console, the Dreamcast, was approaching and Saturn development was slowing down. Segata Sanshiro was in one last advertisement, leaping from the roof of Sega's headquarters to save Sega employees from an incoming missile launched at the building. Segata then rode the missile into space, presumably being killed in the process.
In 2020, Sega began a campaign starring Segata Sanshiro's son, Sega Shiro, in celebration of the company's 60th anniversary. The character is played by Fujioka's son, Maito Fujioka. As part of the commercials, Shiro confronts a rival, "Sega Hatan Shiro", who is later revealed to be Segata Sanshiro in disguise.
Later appearances
Despite the ending advertisement, Fujioka appeared as Segata at the official launch of the Dreamcast, as well as in a one-off appearance on Fuji TV at the end of 1999. The character would later appear in Issue 269 of Sonic the Hedgehog from Archie Comics, in which he faced Sonic the Hedgehog in a fighting tournament inspired by the game Sonic the Fighters. Segata Sanshiro also has an appearance in Rent A Hero No. 1, a Japanese game released on both the Dreamcast and Xbox. He serves as a martial arts instructor who can teach new moves to the main character. He makes a cameo appearance in Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed, and is playable in Project X Zone 2 as a solo unit. Producer Kensuke Tsukanaka stated that it was a desire of Namco Bandai to include Segata Sanshiro in the latter game. Fujioka returned as Segata in 2013 at a live concert thrown by Sega, and spoke to the crowd with Sega advertising producer Koji Ando about making the Segata Sanshiro commercials.
Segata Sanshirō Shinken Yūgi
is a Sega Saturn video game based on the Segata Sanshiro advertisements. This game is a collection of minigames, with completing objectives in each one unlocking one of Segata's television commercials for view. In one such minigame, Segata acts as Santa Claus and delivers presents to children while avoiding obstacles, while another was a game in the style of Columns with combos earned helping to keep Segata from drowning. Completing all ten of the minigames earns a message from Segata, as well as a music video. Gamers' Republic Magazine gave the game an "F" rating, saying that the mini games are lame, and it would only be enjoyable if you got the game for free and enjoyed the character.
Retrospectively, Segata Sanshirō Shinken Yūgi is remembered for having captured the spirit of Segata Sanshiro and having a sense of humor consistent with the character, but criticized for its simplicity and lack of engaging play. According to Brian Crimmins of Hardcore Gaming 101, "Sanshiro's antic may not have offered Sega enough to work on, but more importantly, the developer didn't consider what role play can have in facilitating humor... this is exactly the case with Shinken Yūgi: despite how consistent the humor is, the quality of the games themselves varies wildly." Crimmins also commented, however, that Shinken Yūgi's best value was historical. When GamesTM interviewed Fujioka, they noted his reaction about the game indicated that he was happy that it was developed, but also aware that it was not of good quality.
Legacy
The Sega Saturn sold 5.75 million units in Japan, surpassing the 3.58 million units of its predecessor, the Mega Drive, in the country. This amount of sales also surpassed Nintendo's sales of 5.54 million units of the competitor Nintendo 64 and competed closely with Sony's PlayStation. The Segata Sanshiro advertisements are given credit for helping to establish those sales, though Sega had failed to make the Saturn as successful in other regions. As a result of the campaign, Segata Sanshiro achieved a cult following in Japan.
Nintendo Power journalist Steve Thomason singled out Segata as the character he would most like to control in the Nintendo DSi game Photo Dojo. Thomason amended that "it's just a shame his greatest skill – throwing opponents to make them explode – couldn't be translated to the game". Luke Plunkett of Kotaku called Segata the "Greatest Video Game Ad Man Of Them All" due to his strong personality citing examples such as how he yelled at children. Otaku USA referred to Segata as "the man, the myth, the legend" and praised his return in a concert from 2013. GamesTM noted the appeal of commercials was his "hyper-dramatic reality in which Segata had scope to be active and heroic". Justin Towell of GamesRadar+ also liked the character but felt disappointed by how he stopped appearing in advertisements. Kevin Schiller of Game Revolution referred to Segata as one of the strongest points of Project X Zone 2.
In 2012, Steve Lycett, executive producer of Sumo Digital, encouraged a fan-made poll on the SEGA Forums to determine which three SEGA characters the fans would like to see in Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed as DLC (Downloadable Content). Out of the 28 SEGA characters chosen by the forum, Ryo Hazuki had the majority vote ranking 1st, while Hatsune Miku ranked 2nd, and Segata Sanshiro ranked 3rd. In a review of Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed, Martin Robinson of Eurogamer had expected to see Segata in the game given its multiple tributes to various Sega games.
References
Mascots introduced in 1997
Video game mascots
Advertising characters
Male characters in advertising
Sega characters
Sega Saturn
Fictional budō practitioners
Video game marketing
Chester William Strumillo (May 28, 1924 – July 27, 2010) was an American professional basketball player. He appeared in one game for the Chicago American Gears in the National Basketball League during the 1944–45 season.
In college, Strumillo attended the University of Illinois and played on their freshman basketball team in 1940–41, but was then drafted into the Army to fight in World War II. Upon returning he resumed his collegiate basketball play for Northwestern University's varsity team between 1946 and 1949.
References
1924 births
2010 deaths
United States Army personnel of World War II
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Chicago
Chicago American Gears players
Forwards (basketball)
Northwestern Wildcats men's basketball players
People from Cicero, Illinois
University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign alumni
Tropical neuropathy is a class of illnesses with similar signs and symptoms, including konzo, tropical spastic paraparesis (TSP), and tropical ataxic neuropathy (TAN). TAN is poorly understood, and some researchers subdivide it further into separate illnesses.
References
Diseases and disorders
The Eureka Springs & North Arkansas Railway is a for-profit passenger tourist railway established by the late Robert Dortch, Jr. and his wife Mary Jane in 1981 in Eureka Springs, Arkansas. The railway offers one-hour excursion tours, a catered luncheon train and a catered dinner train - each lasting a little more than one hour, from April through October. It operates along of restored track right-of-way formerly belonging to the defunct Arkansas & Ozarks Railway Co - the last incarnation of the North Arkansas Line.
History
The original railway chartered at the site in 1882 was the Eureka Springs Railway, extending from Seligman, Missouri, to Eureka Springs. In 1899, it became the St. Louis & North Arkansas Railroad Co.; in 1906, the Missouri & North Arkansas Railroad Co.; in 1922, the Missouri & North Arkansas Railway Co.; in 1935, the Missouri & Arkansas Railway Co.; in 1949, the Arkansas & Ozarks - which closed in 1961. In 2011, the ES&NA became the road name attached to this trackage for the longest period of time in its existence. At the height of the North Arkansas Line's career, it extended from Joplin, Missouri to Helena, Arkansas.
Robert Dortch, Jr. had established the Scott and Bearskin Lake Railroad as part of the Plantation Agriculture Museum near Scott, Arkansas, in the 1960s and after his death in 1978, his son closed it and began moving steam locomotives, rolling stock and trackage to the Victorian tourist destination Eureka Springs. He and his wife, Mary Jane, and sons David, John, and Robert set about restoring the historic stone depot, and re-building several trestles over Leatherwood Creek on the pike. A steel water tank was added, as well as a few outbuildings and a commissary adjacent to the old ice house/electric plant building to prepare meals for the luncheon and dinner trains. A 20-hp turntable from the Frisco railroad was installed near the original location of one used by the North Arkansas Line; a wye at "Junction, Arkansas" enables the turning of a locomotive at the far end of the route.
Locomotives
Former:
No. 1, a 2-6-0 (Mogul), built 1906, Baldwin Locomotive Works, Philadelphia, PA; Serial No. 29588; wood-burner; ; ; tractive effort. Retired in the late 1990s because of the expense of burning 1½ to 2 cords of wood each workday. An expensive boiler re-build was also mandated by the state boiler inspector. In early 2011, the loco was moved to the Reader Railroad in Reader, Arkansas for evaluation and possible repair.
No. 8, a two-truck Shay engine (Serial No. 2977) built by the Lima Locomotive Works in 1918. It now resides as a static display at the Railway Historical Society of Northern New York, Croghan, NY, awaiting a boiler re-build.
No. 201, a 2-6-0 (Mogul), built 1906, American Locomotive Company, Paterson, NJ; coal-burner converted to oil; ; tractive effort. It is one of three known surviving locomotives that worked on the Panama Canal; originally built to 5-foot gauge. Retired early in the 21st century because a boiler re-build was mandated by the state boiler inspector. No. 201 has been sold to the city of Anna, Texas and is undergoing cosmetic restoration. It will be moved to Shereley Heritage Park when restoration is completed (expected to be July 2019)
Current:
No. 226, a 2-8-2 (Mikado), built 1927, Baldwin Locomotive Works, Philadelphia, PA; coal-burner converted to oil; (superheated); with tender. Has always been a "display" engine at the ES&NA, and was never restored to operating condition.
No. 4742, an EMD SW1 first-generation diesel-electric switcher, built 1942, Electro-Motive Division of General Motors, LaGrange, IL; Serial No. 1379; diesel; tractive effort. For many years it was the only remaining functional locomotive on-site; now handles both passenger excursion and luncheon/dinner trains.
(un-numbered), an 0-4-0 narrow-gauge (24-inch) switcher, built 1935, Buescher & Sons, Berlin, Germany; coal-burner converted to oil. Used atop a sometimes-rotating sign to advertise the railway.
No. 700, Oscar, an 0-B-0, 25-ton diesel-electric switcher, built 1950, General Electric, Construction No. 30977; tractive effort. Originally powered by a 150 hp Cummins engine; upgraded to a 260 hp engine in 2006. Ballasted to weigh 30 tons. Served at the Holcim Cement Co., New Orleans, LA and others. Delivered to the railway, 12/28/18.
Rolling stock
Six arch-roofed former Rock Island P-70 passenger coaches are used on-site. They are long and weigh , originally designed to seat 100 people. Two are static displays (a light-gray one - No. 2515 - used as a snack bar; a Tuscan red one -No. 2523 - used as an office). Two Kelly-green coaches - No.1, The Eurekan; and No. 2 - are dining cars. Two are excursion coaches; one maroon - No. 2560 - and the other Kelly-green - No. 2585 (formerly cream with dark red trim). Another 80 ft Tuscan red clerestory-roofed combine is used for storage.
Three cabooses, one wooden, are displayed. There are two tank cars, a pair of flat cars, a coal hopper, a cage car suitable for transporting and displaying circus or zoo animals, and five box cars - one of which is used as a commissary car on the luncheon/dinner trains.
There are at least three motorized yellow speeder maintenance cars (one still functional) on-site, as well as a 1951 Chevrolet track inspector's car.
Facilities
The working yard - with many switches, lights, outbuildings, a functional electric-powered turntable and water tower - is punctuated with dozens of static displays: two steam-powered tractors, early gas-powered tractors, compressors, pumps, wheelsets, and assorted railroad paraphernalia - a two-man handcar, "tricycle"-type one-man handcar, bells, signals, and luggage carts. An engine house was planned and never built; a shed built to shelter the restoration of Engine No. 226 was dismantled in 2007.
The owners have long had hopes to extend the line east to the old Missouri & North Arkansas tunnel and/or west to Beaver, Arkansas through the Narrows, a gap in the rocky ridge short of the old railroad river bridge there.
Built in 1913, the depot is a repository for dozens of railroadiana items, including props which helped disguise the two Moguls as 1860s 4-4-0 American engines for the filming of scenes from the 1982 television mini-series The Blue and the Gray.
Gallery
References
Further reading
Tolle, Edwin R. (1992). The Eureka Springs Railway: A Short-Line Railroad to a little town, 9 Deer Lane, Eureka Springs, AR 72632. (Viewable free in digital form at "The Eureka Springs Railway", accessed April 30, 2010.)
Cragon, Harvey (2005). The Eureka Springs Railway: An Automobile Tour Into the Past, 8600 Skyline Drive, Suite 1102, Dallas, TX 75243. .
Fair, James R. (1969). The North Arkansas Line, Howell-North Books, P.O. Box 3051, La Jolla, CA 92038. .
Hodge, Michael (2008). The Encyclopedia of Arkansas, "Railroads", accessed April 18, 2008.
State of Arkansas (2008) The Encyclopedia of Arkansas, "Plantation Agriculture Museum", accessed April 18, 2008.
Jason Parrie (2008) The Arkansas Media Room, "Cotton History Rooted in Plantation Agriculture Museum", accessed April 18, 2008.
Digital Creative Services (2002). "Eureka Springs & North Arkansas Railway site", accessed April 18, 2008.
Cales, Paul. "NW Arkansas Rail Line: A nostalgic journey … Seligman, MO to Harrison AR", accessed April 24, 2008.
McLaughlin, William P. (1999). "ICC Locomotive 201, Eureka Springs, Arkansas", accessed April 24, 2008.
External links
Transportation in Carroll County, Arkansas
Railway companies established in 1981
Heritage railroads in Arkansas
Historic American Engineering Record in Arkansas
Tourist attractions in Carroll County, Arkansas
Eureka Springs, Arkansas
NGC 1199 is an elliptical galaxy approximately 107 million light-years away from Earth in the constellation of Eridanus. It was discovered by William Herschel on December 30, 1785.
NGC 1199 is dominated by stellar light with little long wavelength emission.
Together with NGC 1189, NGC 1190, NGC 1191 and NGC 1192 it forms Hickson Compact Group 22 (HCG 22) galaxy group. Although they are considered members of this group, NGC 1191 and NGC 1192 are in fact background objects, since they are much further away compared to the other members of this group.
Image gallery
See also
Lenticular galaxy
Hickson Compact Group
List of NGC objects (1001–2000)
Eridanus (constellation)
References
External links
SEDS
Elliptical galaxies
Eridanus (constellation)
1199
11527
Hickson Compact Groups
Astronomical objects discovered in 1785
Discoveries by William Herschel
The Gonzaga Bulldogs () (also known unofficially as the Zags) are the intercollegiate athletic teams representing Gonzaga University, located in Spokane, Washington, United States. Gonzaga competes in the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I as a member of the West Coast Conference.
History
Gonzaga University was founded in 1887 by Fr. Joseph Cataldo, a Sicilian-born priest. At one time, Gonzaga went by the nickname of "Fighting Irish" in the 1910s to early 1920s. This name was dropped in 1921 favor of the current "Bulldogs" mascot. Although the school's official mascot is a bulldog, fans and media have long used "Zags" as an alternate nickname.
Gonzaga was an NAIA school from 1947 to 1958, when they moved to the NCAA as an independent. They were a charter member of the Big Sky Conference in 1963, the only one of the six without a football program. GU moved over to the West Coast Athletic Conference in the summer of 1979, and the Big Sky added Nevada, now in the Mountain West Conference. The WCAC was shortened to today's WCC in 1989.
Sports sponsored
Baseball
Men's basketball
Men's basketball has been the most successful sport for the Bulldogs. Gonzaga home games have been played at the McCarthey Athletic Center since 2004. The Bulldogs opened the arena with a 100-game win streak, the longest at the time in the NCAA, eventually snapped in February 2007 by the Santa Clara Broncos.
The Bulldogs have established a reputation as one of the strongest consistently great teams in men's college basketball, having played in 22 consecutive NCAA tournaments and ascending to the #1 ranking in both major polls during the 2012–13 season. They are generally reckoned as one of the closest things to a major basketball power in a mid-major conference.
Notable alumni of Gonzaga basketball players include Hall of Famer John Stockton, Domantas Sabonis, Rui Hachimura, Kelly Olynyk, Adam Morrison, Ronny Turiaf, Brandon Clarke, Zach Collins, Dan Dickau, Austin Daye, Robert Sacre, Richie Frahm, J. P. Batista, Jeremy Pargo, Blake Stepp, Paul Rogers, Corey Kispert, and Jalen Suggs.
Women's basketball
Former teams
Football
Gonzaga last fielded a varsity football team in 1941. From 1892 to 1941 (excluding having no teams from 1894 to 1895 & 1900 to 1906), Gonzaga went 129–99–20.
Head coaches
Source:
Boxing
The university had a strong boxing program and shared the national title with Idaho in 1950 with a team composed of Carl Maxey, Eli Thomas, and Jim Reilly. Both Maxey and Thomas were undefeated over the course of the season, and Thomas would go on to win the individual championship after another undefeated season the following year. All three were inducted into Gonzaga's Athletic Hall of Fame, with Maxey and Thomas being inducted in 1988 and Reilly in 1989. Gonzaga dropped the sport in 1952, followed by Idaho in 1954, and the NCAA in 1960. Football star Tony Canadeo boxed during his senior year in 1941 at and was named team captain.
References
External links
is a railway station in Akiha-ku, Niigata, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East).
Lines
Niitsu Station is served by the following three lines.
It is the terminus of the Uetsu Main Line and the Banetsu West Line. It is also served by the Shinetsu Main Line, and is located 175.6 kilometers from the starting point of that line at .
Station layout
Niitsu Station has one side platform (1) and two island platforms (2/3, 4/5) connected by a footbridge. The station has a Midori no Madoguchi staffed ticket office. The platforms are not assigned to any particular line or service, but are used in common by all three lines serving the station.
History
Niitsu Station opened on 20 November 1897. With the privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987, the station came under the control of JR East.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2017, the station was used by an average of 4,341 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
Surrounding area
Japan Transport Engineering Company Niitsu Plant
Niigata University of Pharmacy and Applied Life Sciences
Gallery
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
JR East station information
Railway stations in Niigata Prefecture
Uetsu Main Line
Shin'etsu Main Line
Ban'etsu West Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1897
Railway stations in Niigata (city)
This is a list of animated television series scheduled to air/first aired in 2022.
See also
2022 in animation
2022 in anime
List of animated feature films of 2022
References
2022
2022
Television series
Animated series
2022-related lists
Station Master is a 1988 Telugu-language comedy-drama film, produced by S. Ambarish under the R.J.R. Productions banner, presented by Rao Gopal Rao and directed by Kodi Rama Krishna. It stars Rajendra Prasad, Rajasekhar, Ashwini, Jeevitha Rajasekhar and music composed by Chakravarthy. The film was recorded as a Super Hit at the box office.
Plot
The film begins with two blossom friends Rama Rao (Rajendra Prasad) & Chaitanya (Rajashekar) educated and unemployed guys. In the ongoing process of their job trials, they reach a railway station and acquainted with its Station Master (Rao Gopal Rao). In a small span of time, they get closer to him and his wife Lakshmi (Annapurna). Since the couple is childless, they adopt them. Meanwhile, the boys fall for two beautiful girls Pushpa (Jeevitha Rajashekar) & Rani (Ashwini) each of them with different mentalities. Time being, Chaitanya marries Pushpa & Rama Rao with Rani. Soon after, while struggling with life, it takes an unexpected turn for these four people. The rest of the story is about how Station Master makes them overcome the consequences which culminate in happiness.
Cast
Rajendra Prasad as Rama Rao
Rajasekhar as Chaitanya
Ashwini as Rani
Jeevitha Rajasekhar as Pushpa
Rao Gopal Rao as Station Master
Suthi Veerabhadra Rao as Kurmavataram
Suthi Velu as Talupulu
Rallapalli as Bhavavi Shankar Ramlohiya Tilak Hitler
Sakshi Ranga Rao as Manager Ranganayakulu
Mallikarjuna Rao as Menon
Chitti Babu as Gandabhirundam
Chidatala Appa Rao
Satti Babu
Juttu Narasimham as Rikshawala
Mithai Chitti
Gadiraju Subba Rao as Driver
Annapurna as Lakshmi
P.R.Varalakshmi as Pushpa's mother
Anitha as Doctor
Chandrika as Gabbala Subbamma
Y. Vijaya as Pollamma
Soundtrack
Music composed by Chakravarthy. Music released on AVM Audio Company.
References
Films directed by Kodi Ramakrishna
Films scored by K. Chakravarthy
1980s Telugu-language films
The Seven Bar Foundation is a social enterprise that uses cause marketing initiatives and the luxury lingerie industry to support microfinance. It is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization based out of New York, New York, that raises funds for microfinance institutions (MFIs) to help impoverished women start and expand their businesses.
Model
The Seven Bar Foundation is a social enterprise, a nonprofit that uses business models for social impact. The Foundation relies on commercial markets for a consistent revenue stream in place of relying on donor funding, which may be more unpredictable and limited. Seven Bar uses the European lingerie industry as a marketing platform.
History
Seven Bar is a third-generation family involved in general aviation, real estate development and investments established in New Mexico beginning in the 1950s. Seven Bar and the Black family established the Seven Bar Foundation in 2001 with activities in eight states, contributing to community development projects in each.
Logo
The pink bars in Seven Bar Foundation's logo representing a "ladder" – an exit strategy out of poverty for women. The concept is based on the eighth step of Maimonides' Golden Ladder, "To prevent poverty by teaching a trade, setting up a person in business, or in some other way preventing the need of charity."
Renata M. Black
Renata Mutis Black has fought poverty in 12 different countries, working with terminally disabled children in Hong Kong, mentally disabled elders in New Zealand, and victims of the 2004 tsunami in India. The events of the 2004 tsunami centralized her vision towards microfinance.
Black and her husband narrowly evaded the destruction of the tsunami when their flight to Thailand was cancelled because of a mechanical failure. After the disaster, Black immediately went to help rebuild the villages impacted by the catastrophic flooding. During this project, a woman from the region approached her and said, "I know you have money and I don't want it, but why don't you teach me how to make it myself?" This encounter sparked a new course for Black, who immersed herself in study on microloans and their impact on impoverished communities with 2006 Nobel Prize winner Muhammad Yunus. Black then applied her training by establishing a grassroots microfinance endeavor in India that exists to this day.
Having seen the transformative force of microfinance through her program in India, Black redirected the mission of the Seven Bar Foundation to fund these institutions on a consistent and global basis. She found that microfinance presents these women with the tools to create an exit strategy out of poverty and allows them to become self-sufficient.
Events
Lingerie New York
Operating on the tagline "empowering women on a G-string rather than a shoestring," Lingerie New York was produced by fashion week regular Lynne O'Neill and showcased the latest collections of lingerie designers Atsuko Kudo and Carine Gilson. It was held in October 2010 at NYC's historic landmark Cipriani 42nd Street. Michelle Rodriguez DJed the event and supermodel Veronica Webb showcased a "space lace" corset made of injection-molded fiberglass, designed by Dara Young. The event featured a performance by the Imaginaerial Entertainment Group, a cirque style aerial silk act in which eight aerialists constructed a human Y. Also in attendance were hosted Sofia Vergara and media and fashion mogul Russell Simmons. Lingerie New York raised over $200,000 in the name of microfinance for women.
Partners
Partners include Freedom Bay St Lucia, Royal Asscher, Hennessy Black, Fusion Beauty, and Nair.
Lingerie Miami
Lingerie Miami took place in front of the Vizcaya Palace in Coral Gables, Florida, on February 7, 2009, showcasing European lingerie designers Agent Provocateur, Fifi Chachnil, and Carine Gilson on the same stage for the first time. The event was hosted by Eva Longoria, co-hosted by Veronica Webb, DJed by high fashion model Ève Salvail, and featured guest speaker Deepak Chopra. Guests were served a three-course meal, cocktails by Belvedere and champagne by Moet & Chandon. Lingerie Miami featured a live and silent auction, including a private tour of the Desperate Housewives set in Los Angeles and a kiss with Eva Longoria that sold for $35,000. The event raised over $180,000, funding microloans for 2,233 women, and garnered over 177 million media impressions.
Products
LipFusion Lip Gloss by Fusion Beauty
Seven Bar Foundation and Fusion Beauty's "Kiss Away Poverty" campaign launched on September 15, 2009, with Kim Kardashian. For every $29 LipFusion lip gloss sold, $1 of the purchase went to Seven Bar. Fusion Beauty created a limited edition four-color LipFusion collection titled "Luxe Boudoir", which featured the Seven Bar logo on the packaging and the product itself, and retailed at all Sephora locations globally. In three months, the cause marketing campaign sold 100,667 lip glosses, translating to $100,667 in funds for the Foundation.
Stars of Africa Collection by Royal Asscher
Royal Asscher Diamond Company partnered with Seven Bar Foundation for Lingerie New York to present their "Stars of Africa Collection" by jewelry designer Reena Ahluwalia. The collection consists of rings, pendants, cufflinks and earrings "with diamonds encased in a fluid-filled sapphire dome, which allows them to fall freely, like snowflakes in a snow globe." Prices range from $1,250 to $2,250 for the "Shining Stars" line and $5,950 to $8,300 for the "Super Stars" line. For each piece sold, 50% of the profits go to the Foundation's microfinance fund.
See also
Kiva (organization)
Women's World Banking
Opportunity International
References
Seven Bar Foundation - About Us
Seven Bar Foundation - About Us - The Golden Ladder of Giving
Seven Bar Foundation - Director's Profile
Chopra, Deepak. "Renata M. Black, Founding Director of Seven Bar Foundation." The Soul of Leadership. New York: Harmony, 2010. Print.
The New York Times Style Magazine - Photo Diary | Lingerie New York
Party Builders Bonus Material: Supermodel Veronica Webb Talks Lingerie and Microfinance
Party Builders Bonus Material: Aerialists Construct a Human Y at Lingerie New York
Party Builders Episode 2: Lingerie New York Ready to Rock!
Seven Bar Foundation - Lingerie New York - Partners
Party Builders Episode 1: Lingerie New York Impacts the World with a Mix of Fashion and Microfinance
Style.com Lingerie Miami Brings the Sizzle
Seven Bar Foundation - Lingerie Miami 2009
Seven Bar Foundation - Fusion Beauty
Sephora - Fusion Beauty - LipFusion Luxe Boudoir
Social Miami - Lingerie Miami
Royal Asscher - Seven Bar Foundation - How It All Started
Royal Asscher - How Does It Work
Microfinance organizations
Social enterprises
Non-profit organizations based in New York (state)
Women's occupational organizations
501(c)(3) organizations
2001 establishments in New York City
Organizations established in 2001
In 1871, Ratu Seru Epenisa Cakobau, the Vunivalu (Warlord/Paramount Chief) of Bau, succeeded in unifying the previously warring tribes throughout the Fiji Islands by establishing the Kingdom of Viti, with the support of foreigners. Cakobau proceeded to set up a constitutional monarchy, in which both the legislature and the executive were dominated by foreigners.
List of premiers of Viti (1871–1874)
Following is a list of people who have served as premier of Viti.
All existing government institutions were dissolved when Fiji became a British crown colony on 10 October 1874.
See also
Prime Minister of Fiji
References
Kingdom of Viti, List of Premiers of
Premier of the Kingdom of Viti
1871 establishments in Fiji
1874 disestablishments in Fiji
Pyhäjärvi (1993–1995 Pyhäsalmi) is a town and municipality in the south of Northern Ostrobothnia region, Finland. Pyhäjärvi also borders the Northern Savonia and Central Finland regions. The town belongs to the subregion of Nivala–Haapajärvi. Its seat is in Pyhäsalmi.
Neighbouring municipalities are Haapajärvi, Kiuruvesi, Kärsämäki, Pielavesi, Pihtipudas and Pyhäntä. As the highway 4 (E75), the highway 27 and the Ylivieska–Iisalmi railway all run through the town, Pyhäjärvi is well situated in an intersection of communication and transport services. The town has also an airfield.
The town of Pyhäjärvi was founded in 1866, and it was then named after Lake Pyhäjärvi, a lake of and rich in fish. Pyhäjärvi became officially a town in January 1993. The town has inhabitants (), of whom some 60 percent live in the two population centres Pyhäsalmi and Ruotanen. It is the second smallest town of Finland in terms of population after Kaskinen in the Ostrobothnia region.
Pyhäjärvi contains Europe's deepest base metal mine, the deep Pyhäsalmi Mine from where zinc and copper is mined. Underground mining was due to end in 2019, but has been granted approximately 14 months more of mining activity due to an increase in demand for pyrite from Yara in Siilinjärvi. The on-surface refinery will be operational until 2025. The mine facilities and the associated infrastructure will be used for underground business and research under the Callio Pyhäsalmi project.
See also
Outokumpu, Finland
Siilinjärvi
References
External links
Town of Pyhäjärvi – Official website
Cities and towns in Finland
Mining towns in Finland
Populated places established in 1866
1866 establishments in the Russian Empire
Populated lakeshore places in Finland
Michael Buncic is an American discus thrower who is a two time US Olympian and former NCAA record holder in the men's discus throw. Born to Yugoslavian parents he represented the US in international competition. He participated at the 1988 and 1992 Summer Olympics. In addition he competed in three World Track and Field Championships representing the United States, 1991 Tokyo, Japan, 1993 Stuttgart, Germany, and 1995 Goteborg, Sweden. He is a four time Olympic and World Championship finalist in the Men's Discus Throw.
Buncic had the world's longest Discus Throw for the 1991 season on April 4, 1991, of 227'7" at Fresno, California. He was the US National Champion in 1995. This US championship followed having previously finished as runner-up a total of six times. He retired from competition in 1996.
Buncic competed for the University of Kentucky where he was a multiple SEC Champion, record holder, and All-American in the shot put and discus throw. He represented the US in the World University Games twice; 1985, Kobe, Japan; 1987, Zagreb, Yugoslavia.
He was the US National Junior Champion in the Discus Throw in 1981.
He holds a Masters of Science degree in Molecular Biology from San Jose State University.
Buncic is now a human physiology teacher at Wilcox High School in Santa Clara, California.
International competitions
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20060110033125/http://www.macthrowvideo.com/downloads/Buncic_01.mpeg
This throw took place at the 1987 Modesto Invitational in Modesto CA. The winning throw, it was measured at 214 feet. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r5ok4pPgVYA
1962 births
Athletes (track and field) at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1992 Summer Olympics
American male discus throwers
Olympic track and field athletes of the United States
Living people
Kentucky Wildcats men's track and field athletes
San Jose State University alumni
Sportspeople from Paterson, New Jersey
Track and field athletes from California
American people of Yugoslav descent
Goodwill Games medalists in athletics
Competitors at the 1990 Goodwill Games
Competitors at the 1986 Goodwill Games
Kata'ib al-Imam Ali (, Kataʾib al-ʾImām ʿAlīy), also known as the Imam Ali Battalions, are the armed wing of the Islamic Movement of Iraq (Harakat al-Iraq al-Islamiyah) and serve as part of the umbrella organization "Popular Mobilization Forces", Kata'ib al-Imam Ali is prominently involved in the Iraqi Civil War, fighting against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL).
History
Kata'ib al-Imam Ali came into existence in June 2014 as the armed wing of the Harakat al-Iraq al-Islamiyah (Movement of the Islamic Iraq) party. While its emergence was linked to the large-scale Shia mobilization after the escalation of Iraq's Sunni Arab insurgency into a full-out civil war, Kata'ib al-Imam Ali is closely connected to older Iraqi Shia Islamist organizations, parties and militias, as well as to the Iranian Quds Force. The group's secretary general Shibl al-Zaydi is affiliated with the Sadrist Movement, and was at one point member of the anti-American Mahdi Army. Kata'ib al-Imam Ali also appears to enjoy the favour of Abu Mahdi al-Muhandis, leader of the Popular Mobilization Forces, who has at times even personally led the group into battle. Thanks to these links, Kata'ib al-Imam Ali is well-equipped and has been able to recruit veteran militants, allowing a "meteoric growth".
Notably, Kata'ib al-Imam Ali has also attempted to rally Syriac Christian Assyrians to its cause since its formation, based on a purported affinity between Shia Islam and Christians and the supposed betrayal of the Iraqi Christians by Iraqi Kurdistan in course of the Fall of Mosul. In line with these attempts, the group has formed its own, though minor, Christian unit, the "Spirit of God Jesus Son of Mary Battalions".
In late 2014, one of the group's commanders, Abu Azrael, gained prominence after appearing in the media armed with axes, swords and machine guns.
In 2015, Kata'ib al-Imam Ali began to send its fighters to Syria, allegedly to protect the Sayyidah Zaynab Shrine, and participated in the Second Battle of Tikrit. In early 2016, its fighters were involved in the Syrian government offensive to reconquer Palmyra and Tadmur from ISIL, and later that year, Kata'ib al-Imam Ali took part in the Battle of Mosul and the Aleppo offensive (November–December 2016).
See also
Popular Mobilization Forces
List of armed groups in the Iraqi Civil War
Holy Shrine Defender
References
External links
Anti-ISIL factions in Iraq
Anti-ISIL factions in Syria
Popular Mobilization Forces
Pro-government factions of the Syrian civil war
Shia Islamist groups
Islamism in Iraq
Paramilitary organizations based in Iraq
Military units and formations established in 2014
Anti-Americanism
Military wings of political parties
Jihadist groups in Iraq
Jihadist groups in Syria
Anti-Zionist organizations
Anti-Zionism in Iraq
Axis of Resistance
Evelynn may refer to:
Evelynn, Agony's Embrace, a playable champion character in the video game League of Legends and its associated virtual band K/DA
Evelynn (band), an American band of the 1990s and 2000s
People with the name
Evelynn M. Hammonds (born 1950), American feminist scholar
Evlynn Smith (birth name Evelynn Anne Smith; 1962–2003), Scottish artist
Ewelina Lisowska (born 1991), Polish singer who uses the stage name Evelynn Nurth
See also
Evelyn (disambiguation)
Evelyn (name)
Oiyl (, ) is a district of Aktobe Region in Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the selo of Oiyl. Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Aktobe Region
Kick IIIII (stylized as kiCK iiiii) is the eighth studio album by Venezuelan record producer and singer Arca. The album was surprise released on 3 December 2021 as the fifth and final entry in the Kick quintet. The album was released with no singles or prior announcement.
Background
Upon the release of Kick I, news surfaced that Arca would be releasing two more Kick albums to make a trilogy. The artist took to Pitchfork to say: "There will be four volumes. The third one is a little bit more introverted than Kick I, a little bit more like my self-titled album, I guess. The fourth one is piano only, no vocals. Right now, the least defined one, strangely, is the third one. It's all gestating right now [...] Each Kick exists in a kind of quantum state until the day that I send it to mastering. I try to not commit until I have to. But I have a vision for it. The second one is heavy on backbeats, vocal manipulation, mania, and craziness."
Kick IIIII would end up being similar to Arca's previous description of the fourth entry, focusing entirely on quieter ambient pieces, focused mainly on piano, plucked strings and swirling pads. Famed Japanese composer Ryuichi Sakamoto makes a guest vocal appearance on "Sanctuary".
Critical reception
On review aggregate site Metacritic, Kick IIIII received a score of 77 out of 100, based on reviews from 13 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
Track listing
Sample credits
"Sanctuary" contains samples of previous Arca tracks: "Ave María", "Gestation" & "La Exorcista"
Interpolates
"Sanctuary" contains interpolation of previous Arca tracks: "Construct", "Diva" & "Alien Inside"
"Fireprayer" contains interpolation of "Fire Meet Gasoline" by Sia
References
Arca (musician) albums
2021 albums
Surprise albums
XL Recordings albums
Albums produced by Arca (musician)
Ambient albums
Contemporary classical music albums
Electroacoustic music albums
Sequel albums
Waña Quta (Aymara waña dry, quta lake, "dry lake", Hispanicized spellings Huanacota, Guañacoba, Guañacota, Huañacota, Huna Khota) is a lake in Bolivia located in the Cochabamba Department, Capinota Province, Santiváñez Municipality, Waña Quta Canton and Santiváñez Canton. It is situated south east of the village Waña Quta and east of the town Santiváñez at a height of about 2,752 metres (9,029 ft).
References
Lakes of Cochabamba Department
is a cold egg sauce in French cuisine, made by emulsifying hard-boiled egg yolks and mustard with a neutral oil like canola or grapeseed. The sauce is finished with chopped pickled cucumbers, capers, parsley, chervil and tarragon. It also includes hard-boiled egg whites cut in a julienne.
Classically, may be served with boiled chicken, fish (hot or cold), calf's head, tripe, or cold terrine. Modern variations may see paired with vegetables, too, such as asparagus, charred lettuce or leeks, or even served as a dip.
See also
Mayonnaise
Tartar sauce
Notes
French sauces
Egg-based sauces
Ypsolopha leuconotella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is found from Slovakia, Hungary and Romania east to Russia (South Siberian Mountains and the Amur and Primorye Regions), Kazakhstan, Japan and China.
The wingspan is 11–18 mm.
References
External links
lepiforum.de
Ypsolophidae
Moths of Asia
Moths of Europe
Nils Jörgen Sundqvist (born 1 May 1962 in Arvidsjaur) is a Swedish former alpine skier who competed in the 1984 and 1988 Winter Olympics.
External links
sports-reference.com
1962 births
Swedish male alpine skiers
Alpine skiers at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Olympic alpine skiers of Sweden
People from Arvidsjaur Municipality
Living people
Sportspeople from Norrbotten County
Arnold Lorand (1865–1943) was an Austrian physician and longevity researcher.
Biography
Lorand was a physician to the spa at Carlsbad, Czechoslovakia during the early 20th century. He was also a longevity researcher. He has been described as a pioneer of modern geriatric medicine.
Lorand believed that slowing down of the blood stream from bad dieting is a main cause of old age. He believed it was possible to prevent premature old age by consuming a diet largely of milk products, brown bread, fruit and vegetables. Lorand argued against a strict vegetarian diet, "true vegetarians frequently present a pale, unhealthy and prematurely aged appearance". Instead, he promoted an ovo-lacto vegetarian diet (a vegetarian diet with eggs and milk).
Lorand believed that the consumption of meat is only beneficial for youths during the period of growth. He argued that adults should abstain from consuming meat. He stated that "a milk-egg-vegetable diet is the best and at the same time the most rational for mankind." Lorand recommended people to drink water or their skin will suffer from premature wrinkling.
Works
Old Age Deferred
In his book Old Age Deferred (first published in 1911), Lorand documented hygienic and therapeutic measures to postpone old age. He argued that old age resulted from the "degeneration of the ductless (endocrine) glands)". The book went through four printings within fifteen months of appearing in America.
Lorand denounced excessive use of alcohol and tobacco. In the book, Lorand presented "twelve commandments" to prolong life. These included healthy dieting and the regular use of bathing, exercise, open air and rest. He believed the commandments could
prolong life until one hundred years or more.
Health and Longevity Through Rational Diet
Lorand's Health and Longevity Through Rational Diet (first published in 1912), is a work on dietetics and was positively reviewed by the medical community. American physician Victor C. Vaughan wrote a supportive introduction for the book. The Massachusetts Medical Journal concluded it is of "high calibre and worthy of high recommendation". The Pacific Medical Journal commented that "no work of modern times has given to the profession such a complete volume on rational diet". A review in the American Journal of Pharmacy was entirely positive, considering it free from fads and a serious work on dietetics. Likewise, The New England Medical Gazette commented that Lorand "presents no fad or hobby, but bases his many practical suggestions upon sound physiology." The Journal of the American Medical Association recommended the book for the layman and the practitioner.
Selected publications
Old Age Deferred (1911, 1913)
Health and Longevity Through Rational Diet (1912, 1921)
Building Human Intelligence (1917)
Life Shortening Habits and Rejuvenation (1922)
The Ultra-Violet Rays (1928)
References
1865 births
1943 deaths
20th-century Austrian physicians
Austrian medical writers
Vegetarianism activists
Poonthalir () is a 1979 Indian Tamil-language film, directed by Devaraj–Mohan, starring Sivakumar and Sujatha. The music was scored by Ilaiyaraaja. The film was a remake of Hindi film Aakhri Khat (1966). The film, Sivakumar's 101st as an actor, was a success.
Plot
Ashok (Sivakumar), an artist/sculptor, falls in love with and marries Maya, a poor Keralite woman (Sujatha), but they become separated when Ashok leaves for a prolonged assignment in the USA. When he comes back after a few years and looks for his wife, he receives a letter from her that conveys a strange message to him and he soon finds out that she has died due to a terminal illness and that their child (master Anand)has gone missing. He then starts a desperate search for this lost child with the help of a dedicated police officer and whether he succeeds in his quest forms the rest of the story.
Cast
Sivakumar
Sujatha
Master Anand
Suruli Rajan
Manorama
Soundtrack
The music was composed by Ilaiyaraaja.
References
External links
1970s Tamil-language films
1978 films
Films about babies
Films scored by Ilaiyaraaja
Indian drama films
Tamil remakes of Hindi films
Cameraria agrifoliella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from California, United States, and British Columbia, Canada.
The wingspan is 7.5–9 mm.
The larvae feed on Chrysolepis chrysophylla, Quercus agrifolia and Quercus virginiana. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine is found on the upperside of the leaf. It has an irregular shape, either circular or ovoid. The epidermis is opaque greenish yellow and often found across a midrib. The pupa is formed under a flat nearly circular semi-transparent web, the upper epidermis is thrown into a longitudinal fold.
References
External links
mothphotographersgroup
Cameraria (moth)
Moths of North America
Taxa named by Annette Frances Braun
Moths described in 1908
Leaf miners
Lepidoptera of the United States
The Best of National Lampoon No.1 was a humorous American book that was first published in 1971. The book was a special issue of National Lampoon magazine, so it was sold on newsstands. However, it was put out in addition to the regular issues of the magazine. The book was a "best-of", an anthology, a compilation of pieces that had already been published in the magazine, pieces that had been created by regular contributors to National Lampoon.
Several of the written pieces were created by Michael O'Donoghue, Doug Kenney, Henry Beard, Michel Choquette, Tony Hendra, and there was both writing and artwork by Arnold Roth. The cover featured the illustration "Mona Gorilla" by Rick Meyerowitz.
References
Contents page shown at Mark's Very Large National Lampoon Site
Amazon listing
National Lampoon books
1971 books
Belarus will be represented by 42 athletes at the 2010 European Athletics Championships held in Barcelona, Spain.
Participants
Men
Track and road events
Field events
1 Mikhnevich originally won the gold medal in 21.01 m in the final and 20.35 (4 Q) in qualification) but were disqualified in 2013 (his results from 2005 World Championships was canceled).
Combined events
Women
Track and road events
Field events
Combined events
Results
References
Participants list (men)
Participants list (women)
Nations at the 2010 European Athletics Championships
2010
European Athletics Championships
The La Posa Plain is a wide, generally flat plain in western Arizona near the Colorado River and is on the west and northwest border of the Kofa National Wildlife Refuge. The plain lies to the east of the Colorado River Indian Reservation and east of the Dome Rock and Trigo Mountains. Quartzsite, Arizona, lies on the western part of the plain, which crosses both Interstate 10 and U.S. Route 95.
The Plomosa, New Water and Kofa ranges border to the east. To the south the plain terminates at a drainage divide between the Castle Dome Mountains to the southeast and the Chocolate Mountains to the southwest.
The northern reaches of the plain is crossed by the Bouse Wash west of Bouse and extends on to east of Parker, terminating along the Cactus Plain south of the Buckskin Mountains. Arizona State Route 72 crosses the plain between Bouse and Parker.
References
California Road and Recreation Atlas, 2005, p. 114
Plains of Arizona
Landforms of La Paz County, Arizona
Landforms of Yuma County, Arizona
Sonoran Desert
Fred Jonathan Carnage (April 16, 1894 – March 5, 1988) was an American attorney.
Early life
Fred Jonathan Carnage was born in Thomasville, Georgia, United States on April 16, 1894 to Caroline and Calvin Carnage. His father was a railway worker and his grandfather was enslaved. He received his primary and secondary education at the Allen Normal School in Thomasville. He attended Morgan State College in Baltimore, graduating in 1923, before studying law at Howard University in Washington D. C. He graduated with a Bachelor of Laws in 1926. He moved to Raleigh, North Carolina the following year and was hired as an agent by the North Carolina Mutual Life Insurance Company, eventually becoming an assistant manager. He married Mary E. Coleman on December 18, 1932 in Virginia. They had one daughter together.
Career
Legal career
In 1932 Carnage passed the North Carolina bar examination and established a law practice in the Love Drug Store building in Raleigh, thus becoming the second black lawyer in the city. Later that year he moved his offices to East Hargett Street, where they remained for the rest of his career. Early on in his career the primarily black residents of the Lincoln Park and College Park neighborhoods in Raleigh were aggrieved that they were taxed the same rate as other city residents but did not receive sewage and water services. The residents signed a petition and Carnage lobbied before the North Carolina General Assembly to build the requisite facilities. The issue resolved when the municipal government agreed to lay water and sewage infrastructure in the area.
In the 1932 Carnage helped established a Negro Voters League, which successfully registered 1,500 black people to vote. The Wake County Board of Elections struck the names from its registration roles, and Carnage and another attorney sued for them to be restored before the North Carolina Supreme Court. This was done after some tests were administered to the prospective voters. In 1946 he secured the conviction of white grocer for assaulting a black woman whom he represented. Carnage was opposed to racial segregation in businesses, and once told a judge that he believed if an establishment advertised itself as open to the public, it could not claim to discriminate against customers on the grounds that it operated on private property. In 1961 he served as a defense council for three Shaw University students who had been arrested during a sit-in. On February 6, 1962 he was the first black person appointed to the North Carolina Advisory Committee to the Chief of Protocol.
School board and civic activities
As a member of the Negro Citizens Committee, Carnage and two others spoke before a committee of the General Assembly to secure land for the creation of a public black park in Raleigh. This succeeded, and John Chavis Memorial Park was opened in 1938. During World War II he created a United Service Organizations chapter to entertain black soldiers in Raleigh. In 1947 Raleigh abolished its city commission government in favor of a new council–manager system. Carnage and another black man launched unsuccessful candidacies for seats on the new Raleigh City Council, though Carnage obtained 1,920 votes.
On February 15, 1949, Carnage was appointed to a seat on the Raleigh Board of Education by the Raleigh City Council, thus becoming the first black person to serve on the body and the second black person to serve on a local school board in North Carolina. At the time, one third of Raleigh's public school students were black, and the appointment was made to give them representation. He participated in the groundbreaking ceremony for John W. Ligon Junior-Senior High School in November 1951. The United States Supreme Court later ruled that racial segregation in public schools was unconstitutional, and in February 1956 he became the first Raleigh school board member to voice support for the decision, saying, "Children should have a better understanding of each other. The American Negro has suffered under the current setup." When asked about black people's goals vis a vis integration efforts, Carnage said he thought blacks were primarily concerned with equal economic opportunity and did not support "forced integration". Raleigh's public schools began integrating in 1960, and the following year he was the only board member to vote in favor of a petition to allow a black student to be admitted to Broughton High School. He explained his decision to the board, saying, "The sooner a few Negro children enter these schools and the public finds they are just like other children, the sooner the whole thing will be settled." Carnage left the school board in 1962. The board unanimously named a junior high school after him in September 1965. In his later life he would visit the school annually as a guest speaker.
Later life
Carnage continued to practice law until he died on March 5, 1988.
References
Works cited
1894 births
1988 deaths
African-American history in Raleigh, North Carolina
People from Thomasville, Georgia
American Beauty is the seventh novel in the A-List series by Zoey Dean. It was released in 2006 through Megan Tingley Publishers.
Plot summary
It is graduation time for the A-List crew. That means lavish yacht parties, designer caps and gowns, and saying bye-bye to high school for good. Despite the festivities, Anna is not in a partying mood. Ben has been acting distant and she is worried. Maybe her father's hot tattooed intern, Caine Manning, will help cheer Anna up! Ever since her illicit kiss with Parker, Sam has been Eduardo-less and heartbroken. But hopefully Sam will use her brains and considerable means to get creative about winning Eduardo back. And infamous Cammie? She could not care less about graduation, not when she is so close to unraveling the mystery of her mother's death. She will stop at nothing to find out the truth.
The book starts out with Anna driving to Sam's pre-graduation party on her father's new yacht. While talking to Cyn, her best friend from New York, she stops to let a couple cross the street, and a woman hits the back of her car.
References
2006 American novels
American young adult novels
Little, Brown and Company books
The large woodshrike (Tephrodornis virgatus) is found in south-eastern Asia, Sumatra, Java, and Borneo. Its natural habitats are temperate forest, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest, subtropical or tropical mangrove forest, and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
Taxonomy and systematics
It is usually placed in the family Vangidae. The Malabar woodshrike is sometimes considered conspecific with the large woodshrike.
References
large woodshrike
Birds of Eastern Himalaya
Birds of Bangladesh
Birds of Southeast Asia
large woodshrike
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Gene Breen is a former linebacker in the National Football League.
Biography
Breen was born Joseph Eugene Breen on June 21, 1941 in Crafton, Pennsylvania.
Career
Breen was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the fifteenth round of the 1963 NFL Draft and played with the team during the 1964 NFL season. He had also been drafted in the sixteenth round of the 1963 AFL Draft by the San Diego Chargers. Following his time with the Packers, he played two seasons with the Pittsburgh Steelers and two seasons with the Los Angeles Rams.
He played defensive line at the collegiate level for Virginia Tech and was awarded All Southern Conference honors. He also wrestled at Virginia Tech, where he won the Southern Conference Championship at Heavyweight division. Breen was elected to the Virginia Tech Sports Hall of Fame in 2004.
See also
List of Green Bay Packers players
List of Pittsburgh Steelers players
References
1941 births
Living people
People from Crafton, Pennsylvania
Green Bay Packers players
Pittsburgh Steelers players
Los Angeles Rams players
American football linebackers
Virginia Tech alumni
Virginia Tech Hokies football players
Players of American football from Pennsylvania
Branislav Hrnjiček (Serbian Cyrillic: Бранислав Хрњичек; 5 June 1908 – 2 July 1964) was a Serbian football player and manager.
He spent all of his playing career in Belgrade, having played mostly for SK Jugoslavija; the exception being the two seasons he spent playing between 1930 and 1932 with BASK.
He played a total of five matches for the Yugoslavia national football team and scored once. His debut was in a Balkan Cup match on 6 October 1929, against Romania in Bucharest, a 2–1 loss, and his last match was in a friendly against Argentina on 3 August 1930, in Buenos Aires, a 3–1 loss. His only goal was in a match against Bulgaria in a 6–1 win. He was part of the Yugoslav team in the 1930 FIFA World Cup, but didn't play a single match.
After ending his playing career, he worked as a football coach for some period in Israel. He died at 56 years of age, while preparing to continue his coaching career in Germany.
His grandson is Boris Hrnjicek.
References
External links
Profile at Serbian Federation site
1908 births
1964 deaths
Sportspeople from Belgrade
Serbian footballers
Yugoslav footballers
Yugoslavia international footballers
1930 FIFA World Cup players
Association football midfielders
SK Jugoslavija players
FK BASK players
Serbian football managers
Yugoslav football managers
FK Željezničar Sarajevo managers
Kiata Wind Farm is a small wind farm located along the Western Highway south east of Nhill. The wind farm is owned by Windlab, the John Laing Group and some local shareholders. The turbines were built by Keppel Prince and assembled at the site by Windlab. It was "officially opened" by Lily D'Ambrosio on Australia Day 2018. According to Kiata Wind Farm director Rob Fisher, the Kiata turbines "are the biggest turbines operating in Australia to date." The ABC reported that some of the local landholders would become part owners "via a community investment model."
Operations
The wind farm began grid commissioning in November 2017 and was fully commissioned in December 2017 and has operated continuously since then. The generation table uses eljmkt nemlog to obtain generation values for each month. The URL must be formatted as: "http://nemlog.com.au/show/unit/YYYYMMDD/YYYYMMDD/?k1=GENCODE" Kiata's code is KIATAWF1, so that is used.
Note: Asterisk indicates power output was limited during the month.
See also
List of wind farms in Victoria
Wind power in Australia
References
Wind farms in Victoria (Australia)
2018 establishments in Australia
Paul Lacombe (born June 12, 1990) is a French professional basketball player for ASVEL of the French LNB Pro A.
Professional career
Lacome won the French League championship in 2009. He won the French League Cup in 2010, 2015, and 2018. He won also won the French Federation Cup in 2015.
In 2017, he was named the French League's Most Improved Player.
National team career
Lacombe was a member of the French Under-18, Under-19, and Under-20 junior national teams. While playing with the senior French national team, Lacombe won the bronze medal at the 2019 FIBA World Cup.
References
External links
Euroleague.net Profile
FIBA Profile
FIBA Europe Profile
ProBallers.com Profile
French League Profile
Eurobasket.com Profile
1990 births
Living people
AS Monaco Basket players
ASVEL Basket players
French men's basketball players
People from Vénissieux
Shooting guards
SIG Basket players
Small forwards
Sportspeople from Lyon Metropolis
The Dirty Shepherdess is a French fairy tale collected by Paul Sébillot. Andrew Lang included it in The Green Fairy Book.
Plot summary
A king asked his two daughters how much they loved him. His older said as the apple of her eye. The younger said as much as the salt on her food. He ordered her out of the kingdom. She went, with her dresses and jewels. She made herself ugly, so that a farmwife would not be unready to lease her, and wore a beggar's clothing. Finally, she was leased as a shepherdess. One day, she dressed herself in her fine gowns just to remember. The prince, hunting, saw her, and asked who the beautiful woman was who tended the sheep, garnering much ridicule. The prince fell ill with longing, and said that only a loaf of bread baked by the shepherdess would cure him. She made it, and her ring fell into the dough. When he ate it, he found the ring and declared he would marry only the woman whose finger it fitted. When every other woman had tried it, he insisted on the shepherdess as well, and the ring fit her. She dressed herself in her fine gowns, and the king agreed to the wedding.
She insisted that they ask her father's permission and invite him to the wedding. She had his food cooked without salt, and he realized that he had misinterpreted her words.
Analysis
This tale seems related to the common fairy tale classified as Aarne-Thompson-Uther Index ATU 923, "Love Like Salt", in which a father rejects his youngest daughter for a statement of her love that does not please him.
See also
Cap O' Rushes
Donkeyskin
The Goat Girl
The Goose-Girl at the Well
Water and Salt
External links
The Dirty Shepherdess
Female characters in fairy tales
French fairy tales
Fictional princesses
ATU 850-999
The Senior Soccer Bowl Classic was founded in 1972 by the Intercollegiate Soccer Association of America (ISAA) to be a forum where top college soccer players could compete in an all-star game and where professional soccer scouts could come to see America's best players.
In its 12th year, Senior Soccer Bowl '83 was hosted at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas. The coach for the East All Stars was Dieter Ficken from Columbia University, and the coach for the West All Stars was Bill Coupe from the University of California Berkeley. In that same year, Dieter was also named NCAA Men's Coach of the Year.
In 1983, the Intercollegiate Soccer Association of America (ISSA) began recognizing the best U.S. college soccer goalkeeper and annually awarding the ISAA Goalkeeper of the Year. Between 1984 and 1995, it began recognizing outstanding men's NCAA soccer players and awarding the ISAA Player of the Year.
The Intercollegiate Soccer Association of America (ISAA) was a service organization of institutions that sponsored intercollegiate soccer. It supported, served and promoted institutions, coaches and players from its member institutions through service and award programs. It was founded on the East Coast in 1926 and maintained an organizational membership in the NCAA, the NAIA and the USSF. In 1996, the ISAA entered into a partnership with the National Soccer Coaches Association of America (NSCAA), who now manages former ISAA programs. The ISAA publication, College Soccer Almanac, continues to be published by the NSCAA as a benefit to College Services members.
Senior Bowl Scores
( * ) NCAA Men's Player of the Year (Hermann Trophy)
1972 (Orlando, Florida) East 2 West 0
MVP: Herb Austin
1973 (Orlando, Florida) West 1 East 0
OUTSTANDING OFFENSIVE PLAYER: *Dan Counce
1974 (Winter Park, Florida) West 3 East 2
OUTSTANDING OFFENSIVE PLAYER: *Farrukh Quraishi
OUTSTANDING DEFENSIVE PLAYER: Bruce Hudson
1975 (Orlando, Florida) West 2 East 0
OUTSTANDING OFFENSIVE PLAYER: John Stremlau
OUTSTANDING DEFENSIVE PLAYER: Sam Bick
1976 (Orlando, Florida) East 1 West 0
OUTSTANDING OFFENSIVE PLAYER: Bruce Rudroff
OUTSTANDING DEFENSIVE PLAYER: Kevin Eagan
1977 (Orlando, Florida) East 3 West 2
OUTSTANDING OFFENSIVE PLAYER: Mike Ortiz
OUTSTANDING DEFENSIVE PLAYER: John Nusum
1978 (Orlando, Florida) West 4 East 3
OUTSTANDING OFFENSIVE PLAYER: Papa Jobe
OUTSTANDING DEFENSIVE PLAYER: Ron Schneider
1979 (Tampa, Florida) East 4 West 2
OUTSTANDING OFFENSIVE PLAYER: Shahin Shayan
OUTSTANDING DEFENSIVE PLAYER: Ken Davy
1980 (Ft. Lauderdale, Florida) West 5 East 4
OUTSTANDING OFFENSIVE PLAYER: Ole Mikkelsen
OUTSTANDING DEFENSIVE PLAYER: Saeid Baghvardani
1981 (Tulsa, Oklahoma) East 3 West 2
1982 (Tulsa, Oklahoma) West 1 East 0
OUTSTANDING OFFENSIVE PLAYER: Gerry Rearden
OUTSTANDING DEFENSIVE PLAYER: Ed Gettemeier
1983 (Las Vegas, Nevada) West 4 East 0
External links
2009 College Soccer Almanac, Intercollegiate Soccer Association of America, 2009
Soccer Journal, NSCAA
Notes
Soccer competitions in the United States
Amy Griffin (; born October 25, 1965) is an American soccer coach and former player. As a player, Griffin played for the United States women's national soccer team and won the 1991 FIFA Women's World Cup. She is currently the head coach of the United States deaf soccer women's national team.
Early life
Griffin grew up in Federal Way, Washington where she attended Decatur High School and played for the club soccer team, F.C. Royals.
University of Central Florida
Griffin attended the University of Central Florida where she played goalkeeper for the Knights from 1984–1987. In 1987, she was named NCAA's Adidas Goalkeeper of the Year. Griffin and teammate Michelle Akers helped lead UCF to three NCAA Tournament appearances, including a trip to the Final Four in 1987.
Griffin was inducted into the Central Florida Hall of Fame in 1999, the school's second women's soccer honoree. The first was her teammate at UCF, Michelle Akers.
Playing career
International
Griffin played for the United States women's national soccer team from 1987–1991 and was on the squad that won the first ever FIFA Women's World Cup in 1991. In 23 career national team starts (with 24 caps), she posted a 12–8–3 record with a 0.99 goals against average.
International career statistics
Coaching career
Griffin was one of the first nine women to obtain a United States Soccer Federation (USSF) level "A" coaching license. She is active in the Olympic Development program and coached at the 1995 U.S. Olympic Sports Festival. In 1998, she became a staff coach for both the NSCAA and the U.S. Soccer Federation.
Griffin was head coach at the University of New Mexico where she started the program in 1993. The New Mexico Lobos posted a 27–24–1 record under Griffin, including a 10–7–3 mark in 1995 en route to a second-place finish in the Western Athletic Conference. Prior to that, she served as assistant coach at San Diego State University. Griffin later re-joined Lesle Gallimore, former head coach at San Diego State, at the University of Washington and has spent over a decade with the Huskies, most recently as Associate Head Coach.
Griffin was an assistant coach at Santa Clara University from 1989–1991. She was also an assistant coach at her alma mater, University of Central Florida.
In 2012, Griffin was a goalkeeper coach for the United States under-20 women's national soccer team and helped guide the team to gold at the 2012 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup.
In 2015, Griffin was announced as the new US Deaf Women's National Team's head coach for soccer.
Broadcasting career
Griffin served as broadcast commentator with NBC, ESPN and Fox Network. She provided analysis for ESPN2 during the 1995 and 1999 women's soccer World Cups and was the color analyst for NBC's 2000 Sydney Olympic coverage.
Health concerns with Artificial turf
Amy Griffin has played an important role by bringing forward concerns about the health of women soccer players, particularly goalkeepers. She collected data about athletes with cancer who have played on artificial turf containing "crumb rubber". As of 2015, her list of 200 athletes with cancer contained 150 soccer players, 95 of whom were goalkeepers.
References
External links
Washington coach profile
UCF player profile
United States women's international soccer players
University of Central Florida alumni
Living people
1991 FIFA Women's World Cup players
UCF Knights women's soccer players
Washington Huskies women's soccer coaches
Soccer players from Washington (state)
People from Federal Way, Washington
American women's soccer players
American soccer coaches
1965 births
FIFA Women's World Cup-winning players
Women's association football goalkeepers
Female sports coaches
New Mexico Lobos women's soccer coaches
Pseudovenanides is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae. There is at least one described species in Pseudovenanides, P. hunanus, found in China.
References
Microgastrinae
Lower East Chezzetcook () is a rural community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
References
Communities in Halifax, Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
My Football Summer (, literally "A Miraculous Summer") is a 2006 documentary film directed by Yang Li-chou and Chang Rong-ji about a group of young aboriginal football players in pursuit of a dream.
Origin
In the beginning of 2006, Yang was commissioned by Nike Taiwan to make a 5-minute-long commercial for the upcoming 2006 FIFA World Cup, in Germany. During the filming, Yang felt the story was too touching to be fulfilled by only four short videos, and therefore he decided to extend the project into a feature-length documentary and asked his student and cameraman, Chang, to be the co-director.
Synopsis
In Hualien, players of Mei Lun Junior High School () football team are preparing for the upcoming National High School Games, which is one of the major youth football competitions in Taiwan. It is the last, and the most important, game in their three years of junior-high-school life. They are eager to win, not only because they are the defending champion, but also they want to devote the title to their beloved coach, Wu Hsiao-yin, as his wedding gift.
Things go well in the beginning. They beat every team they encounter and eventually reach the final, in which they meet their major contender, Alian Junior High School (阿蓮國中) of Kaohsiung County. They make 2-2 at the full-time whistle, and lose the game in the penalty shootout.
The life keeps going on. After graduation, some players enter National Hualien Senior High School, whereas the others enter Hualien Vocational High School of Agriculture. They meet each other again in a friendly match between the two school teams, but they are now competitors.
Multimedia
Trailers:
Nike commercials:
Honor
Team
Heart
Joy
Behind the scenes
Honors
2006 Golden Horse Award for Best Documentary
Follow-up
In November 2006, Hualien Vocational High School of Agriculture gained victory over Lu Chu Senior High School, which consisted of many players from A Lien Junior High School, in the final of men's under-17 group of 2006 National Youth Cup.
References
External links
My Football Summer official site
My Football Summer at Serenity Entertainment International official site
My Football Summer at Asian Film Market
My Football Summer at Taipei Times
Official forum
Football at Taiwan Nike official site
Official blog of Mei Lun Junior High School football team
Taiwanese sports films
2006 films
Football in Taiwan
Documentary films about association football
Taiwanese documentary films
The MAC-16 (or LEC-16) was a 16-bit minicomputer introduced in 1969 by Lockheed Electronics. One main selling point of the MAC-16 was a dedicated context switching system that completed operations in two machine cycles. Several improved versions were introduced, including the MAC Jr., Sue, and System III, but the company dropped support for all of these in the late 1970s.
The MAC-16 was designed to support various high-performance military and civilian roles, and thus spent a considerable amount of time on guaranteeing high speed context switching to support real-time computing. A switch to and from an interrupt handler took only 2 cycles. The original MAC-16 operated with a 1 μS cycle time using core memory and TTL integrated circuits. Lockheed advertised the machine with the slogan "In by 12:34:45.000000, out by 12:34:45.000002". The system featured 64 interrupt levels, allowing considerable flexibility in software design.
Like any machine based on a 16-bit instruction register, the original MAC-16 was able to address up to 64 kilo-words (kW, 128 kB) of RAM. At the time, RAM was provided in the form of hand-wired core memory, which cost about $1 per word. Most MAC-16 machines thus featured considerably less than 64 kW, and 8 kW systems were common as this was all that was needed to support a Fortran compiler. Third-party memory expansion products were available for about half the cost of the Lockheed parts.
One well-known role for the MAC-16 was Lockheed's winning entry for the Federal Aviation Administration's "ARTS II" air-traffic control system. The original ARTS (Automated Radar Terminal System) was based on Univac mainframe computers, which were tube-based systems of enormous size and cost, far too expensive to be used at smaller airports. ARTS II was introduced to address the needs for smaller airports. Lockheed's entry was based on the MAC-16 and a large display system delivered by Plessey, providing on-screen symbology and altitude data for up to 256 aircraft. Ironically, after Lockheed won the ARTS II contest, Burroughs underbid Lockheed, and the ARTS II was based on Burroughs systems.
MAC-16s were found in numerous other roles, including the control systems for the Fermilab accelerators.
References
Citations
Bibliography
External links
Old-engineering.tumblr.com: "Funny, it doesn't look like a Lockheed." — Lockheed advertisement for the MAC-16.
Minicomputers
Computer-related introductions in 1969
Products introduced in 1969
16-bit computers
The 1999 BMW Open was a men's tennis tournament played on Clay courts in Munich, Germany that was part of the World Series of the 1999 ATP Tour. It was the eighty-third edition of the tournament and was held from April 26 – May 3.
Thomas Enqvist was the defending champion, but lost in the first round this year.
Franco Squillari won the title, defeating Andrei Pavel 6–4, 6–3 in the final.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
Singles
Singles
Bayan (Russian: Баянъ) was the third of the four armoured cruisers built for the Imperial Russian Navy in the early 1900s. The ship was assigned to the Baltic Fleet. She was modified to lay mines shortly after World War I began. Bayan laid mines herself and provided cover for other ships laying minefields. The ship fought several inconclusive battles with German ships during the war, including the Battle of Åland Islands in mid-1915. She also participated in the Battle of Moon Sound during the German invasion of the Estonian islands in late 1917, where she was damaged. Bayan was decommissioned in 1918 and sold for scrap in 1922.
Design and description
Bayan was long overall. She had a maximum beam of , a draught of and displaced . The ship had a crew of 568 officers and men. Bayan was named in honor of the earlier Russian cruiser of the same class captured by the Japanese during the Russo-Japanese War. Both ships were named for the legendary bard, Boyan.
The ship had two vertical triple-expansion steam engines with a designed total of , but they developed on sea trials and drove the ship to a maximum speed of . Steam for the engines was provided by 26 Belleville boilers. She could carry a maximum of of coal, although her range is unknown.
Bayans main armament consisted of two 45-calibre guns in single turrets fore and aft. Her eight guns were mounted in casemates on the sides of the ship's hull. Anti-torpedo boat defense was provided by twenty-two 50-calibre guns; eight of these were mounted in casemates on the side of the hull and in the superstructure. Two guns were astern, in the admiral's apartments, and the remaining twelve guns were located on upper deck amidships (eight above the six-inch gun casemates), in pivot mounts with gun shields. The ship also had two submerged torpedo tubes, one mounted on each broadside.
In early 1916, eight of the ship's 75 mm guns in the central casemate were removed, and in early 1917, the rest were removed as well. By early 1917, an additional eight-inch gun was fitted on the centreline forward of the mainmast (it was supposed to be protected with a gun shield, but the photos do not confirm this). In addition, four more six-inch guns were added on an upper deck, two on each broadside. In early 1917, Bayan was also fitted with two anti-aircraft 76 mm Lender guns, mounted to the sides of the after turret.
The ship used Krupp armour throughout. Her waterline belt was thick over her machinery spaces, reducing to towards lower edge. Fore and aft, it reduced to . The upper belt and the casemates were thick. The armour deck was thick; over the central battery it was a single plate, but elsewhere it consisted of a plate over two plates. The gun turrets were protected by of armour and the conning tower had walls thick.
Service
Bayan was built by the Admiralty Shipyard in Saint Petersburg. Construction began on 15 August 1905, although she was ceremonially laid down only on the day of her launching 15 August 1907. Bayan was completed in early 1911 and commissioned on 14 July 1911. She spent her entire career with the Baltic Fleet.
When World War I began, Bayan was assigned to the First Cruiser Brigade. Shortly after the start of the war, in December 1914 Bayan was modified to carry up to 110 mines. She laid her first mines in early December when she was one of a group of ships that mined the northern and western entrances to the Gulf of Danzig. The following month, she provided cover as other cruisers laid minefields in the western Baltic Sea, near Bornholm and Rügen Islands on the night of 12 January 1915. Together with her sister and two protected cruisers, she fought a brief and inconclusive action with the light cruiser during the night of 6/7 May while covering a minelaying sortie off Libau.
On 2 July, the ship participated in the Battle of Åland Islands when intercepted and decoded wireless signals informed the Russians that a small German force was at sea to lay a minefield off Åland. Rear Admiral Mikhail Bakhirev was already at sea with Admiral Makarov, Bayan, , the protected cruisers and , and the destroyer en route to bombard Memel. Rurik and Novik got separated from the others in fog, but the rest of the force encountered the light cruiser and a number of destroyers escorting the minelayer . The Russians concentrated on Albatross, which was forced to run aground in Swedish territorial waters, while the faster Augsburg escaped to the south. The Russian cruisers were low on ammunition when they encountered two more German cruisers and broke off the action after Bayan and the armoured cruiser exchanged hits. Bayan fired 40 eight-inch rounds and was hit with one 210 mm round amidships, which caused superficial damage and wounds to two crewmen. Roon lost her wireless aerial due to a near miss; the Russians reported more hits, but not confirmed.
Battle of Moon Sound
In 1917, Bayan was the flagship of Vice Admiral Bakhirev, who now commanded the naval forces defending the Gulf of Riga. During Operation Albion, the invasion of the Estonian islands of Saaremaa (Ösel), Hiiumaa (Dagö) and Muhu (Moon), in October 1917, the ship defended the southern entrance to Moon Sound on 17 October. When the German minesweepers began clearing the minefields guarding the entrance, they were attacked by Bayan and the predreadnought , while the predreadnought engaged the dreadnoughts and defending the minesweepers. Slava was hit multiple times by the German ships and Bakirev ordered his forces to withdraw. Bayan was the last ship to withdraw, but she was hit once by a shell from König before she moved out of range. The shell penetrated the deck near the forward turret and started a fire among the flammable material in the cable compartment that was not extinguished until the next day. Fragments from the shell destroyed a bulkhead and loosened some plates of the ship's bottom. The location of the fire near the forward magazine forced it to be flooded as a precaution. Between the leaky plates and the flooded magazine, the ship took about aboard and her draught forward increased to . The shell killed five men and wounded three more. Despite her increased draught, Bayan was able to pass through the dredged channel connecting the northern and southern parts of Moon Sound later that day. When the general withdrawal was ordered the following day, the ship sailed for Finland.
She was paid off in 1918 and did not participate in the Russian Civil War. Bayan was sold for scrap in 1922 and broken up in Stettin.
Notes
Footnotes
References
External links
World War I Naval Operations in the Baltic theater
Bayan-class cruisers
Ships built at Admiralty Shipyard
1907 ships
World War I cruisers of Russia
Biberbrugg is a village in the canton of Schwyz in Switzerland. Biberbrugg is shared by the municipalities of Einsiedeln in the district of Einsiedeln and Feusisberg in the district of Höfe.
History
For centuries, the village was a small hamlet with a bridge crossing the Biber river, just upstream of its confluence with the Alp river.
In 1877, a train station of the railway line Wädenswil–Einsiedeln was built. Fourteen years later, the Südostbahn (SOB) established the line St. Gallen–Schwyz, and Biberbrugg became an important railway node. Around the train station, a settlement in the municipality Einsiedeln was established on the southern side of the Biber river. Later, the motorway St. Gallen–Rapperswil–Schwyz–Ingenbohl on the western side of the river was built; this part of the village belongs to the municipality of Feusisberg.
Transport
Biberbrugg is a nodal point of the Südostbahn's Voralpen Express and of the motorway between St. Gallen and Schwyz. The village's railway station is also a stop of the Zürich S-Bahn on the lines S13 to Wädenswil and S40 to Rapperswil.
References
External links
Villages in the canton of Schwyz
Mangalam Nerunnu is a 1984 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by Mohan. The film stars Nedumudi Venu, Madhavi, Shanthikrishna and Sreenath. The film has musical score and songs composed by Ilaiyaraaja.
Cast
Nedumudi Venu as Menon
P. K. Abraham
Premji
Sreenath as Madhu
Madhavi as Rajini
Shanthikrishna as Usha
Mammootty as Babu
Philomina as Meenakshiyamma
K. P. A. C. Sunny
Prathapachandran
Shalini Kumar as Younger Usha (Cameo)
P. K. Abraham
Thilakan as Kurup
Meenakumari
Jose Prakash
Soundtrack
The music was composed by Ilaiyaraaja and the lyrics were written by M. D. Rajendran.
References
External links
view film
mangalam nerunnu
1984 films
1980s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by Mohan
Films scored by Ilaiyaraaja
The United Kingdom participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2014 with the song "Children of the Universe" written by Molly Smitten-Downes and Anders Hansson. The song was performed by Molly, who was internally selected by the British broadcaster BBC to represent the United Kingdom at the 2014 contest in Copenhagen, Denmark. Molly and "Children of the Universe" was announced as the British entry in a special presentation show titled The UK Launch broadcast on the BBC Red Button service in March 2014.
As a member of the "Big Five", the United Kingdom automatically qualified to compete in the final of the Eurovision Song Contest. Performing as the closing performance of the show in position 26, the United Kingdom placed 17th out of the 26 participating countries with 40 points.
Background
Prior to the 2014 contest, the United Kingdom has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest fifty-six times. Thus far, the United Kingdom has won the contest five times: in 1967 with the song "Puppet on a String" performed by Sandie Shaw, in 1969 with the song "Boom Bang-a-Bang" performed by Lulu, in 1976 with the song "Save Your Kisses for Me" performed by Brotherhood of Man, in 1981 with the song "Making Your Mind Up" performed by Bucks Fizz and in 1997 with the song "Love Shine a Light" performed by Katrina and the Waves. To this point, the nation is noted for having finished as the runner-up in a record fifteen contests. Up to and including 1998, the UK had only twice finished outside the top 10, in 1978 and 1987. Since 1999, the year in which the rule was abandoned that songs must be performed in one of the official languages of the country participating, the UK has had less success, thus far only finishing within the top ten twice: in 2002 with the song "Come Back" performed by Jessica Garlick and in 2009 with the song "It's My Time" performed by Jade Ewen. For the 2013 contest, the United Kingdom finished in nineteenth place out of twenty-six competing entries with the song "Believe in Me" performed by Bonnie Tyler.
The British national broadcaster, BBC, broadcasts the event within the United Kingdom and organises the selection process for the nation's entry. BBC announced that the United Kingdom would participate in the Eurovision Song Contest 2014 on 1 October 2013. Between 2011 and 2013, BBC opted to internally select the British entry, a selection procedure that continued for their 2014 entry.
Before Eurovision
Internal selection
On 19 February 2014, BBC announced that the British entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2014 would be selected internally. On 28 February 2014, the British Eurovision executive producer and Head of Delegation, Guy Freeman, revealed that the British artist and song would be revealed on 3 March 2014 on the BBC Red Button service. The presentation would also be streamed online via the official Eurovision Song Contest website eurovision.tv.
On 3 March 2014, the song "Children of the Universe" written by Molly Smitten-Downes and Anders Hansson and performed by Smitten-Downes (under the mononym Molly) was revealed as the British entry during the show The UK Launch, hosted by Scott Mills on the BBC Red Button service. Molly and the song were selected by the BBC after the broadcaster considered entries from the BBC Introducing platform. In regards to her selection as the British entrant, Molly stated: "To represent the United Kingdom in such a huge competition, not only as a singer and performer but as a songwriter is an unbelievable honour. I hope I can do us proud."
Promotion
Molly made several appearances across Europe to specifically promote "Children of the Universe" as the British Eurovision entry. On 31 March, Molly performed during the Eurovision in Concert event which was held at the Melkweg venue in Amsterdam, Netherlands and hosted by Cornald Maas and Sandra Reemer. In addition to her international appearances, on 15 April, Molly performed during the London Eurovision Party, which was held at the Café de Paris venue in London, United Kingdom and hosted by Nicki French and Paddy O'Connell. On 23 April, Molly performed at a solo concert which was held at the Madame Jojo's venue in London.
At Eurovision
According to Eurovision rules, all nations with the exceptions of the host country and the "Big Five" (France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the United Kingdom) are required to compete in one of two semi-finals, and qualify in order to participate in the final; the top ten countries from each semi-final progress to the final. As a member of the "Big 5", the United Kingdom automatically qualified to compete in the final on 10 May 2014. In addition to their participation in the final, the United Kingdom is also required to broadcast and vote in one of the two semi-finals. During the semi-final allocation draw on 20 January 2014, the United Kingdom was assigned to broadcast and vote in the second semi-final on 8 May 2014.
In the United Kingdom, the semi-finals were broadcast on BBC Three with commentary by Scott Mills and Laura Whitmore, while the second semi-final was also broadcast on BBC Radio 2 Eurovision, a pop-up DAB station, with commentary by Ana Matronic. The final was televised on BBC One with commentary by Graham Norton and broadcast on BBC Radio 2 and BBC Radio 2 Eurovision with commentary by Ken Bruce. The British spokesperson, who announced the British votes during the final, was Scott Mills.
Final
Molly took part in technical rehearsals on 4 and 6 May, followed by dress rehearsals on 9 and 10 May. This included the jury final on 9 May where the professional juries of each country watched and voted on the competing entries. During the British delegation's press conference on 6 May, Molly took part in a draw to determine in which half of the final the British entry would be performed. United Kingdom was drawn to compete in the second half. Following the conclusion of the second semi-final, the shows' producers decided upon the running order of the final. The running order for the semi-finals and final was decided by the shows' producers rather than through another draw, so that similar songs were not placed next to each other. United Kingdom was subsequently placed to perform last in position 26, following the entry from San Marino.
The British performance featured Molly performing in front of a stage set-up which included a drummer in the centre with two backing vocalists on each side. The LED screens displayed floral patterns and Chinese lanterns and the performance featured smoke effects and a pyrotechnic waterfall. The supporting performers that joined Molly for the performance were drummer Joe Yoshida and backing vocalists Lincoln Jean-Marie, Katie Holmes, Victoria Beaumont and Sharleen Linton. The United Kingdom placed seventeenth in the final, scoring 40 points.
Voting
Voting during the three shows involved each country awarding points from 1–8, 10 and 12 as determined by a combination of 50% national jury and 50% televoting. Each nation's jury consisted of five music industry professionals who are citizens of the country they represent, with their names published before the contest to ensure transparency. This jury judged each entry based on: vocal capacity; the stage performance; the song's composition and originality; and the overall impression by the act. In addition, no member of a national jury was permitted to be related in any way to any of the competing acts in such a way that they cannot vote impartially and independently. The individual rankings of each jury member as well as the nation's televoting results were released shortly after the grand final.
Following the release of the full split voting by the EBU after the conclusion of the competition, it was revealed that the United Kingdom had placed twenty-first with the public televote and sixteenth with the jury vote. In the public vote, the United Kingdom scored 29 points and in the jury vote the nation scored 52 points.
Below is a breakdown of points awarded to the United Kingdom and awarded by the United Kingdom in the second semi-final and grand final of the contest, and the breakdown of the jury voting and televoting conducted during the two shows:
Points awarded to the United Kingdom
Points awarded by the United Kingdom
Detailed voting results
The following members comprised the British jury:
Carrie Grant (jury chairperson)vocal coach, television presenter, public speaker, represented the United Kingdom in the 1983 contest as member of Sweet Dreams
Stephen Allenmusic producer, keyboard player, musical director, arranger
Candice McKenzieDJ, Radio Presenter
Gus Gowlandwriter, actor, composer
Laura Wrightmezzo soprano
References
External links
BBC's official Eurovision website
2014
Countries in the Eurovision Song Contest 2014
Eurovision
Eurovision
Articles containing video clips
The Letili River is a river of Gabon. It is one of the tributaries of the Ogooué.
References
Lerique Jacques. 1983. Hydrographie-Hydrologie. in Geographie et Cartographie du Gabon, Atlas Illustré led by The Ministère de l'Education Nationale de la Republique Gabonaise. Pg 14–15. Paris, France: Edicef.
Perusset André. 1983. Oro-Hydrographie (Le Relief) in Geographie et Cartographie du Gabon, Atlas Illustré led by The Ministère de l'Education Nationale de la Republique Gabonaise. Pg 10–13. Paris, France: Edicef.
Rivers of Gabon
British Rail operated a large number of different diesel locomotive types. The majority of these were built between 1955 and 1968.
Many classes were rushed into service as part of the 1955 Modernisation Plan, but poor reliability and a rapid decline in rail transport meant that some would have very short service lives.
Pre-nationalisation diesels
Other countries, particularly the United States, had started introducing diesel locomotives in large number from the 1930s onwards. All the pre-grouping companies experimented with them, but none produced them in large numbers. The LMS made the largest strides by starting a successful series of diesel shunting locomotives, the successors of which are still in service as the Class 08.
The LMS also experimented with mainline locomotives, with their 10000 and 10001 type being the first to enter mainline service in the country.
Early BR diesel locomotives
British Rail 10100
British Rail 10800
British Rail Class D16/2
The 1955 Modernisation Plan
BR diesel types
Scottellia is a genus of shrubs and trees in the family Achariaceae. Members of this genus are native to the African tropics.
Species
The following species are currently recognized:
Scottellia klaineana Pierre
Scottellia leonensis Oliv.
Scottellia orientalis Gilg
References
Achariaceae
Malpighiales genera
Taxa named by Daniel Oliver
A VLAN access control list (VACL) provides access control for all packets that are bridged within a VLAN or that are routed into or out of a VLAN. Unlike regular Cisco IOS access control lists that are configured on router interfaces and applied on routed packets only, VACLs apply to all packets. The technology was developed by Cisco on the Catalyst 6500 Series switch platform.
VACLs may be used in similar fashion to a SPAN port or network tap, as a way to replicate computer network data that is coming into and leaving from a computer or a network. This is useful if you want to monitor traffic. Often, this configuration is used to facilitate data loss prevention (DLP) or network-based Intrusion prevention systems.
VACL or VACL Ports can be much more discriminating of the traffic they forward compared to a standard SPAN port. They may be set to only forward specific types or specific VLANs to the monitoring port. However, they forward all traffic that matches the criteria, as they do not have the functionality to select from ingress or egress traffic like SPAN ports.
See also
Virtual private network
Private VLAN
References
http://www.cisco.com/en/US/tech/tk389/tk814/tk838/tsd_technology_support_sub-protocol_home.html
http://www.cisco.com/en/US/products/hw/switches/ps700/products_tech_note09186a008013565f.shtml
http://www.cisco.com/en/US/products/hw/switches/ps708/products_white_paper09186a008017b753.shtml
Local area networks
Arthrobacter koreensis is an alkalitolerant bacterium species from the genus Arthrobacter which has been isolated from soil from Daejon, Korea.
References
Further reading
External links
Type strain of Arthrobacter koreensis at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
Bacteria described in 2003
Micrococcaceae
Tatisaurus is a genus of ornithischian dinosaur from the Early Jurassic from the Lower Lufeng Formation in Yunnan Province in China. Little is known as the remains are fragmentary. The type species is T. oehleri.
Discovery and species
In 1948 and 1949 Father Edgar Oehler, a Catholic priest working for the Fu Jen Catholic University at Beijing, excavated fossils near the village of Da Di in Yunnan. Among them was the jaw bone of a herbivorous dinosaur. In 1965 David Jay Simmons named and described it as the type species Tatisaurus oehleri. The generic name is derived from Da Di, then more usually spelled as "Ta Ti". The specific name honours Oehler. The holotype, FMNH CUP 2088, was found in the Zhangjiawa Beds of the Lufeng Formation, dating from the Sinemurian. It consists of a partial left mandible with teeth. The lower jaw bone fragment is, lacking the tip, six centimetres long. The teeth are eroded. It is the only specimen known of the species.
Simmons assigned Tatisaurus to the Hypsilophodontidae, though this group was seen by him as an evolutionary grade of "primitive" Ornithopoda, ancestral to several ornithischian groups. He felt that Tatisaurus''' affinities were with Scelidosaurus or the Ankylosauria. Later, in 1990, the specimen was reviewed by Dong Zhiming, who noted it had similarities with Huayangosaurus. He placed the two genera in the same subfamily, the Huayangosaurinae, within the Stegosauria.
Later still, in 1996, Spencer Lucas reclassified Tatisaurus oehleri as a species of Scelidosaurus, S. oehleri, in order to use Scelidosaurus for a biochron. In 2007, David B. Norman and colleagues regarded this as unfounded. They instead found Tatisaurus to be a dubious basal thyreophoran, showing a single thyreophorean synapomorphy; a ventrally deflected mesial end of the dentary. If considered a thyreophoran, it would be one of the oldest known members of the group.
In 2019 a study concluded that Bienosaurus was a nomen dubium, possibly identical to Tatisaurus'' from the same formation.
References
Thyreophorans
Ornithischian genera
Early Jurassic dinosaurs of Asia
Paleontology in Yunnan
Nomina dubia
Fossil taxa described in 1965
Align Biopharma is an initiative by six of the largest global pharmaceutical companies to create standards for physicians to access information on drugs.
The companies participating include Allergan, AstraZeneca, Biogen, GlaxoSmithKline, Novartis and Pfizer, and the software company Veeva Systems. The group is led by vice presidents and technology officers from each participating company.
It was created to address the expansion of personalized medicine and specialized drugs, which are not frequently prescribed and tailored prescribing information is needed for each patient. The stated goals of Align are to allow physicians to use a single login to access pharmaceutical information for all six companies, and create a standard for consenting to receive information from pharmaceutical companies. Currently, companies individually verify the health care credentials of each provider before allowing them access to information.
References
Pharmaceutical industry
Ishak of Karaman was a bey of the Karamanids, a Turkish principality in Anatolia in the 15th century.
He succeeded his father Ibrahim Bey in 1464. His mother was Turkish. He was the legal heir to throne, and his half brothers opposed him. At the time of his father's death, he was a local governor in Silifke. When he tried to march to his capital Konya, he learned that his younger brother Pir Ahmet had put a claim on the throne. This resulted in an interregnum in the beylik. The help of Uzun Hasan, the sultan of Akkoyunlu (White Sheep) Turkmens enabled him to ascend to the throne, albeit for a short reign. Because, Pir Ahmet appealed to Ottoman sultan Mehmet II for help. He offered Mehmet some territory which Ishak refused to cede. With Ottoman help, Pir Ahmet defeated Ishak in the battle of Dağpazarı. Ishak had to be concerned with Silifke for an unknown time. The Karamanids principality soon fell to the Ottomans.
References
Karamanids
Year of birth unknown
15th-century monarchs in the Middle East
Ethnic Afshar people
FreeBYU is an advocacy organization dedicated to changing Brigham Young University (BYU) policies such that students can have an environment of religious and academic freedom. These policies mean that students who enroll in the university as members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) are not able to express a change in religious beliefs or express their lack thereof without risk of being evicted from their student homes, fired from their campus jobs, or expelled from the university. Currently BYU does not allow students who enrolled as Mormons to change their religious affiliation, and FreeBYU is advocating for university policy to apply the same standards for formerly LDS students as it does for non-LDS students, including charging a higher tuition rate.
Actions
The organization has petitioned the university, as well as several of its accreditors claiming that it does not meet requirements for religious freedom. These include the American Psychological Association and the American Bar Association which resulted in a change to BYU's honor code in 2016. Shortly after FreeBYU's complaint to the American Bar Association in 2016, BYU had added an "Application for Exception" clause that would theoretically enable a formerly LDS applicant to be enrolled if there were "compelling," "extenuating," and "unusual circumstances." A BYU spokesperson stated in 2017 that the university believes it is in full compliance with accreditation standards and offers the option of applying for a religious exemption, though, FreeBYU states that exemptions are not being granted and students are discouraged from applying for them. In 2015 the group persuaded the president of the American Academy of Religion, Mark Juergensmeyer, to decline to speak at BYU's 2015 International Law and Religion Symposium in protest of the university's denial of religious freedom to their students.
Media coverage
The group's advocacy has received television coverage as well as nationwide newspaper coverage including in The Washington Post, The Wall Street Journal, and The Huffington Post.
References
See also
Academic freedom at Brigham Young University
Church Educational System Honor Code
Discrimination in education
Freedom of religion
Religious discrimination
Advocacy groups in the United States
Brigham Young University
Education advocacy groups
Student organizations established in 2014
2014 establishments in Utah
