A custom of Quebecers is to give nicknames to their politicians (and some personalities), most especially their Premiers. Many of those given to Premiers are affectionate or even express admiration, while others are insulting.
Nicknames of Quebec Premiers
Maurice Duplessis (1936–1939 and 1944–1959): Le Chef ("The Leader" or "The Chief"). Often pronounced (and even spelled) "Le Cheuf", to reflect an old-fashioned joual pronunciation of the word.
Often used disparagingly to evoke Duplessis's despotism. Nevertheless, he apparently used the nickname to refer to himself.
Daniel Johnson Sr. (1966–1968): Danny Boy.
Name given to the portrayal of Johnson as a comical and clueless cowboy in political cartoons drawn by Normand Hudon before Johnson taking power. An apparent reference to his Irish roots.
Robert Bourassa (1970–1976 and 1985–1994)
Boubou.
Also inspired the term "Boubou Macoutes".
L'homme le plus détesté du Québec ("The most hated man of Quebec").
A term used by historians to denote the unpopularity of Bourassa and his government before first losing power to René Lévesque's Parti Québécois in 1976.
Bourassa I; Bourassa II.
Terms historians use to refer to Bourassa and his governments under his first two mandates and his last two mandates as Premier, respectively.
René Lévesque (1976–1985): Ti-Poil (literally, "Lil' Hair", but more accurately translated as "Baldy").
A reminder of his often ruffled comb-over.
Jacques Parizeau (1994–1996): Monsieur ("Sir").
Positive and relatively appreciative reference to his well-known aristocratic pride and assurance. Source of the title of a 2003 documentary, Monsieur about Parizeau.
Lucien Bouchard (1996–2001):
Madame Lulu.
Barbe Bleue.
Jean Charest (2003–2012): Charest has gained numerous nicknames:
Patapouf or Patapouf Premier ("Patapouf the First").
The name was rumoured to be a nickname given by Charest's wife, something he denied. It first came to be used in the campaign Destituons Patapouf!, an operation of disgruntled citizens who spread a petition from 2003 to 2004 to have Charest recalled, not unlike California governor Gray Davis. Loco Locass (music group), in their song Libérez-nous des libéraux ("Free us from the liberals") used this nickname to refer to him. The word is an archetypal name for a clown in Quebec French (like Bozo). It is also a pejorative way to talk about someone fat, so it could refer to the fact that he gained some weight. Patapouf Premier is a sarcastic variant that paints Charest as a farcical, despotic monarch. Both are used mockingly.
Le Frisé ("Curly").
Referring to his famous curly hair. It is negative. A humorous, mocking song from irony rocker Mononc' Serge about the man is entitled "Le Frisé".
Le p'tit Saint-Jean-Baptiste ("Lil' Saint John the Baptist").
The Saint-Jean-Baptiste parades of first half of the 20th century usually featured a curly-haired boy representing Saint John the Baptist. It is therefore another mocking of Charest's hairstyle. This could also refer to Charest's birthdate, which is June 24, the feast of John the Baptist.
Le mouton ("The Sheep")
Another reference to his curly hair. Due to Google bombing, a search using Google's "I'm Feeling Lucky" option for "mouton insignifiant" (insignificant sheep) used to link to Charest's official MNA webpage.
Pauline Marois (2012–2014):
Dame de béton ("The Concrete Lady")
In reference to her toughness and that she had survived several challenges to her leadership from prominent members of her caucus.
Philippe Couillard (2014–2018):
The Bear
In reference to his beard, build and ambling gait.
Philippe-Flop
Used by opposition parties as a pejorative against him, due to his perceived shifting of his positions on issues.
Similar nicknames
Louis St. Laurent (Prime Minister of Canada from 1948 to 1957): Oncle Louis ("Uncle Louis").
Camillien Houde (Four-time Mayor of Montreal from the 1920s to the 1950s): Monsieur Montréal.
Pacifique Plante (crimefighting lawyer from the 1940s to the 1950s): Pax Plante.
Pierre Elliott Trudeau (Prime Minister of Canada from 1968 to 1979 and 1980 to 1984): Ti-Pet ("Lil' Fart") or Pet
Always derogatory. Trudeau's initials, P.E.T., were often used in English Canada as alternative naming, and pet is French for fart. Since Trudeau was in power for many of the same years as Lévesque, the two were sometimes referenced humorously as "Ti-Pet et Ti-Poil". These initials were also popularly used to parody the name of the nationalized oil and gas company, PETRO Canada (founded during Trudeau's reign, then rendered as Trudeau ripping off Canada, possibly originating in Alberta
Brian Mulroney (Prime Minister of Canada from 1984 to 1993): Lyin' Brian; le p'tit gars de Baie-Comeau ("Little Guy from Baie-Comeau"), "The chin that walks like a man" (a moniker given to him by columnist Allan Fotheringham), and "Mini Trudeau" (a name given to him by René Lévesque for perceived similarities to Pierre Elliot Trudeau)
Mulroney was born and raised in Baie-Comeau, a city in the Côte-Nord region of Quebec.
Jean Chrétien (Prime Minister of Canada from 1993 to 2003): le p'tit gars de Shawinigan ("Little Guy from Shawinigan").
Chrétien received a similar nickname to Mulroney's. This refers to his own city of origin, Shawinigan, Quebec. Chrétien sometimes spoke of himself that way.
Mario Dumont (leader of the Action Démocratique from 1994 to 2009): Super Mario.
A common criticism of Dumont was his relatively young age. Super Mario is both a comment on his youth (referring to the Nintendo video game series Super Mario Bros., popular among children) and an ironic glorification of his underdog popularity. Rap group Loco Locass wrote a song called Super Mario in reference of Dumont. Since the election of 2007, when his party won 41 seats, after having won just 5 in the previous election), the nickname "Super Mario" isn't always pejorative
Amir Khadir (leader and MNA of Québec solidaire): "Godasse Khadir" (in French slang, godasse means old shoe). Khadir was nicknamed Godasse after throwing a shoe on an effigy of George W. Bush in 2008, during a protest held in Montreal for journalist Muntadhar al-Zaidi, famous for throwing a pair of shoes at the U.S. president in Iraq.
Jack Layton (leader of the New Democratic Party): "le bon Jack" (un bon jack meaning a nice guy).
Thomas Mulcair (Leader of the New Democratic Party) "Pinocchio". For his diametrically opposed views that he publicly states depending on the language and/or the province he delivers the message. A well known example is "Nous sommes contre Energy East, we're for Energy East".
Justin Trudeau (Current Prime Minister of Canada): "Mini-pet" : (in relation to his aforementioned father's nicknames)
See also
Lists of nicknames – nickname list articles on Wikipedia
References
Culture of Quebec
Politics of Quebec
Politicians And Personalities In Quebec
Politicians in Quebec
Pol
Quebec-related lists
Quebec
The 2019–20 Basketball Cup of Serbia is the 14th season of the Serbian 2nd-tier men's cup tournament.
On 24 December 2019, the finalist Radnički Beograd qualified for the 2020 Radivoj Korać Cup. On the next day, Sloboda qualified for the Cup also.
Bracket
Source: KUP KSS DRUGI STEPEN
Quarterfinals
Pirot v Novi Pazar
Radnički Beograd v Napredak JKP
Joker v Sloboda
Dunav v OKK Beograd
Semifinals
Radnički Beograd v Novi Pazar
Dunav v Sloboda
Final
See also
2019–20 Radivoj Korać Cup
2019–20 Basketball League of Serbia
References
External links
Basketball Competitions of Serbia
Basketball Cup of Serbia
Cup
Earley Franklin Poppleton (September 29, 1834 – May 6, 1899) was an American lawyer and politician who served one term as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1875 to 1877.
Biography
Born in Bellville, Ohio, Poppleton pursued classical studies.
He was educated at the Ohio Wesleyan University at Delaware.
He studied law.
He was admitted to the bar and commenced law practice in Elyria, Ohio.
He moved to Delaware, Ohio, in 1861 and continued the practice of his profession.
He served as member of the State senate in 1870.
Congress
Poppleton was elected as a Democrat to the Forty-fourth Congress (March 4, 1875 – March 3, 1877).
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection.
He resumed the practice of law.
Death
He died in Delaware, Ohio, May 6, 1899.
He was interred in Oak Grove Cemetery.
References
1834 births
1899 deaths
People from Delaware, Ohio
People from Bellville, Ohio
Ohio lawyers
Burials at Oak Grove Cemetery, Delaware, Ohio
Ohio Wesleyan University alumni
Ohio state senators
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Abū ‘Amr Isḥaq ibn Mirār al-Shaybānī (d. 206/821, or 210/825, or 213/828, or 216/831) was a famous lexicographer-encyclopedist and collector-transmitter of Arabic poetry of the Kufan School of philology.
A native of Ramādat al-Kūfah, who lived in Baghdad, he was a mawla (client) under the protection of the Banū Shaybān, hence his nisba. Descended from an Iranian landowner (dihqān) on his paternal side, his mother was a 'Nabataean' (an Aramaic-speaking, rural Iraqi), and he reportedly knew a little of the 'Nabataean' language (an unattested form of Aramaic). The biographers al-Nadīm and Ibn Khallikān quote a claim by Ibn al-Sikkit's that he lived to the age of one hundred and eighteen and wrote in his own hand up to his death, in 213/828. However this is disputed by a claim that he died in 206/821 aged one hundred and ten, and this latter is deemed credible.
Abū 'Amr's teachers were Rukayn b. Rabī' al-Shāmī, a transmitter of ḥadīth and al-Mufaddal al-Dabbi, who developed his love of poetry. His son ‘Amr relates that he collected and classed poems, diwans (collections), from the jahiliyya (pre-Islamic) period from more than eighty Arab tribes. He wrote more than eighty volumes in his own hand and deposited these in the mosque of Kūfah.
The eminent scholars Ibn Hanbal, al-Kasim ibn Sallām, and Ibn al-Sikkit, the author of the Islāh al-Mantik, learned from him.
Of his lexicographical works, often of a very specialized nature, only the Kitāb al-Jīm (Kitab al-Lughat or Kitab al-Huruf), survives.
Works by Abū ‘Amr al-Shaybānī
The Strange in the Ḥadīth
On Dialects, or Rare forms Known by the Jīm (the J); Kitāb al-Jīm, or Kitāb al-Hurūf, or Kitab al-Lughat
The Great Collection of Anecdotes, or Rare Forms, in three manuscript editions, large, small, and medium;
Treatise on Bees
The Palm
Treatise on The Camel
The Disposition of Man
Letters
Commentary on the book “Eloquent Style”
Treatise on the Horse
Poets edited by Abū ‘Amr al-Shaybānī
Al-Ḥuṭay'ah
Labīd ibn Rabī'ah
Tamīm ibn Ubayy ibn Muqbil
Durayd ibn al-Ṣimmah
‘Amrj ibn Ma'dī Karib
Al-A'shā al-Kabīr (Maymūn ibn Qays)
Mutamminm ibn Nuwayrah
Al-Zibraqān ibn Badr
Ḥumayd ibn Thawr al-Rājiz
Ḥumayd al-Arqaṭ
Abū al-Aswad al-Du'alī
Abū al-Najm al-‘Ijlī
Al-‘Ajjāj al-Rājaz
Notes
References
Sources
730s births
828 deaths
8th-century Arabs
8th-century non-fiction writers
8th-century Umayyad people
9th-century people of the Abbasid Caliphate
9th-century non-fiction writers
9th-century Arabs
Arab lexicographers
Banu Shayban
Muslim encyclopedists
People from Kufa
Sidney Sinclair (1915–1999) was an English born, Australian businessman, philanthropist, trade advisor to the Federal Government and prominent member of the Australian Jewish community.
A founder of the Parramatta Synagogue, he was its first president and subsequent life member. He joined the Board of the Great Synagogue in 1966 and was president from 1977 to 1980; He was later made a life member of the board and was highly regarded as a congregational elder statesman.
From 1993 he was a director of Austcare the Australian organisation that cares for refugees worldwide, and vice-chairman by 1995.
A past president of the Australian Jewish Welfare Society in NSW (now called Jewish Care) , he was senior vice-president and subsequently president of the Federation of Australian Jewish Community Services. A councillor of the NSW Jewish War Memorial and a member of the Executive Council of Australian Jewry, he was also a trustee of the Goulburn Jewish cemetery.
With his cousin, Louis Klein, he founded the men's fashion companies Anthony Squires , Parini and Sax Altman
With Eric Hurst (an optometrist) and Dino Zingarelli (a spectacle frame expert), Sinclair founded Martin Wells, the maker of fashion spectacle frames .
A longtime member of South Sydney Rotary, he was made a Rotary International Paul Harris Fellow in 1994.
In 1968 Sir John McEwan, Minister for Trade and Industry, appointed Sinclair to the Export Development Council. In 1972 Dr Jim Cairns appointed him to the Trade Development Council, and in 1974 he became a member of its executive. While serving on the EDC he was a member of a small group sent on Diplomatic Good Will Missions sent to the USSR, Poland, Romania, Czechoslovakia and Japan.
He was a member of the Australia-Japan Business Cooperation Committee and of a federal study group on Japan; for six years he was a member of a federal advisory panel on East European countries. He was chairman of a federal study panel to encourage small business to export. He was a constant adviser to governments on both sides of politics, and for 2 years was one of 3 people who advised Prime Minister Gough Whitlam at pre-budget meetings to be used for cabinet briefings, and was appointed to several advisory committees by Deputy Prime minister, Douglas Anthony .
Sinclair was made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in December 1978. He was made a Member of the Order of Australia (AM) in January 1988.
References
1915 births
1999 deaths
Australian Jews
British emigrants to Australia
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Members of the Order of Australia
20th-century Australian businesspeople
Rianne Frida Loes Van Rompaey () (born 3 January 1996) is a Dutch fashion model. Vogue has called her a top model. She is one of 50 models who appeared on the cover of the 50th anniversary September issue of Vogue Italia, photographed by Steven Meisel. She also appeared solo on a Vogue Italia cover in March 2016. Her beauty has been described as pre-Raphaelite. She has appeared on the cover of Vogue Paris over 6 times under editor Emmanuelle Alt.
Early life
Van Rompaey was born in Hoofddorp, North Holland, and raised in Wageningen, The Netherlands, to Dutch and Belgian parents. She attended Montessori School there and obtained VWO-diploma at Pantarijn College. She began modeling professionally as a high school student. Van Rompaey started her career by sending photographs to Paparazzi Models.
Career
Van Rompaey's first photoshoot was for the January 2013 and February 2013 issues of Elle Netherlands.
In 2014, Nicolas Ghesquiere chose Van Rompaey to be a Louis Vuitton exclusive, which included campaigns for the brand including S/S 2016 with actor Jaden Smith. She has done campaigns for Chanel, Alexander McQueen, Valentino, Miu Miu, Chloe, Moschino, Celine, Ports 1961, Michael Kors, Fendi, Alberta Ferretti, Loewe, Sacai, Salvatore Ferragamo, Versace, Marc Jacobs, Isabel Marant, Prada, Coach, Bottega Veneta, Hugo Boss, and Burberry.
Van Rompaey has appeared on covers of Vogue Italia, Vogue Paris, Vogue China, Vogue Germany, Vogue Japan, Vogue Korea, Vogue Russia, Vogue Netherlands and T: The New York Times Style Magazine, and Harper's Bazaar.
In 2016, casting director Piergiorgio Del Moro, who placed Van Rompaey in Versace, Victoria Beckham, and Fendi shows, told Vogue magazine that van Rompaey would have a long career because of her personality. Vogue Paris editor-in-chief Emmanuelle Alt corroborated this view.
In September 2019, for the 1000th issue of Vogue Paris, she simultaneously appeared on 4 covers; the same year she had appeared on March and May covers of the magazine. She also appeared on 3 covers for WSJ Magazine that month. In December 2019, she was chosen as runner-up for models.com's "Model of the Year" awards.
Van Rompaey was ranked on Models.com's "Top 50" models list in 2016, calling her "one of the year's biggest breakout stars". In the same year, ELLE UK and Harper's Bazaar UK predicted van Rompaey was on track to becoming a supermodel. She is currently ranked as an "Industry Icon" by models.com.
References
1996 births
Living people
Dutch female models
LGBT models
People from Wageningen
Dutch people of Belgian descent
Louis Vuitton exclusive models
The Santa Ynez Stakes is a Grade II American thoroughbred horse race for three-year-old fillies over a distance of seven furlongs on the dirt track held annually in early January at Santa Anita Park in Arcadia, California, USA. The event currently offers a purse of US$200,000.
History
The event was named after the location and landmarks in Southern California, known as Santa Ynez in the Santa Ynez Valley and the Santa Ynez Mountains in Santa Barbara County. Santa Ynez is Spanish for the virgin martyr Saint Agnes.
The inaugural running of the event was on New Year's Day in 1952 over a distance of six furlongs and was won the C. Ralph West trained coupled entry of Last Greetings and Asiatic. Last Greetings were ridden by US Hall of Fame jockey Eddie Arcaro won by lengths over A Gleam with long shot Season's Best was three lengths further back in third. While Last Greetings won one more event in her career, A Gleam had a phenomenal season setting a Hollywood Park Racetrack record winning five straight stakes races in 1952.
For the 1952–53 Winter Meeting at Santa Anita the event was held as a two-year-old fillies event on the last day of December in 1952. Hence the event was not held in the 1953 calendar year. In 1954 the distance of the event was extended to 7 furlongs. In 1956 the distance of the event was reverted to six furlongs. The last running of the event at the six furlongs distance was in 1957 and was won by the 2/5 short priced favorite Sully's Trial who completed a six race winning streak.
In 1958 the distance was increased to furlongs and was run at this distance for nine years. Of the notable winners during this period include the 1959 winner Silver Spoon who would be the first filly to win the Santa Ynez–Santa Susana Stakes (now Santa Anita Oaks) double as well as the Santa Anita Derby and run fifth in the 1959 Kentucky Derby to winner Tomy Lee. Silver Spoon would be voted as Thoroughbred Racing Association's U.S. Champion Three-Year-Old Filly. The 1964 winner Face The Facts, even money favorite, won by a stakes record lengths and equaled the track record for the furlongs distance. The winning margin continues to be the stakes record margin to date. In 1967 the event's distance was increased to seven furlongs and was run at this distance until 2012.
In the early 1970s three winners of the event went on the win the Santa Ynez–Santa Susana Stakes double. The 1971 winner Turkish Trousers easily won the event by lengths in a time of 1:23. She later would be voted U.S. Champion Three-Year-Old Filly for 1971. In 1972 Fred W. Hooper's Susan's Girl set a new stakes record of 1:21 in her easy length victory. She also would go on and have a successful year winning the Kentucky Oaks as well as seven other stakes races around the US and would be crowned U.S. Champion Three-Year-Old Filly.
In 1973 when the American Graded Stakes Committee would actively begin classifying events the Santa Ynez Stakes was classified as a Grade II event. However, the event would be downgraded to Grade III in 1975. In 1981 the event was upgraded once more to Grade II for three runnings.
The event was run in two divisions in 1984. Also in 1984 the event was downgraded again to Grade III. The event nonetheless attracted high quality fillies who were starting their campaigns for the year and would go on to have outstanding seasons. The 1987 winner Very Subtle won her sixth straight race and later in the year would win the Breeders' Cup Sprint. The 1988 winner Goodbye Halo was a short 4/5 odds-on favorite and easily account for her opposition winning by five lengths. Later in the spring of that year she captured the Grade I Kentucky Oaks. With such quality fillies winning the race the event was reclassified as Grade II in 1990. Between 1990 and 1995, the Breeders' Cup sponsored the event which reflected in the name of the event.
In 1995 the event was once again was classified as Grade III and the winner was Robert & Beverly Lewis's Serena's Song, winning by two lengths as the 3/2 second favorite. Serena's Song would win eight more races, six of which were Grade I, including defeating her male counterparts in the GI Haskell Invitational Handicap. Her performance earned her U.S. Champion Three-Year-Old Filly honors for 1995.
Since 1999 the event has been classified with Grade II status.
In the 21st century the event has continued to be a major preparatory race for three-year-old fillies who go on and excel in higher classified with greater stakes. Lightly raced Golden Ballet won the event in 2001 and captured the Santa Ynez–Santa Anita Oaks double.
In 2007 Santa Anita Park administration installed a new All-weather track and for the 2008 the winner was the 2007 Breeders' Cup Juvenile Fillies and 2007 US Champion Two-Year-Old Filly Indian Blessing. Indian Blessing started as the 1/10 odds-on favorite, although she was 3 lengths ahead in the straight Indian Blessing held on for a head victory over Golden Doc setting a new stake and track record for the distance of 1:19.89.
Since 2011 the event has been held on the dirt track.
In 2018 Midnight Bisou as a maiden having her third start won the event convincingly by lengths. Although Midnight Bisou did not win any honors the following year she won seven graded events and was crowned US Champion Older Dirt Female Horse for 2019.
Since 2013 the event is part of the Road to the Kentucky Oaks.
Records
Speed record:
7 furlongs: 1:19.89 – Indian Blessing (2008)
furlongs: 1:15.25 – Reneesgotzip (2012)
6 furlongs: 1:10.20 – Sully's Trail (1957)
Margins:
lengths – Face The Facts (1964)
Most wins by a jockey:
7 – Bill Shoemaker (1960, 1961, 1962, 1969, 1971, 1980, 1987)
Most wins by a trainer:
7 – Bob Baffert (1997, 2004, 2008, 2014, 2020, 2021, 2022)
Most wins by an owner:
3 – Bernard J. Ridder and/or Ridder Thoroughbred Stable (1974, 1981, 1996)
Santa Ynez Stakes – Santa Susana Stakes/Santa Anita Oaks double:
Silver Spoon (1959), Spearfish (1966), Mira Femme (1967), Allie's Serenade (1968), Opening Bid (1970), Turkish Trousers (1971), Susan's Girl (1972), Grenzen (1978), Serena's Song (1995), Golden Ballet (2001), Midnight Bisou (2018), Bellafina (2019)
Winners
Legend:
Notes:
§ Ran as an entry
† Event held as a two-year-old fillies event since the scheduling of the event was in December for the 1952–53 Winter Meeting at Santa Anita
See also
Road to the Kentucky Oaks
List of American and Canadian Graded races
External links
2021 Santa Anita Media Guide
References
Horse races in California
Santa Anita Park
Flat horse races for three-year-old fillies
Graded stakes races in the United States
Grade 2 stakes races in the United States
Horse races established in 1952
Recurring sporting events established in 1952
1952 establishments in California
Donbeh-ye Olya (, also Romanized as Donbeh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Donbeh-ye Bālā) is a village in Meymand Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 73, in 14 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Aberfeldy () is a burgh in Perth and Kinross, Scotland, on the River Tay. A small market town, Aberfeldy is located in Highland Perthshire. It was mentioned by Robert Burns in the poem The Birks Of Aberfeldy.
Etymology
Aberfeldy means 'mouth of the Peallaidh'. The first element of the name is the Pictish word aber 'river mouth'. The river-name perhaps incorporates the name of a water-sprite known as Peallaidh, which in Gaelic means 'shaggy'. Aberfeldy is recorded in 1526 as Abrefrally and in 1552 as Abirfeldy.
History
Beyond its association with Burns, who mentioned Aberfeldy in his poem The Birks of Aberfeldy, the town is known for Wade's Bridge, built in 1733 and designed by architect William Adam, father of Robert Adam. General George Wade considered this bridge to be his greatest accomplishment. Aberfeldy is also mentioned in the traditional "Loch Tay Boat Song".
The town includes a memorial to the Black Watch, an 9-hole golf course, a children's park, and a town square that features stores, restaurants and art galleries. In 2002, Aberfeldy was granted Fairtrade Town status, which was renewed by the Fairtrade Foundation on 15 December 2003.
The Aberfeldy Footbridge over the River Tay is constructed entirely of composite materials. It initially connected two sections of the town's golf course on either side of the River Tay, but the course on the north side of the river has since been removed and the bridge is now used by pedestrians and cyclists to cross the river.
Geography
Aberfeldy is situated in Strath Tay on the upper reaches of the River Tay, which begins up-strath from Aberfeldy at Loch Tay and carries on south and east from Aberfeldy until it discharges at its estuary east of Perth at the Firth of Tay. Lying in an u-shaped strath common to Scotland's glaciated landscape, the terrain in and around Aberfeldy is gently undulating. Farming and agriculture border the town in the strath. Areas further outside of Aberfeldy (particularly to the north and west) give way to the extensive Grampian Mountains, with scenic peaks such as Creag Odhar, Farragon Hill, Schiehallion, Ben Lawers and Sron Mhor punctuating the landscape.
Aberfeldy lies at the intersection of two A roads, the A826 to Crieff and the A827, which leads east and south towards the main A9 trunk road. Aberfeldy is easily reached from southern locations by taking the A9 to the Ballinluig exit, then the A827 to get to the town. Owing to its location off the A9 trunk road, Aberfeldy is less geared toward tourists than its cousin Pitlochry.
From July 1865 until May 1965, the town was served by a Highland Railway branch from Ballinluig. Although most of the trackbed leading into the town is still extant, the site of the station has vanished under modern housing developments.
The entrance to the Birks of Aberfeldy – a gorge and scenic walk – lies on the southern outskirts of Aberfeldy on the A826. The Birks are classified as a "Site of Special Scientific Interest" and contains many varieties of flora and fauna, some of which are protected.
Glen Lyon, regarded as one of Scotland's most stunning and least-visited glens, lies about 8 kilometres from the outskirts of Aberfeldy. Evidence of fort construction by Roman legions more than 1,600 years ago is a testament to the region's historical as well as geographical relevance. At the mouth of Glen Lyon lies the village of Fortingall, falsely claimed to be the birthplace of Pontius Pilate and home to the Fortingall Yew Tree, reputed to be more than 5,000 years old (though recent research suggests its age to be closer to 2,500).
Education, culture and the arts
The town is home to Breadalbane Academy. Based in Aberfeldy since the nineteenth century, Breadalbane Academy is an all-through, mixed English and Gaelic-medium school catering to children from the ages of three to eighteen years. The nursery and primary departments serve pupils from Aberfeldy and its immediate surroundings. The secondary department is the main secondary school for the whole of Highland Perthshire. It is the primary centre for Gaelic-medium education in Highland Perthshire
for children from Glenlyon, Grandtully, Kenmore, Kinloch Rannoch and Dunkeld all receive their secondary education in Aberfeldy. In fifth and sixth, pupils from the Pitlochry catchment area also attend Breadalbane Academy to study for their Highers and Advanced Highers.
Fully rebuilt in the early years of the twenty-first century, the school re-opened in December 2010 as a community campus. As well as nursery, primary and secondary departments, the new Breadalbane Community Campus includes a library, a swimming pool, squash courts, a gym, a cafe and a range of other facilities. These amenities are open to the public throughout the day. Only access to the school areas is restricted to authorised personnel.
Aberfeldy Parish Church meets in the former Breadalbane Church building in Taybridge Road, which was the first new building of the Free Church after the Disruption in 1843. It reunited with the former parish church, St Andrew's in Crieff Road, built in 1884, and for a while was used as halls for the united congregation, until 2005 when the Crieff Road building was closed and a modern interior and suite of halls was added to the Taybridge Road building, providing excellent facilities for adult and youth work. There is also a Roman Catholic church in Home Street. The buildings formerly used as Congregational, Free, and Episcopal churches are now all used for other purposes. Jehovah's Witnesses meet in the local Kingdom Hall. The town is also home to the award-winning Aberfeldy Watermill Bookshop Gallery and Cafe.
Aberfeldy does not have a theatre or a music hall. However it does have two community venues, used regularly for music and drama, Aberfeldy Town Hall and the Locus Centre. These are managed by Locus Breadalbane, a community charity. The nearest venues are the Pitlochry Festival Theatre, the Perth Theatre or the Perth Concert Hall. The new Community School has an auditorium.
The Birks Cinema, built in the very heart of the town in 1939 in a late Art Deco style, closed in the early 1980s for lack of business. It then turned into an amusement hall, for which purpose the entire interior was demolished. The amusement hall closed in 2004 and the building stood as an empty shell for several years. In 2009 it was bought by the "Friends of the Birks" with a grant from the Scottish Government's Town Centre Regeneration Fund with plans to refurbish and reopen as a new 92-seat cinema and café-bar. The Friends are now a formal company limited by guarantee and registered as a charity. In spring 2011, the Birks project was awarded £658,520 by the Scotland Rural Development Programme - half the sum needed to carry out the building work. Match funding for the SRDP grant has now been raised - notably through a Big Lottery grant of £539,950 announced on 9 February 2012. Building work began in April 2012 and opened in Spring 2013. The patron of the project is the actor Alan Cumming, who was born in the town.
Aberfeldy is the location of the poem "The Birks of Aberfeldy" by Robert Burns:
In 2001, the author J.K. Rowling purchased the nearby 19th-century Killiechassie House, on the banks of the River Tay.
Baryte mining
The Precambrian Dalradian geological formations in the Highlands north of Aberfeldy contain substantial deposits of the mineral baryte, which is mostly used as a weighting agent for drilling fluids to prevent blow-outs in oil and gas exploration wells. There are three locations with exploitable quantities of it. The Foss Mine, some NW of Aberfeldy at has been operational since 1984 and production averages 50,000 tonnes per annum. So far some 525,000 tonnes have been extracted there by M-I SWACO. In 1990, a locally based company began opencast extraction near the summit of Ben Eagach, due north of Aberfeldy. Approximately 25,000 tonnes were mined from a series of small pits which have now been abandoned.
The largest formation, containing a 7.5-million-tonne reserve is at Duntanlich, some due north of Aberfeldy, south of Loch Tummel. In 1994, an application by MI Great Britain Ltd for an underground operation to mine the deposits was turned down. In 2000, M I'm Drilling Fluids UK unfolded new plans to establish a mine at Duntanlich to take six million tonnes from the deposit over the next 50 years and began preliminary talks with Perth & Kinross Council and Scottish Natural Heritage. However, it was decided at that time not to take these proposals forward.
Demographics
The Scottish Census of 2001 recorded the town's population as 1,895. Perth and Kinross Council estimates the current population to be 2,292, which is forecasted to grow to over 2,800 by 2028.
Sports
Breadalbane Cricket Club, founded in 1869, play home matches at Victoria Park in Aberfeldy. The team are the Perthshire Cup Winners for 2007 and 2008, and Strathmore Cricket Union Division One Champions in 2006 & 2007, Division Two Champions in 2014 & 2018, and Perthshire Indoor League Champions 2013, 2017, 2018, 2019 and 2020. The town also has a rugby union side Aberfeldy RFC that plays in the league at the town's Wade Park.
Namesake
Aberfeldie, the suburb of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia was named, indirectly, after the town, as was the locality of Aberfeldy, Victoria.
Gallery
See also
List of places in Perth and Kinross
References
External links
Aberfeldy Church website
Aberfeldy Tourism Website
Aberfeldy Footbridge over the River Tay
National Library of Scotland archive films relating to Aberfeldy
Valéria de Oliveira (born 2 July 1974) is a Brazilian former handball player. She competed in the women's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1974 births
Living people
Brazilian female handball players
Olympic handball players of Brazil
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
People from Duque de Caxias, Rio de Janeiro
Sportspeople from Rio de Janeiro (state)
Handball players at the 1999 Pan American Games
Pan American Games gold medalists for Brazil
Pan American Games medalists in handball
Medalists at the 1999 Pan American Games
This is a list of composers for science fiction television series Doctor Who. It is sortable by a number of different criteria. The list defaults to ascending alphabetical order the composer's last name.
Doctor Who composers
The Revived Series' original soundtracks were entirely composed by Murray Gold for the first ten series. Gold utilised an orchestra score for many episodes, with heavy use of leitmotifs for characters such as the Doctor, the companions and monsters. Gold's music was played at the Proms, such as for the 50th anniversary celebration. Several singers performed in the soundtracks of these series, for instance, Neil Hannon in "Song for Ten". However, the programme had previously had a singer - The Gunfighters featured Lynda Baron singing "The Ballad of the Last Chance Saloon" in 1966.
Segun Akinola replaced Gold for the duration of the Thirteenth Doctor's run. Akinola's scores tended to be more ambient than Gold's, with a great variety of instruments for different episodes.
Stock music
Instead of using specially composed music, some serials were scored completely with pre-recorded stock music. Some of these serials used music by one composer as noted below:
The Edge of Destruction
The Web Planet - Music by Les Structures Sonores
The Space Museum
Galaxy 4 - Music by Les Structures Sonores
Mission to the Unknown - Music by Trevor Duncan
The Massacre of St Bartholomew's Eve - Music by Pierre Arvey
The War Machines
The Tenth Planet
The Highlanders
The Moonbase
The Faceless Ones
The Tomb of the Cybermen
The Enemy of the World - Music by Béla Bartók
The Web of Fear
The Mind Robber - Music by Anton Bruckner
Inferno
Spinoff composers
Notes
References
Composers
Music based on Doctor Who
Lists of composers
The Prairie Ridge State Natural Area is a collaborative natural area managed by the Illinois Department of Natural Resources. It is managed for the benefit of endangered, threatened, watch list, and area sensitive species associated with the tallgrass prairie habitat of south-central Illinois, especially the greater prairie chicken. The natural area is split between land parcels in Jasper County and Marion County, in the U.S. state of Illinois.
History and description
Predecessor activity to the setup of the State Natural Area (SNA) began in 1912 when state game managers counted what was then a widespread population of greater prairie chickens within Illinois. Changes in agricultural technology, particularly the development of fertilizer chemistry, sharply reduced the economic viability of grassland in Illinois and led to the plow-up of most of the remaining parcels of tallgrass prairie. After the Illinois greater prairie chicken population dropped to 25,000 in 1933 the hunting season was permanently closed, but this did not halt the decline. Conservation areas were purchased and set aside in 1939–1944, but the birds died out in these Northern Illinois parcels anyway. This created an incentive for the private sector to purchase grassland parcels in southern Illinois. These land purchases, which took place starting in 1961, acquired the land that now forms the Prairie Ridge SNA. As of 2014, the most recent land acquisition took place in 2001.
The Prairie Ridge SNA today consists of public-sector and private-sector land managed for greater prairie chickens; as of 2014, it contains the final breeding populations of this species (which once numbered in excess of 10 million birds in Illinois) within the 'Prairie State.' A high-quality quarter-section of land (), the Robert Ridgway Nature Preserve, remains within the ownership of the Illinois Audubon Society, with most of the parcels of land within Prairie Ridge now owned by the state of Illinois. The State Natural Area is scattered, with at least seventeen separate noncontiguous parcels of land designated within the area. The Jasper County parcels center on grasslands south and west of Newton, while the Marion County tracts are scattered around the town of Kinmundy.
Approximately 250 species of birds have been recorded at the Prairie Ridge State Natural Area, of which 16 are state endangered species and eight are state threatened species. The IDNR manages the State Natural Area with the hope of re-establishing, or maintaining, breeding populations of greater prairie chickens, Henslow's sparrows, loggerhead shrikes, northern harriers, short-eared owls, upland sandpipers, and other endangered or threatened species with a biological tie to grassland ecosystems. In some cases, the Illinois populations of these birds have continued to decline despite the creation of the SNA.
References
Important Bird Areas of Illinois
Protected areas of Jasper County, Illinois
Protected areas of Marion County, Illinois
State parks of Illinois
State Natural Areas of Illinois
Russia national cerebral palsy football team is the national cerebral football team for Russia that represents the team in international competitions. The team has participated at multiple Paralympic Games, winning gold in the 2000 and 2012 editions. Russia won the IFCPF World Championships in 1998, 2007, 2011 and 2015.
Background
Russian Cerebral Palsy Football Federation (RCPFF) manages the national team. During the 2000s, the team was one of the top four most dominant teams in the world alongside Brazil, Ukraine and Iran. In 2011 and 2012, the team was coached by Baramidze Avtandil. Russia was active internationally by 2016, and had national championships to support national team player development. National team development is supported by an International Federation of Cerebral Palsy Football (IFCPF) recognized national championship. Recognized years for the national IFCPF recognized competition include 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, and 2015.
In 2016, after getting an endorsement by the World AntiDoping Agency (WADA), the IFCPF Anti-Doping Code was formally amended to allow for out of competition testing. This was done through a WADA approved Whereabouts Programme managed through ADAMS. Drawing from players in a Registered Testing Pool, players from this country were included ahead of the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio.
Ranking
In 2016, Russia was ranked 2nd in the world by the IFCPF. In November 2014, the team was ranked number 1 in the world. In August 2013, the team was ranked number 1 in the world. In September 2012, the team was ranked number 1 in the world. In July 2011, the team was ranked number 2 in the world.
Players
There have been a number of players for the Russian squad.
Results
Russia has participated in a number of international tournaments.
IFCPF World Championships
Russia has participated in the IFCPF World Championships.
Paralympic Games
Russia has participated in 7-a-side football at the Paralympic Games dating back to 1996, medaling in each of their appearances at the Games. While they had qualified to compete at the 2016 Summer Paralympics, the Russian team was suspended for the Games. They were replaced by Iran.
Paralympic Results
References
Cerebral Palsy
Russia at the Paralympics
National cerebral palsy football teams
Football 7-a-side teams at the 1996 Summer Paralympics
Football 7-a-side teams at the 2000 Summer Paralympics
Football 7-a-side teams at the 2004 Summer Paralympics
Football 7-a-side teams at the 2008 Summer Paralympics
Football 7-a-side teams at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
It's All Good may refer to:
Fictional characters
Saul Goodman (derived from "S'all good, man"), an alias adopted by James McGill, an attorney with "flexible" morals on the AMC TV series Breaking Bad and Better Call Saul
Films
It's All Good (2010), a film by Norman England
It's All Good (2016), a film by Aaron Fronk
It's All Good: The Damien Dempsey Story, a documentary about Irish singer-songwriter Damien Dempsey
Literature
It's All Good, a book by Andrew Daddo
It's All Good (In Your Dreams), a children's novel by Karen McCombie
It's All Good: Delicious, Easy Recipes that Will Make You Look Good and Feel Great (2013), a cookbook by Gwyneth Paltrow and Julia Turshen
Music
Albums
It's All Good (MC Breed album)
It's All Good (Joe Nichols album)
It's All Good (Suga-T album)
It's All Good, an album by Jad Fair and Jason Willett
It's All Good, an album by Mick Ralphs
It's All Good, a mix album produced by Tim Lee
It's All Good, an EP by Seasick Steve
It's All Good, a 2014 Best Of album by Damien Dempsey
Songs
"It's All Good", a song by Bob Dylan from Together Through Life
"It's All Good", a song by DMX from Flesh of My Flesh, Blood of My Blood
"It's All Good", a song by Damien Dempsey from Seize the Day
"It's All Good", a song by Devo
"It's All Good", a song by El Perro del Mar from Look! It's El Perro del Mar!
"It's All Good", a song by Fantasia Barrino from Free Yourself
"It's All Good", a song by Hammer from The Funky Headhunter
"It's All Good", a song by Master P from Ghetto Bill
"It's All Good", a song by Toby Keith from Unleashed
"It's All Good", a song by Will Smith from Big Willie Style
"Tha Hood (It's All Good)", a song by Cash Money Millionaires from the 1999 film soundtrack The Wood
"It's All Good", a song by Ne-Yo & Cher Lloyd
Dacentrurus (meaning "tail full of points"), originally known as Omosaurus, is a genus of stegosaurian dinosaur from the Late Jurassic to Early Cretaceous (154 - 140 mya) of Europe. Its type species, Omosaurus armatus, was named in 1875, based on a skeleton found in a clay pit in the Kimmeridge Clay in Swindon, England. In 1902 the genus was renamed Dacentrurus because the name Omosaurus had already been used for a crocodylian. After 1875, half a dozen other species would be named but perhaps only Dacentrurus armatus is valid. Finds of this animal have been limited and much of its appearance is uncertain. It was a heavily built quadrupedal herbivore, adorned with plates and spikes, reaching in length and in body mass.
Discovery and species
On 23 May 1874, James Shopland of the Swindon Brick and Tyle Company reported to Professor Richard Owen that their clay pit, the Swindon Great Quarry below Old Swindon Hill at Swindon in Wiltshire, had again produced a fossil skeleton. Owen sent out William Davies to secure the specimen, which proved to be encased in an eight feet high clay nodule. During an attempt to lift it in its entirety, the loam clump crumbled into several pieces. These were eventually transported to London in crates with a total weight of three tonnes. The bones were subsequently partially uncovered by Owen's preparator, the mason Caleb Barlow.
Owen named and described the remains in 1875 as the type species Omosaurus armatus. The generic name is derived from Greek ὦμος, omos, "upper arm", in reference to the robust humerus. The specific name armatus can mean "armed" in Latin and in this case refers to a large spike that Owen assumed was present on the upper arm.
The holotype, BMNH 46013, was found in a layer of the Kimmeridge Clay Formation dating from the late Kimmeridgian. The main nodule fragment contains the pelvis; a series of six posterior dorsal vertebrae, all sacrals and eight anterior caudal vertebrae; a right femur and some loose vertebrae. In all, thirteen detached vertebrae are present in the material. Also an almost complete left forelimb was contained by another loam clump. Additional elements include a partial fibula with calcaneum, a partial tibia, a right neck plate and a left tail spike.
Several other species would be named within the genus Omosaurus. Part of the British Museum of Natural History collection was specimen BMNH 46321, a pair of spike bases found in the Kimmeridge Clay by William Cunnington near the Great Western Railway cutting near Wootton Bassett. These Owen in 1877 named Omosaurus hastiger, the epithet meaning "spike-bearer" or "lance-wielder", the spikes by him seen as placed on the wrist of the animal. In 1887, John Whitaker Hulke named Omosaurus durobrivensis based on specimen BMNH R1989 found at Tanholt, close to Eye, Cambridgeshire, the specific name being derived from Durobrivae. (That specimen is sometimes mistakenly said to have been found at Fletton, Peterborough, Cambridgeshire, which is where Alfred Nicholson Leeds made most of his finds.) This in 1956 became the separate genus Lexovisaurus. In 1893, Harry Govier Seeley named Omosaurus phillipsii, based on a femur, specimen YM 498, the epithet honouring the late John Phillips. Seeley suggested this may be the same taxon as Priodontognathus phillipsii Seeley 1869, which has led to the misunderstanding, due to its having the same specific name, that Priodontognathus was simply subsumed by him under Omosaurus. This interpretation however, is incorrect as both species have different holotypes. "Omosaurus leedsi" is a nomen nudum used by Seeley on a label for CAMSM J.46874, a plate found in Cambridgeshire, the epithet honouring Alfred Nicholson Leeds. In 1910 Friedrich von Huene named Omosaurus vetustus, based on specimen OUM J.14000, a femur found in the west bank of Cherwell River, the epithet meaning "the ancient one". In 1911 Franz Nopcsa named Omosaurus lennieri, the epithet honouring Gustave Lennier, based on a partial skeleton in 1899 found in the Kimmeridgian Argiles d'Octeville near in Normandy, France. The specimen would be destroyed during the allied bombing of Caen in 1944.
Even as the last two Omosaurus species were named, it had become known that the name Omosaurus had been preoccupied by a "crocodilian" (in fact a phytosaur), Omosaurus perplexus Leidy 1856. In 1902 Frederick Augustus Lucas renamed the genus into Dacentrurus. The name is derived from Greek δα~, da~, "very" or "full of", κέντρον, kentron, "point", and οὐρά, oura, "tail". Lucas only gave a new combination name for the type species Omosaurus armatus: Dacentrurus armatus, but in 1915 Edwin Hennig moved most Omosaurus species to Dacentrurus, resulting in a Dacentrurus hastiger, Dacentrurus durobrivensis, Dacentrurus phillipsi and a Dacentrurus lennieri. Nevertheless, it would be common for researchers to use the name Omosaurus instead until the middle of the twentieth century. D. vetustus, earlier indicated as Omosaurus (Dacentrurus) vetustus by von Huene, was included with Lexovisaurus as a Lexovisaurus vetustus in 1983, but that assignment was rejected with both editions of the Dinosauria, and O. vetustus is now the type species of "Eoplophysis".
In 2021, remains attributed to Dacentrurus sensu lato were reported from the earliest Cretaceous (Berriasian) Angeac-Charente bonebed of France, these consisted of a partial skeleton including parts of the braincase, vertebrae, ribs and phalanges.
Distribution
Due to the fact it represented the best known stegosaurian species from Europe, most stegosaur discoveries in this area were referred to Dacentrurus. This included finds in Wiltshire and Dorset in southern England (among them a vertebra ascribed to D. armatus in Weymouth), fossils from France and Spain and five more historically recent skeletons from Portugal. Most of these finds were fragmentary in nature; the only more complete skeletons were the holotypes of D. armatus and D. lennieri. Eventually the strata from which Dacentrurus was reported amounted to the following list:
Argiles d'Octeville
Camadas de Alcobaça
Kimmeridge Clay
Lourinhã Formation
Unidade Bombarral
Villar del Arzobispo Formation
Eggs attributed to Dacentrurus have been discovered in Portugal.
Peter Malcolm Galton in the eighties referred all stegosaur remains from Late Jurassic deposits in western Europe to D. armatus. A radically different approach was in 2008 taken by Susannah Maidment who limited the material of D. armatus to its holotype. Most named species, among them Astrodon pusillus from Portugal based on stegosaur fossils, she considered nomina dubia. She considered the specimens from mainland Europe possibly a separate species, but as it was too limited to establish distinctive traits she assigned it to Dacentrurus sp.
In 2013, Alberto Cobos and Francisco Gascó described stegosaurian vertebral remains, which were found grouped together in the "Barranco Conejero" locality of the Villar del Arzobispo Formation in Riodeva (Teruel, Spain). The remains were assigned to Dacentrurus armatus and consist of four vertebral centra, specimens MAP-4488-4491, from a single individual, two of which are cervical vertebrae, the third is dorsal, and the last is caudal. This discovery was considered significant because it would demonstrate both the intra-specific variability of Dacentrurus armatus, and the strong prevalence of Dacentrurus in the Iberian range during the Jurassic-Cretaceous boundary, approximately 145 million years ago. However, new paratype material of Miragaia described in 2019 shows stronger affinities to the Villar del Arzobispo material than the holotype material of Dacentrurus.
Description
Dacentrurus was one of the largest stegosaur along with Stegosaurus, with some specimens have been estimated to reach in length, in hip height and in body mass. For a stegosaur, the gut was especially broad, and a massive rump is also indicated by exceptionally wide dorsal vertebrae centra. The hindlimb was rather short, but the forelimb relatively long, largely because of a long lower arm.
Although Dacentrurus is considered to have the same proportions as Stegosaurus, its plate and spike configuration is known to be rather different, as it probably had both two rows of small plates on its neck and two rows of longer spikes along its tail. The holotype specimen of Dacentrurus armatus contained a small blunt asymmetrical neck plate and also included a tail spike which could have been part of a thagomizer. The tail spike had sharp cutting edges on its front and rear side. Dacentrurus has sometimes been portrayed with a spike growing near the shoulder, similarly to a Kentrosaurus. Whether this portrayal is accurate or not is not yet determined.
Phylogeny
Dacentrurus was the first stegosaur of which good remains had ever been discovered; earlier finds as Paranthodon, Regnosaurus and Craterosaurus were too limited to be directly recognisable as representing a distinctive new group. Owen therefore was unable to closely relate his Omosaurus to other species but was aware it represented a member of the Dinosauria. In 1888 Richard Lydekker named a family Omosauridae, but this name fell into disuse once it was realised that Omosaurus was preoccupied. In the twentieth century Dacentrurus was usually assigned to the Stegosauridae.
Earlier often considered to have been a rather basal stegosaurid, Dacentrurus was by more extensive cladistic analyses in 2008 and 2010 shown to be relatively derived, forming the clade Dacentrurinae with its sister species Miragaia longicollum. The Dacentrurinae were the sister group of Stegosaurus (Stegosaurinae sensu Sereno). The following cladogram shows the position of Dacentrurus armatus within the Thyreophora according to Maidment (2010):
See also
Timeline of stegosaur research
References
Further reading
External links
Natural History Museum site on Dacentrurus
dulops.net on Dacentrurus
Discussion on the claimed small size of Dacentrurus
Stegosaurs
Kimmeridgian life
Late Jurassic dinosaurs of Europe
Jurassic Portugal
Jurassic Spain
Fossils of Spain
Fossil taxa described in 1902
Taxa named by Frederic Augustus Lucas
Ornithischian genera
Andrei Chesnokov was the defending champion, but did not participate this year.
Karel Nováček won the title, defeating Thomas Muster 6–4, 6–2 in the final.
Seeds
Stefan Edberg (second round)
Aaron Krickstein (second round)
Michael Chang (first round)
Jim Courier (quarterfinals)
Carl-Uwe Steeb (second round)
Pete Sampras (first round)
Guillermo Pérez Roldán (first round)
Horst Skoff (first round)
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
External links
Singles draw
Singles
Brabham is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Brabham racing family
Jack Brabham, Australian three-time Formula 1 World Champion
Geoff Brabham, Australian international Indy car and Sports Car racing driver
Roseina Brabham, jet ski racing champion, wife of Geoff, mother of Matthew
Matthew Brabham, Australian/American international racing driver
Gary Brabham, Australian international racing driver and convicted rapist
David Brabham, Australian international Formula 1 and Sports Car racing driver
Lisa Brabham (née Thackwell), racing driver, wife of David, mother of Sam
Sam Brabham, British racing driver
Other people
Brenda Brabham, 2005 Miss Pennsylvania USA
Cary Brabham (born 1970), American-football player
Danny Brabham (1941–2011), U.S. American-football player
Doris Brabham Hatt (1890–1969), British artist
Henry Brabham (1929–2020), founder of the North American ice hockey league ECHL
See also
Brabham (disambiguation)
Braham (surname)
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1516.
Events
March 1 – Desiderius Erasmus publishes a new Greek translation of the New Testament, Novum Instrumentum omne, in Basel. This year Erasmus also writes The Education of a Christian Prince although it is not published until 1532.
c. December – Thomas More's Utopia, combining fiction and political philosophy and completed this year, is published in Leuven in Latin.
unknown dates
Samuel Nedivot's the 14th century Hebrew Sefer Abudirham in Fez is the first book printed in Africa.
Paolo Ricci translates the 13th century Kabbalistic work Sha'are Orah by Joseph ben Abraham Gikatilla into Latin, as Portae Lucis.
New books
Prose
Heinrich Cornelius Agrippa
(published in Casale)
Bartolomé de las Casas – Memorial de Remedios para las Indias
Erasmus – Novum Instrumentum omne
Robert Fabyan (anonymous; died c. 1512) – The New Chronicles of England and France (published by Richard Pynson in London)
Marsilio Ficino –
Thomas More – Utopia
Andre Pauernfeindt – (Foundation of the knightly art of combat by the fencing guild of Vienna)
Poetry
Ludovico Ariosto – Orlando Furioso (first version, April)
Baptista Mantuanus (published in France)AgellariaDe sacris diebus'' (published in Lyon)
Births
March 26 – Conrad Ges(s)ner, Swiss naturalist, bibliographer and poet (died 1565)
April 23 – Georg Fabricius, Saxon historian, classical archaeologist and epigrapher and poet (died 1571)
December 21 – Giuseppe Leggiadri Gallani, Parmese-born poet and dramatist (died c. 1590)
Deaths
March 22 – Baptista Mantuanus, Mantuan Carmelite reformer, humanist and Latin poet (born 1447)
December 13 – Johannes Trithemius, German lexicographer and chronicler (born 1462)
References
1516
1516 books
Years of the 16th century in literature
The 1981–82 Norwegian 1. Divisjon season was the 43rd season of ice hockey in Norway. Ten teams participated in the league, and Valerenga Ishockey won the championship.
Regular season
Playoffs
External links
Norwegian Ice Hockey Federation
Nor
GET-ligaen seasons
1981 in Norwegian sport
1982 in Norwegian sport
Bremen High School, BHS, or simply Bremen is a public four year high school located in Midlothian, Illinois. It is the first school built as part of Bremen Community High School District 228 which also includes Tinley Park High School, Hillcrest High School and Oak Forest High School. Bremen High School was opened in 1953 along with the creation of Bremen High School District 228 to serve students in the newly developing areas at the time. Bremen High School is named after the township in which it is located, Bremen Township.
History
Prior to the opening of the school, students attended Thornton Township High School, Bloom Township High School, Blue Island High School, and Joliet Township High School. Bremen High School opened in September 1953, though it was not officially dedicated until November, with Senator Everett Dirksen presiding over the dedication. The staff consisted of 37 teachers and administrators and 732 students. Construction costs for the construction was $1,175,000.
About Bremen High School
Bremen High School was the first school to be built in district 228. The school mainly serves the communities of Midlothian, Posen, Markham and a small part of Harvey. Bremen High school is also member of the South Suburban Conference. William J. Stolz, class of 1956, was the first Bremen Graduate to be elected to the Board of Education and went to Washington D.C. as the youngest school board President in the Nation.
Athletics
The Athletic Director is Mr. Eric Washington.
Bremen competes in the South Suburban Conference and is a member of the Illinois High School Association (IHSA); the organization which governs most sports and competitive activities in the state. Teams are stylized as the Braves. School colors are red and grey.
The school sponsors interscholastic teams for young men and women in baseball, basketball, cheerleading, cross-country, football, golf, lacrosse, soccer, softball, swimming, tennis, track and field, volleyball, and wrestling. Bremen also hosts the district water polo team. While not sponsored by the IHSA, Bremen also sponsors a pom pom team.
The following teams won their respective IHSA sponsored state championship tournament/meet:
Soccer (Boys): Sectional Champions (2007-2008)
Poms: State Champions (2005-2006)
Activities/Clubs
B.A.C.O, Art Club, Group Interpretation, Scholastic Bowl, Arrow (Yearbook), Interact Club, Science Club, Band, Chess Club, Key Club, Circle Book Club, Color Guard (Flag Corp), Special Interest Choir, Diversity Club, Mathletes, Speech Team, Drama, National Honor Society, Stage & Lighting, ECHO Student Newspaper,
Student Council, Energy Club, Oracle Vocational Club (BPA/DECA), F.A.C.S. Club, Pep Club, Vocational Club (FCCLA), P.R.I.S.M. / G.S.A., World Language Club, Business Prof. of America, Photo Club.
Notable alumni
Gary Bettenhausen, former auto racing driver
Ken Wahl, former actor and TV star
Pete Lovrich, Former MLB player (Kansas City Athletics)
George H. Rieke, astronomer, elected to the National Academy of Sciences in 2011.
Maxwell Dixon, former warden for Menard Correctional Center.
References
Educational institutions established in 1953
Public high schools in Cook County, Illinois
1953 establishments in Illinois
El Capitan Granite is a type of granite (also see granodiorite), in a large area near El Capitan, in Yosemite National Park, California, United States. The granite forms part of the Tuolumne Intrusive Suite (also known as Tuolumne Batholith), one of the four major intrusive suites within the Sierra Nevada.
El Capitan granite is mostly unjointed.
Composition
The granite has abundant quartz, plagioclase, crystals of orthoclase, and both feldspars — orthoclase and plagioclase — are white. Hornblende is rare, compared to other Yosemite granites. Most black minerals are biotite.
Location
It is found west of Half Dome Granodiorite, both north and south, to a western limit near Cookie Cliffs.
All Turtleback Dome, El Capitan, The Three Brothers, and Cathedral Rocks are made of El Capitan Granite as is Elephant Rock.
El Capitan Granite makes up most of the granite found in the west half of the Yosemite Valley area.
Age
El Capitan Granite intruded older plutonic rocks about 103 Ma, during the Cretaceous Period.
See also
Cathedral Peak Granodiorite
Geology of the Yosemite area
Half Dome Granodiorite
Kuna Crest Granodiorite
Sentinel granodiorite
Tuolumne Intrusive Suite
References
External links
A technical link
Another technical link
Geology of California
Geology of Yosemite National Park
Cretaceous magmatism
Yosemite National Park
Senecio aronicoides is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name rayless ragwort. It is native to Oregon and northern and central California, where it can be found in the woodlands and forests of mountains and foothills, often in relatively dry habitat. It is a biennial or perennial herb growing up to about 90 centimeters tall from a fleshy root attached to a buttonlike caudex. The plant is often slightly woolly or cobwebby in texture. The leaves have lance-shaped to oval blades measuring up to 20 centimeters long, the largest ones lower on the stem. The inflorescence is a corymb which is flat and spreading, often resembling an umbel. The flower heads are cups lined with black- or green-tipped phyllaries and filled with many gold disc florets. There are usually no ray florets but one or two occasionally emerge from a head. The fruit is a hairless achene tipped with a pappus of long, white bristles.
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment
USDA Plants Profile
Flora of North America
Photo gallery
aronicoides
Flora of Oregon
Flora of California
Flora of North America
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Senator Gregorio may refer to:
Arlen F. Gregorio (born 1931), California State Senate
John T. Gregorio (1928–2013), New Jersey State Senate
See also
Senator Gregory (disambiguation)
Kingsland is an area in the community of Holyhead, Anglesey, Wales.
It is also a community electoral ward for the town, electing two councillors to Holyhead Town Council. Prior to the Isle of Anglesey electoral boundary changes in 2012 Kingsland was also a ward for the Isle of Anglesey County Council, electing a county councillor. It was traditionally represented by the Labour Party. After 2012 it became part of the Ynys Gybi county ward.
According to the 2011 UK Census the population of Kingsland was 1,525.
Etymology
Then name was given to the area in 1821, when King George visited the town. He continued on to Ireland, where his visit saw the town of Dunleary renamed Kingstown in his honour. It kept the name until 1920, when it was once again given its original name in its Irish form, Dún Laoghaire. Evidence taken from 18th century letters show that the Kingsland area of Holyhead was previously called Penllechnêst.
References
Hamlets in Wales
Holyhead
Wards of Anglesey
Uruachi is one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in northern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Uruachi. The municipality covers an area of 3,058.31 km2.
As of 2010, the municipality had a total population of 8,200, up from 7,934 as of 2005.
As of 2010, the town of Uruachi had a population of 1,199. Other than the town of Uruachi, the municipality had 422 localities, none of which had a population over 1,000.
Geography
Towns and villages
The municipality has 268 localities. The largest are:
History
Five residents of Santísimo de Abajo were shot and killed and their vehicle was burned on January 31, 2021.
References
Municipalities of Chihuahua (state)
Project KickStart is desktop project management software by Experience in Software, Inc. in Berkeley, California. The program uses a wizard-like interface for project planning.
History
The original Project KickStart for DOS was released in 1992. The product far outsold Experience in Software's other titles, and in 1995 Project KickStart for Windows was released. Versions 2, 3, 4 and 5 (all for Windows) followed. Since 2008, the company sells Project KickStart Standard 5 and Project KickStart Pro 5.
Software
Project KickStart's wizard prompts users to identify phases, goals, obstacles and personnel assignments for projects and uses a calendar to produce a Gantt chart that features the project's phases and the goals, tasks and assignments for each.
KickStart's project files can be exported into Microsoft's Project, Outlook, Word, Excel or PowerPoint, as well as ACT!, Milestones Professional, MindManager and WBS Chart.
References
External links
Official Website
Project management software
1992 software
Projects established in 1992
The Illinois Commerce Commission is a quasi-judicial tribunal that regulates public utility services in the U.S. state of Illinois. The mission of the ICC is "to pursue an appropriate balance between the interest of consumers and existing and emerging service providers to ensure the provision of adequate, efficient, reliable, safe and least-cost public utility services." The most visible part of this mission is the setting of rates and charges for service by public utilities. (For the ICC, the term "public utility" includes private companies serving the public, but not municipal utilities that are, in a sense, owned by the public.) Examples of utility types regulated by the ICC include electric, natural gas, telecommunications, water, and sewer. The ICC also regulates certain transportation activities, including railroad safety, towing, trucking, and household goods moving.
Since the 1970s, the Commission's Springfield, Illinois headquarters has been in the former Leland Hotel.
Chairmen and commissioners
The ICC has five Commissioners, who are appointed by the Governor of Illinois for five year terms and confirmed by the Illinois Senate. Under Illinois law, no more than three Commissioners may belong to the same political party.
Current Commissioners
See also
Public Utilities Commission
References
External links
Illinois Commerce Commission Website
Illinois
Commerce Commission
Sphaeroderma is a large genus of flea beetles in the family Chrysomelidae, with some 250 species from the Old World.
Selected species
Sphaeroderma epilachnoides (Wollaston, 1867)
Sphaeroderma freyi Bechyné, 1955
Sphaeroderma rubidum Graëlls, 1858
Sphaeroderma splendens (Gressitt & Kimoto, 1963)
Sphaeroderma testaceum (Fabricius, 1775)
Gallery
References
Alticini
Chrysomelidae genera
Taxa named by James Francis Stephens
Marsili syndrome is an extremely rare genetic disorder which is characterized by symptoms similar to those reported on individuals with congenital insensitivity to pain with anhidrosis. It can be fatal if it goes unnoticed/undiagnosed.
Signs and symptoms
Individuals with this disorder usually have a congenital inability to sense pain, reduced ability to sense temperature, and hypohidrosis/anhidrosis which typically results in the body's impaired ability to regulate body temperature. Although these symptoms are consistent with CIPA, there are also symptoms which wouldn't br able to fulfill the criteria for CIPA, these include: the ability to have occasional headaches, the ability to feel light touch and the pain that comes with childbirth (women), and the absence of congenital anosmia, which is a condition that causes the inability to smell from birth, which would reasonably leave a normal, untouched sense of smell. Additional findings include corneal hyporeflexia.
Complications
Injuries such as osseous fractures, skin burns, bruises and more serious ailments such as internal bleeding and appendicitis have a higher occurrence rate among people with the condition, since they don't have a concept of pain, they don't have a way of knowing if they have been injured or if they are suffering from pain in an area of their body that isn't the head or the stomach.
Mode of inheritance
Unlike CIPA and CIP which are considered hereditary due to their recessive inheritance this condition is dominantly inherited, which would make it genetic. This is due to the fact that although it can be inherited, all familial cases of a dominant disease are the result of an ancestor who first had a spontaneous mutation which wasn't present in the close relatives (including parents) of said ancestors;
Autosomal recessive inheritance means that for a person to exhibit a specific trait/disorder, both of their parents must have a copy of the mutated gene that causes the trait/disorder, in parents who carry the disorder, there is a 1 in 4 (or 25%) chance for one of their babies to be born with both copies of the gene and thus, express the trait
Autosomal dominant inheritance means that for a person to exhibit a specific trait/disorder, only one copy of a mutated gene is enough for the trait to be exhibited, and although this mutation can be inherited, it can also occur spontaneously, and due to its dominant nature over recessive genes, it expresses itself. In familial cases (where one of the parents carries the mutated gene), there is a 1 in 2 (or 50%) chance that one of their babies will be born with the mutation and thus, express the gene.
Causes
Through a 3-generation Italian family, it was found that this condition was caused by an autosomal dominant point missense mutation in the ZFHX2 gene, in chromosome 14.
Management
This condition (along with CIPA and CIP) doesn't have an agreed upon management, but the general tactic is to check an affected individual every once in a period of time (e.g. hourly) for injuries such as bruises. If an injury is suspected, methods such as radiography, CT scans, or magnetic resonance imaging should be done.
Epidemiology
This condition is extremely rare; according to OMIM, only 17 cases from 4 families worldwide have been described in medical literature.
Cases
The following list consists of all the cases of Marsili syndrome recorded in medical literature:
1960: Ervin and Sternbach describe 6 members from a 2-generation family with dominantly-inherited congenital insensitivity to pain.
1974: Comings and Amromin describe 3 members from a 2-generation family which consisted of a mother, her son and her daughter with the symptoms characteristic of Marsili syndrome, there was a possibility that the earlier generation (grandparent) was also affected.
1990: Landrieu et al. describes 2 members from a 2-generation family which consisted of a mother and her daughter. Nerve biopsies for both unmyelinated and myelinated fibers returned normal. Since the biological father of the daughter was unknown, this case could have been an instance of pseudodominance inheritance.
2018: Habib et al. describes 6 members from a 3-generation family from Italy, these individuals had a history of not experiencing pain to injuries of any sort (e.g. cutaneous burns, osseous fractures) which in turn didn't interfere with the use of body parts affected by said injuries. These individuals reported experiencing visceral pain, headaches and, when tested, didn't have an impaired ability to feel light touch, and (when also tested) had a reduced ability to feel capsaicin, which in turn let them eat spicy food calmly, which wouldn't be the case for people with normal pain sensation, and didn't suffer from congenital anosmia. (lifelong inability to smell from birth)
Eponym
This condition was named after the family reported in 2018 by Habib et al.
Media coverage
The most covered family in the media with this condition is the Italian family reported by Habib et al. in 2018, with various media companies worldwide reporting on the story, these articles often reassure viewers that not feeling pain is not a desirable "superpower", since it can turn dangerous in untreated and unmanaged cases.
Examples of media companies which have covered this condition (and the Italian family) include:
NewAtlas
ElSevier
Smithsonian Magazine
BBC
ScienceAlert
This list does not comprise by any means all of the media companies which have reported on the condition, it is meant to show some of the various companies which have used it in one of their stories.
See also
Congenital insensitivity to pain
Congenital insensitivity to pain with anhidrosis
Hereditary sensory and autonomic neuropathy
References
Genetic diseases and disorders
Autosomal dominant disorders
Malcolm Toshio Lee (born May 22, 1990) is an American professional basketball player who last played for the CSO Voluntari of the Liga Națională. As a college basketball player with the UCLA Bruins, he received all-conference honors in the Pacific-10 (later known as the Pac-12). After his junior year, he was selected in the second round of the 2011 NBA draft, and began his professional career with the Minnesota Timberwolves.
Early years
Lee was born in Riverside, California, to Toshio and Delma Lee. He attended John W. North High School in Riverside.
Considered a four-star recruit by Rivals.com, Lee was listed as the No. 5 shooting guard and the No. 47 player in the nation in 2008.
Lee was named to the All-Pac-10 first team and Pac-10 All-Defensive team in his junior year at UCLA in 2011. He declared for the NBA draft after the season against the advice of UCLA coach Ben Howland. ESPN, Fox Sports, and Yahoo also questioned Lee's decision.
Professional career
Lee was drafted in the second round of the 2011 NBA Draft with the 43rd overall pick by the Chicago Bulls. He was traded on draft night to the Minnesota Timberwolves along with the draft rights to Norris Cole, the 28th pick, for the draft rights to Nikola Mirotić, the 23rd pick.
Lee signed a three-year guaranteed contract with the Timberwolves, rare for a second round pick. After his knee grew sore during training camp, Lee missed the beginning of the after undergoing surgery to repair a torn meniscus in his left knee. On February 6, 2012, he was assigned to the Sioux Falls Skyforce in the NBA Development League to rehabilitate his knee, and he was recalled after playing three games. He was reassigned to Sioux Falls on February 29. He made his NBA regular season debut on March 10, 2012.
In 2012–13, Lee missed the majority of training camp and the exhibition season with an injured groin. He started 12 games during the regular season, including a career-high 10 points on December 4, 2012, in a win at Philadelphia. He became slowed by injuries, missing the remainder of the season after two surgeries in January: one hip surgery and another to repair damaged cartilage in his right knee.
On June 27, 2013, the day of the 2013 NBA Draft, Lee was traded to the Golden State Warriors, who subsequently traded him to the Phoenix Suns. He spent the summer in Phoenix rehabilitating, but a less than full-strength right quadriceps prevented him from being cleared for full work. He was traded again on October 25, 2013, along with Marcin Gortat, Shannon Brown, and Kendall Marshall, to the Washington Wizards in exchange for Emeka Okafor and a 2014 lottery protected first round draft pick. Lee, Brown, and Marshall were all waived by the Wizards three days later.
On October 7, 2014, Lee signed with the Philadelphia 76ers. However, he was later waived by the 76ers on October 25, 2014. On November 3, 2014, he was acquired by the Delaware 87ers as an affiliate player. On December 5, he re-signed with the 76ers. Six days later, he was waived by the 76ers when they acquired Andrei Kirilenko and Jorge Gutiérrez in a trade. On December 13, he returned to Delaware and played that same night against the Canton Charge. On January 30, 2015, Lee was traded to the Grand Rapids Drive for the returning player rights to Khalif Wyatt.
On February 8, 2016, he signed with Brujos de Guayama of the Puerto Rican League. In 19 games, he averaged 13.4 points per game.
On September 14, 2016, he signed with Trabzonspor Basketball of the Turkish League.
On November 1, 2017, Lee signed with Igokea for the rest of the 2017–18 season. On January 16, 2018, he left with Igokea, and signed with German club Tigers Tübingen for the rest of the 2017–18 BBL season.
On January 31, 2019, Lee moved to Greece and signed with Kolossos Rodou. On October 11, 2019, he signed with another Greek team, Rethymno Cretan Kings, for the 2019-2020 season, replacing Prince Williams. Lee averaged 5.7 points, 4.8 rebounds, and 2.2 assists per game. On August 16, 2020, he signed with CSO Voluntari of the Liga Națională. After averaging 10.2 points, 4.2 rebounds, and 2.3 assists per game, Lee re-signed with the team on June 27, 2021.
Career statistics
NBA statistics
Regular season
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Minnesota
| 19 || 0 || 12.8 || .390 || .200 || .824 || 1.4 || 1.6 || .4 || .2 || 3.3
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Minnesota
| 16 || 12 || 18.1 || .382 || .333 || .600 || 2.4 || 1.3 || .8 || .4 || 4.9
|-
| align="left"|
| align="left"| Philadelphia
| 1 || 0 || 2.0 || .000 || .000 || .000 || .0 || .0 || .0 || .0 || .0
|-class="sortbottom"
| align="center" colspan=2 | Career
| 36 || 12 || 14.8 || .382 || .294 || .703 || 1.8 || 1.4 || .6 || .3 || 3.9
College statistics
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2008–09
| style="text-align:left;"| UCLA
| 29 || 0 || 10.7 || .500 || .300 || .417 || 1.5 || .6 || .5 || .1 || 3.2
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2009–10
| style="text-align:left;"| UCLA
| 32 || 32 || 34.8 || .432 || .252 || .706 || 4.4 || 3.1 || 1.1 || .3 || 12.1
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2010–11
| style="text-align:left;"| UCLA
| 33 || 33 || 33.1 || .437 || .295 || .778 || 3.1 || 2.0 || .7 || .2 || 13.1
|-class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan=2| Career
| 94 || 65 || 26.7 || .441 || .278 || .717 || 3.0 || 2.0 || .8 || .2 || 9.7
References
External links
NBA D-League Profile
UCLA Bruins bio
1990 births
Living people
ABA League players
American expatriate basketball people in Bosnia and Herzegovina
American expatriate basketball people in Germany
American expatriate basketball people in Greece
American expatriate basketball people in Turkey
American expatriate basketball people in Romania
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from California
Chicago Bulls draft picks
CSO Voluntari players
Delaware 87ers players
Grand Rapids Drive players
KK Igokea players
Kolossos Rodou B.C. players
Minnesota Timberwolves players
Philadelphia 76ers players
People from Moreno Valley, California
Shooting guards
Sioux Falls Skyforce players
Sportspeople from Riverside County, California
Tigers Tübingen players
Trabzonspor B.K. players
UCLA Bruins men's basketball players
The McLaren Senna is a limited-production mid-engined sports car manufactured by McLaren Automotive. The car is the third addition in the McLaren Ultimate Series, joining the F1 and the P1; however, it is not a direct successor to either of the cars. The Senna was unveiled online by the company on 10 December 2017, with the official unveiling taking place at the 2018 Geneva Motor Show.
Nomenclature
The car is named after the Brazilian Formula One race driver Ayrton Senna, honouring and giving tribute to his success with the McLaren Formula One Team between and Formula 1 seasons. Senna won three Formula One World Drivers' Championship titles and thirty-five Formula One Grand Prix race wins with the team; McLaren also won four consecutive Formula One World Constructor's Championship titles with Senna as part of their driver line-up.
McLaren Automotive holds the rights to the Senna family name along with the Instituto Ayrton Senna. The organisation and McLaren have made the Senna name exclusive to the car, thereby prohibiting any other company from using the name.
Specifications and performance
Design
Exterior
McLaren's main focus while designing the Senna was to achieve faster lap times. In order to do so, McLaren developed a lightweight design that incorporated aerodynamic elements.
The Senna is largely based on the McLaren 720S, using a modified version of its carbon fibre monocoque and engine. The Senna is powered by a modified version of the McLaren 720S' twin-turbocharged V8 engine codenamed the M840TR. It utilises a seven-speed dual-clutch transmission that delivers all at 7,250 rpm and of torque at 5,500 rpm to the rear wheels. Unlike the previous offering in the Ultimate Series, the McLaren P1, the Senna does not use an electric motor in favour of its low claimed dry weight of , which allows for a maximum power-to-weight ratio of per ton.
The car has many aerodynamic elements, there being a large adjustable double-element rear wing (that is operated electronically and has various settings in order to provide optimum performance while also acting as an airbrake), double-element diffuser, Formula One-inspired roof scoop, front and side air intakes, rear air louvres, and large front fenders. Inside the panel beside the intakes is a small set of mini-canards. Areas of low pressure are accompanied using high-performance radiators that ensure improved engine cooling. The car uses dihedral doors, like the previous offerings in the Ultimate Series, and also has optional windows applied on the lower area of its doors.
The Senna uses a new generation of Brembo's carbon ceramic brakes, containing a compound that has three and a half times better thermal conductivity than before, making the brakes smaller and lighter. It also features a new set of lightweight center-lock alloy wheels designed for Pirelli P-Zero Trofeo R tyres. Its central design is a new generation of McLaren's carbon fibre monocoque named MonoCage III, which contributes to the car's relatively low dry weight. The car utilises a top mounted (hot-vee) inconel-titanium exhaust system with three outlet pipes in order for a more aggressive exhaust note and engine emissions.
Interior
The interior consists largely of exposed carbon fibre and Alcantara, with seats that can be upholstered in Alcantara or leather, depending on the customer's preference. Behind the two seats is room large enough for two helmets and race suits, reflecting the car's minimalist and track focused design. The car utilises McLaren's hydraulic RaceActive Chassis Control II (RCC II) suspension along with double-wishbone control arms.
Performance statistics
Manufacturer claimed figures:
In February 2018, McLaren released the full performance statistics of the track-oriented Senna model:
: 2.8 seconds.
: 6.8 seconds.
: 17.5 seconds.
Standing : 9.9 seconds.
Power-to-weight ratio: 659 hp/tonne.
Top speed: (redline limited).
Independent test (done by Autocar):
in 3.1 seconds
in 5.5 seconds
in 7.1 seconds
in 19.8 seconds
Standing 1/4 mile in 10.4 seconds.
Production
Every car was hand-built at the McLaren Production Centre in Woking, Surrey, England with a production run of just 500 units, all of which are already sold. The McLaren Senna is listed at a price of £750,000 with the final car auctioned at a price of £1,916,793. Deliveries began in the third quarter of 2018.
McLaren Senna GTR
At the 2018 Geneva Motor Show, McLaren unveiled the concept version of the track-only iteration of the Senna dubbed the Senna GTR. The production Senna GTR unveiled two years later has a different bodywork from the concept, with a different wing setup, toned-down aerodynamics, and utilizes a dual-clutch race transmission for faster gear shifts, a revised suspension system and Pirelli racing slicks in order to make it the fastest non-Formula One vehicle McLaren has ever created for faster lap times. The Senna GTR is estimated to produce at least from its 4.0 L twin-turbocharged V8 engine and is meant to be faster and more agile than its road-going counterpart. On the exterior, the GTR utilizes wider front and rear fenders, a larger front splitter, new wheels and a bigger rear diffuser in order to make the car generate about of downforce. The Senna GTR will be limited to only 75 examples.
In reviewing the future regulations for the World Endurance Championship, the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA) identified the Senna GTR as one of several models that fit their vision of a replacement for the Le Mans Prototype class. It was also a competitor at the 2019 Goodwood Festival of Speed.
McLaren Senna LM
The McLaren Senna LM is a track-oriented variant of the Senna, made by the McLaren Special Operations department and Lanzante Motorsport. The bodywork remains the same as the standard Senna, but has components from the Senna GTR. The unique orange livery is a homage to the McLaren F1 LM, which itself is made from inspiration to celebrate the winning F1 GTR that won the 1995 Le Mans. The Senna LM also features polished ports and cylinder heads, OZ center-lock wheels with a retro design, satin-gold-tipped quad exhausts, louvers on the front fenders, the removal of the clear panel in the doors from the standard Senna, titanium panels and LM branding. Power of the 4-liter twin-turbo V8 is now up to , which matches the Senna GTR. Only 35 units were produced, with 5 units to the US market and 7 right-hand drive units. All 5 US Senna LM were delivered to the same person, a VIP client in Florida. That individual still owns 3 of the 5 US Senna LM, with the other two having been resold to other collectors. One of these models was destroyed in a road accident in 2020 by former Formula One driver Adrian Sutil.
McLaren Senna GTR LM
McLaren, specifically its Special Operations department, officially unveiled the McLaren Senna GTR LM, the road-legal iteration of the trackday-only Senna GTR, online on September 17, 2020. It is not to be confused with the standard McLaren Senna LM. Only five units have been made, and each has a unique paint scheme reflecting the five McLaren F1 GTRs at the 1995 24 Hours of Le Mans. All have been sold: two to a customer in the US, two to a customer in Spain, and one to a customer in the United Kingdom. The cars were made to celebrate the 25th anniversary of McLaren's win at LeMans. They feature OZ Racing wheels and have the same bodywork as the Senna GTR. Power has been increased to , higher than any other Senna variant to date. Power is 20 PS more than a base Senna GTR. The redline is also increased from 8250 rpm up to 9000 rpm.
McLaren Sabre
In December 2020, McLaren unveiled the Sabre, a McLaren model claimed to be exclusively made for the US market, with design inspirations heavily stemming from the McLaren Ultimate Vision Gran Turismo, while borrowing a few key aerodynamic elements from the McLaren Senna. The car was developed by McLaren Special Operations (MSO) and only 16 cars were produced.
Only 13 Sabres were delivered to the United States, despite original claims of US-exclusivity. One Sabre went to Lebanon, one Sabre went to Qatar, and one Sabre went to Bahrain. As of August 2022, there are only 12 Sabres in the United States after one moved to Singapore from California.
The non-hybrid twin-turbocharged 4.0-liter V8 engine is now rated at and the car's top speed is . That is 35 PS and 7mph more than a base Senna. McLaren claims the Sabre to be the fastest two-seat McLaren when it came out as the McLaren F1 and McLaren Speedtail both have three seats.
References
External links
McLaren Automotive page: Senna, Senna GTR
Press kit: Senna
McLaren Senna - Bruno Senna
Senna
Ayrton Senna
Cars introduced in 2018
Sports cars
Flagship vehicles
Coupés
Rear mid-engine, rear-wheel-drive vehicles
2020s cars
Monuments and memorials to Ayrton Senna
National Primary Route 5, or just Route 5 (, or ) is a National Road Route of Costa Rica, and it is a road from the area known as Tournón, in the triple limit of the Cinco Esquinas, Tibás district, Merced, San José district, and San Francisco, Goicoechea district in San José province to the Heredia district in the Heredia province of Costa Rica, and joins Route 108 and Route 3.
Description
The route is short in distance at 8.7km, goes from downtown San José, north of (downtown area), through the districts of Cinco Esquinas, San Juan of Tibás canton, and Santo Domingo, Santo Tomás, Santa Rosa, of Santo Domingo canton, and San Pablo canton, ending in Heredia district.
The route is also an east parallel alternative to the San José to Heredia segment of Route 3.
In San José province the route covers Tibás canton (San Juan, Cinco Esquinas districts).
In Heredia province the route covers Heredia canton (Heredia district), Santo Domingo canton (Santo Domingo, San Vicente, Santa Rosa districts), San Pablo canton (San Pablo, Rincón de Sabanilla districts).
History
On 23 March 2020, the Heredia terminus section was bifurcated to improve the traffic, by making Route 5 into an Heredia outbound section, and annexing 1.5km of the immediate north road, Avenida Joaquín Rodríguez, as Heredia inbound section, with a new semaphore at the joining point with Route 3. This bifurcation provides two lanes in each way, but the right lane will be for public transportation exclusive use at peak traffic hours (06:00-08:30 and 15:00-19:00). Both sections converge at the Route 5 and Calle 35 point, to one lane in each direction.
References
Road transport in Costa Rica
Lisa Hilton (born 1974) is a British writer of history books, historical fiction, articles for magazines and newspapers including Vogue and The Sunday Telegraph, librettist, and as L.S. Hilton, psychological thrillers Maestra (2016), Domina (2017) and Ultima (2018).
Personal life
Lisa Hilton was born in 1974 in Liverpool to parents who worked in education, as teachers of English and French, and Sociology respectively. She studied English at New College, Oxford, then history of art in France and Italy. She spent a short time working as an intern for Christie's auction house. Hilton has been married three times. With husband Nicola Moro, an Italian composer, she had a daughter, Ottavia; they have since divorced.
Books
Athénais: The Real Queen of France
Athénais: The Real Queen of France (2002) is a biography of Louis XIV's mistress Françoise-Athénaïs, marquise de Montespan. A review of this book draws parallels between her and Camilla Parker-Bowles, the former mistress of Prince Charles, now his wife and Duchess of Cornwall.
Mistress Peachum's Pleasure: The Life of Lavinia, Duchess of Bolton
Mistress Peachum's Pleasure (2006) is a biography of the eighteenth-century actress Lavinia Fenton, Duchess of Bolton.
Queens Consort: England's Medieval Queens
Queens Consort (2010) charts the extraordinary lives of England's medieval queens from Eleanor of Aquitaine to Elizabeth of York.
The House with Blue Shutters
The House with Blue Shutters (2010) is a novel set in southern France in World War Two and the present day.
The Horror of Love
The Horror of Love (2011) tells the story of famous English novelist and socialite Nancy Mitford's relationship with Gaston Palewski. In contrast to most biographers of Mitford, Hilton believes this relation is crucial to understanding Nancy. The Evening Standard found the style pedestrian but otherwise the book was "well-paced and informative". The Independent praised its charm in bringing Mitford's world to life. The Daily Express found it a good story, despite several minor errors. It was also reviewed by Kirkus Reviews.
Wolves in Winter
Wolves in Winter (2012) is a novel set in late 15th-century Italy. The central character, Mura, is sold as a slave aged 5, and eventually finds herself in the Florentine court. Red called it a "richly detailed page-turner" and compared it to Philippa Gregory.
Elizabeth: Renaissance Prince - A Biography
Elizabeth: Renaissance Prince (2014) provides new insights into one of England's greatest monarchs. It uses new research in France, Italy, Russia and Turkey to present a fresh interpretation of Elizabeth as a queen who saw herself primarily as a Renaissance prince, delivering a very different perspective on Elizabeth's emotional and sexual life, and upon her attempts to mould England into a European state. Elizabeth I was not an exceptional woman but an exceptional ruler: Hilton redraws English history with this animated portrait of an astounding life. Her biography maps Elizabeth's dramatic journey from a timid, newly crowned queen to one of England's most successful monarchs. The Independent praised it as 'an impressive balancing act; while eruditely analysing Renaissance ideas and Elizabethan realpolitik it retains all the sexiness we have come to expect from books about the Tudors. ... Hilton is particularly good at describing how Elizabeth created an immediately recognisable image and then presented it through portraits rich in allegory.' It is dedicated to her daughter.
The Stolen Queen
The Stolen Queen (2015) is an historical novel set in 1199 amid the backdrop of the great political struggles of medieval Europe.
Fiction published as L.S. Hilton
As L.S. Hilton, she is the author of psychological thriller Maestra, the first of a trilogy published by Bonnier Zaffre, G.P. Putnam's Sons, and 42 other publishers worldwide in 2016. Sony Pictures acquired the novel's film rights prior to publication: Amy Pascal is scheduled to produce the film through her Pascal Pictures production company, with the screenplay written by Erin Cressida Wilson. In June 2016 Hilton was named as Glamour Magazine's 'Writer of the Year' for Maestra. Domina, the sequel to Maestra, was published in April 2017. Ultima, the Trilogy's conclusion, was published in April 2018.
Librettist
As an opera librettist, Hilton has written Love Hurts, with music by Nicola Moro. The opera received its first performance in Milan at the Piccolo Teatro on 25 June 2016, conducted by James Ross, with its US premiere in New York City, at Symphony Space, in October 2016.
Journalism
Hilton has written for The Spectator, The Times Literary Supplement, Literary Review, Vogue, Tatler, Elle, The Royal Academy Magazine, The Daily Beast, The Evening Standard, The Observer, The Independent and The Daily Telegraph. She writes a monthly restaurant column for the British cultural and political affairs magazine Standpoint.
Bibliography
Nonfiction
The Real Queen of France: Athenais and Louis XIV (2002)
Mistress Peachum's Pleasure: The Life of Lavinia Fenton, Duchess of Bolton (2006)
Queens Consort: England's Medieval Queens (2008)
The Horror of Love (2011)
Elizabeth: Renaissance Prince - A Biography (2014)
Fiction
The House with the Blue Shutters (2010)
Wolves in Winter (2012)
The Stolen Queen (2015)
As L.S. Hilton
Maestra (2016)
Domina (2017)
Ultima (2018)
Notes
English biographers
21st-century English novelists
Place of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Alumni of the University of Oxford
Writers from London
English women novelists
British women historians
21st-century English historians
21st-century English women writers
21st-century biographers
Women biographers
English opera librettists
Women opera librettists
Writers from Liverpool
English women non-fiction writers
1974 births
Colonel Nicholas Spencer, Jr. (1633–1689) was a merchant, planter and politician in colonial Virginia. Born in Cople, Bedfordshire, Spencer migrated to the Westmoreland County, Virginia, where he became a planter and which he represented in the Virginia House of Burgesses. Spencer later served as Secretary and President of the Council of the Virginia Colony, and on the departure of his cousin Thomas Colepeper, 2nd Baron Colepeper in 1683, was named Acting Governor (1683–84), in which capacity Spencer served until the arrival of Governor Lord Howard of Effingham. Spencer's role as agent for the Culpepers helped him and his cousin Lt. Col. John Washington, ancestor of George Washington, secure the patent for their joint land grant of the Mount Vernon estate.
Early life and migration to Virginia
Nicholas Spencer was born to an aristocratic English family long seated at Cople, Bedfordshire. The family was related to the Spencer family of Northamptonshire, with whom they shared a coat of arms. In 1531 the Spencers bought the manor of Rowlands at Cople, which they owned for several centuries. Nicholas Spencer, Sr., father of the Virginia emigrant, and his wife, the former Mary Gostwick, second daughter of Sir Edward Gostwick had several sons, of these William inherited the family estates but died childless after making his heir his nephew, also William, son of his next-brother Nicholas who had moved to Virginia. Another brother, Robert Spencer later removed from Surry County, Virginia, to Talbot County, Maryland, where his descendants long lived at Spencer Hall, the family plantation.
Nicholas Spencer moved from London to Westmoreland County, Virginia, in the 1650s, where he served as agent for his cousin John Colepeper, 1st Baron Colepeper. Colepeper had inherited his father's share of ownership in the Virginia Company in 1617, and was subsequently knighted and afterwards raised to the peerage. He became the one-seventh proprietor of the Northern Neck of Virginia under the charter of 1649. Colepeper never lived in the colonies, and his son Thomas Culpeper, 2nd Baron Culpeper of Thoresway, who lived at Leeds Castle, did not arrive in Virginia until 1680. In the meantime Nicholas Spencer had come to Virginia to help oversee his cousin John's investment.
Becoming a Virginia administrator and agent
On his arrival in the colony, Spencer secured an appointment as a customs collector, in addition to his post as the administrator of his cousin's Virginia estates. (Spencer's job as agent for his Colepeper cousins included such functionary tasks as seizing 'winter beaver skins' or casks of tobacco for debts owed the Colepeper interests). Spencer and John Washington jointly held the post of customs collector on the Potomac. (After Washington's death in 1679, Spencer was sole customs collector on the Potomac.) He also won his own land grant. But Spencer was, unlikely as it sounds, apparently an efficient administrator on his own, later being appointed to additional posts in Virginia by virtue of his abilities. Spencer was apparently a pragmatic administrator. He was also a hard-nosed capitalist. When it came to slavery, for instance, Spencer weighed the benefits of enslaved labor in a strictly cost-benefit way. "The low price of Tobacco," Spencer wrote, "requires it should be made as cheap as possible, and that Blacks can make it cheaper than Whites." Spencer's rationale for slavery was probably as succinctly heartless as any committed to paper.
Spencer's role as an aristocratic bureaucrat in the new colony was a tricky one. He was navigating the shoals of dilemmas which have perplexed a nation for centuries. While simultaneously attempting to rationalize slavery, Spencer was also writing to the Privy Council in England about the Virginia Colony's precarious place on the edge of Catholic Maryland. "Unruly and unorderly spirits lay hold of ye motion of affairs," Spencer wrote, "and that under the pretext of Religion, soe as from those false glasses to pretend to betake themselves to Arms... from the groundless Imaginacon (sic) that the few Papists in Maryland and Virginia had conspired to hyre the Seneca Indians, to ye Cutting off, and totall distroying of all ye Protestants."
At the same time, the forces that were propelling the Virginia Colony into the forefront of American economic and social might – primarily the raising of tobacco based on slavery – were simultaneously making Spencer's administrative role tricky. The Virginia colony of the era was, as the eminent colonial historian Edmund S. Morgan wrote, "the volatile society." There were popular uprisings such as Bacon's Rebellion, as well as the tobacco plant-cutting riots. A communication to the Crown in 1674 noted that his opposition to the Bacon Rebellion, for instance, had taken a toll on Spencer's estates. Having done the country "very good service against the Rebells, in that hee affected part of the Country where he resided, and as wee are credibly informed, by his Correspondence here is much Impaired in his Estate by the late Rebells."
In 1682 Spencer wrote to London in the wake of the events roiling Virginia. "Bacon's Rebellion," Spencer told colonial overseers in London, "had left an itching behind it". It was "plaine" that the class tensions stirred by the Rebellion had lingered, with a "mutinous mob" subsequently engaged in "wild and extravagant" rioting, going from farm to farm, tearing tobacco plants out by their roots. The Virginia government reacted harshly with militia patrols and the promise of steep fines. The "frenzy," according to Spencer, destroyed crops on over 200 plantations, and was driven by a glutted tobacco market which had depressed prices. Even the wives, Spencer wrote, took up hoes laid down by their husbands and continued to rip out the plants. Such civil disobedience, Nicholas Spencer saw, was the price paid by colonial administrators acting the foil for the empire's merchants back home.
When taken with symptoms of illness, Spencer wrote to his brother in England outlining his pains, and asked him to consult an English doctor and send him the diagnosis as quickly as possible.
Nor was Spencer's role as his Colepeper cousins' agent an easy job. As landlords of an almost-feudal domain eventually encompassing over five million acres (20,000 km²) in the new colony, the Colepeper Northern Neck grant, eventually passed on to their Fairfax heirs, came to be seen by some colonists as an onerous reminder of English aristocratic privilege. In Colepeper's absence, it fell to their relation Spencer to do the heavy-lifting of collecting rents and taxes on the Colepeper barony.
In the meantime, Spencer married Frances, the daughter of Col. John Mottrom of Coan Hall of Northumberland County, Virginia. Mottrom was likely the first white settler of the Northern Neck in the early seventeenth century. He later served as the first Burgess for Northumberland in 1645, and presided over the county court for four years. Mottrom's daughter and her husband Nicholas Spencer named one of their sons, Mottrom, after John Mottrom. Another Spencer son, William, returned to England for schooling and remained there, serving as a Whig Member of Parliament for Bedfordshire. William Spencer, the son of the Virginia emigrant Nicholas, married Lady Catherine Wentworth, daughter of Thomas Wentworth, 1st Earl of Cleveland. (Following the early death of William, his brother Nicholas Jr. returned to England to succeed to the family estates.)
Nicholas Spencer was prominent in the affairs of the Virginia colony, residing at his plantation on Nomini Creek. Westmoreland County's Cople Parish, the Anglican parish which embraced half the county, was renamed in 1668 to honor Spencer and his English birthplace at Cople. The Spencer family were related to the Washington family in England, and later in Virginia. Col. Spencer patented the land grant at Mount Vernon with his cousin Lt. Col. John Washington in 1674, with Spencer acting as the go-between in the sale. The successful patent on the acreage was due largely to Spencer, who acted as agent for his cousin Thomas Colepeper, 2nd Baron Colepeper, who controlled the Northern Neck of Virginia, in which the tract lay.
Spencer's business interests and later life
When John Washington died in 1677, his son Lawrence, George Washington's grandfather, inherited his father's stake in the Mount Vernon property. (Following Col. Nicholas Spencer's death, the Washingtons and the Spencers divided the land grant, with the Spencer heirs taking the larger southern half of the Mount Vernon grant bordering Dogue Creek, and the Washingtons the portion along Little Hunting Creek. The Spencer heirs paid Lawrence Washington 2,500 pounds of tobacco as compensation for their choice.) Later the Washingtons bought out the Spencer interest at Mount Vernon.
Aside from acting as agent for the Colepeper interests, Spencer was frequently involved in Virginia Colony business, and he often corresponded with English administrators in London, as well as family members in Bedfordshire and elsewhere. When his cousin Thomas Colepeper departed Virginia in 1683, Spencer was named Acting Governor, in which capacity he served for nine months until the April 1684 arrival of Francis Howard, 5th Baron Howard of Effingham. Because of the early deaths of his brothers, Spencer was the only surviving son of his father Nicholas, and so inherited extensive family estates in Bedfordshire and Huntingdonshire.
Spencer also was left land by other early prominent settlers in Westmoreland County. In a deposition of 1674 by Lt. Col. John Washington, for instance, who was related to the Pope family of Popes Creek, Washington testified that in his will of 24 June 1674, Washington's kinsman Richard Cole had left all his Virginia lands to Nicholas Spencer. Washington "declareth that hee hath heard Mr. Richard Cole Deceased declare that hee had made a will, and given his whole estate to younge Mr. Nicholas Spencer and further saith not." The controversial Richard Cole had also specified that his body be buried on his plantation in a black walnut coffin with a gravestone of English black marble (to be imported for the purpose) and a tombstone whose epitaph read: "Heere lies Dick Cole a grievous Sinner, That died a Little before Dinner, Yet hopes in Heaven to find a place, To Satiate his Soul with Grace."
Nicholas Spencer died in Virginia in 1688. In his will in April 1688, Spencer styled himself "of Nominy in Westmoreland Co. in Virginia." Nicholas Spencer left five sons: William, Mottrom, Nicholas Jr., John, and Francis (to whom his father left Mount Vernon). Spencer probably had at least two daughters, Elizabeth Spencer and Lettice Barnard to whom Mottrom Spencer referred to in his will as "my sister Mrs. Lettice Barnard" In his will, filed with the English courts at Canterbury, Col. Spencer named his "singular good friends Coll. Isaac Allerton of Matchotick, Capt. George Brent of Stafford Co. (former Governor of Maryland), and Capt. Lawrence Washington" to serve as trustees of his estates. Capt. Washington, named by Spencer as a trustee, was the younger brother of Lt. Col. John Washington and was born in 1635. He and the other trustees named by Col. Spencer in his will received forty shillings for mourning rings.
Following Nicholas Spencer's death, the family's plantation at Nomini in Westmoreland was sold. In 1709 Robert Carter purchased the Spencer property from the heirs of Col. Spencer for £800 sterling, marking the end of the Spencer family's residence in Westmoreland, and delineating the future site of Nomini Hall, the Carter family seat in Westmoreland occupying the former Spencer estate.
The English branch of the family continued to live in Bedfordshire, where members of the family served in Parliament and were large landowners. The Spencer family continued to hold its land at Cople, Bedfordshire, until the nineteenth century. "The Spencers' Cople estates," according to the Bedfordshire County Council, "were bought by Francis Brace for the Dowager Duchess of Marlborough, and the manor still was known as Rowlands when part of the Duke of Bedford's estate at the start of the 19th century."
References
External links
Deed to Col. Nicholas Spencer and Lt. Col. John Washington, Mount Vernon, George Washington as an Inventor and Promoter of the Useful Arts, Joseph Meredith Toner, Washington Patent Centennial Celebration 1891, D. C., Gedney & Roberts Co., 1892
George Washington's Survey of Mount Vernon, 1–2 October 1759, George Washington's Mount Vernon Estate & Gardens
Sources
Albion's Seed: Four British Folkways in America (), David Hackett Fischer, Oxford University Press, 1989
Big Chief Elizabeth: The Adventures and Fate of the First English Colonists in America, Giles Milton, Macmillan, New York, 2001
American Slavery, American Freedom: The Ordeal of Colonial Virginia, Edmund S. Morgan, W. W. Norton & Co. (reissue), 2003
Cople, A History of the County of Bedford, Vol. 3, William Page (ed.), Victoria County History, British History Online, british-history.ac.uk
1633 births
1689 deaths
Colonial governors of Virginia
People from Cople
House of Burgesses members
People from Westmoreland County, Virginia
Virginia colonial people
English merchants
Kingdom of England emigrants to the Thirteen Colonies
American planters
Colonial American merchants
Purna Bikram Shah, professionally known as Paul Shah is a Nepalese film actor and model known for his work in the Nepali film industry. Starting off behind the scenes as an editor, Shah got his film breakthrough from Nai Nabhannu La 4. Since then, Shah has made an appearance in the romantic drama Ma Yesto Geet Gauchu, action film Johnny Gentleman and family drama Shatru Gate. He later worked in a social romantic drama Bir Birkam 2, part of the Bir Bikram series and Ma Yesto Geet Gauchhu 2.
Filmography
Controversy
Shah was arrested on 27 February 2022 pending a full investigation, after a 17-year old singer filed a police complaint accusing him of rape. The District Government Attorney's Office in the Nawalpur district of Gandaki on Thursday filed a case against actor Paul Shah at the district court, accusing him of raping a minor. The office has demanded the court hand him down a 14-year jail sentence. On 6 September 2022 , The Nawalpur district court clarified the rape and sentenced him to 2.5 years in prison for sexually abusing a minor.
Awards
References
Living people
Nepalese male actors
Nepalese male models
People from Dang District, Nepal
21st-century Nepalese dancers
1989 births
People convicted of sex crimes
Jarosław Jaros (born 2 January 1978 in Zgorzelec) - Polish cabaret actor.
He performed with Grzegorz Halama at Grzegorz Halama Oklasky.
Currently he performs a program: Żule i bandziory.
In 1998 he initiated Kabaret Słuchajcie – a cabaret.
Filmography
Movie director
2000 - Pizza country
2000 - ?
2000 - Paka jestem
2003 - Plica
2003 - Sklep
Scenario
2000 - Pizza country
2000 - Taka jestem
Photos
2000 - Pizza country
2000 - ?
2000 - Taka jestem
2003 - Kita
2003 - Szkoła
2003 - Małżonka
Movie editing
2000 - Pizza country
2000 - ?
2000 - Taka jestem
2003 - Małżonka
Actor
2000 - Taka jestem
2000 - Wizja - voice from heaven
2000 - Dwóch ludzi z szybą
2000 - Hormony
2000 - Oświadczyny
2001 - Senne marzenie
2003 - Baśń o ludziach stąd - as drunk man, driver
2003 - Ulica
2003 - Sklep
Dubbing
2007 - Było sobie porno - various voices
Postproduction
1999 - Dr Jekyll i Mr Hyde według Wytwórni A'YoY
External links
Official Jarosław Jaros' page
Jarosław Jaros at filmweb.pl
Jarosław Jaros' Wikiquotes (in Polish)
1978 births
Living people
Polish male actors
The St. Paul's Church is a religious building affiliated with the Catholic Church which is located in the area of Mussafah in Abu Dhabi, the United Arab Emirates. Its importance is that it is the second Catholic church to be built in the emirate since 1965 when the St. Joseph Cathedral was built.
Its history dates back to November 2011 when the municipality granted land in the industrial area of Mussafah, after a work of 18 months of consultation. That same year the first stone of the temple was laid.
It was inaugurated and blessed with the presence of local authorities as the Shaikh Nahyan bin Mubarak Al Nahyan and religious (Cardinal Pietro Parolin) on 12th June 2015.
See also
Roman Catholicism in the United Arab Emirates
St. Paul's Church
References
Roman Catholic churches in the United Arab Emirates
Buildings and structures in Abu Dhabi
Roman Catholic churches completed in 2015
2015 establishments in the United Arab Emirates
Video editing software, or a video editor is software used performing the post-production video editing of digital video sequences on a non-linear editing system (NLE). It has replaced traditional flatbed celluloid film editing tools and analog video tape-to-tape online editing machines.
Video editing software serves a lot of purposes, such as filmmaking, audio commentary, and general editing of video content.
In NLE software, the user manipulates sections of video, images, and audio on a sequence. These clips can be trimmed, cut, and manipulated in many different ways. When editing is finished, the user exports the sequence as a video file.
Components
Timeline
NLE software is typically based on a timeline interface where sections moving image video recordings, known as clips, are laid out in sequence and played back. The NLE offers a range of tools for trimming, splicing, cutting and arranging clips across the timeline.
Another kind of clip is a text clip, used to add text to a video, such as title screens or movie credits. Audio clips can additionally be mixed together, such as mixing a soundtrack with multiple sound effects.
Typically, the timeline is divided into multiple rows on the y-axis for different clips playing simultaneously, whereas the x-axis represents the run time of the video.
Effects such as transitions can be performed on each clip, such as a crossfade effect going from one scene to another.
Exporting
Since video editors represent a project with a file format specific to the program, one needs to export the video file in order to publish it.
Once a project is complete, the editor can then export to movies in a variety of formats in a context that may range from broadcast tape formats to compressed video files for web publishing (such as on a online video platform or personal website), optical media, or saved to mobile devices.
To facilitate editing, source video typically has a higher resolution than the desired output. Therefore, higher resolution video needs to be downscaled during exporting, or after exporting in a process known as transsizing.
Visual effects
As digital video editing advanced, visual effects became possible, and is part of the standard toolkit, usually found in prosumer and professional grade software.
A common ability is to do compositing techniques such as chroma keying or luma keying, among others, which allow different objects to look as if they are in the same scene.
A different kind of visual effects is motion capture. Software such as Blender can perform motion capture to make animated objects follow an actor's movements.
Additional features
Most professional video editors are able to do color grading, which is to manipulate visual attributes of a video such as contrast to enhance output, and improve emotional impact.
Some video editors such as iMovie include stock footage available for use.
Hardware requirements
As video editing puts great demands on storage and graphics performance, especially at high resolutions such as 4K, and for videos with many visual effects, powerful hardware is often required.
It is not uncommon for a computer built for video editing to have a lot of drive capacity, and a powerful Graphics processing unit, which optimally has hardware accelerated video encoding.
Having sufficient disk space is important since videos take up large amounts of storage, depending on resolution and compression format used. Each minute of a Full HD (1080p) video at 30 fps takes up 60MB of space.
When visual effects are used, a server farm can be employed to speed up the rendering process.
Examples
Video editing software can be divided into consumer grade, which focuses on ease-of-use, along with professional grade software, which focuses on feature availability, and advanced editing techniques. The typical use case for the former is to edit personal videos on the go, when more advanced editing is not required.
Consumer grade
Apple Photos
Prosumer grade
Proprietary software
iMovie
CyberLink PowerDirector
Professional grade
Proprietary software
Final Cut Pro
Adobe Premiere
DaVinci Resolve
Vegas Pro
Lightworks
Camtasia
Free and open source software
Blender
Kdenlive
While most video editing software has been separate from the operating systems, some operating systems have had a video editor installed by default, such as Windows Movie Maker in Windows XP, or as a component of the default photo viewer, such as the Photos app on iOS.
Some social media platforms, such as Instagram may include a rudimentary video editor to trim clips.
See also
Comparison of video editing software
Comparison of video converters
List of video editing software
Photo slideshow software
Video editing
References
External links
A guide to non-linear video editing, Adobe Software
Film and video technology
is a railway station in the city of Hirosaki, Aomori Prefecture, Japan, operated by the private railway operator, Kōnan Railway Company
Lines
Koguriyama Station is served by the Kōnan Railway Ōwani Line, and lies 9.3 kilometers from the southern terminus of the line at Ōwani Station.
Station layout
The station has one side platform serving a single bi-directional track. There is no station building, but only a weather shelter on the platform. The station is unattended.
Adjacent stations
History
Koguriyama Station was opened on January 26, 1952, with the opening of the Ōwani Line.
Surrounding area
Chitose Elementary School
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Kōnan Railway home page
Location map
Railway stations in Aomori Prefecture
Konan Railway
Hirosaki
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1952
Lifeless Planet is a 2014 puzzle adventure developed by independent American company Stage 2 Studios and published by Serenity Forge. The game was released on June 6, 2014 for Microsoft Windows and on June 23, 2014 for OS X, and has been ported to the Xbox One on May 13, 2015, Linux on March 25, 2016 and to the PlayStation 4 on July 19, 2016. Lifeless Planet was in development since 2011 and is primarily the product of the one developer, David Board.
Plot
The game follows an astronaut on a trip to another planet that is thought to be filled with lifeforms. The mission is a failure as the ship is lost in the crash, both of the other crew members are killed, and the planet turns out to be an enormous wasteland seemingly completely devoid of life; however, among the vast emptiness is a derelict Soviet Union science outpost constructed on the planet. The game follows the protagonist as he explores the planet, figures out how the Soviets managed to travel to the planet and why the outpost is now empty, and why the planet is devoid of life. As he explores through the planet, he occasionally receives hallucinations and flashbacks of his life on Earth. As the protagonist makes his way across the planet in search of answers, he finds out he is not alone and the only other survivor is a mysterious Russian woman named Aelita who guides him through the planet's eerie landscape.
Through audio recordings left behind by the Soviet colonists, the protagonist is able to piece together what occurred on the planet. In 1974, the Soviets discovered a portal in Siberia which led them to the planet. The planet was originally filled with bountiful lifeforms, among them a strange type of green moss that acted as the primary energy source for the planet's native lifeforms (which the Soviets adapted as their main source of electricity on the planet). Wanting to use the planet to establish a "new Motherland" for their people, the Soviets kept their discovery a secret as they began colonizing the planet. The entrance portal was eventually discovered to be only one way, constructed in this manner by the planet's previous inhabitants due to the times between the planet and Earth being out of sync (Earth is hundreds of years ahead of the planet). To compensate, the previous inhabitants had constructed a second "exit" portal that led back to Earth, which was discovered by the Soviet colonists and used with the entrance portal to receive resources and new colonists.
However, the Soviets' overuse of the portals and the planet's resources caused the green moss to gradually die out, which led to the portal mutating the remaining lifeforms on the planet to become hostile towards the colonists. The portals themselves also became extremely unstable, and their connection to Earth was eventually severed. While looking for a solution, the Soviet scientists discovered that Aelita, a colonist who had lost both of her children early on in the crisis, had been maintaining a secret garden containing the various plant forms of the planet, among them the now extinct green moss. After observing that Aelita could interact with the plant forms, the desperate scientists experimented on her, injecting her with DNA taken from the plant forms of the planet. As a result, Aelita transformed into a human-plant hybrid that was able to survive on the planet and influence the growth of its plant life-forms. Unfortunately, this was insufficient to prevent the colonists' demise and all of them were eventually wiped out, leaving Aelita the sole survivor.
After discovering this information, the protagonist is led by Aelita to the heart of the planet, where she sacrifices herself to restore the planet's original life forms. This also has the consequence of repairing the previously unstable portals, allowing the protagonist to leave the planet. As the protagonist makes his way to the exit portal, an interview flashback reveals that he had a wife on Earth. One day, she disappeared, later discovered to have fallen off of a cliff and rendered comatose, with a mysterious green moss growing around her toes by the time she was found by the protagonist. Afterward, she was placed under life support, which served as the reason for the protagonist volunteering to participate in the one-way expedition to the planet in the first place: despite knowing that it would take a long time (if at all) for his wife to recover, he was still unwilling to take her off of life support, as he wanted to give her "every chance to live again, even if [he] wasn't there". Reaching the portal, the protagonist returns to Earth, now hundreds of years into the future. Reflecting on his experiences, the protagonist arrives on a cliff (the same one of which his wife fell off) that overlooks a futuristic city.
Gameplay
The game contains platforming adventure and puzzles to solve. Levels in the game are linear, but their large size allow for limited exploration. The gameplay difficulty increases as the game progresses to match up with the player's skills learned from playing the game.
The game involves various mechanics. Namely, the two most important mechanics are the protagonist's oxygen and jetpack fuel levels. The protagonist must replenish his oxygen using various "Oxygen Supply Vehicles" and oxygen tanks scattered intermittently throughout the game, with each replenishing action granting an extra eight in-game hours of oxygen. The protagonist must also use his jetpack to cover short distances between platforms, with jetpack fuel allowing sustained boosts across larger gaps. Unlike oxygen replenishing sources, jetpack fuel tanks are usually strategically located beside difficult jumps that require more advanced platforming. An additional mechanic is a "mobile grabber arm" that is obtained fairly early on in the game, which allows the protagonist to grab objects and solve puzzles which would otherwise be out of reach.
Puzzles in the game are relatively simple, involving: finding and operating a switch to activate a power source; using dynamite to blow away obstacles; rolling and jumping on moveable rocks to access new areas; transporting green moss power sources to outlets; and pressing buttons in a specific order to open a giant gate (the latter two of which usually involve using the aforementioned mobile grabber arm). The first puzzle of the game involves exploring a small colonist town to find both halves of a passcode that is needed to gain entry into the main Soviet laboratory.
Lore in the game come mainly in the form of audio recordings left behind by the Soviet colonists, which act as the main source of exposition for the game. There are also a very small number of minerals that the protagonist can inspect. When the protagonist inspects a mineral or traverses an area of interest, he will make an entry into his log.
There are no hostile mobs that the protagonist must fight during his journey, but there are still several ways in which he may die. The most common method is falling to death, but the protagonist can also be killed by the planet's mutated plant life (provided he accidentally touches it) or by being incinerated in lava (which is only found in the game's "inferno" level). As such, the protagonist must generally follow the green footsteps whenever he encounters them, as they provide the safest path to take when navigating the planet.
Development and release
The game was originally planned to be an action platformer, but as development of the story expanded, developer David Board chose to refocus the game to center on the story. The game is inspired by classic adventure games including LucasArts's The Dig and the platform game Another World, as well as by Cold War sci-fi B movies. Board said that he aimed for the game to convey the "combined sense of optimism and dread of what science was capable of in the hands of humankind".
The game was part funded through crowdfunding, launching a Kickstarter campaign in September 2011. The campaign achieved its $8,500 target within 24 hours of going live, and eventually closed with over $17,000 raised. The exposure generated by the campaign helped to secure a publishing deal for the game. Though Board originally intended to release the game in July 2012, delays meant it took until March 2014 for just the Steam Early Access release.
The early access release included the first six chapters of the game, approximately one third of the game's content which corresponds to about two hours of gameplay. PC Gamer described that gameplay as "perfunctory", with some puzzle solutions being extremely obvious, a lot of time spent "just walking", and some gameplay elements feeling "contrived". The final version of the game has around 20 chapters and which was released June 6, 2014. It would also include features not present in early access such as support for OS X, subtitles, and the option for Russian or German language. This game is similar to the work of Aleksey Nikolayevich Tolstoy, Aelita.
Reception
Lifeless Planet received "mixed or average" reviews, according to review aggregator Metacritic.
Adventure Gamers praised the game's creative environmental puzzles, novel concept, great music, and strong atmosphere while criticizing the repetitive gameplay, visuals, flat voice acting, poor controls, and technical issues. Eurogamer disliked the title's clunky mechanics, weak puzzles, but thought that "the pure visual storytelling - the pure digital tourism, in fact - that sees this stoical game shine." Game Informer gave it a 7.25 out of 10, writing, "The aspects of Lifeless Planet that succeed elevate it past the technical shortcomings, but only so far. You will find a compelling world and a story worth experiencing, but you do so at the expense of well-polished animation and gameplay that hinders the overall experience." GamesRadar panned the game for its Xbox 360-era visuals, stiff controls, overly simplistic puzzle design, bad writing, and exploration, on which they wrote, "This initially open-looking world blocked us in with linear design and frequent dead ends, mocking our attempts at exploration. There's frequent unintentional back-tracking, because the planet looks so consistently bland..." Nintendo Life gave the game 5 stars out of 10 and concluded that despite its crude looks, disparate gameplay elements, unremarkable platforming and environmental puzzles, there was still an inherent enjoyable quality to the game. PC Gamer and Nintendo World Report liked the music and the narrative but similarly thought unfavorably of the simplistic puzzles, platforming, and static visuals.
References
External links
2014 video games
Adventure games set in space
Crowdfunded video games
Early access video games
Indie video games
Kickstarter-funded video games
Linux games
MacOS games
PlayStation 4 games
Puzzle-platform games
Science fiction video games
Single-player video games
Soviet Union in fiction
Video games developed in the United States
Video games set on fictional planets
Windows games
Xbox One games
Serenity Forge games
The Tuckerman Water Tower is a historic waterworks facility at the south end of Front Street in Tuckerman, Arkansas. It is a tall metal structure, with four latticed legs, braced with rods and sloping inward, to support a water tank that is bowl-shaped at the bottom and topped by a conical roof. A pipe traverses the center of the tower for the movement of water to and from the tank. Built in 1935 with funding support from the Depression-era Public Works Administration (PWA), it is the only remaining PWA tower of its type in the county.
The tower was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Jackson County, Arkansas
References
Buildings and structures in Jackson County, Arkansas
Infrastructure completed in 1935
Towers completed in 1935
Water towers on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
Public Works Administration in Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places in Jackson County, Arkansas
Ishwar Chand Nanda (30 September 1892 - 3 September 1965) was an Indian dramatist. He is known as the father of Punjabi drama.
Life
He did B.A. Honors from Dayal Singh College, Lahore, where he was a student of Norah Richards, and then M.A. English from Punjab University, Lahore. He later became a Professor at Dayal Singh College, where he worked till his retirement on August 15, 1947. After partition settled in New Delhi, where he lived for the rest of life.
Works
Plays
Suhag or Dulhan (1913) one-act play
Bebe Ram Bhajni (1914)
Subhaddra (1920)
Var Ghar or Lily Da Viah (1929)
Shamu Shah (1928)k
Social Circle (1949) three one-act plays
References
1892 births
1965 deaths
Indian male dramatists and playwrights
Punjabi-language writers
University of the Punjab alumni
20th-century Indian dramatists and playwrights
People from Lahore
20th-century Indian male writers
The White River Bridge was built in 1929 in Mount Rainier National Park as part of the Yakima Park Road project. The new road was planned to open up access to the northeastern portion of the park. The bridge, spanning the White River, was built by contractor John D. Tobin of Portland, Oregon, who had previously built the Narada Falls Bridge and the Christine Falls Bridges, both listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Plans for the bridge were drawn by the National Park Service Branch of Plans and Designs in the National Park Service Rustic style, with construction supervision by NPS landscape architect Ernest A. Davidson. The three-centered arch spans , with a stone-faced concrete structure.
The bridge was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 13, 1991. It is part of the Mount Rainier National Historic Landmark District, which encompasses the entire park and which recognizes the park's inventory of Park Service-designed rustic architecture.
References
External links
Bridges completed in 1929
Road bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Washington (state)
Bridges in Pierce County, Washington
Civilian Conservation Corps in Washington (state)
Buildings and structures in Mount Rainier National Park
National Park Service rustic in Washington (state)
Historic American Engineering Record in Washington (state)
National Register of Historic Places in Mount Rainier National Park
Arch bridges in the United States
Concrete bridges in the United States
1929 establishments in Washington (state)
"Going Out for a Walk", is an essay by Max Beerbohm, written in 1918 and was published in 1920 in the essay collection And Even Now. The essay fights the notion that taking a walk is a matter of the brain needing release and more so conflicted when there is a talkative companion.
Summary
The main plot of the essay is the challenge of the common notion that taking a walk is a productive activity useful for the brain, Beerbohm makes the case that taking a walk, on the contrary prevents the mind from intelligent thought. Beerbohm's reasoning is that while walking, you almost lose a part of your train of thought, as you are unconsciously thinking about walking. Beerbohm that in London the loud noises of the city save him from the need to make up excuses when someone asks him out for a walk, but the solace of the country can cause a “walk monger” to insist on talking a walk.
Not having an excuse to not take a walk cause Beerbohm to veer from the comfort of a reading chair, which is a disruption that he finds is not progressive. He claims even the most intelligent writers lose train of thought soon as they start walking and conversations eventually lead to dull topics and gossip. Beerbohm concludes the essay by claiming that he does not believe that physical exercise is bad for you "taken moderately, it is rather good for one, physically". but condemns taking a walk that lacks reason and would rather take another form of transportation.
References
Essays by Max Beerbohm
British essays
1918 essays
1920 essays
Essays in semiotics
Philosophy essays
Imma mackwoodi is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Frederic Moore in 1887. It is found in Sri Lanka.
The forewings are ochreous-yellow with an interrupted basal, and a very broad irregular shaped medial pale violet-brown band, beyond which is a contiguous incurved submarginal series of almost confluent longitudinal streaks followed by a marginal series. The medial band is wavy on its inner edge and broadly bilobed across the disc on its outer edge, its area being marked with a yellow streak at end of the cell and an outer series of spots curving from the costa. The hindwings are pale violet-brown.
References
Moths described in 1887
Immidae
Moths of Asia
Waraqu Urqu (Quechua waraqu cactus, urqu mountain, "cactus mountain", also spelled Waraju Orqo, Waraqo Orqo) is an archaeological site in the Ayacucho Region in Peru. The Chanka site lies in the La Mar Province, in the west of the Anco District, near Sacha Raqay (Sacharajay, Sacharaccay). It is situated at a height of about .
Southeast of Sacha Raqay there is a mountain named Wanaku Urqu (Quechua wanaku guanaco, "guanaco mountain", hispanicized Huanaco Orjo). It lies at .
References
Archaeological sites in Peru
Archaeological sites in Ayacucho Region
The Philippine National Book Awards, or simply the National Book Awards, is a Philippine literary award sponsored by the National Book Development Board (NBDB) and the Manila Critics' Circle (MCC). It is the national book award of the Philippines. From 1982 to 2008, the yearly awards were granted by the Manila Critics' Circle. In 2008, the administration of the award was transferred to the NBDB. The award is also distinguished as a major and secular Philippine literary award that is not a manuscript contest. The award categories include:
Literary Division
Best Novel in a Philippine Language (Juan C. Laya Award)
Best Novel in a Foreign Language (Juan C. Laya Award)
Best in Literary Criticism / Literary History
Best in Nonfiction Prose
Best in Graphic Literature
Best in Poetry
Non-Literary Division
Best in the Professions Category
Best in the Social Sciences Category
Best in the Art Category
Best in the Design Category
References
External links
Philippine National Book Awards official website
List of award winning books
Philippine literary awards
Fiction awards
Non-fiction literary awards
Poetry awards
Awards established in 1981
Azov-Black Sea Krai (, Azovo-Chernomorskiy kray) was an early krai of the Russian SFSR of the Soviet Union. Its capital was Rostov-on-Don.
It was formed on 10 January 1934 out of the North Caucasus Krai. According to the 1937 All-Union Census, it had population of 5,601,759.
On 13 September 1937 it was split into Krasnodar Krai and Rostov Oblast.
References
1934 establishments in Russia
1937 disestablishments in Russia
Former administrative units of Russia
History of Rostov Oblast
Viatcheslav Djavanian (born 5 April 1969 in Gyumri) is a former Russian cyclist. He won the Tour de Pologne 1996.
Major results
1990
2nd Trofeo Matteotti U23
1991
1st Duo Normand (with Andrey Teteryuk)
1st Mavic Trophy
4th Amateur World Road Championship
1992
2nd Settimana Ciclistica Lombarda
1994
1st Vuelta Ciclista del Uruguay
1st stages 2, 4, 6 and 10
1st stage 4 GP Lacticoop
1995
1st Four days of Aisne
1st stage 4
1st stage 4 Tour of Bavaria
1st stage 3 GP do Minho
2nd Russian National Road Race Championships
1996
1st Tour de Pologne
1st stages 3 and 4
1997
1st Regio-Tour
1st stages 1 and 2
3rd Grand Prix de la ville de Camaiore
1998
2nd Grand Prix de Villers-Cotterêts
3rd Grand Prix d'Ouverture La Marseillaise
References
1969 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Gyumri
Argumental (working title Whose Side Are You On?) is a British improvised comedy panel game hosted originally by John Sergeant and later Sean Lock, alongside two teams captained by Marcus Brigstocke and Rufus Hound, followed by Robert Webb and Seann Walsh, debating and arguing on various topics with help from various guests. It is made by independent production company Tiger Aspect Productions for Dave and made its debut on 27 October 2008. Series three was commissioned for Dave and four episodes from the second series aired on BBC Two, making it UKTV's most successful commission in terms of reach of audience.
Participants
The programme was originally chaired by journalist John Sergeant whose post-journalistic career at the time the series began was on the rise due in part to his appearance on the BBC's Strictly Come Dancing. He was joined by team captains Marcus Brigstocke, the host of The Late Edition, and comedian Rufus Hound. Each team captain was accompanied by a guest panellist who have included Jimmy Carr, Sue Perkins, Reginald D. Hunter, Phill Jupitus, Charlie Higson, Johnny Vegas, Lucy Porter, Dara Ó Briain, Sean Lock and Frankie Boyle. From the 2011 series, Sean Lock replaced John Sergeant as presenter, while Seann Walsh and Robert Webb took over as team captains. This coincided with a revamp of the show's set and graphics.
Format
Each episode comprises a series of rounds in which each team takes its turn debating a variety of topics, whilst also trying to be amusing. Topics have included: 'recycling is a waste of time' and 'the Royal Family serve no purpose'. After each round the team members often make humorous observations about what has just been said, before the studio audience votes for who they thought put forward the best case. Voting is done by holding up a red or blue paddle to vote for the red or blue team respectively. The votes are tallied before the winner of the round is decided. The team that wins the most rounds wins the show.
Rounds
Each episode normally contains 5 rounds. Sometimes however some episodes contain 4 rounds with 1 round dropped altogether.
Classic debate
A representative from each team takes their turn to argue for or against a given motion, respectively. After the main arguments have been put forward the teams are invited to discuss the subject further to reinforce their team's argument or attack their opponent's.
Visual aids
Team members try to argue over a topic while incorporating pictures from a slideshow that they have never seen before into their case.
Flip-flop
Each team is given a different topic to argue about in this round. The team representative must argue for the motion until a buzzer sounds at which point they must argue against the motion. The contestant continues to alternate between for and against until the end of round buzzer is sounded. This round does not appear in every episode.
That's a Brilliant Idea
Introduced in series 3, representatives from each team take turns being given a typically nonsensical, illogical or outrageous statement, and have to argue a convincing case for that statement being a good thing, starting each argument with the words "That's a brilliant idea.".
Popular culture round
In series 1, this round was similar to the 'classic debate' round except the topic involves a famous person or celebrity. The person being debated was represented by a life sized cut-out placed in the centre of the performance stage. Past celebrities have included Piers Morgan, Victoria Beckham, Amy Winehouse, Wayne and Coleen Rooney, Simon Cowell and Jeremy Kyle.
Since series 2, this round has not always featured cardboard cut-outs; in some episodes, real-life people (e.g. a body builder) come on stage instead.
Final picture round
This round doesn't involve any arguing per person, alternatively contestants are shown pictures for which they must invent a motion to suit. Unlike the other rounds, both teams remain seated throughout. Like the flip-flop round, this round has not always been included. The audience still votes red or blue.
Guest appearances
The following appeared on the show as a guest.
6 appearances
Jimmy Carr
Sean Lock
Mark Watson
4 appearances
Frankie Boyle
Phill Jupitus
3 appearances
Chris Addison
Stephen K. Amos
Katy Brand
Richard Herring
Andrew Maxwell
Dara Ó Briain
Lucy Porter
Jack Whitehall
2 appearances
Hugh Dennis
Charlie Higson
Sean Hughes
Stephen Mangan
Sarah Millican
Ardal O'Hanlon
Sue Perkins
Will Smith
Johnny Vegas
1 appearance
Jo Brand
Ed Byrne
Jason Byrne
Jo Caulfield
Jarred Christmas
Simon Day
Micky Flanagan
Reginald D. Hunter
Robin Ince
Dom Joly
Miles Jupp
Russell Kane
Patrick Kielty
Jason Manford
Rory McGrath
Ben Miller
Andy Parsons
Chris Ramsey
Daniel Sloss
Tim Vine
a. Appearances made before becoming the host.
Transmissions
Original series
Specials
References
External links
Argumental at Dave
2008 British television series debuts
2012 British television series endings
Dave (TV channel) original programming
English-language television shows
British panel games
2000s British game shows
2010s British game shows
2000s British satirical television series
2010s British satirical television series
Television series by Tiger Aspect Productions
Television series by Endemol
Sarah White is a singer-songwriter based in Richmond, Virginia, whose music can be roughly characterized as folk or alt-country.
Biography
Sarah White was born in Warrenton, Virginia, and relocated as a child to Monroe County, West Virginia. When she returned to Virginia she became involved with the growing music community in Charlottesville — a town where she "grew up" and lived in "off and on for years." There she played in several bands towards the end of the 90's (White Trash Cookin', Pat Nixon, Miracle Penny).
Record label Jagjaguwar, originally based out of Charlottesville before moving to Indiana to merge with Secretly Canadian, released her first solo album in 1997 – a collection of lo-fi four-track recordings made over a 3-year period – dubbed All My Skies Are Blue.
In 2000, she released her second album, entitled Bluebird, also on Jagjaguwar. The record garnered her a wide range of positive reviews and comparisons to artists like Cat Power and Edith Frost. Later that year she recorded and self-released Pickin' Strummin' And Singin' ... The Versatile Sarah White which was a collection of early country standards and traditional songs.
After remaining fairly quiet for the next several years, White returned with a new band, Sarah White & the Pearls, in 2004 with the self-released You're It EP which focused even further on melodic writing and incorporated the more traditional folk and country song structures. In 2006 she completed her next full-length album with The Pearls, White Light, which was released by Antenna Farm Records. The Richmond Times-Dispatch called her third full-length album "an unassailable collection of absolutely unforgettable songs, the product of White's talent and tenacity."
Of the title track, White says:
White will release her first full-length album in over 10 years on August 3, 2018. High Flyer Recorded at Montrose Studio in Richmond, Virginia, features a dozen of White's "best songs" backed by Daniel Clarke (K.d. lang, Ryan Adams) on piano and keyboard, and Charles Arthur (Slaid Cleaves) on guitars – with vocals by Carl Anderson and Michael York of Sleepwalkers. Dave Matthews sings with White on "Sweetheart". Stewart Myers, who produced the album, also provided bass.
White also performs with Sían Richards in the Acorn Sisters.
Awards and distinctions
Sarah White's song Sweetheart won the best song in Mountain Stage's annual Newsong Festival in 2007.
Discography
All My Skies Are Blue (Jagjaguwar, 1997)
Bluebird (Jagjaguwar, 2000)
You're It (2004)
White Light (2006)
High Flyer (2018)
Compilations
Folk Music for the End of the World (2006)
Even Cowgirls Get the Blues (2007)
References
External links
Unforgettable sound of Sarah White, Richmond Times-Dispatch, November 15, 2007. Retrieved December 10, 2007.
American alternative country singers
American women country singers
American country singer-songwriters
Musicians from Charlottesville, Virginia
People from Warrenton, Virginia
Living people
Singer-songwriters from Virginia
Year of birth missing (living people)
Jagjaguwar artists
21st-century American women
Katie Pasfield (born 25 August 1998) is an Australian figure skater. She is the 2018 Reykjavik International silver medalist, and a two-time Australian national bronze medalist (2017, 2018).
On the junior level, she is the 2016 FBMA Trophy silver medalist, the 2014 Skate Down Under silver medalist and a two-time Australian junior national bronze medalist (2012, 2015).
Personal life
Pasfield is the daughter of Michael Pasfield, a former competitive figure skater, and sister of Zara Pasfield, who is the 2012 Australian ladies' champion.
Pasfield graduated from Pymble Ladies' College in 2016 and is a student studying a Bachelor of Veterinary Biology/ Doctor of Veterinary Medicine at Sydney University.
Competitive highlights
References
1998 births
Living people
Australian female single skaters
People educated at Pymble Ladies' College
Yannick Rymenants (born 23 January 1989) is a Belgian footballer who plays as a defender.
References
KSK Heist (dutch)
1989 births
Living people
Belgian footballers
Lierse S.K. players
K.V.C. Westerlo players
PSV Eindhoven players
Sint-Truidense V.V. players
K.S.K. Heist players
Association football goalkeepers
Belgian First Division A players
People from Lier, Belgium
Footballers from Antwerp Province
In written Latin, the apex (plural "apices") is a mark with roughly the shape of an acute accent which was sometimes placed over vowels to indicate that they are long.
The shape and length of the apex can vary, sometimes within a single inscription. While virtually all apices consist of a line sloping up to the right, the line can be more or less curved, and varies in length from less than half the height of a letter to more than the height of a letter. Sometimes, it is adorned at the top with a distinct hook, protruding to the left. Rather than being centered over the vowel it modifies, the apex is often considerably displaced to the right.
Essentially the same diacritic, conventionally called in English the acute accent, is used today for the same purpose of denoting long vowels in a number of languages with Latin orthography, such as Irish (called in it the or simply "long"), Hungarian ( , from the words for "long" and "wedge"), Czech (called in it , "small line") and Slovak ( , from the word for "long"), as well as for the historically long vowels of Icelandic. In the 17th century, with a specialized shape distinct from that of the acute accent, a curved diacritic by the name of "apex" was adopted to mark final nasalization in the early Vietnamese alphabet, which already had an acute accent diacritic that was used to mark one of the tones.
Details
Although hardly known by most modern Latinists, the use of the sign was actually quite widespread during classical and postclassical times. The reason why it so often passes unnoticed lies probably in its smallish size and usually thinner nature in comparison with the lines that compose the letter on which it stands. Yet the more careful observer will soon start to notice apices in the exhibits of any museum, not only in many of the more formal epigraphic inscriptions, but also in handwritten palaeographic documents. However, otherwise punctilious transcriptions of the material customarily overlook this diacritic.
An apex is not used with the letter ; rather, the letter is written taller, as in (lūciī a fīliī) at left.
Other expedients, like a reduplication of the vowels, are attested in archaic epigraphy; but the apex is the standard vowel-length indication that was used in classical times and throughout the most flourishing period of the Roman education system. Its use is recommended by the best grammarians, like Quintilian, who says that writing the apex is necessary when a difference of quantity in a vowel can produce a different meaning in a word, as in malus and ma᷄lus or liber and líber or rosa and rosa᷄.
In modern Latin orthography, long vowels are sometimes marked by a macron, a sign that had always been used, and still is, to mark metrically long syllables (more recently called heavy syllables). To confuse matters further, the acute accent is sometimes used in Latin to mark stressed syllables, as in Spanish, when the macron is not used.
Identification with the sicilicus
The apex is often contrasted with another ancient Latin diacritic, the sicilicus, which is said to have been used above consonants to denote that they should be pronounced double. However, in his article Apex and Sicilicus, Revilo P. Oliver argues that they are one and the same sign, a geminationis nota, which was used over any letter to indicate that the letter should be read twice. The distinction between a sicilicus that was used above consonants and an apex that was applied to vowels is then completely artificial: "There is no example of this mark [the sicilicus] that can be distinguished from an apex by any criterion other than its presence above a letter that is not a long vowel." "No ancient source says explicitly that there were two different signs; ...". The presence of this sign, whatever its name, over a consonant is very scarcely attested.
If Revilo P. Oliver is right, the apex as a sign denoting vowel length would have its origin in the time when long vowels were written double. Then, when long vowels ceased to be regularly written twice, the usage of the sicilicus above vowels evidently remained, even after it fell out of use above consonants, and the apex, as it was now called, was redefined as a sign denoting the phonematic feature of vowel length, rather than as a purely orthographic shorthand.
However, Oliver's view that the two marks were identical has recently been challenged; see sicilicus.
Usage in Middle Vietnamese
In the 17th and 18th centuries, the Vietnamese alphabet incorporated both acute and apex marks. The acute indicates rising tone, while the apex marked final nasalization. In his 1651 , Alexandre de Rhodes makes it clear that the apex is a distinct diacritic:
The apex appears atop , , and less commonly . As with other accent marks, a tone mark can appear atop the apex.
According to canon law historian Roland Jacques, the apex indicated a final labial-velar nasal , an allophone of that is peculiar to the Hanoi dialect to the present day. The apex apparently fell out of use during the mid-18th century, being unified with (representing ), in a major simplification of the orthography, though the Vietnamese Jesuit () continued to use the old orthography into the early 19th century. In Pierre Pigneau de Behaine and Jean-Louis Taberd's 1838 , the words and became and , respectively.
The Middle Vietnamese apex is known as or in modern Vietnamese. Though it has no official Unicode representation, one possible approximation is . The apex is often mistaken for a tilde in modern reproductions of early Vietnamese writing, such as in Phạm Thế Ngũ's .
Vietnamese examples
Obtained from Dictionarium Annamiticum Lusitanum et Latinum, a trilingual Vietnamese, Portuguese and Latin dictionary by Jesuit Alexandre de Rhodes.
See also
Acute accent
Latin spelling
References
Latin-script diacritics
Inscriptions
Palaeography
Palaeographic letters
Vietnamese language
The 1953–54 Norwegian 1. Divisjon season was the 15th season of ice hockey in Norway. Eight teams participated in the league, and Furuset IF won the championship.
Regular season
Final tiebreaker
Furuset IF - Gamlebyen 4:3
External links
Norwegian Ice Hockey Federation
Nor
GET-ligaen seasons
1953 in Norwegian sport
1954 in Norwegian sport
Ormonde Butler "Ormie" Haycock (September 11, 1880 – August 12, 1938) was a Canadian figure skater and rower from Ottawa, Ontario, and he competed in both single skating and pair skating.
Biography
Haycock's pairs partners in figure skating were his younger sisters Katherine and Aimee Haycock, as well as Lady Evelyn Grey. As a single skater, he is the 1905, 1906, 1908 and 1911 Canadian champion. He won the pairs skating Canadian championships in 1905 and 1906 with Katherine Haycock, in 1908 with Aimee Haycock, and in 1910 and 1911 with Lady Evelyn Grey.
Haycock was also a prominent rower with the Ottawa Rowing Club and in 1906 he won the American four-oared championship along with Harvey Pulford, Eddie Phillips and Wilf Poapst.
Haycock died at his summer home in Canandaigua, New York in 1938, at an age of 57.
Figure skating results
men's singles
pairs
References
Notes
1880 births
1938 deaths
Canadian male pair skaters
Canadian male single skaters
Canadian male rowers
Rowers from Ottawa
19th-century Canadian people
20th-century Canadian people
Statistics of Bahraini Premier League in the 1970–71 season.
Overview
Muharraq Club won the championship.
References
RSSSF
Bahraini Premier League seasons
Bah
1970–71 in Bahraini football
The greenish yellow finch (Sicalis olivascens) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.
It is found in the central Andes of Argentina, Bolivia, Chile and Peru.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland and heavily degraded former forest.
References
greenish yellow finch
Birds of the Puna grassland
greenish yellow finch
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Tzukim (, lit. Cliffs), also Zukim, is a community settlement in southern Israel. Located in the Arava, 8 km south of Tzofar, it falls under jurisdiction of the Central Arava Regional Council. In it had a population of .
History
Tzukim was founded in 2001 on land vacated by the Bildad army camp, which was founded in 1983 and named after Bildad, one of the "friends" of Biblical Job. In the Negev there are also kibbutzim with the names of the two other "friends": nearby Tzofar and Elifaz in the southern Arava.
Bildad also served as a transit point for new settlement in the Arabah valley.
The first settlement phase of Tzukim was supposed to begin in 2003, with fifty families. The first settlers were people in their 40s from central Israel. Tzukim's economy is mainly based on tourism, education and art. 200 guest houses are planned here as well as restaurants and spas. By 2008, twelve rooms had been built and with 70 under construction.
Today there 3 active kindergartens and also a youth movement in the settlement.
References
Central Arava Regional Council
Populated places in Southern District (Israel)
Populated places established in 2001
2001 establishments in Israel
The Guangdong model refers to a series of social, political, and economic policies adopted in the southern Chinese province of Guangdong. It is generally associated with Guangdong's Communist Party secretary and politburo member Wang Yang. The Guangdong model is characterized as being comparatively liberal in its economic and social policies, and is frequently contrasted with the Chongqing model, which emphasizes the role of the state.
Description
Among the central features of the Guangdong model is the greater role it allows for civil society, including NGOs and trade unions. Trade unions are generally regarded with ire by Chinese authorities, and are run by Communist Party cadres. During his tenure, however, Wang Yang prodded unions to more actively advocate for worker's rights and engage in collective bargaining. This approach was displayed during a series of strikes in the Pearl River Delta in 2010. Chinese authorities frequently view protests and strikes as a threat to political stability to be suppressed. By contrast, Wang expressed sympathy with the protesters, and the strikes were settled with substantial pay increases for the workers. Under the Guangdong model, non-government organizations face less stringent restrictions than elsewhere in the country, with several categories of NGOs being allowed to register without sponsorship from a government agency. Wang has also pressed for more transparency in government spending, and greater rule of law.
Whereas the Chongqing model pioneered by Wang's political rival Bo Xilai emphasized the equitable distribution of wealth, Wang Yang stressed overall economic growth. Wang sought to achieve this by encouraging private enterprise and small-and medium businesses, as well as by implemented economic reforms that moved the province up the "technology value chain."
Reception
Although the Guangdong model is heavily touted by proponents, Wang Yang himself is reluctant to use the term. Moreover, many of the policies and approaches that comprise the model are not unique to Wang's tenure; Guangdong province is, historically, among the more economically open provinces in China and was the location for some of the first special economic zones of China. As noted by Xiao Bin, a professor of public affairs at Sun Yat-sen University, the Guangdong model has been evolving since the start of China's economic reforms in the late 1970s and 1980s.
See also
Cake theory
2012 Wukan municipal election
Chongqing model
References
Guangdong
Politics of China
Political-economic models
Ideology of the Chinese Communist Party
Zimmer's tapaculo (Scytalopus zimmeri) is a species of passerine bird in the family Rhinocryptidae. It is found in Bolivia and Argentina.
Taxonomy and systematics
Zimmer's tapaculo has at times been considered a subspecies of Magellanic tapaculo (Scytalopus magellanicus). It and white-browed tapaculo (S. superciliaris) form a superspecies. Its name commemorates American ornithologist John Todd Zimmer.
Description
Zimmer's tapaculo is long. Males weigh and one female weighed . The adult's most striking feature is its white supercilium, throat, and upper breast. The rest of the head, the back, and the wings are gray with a brown wash on the back. The lower breast and belly are also gray. Its flanks and vent are olive-brown and have dusky bars. The juvenile's supercilium is faint buff, its upper parts olive-brown with dusky bars, its breast and upper belly gray, and the flanks and lower belly are buff with dusky bars.
Distribution and habitat
Zimmer's tapaculo is found in southern Bolivia's Chuquisaca and Tarija Departments and Argentina's Jujuy and Salta Provinces. It ranges the Andean slopes from elevation. It inhabits several vegetative communities including seasonally humid Alnus, Podocarpus, and Polylepis woodlands where it frequents ravines and other shady areas, and also open wet rocky slopes with bunch grass and shrubs.
Behavior
Feeding
Zimmer's tapaculo forages on and near the ground, often staying hidden among roots, rocks, and ferns. Its diet is not well known but it appears to favor seeds.
Breeding
Both members of a Zimmer's tapaculo pair were observed tending nestlings in October. The nest was found in a crevice of an earth and stone bank.
Vocalization
The song of Zimmer's tapaculo is a series three to five burry notes repeated at intervals, often for many minutes . Its call is described as one or two "quick" notes repeated at intervals .
Status
The IUCN has assessed Zimmer's tapaculo as being of The Least Concern. Though its range is small and its population number is not known, "Owing to steepness of the terrain and the species' tolerance of habitat disturbance, however, it is probably not at any real risk."
References
Zimmer's tapaculo
Birds of the Southern Andean Yungas
Zimmer's tapaculo
Zimmer's tapaculo
Zimmer's tapaculo
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Psychiatric Genomics Consortium (PGC) is an international consortium of scientists dedicated to conducting meta- and mega-analyses of genomic-wide genetic data, with a focus on psychiatric disorders. It is the largest psychiatric consortium ever created, including over 800 researchers from 38 countries as of 2019. Its goal is to generate information about the genetics of psychiatric conditions that will be "actionable", that is, "genetic findings whose biological implications can be used to improve diagnosis, develop rational therapeutics, and craft mechanistic approaches to primary prevention". The consortium makes the main findings from its research freely available for use by other researchers.
History
The PGC was founded in early 2007, originally as the Psychiatric Genome Wide Association Consortium. One of its founders was Patrick F. Sullivan (UNC School of Medicine), who now serves as its lead principal investigator. It was initially a branch of the Genetic Association Information Network, a public-private partnership aimed at researching the genetics of human disorders in general.
For its first four years of existence, the PGC focused on autism spectrum disorder, attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, bipolar disorder, major depressive disorder, and schizophrenia. It also initially focused only on finding common single nucleotide polymorphisms that were associated with psychiatric disorders. Since then, it has expanded its scope to include other disorders, as well as less common forms of genetic variation such as copy number variation.
Findings
Research from the PGC has shed light on the genetic architecture of psychiatric disorders generally, as well as demonstrating the viability of the genome-wide association approach for specific disorders such as schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. The consortium has also identified 108 genetic loci that are consistently associated with schizophrenia. In addition, its findings have pointed to significant pleiotropy across psychiatric disorders, with many common alleles influencing the risk of multiple such disorders.
References
External links
Genomics
International organizations based in the United States
Organizations established in 2007
Population genetics organizations
Psychiatry organizations
Technology consortia
Hospital Point () is a point formed by an ice cliff with a small amount of rock exposed at its base, lying at the north side of Yankee Harbour immediately east of Glacier Bluff, Greenwich Island, in the South Shetland Islands. It was charted and named "Rocky Point" by Discovery Investigations personnel on the Discovery II in 1935. In order to avoid duplication the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee rejected this name in 1961 and substituted a new one. Hospital Point derives from "Hospital Cove", a name for Yankee Harbour in common use among British sealers in the 1820s and British whalers in the 1920s.
References
Headlands of Antarctica
WYBC (1340 AM) is a radio station operating on the campus of Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut. The station is owned by Yale Broadcasting Company, Inc.; however, it is programmed by Sacred Heart University under a time brokerage agreement. WYBC is a public radio station, airing a news/talk format.
History
The 1340 AM frequency first signed-on in December 1944 as WNHC, under the ownership of the Elm City Broadcasting Corporation. Elm City was principally controlled by Patrick J. Goode, U.S. postmaster for New Haven and former co-owner of WELI radio; and Aldo DeDominicis, a former WELI sales person. Triangle Publications acquired the station, along with WNHC-FM (99.1, now WPLR) and WNHC-TV (channel 8, now WTNH), from Elm City in 1956.
Triangle had sold its stations, including WNHC-AM-FM-TV, to Capital Cities Communications in 1971. However, the new owners were forced by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to spin off the radio stations to comply with then-current ownership limits; WNHC was sold to Westerly Broadcasting Company. By this time, the station had a contemporary format; this gave way in 1976 to a middle-of-the-road/talk format.
WNHC again attempted a top 40 formats starting in June 1979 in an attempt to compete against WAVZ; however, just weeks later, WAVZ swapped formats with its sister station, WKCI. With minimal promotion, WNHC struggled to compete with WKCI's stronger FM signal, and in March 1980 it flipped to an urban format. However, the station ran into financial problems during the 1990s, forcing owner Willis Communications to file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in December 1997. The bankruptcy resulted in a battle between Yale Broadcasting Company, which wanted to eliminate a competitor to WYBC-FM, and Buckley Broadcasting over the sale of WNHC, as well as protests against Yale Broadcasting in New Haven's African American community. The dispute ended on June 3, 1998, when Yale Broadcasting purchased the station in bankruptcy court; the next morning, WNHC was shut down at the order of a United States bankruptcy judge for the District of Connecticut. It returned to the air under Yale Broadcasting's control on September 15; on October 5, the callsign was changed to WYBC. Starting in 1941, Yale students had operated an unofficial AM radio station using weak-signal carrier current technology tolerated by the FCC and common among student-run stations at the time, renamed WYBC and changed to 640 AM in 1945, but that station ceased operations by the early 1980s.
In the station's first decade as WYBC, unlike many college campus radio stations, it featured both student and non-student programming, some professional. However, interest in the station eventually dwindled (in sharp contrast, sister station WYBC-FM, largely programmed by Cox Radio, is one of the highest-rated urban adult contemporary stations in the country), and its college radio programming was transitioned to an Internet radio station, WYBCX, by 2010. WYBC then adopted its current public radio programming, provided by Sacred Heart University, on April 4, 2011 (WYBC-FM continues to operate as a commercial station). The time brokerage agreement with Sacred Heart University provides funding for WYBCX's operations. The AM station uses a small ValCom fiberglass antenna in place of the original metal tower which stood on the site.
See also
WSHU (AM) — 1260 AM, licensed to Westport, Connecticut
WSHU-FM — 91.1 FM, licensed to Fairfield, Connecticut
References
External links
— includes WYBC schedule
WYBCX
FCC History Cards for WYBC
YBC
News and talk radio stations in the United States
Yale University
Sacred Heart University
Radio stations established in 1944
Companies that filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 1997
YBC
1944 establishments in Connecticut
Imma halonitis is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1920. It is found in Chennai, India.
The wingspan is about 19 mm. The forewings are dark violet grey with a short fine yellow-ochreous dash beneath the costa near the base, with scattered scales indicating a posterior prolongation. A small cloudy whitish-ochreous spot is found on the costa beyond the middle and cloudy whitish-ochreous dots represent the discal stigmata, lying on the margin of a large roundish patch of whitish-ochreous suffusion extending on the dorsum from one-fourth to two-thirds and reaching three-fourths of the way across the wing, posteriorly extended by vague streaks on the veins to the termen. There is a pale ochreous streak around the apical margin, thickest in the middle and attenuated to the extremities, leaving the extreme edge dark grey, and emitting a faint almost marginal line along the termen, the terminal edge obscurely blackish dotted. The hindwings are dark fuscous.
References
Moths described in 1920
Immidae
Moths of Asia
Leonard Esau Baum (August 23, 1931 – August 14, 2017) was an American mathematician, known for the Baum–Welch algorithm and Baum–Sweet sequence. He graduated Phi Beta Kappa from Harvard University in 1953, and earned a Ph.D. in mathematics from Harvard in 1958, with a dissertation entitled Derivations in Commutative Semi-Simple Banach Algebras.
He developed the Baum–Welch Algorithm with Lloyd Welch while working for the Communications Research Division of IDA. It enabled the development of speech recognition and had applications in cryptanalysis and genetics. He coined the motto of the Communications Research Division: "Bad ideas is good, good ideas is terrific, no ideas is terrible."
Later, in the late 1970s and early 1980s, Baum used mathematical models for currency trading, working with Monemetrics, a predecessor of hedge fund management company Renaissance Technologies. He left the firm in 1984 amid steep losses. In his later years, he would participate in Go tournaments and work on mathematical problems relating to prime numbers and the Riemann hypothesis. He died at his home in Princeton, New Jersey, on August 14, 2017, at the age of 86.
References
20th-century American mathematicians
21st-century American mathematicians
Harvard Graduate School of Arts and Sciences alumni
1931 births
2017 deaths
Prashna's Secret () is a 1922 German silent adventure film directed by Ludwig Baetz and starring Hermann Leffler, Fern Andra, and Leopold von Ledebur.
The film's sets were designed by the art director Jacek Rotmil.
Cast
References
Bibliography
External links
1922 films
Films of the Weimar Republic
German silent feature films
German black-and-white films
1922 adventure films
German adventure films
Silent adventure films
WJDX (620 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve Jackson, Mississippi. The station is owned by iHeartMedia, Inc. (formerly Clear Channel Communications until September 2014) and licensed to iHM Licenses, LLC. It airs a news/talk/sports format.
Mississippi Sports This Morning, which is now airing on WJQS is the station's flagship local program. It aired during WJDX's morning drive slot without interruption from 1998 to 2020. It is currently hosted by Doug Colson and Jay White. It is the longest running daily sports talk program in Mississippi radio history.
WJDX also serves as the Jackson home for the New Orleans Saints and NASCAR.
The station was assigned the current WJDX call letters by the Federal Communications Commission on October 9, 1998. According to the FCC, the call letters were WJDS from July 6, 1990 to October 8, 1998. Prior to July 6, 1990 the call letters were WJDX for several years.
On October 3, 2011 WJDX changed their format to news/talk.
In the 1970s and early 1980s, WJDX was a successful Top 40 music station. Prior to that the station had been a conservative MOR music outlet.
Previous logo
References
Skeeter (Eugenia Phelan) describes listening to Patsy Cline's « Walking After Midnight » followed by « Three Cigarettes in an Ashtray » on WJDX radio in the Cadillac after her first interview with Aibileen in Kathryn Stockett's novel ‘The Help'.
External links
WJDX official website
News and talk radio stations in the United States
IHeartMedia radio stations
JDX (AM)
A Killian–Jamieson diverticulum is an outpouching of the esophagus just below the upper esophageal sphincter.
The physicians that first discovered the diverticulum were Gustav Killian and James Jamieson. Diverticula are seldom larger than 1.5 cm, and are less frequent than the similar Zenker's diverticula. As opposed to a Zenker's, which is typically a posterior and inferior outpouching from the esophagus, a Killian–Jamieson diverticulum is typically an anterolateral outpouching at the level of the C5-C6 vertebral bodies, due to a congenital weakness in the cervical esophagus just below the cricopharyngeal muscle. It is usually smaller in size than a Zenker's diverticulum, and typically asymptomatic. Although congenital, it is more commonly seen in elderly patients.
References
External links
Esophagus disorders
Wu Kung-i or Wu Gongyi (1898–1970) was a well-known teacher of the soft style martial art t'ai chi ch'uan (taijiquan) in China, and, after 1949, in the British colony of Hong Kong. He was also the "gate-keeper" of the Wu family from 1942 until his death in 1970.
Biography
Wu Kung-i was the grandson of the founder of Wu-style t'ai chi ch'uan, Wu Ch'uan-yu. Wu Ch'uan-yu's son, Wu Chien-ch'uan, became the best known teacher in his family, and is therefore also considered the co-founder of the Wu-style. Wu Kung-i was his eldest son. Wu Kung-i's younger brother and sister, Wu Kung-tsao and Wu Ying-hua, were also well-known teachers. The Wu family were originally of Manchu ancestry.
There was a tradition in the Chinese martial arts that youngsters be taught by teachers of a generation older than their parents'. Since Wu Ch'uan-yu had died while Wu Kung-i was an infant, he and his brother were taught as young men by Yang Shao-hou, who was technically a generation senior to their father. Both Yang Shao-hou and Wu Chien-ch'uan were famous for their "small circle" martial expertise. The motions of t'ai chi ch'uan forms and pushing hands are all based on different sized circles, small circle movements in the forms and applications follow a more compact pathway for different leverage applications than larger circles.
After the fall of the Ch'ing dynasty in 1912, a new teaching environment was created. More people became aware of t'ai chi ch'uan, and the former dynamic of small classes and intensive military instruction of relatively young students became less practical. Wu Kung-i responded to the new demands of larger class sizes and older beginning level students by changing some aspects of the beginning level hand forms he taught. His modifications of the "square" forms he had learned from his father and the slightly different form he learned from Yang Shao-hou, distinguished by clear sectional instructions for each move in the form sequence, more compact "small circle" movements in the body and somewhat higher stances with the feet relatively closer together than in other styles of t'ai chi ch'uan. Wu Kung-i also formulated new styles of pushing hands based on smaller circles, most notably the "four corners" method of basic pushing hands.
Wu Kung-i's children were also full-time t'ai chi ch'uan teachers; his oldest son Wu Ta-k'uei, his second son, Wu Ta-ch'i and his daughter, Wu Yen-hsia.
In 1953, the fifty-three-year-old Wu was publicly challenged to a fight by the thirty-something Tibetan White Crane stylist Ch'en K'e-fu (陈克夫). The contest was arranged and fought in Macau in January, 1954. The ring was set up as if for a Western boxing match, and there were many rules prohibiting various techniques being used by the fighters; kicks, throws or joint locks, for example. The contest lasted not quite two rounds. During the second round, the judges ended the fight, declaring the contest a draw. This was done to ensure that there was no loss of face to either party. Both Wu and Ch'en invited the opposing sides to celebratory banquets. The contest was reported in detail by the media of the day, and resulted in many new students for the Wu family school, including a martial art teaching contract for Wu Ta-k'uei from the Kowloon police.
T'ai chi ch'uan lineage tree with Wu-style focus
References
External links
International Wu Style Tai Chi Chuan Federation website
Detroit, Michigan Wu style website
1898 births
1970 deaths
Chinese tai chi practitioners
Manchu martial artists
Khwaja Mohammed Shahid is an Indian career civil servant, academic and administrator who formerly served as Vice Chancellor of Maulana Azad National Urdu University and Registrar of Jamia Millia Islamia University. He was also an eminent visitor to the University Grants Commission.
He also previously served as Joint Secretary to Government of India. He is a Central Secretariat Service officer.
Early life and education
He graduated with Bachelor, Masters and a Doctor of Philosophy from Aligarh Muslim University.
Career
Civil service
Shahid joined the Central Secretariat Service after qualifying through the Civil Services Examination. He served as Joint Secretary in Union Public Service Commission Secretariat.
He was later empanelled and served in the post as Joint Secretary to Government of India. He was appointed as Director of Institute of Secretariat Training and Management by the Ministry of Personnel, Public Grievances and Pensions.
Academic
He served as Registrar of Jamia Millia Islamia University and was responsible for transforming the institution from a "deemed university" status to a full-fledged central university.
He was later appointed as Pro-Vice Chancellor of Maulana Azad National Urdu University by the Ministry of Human Resource Development. He was later appointed as Vice Chancellor (Incharge) of Maulana Azad National Urdu University.
Books, research papers and journals
Shahid is the author of 3 Urdu and 1 English book.
Books
Indian Higher Education at a Crossroads (Publisher: Kalpaz Publications; )
References
External links
Khwaja Shahid moots the idea of caravan of goodwill and harmony The Siasat Daily
MANUU's new VC assures justice as campus protests continue Sakshi Post (2015)
Muslim educational institutes celebrate Independence Day with gaiety Muslim Mirror
Maulana Azad National Urdu University row: Professors lodge complaint Deccan Chronicle
President Message, AMU Aligarh Muslim University
Living people
Aligarh Muslim University alumni
Indian civil servants
Indian government officials
Central Secretariat Service officers
Indian scholars
21st-century Indian scholars
Indian academic administrators
Indian Muslims
Year of birth missing (living people)
Crossford is a village in South Lanarkshire, Scotland.
Crossford lies on the A72, alongside the River Clyde and the River Nethan, north west of Lanark and south east of Hamilton. It is home to a pub, the Tillietudlem Inn, and a village shop. The nearest primary school, Underbank Primary, is situated just out of Crossford whilst the nearest secondary is in Carluke, though pupils from the village attend Lanark Grammar School.
The 317 bus service runs every 90 minutes to Hamilton and Lanark.
The 40-mile long Clyde walkway footpath from Lanark to Glasgow passes through Crossford.
References
External links
Villages in South Lanarkshire
Snow Storm: Hannibal and his Army Crossing the Alps is an oil on canvas painting by J. M. W. Turner, first exhibited in 1812. Left to the nation in the Turner Bequest, it was acquired by the National Gallery in London in 1856, and is now held by the Tate Gallery.
Content
The painting depicts the struggle of Hannibal's soldiers to cross the Maritime Alps in 218BC, opposed by the forces of nature and local tribes. A curving black storm cloud dominates the sky, poised to descend on the soldiers in the valley below, with an orange-yellow Sun attempting to break through the clouds. A white avalanche cascades down the mountain to the right. Hannibal himself is not clearly depicted, but may be riding the elephant just visible in the distance. The large animal is dwarfed by the storm and the landscape, with the sunlit plains of Italy opening up beyond. In the foreground, Salassian tribesmen are fighting Hannibal's rearguard, confrontations that are described in the histories of Polybius and Livy. The painting measures . It contains the first appearance in Turner's work of a swirling oval vortex of wind, rain and cloud, a dynamic composition of contrasting light and dark that will recur in later works, such as his 1842 painting Snow Storm: Steam-Boat off a Harbour's Mouth.
Background
Turner saw parallels between Hannibal and Napoleon, and between the historic Punic War between Rome and Carthage and the contemporary Napoleonic Wars between Britain and France. The painting is Turner's response to Jacques-Louis David's portrait of Napoleon Crossing the Alps, of Napoleon leading his army over the Great St Bernard Pass in May 1800, which Turner had seen during a visit to Paris in 1802. Turner set his painting in the Val d'Aosta, one of the possible routes that Hannibal may have used to cross the Alps, which Turner had also visited in 1802.
Identifying Napoleon and France with Hannibal and Carthage was unusual: as a land power with a relatively weak navy, France was more usually identified with Rome, and the naval power of Britain drew parallels with Carthage. A more typical symbolism, linking the modern naval power of Britain with the ancient naval power of Carthage, can be detected in Turner's later works, Dido Building Carthage, and The Decline of the Carthaginian Empire.
Composition
The irregular composition, without geometric axes or perspective, breaks traditional rules of composition. It is similar to Turner's 1800-2 watercolour, Edward I's Army in Wales, painted to illustrate a passage from the poem The Bard by Thomas Gray, in which an army marches diagonally across the painting through a mountain pass, and is assailed by an archer to the left of the painting. Turner sketched out the foreground figures as early as 1804, and had observed an impressive storm from Farnley Hall, the house of Walter Fawkes in Yorkshire, in 1810; making notes on the back of a letter, he remarked to Fawkes' son Hawkesworth that its like would be seen again in two years, and it would be called "Hannibal crossing the Alps". Turner may also have been inspired by a lost oil painting of Hannibal's army descending the Alps into northern Italy by watercolourist John Robert Cozens, A Landscape with Hannibal in His March over the Alps, Showing to His Army the Fertile Plains of Italy, the only oil painting that Cozens exhibited at the Royal Academy, and also an entry in list of imaginary paintings written by Thomas Gray, which speculated that Salvator Rosa could have painted "Hannibal passing the Alps". Another spur to make the painting could have been the visit of a delegation from the Tyrol to London in 1809, seeking support to oppose Napoleon.
Exhibition history
The painting was first exhibited at the Royal Academy summer exhibition at Somerset House in 1812, accompanied in the catalogue with some lines from Turner's unfinished epic poem Fallacies of Hope:
Craft, treachery, and fraud – Salassian force,
Hung on the fainting rear! then Plunder seiz'd
The victor and the captive, – Saguntum's spoil,
Alike, became their prey; still the chief advanc'd,
Look'd on the sun with hope; – low, broad, and wan;
While the fierce archer of the downward year
Stains Italy's blanch'd barrier with storms.
In vain each pass, ensanguin'd deep with dead,
Or rocky fragments, wide destruction roll'd.
Still on Campania's fertile plains – he thought,
But the loud breeze sob'd, "Capua's joys beware!"
Turner insisted that the painting should be hung low on the wall at the exhibition to ensure it would be viewed from the correct angle. It was widely praised as impressive, terrible, magnificent and sublime.
The painting was left to the nation in the Turner Bequest in 1856, and held by the National Gallery until it was transferred to the Tate Gallery in 1910.
References
Tate Gallery
Tate Catalogue
Tate illustrated companion
Art in an Age of Bonapartism, 1800–1815, Albert Boime p. 111–116
Prehistoric Figurines: Representation and Corporeality In The Neolithic, Douglass Whitfield Bailey, p. 181–183
Angel in the Sun: Turner's Vision of History Gerald E. Finley, p. 98–101
The Poetics and Politics of Alpine Passage: Turner's Snowstorm: Hannibal and His Army Crossing the Alps, Lynn R Matteson, The Art Bulletin, Vol.62, No.3 (Sept 1980) 385–398
1812 paintings
Paintings by J. M. W. Turner
Collection of the Tate galleries
Elephants in art
Sun in art
Beyond-armour effect is a term coined by Försvarets Fabriksverk (FFV), a semi-governmental Swedish defense firm, while developing the AT4. From the 1980s this phrase was used in its brochures, press releases, weapon instruction manuals and other documentation to denote the post-penetration effect of the AT4's HEAT anti-armour warhead against the interior and occupants of armoured vehicles.
The phrase now has become more or less standard in modern military terminology.
History
During World War II, man-portable antitank weapons using shaped charge warheads, more commonly known today as HEAT projectiles, came into widespread use with almost all armies. These warheads have the advantage of not being affected by the projectile's velocity. They penetrate armour by the detonation of an explosive charge fitted in a liner in the shape of a cone or, more precisely, an ogive. The liner is often made of a soft metal, such as copper. Detonation of this shaped charge turns it into a highly focused stream moving forward at extreme speeds. Like medium and high velocity solid shot armour piercing projectiles, these warheads also cause spalling on the interior of the vehicle's armour plate.
A problem with shaped charge warheads is that if the ogive shaped liner is deep, the warhead will have more penetration but will form a smaller hole; smaller holes are associated with less damage inside the armoured vehicle than larger ones. Research on shaped charge warheads has shown a hole that is the size of a large coin on the outside of a tank turret will have the diameter of a pencil lead on the turret's inner face. If, on the other hand, the ogive is shallow, it will have less penetration, but cause a larger hole on the inside which will result in a massive spalling.
In 1954, during the siege of Dien Bien Phu, France had dismantled and flown in a number of M24 Chaffee light tanks. Their thickest armor was only 25.4 mm. The Viet Minh's main infantry antitank weapon was the old World War Two U.S. 2.36-inch bazooka, captured from Nationalist Chinese forces and supplied by Communist China. During the siege the French launched counterattacks using the M24 in support of their infantry. One Chaffee took seven hits from 2.36-inch bazookas and still continued to fight, demonstrating that portable rocket launchers were hardly a flawless tank-killer.
Other examples became evident during the Vietnam War. The North Vietnamese and their allied forces in South Vietnam were equipped with two types of light anti-armour weapons. One was the 1950s era B-40, which was a Chinese manufactured version of the Russian RPG-2, and the other was the newer RPG-7. The RPG-2 had a shallow cone and the RPG-7 a deep cone. The B-40 had a maximum penetration against armour of approximately 150 mm while the RPG-7 penetration was more than double that of the B-40. But to the surprise of the North Vietnamese, the B-40, while not effective against heavy tanks, was far more effective than the RPG-7 in killing or wounding the occupants of light armoured vehicles, and in igniting the ammunition storage or the vehicle's fuel, including the more modern M113 APC which U.S. and South Vietnamese forces at that time operated in large numbers. In addition, the B-40 proved more effective than the RPG-7 against non-armoured targets, like the bunkers at fire base camps. There are many stories from U.S. Vietnam veterans of the enemy attacking or ambushing very effectively with the B-40. The U.S. Army also discovered that in combat, with rare exceptions, more than one hit by the M72 LAW rocket was required to disable or kill the North Vietnamese PT-76 light tank.
Development
The combat record of light anti-armour weapons was studied by the engineers at FFV working on a replacement for the Pansarskott m/68 in the late 1970s. The result was the AT4 with a HEAT warhead that had, as the early AT4 brochures stated, a "special beyond-armour effect". The designers of the AT4's warhead intended that one hit would cause massive damage to both the occupants and the interior of the targeted vehicle. FFV has said very little about the design of the AT4's warhead, being willing only to describe its effects. Defense journalists and military experts have speculated on the warhead's design. A cutaway photo of the AT4's projectile gave clues. Instead of the standard cone shape liner used by other HEAT warheads, the AT4 has a unique trumpet-shaped liner. Trumpet-shaped liners are believed to be more effective in resisting the counter-blast of reactive armour tiles, that explode and disrupt the HEAT warhead's particle stream. There has been speculation that the liner in the AT4's HEAT warhead is constructed of a special aluminum alloy. Others have stated it is primarily a copper liner with a secondary liner of aluminum bonded to the back of the copper liner. Another clue to the effectiveness of the AT4 is the presence of a "focus ring" to concentrate the blast. All public statements to 1984 on the subject are speculative. Tests conducted by the U.S. Army on the AT4 confirmed that the claims made by FFV regarding the AT4's devastating post-penetration effect were substantially correct.
Description
As described by FFV in their first AT4 brochure in 1983, the beyond-armour effect had five distinctive characteristics upon penetration of an armoured vehicle:
A massive overpressure inside the vehicle of approximately 11 bar over normal.
Secondary fragments from the warhead itself due to the large entry hole, plus more extensive spalling than caused by HEAT warheads of similar diameter.
An intense light that is 100 times brighter than sunlight.
Generation of dense smoke in the armoured vehicle's interior.
Generation of extensive heat inside the armoured vehicle.
FFV claims that besides the effect of the massive spalling and fragmentation on the occupants of the armoured vehicle, which is standard for all HEAT warheads to a degree, the massive overpressure and intense heat will ignite ammunition and more importantly the armoured vehicle's diesel fuel. The intense light effect will blind any occupants for at least seven minutes, adding to the obscuring effect of the dense smoke created by the AT4's HEAT warhead.
References and notes
Anti-tank weapons
Explosives
The St. Francis Pro-Cathedral or simply Church of St. Francis, is a Roman Catholic church located in the city of Tripoli, Libya.
Cathedral
The St. Francis Pro-Cathedral follows the Roman Rite or Latin rite serves as a parish church and the pro-cathedral or temporary cathedral of the Apostolic Vicariate of Tripoli (Vicariatus Apostolicus Tripolitanus) which was created in 1630 by Pope Urban VIII.
It is about 740 metres from the old cathedral of Tripoli dating back to 1928, which was converted into a mosque in 1970. It is run by the Franciscans of the Province of St. Paul the Apostle (Malta) with the church of Mary Immaculate in Benghazi.
See also
Roman Catholicism in Libya
Pro-Cathedral
References
Roman Catholic cathedrals in Libya
Buildings and structures in Tripoli
"Papers" is a song by American urban recording artist Usher. The song was a buzz single for his sixth studio album Raymond v. Raymond. It was written by Usher, Alonzo "Gorilla Zoe" Mathis, Sean Garrett and Zaytoven, and was produced by the latter two. Although it was never identified as a track from the album, or as the lead single, it was released to U.S. urban and rhythmic radio stations on October 12, 2009, and subsequently available for digital download on October 16, 2009.
The song peaked at number thirty-one on the Billboard Hot 100 and topped the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, giving Usher his tenth number one song on the chart.
Background and composition
In June 2009, co-writer and producer of the song, Xavier "Zaytoven" Dotson revealed to MTV News that he worked with Usher on a song. Zaytoven divulged a few details, saying, "I can't wait for something like that to come out, so people can see I do more than just hip-hop. I can do R&B, pop, gospel ... whatever genre of music that's out. If you listen to [this new Usher song], you can't say, 'Zaytoven did that.'" According to Zaytoven in another interview with MTV News, the track was originally called "Filing Papers". Zaytoven said, "This is before there were any reports about Usher's marriage in the news. So I was thinking to myself, 'Is he trying to say something?' I don't know what Usher is going through, but Sean Garrett made a song about filling out papers, divorce papers. The beat, it's got a bounce to it. It's outta here." Sean Garrett later clarified, stating that the song was not necessarily called "Filing Papers", Garret commented, "Let's say I wrote a record for Usher three or four months ago where I really didn't have any idea of what he was going through personally. I work really hard at creating records I feel that's gonna fit like a glove to an artist. Me and Usher have a close relationship; I tend to sort of assist certain artists in giving them a direction, where I think they need to go in their next move. I felt that was the direction we needed to go. I felt that was the question everyone wanted to know: Was [his relationship] good or was it bad? Was it right? Are you happy or you're not?" Garrett continued to maintain that he had no idea of Usher's state of marriage during the time of the song's development, stating that the record could have meant anything, saying, "I'm a heavy believer in God. I'm a Pisces. My intuition is crazy. I think that's healthy in the process for me writing and producing for people. Maybe it was a sign of what my man was going through and he needed to get out. Maybe it was something she needed to hear as a wake-up call to her."
In October 2009, the track was released as the album's buzz single, not intended to be the first release of Raymond v. Raymond, but to generate reception and feedback. In March 2010, Usher continued to support Garrett's original claims, stating the song was recorded before his marriage ended. Usher said in an interview for MTV News for promoting Raymond v. Raymond: "I think people would have immediately alluded to the fact I was talking about my wife when I made that record — and now my ex-wife," he said. "When the song was recorded, I wasn't divorced. It was some reality in the contrast of trying to make it all work, having to balance a career and having a normal life. Coming in at 6 in the morning and arguing was a reality when you have those type of relationships. I felt that in a way, the story did touch on certain things at the time. I didn't know how realistic it would become. I didn't know I would become divorced. I did know it spoke on the contrast between trying to balance this world of being married and having this responsibility that's like a marriage at the same time. The song spoke to that place. Unfortunately, it did become a reality."
Garrett said the song appeals to everyone, saying "Whether you're a female in love, male in love, it's a real record. Your mama has to feel this record, your daddy has to feel this record, everybody has to feel this record. That's what good writers do." Of its appeal Garrett said that it would have the effect of "Yeah!", and called the song an "explosive record". Garrett went on to say, "I definitely feel it's what Usher's been wanting to say. But at the same time, it's what a lot of people wanted to say, they just didn't know what to say." Jayson Rodriguez of MTV News said that "Usher pulls back the curtain, revealing that a rumored rift between him and his mother was very real", and the song could be heard as a "postmortem" on his marriage, through the lines, "For you I gave my heart and turned my back against the world/ 'Cause you were my girl, girl, girl, I'm done damn near lost my mama, I'm done been through so much drama/ I'm done turned into the man I never thought I'd be/ I'm ready to sign them papers."
Critical reception
Sarah MacRory of Billboard, compared the song to 2004's "Burn" comparing "Papers" to the former number one hit's "layered harmonies, mellow production and lyrics of heartache". MacRory also said, "It's the first time in a while that the singer sounds energized, as he unleashes deeply personal lyrics about the real-life sacrifices he made for love." Jayson Rodriguez of MTV News predicted that if "Papers" were any indication of his upcoming album, then "Raymond vs. Raymond may break some sales records", as Confessions was the last time when "art was inspired by his life". Andy Kellman of Allmusic said that Usher "pours himself" into the "Papers" and that the song "bears the closest relation to the turbulence he experienced." Greg Kot of the Chicago Tribune said that "It's the kind of lacerating perspective that adulthood brings, but Usher's too busy chasing his past to fully embrace it." Leah Greenblatt of Entertainment Weekly said that the song was the album's "last-straw slow jam" and the only song other than "Foolin' Around" that offers real revelation.
Chart performance
On the week ending October 31, 2009 "Papers" debuted on the Billboard Hot 100 at ninety-two. In its second week, it moved sixty-one spots to thirty-one, where it peaked. The song spent a total of sixteen weeks on the chart. "Papers" also reached number one on the Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs becoming Usher's tenth number-one song on that chart.
Track listing
Digital download
"Papers" – 4:21
Credits and personnel
Songwriting - Usher Raymond, Sean Garrett, Zaytoven, Alonzo Mathis
Production - Sean Garrett, Zaytoven
Background vocals - Shelea Frazier, Romika Faniel, Tommy Parker, Solomon Dykes, Timothy Bloom
Vocal production - Rico Love
Recording - Miles Walker
Vocal recording - Ian Cross, assisted by Blake Harden and Brandon Parks
Mixing - Ian Cross and Matt Marrin, assisted by Alex Barajas
Source:
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Release history
See also
List of R&B number-one singles of 2009 (U.S.)
References
2009 singles
Usher (musician) songs
Songs written by Sean Garrett
Pop ballads
Contemporary R&B ballads
2009 songs
Songs written by Usher (musician)
LaFace Records singles
Songs written by Gorilla Zoe
Songs written by Zaytoven
Song recordings produced by Zaytoven
2000s ballads
John David Currie (3 May 1932 – 8 December 1990) was a sportsman who played rugby union for England in 25 Test matches and also appeared in first-class cricket matches for Somerset and Oxford University. He was born at Clifton, Bristol and died at Leicester.
Cricket career
In cricket, Currie was a right-handed middle- or lower-order batsman. In 1953, at the disastrous Bath cricket festival where the first match, Bertie Buse's benefit match, was over in a single day, he made his first-class debut in the third game, against Leicestershire, scoring 4 and 13 in another match of feeble batting that was over well inside two days. He retained his place for the next match, a non-first-class game against the Royal Air Force, but those were his only appearances for Somerset's first team, although he played for the second eleven in the Minor Counties Championship up to 1955. In both the 1956 and 1957 seasons, he was at Oxford University and he was tried for the cricket team in several matches, but with little success. His highest score was 38, made out of a total of 95 in the match against Yorkshire in 1957. He had dropped out of the Oxford side well before the University Match in both seasons and so did not win a cricket Blue to go with the rugby ones. After leaving Oxford, he played second eleven cricket for Gloucestershire for a couple of seasons.
References
1932 births
1990 deaths
Aldershot Services rugby union players
Alumni of Wadham College, Oxford
Cricketers from Bristol
England international rugby union players
English cricketers
English rugby union players
Oxford University cricketers
People educated at Bristol Grammar School
Rugby union players from Clifton, Bristol
Somerset cricketers
Wang Xiaotian (born 9 February 1955) is a Chinese water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
1955 births
Living people
Chinese male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of China
Water polo players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Asian Games medalists in water polo
Water polo players at the 1978 Asian Games
Water polo players at the 1982 Asian Games
Water polo players at the 1986 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1978 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1982 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1986 Asian Games
Asian Games gold medalists for China
Relational constructivism can be perceived as a relational consequence of radical constructivism. In contrary to social constructivism, it picks up the epistemological threads and maintains the radical constructivist idea that humans cannot overcome their limited conditions of reception (i.e. self-referentially operating cognition). Therefore, humans are not able to come to objective conclusions about the world.
In spite of the subjectivity of human constructions of reality, relational constructivism focusses on the relational conditions applying to human perceptional processes. According to Björn Kraus:
It is substantial for relational constructivism that it basically originates from an epistemological point of view, thus from the subject and its construction processes. Coming from this perspective it then focusses on the (not only social, but also material) relations under which these cognitive construction processes are performed. Consequently, it‘s not only about social construction processes, but about cognitive construction processes performed under certain relational conditions.
Lifeworld and life conditions as relational constructions
In the course of recent constructivist discourses, a discussion about the term lifeworld took place. Björn Kraus' relational-constructivist version of the lifeworld term considers its phenomenological roots (Husserl and Schütz), but expands it within the range of epistemological constructivist theory building.
In consequence, a new approach is created, which focusses on the individual perspective upon the lifeworld term and takes account of social and material environmental conditions and their relevance, as emphasized, for example, by Jürgen Habermas. Essential therefore is Kraus' basic assumption that cognitive development depends on two determining factors. A person's own reality is their subjective construct, but this construct—in spite of all subjectivity—is not random: because a person is still linked to their environment, their own reality is influenced by the conditions of this environment (German: Grundsätzliche Doppelbindung menschlicher Strukturentwicklung).
Building up on this point of view, a separation of individual perception and the social and material environmental conditions is made possible. Kraus accordingly picks up the term lifeworld, adds the term "life conditions" (German: Lebenslage; originally introduced by philosophers Otto Neurath in 1931 as well as Gerhard Weisser in 1956) and opposes the two terms to each other.
By this means, lifeworld describes a person's subjectively experienced world, whereas life conditions describe the person's actual circumstances in life. Accordingly, it could be said a person's lifeworld is built depending on their particular life conditions. More precisely, the life conditions include the material and immaterial living circumstances as for example employment situation, availability of material resources, housing conditions, social environment as well as the person's physical condition. The lifeworld, in contrast, describes the subjective perception of these conditions.
Kraus uses the epistemological distinction between subjective reality and objective reality. Thus, a person's lifeworld correlates with the person's life conditions in the same way that subjective reality correlates with objective reality. One is the insurmountable, subjective construct built depending on the other one's conditions.
Kraus defined lifeworld and life conditions as follows:Life conditions mean a person's material and immaterial circumstances of life. Lifeworld means a person's subjective construction of reality, which he or she forms under the condition of his or her life circumstances.
This contrasting comparison provides a conceptual specification, enabling in the first step the distinction between a subjectively experienced world and its material and social conditions and allowing in the second step to focus on these conditions' relevance for the subjective construction of reality. With this in mind, Manfred Ferdinand, who is reviewing the lifeworld terms used by Alfred Schütz, Edmund Husserl, Björn Kraus and Ludwig Wittgenstein, concludes: "Kraus' thoughts on a constructivist comprehension of lifeworlds contours the integration of micro-, meso- and macroscopic approaches, as it is demanded by Invernizzi and Butterwege: This integration is not only necessary in order to relate the subjective perspectives and the objective frame conditions to each other but also because the objective frame conditions obtain their relevance for the subjective lifeworlds not before they are perceived and assessed."
A relational constructivist theory of power: Instructive vs. destructive power
Björn Kraus deals with the epistemological perspective upon power regarding the question about possibilities of interpersonal influence by developing a special form of constructivism ("Machtanalytischer Konstruktivismus").
Instead of focussing on the valuation and distribution of power, he asks what the term can describe at all. Coming from Max Weber's definition of power, he realizes the term of power has to be split into "instructive power" and "destructive power". More precisely, instructive power means the chance to determine the actions and thoughts of another person, whereas destructive power means the chance to diminish the opportunities of another person.
Kraus defined "instructive power" and "destructive power" as follows:"Instructive power" means the chance to determine a human's thinking or behaviour. (Instructive power as chance for instructive interaction is dependent on the instructed person's own will, which ultimately can refuse instructive power.) "Destructive power" means the chance to restrict a human's possibilities. (Destructive power as chance for destructive interaction is independent of the instructed person's own will, which can't refuse destructive power.)
How significant this distinction really is, becomes evident by looking at the possibilities of rejecting power attempts: rejecting instructive power is possible – rejecting destructive power is not. By using this distinction, proportions of power can be analyzed in a more sophisticated way, helping to sufficiently reflect on matters of responsibility. This perspective permits one to get over an "either-or-position" (either there is power, or there isn't), which is common especially in epistemological discourses about power theories, and to introduce the possibility of an "as well as-position".
According to Wolf Ritscher, it is Björn Kraus who “has reflected on the topic of power as a substantial aspect of social existence in a constructivist manner and has shown that constructivism can also be used in terms of social theory”.
The systems term in relational constructivism
It is central to relational constructivism that social conditions cannot be recognized as allegedly objective, but are described from an observer position in social relationships on the basis of determined criteria. In this sense, for example, power is not seen as objectively recognizable, but as a relational phenomenon. Its description depends on the observers point of view. As with Weber, the definition of instructive power and destructive power focuses on the „opportunity within a social relation to put through one's own will, also against reluctance”. Here, the category of power is not conceived as a per se existing but rather as a social phenomenon. In this respect, the terms instructive power and destructive power do not describe any observer-independent, existing units that a person has or attributes that are inherent in a person, but rather assertion potential in social relations.
The same applies to the relational-constructivist understanding of lifeworlds and living conditions: Although a person's living conditions seem to be much more accessible than a person's lifeworld by observation, both categories are always subject to the ever differing perspective of an observer. Nevertheless, it remains easier to describe life conditions than lifeworlds. While living conditions actually can be observed, statements about lifeworlds always refer to speculated cognitive constructs that cannot be accessed by observation.
For Kraus, it is important that systems cannot be defined as independent from an observer. This is the reason he names criteria allowing distinction between a system and its surrounding environment:
A system is a set of elements, which are determined as cohesive from an observer's perspective. Their relations to each other differ quantitatively and/or qualitatively from those to other entities. These observed differences allow constituting a system border, distinguishing the system from its environment.
He concludes that it depends on these criteria and the observations made by the observing persons, whether systems can be identified or not.
Criticism and counter-criticism – loss of truth and "fake news"
Constructivist positions are accused with being "blind to the difference between truth and lies." It is problematized that truths only seem to exist in the plural and that the associated task of distinguishing between lies and truth is "dangerous on the one hand and inappropriate on the other".
Kraus takes a detailed look at this problem at various points and, using recourse to philosophical discourses of truth, clarifies that a distinction must first be made between "truth" and "truthfulness" and that the opposite of "truth" is not the "lie" but the "Falsehood”. The counterpart of “truthfulness”, on the other hand, is the category of “lies”.
So there are the following comparisons: truth - falsehood and truthfulness - lie. Based on this, Kraus defines lie as a contradiction to the subjective belief that it is true.
A person's statement is considered a lie if it contradicts their own thinking of it as true.
Then he differentiates between lies (as deliberate false statements) and errors (as subjective thinking of something as true that is judged as not true or false). He also clarifies that it can only be decided from observer positions whether a statement is true or false, but that these decisions cannot be made arbitrarily, but must be reasonably justified.
In this respect, there can be no objective truth from the perspective of a constructivist epistemology, but it is still possible to justify when a statement should be considered true in terms of consensus and/or coherence.
Kraus claims that with this approach, it is also constructivistically possible to make a well-founded decision about the difference between news and fake news.
Literature
Kraus, Björn (2014): Introducing a model for analyzing the possibilities of power, help and control. In: Social Work and Society. International Online Journal. Abgerufen 03.04.2019 (http://www.socwork.net/sws/article/view/393)
Kraus, Björn (2015): The Life We Live and the Life We Experience: Introducing the Epistemological Difference between “Lifeworld” (Lebenswelt) and “Life Conditions” (Lebenslage). In: Social Work and Society. International Online Journal. Abgerufen 27.08.2018 (http://www.socwork.net/sws/article/view/438)
Kraus, Björn (2017): Plädoyer für den Relationalen Konstruktivismus und eine Relationale Soziale Arbeit. (Forum Sozial, 1/2017). (http://www.pedocs.de/frontdoor.php?source_opus=15381)
Kraus, Björn (2019): Relational constructivism and relational social work. In: Webb, Stephen, A. (edt.) The Routledge Handbook of Critical Social Work. Routledge international Handbooks. London and New York: Taylor & Francis Ltd.
Kraus, Björn (2019): Relationaler Konstruktivismus – Relationale Soziale Arbeit. Von der systemisch-konstruktivistischen Lebensweltorientierung zu einer relationalen Theorie der Sozialen Arbeit. Weinheim, München: Beltz, Juventa.
References
German philosophy
Epistemology
Constructivism
Byrd Mock (February 23, 1876 – November 7, 1966) was an American painter. Her work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1876 births
1966 deaths
20th-century American painters
American women painters
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Prairie Grove, Arkansas
20th-century American women artists
John Dewhurst may refer to
Sir Christopher John Dewhurst (1920–2006), English gynecologist
Jack Dewhurst (1876–1924), English footballer with Blackburn Rovers and Bury
Shaun MacDonald or McDonald may refer to:
Shaun MacDonald (born 1988), Welsh footballer
Shaun MacDonald (footballer, born 1996), English footballer
Shaun MacDonald (rugby union) (born 1994), Scottish rugby union player
Shaun McDonald (born 1981), American football player
Shaun McDonald (darts player) (born 1985), Scottish darts player; see 2021 PDC Calendar
Shaun McDonald (rugby union) (born 1989), South African rugby union player
See also
Shauna MacDonald (disambiguation)
Shawn McDonald (born 1977), American musician
Oharae no Kotoba (大祓のことば) is one of the Noritos (Shinto prayers or congratulatory words) in Shinto rituals. It is also called Nakatomi Saimon, Nakatomi Exorcism Words, or Nakatomi Exorcism for short, because it was originally used in the purification ceremony and the Nakatomi clan was solely responsible for reading it. A typical example can be found in Enki-Shiki, Volume 8, under the title June New Year's Eve Exorcism. In general, the term "Daihourishi" refers to the words to be proclaimed to the participants of the event, while the term "Nakatomihourai" refers to a modified version of the words to be performed before the shrine or gods.
Overview
For the formation of the Great Exorcism, Kamo Mabuchi advocated the Tenchi and Tenmu dynasties theory, and Hon'i Nobunaga advocates the Bunmu-tenso theory, but both theories state that the original text existed in earlier times.
It was originally chanted at the end of June and December every year to purge tsumi (Shinto concept of sin and pollution). In the past, it was used differently in June and December, but only the one in June remained. In the Enki-Shiki, it is described as "June New Year's Eve Exorcism," and the exorcism rituals used today are based on the "June New Year's Eve Exorcism" rituals.
In the Middle Ages it became associated with Onmyōdo and Esoteric Buddhism, and it came to be thought that merit (merit good luck gained from helping people or doing holy work in buddhism to attain buddha hood) could be gained by simply chanting it, like the incantations of Onmyōdō and Buddhist scriptures. In addition, it was believed that the more one chanted it, the more merit one would gain, and it came to be chanted thousands or tens of thousands of times, and in order to make it easier to chant, the "Saikyo Chushingurae" and the "Saikyo Chushingurae" were created, summarizing only the main points of the Daishoroshi. This was especially important in the Buddhist and Confucian Shinto mixed schools, and commentaries on the Daishoribito were written, such as "Chushin-hara-kunka" and "Chushin-hara-fusui-so.
Nowadays, in addition to being chanted by worshippers themselves at the time of the Great Exorcism, it is also chanted daily in front of the gods at Shinto shrines under the umbrella of the Jinja Honcho. In addition to the Jinja Honcho, it is also used by some of the various denominations of Shinto and Shinto-based new religions, but the content has been modified from that in the Enki Shiki, and there are sometimes differences between the denominations.
History
There are several theories about the formation of the exorcism text. Some say that its author was Ametane-no-mikoto, the grandson of Tenko-no-mikoto, others say that it was Tokiwa-otairen, and still others say that Nakatomi Kanoren presented the exorcism text to Tenji and used it for the semi-annual exorcisms.
Exorcism is used for the purification ceremony. The purification ceremony is held at Suzaku-mon Gate in Kyoto on the last day of June and December every year to remove the various sins and impurities that have been unintentionally committed by all the people under heaven, including the 100 government officials, men and women. According to the Ritsuryo system, the Teikan ritual, and the Enki shiki, the central vassal of the imperial court offers masa, the east and west vassals offer exorcism knives, and read exorcism words in Chinese characters. After the exorcism is completed, the sixth rank and below are made to draw the marijuana. In the Enki Shiki, Vol. 8, "Congratulatory Words," it is listed as "June New Year's Eve Exorcism," with the note, "December Junkono.
It is said that the text is excellent and magnificent, and its thought expresses an aspect of the national spirit. For this reason, it has been revered as a scripture of Shintoism since the Middle Ages, and it is believed that prayers can be accomplished by performing it before the gods. A Thousand and ten thousand exorcisms were actively performed, and the Goshi distributed them among believers in imitation of Buddhist prayer scrolls (kanjus). Since ancient times, there have been many commentaries on these texts.
In addition to being held regularly as a semi-annual state ritual, exorcisms were also held on an ad hoc basis prior to the First Fruits Festival and in times of disaster or epidemic. On the other hand, Nakatomi-no-harae was a form of Shinto ritual in which the words of the exorcism were changed from being proclaimed to people to be played to the gods in order to convert them to private prayers, and is thought to have been established in the 10th century. The name "Nakatomi Exorcism" comes from the fact that it was read by the Nakatomi clan.
Nakatomi exorcism was used by the Department of Divinities to purify the emperor, and it can be confirmed that Onmyōjis used it for private prayers in the early 11th century. In the early 11th century, Onmyōjis used the exorcism for private prayer. and that the concluding phrase of the Nakatomi Exorcism, "The eight million gods will not pretend to hear.
The earliest known text of the Nakatomi Exorcism is the one entitled "Nakatomi Ritual Text" in the Asano-Gunzai, which was established in the early 12th century. While the exorcism words of the Enki Shiki are words to be proclaimed to everyone, the Chushingomin Saibun of Asano Gunbai was changed to a form to be proclaimed to the gods, and can be read out by anyone, anywhere, at any time. According to the claim of Okada Yoneo, a researcher affiliated with the Agency for Divine Worship, the Asano-Gunbun's Chutomi-Saihumi is the oldest form of exorcism that is read before the gods as a prayer in modern times. What is noteworthy about Asano Gunnai's Chushingin ritual text is the description of "the eight million gods of Harato. The four gods of Harato appear in the exorcism, but in Asano-Gunbun's Chushingura, they are not limited to these four gods. The current version of the exorcism text, distributed by the Jinja Main Office, refers to the exorcism deities as "Amatsukami, Kunitsukami, and the eight million deities," and this is the oldest form of the exorcism text.
Eventually, Nakatomi exorcism seems to have spread to other countries. Among them, it has been revealed that Kasuga-sha was performing exorcism in the 12th century. In addition, Buddhist monks also began to perform rituals using Chushingin exorcism, and it is presumed that a commentary by Buddhist monks, Chushingin exorcism commentary, was established in the late Heian period.
The name "Chushinguraibun" seems to have been somewhat widely used from the end of the Heian period. After that, onmyoji and others began to perform the ritual of exorcism privately, and the exorcism poem came to be widely used in society as a congratulatory poem for regular rituals and prayers. Suzuki Shigetane's "Lectures on Celebration Words," vol. 10, explains the name of the exorcism as follows（現代語訳).It is also old-fashioned to refer to exorcisms as "Nakatomi exorcisms. However, since exorcism refers to an event, the correct term should be "Nakatomi exorcism. In the Kokugo Shiki, there is a verse that says, "I will have Amatsu-no-Mikoto and Kunitsu-no-Mikoto release you from your sins. It is correct to say that "Amatsu-sin" refers to the sins committed by the people of the country, and "Kokitsu-sin" refers to the sins committed by the people of the country.
In Ise Shinto, a unique method of exorcism was established by the beginning of the Kamakura period (1185-1333), and it became a secret from the late Kamakura period. In the Yoshida Shinto, the Nakatomi exorcism was also emphasized and unique rituals and notes were performed.
In the Middle Ages, along with the study of the Nihon Shoki Shinto scrolls, the study of Nakatomi no Horae progressed, and the belief in it deepened. The influence of the Ise Shinto and its five Shinto books was remarkable, and the influence of Ryobe Shinto and Sanno Shinto was also recognized. In the early days, the theory of Nakatomi's exorcism was cited in the analogous Shinto sources of the Doge's book, and the world refers to it as the work of Kūkai, but in fact it seems to have been made public in the late Kamakura period. The Nakatomi Exoteric Text in the Jingu Bunko collection is a transcription of an ancient manuscript from the early Kamakura period, dated June Kenpo 3 (1215). The same period was also used for the study of the same commentary on the exorcism by a person calling himself Fujiwara no Asomi Mikodayu. During the Muromachi period and Sengoku period, the Yoshida family of Kaguraoka, Kyoto, devoted the most attention to the study of Nakatomi's exorcisms, most notably by Yoshida Kanetomo. Kanetomo wrote the book "Nakatomi exorcism", and his son Kiyohara Nobuken wrote "Nakatomi exorcism". Kanetomo's descendants, Yoshida Kanenaga and Yoshida Kaneru, lectured on, promoted, copied, and disseminated both books.
Shinto Encyclopedia
From the end of the Heian period (794-1185) to the Edo period (1603-1868), the words read on a daily basis were called Nakatomi-haraishibushi, and the words read at the exorcism ceremony on the last day of June and December were called Dai-haraishibushi. Expressions differed in the ending and middle of the text between the exorcism text read at the exorcism ceremony and the Nakatomi exorcism text read on a daily basis. In the late Edo period (1603-1868), as Kokugaku (the study of the country) and Fuko-shinto (the ancient Shinto religion) flourished, the original name "Daihaishiki" came to be used again.
Content
The June New Year's Eve Exorcism in the Enki-Shiki consists of the following three elements:
To notify the government officials about the implementation of the Great Exorcism.
Announce the process of exorcism, from the occurrence of sins by the people to the erasure of sins by the gods.
Announce the instructions to the Urabe clan.
The exorcism verse can be divided into two main sections based on its content: the first section and the second section.
The first part begins with the phrase, "Listen carefully to the words of congratulation" to the royal family and 100 officials who have gathered for the exorcism. This is a remnant of the fact that the original exorcism lyrics were to be proclaimed to the participants, and this part is omitted in today's exorcism lyrics of the Jinja Main Office. Next, the content of Japanese mythology from the Peace of China in Reed Plains to the Descent of the Amaterasu and the reign of the Amaterasu over Japan is described. Then, the sins of the people of such a country are listed as Tensetsu-Sin, Kunitatsu-Sin, and the way to purify the sins when they occur is described. Since there are many sins that do not fit today's concept of "sin" and some of them may be taken as discriminatory, the Daihoshiki of the Jinja Main Office omits the list of sins and simply says "Amatsu-sin, Kunitsu-sin" (which was deleted in the Daihoshiki enacted by the Ministry of the Interior in 1914 and has been followed).
In the latter part of the chapter, it is explained how sins and impurities disappear when such purification is performed. After various metaphors are used to describe the disappearance of sins and impurities, the disappearance of the sins and impurities is described by the four purifying deities.
"Amatsu Shusshin no Taishu Shigi Ji"
There has been debate over the interpretation of the phrase "tai shukushi no tai shukushi joto" at the end of the first sentence since the Edo period, when Kokugaku emerged.
Nen'ichi Motoyi argued in his "Post-exorcism Commentary" that "amatsu shukushi no tai shukushi koto" refers to the exorcism itself. Kamo Shin'abuchi expressed a similar opinion in "Shusshin Kō". The Ministry of Home Affairs, which had jurisdiction over Shinto shrines before the war, adopted this theory, and the Jinja Honcho, which follows in its footsteps, has also adopted this interpretation. The Jinja Main Office says that nothing is chanted between the first and second steps, but only one beat is left between them.
However, there is a theory that the "Amatsu Shusshin no Taishu Shigi Joto" is a secret shusshin that has been handed down since the time of the gods, and because it is a secret, it was not written in the Enki Shiki. Hirata Atsutane, a "posthumous student" of Hon'ichi Nobunaga, advocates the theory in his unfinished "Koshi-den" that "there is a congratulatory verse called "Amatsu-shukushi-no-taishugushi-joto" which was orally transmitted from Amaterasu, and was handed down only to the Nakatomi family. In his book, "Amatsu Shukushigi Ko," he claims that the words were uttered by Izanagi-no-mikoto when he purified himself at Abakihara in Tachibana-no-Kodo, Hyuga, Chikushi. This is what he wrote. The "Amatsu Shusshin no Tai Shusshin Joto" that Atsutane presented has been adopted as the "Amatsu Shusshin" by many Shinto schools other than the Jinja Main Office, and is chanted between the first and second stages of the Great Purification Speech, as well as being used as a stand-alone purification speech.
References
External link
大祓詞 - おはらいの文化史（國學院大學 伝統文化リサーチセンター資料館）
Shinto
Pages with unreviewed translations
Philipp Petzschner and Tim Pütz were the defending champions, but Petzschner chose not to participate this year. Pütz played alongside Jan-Lennard Struff, but lost in the first round to John Peers and Bruno Soares.
Peers and Soares went on to win the title, defeating Rohan Bopanna and Denis Shapovalov in the final, 7–5, 6–3.
Seeds
Draw
Draw
References
Main Draw
MercedesCup - Doubles
Doubles 2019
Media in Kerala, India are widely accessible and cater to a wide variety of audiences. Kerala has the highest media exposure in India with newspapers publishing in nine languages, mainly English and Malayalam.
Print media
Newspapers
Dozens of newspapers are published in Kerala. The principal languages of publication are Malayalam and English. The most widely circulating Malayalam-language newspapers include Malayala Manorama, Mathrubhumi, Desabhimani,Madhyamam, Kerala Kaumudi, Suprabhaatham, Siraj Daily, Veekshanam, Deepika, Mangalam, Janayugam, Thejas, Varthamanam, Chandrika, Janmabhumi, Udaya Keralam and Metro Vaartha.
Magazines
Among list of Malayalam periodicals major Malayalam periodicals are Mathrubhumi weekly, Madhyamam weekly, India Today Malayalam, Dhanam, Chithrabhumi, Balarama (Comics), Thejas, Kanyaka and Bhashaposhini.
The following table is according to the Indian Readership Survey (IRS) 2019 Quarter 1.
Television
Doordarshan the state-owned television broadcaster started the commercial television broadcast in Kerala with the channel 'DD Malayalam 'on 1 January 1985 from Kudappanakkunnu, Trivandrum. Malayalam started with a one-hour slot (6.30 PM -7:30 PM IST) daily followed by a 10-minute news bulletin in malayalam. During initial phase Malayalam programs that originated from Doordarshan were available only within 15 km radius of the station.
Multi system operators provide a mix of Malayalam, English, and international channels. The first group to enter the television field was Asianet in 1993, followed by Surya TV in 1998. Kairali TV started broadcast in the year 2000. Multiple channels then started broadcasting including general entertainment channels like (ACV NEWS), Jeevan, Amrita, JaiHind TV, Asianet plus, Surya Movies, Kairali We, Mazhavil Manorama, Flowers, news channels like Indiavision, Asianet News, Reporter TV, Manorama News, Kairali People, Mathrubhumi News, Media One TV, 24 News Channel, Janam TV and religious channels like Harvest TV, Harvest USA TV, Harvest Arabia, Harvest India, Shalom, Powervision TV. The only government owned channel in Malayalam is Victers TV (Versatile ICT Enabled Resource for Students), an edutainment channel which is working under KITE of General Education department, Kerala
Radio
In Kerala, Radio had a very vital role in communication. During colonial rule, the erstwhile Travancore state set up the first Radio Station in Kerala. The Princely State of Travancore has granted sanction for setting up a radio broadcasting station at Thiruvananthapuram on 30 September 1937. The radio station was called 'Travancore State Broadcasting Station' and was inaugurated on 12 March 1943 by Sri Chithira Thirunal Balarama Varma. During Initial phase of transmission two hours of radio broadcasting on Friday evenings were aired by the station. After Independence when state of Travancore joined in Indian Union, the 'Travancore State Broadcasting Station' was merged with All India Radio from 1 April 1950. Radio Alakal, the first Community radio in the state, started narrowcasting from Trivandrum on 1 May 2006.Kerala's First private FM station, Radio Mango 91.9, was launched on 29th, November 2007 in Calicut, sparking off the FM revolution in the state. Today, Kerala has a host of private FM channels that are fast gaining influence among its population.
Private FM Stations inside Kerala
Thiruvananthapuram
Club FM 94.3 (The Mathrubhumi Printing And Publishing Co Ltd)
BIG FM 92.7 (Reliance Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group)
Radio Mirchi 98.3 (Entertainment Network India Limited)
Red FM 93.5 (Sun Network)
Radio DC - Community Radio Station (DC School of Management and Technology)
Kollam
Radio Benziger 107.8 - Community Radio Station (Bishop Benziger Hospital)
Karunagapally
Ente Radio 91.2 - Community Radio Station
Ambalapuzha
Global Radio 91.2 FM- Community Radio Station
Alappuzha
Club FM 104.8 (The Mathrubhumi Printing And Publishing Co Ltd)
Radio Mango 92.7 (The Malayala Manorama Co Ltd)
Radio Neythal 107.8 - Community Radio Station (Diocese of Alappuzha)
Thiruvalla
Radio MACFAST 90.4 - Community Radio Station
Changanacherry
Radio Media Village 90.8 - Community Radio Station
Kottayam
Radio Mangalam 91.2 - Community Radio Station
Radio Media Village 90.8 - Community Radio Station (St Joseph College of Communication)
Kochi
Club FM 94.3 (The Mathrubhumi Printing And Publishing Co Ltd)
Red FM 93.5 (Sun Network)
Radio Mango 91.9 (The Malayala Manorama Co Ltd.)
Radio Mirchi 104, Kochi (Radio Mirchi)
Thrissur
Club FM 104.8 (The Mathrubhumi Printing And Publishing Co Ltd)
Radio Mango 91.9 (The Malayala Manorama Co Ltd)
BEST FM 95 (Asianet Communications Ltd)
Red FM 91.1 (Sun Network)
Hello Radio 90.8 - Community Radio Station
Palakkad
Ahalia Voice 90.4 - Community Radio Station
Kozhikode
Radio Mango 91.9 (The Malayala Manorama Co Ltd)
Red FM 93.5 (Sun Network)
Radio Mirchi 92.7 (Entertainment Network India Limited)
Club FM 94.3 (The Mathrubhumi Printing And Publishing Co Ltd)
Wayanad
Radio Mattoli 90.4 - Community Radio Station (Wayanad Social Service Society)
Kannur
Club FM 94.3 (The Mathrubhumi Printing And Publishing Co Ltd)
Radio Mango 91.9 (The Malayala Manorama Co Ltd)
Red FM 93.5 (Sun Network)
BEST FM 95 (Asianet Communications Ltd)
Private AM/FM/SW Stations outside Kerala
Dubai
Asianet Radio 657AM
Radio Asia 1269 AM
Club FM 99.6 [The Mathrubhumi Group]
Radio Me 95.3 FM
Hit FM 96.7
Oxygen FM 102.4
Radio Mango 96.2
Vatican
Vatican ShortWave Radio (SW 9505 kHz(31m)) daily at 8:40pm IST
Public sector Radio Channels
All India Radio (AIR) FM Radio Stations in Kerala
Thiruvananthapuram -101.9
Kochi 102.3
Kochi FM Rainbow 107.5 (Music Channel)
Thrissur - 103
Devikulam - 101.4
Kozhikode - 103.6
Malappuram -102.7
Kannur - 101.5
All India Radio (AIR) AM/MW Radio Stations in Kerala
Thiruvananthapuram - 1161
Alapuzha - 576
Thrissur - 630
Kozhikode - 684
Kavaratti - 1584
All India Radio (AIR) SW Radio Stations in Kerala
Thiruvananthapuram - 5010,7290
Internet
Internet service was started by ISPs like Kerala Telecommunication and VSNL in the year 1998. In the same year BPL, a private mobile service provider introduced mobile telephony in Kerala. According to the IAMAI report, titled 'India Internet 2019', Kerala's Internet penetration rate is 54 % which is second highest in India
Cinema
The history of Malayalam cinema begins with Vigathakumaran a silent film made by J.C. Daniel in 1928. The first Malayalam talkie, Balan, came out in 1938.
Udaya Studio, the first professional film studio of Kerala was set up in Alappuzha by Kunchako in 1947. Another landmark was the release of Chemmeen in 1966, directed by Ramu Kariat, which won the President's Gold Medal for the best Indian film.
The first co-operative society for film production, Chitralekha Film Co-operative was promoted by Chithralekha Film Society. This first film society of Kerala was started in 1964 by Adoor Gopalakrishnan and Kulathur Bhaskaran Nair.
See also
Media in Trivandrum
References
External links
Charles Lovett Keyser (January 19, 1930 – July 31, 2022) was the fourth bishop suffragan for the Armed Forces in the Episcopal Church. He was consecrated on March 24, 1990, and retired on February 29, 2000, when he served as an assisting bishop in the Episcopal Diocese of Florida.
Keyser earned a B.A. degree from The University of the South in 1951. In 1954, he received his M.Div. degree from St. Luke's Seminary in Sewanee, Tennessee. On February 15, 1955, Keyser was ordained an Episcopal priest by Bishop Frank Juhan in Jacksonville, Florida. On February 20, 1956, he was commissioned as a reserve officer in the U.S. Navy Chaplain Corps. Keyser served on USS Pocono from December 1964 to June 1967. He was promoted to commander on April 1, 1967. Keyser later served with the 1st Marine Division in Vietnam from June 1969 to July 1970. He was promoted to captain on July 1, 1973.
See also
List of Episcopal bishops of the United States
Historical list of the Episcopal bishops of the United States
References
Episcopal Clerical Directory, 2015
External links
Diocese of Florida website
1933 births
2022 deaths
People from Greenville, South Carolina
Sewanee: The University of the South alumni
United States Navy officers
United States Navy chaplains
United States Navy personnel of the Vietnam War
Episcopal bishops of Florida
Episcopal bishops for the Armed Forces (United States)
Lazar "Lazo" Miloević (; born 20 January 1975) is a Macedonian slalom canoer who competed in the early 1990s. He finished 31st in the C-1 event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona as an Independent Olympic Participant.
References
Sports-reference.com profile
1975 births
Macedonian male canoeists
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists as Independent Olympic Participants
Macedonian people of Serbian descent
Technetium(IV) chloride is the inorganic compound with the formula TcCl4. It was discovered in 1957 as the first binary halide of technetium. It is the highest oxidation binary chloride of technetium that has been isolated as a solid. It is volatile at elevated temperatures and its volatility has been used for separating technetium from other metal chlorides. Colloidal solutions of technetium(IV) chloride are oxidized to form Tc(VII) ions when exposed to gamma rays.
Technetium tetrachloride can be synthesized from the reaction of Cl2 with technetium metal at elevated temperatures between 300 and 500 °C:
Tc + 2 Cl2 → TcCl4
Technetium tetrachloride has also been prepared from the reaction of technetium(VII) oxide with carbon tetrachloride in a sealed vessel at elevated temperature:
Tc2O7 + 7 CCl4 → 2 TcCl4 + 7 COCl2 + 3 Cl2
At 450 °C under vacuum, TcCl4 decomposes to TcCl3 and TcCl2.
As verified by X-ray crystallography, the compound is an inorganic polymer consisting of interconnected TcCl6 octahedra.
References
Technetium compounds
Chlorides
Metal halides
The Marine Pay Department was formed in 1755, and replaced the earlier Marine Pay Office that was established in 1702. It was responsible for processing marines' pay to the Royal Marine Divisions located at Chatham, Portsmouth, Plymouth and Woolwich. The department was initially administered by the Paymaster of the Marines whose title later changed to the Paymaster and Inspector General of Marines. In 1809 it absorbed the secretariat duties of the Marine Department. The department existed until 1831 as part of the Royal Marine Office when it was abolished and its duties transferred to the Navy Pay Office.
History
The Marine Pay Department was created in 1755. It succeeded the earlier Marine Pay Office that was established in 1702. The department was responsible for processing marines' pay to the Royal Marines Division's at Chatham, Portsmouth and Plymouth. The department was initially administered by the Paymaster of the Marines, whose title later changed to the Paymaster and Inspector General of Marines. In 1809 it absorbed the secretariat duties of the Marine Department. The department existed as a separate organisation from the military command of the Royal Marine Forces that were under direct control of the Board of Admiralty until 1825 when the Deputy Adjutant General was appointed to administer the Royal Marines and his office became known Royal Marine Office. This department existed until 1831 as department of the Royal Marine Office of the Department of Admiralty when it was abolished and its duties transferred to the Navy Pay Office of the Treasurer of the Navy. Following the abolition of the Marine Pay Department, a second class clerk in this Department William Robinson transferred to the Navy Board and promoted to Paymaster of the Marines to the Navy Board.
Location
The department was based at:
Head of department
Paymaster of the Marines
Included:
1755-1756, William Adair
1756-1757, George Campbell
1757-1778, John Tucker
1778-1792, Gabriel Steward
1792-1803, The Hon. George Villiers
Paymaster and Inspector General of Marines
Included:
1803-1810, The Hon. George Villiers
1810-1812, The Hon. Edmund Phipps
1812-1813, The Hon. Edward Richard Stewart
1813-1815, Francis Hastings Doyle
1815-1818, The Hon. Granville Anson Chetwynd Stapylton
1819-1831, Sir James Cockburn
Structure and offices under the Paymaster and Inspector General of Marines
Following the creation of the pay department the Paymaster of Marines was supported by a clerical staff consisting of the First Clerk Marine Pay Department later Chief Clerk of the Marine Pay Department who in turn was assisted by a Second Class Clerk who in turn was assisted by a Third Class Clerk. To this structure was added additional extra clerical staff. There also existed a Messengers Office and also an Office Keeper or in modern terms an Office Manager. Another group within this organisation were the Agents of the Marine Office reporting to this department but these based at the various Royal Marine Divisions regional headquarters.
First Class/Chief Clerks Office
Included:
1755-1795, J. Madden
1795-1797, E. Waters
1797-1807, D. C. Webb
1807-1808, E. Waters
1808-1831, Thomas Hind
Second Class Clerks Office
Included:
1795-1797, D. C. Webb
1797-1807, T. Waller
1807-1819, G. Gardner
1819-1827, William Robinson (promoted to Paymaster of the Marines (Navy Board) in 1829
1827-1831, J. Edwards
Third Class Clerks Office
This office usually consisted of three clerks holding the position at the same time and included:
1819-1824, W. Brixey
1819-1824, J. Edwards
1819-1824, W. Gardner
1824-1827, C. Cooper
1827-1830, W. Bartmore
1827-1830, H. Cooper
1827-1830, R. Edwards
1830-1831, C. W. Hind
Extra Clerks Office
Included:
1800-1801, W. Robinson
1801-1803, W. Brixey
1803-1807, J. Edwards
1807 -1819, W. Gardner
Messengers Office
Included:
1800-1809, T. Hayward
1809-1813, R. Leader
1813-1826, R. Pitts
1826-1831, R. Elbourn
Office Keeper
Included:
1824-1827, R. Glendenning
1827-1831, W. H. Weaver
Agents of Marines
The Agent of Marines were officers of the Marine Pay Office established in 1756, one assigned to each of the three divisions and included:
1756-1760, M. Guerin, (Plymouth)
1756-1760, J. Winter, (Portsmouth)
1756-1760, J. Baird, (Chatham)
1760-1763, J. Clevland, (Plymouth)
1763-1767, J. Clevland, (Chatham, Plymouth and Portsmouth)
1767-1791, G. Williams, (Chatham, Plymouth and Portsmouth)
1791-1800, C. Cox, (Chatham, Plymouth and Portsmouth)
Citations
Sources
Archives, National (1688–1983). "Records of Royal Marines". nationalarchives.gov.uk. London, England: The National Archives.
'Marine pay department', in Office-Holders in Modern Britain: Volume 4, Admiralty Officials 1660-1870, ed. J C Sainty (London, 1975), pp. 85–90. British History Online http://www.british-history.ac.uk/office-holders/vol4/pp85-90 [accessed 3 January 2019].
Office, Admiralty (January 1820). The Navy List. London, England: John Murray.
Office, Admiralty (December 1827). The Navy List. London, England: John Murray
Parliament, Great Britain. (1797) The Royal Kalendar and Court and City Register for England, Scotland, Ireland and the Colonies. W. March. London. England.
Parliament, Great Britain. (1805) The Royal Kalendar and Court and City Register for England, Scotland, Ireland and the Colonies. W. March. London. England.
Admiralty departments
United Nations Security Council resolution 673, adopted unanimously on 24 October 1990, after reaffirming Resolution 672 (1990), the Council deplored Israel's refusal to receive the mission of the Secretary-General to the region.
Members of the mission, authorised under Resolution 672 (1990) to visit the Temple Mount region, were prevented from visiting the area after Israel said it was an interference in its internal affairs. The Secretary-General Javier Pérez de Cuéllar later decided to publish his report without dispatching the mission, which was reviewed in Resolution 681.
The Council urged Israel to reconsider its decision and allow the mission to visit the area of the riots at Temple Mount which resulted in loss of lives and damage to property.
Resolution 673 was submitted at the meeting by Colombia, Cuba, Malaysia and Yemen, which consisted of a heated debate and which Sudan, supported by several non-aligned countries, called for strong measures against Israel, including under Chapter VII of the United Nations Charter. Israel rejected this, arguing Resolution 272 (1967) and the situation relating to the Palestinians was not comparable to that of the invasion of Kuwait by Iraq.
See also
Arab–Israeli conflict
First Intifada
Israeli–Palestinian conflict
List of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 601 to 700 (1987–1991)
External links
Text of the Resolution at undocs.org
References
0673
0673
Israeli–Palestinian conflict and the United Nations
1990 in Israel
October 1990 events
Blanket Music is a jazz-influenced indie-rock band from Portland, Oregon. Led by Chad Crouch, the owner/operator of Hush Records.
History
The band formed in 1999, to perform at a wedding reception. Mixing jazz, rock, bossa nova and pop music, the band released debut album Nice in 2000. In 2001 Corrina Repp and Esperanza Spalding joined the band on vocals, the band releasing second album Move the same year. Cultural Norms was released in 2004, featuring new member Mike Johnson and guest appearances from Chris Funk and Jenny Conlee of The Decemberists. It was described by Pitchfork Media writer Chris Dahlen as Crouch's "most compelling album". Their 2006 double-album The Love/Love Translation features a disc of Blanket Music originals plus a second disc of covers of songs originally be bands associated with Hush Records.
During their tenure, the band has released five pressed records, as well as an eAlbum—a free digital download, something that Hush did several times for their acts who had a release ready but not the money (or motivation) to press and sell the disc.
The band's track "Stand to Love" was used in the soundtrack to James Westby's 2008 film The Auteur.
The band were often compared to Belle & Sebastian, with Crouch's vocals often likened to Stuart Murdoch's.
Members
Chad Crouch - Vocals, Guitar, Keys, Programming
Greg Lind - Drums
Jez Miller - Bass
Ross Seligman - Guitar
Dave Depper - Bass, Guitar, Vocals, Slide Guitar, 12-String Guitar, Keys
Mike Johnson - Rhodes Piano, Piano, Vocals, Keys
Corrina Repp - Vocals
Esperanza Spalding - Vocals
Discography
Albums
Nice - (2000, Hush Records)
Move (2002, Hush Records)
Cultural Norms (2004, Hush Records)
The Love/Love Translation (2006, Hush Records)
EPs
Blanket Music/Noise for Pretend - Split EP (2001, Hush Records)
References
External links
Hush Records official website
Blanket Music artist page on Hush Records
1999 establishments in Oregon
Indie rock musical groups from Oregon
Musical groups established in 1999
Musical groups from Portland, Oregon
Rebecca Russo (born April 22, 1994) is an American-born women's ice hockey player. Having won a national U19 championship at Shattuck St. Mary's, Russo played her NCAA hockey with the BU Terriers. On November 3, 2015, Russo set the Boston University Terriers women's ice hockey record for most assists in one game, with five against Yale.
In her first season of NWHL hockey, she was selected to play in the 2017 All-Star Game. Russo's selection came via an online fan vote on the NWHL website, as she placed among the top four vote getters.
Playing career
Russo competed for the United States U18 national team in an exhibition series against Canada during the summer of 2011.
NCAA
Making her NCAA debut on October 5, 2012, Russo would gain her first point with the Terriers, logging an assist.
Russo scored her first NCAA goal on February 20, 2013, against the New Hampshire Wildcats. In her senior season (2015–16) with the Terriers, Russo logged a career-best 38 points (15 goals, 23 assists), while appearing in 39 contests. During her senior season, she also registered a scoring streak from January 23 to February 14.
NWHL
Russo would score twice in a 4–0 win on November 20, 2016, against the Connecticut Whale, which was the first shutout in Riveters history. Playing for Team Kessel, Russo scored a goal at the 2nd NWHL All-Star Game. She would also win the fastest skater competition in the 2017 NWHL All-Star Skills Competition.
In May 2017, it was announced that Russo had re-signed with the New York Riveters for the 2017/18 season. Russo participated in the 3rd NWHL All-Star Game.
Personal
Russo has worked for the MLB Network.
References
1994 births
American women's ice hockey forwards
Living people
New York Riveters players
Boston University Terriers women's ice hockey players
Metropolitan Riveters players
Dirk Albert Felsenheimer (born 14 December 1962), better known under his stage name Bela B (formerly Bela B.), is a German musician and songwriter, best known for being the drummer and one of the singers of punk rock band Die Ärzte. In 2006, he released his first solo album entitled Bingo. He is also an actor and has done several voice-overs for television and film.
Early life
Dirk Albert Felsenheimer was born in Spandau, the westernmost borough of Berlin. He has a twin sister named Diana and his parents separated when he was five years old. Felsenheimer graduated from the Carlo-Schmid-Oberschule in Berlin. Afterwards he joined the police force, partly due to boredom and partly because of the influence of his uncle, who was also a police officer. However, shortly before joining the force Bela became punk, which seemed at odds with the conformity required of him in the police. Despite his reservations, he began police training, as he could think of no other viable option and he did not want his mother to worry about him. However, he quit the force soon after joining because he felt that he did not belong there and he began being harassed by the other recruits. He then worked in a warehouse for a short time before beginning a three-year apprenticeship as a window-dresser for the department store Hertie.
Felsenheimer took his stage name from Dracula actor Bela Lugosi, whom he has admired since childhood. The "B" stands for Barney, as the German name of the fictional The Flintstones character Barney Rubble is "Barney Geröllheimer", and he was nicknamed after him because of the similarity to "Felsenheimer". Felsenheimer is actually registered with the German performing rights society GEMA as 'Bela Barney Felsenheimer'.
Career
Die Ärzte
Bela B first played in the short-lived Soilent Grün before co-founding Die Ärzte in 1982 with singer/guitarist Farin Urlaub and bassist Hans Runge. The group soon appeared on the 20 Überschäumende Stimmungshits compilation, and after winning an amateur band contest, they spent their winnings on their 1983 debut EP, Uns geht's prima... They signed a record deal with Columbia Records, which issued the band's debut album, Debil, in 1984. After releasing several albums, the band broke up in 1988 and reunited in 1993.
Depp Jones
After Die Ärzte split up, he soon formed a new band, S.U.M.P, with friend Rodrigo González and the band released an EP entitled Get Wise, Get Ugly, Get S.U.M.P. featuring cover versions of popular songs. The band was later renamed Depp Jones, named after a character in the German version of the comic book series Lucky Luke. Their 1990 debut LP, Return to Caramba!, failed to capitalise on the popularity of Die Ärzte, and its follow-ups Welcome to Hell and At 2012 A.D. did even worse. Farin Urlaub's new band, King Køng, also struggled, and in 1993 he and Bela B agreed to reform Die Ärzte, with former Depp Jones guitarist Rodrigo González joining them on bass.
Solo
In 2006, Bela released his first solo album Bingo, which was produced by Wayne Jackson and Olsen Involtini. The record combined many different music styles such as country, rockabilly, beat music and traditional rock elements. Bela's love for horror can be heard in many of the songs on the album. He worked with country legend Lee Hazlewood and in return guested on his album Cake or Death. Charlotte Roche and Bela's close friend, singer Lula, also feature on Bingo. Bela's record reached number two at the German Top 100 and number five in Austria. Following the album release, Bela toured with his band Bela B. y Los Helmstedt, including appearances at several German festivals including Rock im Park, Rock am Ring, MTV Campus Invasion, and Gurtenfestival. A follow-up record, Code B was released on 2 October 2009.
Musical style
Bela is a fan of horror, which is reflected in many of his songs, such as "Dein Vampyr" (Your Vampire), "Mysteryland", "Der Graf" (The Count), "Die Nacht" (The Night), "Wir werden schön" (We Become Beautiful), "Der Vampir mit dem Colt" (The Vampire with the Colt), "Licht am Ende des Sarges" (Light at the End of the Coffin), and "Monsterparty".
One of Bela's particular features is that he usually plays drums standing up during performances. He has done this since he saw the Stray Cats perform in 1983. Up to that point he had performed sitting down for the first Die Ärzte concerts. However, he generally plays sitting down in the studio, and also performed seated during the Rock'n'Roll Realschule concert and at times during the "Jenseits der Grenze des Zumutbaren" ("Beyond the Reasonable Limit") and "Unrockstar" tours.
Acting and other ventures
Bela B was the owner of the Leipzig comic book publisher Extrem Erfolgreich Enterprises (Extremely Successful Enterprises), which published horror comic books, including German versions of independent series such as "Faust" and "Satanika". Their titles also included their own publications such as "Schweinevogel" and a comic about Die Ärzte. In an interview with the Berlin magazine Zitty in September 2006, Bela B announced that he was giving up his publishing project.
As an author, Bela has written for the vampire anthology Liber Vampirorum: Last Blood and for comic books published by his publishing house.
Other hobbies include acting and he has appeared in many German television productions, including episodes of Alarm für Cobra 11 and Tatort, as well as in Gonger for the German television channel ProSieben in 2008 and in the film Ein Göttlicher Job. In 1985, Bela portrayed one of the main characters in Richy Guitar, a film about an aspiring rock band which also starred his Die Ärzte bandmates Farin Urlaub and Hans Runge. More recently, Bela played the lead role of concentration camp prisoner Hans Steinbrück in the 2004 film Edelweißpiraten. In 2005 Bela's acting roles included a role in the short film Kingz (directed by Benni Diez and Marinko Spahić), which was produced by the Film Academy Baden-Württemberg, as well as the role of Ronnie in Barbara Gebler's crime parody, Salamander. In 2007, Bela interviewed his favorite director, Quentin Tarantino, about the film Death Proof for the German newspaper Die Welt and later had a cameo role as a cinema usher in Tarantino's 2009 film Inglourious Basterds.
Bela's voice-over work includes the voice of Clay in the German version of the MTV cartoon television series Free for All. He also recorded the voices of various characters in the German version of the Danish film Terkel in Trouble. His work also includes several audio dramas, such as Faust vs. Mephisto alongside Thomas D from the German band Die Fantastischen Vier and the audiobook Venus in Furs with actress Catherine Flemming. He also recorded the audio version of a biography of Elvis Presley in 2007.
In early 2011, Bela recorded another audio book, Exit Mundi, a popular scientific book by the Dutch science journalist Maarten Keulemans discussing many possible and absurd end-of-world scenarios. The promotion tour took Bela on 15 venues, reading on stage in Germany, Austria and Switzerland. The tour also included gimmicks, such as Bela reading from the book to the tune of R.E.M.'s hit single "The End of the World as We Know It".
In 2019 Bela published his first novel, titled Scharnow.
Personal life
Bela B lives with his girlfriend Konstanze Habermann and their son in Hamburg.
He is a fan of the German football team FC St. Pauli. He is also a keen runner, having completed marathons in Hamburg and New York. In 2004, he completed the 20 km event in the 26th Ahrensburg Lümmellauf and the Dracula Transylvania Marathon from Sighişoara to Mediaş, Romania.
Bela B has also supported many anti-fascist projects, including the initiative "Kein Bock auf Nazis" (No Room for Nazis), which was started by the Berlin punk band ZSK. His anti-fascist stance has also been shown in songs such as "Schrei nach Liebe" (Cry for Love) and also "Deutsche, kauft nicht bei Nazis" (Germans, Don't Buy from Nazis). Bela made the latter available to download for free from his website.
Bela is also a big fan of The Simpsons and has expressed a wish to appear in the series.
Discography
Die Ärzte
Solo artist
Albums
Bingo (2006)
Code B (2009)
Bye (2014)
Bastard (2017)
Singles
Charting singles
Other singles
"Pogo Dancing" (1989) – with PVC
"Grönemeyer kann nicht tanzen" (1989) – as a producer for Wiglaf Droste's single
"Wir brauchen... Werner" (1990) – with Jan aka Farin Urlaub
"This Girl Was Made for Loving" (1997) – with Heike Makatsch, as Heike & Dirk for the soundtrack of "Obsession"
"Leave" (2000) – with Lula for the soundtrack of "Kaliber Deluxe"
"Chocolate for the Tears" (2000) – with Diane Lemonbaby for the soundtrack of "Kaliber Deluxe"
"You'll Never Walk Alone" (2002) – Bela B. & the Tikiwolves feat. Gary'o'Wolf (official FC St. Pauli hymn)
"Candy" (2002) – Killer Barbies feat. Bela B.
"Tanzverbot (Schill to Hell)" (2003) – with Fettes Brot
"Tag mit Schutzumschlag" (2006) – from "Bingo"
"1. 2. 3. ..." (2006) – featuring Charlotte Roche; from "Bingo"
"Fussball ist immer noch wichtig" (2006) – with Fettes Brot, Marcus Wiebusch of Kettcar and Carsten Friedrichs of Superpunk
"Sie hat was vermisst" (2006) – from "Bingo"
"Der Graf vs. Horrorpunks" (2007) – split-EP with Balzac
"Gitarre runter" (2007) – from "Bingo"
"Hölle" (2008) – K.I.Z feat. Bela B.
"Altes Arschloch Liebe" (2009) – from "Code B"
"Schwarz/Weiss" (2009) – from "Code B"
"Tag für Sieger" (2010)
"In diesem Leben" (download only) (2010) – from "Code B"
"Im Klub" (2013) – with Peta Devlin & Smokestack Lightnin'
"Abserviert" (2014) – from "Bye" with Peta Devlin & Smokestack Lightnin'
Other collaborations
"Ausgebombt" (German Version) (1989) – Sodom featuring Bela B.; for Sodom's EP "Ausgebombt"
"Requiem für Nossek" (1989) – The Incredible Hagen feat. Jan Vetter & Bela B.; for the soundtrack of "Lindenstraße", titled "Wir warten auf die Lindenstraße"
"Stand by Your Man" (1994) – The Waltons featuring Bela B.; for the album "Essential Country Bullshit"
"Donna Clara" (1995) – The Bates featuring Bela B. & Kill Kill Gaskrieg; for the album "Pleasure + Pain"
"Die Zeitmaschine" (1995) – with Rod Gonzalez as 2 Fickende Hunde for the Prollhead tribute album "Prollhead! fordert Tribut..."
"It's Only Love" (1996) – Stimpy featuring Bela B.; for the album "Dirty Love Affair"
"König von Deutschland" (1998) – C.I.A. featuring Bela B. and Axel Kurth; for the album "Codename Freibeuter"
"All This and More" (1998) – Mad Sin featuring Bela B.; for the album "...Sweet & Innocent? ...Loud & Dirty!"
"Dusty Crown" (1998) – as Mr. Felsenheimer & Perry Spinoza Gang; for the compilation "Der FC St. Pauli ist schuld..."
"It's a Good Life" (2000) – Chainsaw Hollies featuring Bela B.
"Are You Ready for Some Darkness?" (2001) – with Denim Girl aka Jasmin Wagner for "Alpha Motherfuckers – A Tribute to Turbonegro"
"Gerechtigkeit" (2001) – Die Göttlichen feat. Bela B.; for the soundtrack of "Ein göttlicher Job"
"Bad Capricorn" (2003) – The Yucca Spiders featuring Bela B.; for the album "Zodiac"
"Dee Dee's Dead" (2004) – Ramonez 77 featuring Bela B.; for the album "Rest in Pace"
"Für immer Christ" (2004) – Jesus Skins featuring Bela B.; for the split-album with Jewdriver, "Neuer Wein/Hail the Jew Dawn"
"Operation Dance Sensation" (2005) – Bela B. & ZZZ Hacker feat. DJ Wolfgang Jack; for the soundtrack of "Operation Dance Sensation"
"Meister aller Frauenärzte" (2005) – with Rod Gonzalez as 2 Fickende Hunde for the Die Kassierer tribute album "Kunst! 20 Jahre die Kassierer"
"Who Will Save Rock'n'Roll?" (2005) – Gigantor featuring Bela B., Doro Pesch and Olga of Toy Dolls; for the album "G7"
"Iron in My Soul" & "No Cure for the Undead" (2005) – Smoke Blow featuring Bela B.; for the album "Dark Angel"
"The First Song of the Day" (2006) – with Lee Hazlewood; for the album "Cake or Death" (it is actually the same song as "Lee Hazlewood & das erste Lied des Tages" from "Bingo" but with an English title)
"I Want" (2008) – with Lula for her debut album "Lost in Reverie"
Audio books
Die Nixe/The Mermaid (Christa Fast) (1992)
Die Brautprinzessin (2002)
The KLF der schnelle Weg zum Nr. 1 Hit (2003)
Gabriel Burns – Folge 6, Die Totenmaschine (as barkeeper) (2004)
Thomas D vs. Bela B – Faust vs. Mephisto (2004)
Venus im Pelz (2005)
Böse Nacht Geschichten (2005)
Captain Berlin vs. Dracula (from Jörg Buttgereit) (2006)
Vampira-Hörspiel-Reihe by Lübbe Audio (2006)
Last Train to Memphis (part 1 of an Elvis Presley biography written by Peter Guralnick) (2007)
Careless Love (part 2 of an Elvis Presley biography written by Peter Guralnick) (2007)
Kill your friends (by John Niven) (2009)
Exit Mundi – die besten Weltuntergänge (by Maarten Keulemans & A.W. Bruna Uitgevers) (2011)
Sartana – noch warm und schon Sand drauf (based on a 1970 Spaghetti Western) (2016)
Filmography
SinnFilm (1980)
Edith Schröder – eine deutsche Hausfrau (1981)
Manne – the Muwi (1981)
Captain Berlin – Retter der Welt (1982)
Richy Guitar (1985)
Der Todesking (1989)
Over the Rainbow (1998)
Nass (1999)
Salamander (1999)
Laila – Unsterblich verliebt (2000)
Kaliber Deluxe (2000)
Ein göttlicher Job (2000)
Nachts im Park (2001)
Puzzle Punk (2002)
Tatort: Totentanz (2002)
The Killer Barbies Versus Dracula (2002)
Kinder der Nacht 2 (2002)
Honey Baby (2002)
Space Wolf (2002)
Höhenluft (2002)
Garden of Love (2003)
Nikos the Impaler (2003), cameo
Operation Dance Sensation (2003)
Kein Blut. Nirgends. Eine romantische Axtmördergeschichte (2003)
Alarm für Cobra 11 – Die Autobahnpolizei
Feuertaufe (2003)
Für Immer und Ewig (2004)
Edelweiss Pirates (2004)
No Snow (2005)
Kingz (2005)
Sportsman of the Century (2005)
Vineta (2005)
Wilsberg: Todesengel (2005)
Kampfansage – Der letzte Schüler (2005)
Terkel in Trouble (2005), voice-over for every character in the film, plus all songs in German
Free for All (2005) (voice-over)
Deichking (2006)
Kein Bock auf Nazis (2006) (documentary DVD)
Dittsche – Das wirklich wahre Leben (2006)
Bye Bye Harry! (2006)
Nachtschicht – Der Ausbruch (2007)
Video Kings (2007)
Die drei Räuber (2007)
Zimbl – A Real Cool Time, documentary about Markus "Zimbl" Zimmer from The Bates (2008)
Gonger – Das Böse vergisst nie (2009)Olli Schulz – Mach den Bibo (2009)Inglourious Basterds'', cameo as cinema usher (2009)
References
Further reading
External links
Official website
Official Die Ärzte website
The Big Felsenheimer – Bela B. internet encyclopedia (in German)
1962 births
Living people
German drummers
Male drummers
German male musicians
German male singers
Male actors from Berlin
German anti-fascists
Musicians from Berlin
People from Spandau
Klaasville is an unincorporated community in Hanover Township, Lake County, Indiana.
History
A post office was established at Klaasville in 1882, and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1902. The community was named for the German American Klaas family of pioneer settlers.
Geography
Klaasville is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Lake County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
The Braille pattern dots-145 ( ) is a 6-dot braille cell with both top and the middle right dots raised, or an 8-dot braille cell with both top and the upper-middle right dots raised. It is represented by the Unicode code point U+2819, and in Braille ASCII with D.
Unified Braille
In unified international braille, the braille pattern dots-145 is used to represent a voiced dental or alveolar plosive, such as /d/ or /d̪/, and is otherwise assigned as needed.
Table of unified braille values
Other braille
Plus dots 7 and 8
Related to Braille pattern dots-145 are Braille patterns 1457, 1458, and 14578, which are used in 8-dot braille systems, such as Gardner-Salinas and Luxembourgish Braille.
Related 8-dot kantenji patterns
In the Japanese kantenji braille, the standard 8-dot Braille patterns 256, 1256, 2456, and 12456 are the patterns related to Braille pattern dots-145, since the two additional dots of kantenji patterns 0145, 1457, and 01457 are placed above the base 6-dot cell, instead of below, as in standard 8-dot braille.
Kantenji using braille patterns 256, 1256, 2456, or 12456
This listing includes kantenji using Braille pattern dots-145 for all 6349 kanji found in JIS C 6226-1978.
- 性
Variants and thematic compounds
- る/忄 + selector 1 = 壱
- selector 4 + る/忄 = 甘
- selector 5 + る/忄 = 侖
- selector 6 + る/忄 = 婁
- 数 + #4 = 四
Compounds of 性 and 忄
- る/忄 + ほ/方 = 忙
- る/忄 + て/扌 = 快
- る/忄 + お/頁 = 怏
- る/忄 + し/巿 = 怖
- る/忄 + け/犬 = 怪
- る/忄 + こ/子 = 怯
- る/忄 + ⺼ = 恤
- る/忄 + や/疒 = 恨
- る/忄 + 龸 = 悋
- る/忄 + か/金 = 悍
- る/忄 + は/辶 = 悔
- る/忄 + む/車 = 悛
- る/忄 + れ/口 = 悟
- る/忄 + 宿 = 悦
- る/忄 + ち/竹 = 悩
- る/忄 + と/戸 = 悼
- る/忄 + せ/食 = 情
- る/忄 + 心 = 惚
- る/忄 + ね/示 = 惜
- る/忄 + い/糹/#2 = 惟
- る/忄 + う/宀/#3 = 惨
- る/忄 + ら/月 = 惰
- る/忄 + ぬ/力 = 惻
- る/忄 + ゆ/彳 = 愉
- る/忄 + に/氵 = 慄
- る/忄 + く/艹 = 慌
- る/忄 + め/目 = 慎
- る/忄 + ま/石 = 慢
- る/忄 + つ/土 = 慣
- る/忄 + 仁/亻 = 慨
- る/忄 + そ/馬 = 憎
- る/忄 + の/禾 = 憐
- る/忄 + ふ/女 = 憤
- る/忄 + り/分 = 憧
- る/忄 + も/門 = 憫
- る/忄 + な/亻 = 憶
- る/忄 + ひ/辶 = 憾
- る/忄 + 囗 = 懊
- る/忄 + る/忄 = 懐
- る/忄 + る/忄 + る/忄 = 懷
- る/忄 + 比 + し/巿 = 忖
- る/忄 + そ/馬 + selector 4 = 忤
- る/忄 + 宿 + お/頁 = 忰
- る/忄 + 宿 + 龸 = 忱
- る/忄 + selector 3 + そ/馬 = 忸
- る/忄 + 比 + を/貝 = 忻
- る/忄 + 日 = 恒
- る/忄 + み/耳 = 懺
- る/忄 + る/忄 = 懐
- る/忄 + も/門 + selector 5 = 怐
- る/忄 + 日 + selector 1 = 怕
- る/忄 + れ/口 + ろ/十 = 怙
- る/忄 + selector 4 + 日 = 怛
- る/忄 + 仁/亻 + ろ/十 = 怜
- る/忄 + selector 4 + な/亻 = 怡
- る/忄 + り/分 + か/金 = 怦
- る/忄 + と/戸 + 仁/亻 = 怩
- る/忄 + 宿 + め/目 = 怫
- る/忄 + 氷/氵 + selector 4 = 怺
- る/忄 + 日 + す/発 = 恂
- る/忄 + つ/土 + し/巿 = 恃
- る/忄 + 宿 + ぬ/力 = 恊
- る/忄 + 龸 + selector 2 = 恍
- る/忄 + 宿 + も/門 = 恟
- る/忄 + ろ/十 + つ/土 = 恠
- る/忄 + よ/广 + 火 = 恢
- る/忄 + る/忄 + 日 = 恆
- る/忄 + る/忄 + ち/竹 = 惱
- る/忄 + る/忄 + め/目 = 愼
- る/忄 + る/忄 + う/宀/#3 = 慘
- selector 1 + る/忄 + み/耳 = 懴
- る/忄 + す/発 + れ/口 = 恪
- る/忄 + 囗 + と/戸 = 恫
- る/忄 + れ/口 + せ/食 = 恬
- る/忄 + り/分 + 囗 = 恰
- る/忄 + 宿 + ら/月 = 悁
- る/忄 + 囗 + き/木 = 悃
- る/忄 + そ/馬 + ⺼ = 悄
- る/忄 + ゆ/彳 + 宿 = 悌
- る/忄 + 囗 + ひ/辶 = 悒
- る/忄 + 宿 + ろ/十 = 悖
- る/忄 + ぬ/力 + 宿 = 悗
- る/忄 + き/木 + 数 = 悚
- る/忄 + の/禾 + ぬ/力 = 悧
- る/忄 + お/頁 + ろ/十 = 悴
- る/忄 + selector 4 + と/戸 = 悵
- る/忄 + の/禾 + こ/子 = 悸
- る/忄 + ふ/女 + さ/阝 = 悽
- る/忄 + 囗 + つ/土 = 惆
- る/忄 + 龸 + こ/子 = 惇
- る/忄 + け/犬 + さ/阝 = 惓
- る/忄 + selector 5 + ほ/方 = 惘
- る/忄 + を/貝 + selector 5 = 惧
- る/忄 + 宿 + の/禾 = 惴
- る/忄 + 日 + へ/⺩ = 惶
- る/忄 + 日 + い/糹/#2 = 惺
- る/忄 + の/禾 + 火 = 愀
- る/忄 + う/宀/#3 + 日 = 愃
- る/忄 + 宿 + す/発 = 愎
- る/忄 + 宿 + け/犬 = 愕
- る/忄 + 宿 + こ/子 = 愡
- る/忄 + お/頁 + に/氵 = 愧
- る/忄 + り/分 + お/頁 = 愴
- る/忄 + も/門 + selector 1 = 愾
- る/忄 + り/分 + け/犬 = 慊
- る/忄 + 宿 + ⺼ = 慍
- る/忄 + に/氵 + ね/示 = 慓
- る/忄 + 龸 + む/車 = 慚
- る/忄 + り/分 + ぬ/力 = 慟
- る/忄 + は/辶 + く/艹 = 慥
- る/忄 + 宿 + 数 = 慯
- る/忄 + 宿 + て/扌 = 慱
- る/忄 + つ/土 + す/発 = 慳
- る/忄 + む/車 + 日 = 慴
- る/忄 + よ/广 + 囗 = 慵
- る/忄 + よ/广 + ゆ/彳 = 慷
- る/忄 + い/糹/#2 + 火 = 憔
- る/忄 + れ/口 + れ/口 = 憚
- る/忄 + 日 + れ/口 = 憬
- る/忄 + む/車 + 火 = 憮
- る/忄 + 宿 + 日 = 憺
- る/忄 + れ/口 + う/宀/#3 = 懆
- る/忄 + 囗 + そ/馬 = 懈
- る/忄 + 宿 + た/⽥ = 懌
- る/忄 + 囗 + れ/口 = 懍
- る/忄 + ち/竹 + の/禾 = 懦
- る/忄 + お/頁 + 数 = 懶
- る/忄 + 宿 + い/糹/#2 = 懼
- る/忄 + 龸 + け/犬 = 懽
- る/忄 + み/耳 + み/耳 = 懾
Compounds of 㣺 and 心
- 仁/亻 + る/忄 = 偲
- れ/口 + る/忄 = 唸
- き/木 + る/忄 = 忌
- け/犬 + る/忄 = 忝
- こ/子 + る/忄 = 恭
- そ/馬 + る/忄 = 惣
- く/艹 + る/忄 = 慕
- め/目 + る/忄 = 懸
- て/扌 + る/忄 = 捻
- 氷/氵 + る/忄 = 添
- の/禾 + る/忄 = 穏
- さ/阝 + る/忄 = 隠
- る/忄 + selector 6 + さ/阝 = 怎
- る/忄 + 仁/亻 + に/氵 = 恁
- る/忄 + 氷/氵 + ん/止 = 恣
- る/忄 + な/亻 + き/木 = 恷
- る/忄 + ろ/十 + め/目 = 悳
- る/忄 + け/犬 + 日 = 惷
- る/忄 + く/艹 + 数 = 惹
- る/忄 + 宿 + ゆ/彳 = 愆
- る/忄 + み/耳 + ん/止 = 愍
- る/忄 + つ/土 + ゑ/訁 = 愨
- る/忄 + ら/月 + は/辶 = 愬
- る/忄 + よ/广 + selector 1 = 愿
- る/忄 + 宿 + つ/土 = 慂
- る/忄 + む/車 + を/貝 = 慙
- る/忄 + も/門 + 数 = 慝
- る/忄 + ゆ/彳 + よ/广 = 慫
- る/忄 + た/⽥ + ん/止 = 慾
- る/忄 + な/亻 + ひ/辶 = 憊
- る/忄 + き/木 + な/亻 = 憖
- る/忄 + つ/土 + 囗 = 憙
- る/忄 + selector 1 + よ/广 = 懋
- る/忄 + に/氵 + め/目 = 懣
- の/禾 + の/禾 + る/忄 = 穩
- さ/阝 + さ/阝 + る/忄 = 隱
- る/忄 + 宿 + ん/止 = 懿
Compounds of 壱
- る/忄 + る/忄 + selector 1 = 壹
- れ/口 + る/忄 + selector 1 = 噎
- ほ/方 + る/忄 + selector 1 = 殪
- せ/食 + る/忄 + selector 1 = 饐
- #1 + る/忄 + selector 1 = 弌
Compounds of 甘
- せ/食 + る/忄 = 甜
- ゐ/幺 + る/忄 = 紺
- る/忄 + き/木 = 某
- ゑ/訁 + る/忄 = 謀
- 火 + る/忄 = 煤
- ふ/女 + る/忄 = 媒
- 心 + る/忄 + き/木 = 楳
- つ/土 + selector 4 + る/忄 = 坩
- て/扌 + selector 4 + る/忄 = 拑
- ち/竹 + selector 4 + る/忄 = 箝
- 心 + selector 4 + る/忄 = 柑
- や/疒 + selector 4 + る/忄 = 疳
- む/車 + selector 4 + る/忄 = 蚶
- さ/阝 + selector 4 + る/忄 = 邯
- せ/食 + selector 4 + る/忄 = 酣
- か/金 + selector 4 + る/忄 = 鉗
- 龸 + selector 4 + る/忄 = 甞
Compounds of 侖
- な/亻 + る/忄 = 倫
- え/訁 + る/忄 = 論
- む/車 + る/忄 = 輪
- や/疒 + 龸 + る/忄 = 崘
- や/疒 + う/宀/#3 + る/忄 = 崙
- き/木 + 宿 + る/忄 = 棆
- に/氵 + 宿 + る/忄 = 淪
- い/糹/#2 + 宿 + る/忄 = 綸
Compounds of 婁
- い/糹/#2 + る/忄 = 縷
- な/亻 + 宿 + る/忄 = 僂
- や/疒 + 宿 + る/忄 = 瘻
- ち/竹 + 宿 + る/忄 = 簍
- む/車 + 宿 + る/忄 = 螻
- ね/示 + 宿 + る/忄 = 褸
- か/金 + 宿 + る/忄 = 鏤
Compounds of 四
- に/氵 + 数 + る/忄 = 泗
- そ/馬 + 数 + る/忄 = 駟
Other compounds
- き/木 + 数 + る/忄 = 楞
- と/戸 + る/忄 = 屡
- よ/广 + る/忄 = 庵
- す/発 + る/忄 = 罨
- つ/土 + る/忄 = 壊
- へ/⺩ + る/忄 = 環
- ひ/辶 + る/忄 = 還
- 囗 + 宿 + る/忄 = 圜
- つ/土 + つ/土 + る/忄 = 壞
- う/宀/#3 + 宿 + る/忄 = 寰
- か/金 + 龸 + る/忄 = 鐶
- と/戸 + う/宀/#3 + る/忄 = 鬟
Notes
Braille patterns
Manfred Berro (born 16 May 1966 in Zeitz) is a German slalom canoeist who competed from the late 1980s to late 1990s. He won three bronze medals at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships in the C2 team event (1991, 1995, 1997). He also won a gold medal in the same event at the 1996 European Championships.
Competing in two Summer Olympics, he earned his best finish of fourth in the C2 event in Atlanta in 1996.
His partner in the boat throughout the whole of active his career was Michael Trummer.
World Cup individual podiums
References
Sports-Reference.com profile
1966 births
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Canoeists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
German male canoeists
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Germany
Medalists at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships
People from Zeitz
Sportspeople from Saxony-Anhalt
Jean Effel, real name François Lejeune (12 February 1908 – 10 October 1982), was a French painter, caricaturist, illustrator and journalist. Mostly he considered himself to be a journalist and political commentator. His pseudonym is created by his initials F. L.
Life
Effel was born in Paris and graduated in art, music and philosophy. Despite all efforts and wishes of his father to take over his merchant trade, Effel chose path of a professional artist. Often he drew for French newspaper l'Humanité and he is also author of illustrations of Jean de La Fontaine fables.
The cartoon cycle The Creation of the World is considered to be his greatest work (It was filmed in 1957 by director E. Hofman). The entire cycle includes five books: Le Ciel et la Terre (Sky and earth), Les Plantes et Animaux (Plants and animals), L'Homme (Man), La Femme (Woman) and Le Roman d'Adam et Eve (Story of Adam and Eve). Among his important works are also the collection of anti-fascist caricatures from 1935 and the book of cartoons When Animals Still Talked from 1953.
Effel's paintings are easily readable, fresh, humorous and novel, and carry his recognizable curly signature often with a little daisy in the lower right corner that shows the author's kind view of the world.
Jean Effel had close relation to the USSR and Czechoslovakia, and was the longstanding chairman of the Company of French-Czechoslovak Friendship. He received the Lenin Peace Prize in 1967. He died in Paris in 1982.
Jean Effel was celebrated by the French Postal service in a 4FF stamp issued on 5 October 1983.
Work
1935 – collection of antifascist caricatures
1944 – Turelune le Cornepipeux – fairy tale
1945 – La Création du Monde
1953 – When Animals Still Talked
References
External links
1908 births
1982 deaths
Artists from Paris
20th-century French painters
20th-century male artists
French male painters
French caricaturists
French illustrators
Lenin Peace Prize recipients
Writers from Paris
French male writers
Recipients of the Order of Friendship of Peoples
20th-century French journalists
Daniel Hechter Paris is a French fashion and lifestyle brand with 45 licensees worldwide. It sells men's and women's wear, accessories, and consumer goods. Since 1998, the former licensee - Otto Aurach ltd., headquartered in Miltenberg (Germany) - owns the rights for the trademark.
History
In 1962, the French fashion designer Daniel Hechter published his first women's collection. Three years later, he added a children's line and completed the fashion range with the men's line in 1968. These collections made him become popular as the inventor of ready- to - wear or Prêt-à-porter fashion. After a few years, these collections were expanded into sports, relaxation, and leisure wear. Eyewear, perfume, pens, and consumer goods followed, then watches and leather goods joined the product range. The most significant license of Daniel Hechter Paris is for shoes: Among the accessories, it generates the biggest turnover. The licensee for this segment is the German shoe manufacturer Erich Rohde ltd.
In 1998, a change of ownership was made when the former licensee Otto Aurach ltd., headquartered in the German town of Miltenberg, got the rights of the trademark. It restructured and modified the brand to advance its international development and broadened the product range: The latest licenses have been allocated for umbrellas and cufflinks. Most products are produced offshore in Asia.
Figures and positioning
The biggest part of annual turnover is generated by the fashion segments, about 90%. 80% of the fashion revenue is from men's garments, 20% is generated by the female equivalent. The remaining 10% of the total annual turnover result from the sale of accessories, among which shoes are the most significant segment. The most significant market for the brand is Europe, followed by Africa and Asia.
The brand is available at about 2,000 locations worldwide, among them 380 Monolabel stores. Every year, two collections are published in every segment.
References
External links
Official website
French brands
Marxist ethics is a doctrine of morality and ethics that is based on, or derived from, Marxist philosophy. Marx did not directly write about ethical issues and has often been portrayed by subsequent Marxists as a descriptive philosopher rather than a moralist. Despite this, many Marxist theoreticians have sought to develop often conflicting systems of normative ethics based around the principles of historical and dialectical materialism, and Marx's analysis of the capitalist mode of production.
By school of thought
Marxism-Leninism
The official Soviet interpretation of Marx's writings holds that morality, like other forms of ideology, is of a class character and is manifested in people's behavior in different ways throughout different historical conditions in accordance with the interests of what classes or social strata a person occupies.
The main methodological principles of Marxist-Leninist ethics are materialism and dialectics. Marxist–Leninist ethics is materialist: the ideals, standards and virtues prevailing in society are interpreted as a reflection of actually existing interpersonal (value) relations, an expression of interests and requirements of social groups and classes. Morality is not reduced to an ethical ideology that has isolated itself from the world and lays claim to absolute value. Marxist ethics describes morality as a property of one's behavior conditioned by social and historical existence as those moral values that bring together (or force apart) living individuals.
Marxist–Leninist ethics is dialectical: it maintains that like morality as a whole, each of its manifestations, each standard, and virtue, is in perpetual motion, emerging, developing, disappearing, passing from one qualitative state to another. Torn out of the concrete historical process, morality in general simply does not exist. Each type of morality is socially and historically conditioned—this is the fundamental tenet of Marxist ethics. The objective core of morality conveys the character of definite social relations—relations of ownership of the means of production, the interaction of the various classes and social groups and the forms of distribution and exchange. It follows from this that morality has class content. If the nature of social bonds determines the essence of morality (and in a class society these bonds manifest themselves, first and foremost, in the relations between classes), then the morality reflecting them has a class stamp.
Any conception of human rights, to the Marxist-Leninist, are viewed as conceptual constructs granted to the individual by the emergent ideology of the collective. As a result, the Soviet state's treatment of human rights was very different from conceptions prevalent in the West. The state was considered to be the source of human rights, conditionally granted to the individual, whereas Western law claimed the opposite. Therefore, the Soviet legal system regarded law as an arm of politics and courts as agencies of the government. Extensive extra-judiciary powers were given to the Soviet secret police agencies and in practice, there was virtually no separation of powers.
Marxist humanism
In contrast, adherents of Marxist humanism consider Marxism to be a normative philosophy grounded in a moral sentiment of secular humanism. They reject the positivistic interpretation of Marxism as an objective social science and instead see it as an ideological product of class interest in itself with a motivated goal of human emancipation and reconciliation from alienation. Marxist humanists derive many of the philosophical foundations that they use to orient the human subject's relation to history from the Economic and Philosophic Manuscripts of 1844, which were not published until 1932, well after the canonization of Marx's works by Soviet authorities. These texts provide a critique of capitalism on the basis of its alienating properties from a static conception of human essence. Many humanists also emphasize Marx's doctrine of the unity of theory and practice, and therefore reject the mechanistic determinism of Soviet Marxism, providing a space for human agency in the development of history, and viewing socialist revolution as the "realization of philosophy". For Marxist humanists, Marx articulates a concept of species-being (Gattungswesen), according to which Man's essential nature is that of a free producer, engaging in labor to reproduce his own conditions of life. In capitalist society, and in prior economic arrangements, the freedom of the individual is hindered by wage-labor and emasculating relations of production that can only be overcome by participation in class struggle and eventually, revolution. For humanists, history is the process by which Man acquires more and more control of blind natural forces and produces a humanized natural environment, thus externalizing his inner essence for one another. In a classless society, therefore, ethics thus lose their class-relative nature and broad interests become unified amongst all human beings, therefore producing an ideologically homogenous system of ethics that contributes to maximize human thriving through the principle of reciprocity, as is the immaterial purpose of material liberation.
References
Bibliography
Howard Selsam. Socialism and Ethics. New York: International Publishers. 1943.
Howard Selsam. Ethics and Progress: New Values in a Revolutionary World. New York: International Publishers. 1965.
Ethics. Ed. by A.I. Titarenko. Translated from the Russian by Natalia Belskaya. Moscow: Progress Publishers, 1989, .
Galina Kirilenko and Lydia Korshunova. What Is Personality? Moscow: Progress Publishers. 1989.
A Dictionary of Ethics. Moscow: Progress Publishers. 1990.
Marxism
David Meekison (November 14, 1849February 12, 1915) was an American lawyer and politician who served as a two-term U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1897 to 1901.
Early life and career
Born in Dundee, Scotland, Meekison immigrated to the United States in 1855 with his parents, who settled in Napoleon, Ohio. He attended the common schools and was then apprenticed to the printer's trade. He served with the artillery in the United States Army 1866–1869.
After mustering out of the service, Meekison returned to Napoleon and studied law. He was appointed city clerk in 1872.
He was admitted to the bar in 1873 and commenced practice in Napoleon, Ohio.
He served as prosecuting attorney of Henry County 1873–1879.
Probate judge 1881–1888.
He served as delegate to the Democratic National Convention in 1884.
He engaged in banking. He established the Meekison Bank at Napoleon in 1886. He served as mayor of Napoleon 1890–1897.
Congress
Meekison was elected as a Democrat to the Fifty-fifth and Fifty-sixth Congresses (March 4, 1897 – March 3, 1901). He was not a candidate for renomination in 1900 and subsequently resumed the practice of his profession. He also engaged in banking.
Family life
He married Clara E. Bowers of Napoleon, August 24, 1881, and she and four children survived him.
Death
He died in Napoleon, Ohio, February 12, 1915, and was interred in Glenwood Cemetery.
References
Retrieved on 2009-5-16
1849 births
1915 deaths
People from Napoleon, Ohio
People from Dundee
United States Army soldiers
Ohio lawyers
Mayors of places in Ohio
Scottish emigrants to the United States
19th-century American politicians
Politicians from Dundee
19th-century American lawyers
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Bagot Well (previously Bagot's Well) is a locality around 6 km north-east of Kapunda, South Australia on the road to Eudunda and was named for Captain C. H. Bagot, who owned a great deal of property in the area.
Bagot Well as a place began as a well sunk by Captain Bagot which became available for public use in 1855. On 5 December 1940, it was renamed from Bagot's Well to Bagot Well. On 16 March 2000, boundaries for the locality were created for the "long established name."
Bagot Well was served by the Morgan railway line from when it was extended from Kapunda in 1878. The line closed in 1994, but passenger service had ceased much earlier and freight trains carrying bulk grain from Eudunda to Port Adelaide did not stop there.
The Postcode for Bagot Well is 5373.
The 2016 Australian census which was conducted in August 2016 reports that Bagot Well had a population of 84 people.
References
Towns in South Australia
HomeFund was a scheme set up by the New South Wales state government and operated through co-operative housing societies that allowed people who would not otherwise be able to afford a home to take out loans that would allow them to purchase a home. The scheme was especially targeted at public housing tenants.
The scheme was originally set up by the Labor Party government of Neville Wran in the mid-1980s. Problems started to emerge when the then-new Coalition government of Nick Greiner raised public housing rents and started to market more aggressively toward public housing tenants, with some people receiving 30-year loans even though they were already aged into their 70s and 80s. Interest rates for the scheme rose to around 15.9%, which was somewhat consistent with what other home loan lenders were charging at the time but out of reach of most HomeFund borrowers, with in many cases repayments not even covering interest.
As a result of this, the scheme was restructured in 1993 with the appointment of a HomeFund commissioner to deal with complaints and a program to either move loans to commercial lenders or cap interest rates.
References
Government of New South Wales
Housing in Australia
North University of China (NUC; ) is a university based in Taiyuan, Shanxi province, China. It was formerly known as North China Institute of Technology from 1993 to 2004. Founded on September 8, 1941 as Taihang Industrial School, and renamed Taiyuan Institute of Machinery in 1958, the university played an important role in the weaponry development and personnel training for the PLA during the Second Sino-Japanese War and the Chinese Civil War. In 2001, senior Party official Bo Yibo wrote the inscription "The First School for People's Ordnance" (人民兵工第一校) at the 60th anniversary of the university.
History
NUC was formerly known as Taihang Industrial School, founded by the general headquarters of the Eighth Route Army in 1941. The first president was Liu Ding who was in charge of United Front at the time.
Early history
In 1949: The school was relocated to current address and renamed North China Vocational School of Ordnance (华北兵工职业学校). A few years later the name was changed to Taiyuan Machinery Manufacturing Industry School.
In 1958: The school was promoted to a college with the name changed to Taiyuan Institute of Machinery.
Amalgamation
In 1961: With approval from the State Council and Central Military Commission, the faculty, students, laboratory equipment, library materials of four departments related to conventional weapons (artillery, automatic weapons, ammunition, fuses) from Beijing Industrial College (北京工业学院) were merged into Taiyuan Institute of Machinery.
In 1962: Two departments related to conventional weapons (gunpowder, explosives) from Shenyang Institute of Technology (沈阳工学院) were merged into Taiyuan Institute of Machinery.
In 1963: Transferred under administration of the National Defense Science, Technology and Industry Committee and became one of the Eight Colleges of Defense Industry at that time.
In 1971: Transferred under administration of the 5th Department of Machinery Industry. The institute was temporarily shut down in July of the same year due to Cultural Revolution.
In 1993: Renamed North China Institute of Technology
In 2004: Renamed North University of China
The Eight Colleges of Defense Industry (ca. 1963)
Harbin Institute of Technology (哈尔滨工业大学)
Beijing Industrial College (北京工业学院). Renamed in 1988 as Beijing Institute of Technology (北京理工大学).
Beijing Aviation Institute (北京航空学院). Renamed in 1988 as Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics (北京航空航天大学), and renamed (only in English) in 2002 as Beihang University.
Shanghai Jiao Tong University (上海交通大学)
Northwestern Polytechnical University (西北工业大学)
Chengdu Institute of Telecommunications Engineering (成都电讯工程学院). Renamed in 1988 as University of Electronic Science and Technology of China (电子科技大学).
Nanjing Industrial College (南京航空学院). Renamed in 1993 as Nanjing Aeronautics and Astronautics University (南京航空航天大学).
Taiyuan Institute of Machinery (太原机械学院). Renamed in 2004 to its present name, North University of China (中北大学).
Organization
List of presidents
Liu Ding (刘鼎)（May 1941 to Sep. 1943）
Liu Baoyin (牛宝印)（Feb. 1946 to July 1946）
Di Yaozong (邸耀宗)（August 1949 to Oct. 1952）
Li Ruikang (厉瑞康)（Oct. 1952 to March 1981）
He Yuanhai (何源海)（March 1981 to Dec. 1984）
Zu Jing (祖静)（Dec. 1984 to April 1995）
Yu Shiqian (俞士谦)（April 1995 to Oct. 2000）
Zhang Wendong (张文栋)（Oct. 2000 to Dec. 2009）
Jia Suotang (贾锁堂)（Jan. 2010 to August 2010）
Liu Youzhi (刘有智)（August 2012 to March 2018）
Shen Xingquan（沈兴全）(March 2018 up to now)
Schools and Departments
1. School of Mechatronic Engineering
Department of Mechatronic Control Engineering
Department of Vehicle and Motive Force Engineering
Department of Power Mechanical Engineering
2. School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation
Department of Mechanical Engineering
Department of Industrial Engineering
Department of Process Control
Department of Mechanical Automation
3. School of Material Science and Engineering
Department of Material Science
Department of Material Manufacture Engineering
4. School of Chemical Engineering and Environment
Department of Chemical Engineering
Department of Safety Engineering
Department of Environmental Engineering
5. School of Information and Communication Engineering
Department of Electronic Engineering
Department of Information Engineering
Department of Communication Engineering
Department of Electric Engineering
6. School of Electronic and Computer Science and Technology
Department of Electronic Science and Technology
Department of Computer Science and Technology
Department of Network Engineering
7. School of Science
Department of Mathematics
Department of Physics
Department of Chemistry
Department of Mechanics
8. School of Humanities and Social Sciences
Department of Law
Department of Foreign Languages
Department of Journalism and Communication
Department of Political and Administrative Science
9. School of Economics and Management
Department of Economics
Department of Management
10. School of Sports and Art
Department of Sports
Department of Art
Department of Music
13. Software School
Department of Software Engineering
Department of Network Engineering
Department of Information Technology
12. Graduate School
13. College of Continuing Education
Independent Colleges
College of Information and Business
Research
North University of China was authorized by the State Council to confer M.S. degree in 1981 and Ph.D. in 1998. At present, the university has the right to confer M.S. degrees in 20 disciplines, and Ph.D.s in 4 disciplines. The university has 8 provincial and ministerial key disciplines, including Mechanical Manufacturing and Its Automation, Mechatronic Engineering, Test and Measurement Technology and Instrumentation, Materials Processing Engineering, Applied Chemistry, Special Mechanical System and Its Application Engineering, Energy Materials Engineering, and Precision Instrument and Mechanism. Over the years, with conditions for teaching and scientific research greatly improved, these disciplines have been playing the leading role, driving and promoting the development of other aspects.
Test and Measurement Technology and Instrumentations
In the evaluation by China University Alumni Association, 21st Century Talents, and University Weekly, NUC ranks 1st in this discipline in China universities 2006. There are national and provincial key laboratories in this discipline.
A research team composed of 10 doctorate supervisors, 18 professors, 19 associate professors or senior engineers engages itself in the discipline. Most members enjoy the Special Allowance by the State Council. Over the years great academic results, including 20 national and ministerial or provincial awards, have been achieved. At present over 40 national, ministerial and provincial research projects are under way.
Major research interests include:
A. dynamic testing technology and intelligent instruments;
B. Photoelectric Probing Theory and Technology;
C. Special-type Sensing Theory and Technology;
D. Modern Instrumentation and Testing Theory and Technology.
Precision Instrumentations and Machinery
Precision Instrumentations and Machinery is one of Shanxi provincial key disciplines.
A research team composed of 8 doctorate supervisors, 12 professors, 10 associate professors or senior engineers engages itself in the discipline. In recent years, 11 awards for scientific and technological achievements at national, ministerial or provincial level have been granted to the discipline.
Research institutes and laboratories in the discipline include: Micrometer and Nanometer Technology Research Center, Research Institute of Optoelectronic Information Technology, and Laboratory of Mechatronic Technology.
Major research interests include:
A. Design and Manufacturing Technology of Precision Instrumentations and Machinery;
B. Optoelectronic Instruments and Equipment;
C. Internal Structure Detecting Techniques for Industrial Purposes;
D. Detecting and Control Technology;
E. Inertia Space Sensing;
F. Test and Control Technology;
G. Advanced Micro-Nano Parts and System Technology;
H. Photoelectric Technology;
I. Non-destructive Test Technology.
Artillery, Automatic Gun and Ammunition Engineering
Artillery, Automatic Gun and Ammunition Engineering is one of Shanxi provincial key disciplines.
A research team composed of 15 doctorate supervisors, 2 members of China Academy of Engineering, 23 professors, and 23 associate professors, or senior engineers. In recent years, dozens of national, ministerial or provincial research projects have been accomplished and 53 projects are under way.
Major research interests include:
A. Weapon Structures Design and Dynamic Research;
B. Weapons Testing Technology;
C. Warhead Structures and Control Technology;
D. Warhead Terminal Effect and Anti-Penetrating Technology.
Weapon System and Application Engineering
Weapon System and Application Engineering is one of Shanxi provincial key disciplines.
A research team composed of 6 doctorate supervisors, 18 professors and 27 associate professors, many of them being noted experts in ordnance and aerospace organizations, engages itself in the discipline. In recent years, over 30 awards for scientific and technological achievements at national, ministerial or provincial level have been granted to the discipline.
Major research interests include:
A. Weapon Safety Engineering;
B. Design of Weapon Systems and Their Key Subsystems;
C. Weapon System Confrontation Technology;
D. Precision Guidance and Control of Conventional Warheads.
Applied Chemistry
Applied Chemistry is a key discipline at ministerial level.
A research team composed of 5 doctorate supervisors, 12 professors and 10 associate professors engages itself in the discipline.
Major research interests include:
A. Special Energy Chemistry and Application;
B. Synthetic Fine Chemical Products and Their Application;
C. Functional Polymer Materials;
D. Multiphase Fluid Mass in High-gravity Field;
E. Ultra-fine Powder Materials and Their Chemical Reaction;
F. Ultra-fine Powder Materials and Their Chemical Reaction.
Materials Processing Engineering
The discipline of Material Processing Engineering is an applied discipline which mainly deals with external shape and inner construction of materials as well as processing materials into needed parts and products.
A research team composed of 9 professors and 15 associate professors engages itself in the discipline. In recent years, 43 national, ministerial or provincial research projects have been accomplished and high-level awards have been granted to the discipline.
Major research interests include:
A. Precise Control Plastic Forming Technology;
B. Liquid Molding and Process Control Technology;
C. Powder Materials, Laser Rapid Prototype Technology and Laser Agglomeration Rapid Prototype Technology;
D. Design of Welding Materials and Testing Technology.
Many a research fruit, molding CAD, simulation of molding process, and simulation of the temperature field of solidifying mold, for example, has been commercialized.
Mechanical Manufacturing and Its Automation
Mechanical Manufacturing and Its Automation is a key discipline at ministerial level.
A research team composed of 15 professors, 8 associate professors engages itself in the discipline.
Major research interests include:
A. CAD/CAM and Enterprise Informatization;
B. Manufacture Automation Technology and System;
C. Test, Measurement and Diagnosis of Mechanical Manufacture;
D. CIMS;
E. New Manufacture Technology and Equipment.
Signals and Information Processing
Signals and Information Processing focuses on the techniques of information processing, identifying and reconstructing, the theory and technology of information processing, technology of information processing and reconstructing, technology of information real-time processing and identifying, technology of information mixing, the photoelectric technology, technology of information safety and information confrontation, and image processing technology.
A research team composed of 1 member of China Academy of Engineering, 4 doctoral advisers, 16 professors engages itself in this discipline.
Major research interests include:
A. Theory and Technology of Information Processing;
B. Multi-dimension Information Processing;
C. Testing and Processing of Biomedical Information;
D. Information Testing and Automation and Information Countermeasures.
Key Laboratory
电子测试技术国防科技重点实验室（太原分部）
Instrumentation Science and Dynamic Measurement Laboratory
Engineering Research Center
Engineering and Research Center for Booster Explosive Research, Development and Performance Testing
Integrated Precision Plastic Forming Engineering and Technology Research Center
Chemical Engineering Research Center
Micro/Nano Technology Research Center
Plastic Research Center
无损检测中心
Results of Research
The black boxes of Shenzhou series manned spaceships are developed by NUC.
Publication
Journal of NUC (Natural Science)
Journal of NUC (Social Science)
Journal of Test and Measurement Technology
Journal of Measurement Science and Instrumentation (English)
See also
List of universities in China
National Key Disciplines
State Key Laboratories
References
External links
North University of China
Hanquan BBS
Universities and colleges in Shanxi
The Italian Gardeners and Ranchers Association Market Building, also known as the Italian Market, in southeast Portland, Oregon in the U.S. is a two-story commercial structure listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Built of concrete in 1922, it was added to the register in 1989.
Occupying an entire block of the Central Eastside Industrial District, the square structure has a flat roof, large loading bays, multi-paned casement windows, and a full basement. The building, originally catering to farmers and peddlers of Italian origin, housed produce-related stores, a pool hall, meeting halls, a dairy-product area, and two Italian restaurants. Later the building was reorganized for use by three businesses, two on the first floor and one on the second, as well as office space on the second floor.
The Italian Gardeners and Ranchers Association formed around 1900 after many Italian immigrants to Portland had settled near Johns Landing on the west bank of the Willamette River and south of Hawthorne Boulevard on the east bank, where it was possible to establish truck farms on inexpensive land. The Association initially set up in a run-down building on the west side of the river but moved to the east side, where it constructed a two-story wooden market building in what came to be known as "produce row". After the wooden building was destroyed by fire in 1921, the Association replaced it with the concrete structure at the same location. In 1929, the Association moved, this time to a larger building at Belmont Street and Southeast 10th Avenue, part of a second "produce row" in southeast Portland.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Southeast Portland, Oregon
References
1922 establishments in Oregon
Buckman, Portland, Oregon
Commercial buildings completed in 1922
Italian-American culture in Portland, Oregon
Portland Eastside MPS
Portland Historic Landmarks
William Pettigrew Darsie (January 6, 1891 – January 30, 1954) was an American rugby union player who played at flanker for the United States men's national team in its first capped match against New Zealand in 1913.
Biography
William Darsie was born on January 6, 1891 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, the son and one of three children of William W. Darsie and Jean P. Darsie (born Pettigrew). Upon his father's retirement in 1905, Darsie moved with his family to Palo Alto, California where he attended Palo Alto High School. While in high school, Darsie played rugby with his school's team.
After high school, Darsie attended Stanford University and was a member of the university's rugby teams. In 1913, Darsie was the acting captain of the Stanford rugby team. While at Stanford, Darsie was a member of the California Beta chapter of the Phi Kappa Psi fraternity. On November 15, 1913, Darsie played for the United States at flanker in its first test match against New Zealand—a 51–3 defeat.
After attending Stanford, Darsie worked as a vegetable farmer and chaired a California agricultural advisory committee during World War II. Darsie married Mildred S. Powers, with whom he had two children. Darsie died on January 30, 1954 in Santa Clara, California at the age of 63.
References
1891 births
1954 deaths
American rugby union players
United States international rugby union players
Rugby union flankers
Farmers from California
Celeste D'Arcángelo (born 7 July 2003) is an Argentine rhythmic gymnast known for being the first Argentinian in this discipline to qualify at the Olympic Games, in this case, the Youth of Buenos Aires 2018. She is also an eight-time national champion.
Personal life
Celeste D'Arcángelo is the youngest of four brothers and sisters, one of them being Hernán D'Arcángelo, a medalist at the 2011 Pan American Games in squash. She took up gymnastics at age four in Córdoba after having tried many sports. Her sport ambitions are to compete at the Olympic Games and World Championships. After the end of her competitive career D'Arcángelo aspires to study accounting or law at university.
Career
Junior
D'Arcangelo began training at Córdoba Athletic at the age of four, until that activity at the sports center was closed. After that, being interested in sports, she joined the Club Municipalidad de Córdoba, where she was able to train with Silvina Márquez, Sandra Ré, Anahí Sosa, Antonella Yacobelli, Laura Arribas and Vanina Lorefice (her current coach). At the age of 9, she participated in her first South American Championship in the pre-child category.
In 2017 she was selected for Pan American Championship in Daytona Beach, qualifying for the hoop final where she ended up 6th.
She participated in the 2018 Pan American Junior Championship, in Medellín, where she was 5th in the All Around, 5th in the team competition along with Candela Urso, Martina Hadrowa and Karema Jara, and went on to three apparatus finals. In addition, this tournament gave her the pass for the 2018 Youth Olympic Games, in Buenos Aires, where she became the first Argentine rhythmic gymnast to qualify for an Olympic game.
At the 2018 Youth Olympic Games she placed 29th in the rankings and fourth in the mixed multidisciplinary team event, she was also the youngest of the Argentine delegation that participated in the multidisciplinary event.
Senior
D'Arcangelo debuted in the World Cup circuit in Pesaro in 2019 and she then competed at the Lima Pan American Games, where she placed 8th in the ball final and 14th in the All-Around. In 2021, she took part to the 2021 Pan American Rhythmic Gymnastics Championships, in Rio de Janeiro, where she finished 13th in the All-Around, she was also 7th in the clubs final, and 4th with the team, along with Sol Fainberg, Candela Urso and Martina Gil.
In 2022 she competed in the World Cups in Pamplona and Baku, finishing mid ranking and not qualifying for finals.
Routine music information
References
Argentine rhythmic gymnasts
2003 births
Living people
Gymnasts at the 2018 Summer Youth Olympics
Davydikha () is a rural locality (a village) in Velikodvorskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 29 as of 2002.
Geography
Davydikha is located 48 km south of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Veliky Dvor is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Vincent Wright (12 April 1931 – 2004) was an English professional footballer who played in the Football League for Mansfield Town.
References
1931 births
2004 deaths
English footballers
Association football forwards
English Football League players
Derby County F.C. players
Mansfield Town F.C. players
Cass County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois. As of the 2010 United States Census, the population was 13,642. Its county seat is Virginia. It is the home of the Jim Edgar Panther Creek State Fish and Wildlife Area.
History
Cass County was formed in 1837 out of Morgan County. It was named for Lewis Cass, a general in the War of 1812, Governor of the Michigan Territory, and United States Secretary of State in 1860. Cass was serving as Andrew Jackson's Secretary of War just before the County was named.
Geography
According to the US Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (2.1%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Mason County - northeast
Menard County - east
Sangamon County - southeast
Morgan County - south
Brown County - west
Schuyler County - northwest
National protected area
Meredosia National Wildlife Refuge (part)
Rivers
Illinois River
Little Sangamon River
Sangamon River
Major highways
US Route 67
Illinois Route 78
Illinois Route 100
Illinois Route 125
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Virginia have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in February 1934 and a record high of was recorded in July 1954. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in May.
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 13,642 people, 5,270 households, and 3,561 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 5,836 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 86.3% white, 3.1% black or African American, 0.3% Asian, 0.3% American Indian, 8.7% from other races, and 1.4% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 16.8% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 22.6% were German, 21.0% were American, 10.6% were Irish, and 9.5% were English.
Of the 5,270 households, 33.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.1% were married couples living together, 10.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 32.4% were non-families, and 26.5% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.06. The median age was 38.7 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $41,544 and the median income for a family was $51,624. Males had a median income of $37,267 versus $26,634 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,825. About 10.1% of families and 12.9% of the population were below the poverty line, including 14.2% of those under age 18 and 9.2% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Typically for German-settled western Central Illinois, Cass County opposed the Civil War and became solidly Democratic for the next six decades. Only hatred of Woodrow Wilson's policies towards Germany following World War I drove the county into Republican hands in the 1920 landslide. Between 1924 and 2008, the county was something of a bellwether, missing the national winner only in the very close 1960 election and the heavy drought- and farm crisis-influenced election of 1988. In the 2010s, the county has become reliably Republican in US presidential elections.
Cass County is located in Illinois's 18th Congressional District and is currently represented by Republican Darin LaHood. For the Illinois House of Representatives, the county is located in the 93rd district and is currently represented by Republican Norine Hammond. The county is located in the 47th district of the Illinois Senate, and is currently represented by Republican Jil Tracy.
Education
A C Central Community Unit School District 262
Beardstown Community Unit School District 15
Virginia Community Unit School District 64
Communities
Cities
Beardstown
Virginia (seat)
Villages
Arenzville
Ashland
Chandlerville
Unincorporated communities
Anderson
Bluff Springs
Burlingame
Clear Lake
Hagener
Jules
Kisch
Little Indian
Newmansville
Old Princeton
Palmerton
Philadelphia
Former communities
Gurney
Oak Grove (now part of Beardstown; not to be confused with community in Rock Island County)
Sylvan
Townships
Arenzville
Ashland
Beardstown
Bluff Springs
Chandlerville
Hagener
Newmansville
Panther Creek
Philadelphia
Sangamon Valley
Virginia
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Cass County, Illinois
References
External links
US Census Bureau 2007 TIGER/Line Shapefiles
US Board on Geographic Names (GNIS)
US National Atlas
Illinois counties
1837 establishments in Illinois
Populated places established in 1837
Apponyi Palace is a prominent monument in Bratislava, adjacent to the Old Town Hall. Its address is Radničná 577/1.
History
The Apponyi Palace was built in 1761–1762 by Count György Apponyi, a member of the ancient Apponyi family and advisor to the King of Hungary, in place of two older townhouses. It was acquired in 1867 from the Apponyis by the Bratislava municipality, which subsequently added its arms on the cartouche above the street doorway. Two of its original four wings were demolished in 1910–1912 for the construction of a new municipal building. It was comprehensively renovated between 2003 and 2007.
Description
The ground floor was both residential and used for storage. The first floor is the representative piano nobile with preserved rococo-classical interior decorations. The second floor was used as private quarters by the Apponyi family, with less high ceilings and less elaborate decorations. The attic was used for accommodation from the 18th century until the first half of the 19th century (it was common for visitors to coronations and other major events to sleep in the attics of townhouses and palaces of the noble). Today, the wooden booths for sleeping have been removed.
The palace now houses two museums, the Museum of Viticulture in the basement, and the Period Rooms Museum upstairs.
See also
Old Town Hall (Bratislava)
References
Buildings and structures in Bratislava
Apponyi family
Baroque palaces in Slovakia
WSFZ (930 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve Jackson, Mississippi. The station is owned by iHeartMedia. As of December 1, 2020, WSFZ is broadcasting an African-American oriented all-news format.
History
WSLI signed on in September 1938, becoming Jackson's second radio station. It was owned by, and named for, the Standard Life Insurance Company. It began broadcasting from studios located in the Robert E. Lee Hotel. The transmitter was located on High Street, near the Pearl River. WSLI was affiliated with NBC's Blue Network. L.M. Sepaugh was named the first manager. WSLI had the distinction of employing Mississippi's first female announcers, Nancy Chambers and Virginia Metz.The station was originally located at 1420 kHz, moving to 1450 kHz in 1941 upon NARBA reallocation and then to 930 kHz in 1946.
WSLI expanded into television in 1954 when it started WSLI-TV channel 12. The station was merged with WJTV, then on channel 25, the next year, and the two stations merged as WJTV on channel 12.
Thereafter the callsign WSLI solely identified the radio station until the early 2000s. In this time, the studios of the radio station were located next door to WJTV off Robinson Road in southwest Jackson. Its transmitter, however, was relocated to a site north of the Jackson city limits accessible from North State Street (formerly, Highway 51). The four-tower array and transmitter building remained in that location up until 1995 when the site was developed into a shopping center facing Interstate 55.
For most of its history, WSLI featured the morning show of "Farmer" Jim Neal and the Feist Dog, which was the top rated radio program in Jackson for over 40 years. Hank Williams performed live on WSLI's Farm Jim Show on February 21, 1950. Bob Rall was credited for founding one of the first "talk shows" in Jackson in 1953. In most of the 1970s and early 1980s, WSLI was the home of the duo of Bob Rall and Alan Simmons in the highest-radio program in the afternoons. Simmons' son Scott is now an anchor/reporter for Jackson TV station WAPT.
In the 1990s, the station was sold to Mississippi College as a sister station to then MC-owned WHJT. In 1998, Russ Robinson secured a deal to buy the station and moved WSLI off-campus. Finding office space in Clinton, Robinson said a large majority of the equipment was obsolete and the station pretty much started from scratch.
WSFZ programs previously broadcast included The Rick and Bubba Show, The Dan Patrick Show, The Young Guns, and programming from NBC Sports Radio. WSFZ also broadcast Jackson Academy athletics.
The station has been assigned these call letters by the Federal Communications Commission since November 26, 2003.
In May 2016, SportsRad, Inc. sold WSFZ to New South Radio for only $1. On October 10, 2016, WSFZ returned to the air with a simulcast of classic country-formatted WJXN-FM, branded as "100.9 The Legend".
On July 31, 2017, WSFZ switched its simulcast from WJXN-FM to WHJT.
In late December 2017, WSFZ dropped its simulcast with WHJT and began stunting with a repeat Neil Diamond's "Cherry, Cherry". In January 2018, the station dropped "Cherry, Cherry" replacing it with an loop of Robin Thicke's "Blurred Lines."
On July 24, 2020, New South Radio announced plans to sell WSFZ to SSR Communications. On August 12, WSFZ flipped to oldies, but this was only a temporary format. During the few days as an oldies station, WSFZ was branded B93, which was the same branding WYAB had when it was an oldies station.
On August 18, 2020, WSFZ officially began simulcasting WYAB. As of September 23, 2020, SSR Communications officially owns WSFZ, as well as its translator, W296DD.
On December 1, 2020, iHeartMedia acquired WSFZ and flipped it from talk to an all-news format with programming from the Black Information Network. The acquisition was consummated on March 9, 2021.
Previous logos
References
External links
SFZ
iHeartMedia radio stations
Black Information Network stations
All-news radio stations in the United States
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1501.
Events
Italic type (cut by Francesco Griffo) is first used by Aldus Manutius at the Aldine Press in Venice, in an octavo edition of Virgil's Aeneid. Manutius also publishes an edition of Petrarch's Le cose volgari and first adopts his dolphin and anchor device.
The first volume of Harmonice Musices Odhecaton, the first collection of polyphonic music printed from movable type, is published by Ottaviano Petrucci in Venice.
New books
Prose
Desiderius Erasmus – Handbook of a Christian Knight (Enchiridion militis Christiani)
Margery Kempe – The Book of Margery Kempe (posthumous)
Nilakantha Somayaji – Tantrasamgraha
Drama
Conradus Celtis – Ludus Diannae
Poetry
Gavin Douglas – The Palice of Honour (approximate date of composition)
Marko Marulić – Judita (in Croatian)
Births
February 24 – Sixt Birck, German humanist dramatist and scholar (died 1554)
unknown dates
Bonaventure des Périers, French author and poet (suicide 1544)
Maurice Scève, French poet (died c. 1564)<ref"></ref>
Basilio Zanchi, Italian humanist Latin-language poet, scholar and librarian (died 1588) (born c. 1435)
probable – Garcilaso de la Vega, Spanish soldier and poet (died 1536)
Deaths
January 3 – Ali-Shir Nava'i, Timurid dynasty philosopher and Chagatai language poet (born 1441)
August (probable) – Constantine Lascaris, Greek scholar and grammarian (born 1434)
September 26 – Džore Držić, Croatian poet and playwright (born 1461)
References
1501
1501 books
Years of the 16th century in literature
Nosheen Saeed (; born 6 July 1958) is a Pakistani politician who served as member of the National Assembly of Pakistan.
Early life
Saeed was born on 6 July 1958.
Political career
She was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (Q) on a seat reserved for women from Punjab in the 2008 Pakistani general election.
References
1958 births
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
is a Japanese term that is used in many Japanese martial arts as an honorific title for expert or senior instructors. It can be translated as "master instructor".
The use of the term is specific to a school or organization, as is the process of becoming a shihan. In aikido, the title shihan often is granted to teachers when they reach 6th dan. It is sometimes associated with certain rights, such as the right to give out black belt (dan) ranks. However, the title is distinct from the black belt ranking system ( dan'i).
See also
Sensei
References
Titles and rank in Japanese martial arts
Arcesis anax is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Vietnam, Thailand and Sumatra.
References
Moths described in 1983
Olethreutini
Moths of Asia
Rebecca Browning Rankin (April 5, 1887 – March 1, 1965) was the director of the New York City's Municipal Reference Library for thirty-two years. New York City Mayor Fiorello LaGuardia called Rankin a "human index to New York City affairs," and she gained a reputation as the City's unofficial historian. Her efforts secured the preservation of historic documents and promoted access to government information for municipal employees and citizens alike.
Early life, education, and early career
Rebecca Browning Rankin was born April 5, 1887, in Piqua, Ohio. She grew up in Illinois.
Rankin attended the University of Michigan, graduating with her bachelor's degree in 1909. She received a full scholarship to attend Simmons University in Boston, where she earned her master in library science degree in 1913.
While her undergraduate degree at the University of Michigan, Rankin worked in the cataloging department of the university's general library. Upon graduating with her masters degree in 1913, she received several job offers, deciding to take the opportunity to run the library for the State Normal School in Ellensburg, Washington. In her five years at the Washington State Normal School, she developed a library collection that emphasized the most current information for the training of teachers. Rankin started a bulletin sharing information with teachers across the state, as well as teaching courses on library methods.
Career with NYPL and the Municipal Reference Library
In 1918, Rankin moved to New York City to support her family, and took a position as assistant to New York Public Library (NYPL) director Edwin H. Anderson. Just a few months later, in January 1919, Rankin was named the assistant librarian at the Municipal Reference Library (MRL), a branch of the NYPL. She was appointed the Municipal Reference Library's director in 1920.
In her role as director of the MRL, Rankin worked to promote the resources and services of the library. She and her staff prepared and delivered over 300 radio talks between 1928 and 1938, with weekly broadcasts over WNYC sharing civic information and promoting the library's services. These took the form of multiple WNYC series, including "Civics-in-Action" and "Highlights in Municipal Government". Rankin used these broadcasts as a way to advance her fervent beliefs in the ideas of reform and efficiency in government. In a March 1928 WNYC broadcast, she described the library's role to listeners, listing its functions as encouraging city officials to "intelligently adopt the best policies for the governing of the City," providing resources to city employees and citizens, and answering questions about the city and its governance. She published her first book, Guide to the Municipal Government of the City of New York in 1936. Also in 1936, with the help of seven assistants, Rankin edited New York Advancing: a Scientific Approach to Municipal Government. Historian Elisabeth Israels Perry credits Rankin and Pearl Bernstein, the Secretary of the Board of Estimate, with writing Mayor La Guardia's essay for the book from a list of points that he gave to them. New York Advancing became a surprise bestseller in the city, with subsequent editions being published in 1939 and 1946. Rankin told a New York Times reporter: "Women have the 'feel' of the tie-up between the man in the street and his government" and therefore they could make the book accessible to a broad audience.
She was a strong supporter of Mayor Fiorello LaGuardia, who frequently contacted the library with questions. New York City's municipal records had been stored in haphazard conditions for decades, and Rankin worked to transfer particularly important collections to the Municipal Library. Rankin persuaded Mayor LaGuardia to establish the Mayor's Municipal Archives Committee, which she chaired for over ten years. Under the Committee's charge, the MRL became the chief institution for New York City's archival and records management functions. Mayor William O'Dwyer requested that Rankin develop a modern records management program; she developed a record retention manual and a training course for records managers.
The City had purchased the 12-story Rhinelander Building in 1939 to house historical records, but only after Rankin's continued efforts was funding authorized for appropriate staff, shelving, and boxes. By moving inactive records to a centralized storage facility, the municipal departments of the city saved about $1,200,000 in rent from 1942 to 1952. In 1952, Mayor Vincent R. Impellitteri commended Rankin for her efforts in making the new Municipal Archives and Records Center (MARC) a reality. She retired on the day the new center opened, June 30, 1952.
Service to librarianship
Rankin served as the president of the Special Libraries Association from 1922 to 1923. In the 1930s, she served as the SLA Secretary, organizing the association's headquarters in New York City. In May 1959, she was inducted into the Special Libraries Association Hall of Fame.
Her relationships with municipal employees played a key role in ensuring that NYC's public librarians were designated as eligible for the New York State Employee's pension and retirement system.
Death and legacy
Rankin died March 1, 1965 at the Dobbs Ferry Hospital in Dobbs Ferry, New York.
A biography of the important role Rankin played as New York City's "unofficial historian" was published by Barry W. Seaver in 2004: A True Politician: Rebecca Browning Rankin, Municipal Reference Librarian of the City of New York, 1920–1952.
References
Further reading
1887 births
1965 deaths
American librarians
American women librarians
People from Piqua, Ohio
University of Michigan alumni
Simmons University alumni
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1513.
Events
unknown dates
The Aldine Press editiones principes of Lycophron, Lysias, Pindar and Plato is published by Aldus Manutius in Venice. Aldus this year also publishes Strozii poëtae pater et filius, the collected poems of Tito Vespasiano Strozzi (died c. 1505) and his son Ercole Strozzi (murdered 1508).
Niccolò Machiavelli is banished from Florence by the House of Medici and writes The Prince as De Principatibus (On Principalities) in Tuscany this summer.
Johannes Potken publishes the first Ge'ez (liturgical Ethiopian) text, Psalterium David et Cantica aliqua, at Rome.
Gavin Douglas completes the Eneados, the first translation of Virgil's Aeneid (or any major poem of classical antiquity) into any of the Germanic languages – in this case, the Scots dialect of English. A Latin/English parallel text version of Ovid's Ars Amatoria made by "Walter" is also published this year by Wynkyn de Worde in London as The flores of Ouide de arte amandi with theyr englysshe afore them.
Approximate year – John Skelton is appointed poet laureate by Henry VIII of England.
New books
Prose
Hakob Meghapart – Parzatumar ()
Drama
Juan del Encina – Plácida y Victoriano
Poetry
John Lydgate (anonymously) – Troy Book (verse paraphrase written 1412–20)
Mallanarya of Gubbi – Bhava Chintaratna
John Skelton (anonymously) –
Births
February 8 – Daniele Barbaro, Venetian writer, translator and cardinal (died 1570)
October 30 – Jacques Amyot, French writer and translator (died 1593)
December 23 – Thomas Smith, English scholar, diplomat and poet (died 1577)
Deaths
January – Hans Folz, German Meistersinger (born c. 1437)
unknown dates
Henry Bradshaw, English monk and poet (born c. 1450)
Robert Fabyan, English chronicler and sheriff
Hua Sui, Chinese pioneer of metal movable type printing (born 1439)
References
1513
1513 books
Years of the 16th century in literature
The Alley of Classics () is a sculptural complex located in Bălți, Moldova.
Busts
The Alley of Classics contains 3 busts:
See also
Alley of Classics, Chişinău
References
External links
La Bălți va fi inaugurată Aleea Clasicilor
Aleea Clasicilor va fi inaugurat la Balti pana la sfarsitul lunii iunie
La Bălţi a fost deschisă Aleea Clasicilor Culturii Naţionale
Monuments and memorials in Bălți
Tourist attractions in Moldova
Museums established in 2010
2010 establishments in Moldova
One Way Street () is an anthology of brief meditations by Walter Benjamin collected and published as a book in 1928. The reflections composing its cycle were mostly written coterminously with the drafting phase of his doctoral thesis The Origin of German Tragic Drama, during his personally transformative though ultimately failed romance with Asja Lācis. Many of the pieces that were published individually prior to their appearance as a collection first ran as feuilleton in newspapers—a critical, artistic, sometimes purely humorous or bizarre space-filling feature of newspaper formats in Europe at the time.
Style and content
The work is a kind of collage. Greil Marcus compares certain formal qualities of One Way Street to the surrealist graphic novel Hundred Headless Women by Max Ernst and André Breton, or to Walter Ruttman's The Weekend which was an early sound collage film. The book avoids, "all semblance of linear-narrative...[offering] a jumble of sixty apparently autonomous short prose pieces: aphorisms, jokes, dream protocols, cityscapes, landscapes, and mindscapes; portions of writing manuals, trenchant contemporary political analysis; prescient appreciations of the child's psychology, behavior, and moods; decodings of bourgeois fashion, living arrangments and courtship patterns; and time and again, remarkable penetrations into the heart of every day things, what Benjamin would later call a mode of empathy with 'the soul of the commodity'" according to Michael Jennings in his introduction to the work. He continues: "Many of the pieces...first appeared in the feuilleton section," of newspapers and magazines which was "not a separate section but rather an area at the bottom of every page...and the spatial restrictions of the feuilleton played a decisive role in shaping the prose form on which the book is based."
Form and influence
Written contemporaneously with Martin Heidegger's Being & Time Benjamin's work from this period explores much of the same territory though his contribution (characteristically, for Benjamin) hinges on an eclectic mix of art criticism, pure lyrical experimentation and political commentary rather than focusing directly on metaphysics.
He enters the arena of the academic argument around ontology and the Theory of Categories according to the technical conventions and requirements of the university in his contemporaneously written "Epistemo-Critical Prologue" to The Origin of German Tragic Drama (though this work was rejected at his habilitation). These elements of Benjamin's thought express themselves aesthetically in the more experimental work appearing as One Way Street.
"Traditional forms of writing were, for Benjamin, simply no longer capable of surviving in capitalist modernity--let alone of providing the framework for meaningful insights into its structure, functioning and effects," writes M.W. Jennings.
Greil Marcus's description of the formal problem that the work's fragmentary structure seems to address is more expansive. Totalitarian thinkers like Heidegger or, "Mussolini, Stalin, Hitler and Adorno's [evocation of] the faceless capitalist made one argument about life: The whole is false," Marcus writes in his preface. He continues:
Wish I didn't know now what I didn't know then: looking back at what his dead friend knew then, Adorno grasped the ephemeral: "If the invention of the printing press inaugurated the bourgeois era, the time is at hand for its repeal by the mimeograph." But Benjamin had more than been there first.
A broad consensus traces the form of Adorno's Minima Moralia back to One Way Street. Adorno's lesser known work, The Jargon of Authenticity, traces and invokes the rivalry between Benjamin and Heidegger in their work on the territory of the Theory of Categories—expressed via antithetical and mutually antagonistic rhetorical strategies—as one of its themes.
Related editions
Selections from One Way Street were collected in the second volume of Walter Benjamin's major works translated into English entitled Reflections in 1978, sandwiched between Berlin Childhood and Benjamin's travelogs.
As with the material from the earlier English translation collected in Illuminations, this was the first occasion on which the material contained in the anthology began reaching a wider audience and percolating into the canon of frequently cited works of theory and criticism within both the academy and areas of the more popular press. In 1968, Hannah Arendt published an article in The New Yorker to mark the publication of the first collection and John Berger's Ways of Seeing, a documentary series which quotes extensively from Benjamin, was broadcast in 1972. After Reflections began to appear in bookstores, Susan Sontag published her article "Under the Sign of Saturn" (soon to be anthologized as the title essay of her 1980 collection of recent works) in the New York Review of Books in 1978 that brought wider attention to the work.
Though Reflections continues to be published in new editions with the original introduction by Peter Demetz, a third book of selected essays, titled One Way Street & Other Essays has been released including the complete cycle of meditations from One Way Street and Sontag's 1978 essay as the introduction. This collection consists effectively a resequencing of the material from Reflections, with the complete cycle of One Way Street opening the collection, the awkwardly "dilettante-Marxist" essays on Brecht omitted, and two further works have been added (including the "The Work of Art in the Age of Mechanical Reproduction" precursor study "A Small History of Photography" and Benjamin's monograph on Eduard Fuchs). This collection was preceded in its appearance by a stand-alone collection of the full English translation of the One Way Street cycle introduced by Greil Marcus and Michael W. Jennings in 2016.
References
1928 non-fiction books
German literary criticism
Works by Walter Benjamin
Contemporary philosophical literature
The Yamaha CS-15 is a Monophonic analog synthesizer produced by Yamaha from 1979 to 1982.
Architecture
It features two voltage-controlled oscillators, two 12 dB/Oct multi-mode Voltage-controlled filter (Low-Pass, High-Pass or Band-Pass), two ADSR envelopes and a Low-Frequency Oscillator. It also features a White noise and an external-in for processing other sounds.
The CS-15 offers a great flexibility with various routing possibilities to the filters and envelopes. You can, for example, rout VCO 1 to both VCFs and the VCFs to any of the envelopes positive or negative voltage.
It's actually a duophonic / bitimbral synthesizer but you have to connect it two separate CV/Gate controls (Hz/V like Korg synthesizers not V/Oct) to play the extra voice.
Notable users
The CS-15 was used by several bands in the early 1980s. The Human League made prominent use of the instrument on their album Dare. Marillion used a CS-15 on their first full-length album, Script for a Jester's Tear. It was also used by Astral Projection, Somatic Responses, Moog Cookbook, The Human League, and Vince Clarke. In post-disco early 80s NYC Boyd Jarvis, through groups like Visual, extended early DJ radio NYC mixes and homemade reel to reel music using drum machines and a Yamaha CS-15, began an underground musical movement that later came to be known as house music.
See also
CS-60
CS-80
References
Yamaha products
Monophonic synthesizers
Analog synthesizers
Everything I Have Is Yours is a 1991 compilation album of songs by Billy Eckstine, subtitled "The Best of the M-G-M Years". It was released by Verve Records as a double LP.
Reception
The editors of AllMusic awarded the album a full five stars, and Scott Yanow wrote: "Although not as essential from the jazz standpoint as Billy Eckstine's earlier big-band dates, this two-fer features the singer at the peak of his powers."
Max Morath, author of The NPR Curious Listener's Guide to Popular Standards, listed the album as among "Billy's Best," calling it "fine."
Track listing
References
Billy Eckstine albums
Verve Records compilation albums
1994 compilation albums
Jerzy Marian Konieczny (12 September 1950 – 27 July 2020) was a Polish lawyer, civil servant, academic and author. Konieczny served as the Chief of the Urząd Ochrony Państwa (UOP), Poland's former intelligence agency, from 1992 to 1993. He then served briefly as Minister of the Interior from 1995 to 1996.
Biography
Konieczny was born on 12 September 1950. He earned a degree in chemistry from the University of Silesia in Katowice and studied law at Jagiellonian University. He received his doctorate of law from the University of Wrocław in 1979. He also completed a postdoctoral degree in legal science from the University of Silesia in 1990.
Konieczny served as Chief of the Urząd Ochrony Państwa (UOP) from 1992 to 1993. He founded the Konsalnet security company in 1994. Konieczny later served as the Minister of the Interior from 29 December 1995 until 7 February 1996, in the Cabinet of Prime Minister Józef Oleksy. In 1997, Konieczny ran for a Warsaw-based seat in the Sejm as a Democratic Left Alliance candidate, but lost the election.
He left politics and civil service to become an academic. Konieczny lectured and taught at the University of Silesia in Katowice, the Krakow Academy Andrzej Frycz Modrzewski, the University of Opole, and the University of Management and Marketing in Warsaw. He also co-authored two books: "Justycjariusze, hutmani, policjanci. Z dziejów służb ochrony porządku w Polsce" (co-authored with Andrzejem Abramskim) and "Kryminalistyka" (co-authored with Janem Widackim and Tadeusz Widłą).
Jerzy Konieczny died on 27 July 2020 at the age of 69. He was buried in the Lady of Perpetual Help parish cemetery in Rycerka Górna on 31 July 2020.
References
1950 births
2020 deaths
Interior ministers of Poland
Polish civil servants
20th-century Polish lawyers
Democratic Left Alliance politicians
University of Silesia in Katowice alumni
University of Silesia in Katowice faculty
The black-throated babbler (Stachyris nigricollis) is a species of bird in the family Timaliidae. It is found in Brunei, Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore, and Thailand. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical swampland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
black-throated babbler
Birds of the Malay Peninsula
Birds of Malesia
black-throated babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Islamic Azad University, South Tehran Branch is a branch of the Islamic Azad University which was established in Tehran in 1986 (1364 H). This university is considered one of the best branches of the Islamic Azad University. It started its activities with 700 students who mostly studied in the fields of engineering. In 2004 this branch of Islamic Azad University was considered the most crowded university of Iran with over 40,000 students in seven different schools. It is also the third out of five of the best non-profit universities in Iran (which makes it as a high-ranking one from 1980 to 2014). Its Engineering School is famous for its faculties and rigorous discipline.
Faculties
Faculty of Engineering
Faculty of Law, Political Sciences and Economy
Faculty of Persian Literature and Foreign Languages
Faculty of Management and Accounting
Faculty of Industrial Engineering
Faculty of Physical Education and Sport Sciences
Faculty of Psychology and Educational Sciences
Faculty of Engineering
Department of Civil Engineering
include: Water and Hydraulic Structures (Ph.D. and Masters)
Structures (Ph.D. and Masters)
Earth Quake (Ph.D.)
Transportation (Ph.D. and Masters)
Civil (BS)
Survey (BS)
Remote Sensing (Masters)
GIS (Masters)
Department of Electrical Engineering
include: Electrical(Ph.D. and Masters)
Power (Masters)
Telecommunication (Masters)
Mechatronics (Masters)
Department of Computer and IT Engineering
include: Software(Masters)
Hardware (Masters)
IT (Masters)
Department of Mechanical Engineering
include: Mechanical Engineering (Undergraduate)
Energy Conversion (Ph.D. & Masters)
Applied Design (Ph.D. & Masters)
Energy Systems (Ph.D. & Master)
Automotive Engineering (Ph.D. & Master)
Department of Industrial Engineering
include: Operations Research and Systems (Ph.D.)
Planning and Management (Ph.D.)
Automation (Ph.D.)
Systems Management and Productivity(BS and Masters)
Department of Chemical Engineering
include: Thermodynamics and Kinetics (Masters)
Environmental Engineering (Masters)
Process Engineering (Masters)
Department of Mine Engineering
include: Extraction (Masters)
Exploration (Masters)
Department of Materials Engineering
include: Identification and selection of engineering materials (Masters)
Department of Textile Engineering
include: Textile Chemistry and Fiber Science (Masters)
Textile Technology (Masters)
Department of Petroleum Engineering
include: Oil drilling and mining engineering (BS)
Scientific Journals
This university unit currently has 16 scientific journals, 7 of which are in English and the rest in Persian.
Three journals of this university unit are published by the Springer Science+Business Media publications in Germany.
See also
Higher education in Iran
List of universities in Iran
Islamic Azad University
Islamic Azad University Central Tehran Branch
Islamic Azad University, Science and Research Branch, Tehran
Islamic Azad University West Tehran Branch
Islamic Azad University of Tehran-North
References
External links
Islamic Student Association
Universities in Tehran
South Tehran
La Verne is an under-construction light rail station in the Los Angeles County Metro Rail system. It is currently under construction as part of the Gold Line Foothill Extension and is slated to open in 2025. It will be served by the A Line.
The station is located near the intersection of Arrow Highway and E Street along the Pasadena Subdivision right of way in La Verne, California. The University of La Verne is northeast of the station and Fairplex is one block to the south.
References
External links
La Verne station – Metro Gold Line Foothill Extension Construction Authority
Future Los Angeles Metro Rail stations
Railway stations scheduled to open in 2025
La Verne, California
Railway stations in California at university and college campuses
The chestnut-bellied seedeater (Sporophila castaneiventris) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.
It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Guyana, Peru, Suriname, and Venezuela.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist shrubland and heavily degraded former forest.
References
chestnut-bellied seedeater
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Guianas
chestnut-bellied seedeater
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Australian Pacing Championship is a harness racing event showcasing some of Australia's and New Zealand's best pacers. It is currently held annually at Gloucester Park in Perth.
Results
Race recorded in km rate (time in brackets is converted mile rate)
Inquiry conducted by WATA Stewards 17/12/03 and subsequent appeal on 7/7/04 disqualified Backinafalcon from 1st placing.
References
Harness Racing Australia Racing Chronicles
Australasian Grand Circuit Races
Harness races in Australia
2012 NASCAR Stock V6 Series was the support series for the 2012 NASCAR Toyota Series season, which was the fourth season of the series. Twelve races were raced, all on oval tracks.
Report
The season began in Autódromo Potosino, where the local driver, Oscar Torres, Jr. won the race. Oscar Torres, Jr. won back-to-back the race in Querétaro. The third race in Mexico City, again saw win Oscar Torres, Jr. Torres increased his gap to 16 points ahead of Javier Campos.
In Puebla the rain avoided the classification, the grid was according to the championship. The race was again dominated by Oscar Torres, Jr., who increased his lead to 22 points. However Oscar Torres, Jr. won 8 races and Javier Campos only 1, the final gap was 25 points and Oscar Torres, Jr. was declared the 2012 season champion.
Guadalajara was supposed to return after a year's absence. However, it was cancelled and replaced by El Dorado Speedway Chihuahua, which debuted in the series.
Drivers
2012 calendar
Results
Races
1Qualifying cancelled by rain.
Standings
(key) Bold - Pole position awarded by time. Italics - Pole position set by final practice results or rainout. * – Most laps led. ** – All laps led.
See also
2012 NASCAR Sprint Cup Series
2012 NASCAR Nationwide Series
2012 NASCAR Camping World Truck Series
2012 NASCAR K&N Pro Series East
2012 NASCAR Canadian Tire Series
2012 NASCAR Toyota Series
2012 Racecar Euro Series
References
NASCAR Stock V6 Series
NASCAR Mexico Series
David Miranda (born 10 December 1942) is a Salvadoran former cyclist. He competed in the individual road race at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1942 births
Living people
Salvadoran male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of El Salvador
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Santa Ana, El Salvador
Albion is a small press magazine focussed on the game of Diplomacy that was published from 1969 to 1975 by Don Turnbull.
Development and publication history
In the mid-1960s, Don Turnbull became interested in the game of Diplomacy, and specifically in the development of a play-by-mail version. Unlike a play-by-mail chess game, where the two players merely had to alternately send each other the latest move, play-by-mail Diplomacy had seven players who had to reveal their "orders" for each turn simultaneously, which required the orders to be submitted to a neutral referee. In order to facilitate this, Turnbull had the idea of creating a zine dedicated to refereeing Diplomacy games. Each player would mail their orders to him, and he would publish everyone's orders in his zine. In order to reach Diplomacy players in the UK who might be interested in this concept, Turnbull used his American contacts through wargaming circles to borrow a mailing list from the Avalon Hill International Kriegspiel Society (AHIKS). There was enough interest in his concept that Turnbull was able to organize a play-by-mail game, and published the first turn's orders in the first issue of Albion on July 2, 1969. The issue was eight A4 pages long, hand-typed and mimeographed, with cover art by George Forster.
According to Diplomacy Zines, Albion was "the first ever Diplomacy zine published in the UK."
Issues appeared roughly monthly, although occasionally Turnbull would publish two issues in a month. Circulation of the first few issues remained low, less than 30. But by Issue 21, circulation was high enough that Turnbull decided to move the Diplomacy games to a separate zine called Courier, while Albion focussed on wargames.
At this time, Ian Livingstone and Steve Jackson lived in the same town as Turnbull, and became acquainted with him via Albion. Starting in May 1971 with Issue 28, Livingstone began to produce covers for some issues of Albion. After Livingstone and Jackson moved to London to start up Games Workshop, they continued to stay in touch with Turnbull.
With other projects taking precedence, the time between issues of Albion became longer and longer. Turnbull finally made the decision to bring publication to an end in January 1975 with Issue 50, which was 109 pages long with 17 separate articles and three complete games in separate supplements.
After the final issue was published, Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone reached out to Turnbull to use his mailing list to send each Albion subscriber a copy of the first issue of their newsletter Owl and Weasel in order to drum up business. After Owl & Weasel morphed into the glossy magazine White Dwarf, Livingstone commissioned Turnbull to write articles.
Awards
At the 1975 Origins Awards, Albion won the first ever Charles S. Roberts Award for Best Amateur Magazine of 1974.
In 2013, UK Games Expo selected Don Turnbull (posthumously) as one of the first five inductees into their Hall of Fame for "almost single-handedly kicking off the gaming 'zine scene with his Diplomacy-focused magazine Albion".
References
Game magazines
Origins Award winners
The British Virgin Islands national rugby union team represents the British Virgin Islands in international rugby union. The nation is a member of the International Rugby Board (IRB) and have yet to play in a Rugby World Cup tournament. The British Virgin Islands played their first international in 1996 – losing to Barbados 17 – 0.
The British Virgin Islands compete in the NACRA Caribbean Championship, a tournament which includes Antigua, Trinidad and Tobago, the Cayman Islands, Jamaica, the Bahamas, Bermuda, and Guyana.
Results
See also
Rugby union in the British Virgin Islands
References
External links
British Virgin Islands on IRB.com
British Virgin Islands on rugbydata.com
Rugby union in the British Virgin Islands
Caribbean national rugby union teams
National sports teams of the British Virgin Islands
This is a list of Kazan State University rectors:
Yakovkin Ilya Fedorovich (1804–1813)
Braun Johann (Ivan Osipovich) (1814–1819)
Gavriil II'ich Solntsev (1819–1820)
Nikolski Grigori Borisovich (1820–1823)
Fuchs Karl (Karl Fedorovich) (1823–1827)
Nikolai Lobachevsky (1827–1846)
Ivan Mikhailovich Simonov (1846–1855)
Kowalewski Osip Mikhaylovich (1855–1860)
Alexander Butlerov (1860–1863)
Osokin Yevgraf Gigoryevich (1863–1872,1876–1880)
Kremlev Nikolay Aleksandrovich (1872–1876,1885–1889)
Kowalewski Nikolay Osipovich (1880–1882)
Nikolai Nikitich Bulich (1882–1885)
Konstantin Vasilievich Voroshilov (1889–1899)
Dmitri Dubyago (1899–1905)
Lyubimov Nikolay Matveyevich (1905–1906)
Nikolai Pavlovich Zagoskin (1906–1909)
Dormidontov Grigori Fedorovich (1909–1918)
Bolotov Yevgeni Aleksandrovich (1918–1921)
Ovchinnikov Aleksandr Aleksandrovich (1921–1922)
M. N. Cheboksarov
Chirkovski Vasili Vasilyevich (1923–1925)
Lunyak Andrey Ivanovich (1926–1928)
Galanza Petr Nikolayevich (1928–1929)
Segal Moisey Abramovich (1929–1930)
Vekslin Noson-Ber Zalmanovich (1931–1935)
Qamay Gilem Khayrievich / Qamay Ğilem Xäyri ulı /ghee-LEM khay-REE oo-LE / (1935–1937)
Sitnikov Kirill Prokofyevich (1937–1951)
Dmitry Yakovlevich Martynov Obituary (1951–1954)
Mikhail Tikhonovich Nuzhin (1954–1979)
Alexander Ivanovich Konovalov (1979–1990)
Konoplev Yuri Gennadyevich (1990–2001)
Salakhov Myakzyum Khalimullovich (2002–2010)
Gafurov Il'shat Rafkatovich (2010-)
See also
List of rectors of the Moscow State University
Kazan
Kazan Federal University faculty
Deileptenia ribeata, the satin beauty, is a moth of the family Geometridae. The species was first described by Carl Alexander Clerck in 1759. It is found from Ireland, east through central Europe to Russia and Japan.
The wingspan is 30–40 mm. The forewing ground colour is usually mid to dark brown and the forewings have a slight mottled appearance. Very similar to the mottled beauty (Alcis repandata), Peribatodes rhomboidaria, Peribatodes secundaria and Peribatodes ilicaria See Townsend et al.
Adults are on wing from June to August. There is one generation per year.
Larvae feed on various coniferous trees, including Taxus baccata, Abies alba, Carpinus betulus, Betula, Quercus, Prunus spinosa, Vaccinium uliginosum, Lonicera xylosteum and Picea.
References
External links
Satin beauty at UKMoths
Lepiforum e.V.
Boarmiini
Moths described in 1759
Moths of Japan
Moths of Europe
Taxa named by Carl Alexander Clerck
Kacper Rosa (born 13 August 1994) is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Stilon Gorzów Wielkopolski.
Senior career
Rosa started his youth career with the club in his home town of Kostrzyn nad Odrą. He then had youth spells with other teams close by, with UKP Zielona Góra and Falubaz Zielona Góra based in Zielona Góra, and GKP Gorzów Wielkopolski based in Gorzów Wielkopolski. Rosa's big break came in 2012, when he joined the Ekstraklasa team Lechia Gdańsk. He joined the Lechia second team, with whom he played in the league with, playing a total of 27 games during his time with the club. A year after joining Lechia, Rosa signed a new deal keeping him with the club until 2017. However, he didn't complete the contract and joined league rivals Jagiellonia Białystok in 2015, before having his contract terminated in January 2016. After Jagiellonia, Rosa had short spells with Stilon Gorzów Wielkopolski and Świt Szczecin before joining ROW Rybnik in 2017.
References
External links
1994 births
Polish footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Living people
Lechia Gdańsk II players
Lechia Gdańsk players
Jagiellonia Białystok players
Stilon Gorzów Wielkopolski players
Odra Opole players
Wisła Kraków players
III liga players
II liga players
I liga players
Craig Ward McLanahan (January 15, 1883 – December 11, 1974) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1904 Summer Olympics.
In 1904 he finished fourth in pole vault competition. He also participated in the 110 metre hurdles event but was eliminated in the first round.
He was born in Hollidaysburg, Pennsylvania.
References
External links
sports reference
list of American athletes
1883 births
1974 deaths
American male pole vaulters
American male hurdlers
Olympic track and field athletes of the United States
Athletes (track and field) at the 1904 Summer Olympics
People from Hollidaysburg, Pennsylvania
The Caetrati were a type of light infantry in ancient Iberia who often fought as skirmishers. They were armed with a caetra shield, swords, and javelins.
History
Iberian warriors had been fighting as mercenaries throughout Europe since the 5th century BC, with their ferocity in battle and their fighting skills making them very good additions to any ancient army. The Carthaginian general Hannibal made excellent use of them during his campaigns against Rome during the Second Punic War; when the Romans defeated Carthage and conquered its colonies in Hispania, they soon began to expand their borders in the region; it took them 200 years to fully conquer and pacify the region. These warriors fought vigorously against the Romans, especially under the leadership of Viriathus the Lusitanian and his guerrilla tactics that the Romans had never seen before. Being agile by nature, and wearing almost no armour at all, these warriors were extremely mobile and would use hit-and-run tactics to harass the enemy and break their formations.
Equipment
Body armor
The majority of these soldiers wore simple tunics and lacked real armour because they relied on greater mobility. The cardiophylax was a very common piece of protection in ancient Iberia, most likely circular and with decorations and reliefs depicting animals and patterns. Strabo states the Celtiberians used a linen cuirass, probably in the Greek style. On the other hand, a number of vase paintings clearly show Iberian infantrymen wearing cuirasses of mail armour, with leather straps hanging down to protect the abdomen, but these heavier types of armour were probably used by the scutarii instead. The Iberians do not seem to have worn greaves, but Strabo states the Celtiberians did, and a number of reliefs do show infantrymen wearing greaves and short boots. The greaves may have been of metal or leather, but the ordinary soldier would probably have had greaves of felt.
Helmets
The Iberians wore bronze helmets, sometimes of Greek and Corinthian shape (due to Greek influence and trade in the southern and eastern parts of the peninsula), with either a low or high crest, but they seem to have been rare. They were probably worn only by the nobles and the tribal leaders. The crests are said to have been purple or crimson. The most common headwear seems to have been a simple helmet of bronze or leather, occasionally extended at the back to form a neckguard and with cheek guards added at the sides. Strabo says the Lusitanians wore helmets of sinew with a crest, and sculptures in southern Spain and South-west France do show some form of crested cap or hood. Diodorus Siculus says the Celtiberians wore helmets of brass or copper with red plumes. Another helmet widely used was the Montefortino helmet.
Montefortino
These helmets were mass produced and used during the First and Second Punic Wars, the Celtiberian Wars, the Lusitanian Wars and in the Civil War between Caesar and Pompeii. Montefortino helmets were believed to have originated in the Celtic occupied lands of northern Italy and soon became very common throughout the entire western Mediterranean. This helmet was so well thought of, and at the time so advanced, that it has been supposed that the Romans rapidly adopted it into their army. The Lusitanians seem to have not worn face guards perhaps because they blocked peripheral vision or just got in the way during combat. The soldiers would place a mane of dyed horse hair of various colours in it, or coloured feathers, perhaps to identify which tribe or military unit he belonged to or to signify rank, like a Roman centurion worn to indicate status within the Roman military formation.
Shield
Caetra
This was the only shield these light infantrymen used, hence their name. The shield was circular, with a diameter between 30 cm and 90 cm. It was tied to the warrior's body with ropes or leather strips that passed over the shoulder and that gave great mobility to fight both on foot and on horseback. The shapes and decorations of the shields had variations in their metal, wood or leather protection. In combat, the shield was not only effective at blocking, but also an extremely proficient secondary weapon: Iberian troops used the boss to punch opponents. These compact bucklers could be hung on a belt or across the back by a strap, so as not to be burdensome to the soldier on the march or foraging for food, but still handy for when the enemy was close. Cavalry would usually carry the buckler so as to not over encumber their mounts or limit their horsemanship.
Swords
Of all the weapons the Caetrati bore, the sword is the one that stands out the most. Iberians, Celtiberians and Lusitanians were among the finest swordsman of their time.
Falcata
The most emblematic weapon used by these warriors. It was without a doubt their weapon of choice for over several centuries. This can be said due to the large amounts of these swords found on excavation sites throughout Portugal and Spain.
According to the classical texts, the falcata used in the Iberian Peninsula was manufactured to perfection. Lusitanian warriors maintained a spiritual connection to their swords and when they died their swords were buried with them.
Diodorus reports that the falcatas were of such superior quality that no helmet, shield or bone could resist its devastating effect.
Gladius Hispaniensis
References to the gladius hispaniensis are abundant in classical texts. During the Roman conquest of the Iberian Peninsula, the Romans experienced firsthand the effectiveness of this sword. In the beginning of the Roman presence on the peninsula during the Second Punic War, Roman legions came into contact with Iberian mercenaries, impressed with the technical and operational levels of their swords, they quickly adopted and began using Iberian swords.
Spears
Warriors from Iberia made extensive use of spears. The spear was used by all iberian tribes and was described by many different terms, indicating a vast variety of models. they would throw the javelins in volleys to disorganize the enemy formation before charging into close combat with swords. These warriors used the javelin with deadly accuracy. From modern archaeological research, there seems to have been an assortment of spears which have been classified into three groups: traditional and conventional spears of wooden shafts and metal heads, the all-iron type called soliferrum by the Romans, and Lances.
Falarica
Of all the conventional spears and javelins the Iberian people used, the Falarica was the most dreaded. Livy makes a reference to it when mentioning that the falarica was used by the iberians against the Carthaginians near Saguntum. The falarica was a javelin with a long iron pointed rod of about 90 cm (35 inches) in length with a short wooden handle. Although the iron spearhead was a thin rod, a section was thick, giving the weapon weight to further improve its ability to penetrate and making it an armour-piercing weapon. Several vase paintings show the use of javelin thongs, wound round the shaft to impart a stabilizing spin and additional thrust when it was thrown. This weapon was so feared that when it stuck into a shield without entering the body, it terrified the enemy. As well as being a throwing spear, it was also used as a ranged incendiary device: bundles of grass or packs filled with a combustible substance were bound to it and ignited. During sieges, the burning falarica was thrown against wooden palisades and thatched roofs to start fires and cause havoc. When the Iberians were besieged, they hurled flaming falaricas at the besiegers' siege engines. As an incendiary device, it had an enormous psychological effect, helping to spread fear among enemy troops.
Soliferrum
The soliferrum was an Iberian ranged pole weapon made entirely of iron. It was forged from a single piece of iron usually measuring between 1.5 to 2 meters in length and around 1 cm in diameter. Though slim, the central part was usually thickened to facilitate a hand's grip. Sometimes there were mouldings of about 10 cm wide in the middle of the weapon to further improve grip and to prevent it from slipping because of sweaty hands. The soliferrum was an extremely effective heavy javelin. The weight and the density of its iron shaft, its small diameter and its narrow tip made the soliferrum an excellent armour-piercing weapon when it was thrown at close range, enabling it to further penetrate heavy shields and armour. Unlike the falarica, the soliferrum remained in use in the Iberian Peninsula under Roman rule until the end of the third century AD.
Tragula
In the collection at the Archaeological Museum of Zaragoza there is another type of throwing weapon which is rarely found, known as a tragula. The tip of this barbed spear came in several different forms. Usually it had only a sharpened tip with two or more small protruding spikes. This hybrid spear was something of a dart or arrow which was thrown from a long leather thong by which it was then recovered if possible. It proved to be dangerous to its user and deadly to its victim, for the barbed dart required to be cut out of its victim. Some minted Roman-Iberian coins bore on their reverse sides a military motif of a rider armed with a tragula.
Bibliography
Viriathus and the Lusitanian Resistance to Rome 155-139 BC
The Roman Wars in Spain
The Early History of Rome
Lake Trasimene 217 BC:
References
Ancient history of the Iberian Peninsula
Joan Olivia Wyndham (11 October 1921, in East Knoyle, Wiltshire – 8 April 2007, in London) was a British writer and memoirist who rose to literary prominence late in life through the diaries she had kept more than 40 years earlier, which were an account of her romantic adventures during the Second World War, when she was an attractive teenager who had strayed into London's Bohemian set. Her literary reputation rests on Love Lessons (1985) and Love Is Blue (1986), two selections from her diaries which led one critic to call her "a latterday Pepys in camiknickers."
Life
Wyndham's mother, Iris Bennett, was the daughter of British diplomat Andrew Percy Bennett and his Romanian wife Winifred. Winifred was later connected to senior Army officer Sir John French; Iris married Guy Richard Charles Wyndham (1896–1948), son of Guy Wyndham, was from the aristocratic Wyndham family of Petworth House, West Sussex. Her early years were spent in the Wiltshire countryside at the family residence, Clouds House. Her parents' marriage was failing by the time Joan was born, and they separated when she was four. After the divorce, mother and daughter went to live in west London, at 22 Evelyn Gardens, off Fulham Road, and sought solace in devout Roman Catholicism. Together, they attended Mass every day and confession once a week. Joan was sent to a Catholic boarding school, and developed a passion for the theatre and later art.
After her father was caught In flagrante delicto with the Marchioness of Queensbury, he followed the custom of the period by registering at a hotel in Brighton where he arranged for a private detective to photograph him in bed with a prostitute, rather than embarrass his lover. He later worked as a correspondent for The Sunday Times and was sent to the south-west Asia. In May 1948, while covering the 1948 Arab-Israeli War, he was killed by Israeli machine-gun fire in Jerusalem while photographing an Arab advance from a forward Arab Legion post.
In 1938 Joan won a place at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts (RADA), but the impending war forced RADA to close for the duration. The 17-year-old Wyndham soon volunteered to train as a nurse and in 1941 she joined the Women's Auxiliary Air Force (WAAF). During the war she was posted to: Preston (RAF Barton Hall), Stanmore (RAF Bentley Priory), Inverness (RAF Inverness) and Watnall (RAF Watnall). She made trips to London where she got to know Dylan Thomas, Julian MacLaren-Ross, M.J. Tambimuttu and other such bohemians.
Shortly after the war, she married Maurice Rowdon, with whom she had a daughter, Clare. When her husband took up a lecturership in Baghdad, Wyndham accompanied him and remained in Iraq for two years. An affair with their London lodger, Shura Shivarg, a Jewish academic of Russian descent who had grown up in pre-Communist China, led to an amicable divorce and second marriage, which also produced a daughter, Camilla.
Following a stint as a restaurant critic for What's On? (a precursor of Time Out), she moved to Oxford, where she set up the city's first espresso bar. Gravitating back to London, she worked as a sub-editor for Housewife magazine. In the 1960s she ran a hippie restaurant on Portobello Road and catered for many of the major pop festivals. In the 1970s she worked as a restaurant critic for Gault Millau and cooked for the actors at the Royal Court Theatre.
Eventually her younger daughter found her wartime diaries and encouraged her mother to edit and publish them. They were eventually acquired by William Heinemann, Ltd. and released in 1985 under the title Love Lessons, and followed by a 1986 sequel, Love Is Blue.
Love Lessons was read for BBC Radio 4 in ten instalments in February 1999, by Prunella Scales. Love Lessons was again adapted for BBC Radio 4 in five instalments in December 2003, with Emilia Fox as Joan.
Death
Joan Wyndham died of cancer in 2007, aged 85, survived by her two daughters. Her first and second husbands were still alive at the time of her death.
Works
Love Lessons: A Wartime Diary (1985) London: Heinemann 978-0-434-87860-4
Love is Blue: A Wartime Diary (1986) London: Heinemann 978-0-434-87861-1
Anything Once (1992) London: Sinclair-Stevenson 978-1-85619-129-6
Dawn Chorus (2004) London: Virago 978-1-84408-152-3
References
1921 births
2007 deaths
British memoirists
British writers
Writers from London
People from Wiltshire
Deaths from cancer in England
20th-century memoirists
British expatriates in Iraq
The Underground Bath or Abdulsalam Bath ( or ), located in Sheki, Azerbaijan, is a 19th- century landmark building. Situated in the heart of the Upper Main State Historical-Architectural Reserve, it is no longer used as intended.
History
The bath was built by entrepreneur Abdulsalam in the 19th century. The building, consisting of two great halls and wide rooms, is popularly known as the "Underground Bath" because part of it is located underground. And it is located within the Juma Mosque and religious school complex. The bath, refurbished by the Sheki Scientific Restoration and Production Union in 1995, is no longer used as intended. The bath includes a dressing room, a bathing area, two special rooms, a hallway, and a cold and hot water reservoir, called “xəzinə” (treasury). The 70 square-meter dressing room is about seven meters in width, ten meters in length and 12 meters in height. The 50 square-meter bathing area is five meters in width, ten meters in lengths, and wight meters in height. Rooms: I – covering an area of 25 square meters is five meters in width and five meters in length. II – covering an area of 7.5 square meters is three meters in width, two and half meters in length. Its total area is 89 square meters. The thickness of the wall is 80 centimeters. The building is 4 meters below ground level from the outside.
Photos
See also
Shaki Caravanserai
Juma Mosque in Sheki
Palace of Shaki Khans
References
World Heritage Sites in Azerbaijan
Baths of Shaki
The Philippine jungle flycatcher (Cyornis ruficauda) is a species of passerine bird in the Old World flycatcher family Muscicapidae.
It is endemic to the Philippines.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
This species was previously placed in the genus Rhinomyias but was moved to Cyornis based on the results of a 2010 molecular phylogenetic study. The Sulu jungle flycatcher (C. ocularis), which is endemic to the Sulu Archipelago, and the Crocker jungle flycatcher (C. ruficrissa), which is endemic to Borneo, were split as distinct species by the IOC in 2021. With the split, this species was renamed from rufous-tailed jungle flycatcher to Philippine jungle flycatcher.
References
Cyornis
Birds described in 1877
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Endemic birds of the Philippines
The All-Ireland Senior Club Football Championship is an annual Gaelic football tournament which began in season 1970–71. It is the top-tier competition for the senior football clubs of Ireland and London.
The current champions are Kilcoo of Down who defeated Kilmacud Crokes of Dublin on 12 February 2022 to win their first title.
The current trophy is the Andy Merrigan Cup, named after a footballer who played for Castletown and Wexford who died as a result of a farm accident at the height of his playing career. It was first presented in 1974.
Competition format
County Championships
Ireland's 32 counties play their county championships between their senior Gaelic football clubs. Each county decides the format for determining their county champions. The format can be knockout, double-elimination, league, etc. or a combination. For instance, Kerry organise two separate championships - one for clubs only and one for clubs and divisional sides.
Provincial Championships
Connacht, Leinster, Munster and Ulster each organise a provincial championship for their participating county champions. All matches are knock-out and two ten minute periods of extra time are played if it's a draw at the end of normal time.
All-Ireland Championship
The four provincial winners advance to the semi-finals. Until the 2018-19 competition, the London Senior Football Champion would play one of the provincial champions in a Quarter Final in December with the winner advancing to the Ireland Semi Final. The All-Ireland final was traditionally played in Croke Park on St. Patrick's Day, 17 March.
In an attempt to shorten the season for club players, the semi-finals and final were brought forward for the 2019–20 season. The semi finals were played on the first weekend in January with the final scheduled for 19 January.
Traditional Typical Schedule
County championships – April to November
Provincial championships – October to December
All-Ireland quarter-final – mid-December or January
All-Ireland semi-finals – mid-February
All-Ireland final – 17 March in Croke Park, Dublin
History
Ulster and Connacht tournaments were first held in the 1960s and the first unofficial All-Ireland Final took place in 1968. The final was contested by Dunmore McHales of Galway and St Josephs of Donegal. It was a two leg affair with St Josephs emerging as the winners. The motion was then brought to the GAA National Congress in 1969. Despite opposition from many delegations the motion received the necessary two-thirds majority.
The first winners in 1970–71 were an East Kerry divisional team (nowadays amalgamations of clubs are not allowed to enter the All-Ireland). In the following year, Bellaghy from Derry, became the first individual club to win the All-Ireland Club Championship by defeating UCC of Cork in the final at Croke Park.
The Andy Merrigan Cup was first awarded in 1974, donated by the Castletown club in memory of the great Wexford footballer who died in a farming accident at the height of his career.
Dublin clubs (UCD x2 and St Vincent's of Marino) won three-in-a-row All-Irelands in 1974–76, before Kerry and Cork clubs began to dominate, winning 9 titles in 13 years, 1977–89, including four for Nemo Rangers of Cork. Clann na nGael won 7 Connacht titles in 8 years (1983–90), but did not win a single All-Ireland.
St Mary's Burren of Down ended a 14-year Ulster drought when they were victorious in 1986. Baltinglass caused a major shock in 1990 by winning their and Wicklow's first national honour, while Nemo pulled ahead with their fifth title in 1994. In 1998, Corofin won Galway's and Connacht's first national award, six months before the county team's first All-Ireland for 32 years.
In the late 1990s the club championship rose to national prominence with regular TV coverage and the prestigious St Patrick's Day fixture in Croke Park for the final. Crossmaglen Rangers claimed 3 All-Irelands in 4 years from 1997 to 2000. While the Caltra club of Galway won their first Galway title, first Connacht award and first All-Ireland in one year, 2003–04. 2006 saw Salthill-Knocknacarra of Galway complete a Connacht three-in-a-row.
In 2010, St Gall's in Antrim beat Kilmurry-Ibrickane of Clare to win their first title.
All-Ireland club finals listed by year
Summary of All-Ireland champions
By club
Nineteen unlisted clubs have also managed to win a single title.
By county
L, M, U, C refer to Leinster/Munster/Ulster/Connacht championships won by clubs from the county. "Most recent winning team" gives the name of the club from the county which last won the All-Ireland; if no club has, the name of the last provincial champion is given in italic type.
No club from Cavan, Fermanagh, Kilkenny, Leitrim, London, Louth, Waterford or Wexford has ever won a national or provincial title.
By province
Provincial champions listed by year
All-Ireland winners are shaded gold, and counties are given in brackets.
See also
All-Ireland Intermediate Club Football Championship
All-Ireland Junior Club Football Championship
All-Ireland Senior Club Hurling Championship
All-Ireland Senior Football Championship
References
External links
2006 Results from Setanta.com/ie
List of GAA Clubs Online
"Flashback: five great St Patrick's Day Club SFC finals", Hogan Stand, 17 March 2021
Senior
Beit Dagan (, lit. "House of Grain") is a town and local council in the Central District of Israel. it had a population of in . It was awarded local council status in 1958.
History
During the Ottoman period, the area of Beit Dagan belonged to the Nahiyeh (sub-district) of Lod that encompassed the area of the present-day city of Modi'in-Maccabim-Re'ut in the south to the present-day city of El'ad in the north, and from the foothills in the east, through the Lod Valley to the outskirts of Jaffa in the west. This area was home to thousands of inhabitants in about 20 villages, who had at their disposal tens of thousands of hectares of prime agricultural land.
Beit Dagan was founded in 1948 at the site of the Palestinian village Bayt Dajan by Mizrahi Jewish immigrants from Yemen and North Africa. It is probably situated in the area of Biblical Beit Dagon, a village in the tribe of Judah (Joshua 15:41). Dagan, or Dagon, was also the name of an early semitic deity, and one of Dagans most important functions was guaranteeing abundant harvests of grain.
Climate
Beit Dagan is the home of the Israel Meteorological Service.
Beit Dagan has a Mediterranean climate with hot and rainless summers, and with cold and rainy winters. Springs and autumns are cool to warm. Humidity is high during winter and low during summer, which makes summers rainless and hot, between average high of 30.8 °C (87.4 °F) and average low of 20.4 °C (68.7 °F). Winters are rainy and mild, between average high of 18.5 °C (65.3 °F) and average low of 7.6 °C (45.7 °F). Beit Dagan receives 550.5 mm (21.7 in) of precipitation per year and there are only 7 months of heavy rain.
Gallery
Transportation
Beit Dagan's main transportation hub is the Beit Dagan Junction, between highway 44 and route 412, serving as a bus terminal for lines to Rishon LeZion, Tzrifin, Ashkelon, Tel Aviv, Petah Tikva, Rehovot, etc.
The large Shapirim Interchange (intersection of Highway 1 and Route 412) is located on the northern side of town.
Notable residents
Yam Madar (born 2000), Israeli professional basketball player
References
External links
Local councils in Central District (Israel)
Populated places established in 1948
1948 establishments in Israel
Civil Twilight is the debut studio album of Civil Twilight. It was released on 21 July 2009. It features many alternative rock and classical influences. Many have drawn parallels between the band's debut and the early work of U2 along with Muse. Steven McKellar's vocals have been compared to that of Radiohead's Thom Yorke and Jeff Buckley. During its original independent release by the band in 2007, the album was originally titled Human.
Singles
Letters from the Sky was the first single to be released from this album. It reached number 7 on Billboard Alternative Songs chart. It also reached number 25 on the Rock Songs chart. It is their best charting single to date on that chart.
Critical reception
Civil Twilight received general acclaim from those who reviewed it, with three main reviewers giving positive ratings.
Commercial performance
Civil Twilight charted at number 16 on the Billboard Heatseekers chart. Its first single, Letters from the Sky, peaked at number 7 on the Alternative Songs chart and at number 25 on the Rock Songs chart.
In popular culture
The song "Human" was not only used in an episode of Alias, but also in a promo for the match between Vince McMahon and Bret Hart at WrestleMania XXVI.
"Human" was also used in the ending of the House episode "Frozen".
"Letters from the Sky" has been used multiple times.
On film it played during closing credits of the film I Am Number Four, the trailer for Left Behind and in the film Legendary.
In television, it can be heard in the episodes of Series Harper's Island. The Mentalist, One Tree Hill, Shameless and The Originals
The song also went on to be used in many different media promotions, used for the Iron Man match between John Cena and Randy Orton for the WWE Championship at WWE Bragging Rights and the rematch between Cena and The Rock for the WWE Championship at WrestleMania 29, the WTA's "Strong is Beautiful" campaign in 2011 and teasers for the SyFy Defiance and The Event's spring return
Track listing
Lyrics by Steven Mckellar
All music are credited to Steven McKellar, Andrew McKellar and Richard Wouters. However, the actual composers of each song are listed below.
Personnel
Steven McKellar – bass guitar, lead vocals, keyboards
Andrew McKellar – guitar, backing vocals
Richard Wouters – drums, percussion
References
2010 albums
Civil Twilight (band) albums
Campaign Money Watch is an independent, non-profit, and non-partisan political activist organization, organized as a 527 group. It is primarily known for ads it ran against Republican candidate John McCain in the run up to the 2008 United States presidential election. The group takes in funding from labor unions such as the American Federation of State, County, and Municipal Employees.
References
External links
campaignmoney.org
2008 United States presidential election
Cefn Cribwr RFC is a rugby union club based in the village of Cefn Cribwr near Bridgend. They currently play in WRU Division Five South Centrals and run a senior and a youth team.
Past players of note
Keith Bradshaw
Website
https://web.archive.org/web/20101212063636/http://www.pitchero.com/clubs/cefncribwr/
Welsh rugby union teams
The Izmir–Afyon railway () is a mostly single-track railway in the Aegean Region of Turkey, connecting Afyonkarahisar to the port city of Izmir. The railway is the main freight and passenger train route from the Aegean region to Central Anatolia. It was built between 1865–90 by the Smyrna Cassaba Railway and is the second oldest railway in Turkey. Today the line is owned by the Turkish State Railways.
Operations
TCDD Taşımacılık operates regional and inter-city passenger service from Izmir to Uşak and Afyon, and further to Konya. In Izmir, the railway hosts İZBAN commuter rail service from the city center to Menemen, where the Northern Line branches off to Aliağa. TCDD Taşımacılık also operates frequent freight trains, mostly from the industrial Aliağa region into central Anatolia. Since 2018 Omsan operates bulk freight trains from the port of Aliağa to Kayseri, using the railway.
References
Standard gauge railways in Turkey
Railway lines opened in 1865
A stand-in is a substitute actor for another actor in television or film.
Stand In may also refer to:
Film and television
Stand-In, a 1937 American comedy film
The Stand-In (1999 film), an American drama film
The Stand In (2020 film), an American comedy film
The Perfect Date (working title The Stand-In), a 2019 American teen romantic comedy film
The Stand-In (TV series), a 2014 Chinese television series
"The Stand In" (Seinfeld), a 1994 episode of Seinfeld
Music
The Stand-In (album), by Caitlin Rose, 2013
The Stand Ins, an album by Okkervil River, 2008
"Stand In", a song by Don Robertson
See also
Stand (disambiguation)
Hoffman Peak () is a peak rising to north-northeast of Mount McLennan in the Asgard Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica. It was named by the New Zealand Geographic Board (1998) after J.H. (Jack) Hoffman, a drilling specialist who helped establish the New Zealand Scott Base and erect its various antennae.
References
Mountains of the Asgard Range
Scott Coast
Heartbeat stars are pulsating variable binary star systems in eccentric orbits with vibrations caused by tidal forces. The name "heartbeat" comes from the similarity of the light curve of the star with what a heartbeat looks like through an electrocardiogram if their brightness was mapped over time. Many heartbeat stars have been discovered with the Kepler Space Telescope.
Orbital information
Heartbeat stars are binary star systems where each star travels in a highly elliptical orbit around the common mass center, and the distance between the two stars varies drastically as they orbit each other. Heartbeat stars can get as close as a few stellar radii to each other and as far as 100 times that distance during one orbit. As the star with the more elliptical orbit swings closer to its companion, gravity will stretch the star into a non-spherical shape, changing its apparent light output. At their closest point in orbit, the tidal forces cause the shape of the heartbeat stars to fluctuate rapidly. When the stars reach the point of their closest encounter, the mutual gravitational pull between the two stars will cause them to become slightly ellipsoidal in shape, which is one of the reasons for their observed brightness being so variable.
Discoveries
Heartbeat stars were studied for the first time on the basis of OGLE project observations. The Kepler Space Telescope with its long monitoring of the brightness off hundreds of thousands of stars enabled the discovery of many heartbeat stars. One of the first binary systems discovered to show the elliptical orbits, KOI-54, has been shown to increase in brightness every 41.8 days. A subsequent study in 2012 characterized 17 additional objects from the Kepler data and united them as a class of binary stars.
A study which measured the rotation rate of star spots on the surface of heartbeat stars showed that most heartbeat stars rotate slower than expected. A study which measured the orbits of 19 heartbeat star systems, found that surveyed heartbeat stars tend to be both bigger and hotter than the Sun.
The star HD 74423, discovered using NASA's Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite, was found to be unusually teardrop-shaped, which causes the star to pulsate only on one side, the first known heartbeat star to do so.
References
Further reading
Kepler space telescope
Variable stars
Paul McDonald (born 1961 in Walsall) is a British academic, comic novelist, and poet. He teaches English and American Literature at the University of Wolverhampton, where he also runs the Creative and Professional Writing Programme.
He left school at 16 and began work as a saddlemaker, an occupation that provides the backdrop for his first novel, Surviving Sting (2001). After a period studying with the Open University, McDonald entered full-time education at Birmingham Polytechnic, where he began writing fiction, initially producing stories for the women's romance market under a female pseudonym. He later won a scholarship to research a PhD, and in 1994 took an academic post teaching American literature at the University of Wolverhampton.
His second novel, Kiss Me Softly, Amy Turtle (2004) is a comic mystery satirising the Midlands town of Walsall, while his third, Do I Love You? (2008), takes Northern Soul as its theme. His poetry began appearing in the early 1990s and embraces a range of themes and styles. Again humour is a feature, as is surrealism, but he also writes serious love poetry, and verse about art and travel. His most recent collections are Catch a Falling Tortoise (2007) and An Artist Goes Bananas (2012). McDonald's poetry has won several prizes, including the 2012 John Clare Prize. His academic writing includes books on Philip Roth, Joseph Heller, the fiction of The Black Country, and humour.
As a humour specialist, McDonald has made several TV appearances, including on BBC Breakfast and The One Show, and he is credited with identifying the oldest joke in the world. He discusses the latter, and some of the ideas contained in his book The Philosophy of Humour with Michael Grade in the BBC documentary Michael Grade & The World's Oldest Joke.
Bibliography
Poetry
The Right Suggestion (1999)
Catch a Falling Tortoise (2007)
An Artist Goes Bananas (2012)
Rimbaud's Hair (2017)
Novels
Surviving Sting (2001)
Kiss Me Softly, Amy Turtle (2004)
Do I Love You? (2008)
Criticism
Fiction from the Furnace (2002)
Students Guide to Philip Roth (2003)
Laughing at the Darkness (2011)
Reading Catch-22 (2012)
Reading Toni Morrison's Beloved (2013)
Storytelling (2014)
Philip Roth Through the Lens of Kepesh (2016)
The Enigmas of Confinement (2018)
Lydia Davis: A Study (2019)
Allen Ginsberg:Cosmopolitan Comic (2020)
Philosophy
The Philosophy of Humour (2013)
As editor
Loffing Matters (2006)
The Tipping Point (2012)
References
External links
Publisher's Website (fiction)
Publisher's Website (poetry)
University of Wolverhampton Staff Page
An Independent on Sunday article in which Paul McDonald discusses humour
A Birmingham Post article in which Paul McDonald gives advice on how to write humour.
English male poets
English literary critics
21st-century English novelists
Alumni of Birmingham City University
Academics of the University of Wolverhampton
Living people
1961 births
English male novelists
21st-century English male writers
English male non-fiction writers
Tetulia B. M. C. College is a private higher secondary school in Tetulia, Naogaon Sadar Upazila, Bangladesh.
Colleges in Naogaon District
Educational institutions established in 2000
2000 establishments in Bangladesh
St Magnus's Church is a ruined medieval church located on the island of Egilsay, in Orkney, Scotland. The site is recognized as the place of execution of Saint Magnus Erlendsson, Earl of Orkney, in the 12th century. The roofless structure dates back to the 12th century, and has been described by Historic Environment Scotland (HES) as second only to St Magnus Cathedral, Kirkwall, as a surviving Norse church in Scotland.
Description
St Magnus's Church is located near the northwest coast of the island of Egilsay, in Orkney, Scotland. Egilsay belongs to the three island group of Rousay, Egilsay and Wyre. These islands are also known as the Inner Northern Isles.
The church was built in the Romanesque style, with a rectangular nave, a chancel at the east end and a round tower at the west end. A door leads from the tower to the central nave of the church. The altar was located in the chancel, which opens directly to the nave. The chancel originally had an upper story. Both the nave and the chancel originally had steeply pitched, stone roofs that were taken down by 1847. Windows and doors have rounded arches. The round tower is currently a height of , but it originally would have been around , and four or five stories tall when built. It tapers towards the top. The tower is similar to other round church towers found in northern Germany and countries bordering the North Sea, and Ireland. The site also consists of a graveyard surrounding the church.
The site is maintained by Historic Scotland as a scheduled ancient monument. Egilsay is accessible by ferry from Tingwall on the Orkney Mainland.
At present (January, 2022), the site is listed as "not open to visitors due to high level masonry inspections".
History
The Orkneyinga saga records that around 1116, Magnus Erlendsson, Earl of Orkney, travelled to the island to resolve a dispute with his rival, Earl Haakon. St Magnus spent the night on the island, possibly in a church, and the next day was captured by Haakon and executed. In 1136, Bishop William of Orkney, sanctified the murdered Earl, who became Saint Magnus, and it is thought that the present church was constructed shortly afterwards on the supposed site of the murder. There may have been an earlier church at or near the site before the murder of Magnus. The existing structure is the last surviving of the round-towered churches of the Northern Isles.
References
12th-century church buildings in Scotland
Historic Scotland properties in Orkney
Scandinavian Scotland
Churches in Orkney
Scheduled Ancient Monuments in Orkney
Romanesque architecture in Scotland
Estádio Municipal Felipe Raulino, known as Felipão, is a multi-use stadium in Altos, Piauí, Brazil. It is used mostly for football matches, and has a maximum capacity of 4,000 people.
Inaugurated on 23 September 1992 in a match between a XIs from the city of Altos and Campo Maior, the stadium only had its official match on 26 September 2015, in a Campeonato Piauiense Série B match between Associação Atlética de Altos and . Their record attendance match occurred on 7 February 2018, in a Copa do Brasil home win for Altos over Atlético Goianiense.
References
Football venues in Piauí
Associação Atlética de Altos
Sports venues in Piauí
Bertolino is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Cláudio Bertolino (born 1963), Brazilian racewalker
Enrique Bertolino (1912–1997), Argentine golfer
Jean Bertolino (born 1936), French journalist and author
See also
Bertolin
Bertolini
Barbera bianca
The 1982–83 Minnesota North Stars season was the North Stars' 16th season.
Coached by Glen Sonmor (22–12–9) and Murray Oliver (18–12–7), the team compiled a record of 40–24–16 for 96 points, to finish the regular season 2nd in the Norris Division. In the playoffs they won the division semi-finals 3–1 over the Toronto Maple Leafs, but lost the division finals 4–1 to the Chicago Black Hawks.
Offseason
NHL Draft
In the summer of 1982, General Manager Lou Nanne orchestrated one of the franchise's biggest moves ever, and landed a star in the making, by drafting highly coveted Brian Bellows. It paid immediate dividends, as he would score 35 goals in his rookie campaign, and helped the team to finish with 40 wins and 96 regular season points - both the most ever recorded in the 26 years the franchise was based in Minnesota. Once again, though, the North Stars fell in the playoffs to the pesky Denis Savard and Al Secord-led Chicago Black Hawks in the second round of the playoffs.
Regular season
Final standings
Schedule and results
Player statistics
Forwards
Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalty minutes
Defencemen
Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalty minutes
Goaltending
Note: GP = Games played; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; SO = Shutouts; GAA = Goals against average
Playoffs
Awards and records
References
North Stars on Hockey Database
Minnesota North Stars seasons
Minnesota North Stars
Minnesota North Stars
Minnesota Twins
Minnesota Twins
Deh-e Darugheh (, also Romanized as Deh-e Dārūgheh) is a village in Rivand Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 102, in 27 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Love in the Desert is a 1929 American drama film directed by George Melford and starring Olive Borden, Hugh Trevor, and Noah Beery. Originally made as a silent film, sound was then added and it was released in two separate versions.
Cast
Preservation status
Prints of Love in the Desert survive in Cineteca Del Friuli (Gemona) and Centre national du cinéma et de l'image animée (Fort de Bois-d'Arcy).
References
Bibliography
Hsu-Ming Teo. Desert Passions: Orientalism and Romance Novels. University of Texas Press, 2012.
External links
1929 films
1920s English-language films
Films directed by George Melford
American black-and-white films
American drama films
1929 drama films
Film Booking Offices of America films
1920s American films
A choroid plexus carcinoma (WHO grade III) is a type of choroid plexus tumor that affects the choroid plexus of the brain. It is considered the worst of the three grades of chord plexus tumors, having a much poorer prognosis than choroid atypical plexus papilloma (WHO grade II) and choroid plexus papilloma (WHO grade I). The disease creates lesions in the brain and increases cerebrospinal fluid volume, resulting in hydrocephalus.
Signs and symptoms
The symptoms of choroid plexus carcinoma are similar to those of other brain tumors. They include:
Persistent or new onset headaches
Macrocephaly or bulging fontanels in infants.
Loss of appetite (refusal to take food in infants)
Papilledema
Nausea and emesis
Ataxia
Strabismus
Developmental delays
Altered mental status
Cause
The cause of choroid plexus carcinomas are relatively unknown, although hereditary factors are suspected. They sometimes occur in conjunction with other hereditary cancers, including Li–Fraumeni syndrome and malignant rhabdoid tumors. A mutation in the tumor suppressor gene TP53 is usually characterized in this disease.
Pathophysiology
Choroid plexus carcinomas typically occur in the lateral ventricles in children and in the fourth ventricle of adults. The third ventricle is the least common ventricle effected. This is unlike most other pediatric and adult tumors, as the locations of the tumors are typically reversed. These tumors are usually found in the infratentorial region in children and in the supratentorial space in adults. Choroid plexus carcinomas can induce hydrocephalus through a variety of mechanisms, including blockage of normal cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) flow, the tumor overproducing CSF, spontaneous hemorrhage, and expansion of the ventricles.
The tumors most frequently spread through the CSF. As a result, metastases frequently occur along the central nervous system, particularly in the leptomeninges. In rare cases, metastases have been reported to spread to the abdomen and extra-cranial sites.
Diagnosis
Treatment
Treatment of choroid plexus carcinoma depends on the location and severity of the tumor. Possible interventions include inserting shunts, surgical resection, radiotherapy, and chemotherapy. Inserting a shunt could help to drain the CSF and relieve pressure on the brain. The best outcomes occur when total resection of the tumor is combined with adjuvant chemotherapy and radiotherapy. In the event of subtotal resection or widespread leptomeningeal disease, craniospinal irradiation is often used.
Incidence
Choroid plexus tumors have an annual incidence of about 0.3 per 1 million cases.
It is seen mainly in children under the age of 5, representing 5% of all pediatric tumors and 20% of tumors in children less than 1 year old. There has been no link between sex and occurrence.
Although choroid plexus carcinomas are significantly more aggressive and have half the survival rate as choroid plexus papillomas, they are outnumbered in incidence by 5:1 in all age groups. Clinical studies have shown that patients who receive a total resection of a tumor have an 86% survival rate, while patients who only receive a partial resection have a 26% 5-year survival rate. Many incomplete resections result in recurrence within 2 years of primary surgery.
See also
Choroid plexus
Brain tumor
Cancer of the brain
References
External links
Brain tumor
The Brussel Formation (; ; abbreviation: Br) is a geologic formation in the subsurface of central Belgium. The formation is named after the Belgian capital, Brussels. It consists of shallow marine sandstone and calcareous sands, deposited in the sea that covered Belgium 45 million years ago, in the Eocene.
The Brussel Formation crops out in Walloon Brabant and the north of the provinces of Namur and Hainaut. It is normally about 30 metres in thickness. In Flemish Brabant and Antwerp the formation can be found in the subsurface.
The Brussel Formation is subdivided into five members: the Archennes Member (conglomerates), the Bois de la Houssière Member (quartzites), the Chaumont-Gistoux Member (glauconiferous quartzites), the Diegem Member (glauconiferous quartzite) and the Neerijse Member (glauconiferous calcareous sand). The formation consists either of cross-bedded non-calcareous sands alternating with thin beds of marl and clay or calcareous fine sands with traces of bioturbation.
The formation was formed during the early Lutetian age (about 46 million years ago) and is part of the Zenne Group. Stratigraphically on top of the Brussel Formation is the Lede Formation (also part of the Zenne Group), or when this formation is absent the Maldegem Formation (Bartonian) or Tongeren Group (Priabonian to Rupelian). The Brussel Formation is normally lying stratigraphically on top of the Aalter Formation (part of the Zenne Group) or deposits of the Ieper Group.
See also
List of sedimentary formations in Belgium
References
Bibliography
Laga, P.; Louwye, S. & Geets, S. (eds.); 2001: Paleogene and Neogene lithostratigraphic units (Belgium), Geologica Belgica 4(1-2), p. 135-152
Geologic formations of Belgium
Eocene Series of Europe
Paleogene Belgium
Rob Yeung (Ph.D.) is a British psychologist, business speaker, and management author. He has published research studies on personality in academic journals, particularly Personality and Individual Differences. He writes a column on confidence for UK newspaper The Daily Telegraph and contributes to newspapers including Financial Times, The Guardian and The Sunday Times. He appears on television programmes including CNBC news, Celebrity Big Brother, BBC Breakfast, CNN news, and Working Lunch on the BBC. He is a columnist for Accounting and Business, a periodical published ten times a year by the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA).
He is a Director at Talentspace, a leadership consulting firm. He has a B.Sc. in psychology from University of Bristol and a Ph.D. in psychology from King's College London, University of London. He is a chartered psychologist and Associate Fellow of the British Psychological Society.
He previously presented the BBC television series Who Would Hire You? in which real life candidates went through the recruitment process. He also presented a further series for the BBC entitled How To Get Your Dream Job and has been an expert on Big Brother's Little Brother. He assisted Jade Goody in her search for a personal assistant in the 2006 Living series Jade's P.A and Pete Burns in the 2007 series Pete's PA. He was the resident psychologist for the 2007 BBC Three series The Restaurant: You're Fried!. He acted as resident psychologist on both Celebrity Big Brother and Big Brother in 2009.
Works
2020 – 10% Better: Easy Ways to Beat Stress, Think Smarter, Get Healthy and Achieve Any Goal
2017 – Confidence 2.0: The New Science of Self-Confidence
2015 – How To Stand Out: Proven Tactics for Getting Noticed
2014 – How To Win: The Argument, the Pitch, the Job, the Race
2013 – Confidence: Transform the way you feel so you can achieve the things you want
2012 – You Can Change Your Life: Easy steps to getting what you want
2012 – E is for Exceptional: The new science of success
2011 – I Is For Influence: The new science of persuasion
2011 – Confidence: The power to take control and live the life you want
2010 – The Extra One Per Cent: How small changes make exceptional people
2009 – Personality: How to unleash your hidden strengths
2009 – Job Hunting for Rookies
2008 – Confidence: The art of getting whatever you want
2008 – Successful Interviewing and Recruitment (Sunday Times Creating Success)
2008 – Should I Sleep with the Boss? And 99 Other Questions about Having a Great Career
2008 – Should I Tell the Truth? And 99 Other Questions about Succeeding at Interviews and Job Hunting
2007 – The Rules of Entrepreneurship
2006 – Answering Tough Interview Questions for Dummies
2006 – Public Speaking and Presentations for Dummies (co-written with Malcolm Kushner)
2006 – The Rules of EQ
2006 – The Rules of Office Politics
2006 – The Rules of Networking
2004 – Successful Interviews Every Time
2003 – Coaching People
2002 – Making Workshops Work
2001 – Anyone Can Sell
References
Archive of Accounting and Business magazine. Retrieved 2018-01-08.
Television interview: How can you win more arguments?. Squawk Box television interview on CNBC. Retrieved on 2014-11-01.
BBC Breakfast television interview. BBC Television interview. Retrieved on 2014-09-18.
Six ways to deal with stress. The Daily Telegraph 2010-01-11.
Dr Rob Yeung is the Gok Wan of work and careers. The Daily Mirror 2009-09-17.
Trio of books by Yeung to Pan Macmillan. The Bookseller 2009-07-23.
CV advice. BBC Working Lunch. Retrieved on 2009-02-06.
Speaker Biography. Rob Yeung profile on Celebrity Speakers. Retrieved on 2008-02-11.
Reality TV show for interview expert. onrec 2005-05-09. Retrieved on 2007-07-27.
Psychologist on Jade's PA. UK Gameshows. Retrieved on 2007-10-23.
How to shine in interviews. The Daily Telegraph 2005-04-04. Retrieved on 2007-07-27.
A faker's guide to mastering office politics. The Sunday Times 2006-06-15. Retrieved on 2007-07-27.
The Restaurant: You're Fried!. Episode World 2007-08-30. Retrieved on 2007-09-02.
Effects of personality and acute exercise on mood states. Personality and Individual Differences 1995-09-12.
Big Brother's Little Brother episode guide. TV.com episode guide.
External links
robyeung.com - official site
youtube - clip from BBC TV show 'Get Your Dream Job'
Amazon's Rob Yeung page - full list of books
Living people
Alumni of King's College London
Business speakers
British psychologists
Year of birth missing (living people)
The (; abbreviated OKM) was the high command and the highest administrative and command authority of the Kriegsmarine. It was officially formed from the Marineleitung ("Naval Command") of the Reichswehr on 11 January 1936. In 1937 it was combined with the newly formed Seekriegsleitung (SKL). There were two major re-organisations, in November 1939 and May 1944.
Organization
The OKM was broadly divided into six sections:
At the top was the Oberbefehlshaber der Marine (OBdM) – the Commander-in-Chief and his staff, with responsibility for liaison with the OKW, and including planning, technical, engineering, medical, economic, research, propaganda and personnel departments.
The Seekriegsleitung (SKL) ("Naval Warfare Command") was formed on 1 April 1937. Originally closely linked with both the OBdM and the Marinekommandoamt, with the Commander-in-Chief (OBdM) also the Chief of the SKL, and the Chief of the Marinekommandoamt doubling as the SKL Chief of Staff. From 23 August 1939 the offices were split and the Marinekommandoamt became subordinate to the SKL with its own Chief and staff. The SKL led the planning and execution of naval warfare and directed the distribution of naval forces, though during the war its authority was limited to non-domestic sea-areas, and in February 1943 when Dönitz was appointed OBdM it also lost control over U-boat operations. On 1 May 1944 the Chief of Staff of the SKL was re-designated the Chef der Seekriegsleitung. The office was then tasked with the command of fleet units operating as transports, blockade runners, auxiliary cruisers and supply shipping.
The Marinekommandoamt ("Naval Command Department") was formed on 11 January 1936 with the formation of the OKM, but had previously existed in the Marineleitung since 1920. Subordinate to the Oberbefehshaber der Marine, from April 1937 the Chef des Marinekommandoamt also served as the Chief of Staff of the SKL. In mid-1939 the two offices were split and the Marinekommandoamt received a new Chief who was subordinate to the Chief of Staff of the SKL. From 1942 the office was also known as the Quartiermeisteramt and from 20 April 1943 the Chief was re-titled Admiralquartiermeister. On 1 May 1944 the office was officially re-designated the Quartiermeisteramt. As well as naval operations the Marinekommandoamt had responsibilities in manning, supply, intelligence, training, and in coastal and air defence.
The Marinewaffenamt ("Naval Weapons Department") was formed in 1934, and was renamed the Marinewaffenhauptamt ("Naval Weapons Head Department") in 1939, and to Kriegsmarine-Rüstung ("Navy Armaments") in 1944, and oversaw the development, testing and production of naval weapons of all kinds, as well as electronic counter-measures and radio communications.
The Allgemeines Marineamt ("General Navy Department") founded in January 1936, renamed Allgemeine Marinehauptamt ("General Navy Head Department") in November 1939, and again to Kriegsmarine-Wehr ("Navy Defense") in 1944, was concerned mainly with administrative matters; it included legal, medical, economic, construction and export departments.
The Konstruktionsamt ("Construction Department"), formed in 1936, was renamed Amt Kriegsschiffsbau ("Department of Warship Construction") in 1939, and later the same year to Hauptamt Kriegsschiffsbau ("Head Department of Warship Construction"), before reverting to its previous designation in 1944. As its name suggests this department dealt with the construction of new vessels for the navy, dealing with the design and engineering of ships and U-boats, working with suppliers and shipyards, and liaising with the Ministry of Armaments and War Production.
The Flottenchef (Fleet commander) of the Kriegsmarine was also considered a serving member of the OKM.
List of commanders
The Commanders-in-Chief (Oberbefehlshaber der Marine) of the Kriegsmarine were:
Flags of the Commander-in-Chief
On 7 November 1935 a decree was issued by Werner von Blomberg, the Reichskriegsminister and Commander-in-Chief of the German Armed Forces ordering the introduction of a new pattern of flag for use by the Commander-in-Chief of the Kriegsmarine. The flag consisted of a white square on which was displayed a large black Iron Cross. Placed behind it were two straight bladed unsheathed swords in bright yellow, crossed at right angles to each other. The flag was modified when on 1 April 1939 Erich Raeder rose to the rank of Großadmiral. The flag continued to be in use when Karl Dönitz came into this position on 30 January 1943. The swords were replaced by a pair of Admiral's batons crossed at right angles. Superimposed over both the crossed batons and the Iron Cross was a Wehrmachtsadler ("Armed Forces' Eagle") in gold, facing towards the hoist. On 30 January 1943 a further special flag was introduced for Großadmiral Raeder in order to represent his position as Admiralinspekteur of the Kriegsmarine. It was in the same design as for the Commander-in-Chief of the Navy, but with the addition of a wide light blue border.
References
German High Command during World War II
Kriegsmarine
Naval headquarters
Germany, Nazi
Lister Cove is a 2.1 km wide cove indenting for 1.55 km the northeast coast of Varna Peninsula, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica south of Pomorie Point and north of Karavelova Point. The cove is fed by Rose Valley Glacier.
It was named by James Weddell. British mapping in 1825 and 1968, and Bulgarian mapping in 2005 and 2009 from the Tangra 2004/05 survey.
Maps
South Shetland Islands. Scale 1:200000 topographic map No. 5657. DOS 610 – W 62 60. Tolworth, UK, 1968.
Islas Livingston y Decepción. Mapa topográfico a escala 1:100000. Madrid: Servicio Geográfico del Ejército, 1991.
L.L. Ivanov et al. Antarctica: Livingston Island and Greenwich Island, South Shetland Islands. Scale 1:100000 topographic map. Sofia: Antarctic Place-names Commission of Bulgaria, 2005.
L.L. Ivanov. Antarctica: Livingston Island and Greenwich, Robert, Snow and Smith Islands. Scale 1:120000 topographic map. Troyan: Manfred Wörner Foundation, 2009.
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly upgraded and updated.
L.L. Ivanov. Antarctica: Livingston Island and Smith Island. Scale 1:100000 topographic map. Manfred Wörner Foundation, 2017.
References
Lister Cove. SCAR Composite Gazetteer of Antarctica
Coves of Livingston Island
Hanger Lane is a major road in Ealing, London, England. The majority of the road forms the westernmost part of the A406 North Circular Road, running north from the A4020 Uxbridge Road at Ealing Common to the A40 Western Avenue at the Hanger Lane gyratory. This complex and busy junction incorporates Hanger Lane Underground station on the Central line of the London Underground. North of the gyratory, Hanger Lane continues along the A4005 to Vicar's Bridge and the border with Alperton in the London Borough of Brent.
The road takes its name from Hanger Hill, which is also the name of the surrounding area. The name comes from the Old English word hangra, meaning a wooded slope.
References
Streets in the London Borough of Ealing
The rufous-rumped seedeater (Sporophila hypochroma), also known as the grey-and-chestnut seedeater, is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae. It breeds in southern Paraguay, Argentina, and Uruguay. It migrates northward to Bolivia, the Pantanal and central Brazil. Its natural habitats are dry savanna, subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland, and pastureland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
rufous-rumped seedeater
Birds of Paraguay
Birds of Argentina
rufous-rumped seedeater
rufous-rumped seedeater
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
St. Joseph Academy Catholic High School is a private Catholic high school in unincorporated St. Johns County, Florida (with a St. Augustine postal address). It is located in and administered by the Roman Catholic Diocese of St. Augustine. The oldest Catholic high school in Florida, it was founded in 1866.
History
St. Joseph Academy, founded in 1867, by the Sisters of St. Joseph, is the oldest continuously operating Catholic high school in Florida. 1874 marked the first “graduation”a class of 2! In 1876, the Academy was state chartered and in
1877 a boarding school for young women began. (It would remain until 1968.) A 4-story structure dormitories and classrooms
was built in 1909 to accommodate resident and day students.
In 1980, management of the Academy was transferred from the Sisters of St. Joseph to the Catholic Diocese of St. Augustine. The 1980 graduating class was the last from the original campus on St. George Street adjacent to the Sisters of St. Joseph convent. With the transition of management, the Academy relocated from St. George Street to its present site at 155 State Road 207.
School Profile
Saint Joseph Academy is a 4-year college preparatory school begun in 1866, and is the oldest continuous Catholic high school in the State of Florida. It is operated in the Diocese of St. Augustine. Saint Joseph Academy is located on the northeast coast of Florida in St. Augustine.
St. Joseph Academy accommodates up to 400 students with expansion planned to 600 students in grades nine through twelve.
Accreditation
Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Council on Accreditation and School Improvement (S.A.C.S. C.A.S.I.)
Member: National Catholic Education Association, Florida Catholic Conference and Florida High School Athletic Association (F.H.S.A.A.)
Curriculum
Saint Joseph Academy has a college preparatory curriculum requiring 19 academic units. Twenty-eight credits are required for graduation and a typical course of study would include:
Theology - 4.0 credits
English - 4.0 credits
Mathematics - 4.0 credits
Science - 4.0 credits
Social Studies - 3.0 credits
Foreign Language - 3.0 credits
Life Mgt./Personal Fitness - 1.0 credits
Practical or Performing Arts - 1.0 credit
Electives - 4.0 credits
Honor Courses
English I, II
Science: Biology, Chemistry, Physics, Marine Science, Anatomy/Physiology
Social Science: American Government/Economics
Mathematics: Algebra I, Geometry, Algebra II, Pre-Calculus
Foreign Language: Spanish II, III, ASL III
Advanced Placement Courses
Calculus AB/BC
Statistics
Studio Art
Studio Art 3-D
Studio Art 2-D
Psychology
Government
World History
Other AP opportunities may be offered through the Florida Virtual School.
Dual Enrollment Classes are offered through St. Johns River State College:
World Civilizations
U.S. History
English Composition
American Literature
ASL
Marine Biology/Environmental Science
Spanish
Nearly 70% of students participate on athletic teams: Football, Basketball, Soccer, Volleyball, Baseball, Softball, Swimming, Cross Country, Golf, Track, Cheerleading, Tennis and Flag Football.
Grade and rank information
Cumulative grade point averages are based on semester grades. Class rank is based on all students and on all subjects. Honors, Advanced Placement, and Dual Enrollment courses receive an additional quality point.
Class of 2013 statistics
The Saint Joseph Academy class of 2013 was 58 students, who matriculated as follows:
Accepted to college 100% (13th consecutive year)
Percentage graduated with honors 76%
Florida Bright Futures 58%
Scholarship money earned $3+ million
Community service hours 13,550+
Class of 2013 - SAT Composites
Class of 2013 - ACT Mean Scores
Notes and references
External links
School Website
Catholic secondary schools in Florida
Educational institutions established in 1866
High schools in St. Johns County, Florida
Roman Catholic Diocese of Saint Augustine
1866 establishments in Florida
Derby Airport is located southeast of Derby, Western Australia.
History
The site of Derby airport was first set aside for aviation uses in 1922. The airfield played a key role in the search for Charles Kingsford Smith's Southern Cross following a forced landing in the Kimberley region during 1929 in an incident that would become known as the "Coffee Royal Affair". Aviation pioneer Norman Brearley used aircraft of his West Australian Airways in the initial search effort flying outwards from Derby.
In 1938 it was proposed that Derby be used as a base for flying boat services carrying air mail from London to Australia via Egypt and Ceylon (Sri Lanka).
See also
Curtin Airport, nearby military base which hosted commercial passenger flights to Derby
List of airports in Western Australia
Aviation transport in Australia
References
External links
Airservices Aerodromes & Procedure Charts
Kimberley airports
Airports established in 1922
Joseph David Eaton (born 16 May 1931) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League for Mansfield Town.
References
1931 births
Living people
English footballers
Association football forwards
English Football League players
Mansfield Town F.C. players
Thunder Brigade is an action video game developed by Bluemoon Interactive and published by Interactive Magic and Midas Interactive Entertainment for Microsoft Windows in 1998–1999.
Reception
The game received mixed reviews according to the review aggregation website GameRankings.
References
External links
1998 video games
Action video games
Video games developed in the United States
Windows games
Windows-only games
Harry Bickerton (1922–1994?) was a British engineer in the fields of aerospace engineering, engine design (aircraft), and bicycle design. He became a household name in the UK in the early 1980s after a successful TV campaign advertising the Bickerton (bicycle), a folding bicycle he originally designed in the 1970s and perfected over time. In the mid-1970s, The British Central Office of Information released a film, presenting the Bickerton Portable as a symbol of the British lifestyle while simultaneously extolling its technological advantages ("The smallest bike in the world").
Harry Bickerton's bicycle design became equally seminal as Alex Moulton's, and eventually inspired Andrew Ritchie to create the Brompton bicycle.
Harry Bickerton's achievements go well beyond the bicycle for which he is best known. In 1938, Bickerton left school to take up an apprenticeship at Rolls-Royce in Derby. After transfers to Glasgow and being seconded to RAE Farnborough to work for Tilly Shilling, where they worked on water methanol injection and exhaust pipe tuning among other things for the Rolls-Royce 'Merlin' engine of the Spitfire fighter plane.
After World War II, Bickerton, now a seasoned aircraft engineer, moved on to de Havilland where he was Chief Engineer and worked primarily on internal combustion engines (Gypsy Major) but also became involved in the investigation of the De Havilland Comet after a series of failures. He later re-designed the Gypsy Major engine for Britain's first helicopter (the Skeeter), and headed the development of extreme cold weather equipment for an Antarctic expedition by air. He also filed a patent for a rotary engine design while at De Havilland. Bickerton eventually left the industry in the late 1950s to become a free-lance engineer and inventor. Some of his other projects were a self-adjustable posture bed, which was adopted for use by the National Health Service, and an economical centrifuge (called a Hermatocit) for separating red and white blood cells, designed for use with a car battery in remote locations like Africa.
Harry Bickerton's engineering principles, expressed in ten "Performance specification[s] for a new portable human-powered personal transport device" (1971) are still valid today.
References
External links
Part 2 of "The Bickerton Story" by David Henshaw.
Film by British Central Office of Information, ca. 1975
1921 births
20th-century English businesspeople
20th-century British inventors
1990s deaths
British cycle designers
Kathryn Salfelder (born 1987 in Paterson, New Jersey) is a contemporary American composer, conductor and pianist, based in the Boston area. She has received commissions from the Albany Symphony, Boston Musica Viva, United States Air Force Band – Washington D.C., American Bandmasters Association, New York Virtuoso Singers, and Japan Wind Ensemble Conductors Conference (JWECC).
Awards include an ASCAP Morton Gould Young Composer Award, ASCAP/CBDNA Frederick Fennell Prize, Ithaca College Walter Beeler Memorial Composition Prize, and the USAF Colonel Arnald D. Gabriel Award. Her music has been performed by the Minnesota Orchestra, New England Philharmonic, Yale Philharmonia, and the Dallas Wind Symphony, and featured in over two hundred concerts at the nation's leading universities and conservatories.
Salfelder was a Lecturer at MIT, and currently teaches composition and music history at the New England Conservatory
DMA, New England Conservatory. MM, Yale School of Music. BM, New England Conservatory. Studies with Michael Gandolfi, Aaron Jay Kernis, and David Lang.
Compositions
Works for wind ensemble
2007 Cathedrals
2008 Laudate Dominum in Tympanis (an arrangement of a piece by Giovanni Pierluigi da Palestrina for 6 trumpets and 6 trombones)
2009 Crossing Parallels
2012 Ungrounded Base
2012 Stylus Phantasticus
2015 Shadows Ablaze (quoting Ockeghem's D'un autre amer)
2016 Prospect Hill (for brass ensemble)
Works for orchestra
2008 Dessin No. 1
2011 Lux Perpetua, for solo Soprano Saxophone and Orchestra
Solo and chamber music
2005 Two Etudes, for solo piano
2006 Three Fanfares, for brass quintet
2006 Permutations and iterations, for percussion duo
2008 Soliloquy, for solo flute
2009 Six Miniatures, for solo trumpet and wind quintet
2013 whispering into the night, for solo guitar
2013 Fanfare and Fugue, for trombone quartet
2013 Gold's Fool: A Tale of King Midas and the Golden Touch, for children's chorus, narrator, and chamber ensemble
2015 Stolen from Above, for saxophone quartet
2016 Disciples, for fl, cl, vln, vc, perc & pno
Awards
2012 ASCAP Morton Gould Young Composer Award
2012 Tourjee Alumni Scholarship
2009 US Air Force Colonel Arnald D. Gabriel Award
2009 New England Conservatory Donald Martino Award for Excellence in Composition
2009 New England Conservatory George Chadwick Medal
2008 ASCAP/CBDNA Frederick Fennell Prize
2008 Ithaca College Walter Beeler Memorial Composition Prize
Fifth Annual Andrew De Grado Piano Competition - Winner
Japanese Society of Boston Toru Takemitsu Award
References
External links
Official website
1987 births
21st-century American composers
21st-century classical composers
American women classical pianists
American classical pianists
American women classical composers
American classical composers
American marimbists
Living people
Musicians from Paterson, New Jersey
21st-century classical pianists
21st-century American women pianists
21st-century American pianists
Classical musicians from New Jersey
21st-century women composers
"Out of My Head" is a song by the American band Fastball from their second studio album All the Pain Money Can Buy. The song is a rock ballad with gospel influence, dominated by Hammond organ and piano. Bassist Tony Scalzo is the lead singer on the song, with guitarist Miles Zuniga coming in with harmony during the last chorus. The song was released to American contemporary hit radio in March 1999.
"Out of My Head" peaked at number 20 on the US Billboard Hot 100, number 11 on the Canadian RPM Top Singles chart, and number 19 on the Icelandic Singles Chart. A music video directed by Jim Gable features the band performing the song in sepia tone. In 2016, an adapted version of the chorus was used in the song "Bad Things" by Machine Gun Kelly and Camila Cabello.
Critical reception
Reviewing the song for Billboard, Chuck Taylor compared the track to material by the Partridge Family, citing its short length and "plucky, air-light" guitar riff. He wrote that the song was "ultra-simple and super-catchy", adding that although the song was too "lightweight" for rock radio, it "illustrates Fastball's consistent ability to combine obvious melodies with ear-plucking lyrics."
Chart performance
In the United States, on the week of July 3, 1999, "Out of My Head" debuted at number 64 on the Billboard Hot 100, reaching its peak of number 20 nine weeks afterward, on September 4. It spent a total of 20 weeks on the Hot 100 and ended 1999 as the country's 88th-best-performing song. It also appeared on three other Billboard charts, peaking at number 14 on the Adult Alternative Songs chart, number eight on the Mainstream Top 40, and number three on the Adult Top 40. On Canada's RPM Top Singles chart, after debuting at number 44 on June 21, 1999, it climbed to number 11 on September 6, ending the year as Canada's 59th-most-successful hit. On the RPM Adult Contemporary listing, the single peaked at number 33 the following issue.
The song did not make as big of an impact worldwide, charting only in Australia and Iceland. In the latter country, "Out of My Head" received airplay before its official American release, allowing it to make its first chart appearance at number 22 on March 5, 1999. Two weeks later, it peaked at number 19 on the Íslenski Listinn Topp 40. In Australia, the song made its debut on July 19, 1999, peaking at number 65.
Track listing
All songs were written by Tony Scalzo except "Altamont", written by Miles Zuniga.
Australian CD single
"Out of My Head"
"Altamont"
"Human Torch"
Credits and personnel
Credits are adapted from the Australian CD single liner notes.
Studios
Recorded at A&M Studios (Hollywood, California)
Mixed at Image Recording Studios (Los Angeles, California)
Mastered at Bernie Grundman Mastering (Hollywood, California)
Personnel
Miles Zuniga – vocals, guitar
Tony Scalzo – vocals, bass guitar
Joey Shuffield – drums, percussion
Bennett Salvay – piano, Hammond organ
Joe Barresi – engineering
Dave Reed – assistant engineering
Chris Lord-Alge – mixing
Brian Gardner – mastering
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
1990s ballads
1997 songs
1999 singles
Fastball (band) songs
Hollywood Records singles
Rock ballads
Karl Elof Lindström (17 December 1897 – 29 November 1988) was a Swedish athlete who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics. He was born and died in Eksjö and was the younger brother of Gunnar Lindström. In 1920 he finished 13th in the javelin throw event.
References
External links
profile
1897 births
1988 deaths
Swedish male javelin throwers
Olympic athletes of Sweden
Athletes (track and field) at the 1920 Summer Olympics
The Upper Shishugou crocodyliform is an as of yet unnamed crocodyliform discovered in the Upper Shishugou Formation in China. It was the first crocodyliform discovered in the entire Shishugou Formation. The crocodyliform specimen has not been studied yet and the exact genus it pertains to remains unknown, although it may have been similar to or synonymous with the contemporaneous Junggarsuchus or Nominosuchus.
History
It is known from a single fully articulated skeleton, found on the same slab that also preserved the holotype of the noasaurid Limusaurus inextricabilis and an associated specimen of L. inextricabilis, which were found in 2001 by a Chinese-American team of paleontologists examining the Wucaiwan locality in the Shishugou Formation, in the northeastern Junggar Basin of Xinjiang, China, discovered three bone beds (numbered TBB 2001; found by T. Yu and J. Mo). The bone beds were dominated by the remains of small theropod dinosaurs, representing at least three genera, with most belonging to a small ceratosaur, with Limusaurus being the first member of this group found in Asia. Stacked skeletons from these bone beds were removed from the field in blocks jacketed by plaster and encased in crates. A resin cast of block TBB 2001 was made (including the crocodyliform specimen), making it available for study after the specimens had been extracted from the original matrix. The crocodyliform specimen from this block and the associated Limusaurus specimens are mounted in a cast of the block in its semi-prepared state.
When Limusaurus was described in 2009 by paleontologist Xu Xing and colleagues, the crocodyliform specimen was briefly mentioned during a short footnote - no genus name was given. It has not been described since.
Paleoenvironment
The specimen was recovered from the Shishugou Formation, a succession of sedimentary rocks that was deposited at the northeastern margin of the Junggar foreland basin and is about in thickness. The formation is dated to the Late Jurassic, around 161 to 157 million years ago. The unnamed crocodyliform occurs in the upper part of the formation, which represents a variety of environments, including alluvial fans and alluvial plains, streams, wetlands, and shallow lakes. During the time when The unnamed crocodyliform lived, the environment would have been consistently warm and dry, judging by the abundance of coal and carbon-rich deposits. The climate was probably highly seasonal due to monsoonal influences, with warm, wet summers and dry winters. The climate enabled the growth of a richly forested environment; the forest would have been dominated by Araucaria trees, with the undergrowth being occupied by Coniopteris tree ferns, Anglopteris and Osmunda ferns, Equisetites horsetails, and Elatocladus shrubs.
The environment of the Shishugou Formation hosted a diverse assemblage of animals. More than 35 species of vertebrates are known from fossils, including at least 14 dinosaur species.. Contemporaries of The unnamed crocodyliform in the Wucaiwan locality include the theropods Limusaurus, Haplocheirus, Zuolong, and Guanlong, the latter of which is, like Limusaurus, frequently found in mud deposits; the sauropod Mamenchisaurus; the ornithischians Gongbusaurus and Yinlong; the cynodont Yuanotherium; the mammal Acuodulodon; the crocodyliforms Sunosuchus, Junggarsuchus, Nominosuchus; and the turtles Xinjiangchelys and Annemys.
References
Crocodyliforms
Undescribed vertebrate species
The 2010–11 Northern Illinois Huskies men's basketball team represented Northern Illinois University in the college basketball season of 2010–11. The team, led by head coached by Ricardo Patton, were members of the Mid-American Conference and played their homes game at the Convocation Center in DeKalb, Illinois.
Roster
Coaching staff
Schedule
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 1
| November 12
| Northwestern
| L 78–97
| Xavier Silas- 25
| Xavier Silas/ Nate Rucker- 6
| Michael Patton- 4
| Convocation Center, Dekalb, IL (4,001)
| 0–1 (0–0)
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 2
| November 12
| At Bradley
| L 63–66
| Xavier Silas- 22
| Nate Rucker- 10
| Michael Patton- 4
| Carver Arena, Peoria, IL (7,646)
| 0–2 (0–0)
|- align="center" bgcolor="#D8FFEB"
| 3
| November 21
| Cardianl Stritch
| W 81–57
| Xavier Silas- 34
| Tim Toler/Lee Fisher- 7
| Bryan Hall- 5
| Convocation Center, Dekalb,IL (667)
| 1–2 (0–0)
|-- align="center" bgcolor="#D8FFEB"
| 4
| November 24
| At Maryland Eastern Shore
| W 86–80
| Xavier Silas- 34
| Xavier Silas/ Lee Fisher – 6
| Bryan Hall- 7
| Hytche Center, Princess Anne, MD (612)
| 2–2 (0–0)
|-align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 5
| November 29
| Boise St
| L 80–52
| Bryan Hall- 10
| Tony Nixon- 5
| Bryan Hall/ Michael Patton- 3
| Convocation Center, Dekalb, Il (694)
| 2–3 (0–0)
|-
|-align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 6
| December 2
| At Depaul
| L 86–84
| Xavier Silas- 34
| Nate Rucker- 8
| Bryan Hall- 5
| Allstate Arena, Rosemont, IL (7,044)
| 2–4 (0–0)
|-align="center" bgcolor="#D8FFEB"
| 7
| December 14
| Illinois-Chicago
| W 80–78
| Xavier Silas- 40
| Lee Fisher- 9
| Xavier Silas- 3
| Convocation Center, Dekalb, IL (779)
| 3–4 (0–0)
|-lign="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 8
| December 18
| At Temple
| L 84–74
| Xavier Silas- 27
| Cameron Madlock- 10
| Xavier Silas- 5
| Liacouras Center, Philadelphia, PA (3,116)
| 3–5 (0–0)
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 9
| December 22
| At Southern Illinois
| L 61–49
| Xavier Silas- 11
| Lee Fisher- 6
| Tim Toler- 4
| SIU Arena, Carbondale, IL (4,239)
| 3–6 (0–0)
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 10
| December 27
| At Missouri
| L 97–69
| Tim Toler- 13
| Tim Toler/ Lee Fisher- 7
| Michael Patton- 4
| Mizzou Arena, Columbia, MO (10,776)
| 3–7 (0–0)
|- align="center" bgcolor="#D8FFEB"
| 11
| December 31
| Utah Valley
| W 86–76
| Xavier Silas- 26
| Tim Toler- 6
| Tim Toler/ Xavier Silas- 3
| Convocation Center, Dekalb, IL (853)
| 4–7 (0–0)
|-
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 12
| January 3
| At Iowa State
| L 72–63
| Xavier Silas- 18
| Tim Toler- 10
| Xavier Silas- 4
| Hilton Coliseum, Ames, IA (11,469)
| 4–8 (0–0)
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 13
| January 8
| Ball State
| L 75–70
| Tim Toler- 22
| Nate Rucker/ Jeremy Landers- 5
| 4 players with 3
| Convocation Center, Dekalb, IL (1,041)
| 4–9 (0–1)
|- align="center" bgcolor="#D8FFEB"
| 14
| January 11
| Eastern Michigan
| W 71–69
| Xavier Silas- 31
| Tim Toler – 7
| Jeremy Landers- 7
| Convocation Center, Dekalb, IL (490)
| 5–9 (1–1)
|-
| 15
| January 15
| Toledo
|
|
|
|
| Convocation Center, Dekalb, IL
|
|-
| 16
| January 20
| At Central Michigan
|
|
|
|
| McGuirk Arena, Mount Pleasant, MI
|
|-
| 17
| January 22
| At Western Michigan
|
|
|
|
| University Arena, Kalamazoo, MI
|
|-
| 18
| January 26
| Akron
|
|
|
|
| Convocation Center, Dekalb, IL
|
|-
| 19
| January 29
| At Buffalo
|
|
|
|
| Alumni Arena, Buffalo, NY
|
|-
|-
| 20
| February 2
| Bowling Green
|
|
|
|
| Convocation Center, Dekalb, IL
|
|-
| 21
| February 5
| At Ohio
|
|
|
|
| Convocation Center, Athens, OH
|
|-
| 22
| February 9
| At Miami (OH)
|
|
|
|
| Millett Hall, Oxford, OH
|
|-
| 23
| February 12
| Kent St)
|
|
|
|
| Convocation Center, Dekalb, IL
|
|-
| 24
| February 15
| Western Michigan
|
|
|
|
| Convocation Center, Dekalb, IL
|
|-
| 25
| February 19
| ESPNU BracketBusters, TBD
|
|
|
| Convocation Center, Dekalb, IL
|
|-
| 26
| February 23
| Central Michigan
|
|
|
|
| Convocation Center, Dekalb, IL
|
|-
| 27
| February 26
| At Toledo
|
|
|
|
| Savage Arena, Toledo, OH
|
|-
| 28
| March 2
| Eastern Michigan
|
|
|
|
| Convocation Center, Dekalb, IL
|
|-
| 29
| March 5
| At Ball State
|
|
|
|
| John E. Worthen Arena, Muncie, IN
|
|}
|-
! colspan="2" | 2010–11 team schedule
|}
References
Northern Illinois Huskies men's basketball seasons
Northern Illinois Huskies
Northern Illinois Huskies men's basketball team
2010 in sports in Illinois
Markišavci (; ) is a village immediately north of Murska Sobota in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia.
References
External links
Markišavci on Geopedia
Populated places in the City Municipality of Murska Sobota
Lesnoye () is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Lesnoy District of Tver Oblast, Russia. Population:
History
Lesnoye is first mentioned as Smerdyn in a birch bark manuscript found in Veliky Novgorod. The manuscript dates from the end of the 14th century or the beginning of the 15th century and is believed to refer to the same Smerdyn which later became Lesnoye. At the time, it belonged to the Novgorod Republic. In the 15th century, together with Novgorod, the area was annexed by the Grand Duchy of Moscow. It belonged to Bezhetsk Pyatina, one of the five pyatinas into which Novgorod lands were divided.
In the course of the administrative reform carried out in 1708 by Peter the Great, Smerdyn was included into Ingermanland Governorate (known since 1710 as Saint Petersburg Governorate), but in 1727 it was transferred to Moscow Governorate. In 1775, Tver Viceroyalty was formed from the lands which previously belonged to Moscow and Novgorod Governorates, and in 1776 Vesyegonsky Uyezd was established as a part of Tver Viceroyalty. In 1796, the viceroyalty was transformed into Tver Governorate, and Vesyegonsky Uyezd was abolished, the area was moved to Bezhetsky Uyezd. In 1803, the uyezd was re-established. Smerdyn belonged to Mikhaylovskaya Volost of Vesyegonsky Uyezd. On April 25, 1921, Vesyegonsky Uyezd was transferred to newly established Rybinsk Governorate. In 1922, Smerdyn was transferred to Vyshnevolotsky Uyezd of Tver Governorate.
On July 12, 1929 the governorates and uyezds were abolished. Mikhaylovsky District, with the administrative center in Smerdyn, was established within Bezhetsk Okrug of Moscow Oblast. On July 23, 1930, the okrugs were abolished, and the districts were directly subordinated to the oblast. On December 25, 1930 Smerdyn was renamed Lesnoye, and Mikhaylovsky District was renamed Lesnoy District. On January 29, 1935 Kalinin Oblast was established, and Lesnoy District was transferred to Kalinin Oblast. In February 1963, during the abortive administrative reform by Nikita Khrushchev, Lesnoy District was merged into Maksatikhinsky District, but on December 30, 1966 it was re-established. In 1990, Kalinin Oblast was renamed Tver Oblast.
Economy
Industry
There are enterprises of timber and food industries in Lesnoye.
Transportation
Lesnoye is connected by road with Maksatikha. There are some local roads, however, there are no roads which connect Lesnoye and Novgorod Oblast.
References
Notes
Sources
Rural localities in Tver Oblast
Vesyegonsky Uyezd
The Syntrophomonadaceae are a family of anaerobic bacteria in the order of Clostridiales. As a source of energy, these organisms uses carboxylic acids.
Phylogeny
The currently accepted taxonomy is based on the List of Prokaryotic names with Standing in Nomenclature (LPSN) and National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI)
See also
List of bacterial orders
List of bacteria genera
References
Further reading
Eubacteriales
The palazzo del Capitaniato, also known as loggia del Capitanio or loggia Bernarda, is a palazzo in Vicenza, northern Italy, designed by Andrea Palladio in 1565 and built between 1571 and 1572. It is located on the central Piazza dei Signori, facing the Basilica Palladiana.
The palazzo is currently used by the town council, inside the Sala Bernarda. It was decorated by Lorenzo Rubini and, in the interior, with frescoes by Giovanni Antonio Fasolo. Since 1994 the palace has been part of the UNESCO World Heritage Site of the "City of Vicenza and the Palladian Villas of the Veneto".
Concept and style
When one compares the Gothic arches of the Palazzo Ducale in Venice with the loggias of Palladio's Basilica, inspired by the classical language of ancient Rome (and even more if one compares the 16th-century (Cinquecento) palazzi of Vicenza with those on the Grand Canal), the Vicentines' desire to emphasise their cultural autonomy from the architectural models of La Serenissima becomes quite clear. Nevertheless, twenty years later, when the Citizen Council commissioned for the same piazza the refacing of the official residence of the Venetian Captain (the military head in charge of the city on behalf of the Venetian Republic), it would again fall to Palladio to undertake the work, and the contest, if any, was between two extraordinary architectures rising one in front of the other.
It is extremely rare for any architect to have the opportunity to intervene twice in the same place, after an interval of twenty years. The young architect of the Basilica, then still under the supervision of Giovanni da Porlezza, had by now become the celebrated creator of several important buildings: churches, palaces and villas for the dominant élite of the Veneto. Palladio chose not to have the two buildings converse: against the purism of the Basilica's double-storey arcades, we find the Loggia's colossal engaged Composite columns, and while the Basilica was executed in white stone and devoid of decoration (if one ignores the design of architectural elements like the frieze, keystones and statues), the Loggia abounds in rich stucco decorations.
Both the use of the giant order and this decorative richness are twin traits peculiar to Palladio's architectural idiom in the last decade of his life. However, the chromatic contrast between the white of the stone and the red of the brick (even though desired by Palladio in the Convento della Carità in Venice) is only the product of the original surfaces' degradation: ample remains of the light stucco which once covered the bricks are still quite visible, just below the great Composite capitals.
The Palladian loggia replaced an analogous building which had stood on the same site from the Middle Ages, and which had already been reconstructed at least twice during the Cinquecento: a covered public loggia on the ground floor and an audience hall on the upper storey. The new construction became economically viable in April 1571 and works began immediately. Palladio supplied the last drawings for the moulding templates in March 1572 and by the end of that year the building would have been roofed, since Giannantonio Fasolo could paint the lacunars of the audience hall while Lorenzo Rubini could execute the stuccoes and statues.
While the upper hall displays a flat, coffered ceiling, the ground-floor loggia has a sophisticated vault covering, certainly to better sustain the weight of the hall. The overall design is extremely sophisticated, as witnessed for example by the portals which open within the niches and follow their curvature.
The debate on whether the loggia was meant to extend to five (or seven) bays has now grown stale. It is, however, worth noting Palladio's compositional liberty in designing the façade onto the Piazza in a radically different manner to that on the Contra' del Monte and thereby somewhat rupturing the building's unitary logic. On closer observation, however, Palladio limited himself to applying an adequate response to different situations: the piazza's broad visual frontage (also bearing in mind the dimensional constraints of the narrow façade) made necessary the powerful verticalising of the giant order; the reduced dimensions both of the building's flank and of the Contra' del Monte itself obliged the use of a more temperate order. Moreover, the façade onto the Contra' del Monte would be used as a sort of perennial triumphal arch, recording the victory gained by the Venetian forces over the Turks at the Battle of Lepanto in October 1571.
Gallery
Sources
The Loggia del Capitanio in the CISA website (source for the first revision of this article, with kind permission)
External links
Palazzo del Capitaniato in the Palladio500 anniversary site
Touristic information about the Palazzo del Capitaniato on the official Town of Vicenza website
Houses completed in 1572
Capitaniato
Renaissance architecture in Vicenza
World Heritage Sites in Italy
Andrea Palladio buildings
1572 establishments in the Republic of Venice
Loggias in Italy
John Bettinson (born 10 December 1940) is a former British cyclist. He competed in the team time trial at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
1940 births
Living people
English male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of Great Britain
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Barrow-in-Furness
America: The Motion Picture is a 2021 American adult animated comedy film directed by Matt Thompson (in his feature directorial debut) and written by Dave Callaham. The film stars Channing Tatum (who also produced), Jason Mantzoukas, Olivia Munn, Bobby Moynihan, Judy Greer, Will Forte, Raoul Max Trujillo, Killer Mike, Simon Pegg, and Andy Samberg. It is an R-rated, animated parody of George Washington and his fight against the British. Netflix released the film on June 30, 2021. It received generally negative reviews from critics, who criticized it as unfunny.
Overview
Style
The film makes massive use of anachronism, ahistoricism and Americentrism for comic effect. Dozens of dates and the roles of various historical figures are changed. Many facts, battles, notable inventions and technologies are changed, reinvented, or created from whole cloth. Many prominent events and figures from the war period and American history through to the 20th century are inserted into the film's 1776 setting.
Plot
In January 1776, just after signing the Declaration of Independence, Benedict Arnold appears, murdering all its signatories, destroying Independence Hall, and stealing the Declaration. He then goes to Ford's Theatre, where George Washington and his childhood best friend, Abraham Lincoln, are watching a play. Arnold turns into a werewolf and kills Lincoln and destroys the Declaration. Before his death, Lincoln asks Washington to bring the American Revolutionary War to an end and to name the recovered country "America."
At Lincoln's funeral, Washington meets Martha Dandridge, who urges him to continue the revolution after the two have sexual intercourse. In order to build a strong team, Washington teams up with party animal Samuel Adams, female Chinese scientist Thomas Edison, Native American hunter Geronimo, and equestrian champion Paul Revere. They manage to track down Arnold at the Vietnam bar. Although the enemy has fled, they conclude that the events in Vietnam were not a failure. They ask for help from master blacksmith John Henry, who is to make a silver bullet for them to kill Arnold. To get the silver, they go to Boston to steal the supply of silver spoons from the Titanic. On board the ship, they learn that the British are bathing people in tea to come over to their side. They also discover plans of a secret British superweapon but fail to retrieve them because they sink the ship prematurely. Sam then proposes to the others they will say the Titanic had hit an iceberg and that they were never there.
Arnold kidnaps Martha, who is to become the future wife of King James. Washington manages to find out about a Gettysburg address where Arnold meets the king at a secret meeting. The place turns out to be an ambush in which Clyde, Revere's horse, dies, sacrificing himself. King James appears at the Gettysburg address in the form of a hologram and offers Washington a battle the next morning at Attrition field, to which Washington agrees. Soon after, Arnold kills the king to take over the world himself. The next day, the British army stands up against the American army hastily assembled by Washington. On the side of the British, there are, among others, Elizabeth Tower in the form of a Transformer, London buses in the form of AT-ATs and Arnold flying in a crown-shaped ship. The side of the Americans consists of a hundred-foot tall Paul Bunyan and Babe the Blue Ox, as well as Indians, Mexicans, African Americans, Asians, and Arabs, ravers and Revere who had fused himself with what was left of Clyde with nano-cybernetic technology by Clara Barton.
During the war, the British were trying to turn all revolutionaries British by tainting the clouds with tea and causing a tea rain. Edison, thanks to the power of science, manages to use the British weapons against them, turning tea into beer. When the beer rain falls, the British transform into American frat bros, and it also cures Martha from being one of the British, transforming her into a living Statue of Liberty. A final confrontation occurs against Arnold, who becomes a Mega Wolf until he is eventually defeated with a silver bullet from Henry, who kills him with America's pastime.
Six months later, on July 4, 1776, Washington inaugurates the grand opening of America at the monument of his name. As George plans for I. M. Pei to build another memorial for his best friend to stare at his monument, the spirit of Abe comes back. It gives him the Declaration, repaired with tape, while Samuel becomes George's uncle for his newborn son Denzel. The inauguration is disrupted as the crowd engages in a fight with each other, arguing over racism, abolitionism, women's rights, giving back the land to the natives, right to keep and bear arms, same-sex marriages, religious beliefs, free health care, and fair trials, making Washington nervous about the future of the country.
Cast
Channing Tatum as George Washington
Jason Mantzoukas as Samuel "Uncle Sam" Adams.
Olivia Munn as Thomas Edison.
Bobby Moynihan as Paul Revere
Judy Greer as Martha Washington
Will Forte as Abraham "Abe" Lincoln. Forte reprises his role from The Lego Movie films (2014–2019) and Michelangelo and Lincoln: History Cops (2014).
Raoul Max Trujillo as Geronimo
Killer Mike as John Henry / Blacksmith
Simon Pegg as King James
Andy Samberg as Benedict "Cosby" Arnold.
Carlos Alazraqui as Clyde
Dave Callaham as I.M. Pei / LGBTQ Rights Activist
Jeff Fastner as Ben Franklin
Kevin Gillese as John Wilkes Booth / Titanic Guard
Zebbie Gillese as Transporter / Bros / Manchester the Soccer Ball
J. Larose as Native American Rights Activist
Megan Leahy as Clara Barton
Amber Nash as Women's Rights Activist / Anti-LGBTQ Rights Activist
Eric Sims as Thomas Jefferson
Mike Schatz as Fredrick Xavier Kinko / Hancock Supporter
Matt Thompson as John Hancock / Colonist / Stand Your Ground Rights Activist
Lucky Yates as Baseball Announcer / 2nd Amendment Rights Activist
Production
In March 2017, producers Phil Lord and Christopher Miller announced that they would produce an R-rated animated Netflix original film called America: The Motion Picture alongside Will Allegra, Matt Thompson, Adam Reed, Channing Tatum, Reid Carolin and Peter Kiernan from a screenplay by David Callaham and directed by Thompson.
Critical reception
The website's critics consensus reads, "America: The Motion Picture is definitely outrageous and possibly patriotic—problem is, it's also not very funny." On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 38 out of 100 based on 18 critics, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews".
Amy Nicholson of The New York Times described the film as "a raunchy, aggressively inane cartoon that flips the bird — both onscreen and thematically — to a strain of patriotism that insists that the slave owners who started this country were sober-minded heroes whose vision of democracy remains flawless, bro." Inkoo Kang of The Washington Post gave the film a score of 1.5/4 stars, writing: "The gulf between stupid-smart and just plain stupid feels immeasurably vast when watching America: The Motion Picture, which is clearly aiming for the former but lands squarely in the latter." Brian Lowry of CNN described the film as "a movie that's loud and annoying more than truly provocative, peppered with pop-culture references that prove cleverer than its rewrite of US history."
Steve Greene of IndieWire gave the film a grade of C, describing it as "a goofy mishmash of riffs on prominent historical figures", and added: "Most of the time, it's knowingly stupid, which makes watching it 90 minutes of occasional fun and frequent indifference." Melanie McFarland of Salon.com wrote: "Rarely have I seen a movie so confident that its viewers not only revel in American benightedness but are eager to identify with it", and described the film as "not only a waste of time but an insult to ignoramuses." Bill Goodykoontz of The Arizona Republic gave the film a score of 2.5/5 stars, writing that it "goes all in on its deranged version of the founding of the nation", but added: "It wears you down over time, but especially early on it's too satisfied just to be shocking and irreverent."
Michael Nordine of Variety was more positive in his review, writing: "Though loyalists and sticklers for historical accuracy may not consider it their cup of tea, America will likely win over anyone who knows not to take it too seriously." Randy Myers of The Mercury News gave the film a score of 3/4 stars, writing: "Even when you think it's only acting rude and juvenile just because, it's much smarter than that, particularly whenever it skewers American attitudes (both conservative and liberal)."
References
External links
2020s American animated films
2020s science fiction comedy films
2021 comedy films
2021 directorial debut films
2021 films
2021 animated films
2021 science fiction films
American adult animated films
American adventure films
American alternate history films
American comedy films
American fantasy films
American satirical films
American science fiction comedy films
American animated feature films
Animated films about robots
Animation based on real people
Cultural depictions of Benedict Arnold
Cultural depictions of George Washington
Cultural depictions of Geronimo
Cultural depictions of James VI and I
Cultural depictions of Paul Revere
Cultural depictions of Samuel Adams
Cultural depictions of Thomas Edison
Depictions of Abraham Lincoln on film
English-language Netflix original films
Films about George Washington
Films about shapeshifting
Films produced by Phil Lord and Christopher Miller
Films scored by Mark Mothersbaugh
Netflix Animation films
RMS Titanic in fiction
2020s English-language films
Western Pennsylvania School for Blind Children (WPSBC) is a private chartered school in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania committed to nurturing the unique abilities of individuals with blindness and visual impairment. This multifaceted educational experience serves nearly 500 individuals ages 3 to 59 from 33 counties through on-campus school programs, A Child's VIEW inclusive childcare, LAVI adult program, residential program and outreach services.
WPSBC is one of four chartered schools in Pennsylvania– along with the Pennsylvania School for the Deaf, the Overbrook School for the Blind and the Western Pennsylvania School for the Deaf.
History
The Western Pennsylvania School for Blind Children (WPSBC) was chartered in 1887 by people who saw the need for children who are blind to receive specialized education and vocational opportunities. In 1894, the group built a permanent home for their school in the Oakland neighborhood of Pittsburgh. At first, the School offered three distinct curricula: academic, commercial and industrial.
As theories about educating individuals with visual impairments changed, the School stayed in the forefront of new practices. For example, when orientation and mobility instruction was introduced, the School quickly began to teach travel with a cane. Technological advances — from the Optacon print reading device and Kurzweil reading machine to recently developed computer learning tools and assistive technologies — have always been welcomed and integrated into the curriculum.
In 1984, after intense study and discussion, the School began to reorient the educational programs to serve the unique abilities of many individuals throughout western Pennsylvania with individualized and compassionate programming, filling a need that was not adequately served elsewhere. Now, the Western Pennsylvania School for Blind Children offers a model program with integrated education and therapy to provide students with unique opportunities for growth and development. In 2003, the School opened its Early Childhood Center, which was uniquely designed for working with young people of all abilities.
Outreach efforts — which began in 1981 with early intervention programming for infants and toddlers — were expanded exponentially in 2008 to include programs for school-aged students with visual impairment that attend their local school.
The beginning of the 2011–12 school year saw the establishment of continued services for adults ages 21 and over with a program called Learning Adventures for the Visually Impaired (LAVI). This program is unique among schools for young adults with visual impairments and fulfills a vital community need, while continuing to serve WPSBC graduates.
In 2012, the School embarked on an initiative to serve infants and toddlers through an inclusive childcare program. A Child's VIEW: Vision In Extraordinary Ways offers comprehensive childcare opportunities, for both children who are and are not visually impaired, from the ages of six weeks to five years.
The 2017–18 school year was marked by the addition of the campus Sky Bridge, which crosses over busy North Bellefield Avenue. This new campus connection created a safer, time-saving route between buildings for students, staff and visitors, providing complete accessibility to all parts of the campus.
See also
Eric Kloss
References
External links
Pennsylvania Chartered Schools for Deaf and Blind Children website
Pennsylvania Association for the Blind
Schools for the blind in the United States
Jason Riley (born October 4, 1958 in Scarborough, Ontario) is a former professional Canadian football offensive lineman.
Riley played college football at the University of British Columbia. Riley played eleven seasons in the Canadian Football League for three different teams. He was named CFL All-Star in 1989, and was a part of a Grey Cup championship team with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats in 1986. He also won the award for the Ticats Most Outstanding linesman in 1989 and 1992. He retired from the CFL in 1993.
After his retirement Riley taught at Notre Dame High School in Burlington, Ontario. Riley has coached offensive line at McMaster University for 18 yrs. Riley is married and has 3 children. Riley was named Master Instructor of Offensive Line for Ontario by the Ontario Football Alliance in 2010.
References
1958 births
Living people
Canadian football offensive linemen
Hamilton Tiger-Cats players
Players of Canadian football from Ontario
Saskatchewan Roughriders players
Sportspeople from Scarborough, Toronto
UBC Thunderbirds football players
University of British Columbia alumni
Winnipeg Blue Bombers players
Shelley Joyce Correll is an American sociologist. She is the Michelle Mercer and Bruce Golden Family Professor of Women's Leadership
Director at Stanford University.
Early life and education
Correll was born and raised in Houston, Texas, to a police officer father and stay-at-home mother, neither of whom went to college. Growing up, her family was big fans of the Houston Astros and she saw games played in the Astrodome. Upon earning her Bachelor of Arts degree from Texas A&M University, Correll became a high school chemistry teacher while also interning at Dow Chemical Company and taking master's levels classes in sociology at the University of Houston. She noticed that the boys in her chemistry class were undeterred by setbacks while the girls lacked confidence to believe they were good at chemistry in spite of good grades. Correll was encouraged by one of her professors to apply for a PhD in sociology and received a full scholarship to Stanford University. Her thesis was focused on "the way that stereotypes about fields affect the extent to which men and women come to see themselves as being skilled in that area." While working towards her thesis, she earned funding from Stanford's Institute for Research on Women and Gender to study why women and men end up in sex-segregated fields or specialties.
Career
Upon graduating with her PhD from Stanford, Correll was extended a faculty position at the institution's sociology program. Upon accepting the position, she co-led a gender-equity directive called CU-ADVANCE, with funding from the National Science Foundation. The aim of the initiative was to recruit more women for engineering and science faculty positions. One of the results of this directive found that women were underrepresented at Cornell's sciences, engineering, social science, behavioral science, and math programs and felt less satisfied in their positions.
As co-director of the Advancing Cornell's Commitment to Excellence and Leadership, Correll also began developing the Motherhood penalty theory, which argued that women with children were considered less competent and dedicated than their childless or male coworkers. Working alongside graduate student Stephen Benard, they authored Getting a Job: Is There a Motherhood Penalty? and Cognitive Bias and the Motherhood Penalty. They surveyed paid undergraduate student-volunteers to evaluate fake resumes and determine which person would be the best to head a new marketing department. All students were given equally qualified, same-gender profiles with different parental status. The conclusion of the survey determined that participants viewed mothers as significantly less competent and committed than women without children. As a result of her research, Corell was the recipient of a 2008 Alice H. Cook and Constance E. Cook Award and 2009 Rosabeth Moss Kanter Award for Excellence in Work Family Research.
Correll was promoted to Full professor of Sociology in 2012 and later named the inaugural Director of the Clayman Institute for Gender Research, a center aimed at promoting women's leadership in business, government and education. In this role, Correll authored a new method for reducing gender biases and inequalities within the workforce which focuses on re-education. She led a research team over three years using this method of re-education with several technology companies, resulting in positive outcomes. When speaking of her method, Correll said it focused on "educating managers and workers about bias, diagnosing where gender bias could enter their company's hiring, promotion or other evaluation practices and working with the company's leaders to develop tools that help measurably reduce bias and inequality." In recognition of her efforts, Correll received the 2017 Feminist Mentor Award by Sociologists for Women in Society.
Correll stepped down as director of the Clayman Institute for Gender Research after nine years and was replaced by Adrian Daub. She was introduced to Michelle Mercer during her tenure as director and was specifically appointed the Michelle Mercer and Bruce Golden Family Professor of Women's Leadership Director in 2019 as a "tribute of her important work."
References
External links
Living people
Texas A&M University alumni
Stanford University alumni
Stanford University faculty
American sociologists
American women sociologists
Academics from Houston
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American women
Pray for It is the third full-length album by Canadian indie rock band July Talk, released July 10, 2020 on Sleepless Records. The album won the Juno Award for Alternative Album of the Year at the Juno Awards of 2021, and Cosette Schulz's video for "Governess Shadow" was longlisted for the 2021 Prism Prize.
Track listing
References
2020 albums
July Talk albums
Juno Award for Alternative Album of the Year albums
Marina Lambraki-Plaka (c. 1939 – 13 June 2022) was a Greek historian, archaeologist, and academic.
Born in Greece.
She was the director of the National Gallery from 1992 to 2022.
She served as Alternate Minister of Culture in the Caretaker Cabinet of Vassiliki Thanou-Christophilou.
Publications
Classical Memories in Modern Greek Art (Onassis Cultural Center, Olympic Tower / Alexander S. Onassis Public Benefit Foundation, 2000)
Paris-Athenes 1863-1940 (with Olga Mentzafou-Polyzou; Pinacotheque Nationale et Musee Alexandros Soutzos, 2006)
References
1939 births
2022 deaths
Women historians
20th-century Greek historians
21st-century Greek historians
Culture ministers of Greece
Greek archaeologists
Greek women archaeologists
Greek women curators
People from Heraklion (regional unit)
Atego may refer to:
Atego (company) - former software company
Mercedes-Benz Atego - truck
Wanker is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Jerry Wanker, Belgian guitarist
Thomas Wanker (born 1973), Austrian composer who works on TV and film scores
Werner Wanker, Austrian curler
The maiden name of fictional character Peggy Bundy in Married ... with Children
Arnold Wanker, fictional character from the TV series Mork & Mindy
See also
Wanker (disambiguation)
Johanna Wanka, German politician and mathematician
Wanké
Henry Roelif Brinkerhoff (September 23, 1787 – April 30, 1844) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio, cousin of Jacob Brinkerhoff. Born in Adams County, Pennsylvania, Brinkerhoff moved with his parents to Cayuga County, New York, in 1793.
He attended the country schools.
Commanded a company of militia in the War of 1812, distinguishing himself in the Battle of Queenstown Heights.
He engaged in agricultural pursuits.
He served as member of the State assembly in 1828 and 1829.
Senior major general of the New York State Militia in 1824.
Commanded the military escort which accompanied General Lafayette in his progress through the State.
He moved to Huron County, Ohio, in 1837.
Brinkerhoff was elected as a Democrat to the Twenty-eighth Congress and served from March 4, 1843, until his death in Huron County, Ohio, April 30, 1844.
He was interred in the Pioneer Cemetery, Plymouth, Ohio.
See also
List of United States Congress members who died in office (1790–1899)
Sources
1787 births
1844 deaths
People from Huron County, Ohio
American militiamen in the War of 1812
American militia generals
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
People from Adams County, Pennsylvania
Military personnel from Pennsylvania
The Kapasiya are Hindu caste found in the state of Uttar Pradesh and haryana in India. They are also known as Khunkhuniya Bhatt comes in Gurjar caste.
Origin
The word kapariya is derived from the Hindi word kapra, which means a cloth. They claim to be a branch of the Bhatt community, that took to begging. A change of occupation led to an evolution of a distinct community. They have two sub-divisions, the Brahma Bhatta and Rao Bhatta. The Kapariya are found mainly in Fatehpur district, where they are considered the original settlers. They speak Awadhi among themselves, and Hindi with outsiders.
Present circumstances
The Kapariya are strictly endogamous and their two sub-divisions, the Brahma Bhatta and Rao Bhatta, are also endogamous. They are further divided into a number of exogamous sub-divisions, known as gotras. The main function of the gotra is to trace descent and to regulate their marriage alliances. The Brahma Bhatta claim a higher status from the Rao Bhatta, a system of hypergamy exists among these two groups.
The Kapariya are a landless community, and are still involved in their traditional occupation is begging. Many have seen a decline in their traditional occupation, and are employed as day labourers. A small number have been granted land, but their land holdings are extremely small. Like other Hindu castes, each Kapariya settlement contains a biradari panchayat, an informal caste association, which acts as an instrument of social control.
The 2011 Census of India for Uttar Pradesh showed the Kapariya Scheduled Caste population as 20,205.
References
Indian castes
Scheduled Castes of Uttar Pradesh
Karaseki is a village in the Bucak district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Bucak District
6-3-5 Brainwriting (or 635 Method, Method 635) is a group-structured brainstorming technique aimed at aiding innovation processes by stimulating creativity developed by Bernd Rohrbach who originally published it in a German sales magazine, the Absatzwirtschaft, in 1968.
In brief, it consists of 6 participants supervised by a moderator who are required to write down 3 ideas on a specific worksheet within 5 minutes; this is also the etymology of the methodology's name. The outcome after 6 rounds, during which participants swap their worksheets passing them on to the team member sitting at their right, is 108 ideas generated in 30 minutes. The technique is applied in various sectors but mainly in business, marketing, design, and writing, as well as everyday real life situations.
Introduction
6-3-5 Brainwriting is a particular form of brainstorming through the medium of graphics; in particular, it is classified under the intuitive and progressive methodologies as it involves driving inspiration from other members in a cyclical way. The grounding of such technique is the belief that the success of an idea generation process is determined by the degree of contribution and integration to each other's suggestions, and specifically it is meant to overcome the possible creativity barriers brought up by issues such as interpersonal conflicts, different cultural backgrounds and reasons of intellectual properties.
Procedure
The optimum application of the technique would require 6 participants, as too many would make the session unmanageable; however, sessions may be carried out also in teams of 4, 5 or 7, and the number of ideas generated would respectively be 48, 75 and 147.
It is fundamental to assure that all participants share deep background knowledge on the topic of the brainwriting session, since even a single not-well-informed individual can significantly affect the quality of the output. In addition to this, it is recommended that through a preliminary discussion, the group focuses on identifying the problem to be solved or the aim to be pursued. This can either occur through independent initiative of the group or guided by the supervisor.
Once the topic of the session is narrowed down to a problem statement, this is announced and written on top of the Idea Form. This is a worksheet that has to be handed out to each participant and consists of a grid where the heading of the columns are Idea 1, Idea 2 and Idea 3 and the rows identify the name of who has contributed to that particular suggestion.
At this point, the session is ready to start and participants are given 5 minutes to complete the first row and write down the first ideas, working in silence. These may be expressed in any graphical form: written, drawn, through a symbol, or however the author prefers.
The supervisor signals the end of time, and the sheet is passed on to the next participant on the right. Now the process is repeated and each participant is free to get inspired from the idea he reads on the sheet written by his neighbour and contribute to them by integrating or completing them, or decide to ignore them and start a new one from scratch.
The process goes on until the worksheet is completely filled in, but if the supervisor deems it necessary, the time for each round may be extended to a maximum of 10 minutes.
The conclusion of the brainstorming session is a preliminary screening of the ideas that have been gathered, where exact duplicates are deleted, and a team evaluation takes place, perhaps using the Nominal Group Technique or Prioritization matrix, to select 1 to 3 ideas the group can focus on.
Pros
One of the main advantages of using 6-3-5 brainwriting is that it is a very straightforward method, and therefore is easy and quick to learn. In addition to this, no particular training for the supervisor is required.
Secondly, it valorises the possible different backgrounds of participants, since it encourages sharing and exchanging knowledge. In contrast to traditional brainstorming, it assures active participation from all members, and at the same time avoids issues of domination over introverts, who are also likely to feel more free about expressing their own ideas instead of potentially having their potential inhibited by those who shout louder.
All ideas are recorded on the worksheet; this means that nobody has to be in charge of taking notes throughout the session, and it adds a motivational factor, since it is possible to keep track of the author of a particular idea.
Overall, this leads to a gain of efficiency that might imply an economic benefit, since by hiring 6 members 108 possible content ideas are generated.
Cons
Expressing ideas in a written form may lead to issues in clarity, due to participants having trouble summarising their ideas or reading their colleagues' handwriting or graphical representations.
Stress due to time constraints might cause quality of ideas to decrease, and this might require time for some people to become familiar with the methodology.
There is a risk of clash of similar ideas, since there is no immediate group discussion, which constitutes a loss of possible innovation.
See also
Edward de Bono
Heuristic
Metaplan
Mind mapping
Six thinking hats
Synectics
TRIZ
References
Product development
Market research
Group problem-solving methods
Creativity techniques
Chester Bomar Himes (July 29, 1909 – November 12, 1984) was an American writer. His works, some of which have been filmed, include If He Hollers Let Him Go, published in 1945, and the Harlem Detective series of novels for which he is best known, set in the 1950s and early 1960s and featuring two black policemen called Grave Digger Jones and Coffin Ed Johnson. In 1958 Himes won France's Grand Prix de Littérature Policière.
Life
Early life
Chester Himes was born in Jefferson City, Missouri, on July 29, 1909, to Joseph Sandy Himes and Estelle Bomar Himes; his father was a professor of industrial trades at a black college, and his mother, prior to getting married, was a teacher at Scotia Seminary. Chester Himes grew up in a middle-class home in Missouri. When he was about 12 years old, his father took a teaching job in the Arkansas Delta at Branch Normal College (now University of Arkansas at Pine Bluff), and soon a tragedy took place that would profoundly shape Himes's view of race relations. He had misbehaved and his mother made him sit out a gunpowder demonstration that he and his brother, Joseph Jr., were supposed to conduct during a school assembly. Working alone, Joseph mixed the chemicals; they exploded in his face. Rushed to the nearest hospital, the blinded boy was refused treatment because of Jim Crow laws. "That one moment in my life hurt me as much as all the others put together," Himes wrote in The Quality of Hurt.
The family later settled in Cleveland, Ohio. His parents' marriage was unhappy and eventually ended in divorce.
Prison and literary beginnings
In 1925, Himes's family left Pine Bluff and relocated to Cleveland, Ohio, where he attended East High School. He attended Ohio State University in Columbus, Ohio, where he became a member of Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity, but was expelled for playing a prank. In late 1928 he was arrested and sentenced to jail and hard labor for 20 to 25 years for armed robbery and sent to Ohio Penitentiary. In prison, he wrote short stories and had them published in national magazines. He stated that writing in prison and being published was a way to earn respect from guards and fellow inmates, as well as to avoid violence.
His first stories appeared in 1931 in The Bronzeman and, starting in 1934, in Esquire magazine. His story "To What Red Hell" (published in Esquire in 1934) as well as to his novel Cast the First Stone – only much later republished unabridged as Yesterday Will Make You Cry (1998) – dealt with the catastrophic prison fire Himes witnessed at Ohio Penitentiary in 1930.
In 1934 Himes was transferred to London Prison Farm and in April 1936 was released on parole into his mother's custody. Following his release he worked at part-time jobs while continuing to write. During this period he came into contact with Langston Hughes, who facilitated Himes's entree into the world of literature and publishing.
In 1937 Himes married Jean Johnson.
First books
In the 1940s Himes spent time in Los Angeles, working as a screenwriter but also producing two novels, If He Hollers Let Him Go (1945) and The Lonely Crusade (1947), which charted the experiences of the great migration, drawn by the city's defense industries, and their dealings with the established black community, fellow workers, unions and management. He also provided an analysis of the Zoot Suit Riots for The Crisis, the magazine of the NAACP.
Mike Davis in City of Quartz: Excavating the Future of Los Angeles, describing the prevalence of racism in Hollywood in the 1940s and '50s, cites Himes' brief career as a screenwriter for Warner Brothers, terminated when Jack L. Warner heard about him and said: "I want no niggers on this lot." Himes later wrote in his autobiography:
Back on the East Coast Himes received a scholarship at the Yaddo artists' community, where he stayed and worked in May and June 1948, in a room just across from where Patricia Highsmith resided.
Emigration to France
Himes separated from his wife Jean in 1952, and the following year he began a period of travels by boarding a ship to France. By the 1950s he had decided to settle permanently in France, a country he liked in part due to his popularity in literary circles. In Paris, Himes was the contemporary of the political cartoonist Oliver Harrington and fellow expatriate writers Richard Wright, James Baldwin, and William Gardner Smith.
It was in Paris in the late 1950s that Chester met his second wife, Lesley Himes (née Packard), when she went to interview him. She was a journalist at the Herald Tribune, where she wrote a fashion column, "Monica". He described her as "Irish-English with blue-gray eyes and very good looking"; he also saw her courage and resilience, Chester said to Lesley: "You're the only true color-blind person I've ever met in my life." After he suffered a stroke, in 1959, Lesley quit her job and nursed him back to health. She cared for him for the rest of his life, and worked with him as his informal editor, proofreader, confidante and, as the director Melvin Van Peebles dubbed her, "his watchdog". After a long engagement, they were married in 1978, as Chester Himes was still legally married to his first wife, Jean, and only able to gain a divorce that year.
Lesley and Chester faced adversities as a mixed-race couple but they prevailed. Their circle of political colleagues and creative friends included not only such towering figures as Langston Hughes and Richard Wright; it also included figures such as Malcolm X, Carl Van Vechten, Picasso, Jean Miotte, Ollie Harrington, Nikki Giovanni and Ishmael Reed. Bohemian life in Paris would in turn lead them to the South of France and finally on to Spain, where they lived until Chester's death in 1984.
Later life and death
In 1969, Himes moved to Moraira, Spain, where he died in 1984 from Parkinson's disease, at the age of 75. He is buried at Benissa cemetery.
Critical reception and biography
Some regard Chester Himes as the literary equal of Dashiell Hammett and Raymond Chandler. Ishmael Reed says: "[Himes] taught me the difference between a black detective and Sherlock Holmes" and it would be more than 30 years until another black mystery writer, Walter Mosley and his Easy Rawlins and Mouse series, had even a similar effect.
In 1996, his widow Lesley Himes went to New York to work with Ed Margolies on the first biographical treatment of Himes's life, entitled The Several Lives of Chester Himes, by long-time Himes scholars Edward Margolies and Michel Fabre, published in 1997 by University Press of Mississippi. Later, novelist and Himes scholar James Sallis published a more deeply detailed biography of Himes called Chester Himes: A Life (2000).
A detailed examination of Himes's writing and writings about him can be found in Chester Himes: An Annotated Primary and Secondary Bibliography compiled by Michel Fabre, Robert E. Skinner, and Lester Sullivan (Greenwood Press, 1992).
In 2017, Lawrence P. Jackson published a significant, 600+ page biography of Himes titled Chester B. Himes: A Biography.
Works
Himes's novels encompassed many genres including the crime novel/mystery and political polemics, exploring racism in the United States.
Chester Himes wrote about African Americans in general, especially in two books that are concerned with labor relations and African-American workplace issues. If He Hollers Let Him Go—which contains many autobiographical elements—is about a black shipyard worker in Los Angeles during World War II struggling against racism, as well as his own violent reactions to racism. Lonely Crusade is a longer work that examines some of the same issues.
Cast the First Stone (1952) is based on Himes's experiences in prison. It was Himes's first novel but was not published until about ten years after it was written. One reason may have been Himes' unusually candid treatment – for that time – of a homosexual relationship. Originally written in the third person, it was rewritten in the first person in a more "hard-boiled" style. Yesterday Will Make You Cry (1993), published after Himes's death, restored the original manuscript.
Himes also wrote a series of Harlem Detective novels featuring Coffin Ed Johnson and Gravedigger Jones, New York City police detectives in Harlem. The novels feature a mordant emotional timbre and a fatalistic approach to street situations. Funeral homes are often part of the story, and funeral director H. Exodus Clay is a recurring character in these books.
The titles of the series include A Rage in Harlem, The Real Cool Killers, The Crazy Kill, All Shot Up, The Big Gold Dream, The Heat's On, Cotton Comes to Harlem, and Blind Man with a Pistol; all written between 1957 and 1969. The final entry in the series was to be Plan B, published posthumously in 1983.
Cotton Comes to Harlem was made into a movie in 1970, which was set in that time period, rather than the earlier period of the original book. A sequel, Come Back, Charleston Blue, based upon The Heat's On, was released in 1972. For Love of Imabelle was made into a film under the title A Rage in Harlem in 1991. In the 1980s, British publisher Allison and Busby reprinted several of the Harlem detective novels in editions that featured paintings by Edward Burra on the covers.
In May 2011, and again in 2020 Penguin Modern Classics in London republished five of Himes' detective novels from the Harlem Cycle. The literary estate is overseen by Chester and Lesley's "niece" Sarah Pirozek (daughter of Lesley's best and oldest friend).
Novels and stories
See The End of a Primitive, 1990.
Alternate titles: A Rage in Harlem (1985 Vintage Books, New York), The Five-cornered square.
From CIP data: Restores the work in the form the author intended, and includes his introduction, not previously published.
With an introduction by Calvin Hernton.
Complete and unexpurgated text of Himes' first autobiographical novel, originally published as Cast the First Stone (1953).
Autobiography
A useful companion to the two volumes of autobiography is Conversations with Chester Himes, edited by Michel Fabre and Robert E. Skinner, published by University Press of Mississippi in 1995.
Films based on novels
Four of Chester Himes' novels were made into feature films: If He Hollers, Let Him Go! (1968) [uncredited], directed by Charles Martin; Cotton Comes to Harlem, directed by Ossie Davis in 1970; Come Back, Charleston Blue (The Heat's On) (1972), directed by Mark Warren, and A Rage in Harlem (starring Gregory Hines and Danny Glover), directed by Bill Duke in 1991. Two Himes short stories "The Assassin of Saint Nicholas Avenue" and "Tang" have also been filmed as short subjects, the latter included as a segment in the 1994 anthology television film Cosmic Slop.
See also
African-American literature
References
Further reading
Review of Yesterday Will Make You Cry, by Chester Himes.
Margolies, Edward, and Michel Fabre. The Several Lives of Chester Himes. Jackson: University Press of Mississippi, 1997.
External links
Essay on Chester Himes in France
Biography
Overview and Review of Himes's Work
Audiobook (mp3) : Face in the moon, short story translated in French
Tadzio Koelb, "Some Thoughts on Chester Himes on the 100th Anniversary of His Birth", The Third Estate, July 27, 2009.
"Theme Issue: Chester Himes and His Legacy", Clues: A Journal of Detection, Vol. 28, No. 1, Spring 2010. McFarland Publishers, ISSN 0742-4248 (Print), 1940-3046 (Online)
FBI files on Chester Himes
Chester Himes Papers. Yale Collection of American Literature, Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library.
Christopher Harter, "Lesley Himes papers, 1934–2008", Amistad Research Center.
Sarah Pirozek, "Lesley Himes Obituary", July 7, 2010.
William Horberg, "The Last Chester Himes Movie?", November 6, 2008.
1909 births
1984 deaths
20th-century African-American writers
20th-century American male writers
20th-century American novelists
20th-century short story writers
African-American male writers
African-American novelists
American convicts who became writers
American crime fiction writers
American expatriates in France
American expatriates in Spain
American male novelists
American male short story writers
American people convicted of robbery
American short story writers
Burials in Spain
Deaths from Parkinson's disease
Neurological disease deaths in Spain
Novelists from Missouri
Ohio State University alumni
People from Jefferson City, Missouri
People of the New Deal arts projects
20th-century African-American men
Santiam Pass is a mountain pass in the Cascade Range in central Oregon in the United States. It is located on the border between Linn and Jefferson counties, about northwest of Sisters, between the prominent volcanic horns of Three Fingered Jack to the north and Mount Washington to the south. Several other smaller volcanoes, including cinder cones and tuyas, are found near the summit of the pass. U.S. Route 20 connects eastern Oregon with the valley of the Santiam River on the west via Santiam Pass. One of the 19 or 20 lakes by the name of Lost Lake is located beside the highway just west of Santiam Pass. The pass may be approached from the west by three distinct routes:
Oregon Route 22, also known as the North Santiam Highway, proceeds southeast from Salem and follows the North Santiam River to Santiam Junction.
U.S. Route 20, which follows the South Santiam River from the Albany–Corvallis area to Santiam Junction.
Oregon Route 126, which follows the McKenzie River northeast from Eugene.
From the east, Santiam Pass is approached from the town of Sisters; however, immediately east of Sisters, U. S. Highway 20 and Oregon Route 126, which share the route over the pass, split with Oregon Route 126 going northeast to Redmond and Prineville, Oregon and U. S. Route 20 heading southeast to Bend.
History
While the pass was known by native peoples, the first recorded crossing of the pass was in April 1859 by an expedition searching for a cattle trail over the Cascade Range from the Willamette Valley to Central Oregon. This expedition was led by Andrew Wiley, who reportedly climbed a tall tree on a mountain near Lost Prairie to help determine the route. Lost Prairie is located along Hackleman Creek between Fish Lake and Tombstone Prairie. Wiley later helped establish the Santiam Wagon Road.
Originally known as Hogg Pass, after Col. T. Egenton Hogg who designated this crossing for his proposed railroad, Santiam Pass was renamed in 1929 when the Santiam Highway was completed. The original Santiam Pass is located three miles south and was discovered in 1859.
Nearby volcanoes
Three Fingered Jack
Hogg Rock
Hoodoo Butte
Hayrick Butte
Mount Washington
See also
McKenzie Pass – Santiam Pass Scenic Byway
Santiam Junction State Airport, located west of the pass along U.S. Route 20
References
Mountain passes of Oregon
Mountain passes of the Cascades
Transportation in Linn County, Oregon
Transportation in Jefferson County, Oregon
Landforms of Linn County, Oregon
Deschutes National Forest
Willamette National Forest
Landforms of Jefferson County, Oregon
U.S. Route 20
Trestle or Trestles may refer to:
Structures and structural elements
Trestle support, the structural element that supports a trestle bridge, trestle desk, trestle table, or similar structures
Trestle bridge, a bridge composed of trestle support elements
Trestle desk, a desk supported by trestle support elements
Trestle table, a table supported by trestle support elements
Trestle (mill), part of a post mill consisting of a structure of trestle support elements
Trestle tree, a structure that is part of a traditional square rigged sailing ship's top
Trestles Bridge, a railroad viaduct in California
Trestle (heraldry), a charge in heraldry depicting a three-legged tripod traditionally used as a stool or table support
Trestles (surfing), a surfing location in California with a name that refers to a nearby trestle bridge structure
Trestle (also known as ATLAS-I), a non-nuclear electromagnetic pulse test facility for aircraft supported by the world's largest trestle structure made entirely of wood and glue
See also
Tressel (disambiguation)
Galo René Pérez Cruz (Quito, April 3, 1923 - June 18, 2008) was an Ecuadorian writer, poet, literary critic, biographer, and college teacher.
Galo René Pérez has had a lifetime of working in the literary field. He has held various posts in literary and cultural institutions of his country. He was Secretary of Public Education during the government of the former Ecuadorian President Galo Plaza, and served as Secretary General of the Council of Government. He has also been President of the House of Ecuadorian Culture and Director of the Ecuadorian Academy of Language.
Works
Pérez has published 14 books in his career so far. His lectures, essays, article, literary criticism have been collected and published for study abroad. His style, which is simple and elegant, has won him admirers the world over. The latest work is a biography of Juan Montalvo.
He was the 2004 recipient of the "Premio Eugenio Espejo" Prize in Literature, Ecuador's highest award.
Works
Non-fiction
Desvelo y vaivén (Quito, 1949)
César Vallejo, poeta de América (Quito, 1952)
Tornaviaje (Quito, 1960)
Cinco rostros de la poesía: ensayos sobre Pablo Neruda, César Vallejo, Federico García Lorca, Miguel Hernández y Barba Jacob (Quito, 1960)
Desvelo y vaivén del navegante (Quito, 1962)
Rumbo a la Argentina (Quito, 1963)
La viviente poesía de Whitman (Guayaquil, 1966)
Pensamiento y literatura del Ecuador: crítica y antología (Quito, 1972)
La novela Hispanoamericana. Historia y crítica (Quito, 1983)
Prosa escogida (Quito, 1978)
Confesión insobornable (Quito, 1987)
Poetry
Poemas de octubre (Quito, 1946)
Biography
Un escritor entre la gloria y las borrascas: vida de Juan Montalvo (Madrid, 1991)
Manuela Sáenz, una mujer total (Quito, 1997).
References
Ecuadorian poets
Ecuadorian male writers
2008 deaths
People from Quito
1923 births
20th-century poets
20th-century male writers
Phtheochroa meraca is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Puebla, Mexico.
References
Moths described in 1984
Phtheochroa
All About Luv is the sixth and the first English-language studio album by the South Korean boy group Monsta X. It was released and distributed by Epic Records on February 14, 2020. Its release was preceded by several sporadically released singles, including the songs "Who Do U Love?" featuring French Montana and "Love U". The album also ranked number five on the US Billboard 200 and number seven on the US Rolling Stone Top 200.
Background
It is a pop-oriented album with "electro-pop and R&B melodies", a noted difference from the dance music on their Korean releases. It also features the vocals of Wonho, who left the group in October 2019.
Promotion
Monsta X performed at various locations in and around Los Angeles on the day of the album's release, also holding meet-and-greet and Q&A sessions at Tower Records and The Roxy. Several events on the east coast of the United States were held on February 19 and 20—a release party at the Paramount in Huntington, New York, an appearance at the Live Nation store in Manhattan, and a performance at Chelsea Music Hall.
Monsta X was to tour the United States throughout June and July 2020 in support of the album, but the tour was postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Critical reception
Tamar Herman of Billboard called the album a "pure blown pop album full of tracks that relay the emotions of romance" with a focus on "an overwhelming sense of sentimentality and smoothness". Jason Lipshutz of Billboard also described it as "an effective and often charming throwback to the harmonizing and hook construction of a bygone era" and as "a time machine worth returning to in recent months".
Sarah Deen, writing for Metro, said the album "not only shakes off the 'cute' image but boots it up the backside off a cliff" and "the buzzy, EDM sound from their Korean albums has been traded in for club-friendly pop".
Reviewing the album for Variety, Jae-ha Kim wrote that while it was released on Valentine's Day, "its most powerful tracks deal with breakups and deceit" and that the album is "[f]ull of throbbing beats [and] inquisitive lyrics" and "a sleek production that seamlessly blends soulful pop with elements of hip-hop and EDM". Kim also added that "the Korean group's powerful vocal delivery doesn't get lost in translation", summarizing that with the release, the group "has proven that K-pop transcends language barriers and that's something to be happy about".
Commercial performance
All About Luv debuted at number five on the US Billboard 200 with 52,000 album-equivalent units, including 50,000 pure album sales on its first week. It is Monsta X's first entry on the said chart, although not their first on Billboard charts overall.
The album also debuted at number seven on the US Rolling Stone Top 200 with 41,600 album-equivalent units, including 38,400 pure album sales on its first week. It is the group's first entry on the said chart.
Track listing
Charts
Accolades
Listicles
Awards and nominations
Notes
References
2020 albums
Epic Records albums
Monsta X albums
The tables list the Malayalam films released in theaters in the year 2013. Premiere shows and film festival screenings are not considered as releases for this list.
Malayalam films
Dubbed films
Notable deaths
References
2013
2013
Malayalam
Malayalam
Ceratothalama is a monotypic snout moth genus. Its only species, Ceratothalama argosema, is known from Fiji. Both the genus and species were first described by Edward Meyrick in 1932.
References
Moths described in 1932
Tirathabini
Monotypic moth genera
Moths of Fiji
Pyralidae genera
Chandramukhi () is a 2022 Indian Marathi language musical romantic drama film written by Chinmay Mandlekar and directed by Prasad Oak, produced under Planet Marathi, Golden Ratio Films, Flying Dragon Entertainment & Creative Vibe. Based on a novel of the same name, written by Vishwas Patil, the film follows an intense musical love story between leading Tamasha singer and dancer Chandra and a rising politician Daulat and its repercussions. The film stars Amruta Khanvilkar in the titular role alongside Adinath Kothare and Mrunmayee Deshpande. The songs were composed by the duo Ajay–Atul.
Chandramukhi was originally announced as a Diwali 2021 release, but it was postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic in India and finally had its theatrically released on 29 April 2022. It received positive reviews from critics, with praise directed to the cinematography, theme, music, and performances by its lead actors, especially Khanvilkar for her portrayal of Chandra. The film became a commercial success.
Plot
In the 1980s, former Minister of Industry Jamnalal Tripathi died, leaving a vacant seat in the Central Cabinet. This is exactly the opportunity Dadasaheb, erstwhile chief minister of Maharashtra and now a political adviser to the central government's ruling party has been waiting for. Dadasaheb has two daughters who are married to politicians. Daulat Rao Deshmane, the younger son-in-law and a virtuous minister and a potential next Minister of Industry candidate, decides to visit a pilgrimage with his wife Dolly and his father-in-law before things start. During the pilgrimage, there is an uproar in central political circles when a photo of Daulat with a lady makes the front page of a newspaper, exposing him to an extramarital liaison.
The story goes back a few months, when Daulat, contrary to his will, was taken to the door of a famous whore by Nanasaheb Jondhale, a corrupt MLA and Dadasaheb's older son-in-law. He tried to escape but heard the voices of Ghungroo and Dholki. Curiosity gets the best of him, and he is mesmerised by Chandramukhi's beauty with the first exchange of eyes. The next morning, he misses a meeting in Delhi and travels to meet Chandramukhi with Batasharao, a former Songadya (clown). Subsequently, he began meeting Chandramukhi on a regular basis, and the two fell in love.
While spending a romantic evening in a suburb near the lakeshore, Daulat asks Chandramukhi about her past life. She tells him that she is the daughter of a famous theatre artist, Shahir Umajirao Junnarkar. One day, her father collapses from a heart attack on stage during his performance. So, her mother and she continued the troupe, which became famous in a short time. Everything was going well until one day, her entire life was turned upside down when the theatre caught fire. She later discovered that they had amassed a debt of Rs 2.5 lakh. The lender blackmails her mother by threatening to take Chandramukhi with him. At that time, Lalan solves the financial problem and takes Chandramukhi to her brothel, where she pressures her into prostitution against her will, but Chandramukhi refuses, and she doesn't turn into a prostitute. However, Lalan had tried to perform Chirabharni, a ritual that has been carried on in the most despicable oblivion (deflowering). On that specific day, a cruel stranger raped her, which she never told anyone about. But she confronted Daulat about it that evening, and they became closer.
One fine day, Dolly finds a ghungroo in her bedroom and gets suspicious of her husband, asking him to stop before things get worse. Despite being warned, Daulat keeps Chandramukhi at Panvel's farmhouse so that no one suspects their relationship. Dolly finds out about this during a Diwali party and arrives at the farmhouse to humiliate Chandramukhi and ask her to get out of his life. Dolly fell ill in the process, and it was later discovered that she had a hole in her heart. Nevertheless, Daulat was unable to suppress his feelings and his love for Chandramukhi.
The story then returns to the present, Nanasaheb exposes that photo of Daulat and Chandramukhi on the front page. During a meeting with the Prime Minister in Delhi, Daulat is surprised to see Bhattasharao there, claiming that he brought Chandramukhi as Daulat messaged him. On the other hand, Nanasaheb reaches Chandramukhi's hotel room and forces her to confess that Daulat raped her, but she refuses, so Nanasaheb threatens to kill her mother. Dadasaheb realised that someone was doing this to his son-in-law on purpose, so he organised a meeting to admit that Dolly was in the picture with Daulat and that Daulat claim he has never seen Chandramukhi. To everyone's shock, Chandramukhi enters the room and reveals that she was raped by Nanasaheb, not Daulat, and she has never met Daulat. She concluded by thanking the reporters, who showed her such respect and requesting them to make some effort to peek into Tamasha artists' lives in the future as well.
At the end of the tale, Daulat and Chandramukhi meet, where she assures him that they will never meet again, though she does not tell him that she is pregnant.
Cast
Amruta Khanvilkar as Chandramukhi (Chandra) Umajirao Junnarkar
Adinath Kothare as Daulatrao Deshmane
Mrunmayee Deshpande as Damayanti (Dolly) Daulatrao Deshmane
Samir Choughule as Battasharao Gangawle
Mohan Agashe as Dadasaheb Saswadkar
Rajendra Shisatkar as Nanasaheb Jondhale
Radha Sagar as Shevanta
Vandana Vaknis as Hirabai Umajirao Junnarkar
Sachin Goswami as Sawant
Surabhi Bhave as Meera; Dolly's sister
Neha Dandale as Lalan
Deepak Alegaonkar as Nakhwa Sheth
Sanjay Jadhav as Patel
Sathvik Takar as Pardeshi
Sanjay Kadam as Reporter Nithin
Ajith Redekar as Dr. Patnakar
Lenoj Chungath as Suvarnan
Madhuri Konde as Ranibai
Nisar Shaikh as Bhangadi Sheth
Uttara Mone as Lady Reporter
Riya Jail as Gardbai
Avinash Umap as Sure
Ashok Shinde as Shahir Umajirao Junnarkar (cameo appearance)
Prajakta Mali as Nayana Chandrapurkar (cameo appearance)
Smita Gondkar as Mansi Prakash (cameo appearance)
Mayank Oak as Krushna (cameo appearance)
Shivali Parab as Young Chandra (cameo appearance)
Production
Development
The story of the film is based on Vishwas Patil's novel of the same name Chandramukhi.
Actor-director Prasad Oak first read the novel in 2004 and was inspired to adapt Chandramukhi into a feature film due to his love for folk artists and thought it will be his first film as a director. He was trying to acquire the rights to the story for more than a decade, but the author Vishwas Patil was not ready for it. Meanwhile, Oak went on to direct two feature films Kaccha Limbu (2017) and Hirkani (2019).
Around 2019 Patil agreed with the idea and the development of the film started. Khanvilkar and Oak approached producer Akshay Bardapurkar, Piyush Singh, Abhayanand Singh, and Saurabh Gupta to produce the film under the banner of Planet Marathi, Golden Ratio Films, Flying Dragon Entertainment, and Creative Vibe. Oak hired Ajay–Atul for music and Chinmay Mandlekar for the screenplay, and also dialogue. Mandlekar took seven to eight months to develop the script from book. The cinematography was handled by Sanjay Memane. Nilesh Wagh, who previously worked on Court (2014), Anandi Gopal (2019) and Dhurala (2020) was in charge of the production design. National award-winning costume designer Sachin Lovalekar designed the costumes and the jewellery was provided by P. N. Gadgil Jewellers. Oak was certain from the beginning that he wanted to cast Khanvilkar as Chandramukhi though Khanvilkar and other star cast were not revealed.
Filming
Principal photography began on 8 November 2020. The mahurat shot was filmed at Masina Hospital in Byculla. The second schedule started on 7 December 2020 and ended on 18 December 2020. The various shooting locations were Bhor, Saswad, Satara and Mumbai, including Film City. The filming was completed within 45 days. The post-production of the film was wrapped towards the end of February 2021.
Soundtrack
The songs were composed by duo Ajay–Atul and the lyrics were penned by Guru Thakur. This was the first collaboration of the duo with Prasad Oak. The vocals were provided by Shreya Ghoshal, Ajay Gogavale, Priyanka Barve, Madhura Datar, Vishwajeet Borvankar and Aarya Ambekar. Deepali Vichare and Ashish Patil choreographed the songs.
Chandramukhi's soundtrack received a positive response from critics and the audience; the title track "Chandra" hit the chartbuster. The album was released on 30 April 2022.
Marketing and release
The film was one of the most anticipated Marathi films of the year, and the audience's expectations were high. The film was announced in January 2020, and a short official teaser of the film was released on 13 April 2021. The first look of the poster was unveiled with a Lavani Dancer seen in political attire, but the face of the actress was under wraps. Chandramukhi was initially slated for release on 5 November 2021, coinciding with Diwali. Owing to a delay in production caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, it was postponed to 29 April 2022.
Chandramukhi's makers promoted the film on a grand scale. Appropriate care was taken to avoid leaks during production. The second teaser was released on 10 February 2022. The teaser did not reveal the actors', instead making the audience puzzle about the actors from behind. The film was promoted with the tagline, "तो ध्येय धुरंधर राजकारणी… ती तमाशातली शुक्राची चांदणी… लाल दिवा आणि घुंगरांच्या गुंतावळीची… राजकीय रशिली प्रेमकहाणी…"
On 16 March 2022, Adinath Kothare was revealed as Daulat Deshmane with a 48-second teaser. A star-studded event was hosted at the Royal Opera House, the first-ever Marathi film event to be held at this heritage theatre in Mumbai on 22 March 2022. Where makers announced Chandra by unveiling Amruta Khanvilkar's 35-foot-tall cut-out in Chandra's look and she even performed Lavani on a song from the film. Subsequently, songs "Chandra", "To Chand Rati" and "Bai Ga" were released, which generated much hype for the film. Following this, the cast of Samir Choughule as Battasha, Mohan Agashe as Dadasaheb Saswadkar, and Rajendra Shisatkar as Nana Jondhale were unveiled through teasers. The almost three-minute long official trailer was released eight days prior to the film. The trailer was well received by the audience. Along with the Marathi stars, Bollywood dhak dhak girl Madhuri Dixit and global icon Priyanka Chopra Jonas had praised the trailer. Mrunmayee Deshpande was not revealed as part of the cast. A poster of her as Damayanti Daulatrao Deshmane was unveiled after the trailer, as they intended for the trailer to do so instead. The "Sawal Jawab" song, featuring Prajakta Mali and Khanvilkar, was released three days before the film's release.
The poster of Chandramukhi appeared on the SpiceJet plane, for the first time in the world of the Marathi Industry movie poster flashed on the plane. The event took place at Mumbai's Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj International Airport just a day before the film's release. As part of promotion, Khanvilkar was featured on the cover of Filmfare Magazine, becoming the first Marathi actor to grace the cover.
The film was released digitally on Amazon Prime Video from 20 June 2022.
Reception
Critical reception
Upon release, the film met with positive critical acclaim, with most critics applauding the cinematography, music, theme, and performances by its lead actors (especially Khanvilkar). Mihir Bhanage of The Times of India gave Chandramukhi 3 out of 5 stars, concluding, "To cut a long story short, Chandramukhi is a decent watch. With crisper editing, it could've been even better. A special mention to Ajay-Atul's music, that adds the required rustic touch to the songs and elevates the experience". Ruchika Bonsode of Cinetalkers rated the film 4 out of 5 stars, saying, "Overall, the film is a perfect narration of a love story that will make you emotional and respect the folk artist." Shubham Kulkarni of Koimoi, calls it a "Mixed Bag Of A Film". He praised Ajay–Atul's music and Khanvilkar's hard work and her expressive eyes. Overall, he said, "She calls him her Krishna, he calls her Goddess of her own temple, I wish that same poetry stayed alive throughout making the aching heartbeat clearer" with rating of 3 out of 5 stars.
The Week review applauds the magnum opus drama, calling it "Set against the backdrop of top-notch cinematography, screenplay and an amazing soundtrack, the cast takes audiences through a whirlwind of emotions only through a trailer. Chandramukhi lives up to the hype." Suyog Jore of Cinestaan rated 2 out of 4 stars and described Chandramukhi as "not just the love story of two unlikely people, but it is also a tribute to Maharashtra's old and rich culture of lavani and poetry." He praised Khanvilkar for her performance and noted, "the film belongs to Khanvilkar. The actress has simply poured herself into the character. If only the makers had given Chandramukhi a bit more depth, Khanvilkar's performance would have been a tour de force."
In contrary to this, Sameer Ahire wrote, "Chandramukhi is a moon-plated film which looks beautiful but lacks the gravity that could have brought it down on earth." Although he appreciated its cinematography, music and performances. Johnson Thomas of Filmibeat comparing it with Oak's previous work, he gave it 2.5 out of 5 and wrote" It's only in the final throes of the runtime that Oak manufactures a telling moment-as Chandramukhi has her final confrontation...".
Film Companion named Amruta Khanvilkar and Adinath Kothare in their "Best Performances Of May 2022" list for the scorching chemistry between them.
Box office
Chandramukhi opened on a favorable note at the box office. It collected ₹1.21 crore (US$160,000) on the first day. It collected around ₹7.42 crores (US$960,000) at the box office in five days. It collected ₹14 crores (US$1.8 million) in its opening week. The film was released with two big Hindi films, Heropanti 2 and Runway 34, on the eve of Eid on 29 April 2022. Chandramukhi not only did well at the Indian box office but also garnered attention in the foreign market. It had a successful run in UAE theatres.
Accolades
References
External links
Chandramukhi at Amazon Prime Video
2020s Marathi-language films
2022 films
Films about musical theatre
Indian romantic drama films
Indian political drama films
2022 romantic drama films
Films scored by Ajay–Atul
Films based on Indian novels
Films about women in India
Films about courtesans in India
The Altercatio Hadriani Augusti et Epicteti philosophi is a Latin language question-and-answer dialogue composed by an anonymous author in the 2nd or 3rd century. It consists of a short, fictional conversation between Emperor Hadrian and the Stoic philosopher Epictetus. In its earliest form it consists of seventy-three questions on matters of wisdom and natural phenomena posed by Hadrian and answered by Epictetus. The emphasis throughout is on witty, riddle-like answers rather than philosophical ones.
The work was a popular one throughout the Middle Ages and there were many Christianised adaptations including an Enfant Sage dialogue from France in which the conversation takes place between Hadrian and a three-year-old child called Epitus, and an Ypotis poem from England in which the child is revealed to be Christ.
Background
The Altercatio forms part of a genre of question-and-answer dialogues which makes its appearance between the first and third centuries. Plutarch's Banquet of the Seven Sages contains within it nine written questions supposedly sent to the philosopher Thales by an emissary of the Egyptian pharoah Amasis II, and another of Plutatch's works, his Table Talks, consists of a series of short dialogues which often begin with a problem posed as a question at the beginning. Another anonymous work of the period is the Contest of Homer and Hesiod in which Homer and Hesiod pose questions on matters of wisdom to each other. Among the works of the Jewish writer Philo of Alexandria are Questions and Answers for problems relating to the books Genesis and Exodus. But the closest literary parallel to the Altercatio is found in the anonymous Life of Secundus which recounts a fictional meeting between Hadrian and the philosopher Secundus the Silent in which Secundus provides written answers to twenty questions submitted by Hadrian.
The appearance of Hadrian in these two texts reflects his reputation as an intellectual with a passing interest in Greek philosophy. Hadrian is reported to have sought out philosophers from the different philosophical schools, he also corresponded with his adopted mother Pompeia Plotina on the succession of the Epicurean school, and a surviving Hebrew Midrashim describes his dealings with the rabbis. The Historia Augusta reports (Hadrian 1.16.10) that Hadrian was an admirer of Epictetus. Epictetus was the most famous Stoic philosopher of the early second century. The writer Arrian had been a pupil of Epictetus at his school in Nicopolis and recorded his lectures in a famous series of Discourses. It is not recorded if or when Hadrian and Epictetus met, but before he became emperor Hadrian had travelled to Greece where he was granted Athenian citizenship and was appointed archon of Athens in 112. The historian Anthony Birley remarks: "it is difficult to avoid the conclusion that the friendship with Epictetus was formed when Hadrian was on his way to Athens for the first time, in about the year 110 or 111."
Content
The Altercatio is a work of fiction consisting of a series of riddle-like questions proposed by Hadrian and answered by Epictetus. The text is in Latin, and the earliest version is the Altercatio Hadriani Augusti et Epicteti philosophi, which contains seventy-three questions. The work is dated to the second or third century. Subsequently a second version appeared with the title Disputatio Adriani Augusti et Epicteti, but this text consists of only twenty-one questions and answers, almost all of them taken from the Altercatio. At some time in the early medieval period a third variant "Conversation of Adrian and Epictitus" was also composed.
The Altercatio features Hadrian interrogating Epictetus on a wide variety of topics. Throughout the dialogue Epictetus appears as the master or sage providing divine wisdom to Hadrian who acts as the disciple. The questions are very short, and mostly concern themselves with natural phenomena (What is the moon? What is the sun?) and philosophical questions (What is hope? What is fortune?). The answers are intended to be clever and witty. They range from very short responses (Hadrian: "What is death?"—Epictetus: "Perpetual security"), to elaborate metaphors:
Legacy
The Altercatio would prove to be a very popular text, with many translations and adaptations. It greatly influenced the development of medieval dialogue, and at an early date it began to merge with Christian doctrine to produce both secular and religious question-and-answer dialogues. In the 8th century Alcuin of York created his own "Pippin and Alcuin" dialogue in imitation of the Altercatio. This dialogue, which Alcuin addressed to Charlemagne's son Pippin, features Pippin in the role as emperor and Alcuin himself taking on the role of the philosopher-sage.
The Altercatio became connected with a list of riddles and questions regarding biblical trivia known as the Joca monachorum or "Monks' Riddles". This latter text produced its own derivative dialogues including Adrian and Ritheus in Old English, and Solomon and Saturn in both Old and Middle English versions.
L'Enfant Sage
The most famous adaptation was the Enfant Sage written in southern France in the thirteenth century. In this work the conversation takes place between emperor Hadrian and a three-year-old wise child called Epitus, or Apitus. The content of the work has little to do with natural philosophy, instead the questions and answers are mostly religious ones concerning Christian doctrine, morals, and biblical topics. The Enfant Sage was a very popular work, appearing in various forms in forty or fifty manuscript versions during the late Middle Ages, and in many languages ranging from Catalan to Welsh.
Ypotis
In the fourteenth century an anonymous poet rewrote the Enfant Sage into a Middle English poem called Ypotis. The poem survives in fifteen manuscripts from the 14th and 15th centuries, and Geoffrey Chaucer refers to Ypotis as a well-known "romance" in his Sir Thopas Canterbury Tale. In this poem the conversation takes place between Hadrian and the child 'Ypotis', who is placed on the emperor's knee. The poem ranges over such topics as the fall of man, the five sins that lead to hell, the four forms of saving penance, and the four virtues leading to bliss. At the end of the poem there is a new twist when Ypotis declares that he is Christ, and departs to heaven without further explanation.
Citations
References
External links
, 1857 translation by Henry Meigs
The Verbal Duel of Emperor Hadrian and Epictetus The Philosopher (Altercatio Augusti Hadriani et Epicteti Philosophi). Modern translation by L.K.M. Maisel at the Internet Archive
Ypotis: Introduction and Text and Notes, by George Shuffelton, University of Rochester website
2nd-century Latin books
Cultural depictions of Hadrian
Dialogues
Riddles
Wisdom literature
Feyerabend is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Gerhard Feyerabend, German WWII general in the Wehrmacht
Henry Feyerabend, Adventist evangelist, singer, and author
Markus Feyerabend, glider aerobatic pilot
Paul Karl Feyerabend, 20th century Austrian philosopher of science
Sigmund Feyerabend, printer
German-language surnames
Fayette County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois. As of the 2010 census, the population was 22,140. Its county seat is Vandalia. Ramsey Lake State Recreation Area is located in the northwest part of this county.
History
Fayette County was formed in 1821 out of Bond, Clark, and Crawford counties. It was named in honor of the Marquis de LaFayette, French hero of the American Revolutionary War.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.2%) is water.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Vandalia have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1985 and a record high of was recorded in July 1980. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in May.
Adjacent counties
Shelby County - northeast
Effingham County - east
Clay County - southeast
Marion County - south
Clinton County - southwest
Bond County - west
Montgomery County - northwest
Major highways
Interstate 57
Interstate 70
U.S. Route 40
U.S. Route 51
Illinois Route 33
Illinois Route 37
Illinois Route 128
Illinois Route 140
Illinois Route 185
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 22,140 people, 8,311 households, and 5,648 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 9,302 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 93.7% white, 4.4% black or African American, 0.2% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 0.4% from other races, and 1.0% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.4% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 27.5% were German, 10.5% were English, 9.4% were American, and 9.3% were Irish.
Of the 8,311 households, 31.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.3% were married couples living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 32.0% were non-families, and 27.2% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.95. The median age was 39.9 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $41,269 and the median income for a family was $51,216. Males had a median income of $38,257 versus $27,188 for females. The per capita income for the county was $21,663. About 10.8% of families and 16.1% of the population were below the poverty line, including 22.6% of those under age 18 and 12.0% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
St. Elmo
Vandalia (seat)
Villages
Bingham
Brownstown
Farina
Ramsey
St. Peter
Unincorporated communities
Augsburg
Avena
Bayle City
Bluff City
Confidence
Dressor
Hagarstown
La Clede
Loogootee
Pittsburg
Saint James
Saint Paul
Shafter
Shobonier
Vera
Townships
Fayette County is divided into twenty townships:
Avena
Bear Grove
Bowling Green
Carson
Kaskaskia
LaClede
Lone Grove
Loudon
North Hurricane
Otego
Pope
Ramsey
Sefton
Seminary
Shafter
Sharon
South Hurricane
Vandalia
Wheatland
Wilberton
Politics
Until the beginning of the twentieth century, Fayette County was rock-ribbed Democratic. It was not won by a Republican until Theodore Roosevelt's landslide win of 1904. The county voted after that for the winning candidate in every election until 1940, when opposition to Franklin D. Roosevelt's economic and war policies gave the county to Wendell Willkie. Since then only two Democratic presidential candidates have gained an absolute majority in the county – the more recent of these two, Jimmy Carter in 1976, doing so by a single vote.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Fayette County, Illinois
References
United States Census Bureau 2007 TIGER/Line Shapefiles
United States Board on Geographic Names (GNIS)
United States National Atlas
Illinois counties
1821 establishments in Illinois
Populated places established in 1821
The Willem de Eerste was a 74-gun third rate ship of the line of the navy of the Dutch Republic, the Batavian Republic, and the Royal Netherlands Navy.
The order to construct the ship was given by the Admiralty of the Meuse.
The ship was commissioned in 1785. In 1795, the ship was renamed Brutus and incorporated in the Batavian Navy.
On 11 October 1797 the Brutus took part in the Battle of Camperdown under Rear-Admiral Johan Bloys van Treslong. A cannonball hit the Rear-Admiral's right arm, which had to be amputated. Brutus soon left the battle, when she couldn't reach the flagship Vryheid because the burning ship Hercules blocked the way. After the battle, on 13 October, the ship was found by the frigate and was attacked. Brutus sailed deeper in the Dutch waters of the Goeree channel, where she was no longer pursued by the British vessel.
In 1806, the Brutus was renamed Braband. In the years 1811-1813, the ship formed part of the French navy, but she was returned to the Kingdom of the Netherlands in 1814. In 1815 she was fitted out to sail to the Dutch East Indies, but it soon became clear that her hull wasn't strong enough for the voyage, and she sailed no further than Portsmouth. The ship was eventually broken up in 1820.
References
Ships of the line of the Dutch Republic
Ships of the line of the Batavian Republic
Ships of the line of the French Navy
Ships built in the Netherlands
1785 ships
Antonio Lucci (2 August 1682 – 25 July 1752), born Angelo Nicola Lucci, was an Italian Roman Catholic professed member from the Order of Friars Minor Conventual (the "Franciscans") and served as the Bishop of Bovino from 1729 until his death.
The beatification cause started on 5 December 1764 under Pope Clement XIII while he was later titled as Venerable on 13 June 1847 under Pope Pius IX. Pope John Paul II beatified Lucci on 18 June 1989 in Saint Peter's Square.
Life
Angelo Nicola Lucci was born on 2 August 1682 to the cobbler and coppersmith Francesco Lucci and his wife, Angela Paolantonio.
He attended the local school that the Franciscans managed and later joined them in 1698. Lucci made his solemn profession in 1698 in the religious name of "Antonio". He completed his studies for the priesthood in Assisi where he was ordained in 1705. He studied rhetoric and philosophical studies at Venagro and Alvito as well as in Aversa before doing theological studies at both Agnone and Fasani. Further studies led to a doctorate in theological studies and appointments as a professor in Agnone as well as at the Franciscan school in Ravello (from 1709 to 1712) and at the Franciscan school of San Lorenzo in Naples (from 1713 to 1718). He also served as guardian of the convent in Naples.
Lucci was elected as the Minister Provincial in 1718 and held that post until 1719; in 1719 he was appointed as a professor at the Pontifical University of St. Bonaventure in Rome and remained there until his appointment to the episcopate. In 1725 he received instructions from Pope Benedict XIII to write against Jansenism. It was rumored that Benedict XIII would appoint him as a cardinal but this did not happen: the pope had decided to name him in 1729 as the Bishop of Bovino and explained of the appointment: "I have chosen as Bishop of Bovino an eminent theologian and a great saint". Benedict XIII himself conferred episcopal consecration upon Lucci in Saint Peter's Basilica.
Lucci had a reputation for being reserved but his episcopate was marked with frequent visits to his local parishes in the diocese as well as a renewal of Gospel application amongst the faithful; he dedicated his episcopal income to works of education and set up catechesis classes for children and the poor. He also repaired churches and enforced discipline on priests who indulged in vanities while also visiting hermits to ensure the magisterium was being upheld in those places of hermitage. The Minister General for his order requested he writes a hagiographical account in 1740 and so he wrote a major book about the Franciscan saints and blesseds in the first two centuries.
Lucci studied with, and was a close friend of, Francis Fasani who, after Lucci's death, testified on 29 November 1742 at the diocesan hearings regarding the holiness of Lucci's life; he and Fasani were both ordained as priests together. Alphonsus Maria de' Liguori wrote of Lucci and heaped great praise upon him.
Lucci died in of a high fever in mid-1752 and his remains were interred in the Bovino Cathedral.
Beatification
The cause commenced under Pope Clement XIII on 5 December 1764 and Lucci became titled as a Servant of God while Pope Pius IX confirmed that Lucci had lived a model life of heroic virtue and so named him as Venerable on 13 June 1847.
The informative process for the miracle needed for beatification spanned from 1779 until 1780 and received validation in Rome from the Congregation for Rites on 10 September 1782 before a medical board met and approved this miracle two centuries later on 3 February 1988. Theologians approved the miracle on 7 July 1988 as did the Congregation for the Causes of Saints on 8 November 1988. Pope John Paul II approved this miracle on 28 November 1988 and beatified Lucci on 18 June 1989 in Saint Peter's Square.
The current postulator for this cause is Fra Angelo Paleri.
References
External links
Hagiography Circle
Saints SQPN
Catholic Hierarchy
1682 births
1752 deaths
18th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
18th-century venerated Christians
Beatifications by Pope John Paul II
Conventual Friars Minor
Franciscan theologians
Franciscan beatified people
Franciscan bishops
18th-century Italian Roman Catholic theologians
Italian beatified people
Italian Franciscans
People from the Province of Isernia
Venerated Catholics
The Battle of the Alamo (February 23 – March 6, 1836) was a crucial conflict of the Texas Revolution. In 1835, colonists from the United States joined with Tejanos (Mexicans born in Texas) in putting up armed resistance to the centralization of the Mexican government. President Antonio López de Santa Anna and the government in Mexico City believed the United States had instigated the insurrection with a goal of annexing Texas.
In an effort to tamp down on the unrest, martial law was declared and military governor General Martín Perfecto de Cos established headquarters in San Antonio de Béxar, stationing his troops at the Alamo. When the Texian volunteer soldiers gained control of the fortress at the Siege of Béxar, compelling Cos to surrender on December 9, many saw his expulsion to the other side of the Rio Grande as the end of Mexican forces in Texas. Most Texian soldiers in Béxar left to join a planned invasion of Matamoros, Mexico.
Garrison commander James C. Neill went home on family matters February 11, 1836, leaving James Bowie and William B. Travis as co-commanders over the predominant volunteer force. When the Mexican Army of Operations under the command of Santa Anna arrived in Béxar with 1,500 troops on February 23, the remaining Alamo garrison numbered 150. Over the course of the next several days, new volunteers arrived inside the fortress while others were sent out as couriers, to forage for food, or to buy supplies.
A fierce defense was launched from within the walls, even as Bowie and Travis made unsuccessful attempts to negotiate with the Mexican army. Travis repeatedly dispatched couriers with pleas for reinforcements. Although Santa Anna refused to consider a proposed conditional surrender, he extended an offer of amnesty for all Tejanos inside the fortress to walk away unharmed. Most Tejanos evacuated from the fortress about February 25, either as part of the amnesty, or as a part of Juan Seguín's company of courier scouts on their last run.
In response to pleas from Travis, James Fannin started from Goliad with 320 men, supplies and armaments, yet had to abort a day later due to a wagon breakdown. Final reinforcements were able to enter the Alamo during March 1–4, most of them from Gonzales which had become a recruitment camp. Others who had left intending to return were unable to re-enter. At 5:30 a.m. on March 6, the Mexican army began the final siege. An hour later, all combatants inside the Alamo were dead. The bodies, with the exception of Gregorio Esparza's, were cremated on pyres and abandoned. Esparza's brother Francisco was a soldier in the Mexican army and received permission from Santa Anna for a Christian burial.
Juan Seguín oversaw the 1837 recovery of the abandoned ashes and officiated at the February 25 funeral. The March 28 issue of the Telegraph and Texas Register only gave the burial location as where "the principal heap of ashes" had been found. In the following decades, the public wanted to know the location of the burial site, but Seguín gave conflicting statements, perceived as due to age-related memory problems. Remains thought to be those of the Alamo defenders were discovered at the Cathedral of San Fernando during the Texas 1936 centennial, and re-interred in a marble sarcophagus. Purported to hold the ashes of Travis, Bowie and Crockett, some have doubted it can be proven whose remains are entombed there.
Identifying the combatants
Below are 256 known combatants: 212 who died during the siege, 43 survivors, and one escapee who later died of his wounds.
Mexican Colonel Juan Almonte, Santa Anna's aide-de-camp, recorded the Texian fatality toll as 250 in his March 6 journal entry. He listed the survivors as five women, one Mexican soldier and one slave. Almonte did not record names, and his count was based solely on who was there during the final assault. Santa Anna reported to Mexico's Secretary of War Tornel that Texian fatalities exceeded 600. Historians Jack Jackson and John Wheat attributed that high figure to Santa Anna's playing to his political base.
Research into the battle, and exactly who was inside the fortress, began when the Alamo fell and has continued with no signs of abatement. The first published Texian list of casualties was in the March 24, 1836 issue of the Telegraph and Texas Register. The 115 names were supplied by couriers John Smith and Gerald Navan, whom historian Thomas Ricks Lindley believed likely drew from their own memories, as well as from interviews with those who might have left or tried to enter. In an 1860 statement for the Texas Almanac, former San Antonio alcalde (mayor) Francisco Antonio Ruiz set the number at 182.
When the Alamo Cenotaph was created by Pompeo Coppini in 1939, the 187 defender names on the monument came from the research of Amelia Williams, considered the leading Alamo authority of her day. Her work is still used by some as a benchmark, although skepticism has been voiced. Lindley's 2003 Alamo Traces: New Evidence and New Conclusions is the result of his 15-year study of the battle, and upended much of what was previously accepted as fact. He devoted a chapter to deconstructing Williams' research as "misrepresentation, alteration, and fabrication of data", criticizing her sole reliance on the military land grants without checking through the muster lists to identify the combatants. In lieu of service pay, the cash-poor Republic of Texas adopted the system of military land grants. Issuance was dependent upon the military muster lists and either the veterans or their heirs filing a claim, a process that required an upfront fee to complete. Lacking a completed claim, proof of service would appear only on a muster list.
In the pursuit of uncovering every infinitesimal piece of evidence about what happened during the battle, more thorough research methods continue to evolve and Tejanos have begun to add their voices. Until recent decades, accounts of Tejano participation in the Texas revolution were notably absent, but historians such as Timothy M. Matovina and Jesús F. de la Teja have helped add that missing perspective to the battle's events.
Key to military rank abbreviations
Key to military rank abbreviations
Defenders
See also
List of Texian survivors of the Battle of the Alamo
Citations
Notes
Footnotes
References
External links
Jackson, Ron, "In the Alamo's Shadow" Texas A&M University reprint of an article about Joe Travis, slave of William B. Travis (originally published in True West Magazine, February 1998)
1836 in the Republic of Texas
Battles of the Texas Revolution
Davy Crockett
History of San Antonio
Sam Houston
United States history-related lists
Mexican Texas
Wars fought in Texas
Alamo defenders
Seal Rocks comprises two small islets – Seal Rock and Black Rock – south-west of Phillip Island in Victoria, Australia at the western entrance to Western Port.
They were named Seal Islands by James Grant in in January 1801.
Flora & fauna
The islands are a major Australian Fur Seal colony. Approximately 5000 pups are born on Seal Rocks each year – 25% of the Australian population.
References
Islands of Victoria (Australia)
Western Port
Uninhabited islands of Australia
Carroll Moran is a former judge of the Irish High Court from 2014 to 2015. He was a judge of the Circuit Court from 1997 to 2014. He is chairperson of the non-statutory inquiry into the 2016 Summer Olympics ticket scandal.
He was educated at Clongowes Wood College and University College Dublin. He became a solicitor in 1970. He was called to the Irish Bar in 1975. He was editor of the Irish Reports from 1993 to 1997.
References
External links
University College Dublin
The Honorable Society of the Kings Inns
20th-century Irish lawyers
Alumni of University College Dublin
High Court judges (Ireland)
Circuit Court (Ireland) judges
People educated at Clongowes Wood College
1945 births
Living people
Séverine Beltrame and Laura Thorpe were the defending champions, having won the event in 2012, but both players chose not to defend their title.
Sandra Klemenschits and Andreja Klepač won the title, defeating Asia Muhammad and Allie Will in the final, 1–6, 6–4, [10–5].
Seeds
Draw
References
Draw
Open Feminin De Marseille - Doubles
Acrapex albivena is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae first described by George Hampson in 1910. It is found in Africa, including South Africa.
The wingspan is about 35 mm.
Description
Head and thorax black brown mixed with some ochreous; tarsi with slight pale rings; abdomen pale ochreous mixed with brown. Forewing ochreous whitish suffused and sprinkled with black brown leaving whitish streaks on the veins; a whitish streak in discal fold from near base to near termen, then bent upwards to apex; a diffused rufous fascia above vein 1; a terminal series of slight black points; cilia whitish at base, blackish at tips. Hindwing whitish suffused with fuscous brown; the underside whitish sprinkled with brown.
References
External links
Xyleninae
Moths of Africa
Stephanie Mingo is a housing justice activist who focuses on post-Katrina New Orleans. She was born in New Orleans and raised in the St. Bernard public housing development. She works for the Orleans Parish School Board and is a mother of four. As of 2009, she lives with her family in the Iberville housing development.
Mingo had been the third generation of her family to reside in the St. Bernard public housing development, the second largest housing project in the city. She was among many of those displaced after the storm. Mingo and her family were offered housing in the Columbia Parc Development which was being built on the same site, but refused. In early 2009 she published "Comments On the Draft 'Policy Recommendations to Support Gulf Coast Housing Recovery'" in collaboration with fellow activist Sam Jackson, criticizing a proposal for policy recommendations to the U.S. Congress over affordable housing in the Gulf Coast. The text and much of Mingo's activism focuses on the failures of a private sector driven approach to the rebuilding of the Gulf Coast. Stephanie was featured in the 2013 documentary Getting Back to Abnormal focusing on post-Katrina New Orleans, where she was depicted fighting alongside other activists against displacement in the Lower Ninth Ward.
References
Further reading
External links
The Long Hurricane
Reflecting on lessons storm taught about race and poverty
Interview with Amy Goodman and Stephanie Mingo on Democracy Now
Housing agencies sue to remove protesters - Group is occupying St. Bernard complex
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
African-American activists
American housing activists
Housing rights activists
People from New Orleans
Remedial and Special Education is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research in the field of special education. The editors-in-chief are Kathleen Lane and Karrie Shogren (University of Kansas). It was established in 1984 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the Hammill Institute on Disabilities.
Abstracting and indexing
Remedial and Special Education is abstracted and indexed in, among other databases, Scopus and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2021 impact factor is 5.258, ranking it 1st out of 44 journals in the category "Education, Special".
References
External links
Hammill Institute on Disabilities
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Bimonthly journals
Publications established in 1984
Special education journals
Blackbird mine was a large cobalt mining facility in Lemhi County, Idaho, United States.
Mining for gold started in 1893 and the cobalt content was recognized in 1901. The mine produced copper and cobalt between 1902 and 1968.
The deposit still holds considerable amounts of copper and cobalt.
The mine site became a superfund site and was cleaned up in the 1990s.
Notes
References
Mines in Idaho
Cobalt mines in the United States
Surface mines in the United States
Underground mines in the United States
Buildings and structures in Lemhi County, Idaho
Superfund sites in Idaho
1893 establishments in Idaho
FCM, or FMC in the context of chemotherapy is an acronym for a chemotherapy regimen that is often used in the treatment of indolent B cell non-Hodgkin's lymphomas.
In combination with Rituximab this regimen is called R-FCM or R-FMC, or FCM-R, FMC-R.
The [R]-FCM regimen contains
(R)ituximab - anti-CD20 monoclonal antibody that can kill both normal and malignant CD20-bearing B cells;
(F)ludarabine - an antimetabolite;
(C)yclophosphamide - an alkylating antineoplastic agent from the oxazafosforine group;
(M)itoxantrone - a synthetic anthracycline analogue (anthraquinone) that can intercalate DNA, thereby preventing cell division.
The FCM or R-FCM regimen is also sometimes used in some autoimmune diseases that are inherently sensitive to the use of rituximab, fludarabine, mitoxantrone, and cyclophosphamide alone in monotherapies (e.g., in severe multiple sclerosis flares).
Dosing regimen
References
Chemotherapy regimens used in lymphoma
Joyce Hemlow (July 31, 1906 – September 3, 2001) was a Canadian professor and accomplished writer.
Biography
Joyce Hemlow was born July 31, 1906. Her parents were William and Rosalinda (Redmond) Hemlow of Nova Scotia. She was educated at Queen's University where she received a B.A in 1941 and an M.A. in 1942, becoming a travelling fellow of the university until 1943, when she became a fellow of the Canadian Federation of University Women. She then attended Radcliffe College in the United States, gaining an A.M. in 1944 and a PhD in 1948. In 1951, she became a Guggenheim Memorial Foundation Fellow, and, in the summer of 1954, a Nuffeld Fellow.
She taught English literature at McGill University for most of her career, beginning in 1945, and became the Greenshields Professor of English Language and Literature at McGill in 1965. She also served from 1957 to 1961 as a member of the Humanities Research Council of Canada. Her literary output mainly concerned the Burneys, especially the novelist Frances Burney, best profiled in her award-winning book The History of Fanny Burney, which received the James Tait Black Memorial Prize, the Governor General's Award for Academic Non-Fiction in 1958, and the Rose Mary Crawshay Prize. A small collection of her papers at McGill University documents her teaching activities.
She was a member of Phi Beta Kappa and was a Protestant.
Awards and honours
James Tait Black Memorial Prize
Governor General's Award for Academic Non-Fiction in 1958
Rose Mary Crawshay Prize
References
1906 births
2001 deaths
Canadian Protestants
Fellows of the Royal Society of Canada
McGill University faculty
Queen's University at Kingston alumni
Radcliffe College alumni
Governor General's Award-winning non-fiction writers
Canadian women non-fiction writers
James Tait Black Memorial Prize recipients
St. Patrick's Catholic High School, frequently called St. Pat's, is a Catholic secondary school located in Sarnia, Ontario, Canada. It is one of two secondary schools in the St. Clair Catholic District School Board, and the only one located in Sarnia. In 2013 the school was merged with St. Christopher's Secondary School resulting in a population of over 1300 students.
St. Pat's is well known for its Irish Miracle and Cyclone Aid food drive which collects thousands of bags of non-perishable food items for local charities each year.
History
St. Pat's was founded in 1935, initially as a branch of Our Lady of Mercy School before relocating to its own building.
From 1986 to 2013, the school was located at the East Street Campus, on East Street and London Road.
In 2006, a legal challenge to the school's use of a sniffer dog for a drug search reached the Supreme Court of Canada. A majority of justices ruled this to be a violation of Charter of Rights and Freedoms in R v AM.
In 2009 the school celebrated 75 years with both alumni and students.
In 1996, St. Pats was joined by a new Catholic secondary school, St. Christopher's Secondary School. The two schools operated in Sarnia from 1996 to 2013.
After the 2012-13 school year, St. Pats and St. Christopher's were amalgamated. The newly merged school retained its mascot and name from St. Pat's due to its much longer history, while adopting the combined colours green and blue from St. Christopher's. For the 2013-14 school year, St. Christopher students moved to the East Street site, while the former St. Christopher's campus was renovated to add an extra 80,000 square feet to the pre-existing building. The school moved to the enlarged St. Christopher's campus for the 2014-15 year onward. The former St. Pats campus on East Street was demolished by 2017 and the lot remains vacant.
In 2020, St. Pats hosted a in-school Rocket League eSports event led by 10 grade 11 students and teacher Robert Walicki. Most notable students named on the Sarnia Observer being Tiago Campos, Logan Lambert and Colin Wilson. St. Pats was the only high school in their county to run any sort of event during the COVID-19 pandemic. Their efforts led them into the Sarnia Observer and the Sarnia Journal newspapers.
Notable people
Derek Drouin, High jumper, Olympic gold medalist, NCAA champion
Kate Drummond
Phil Esposito, NHL hockey player
Paul Vermeersch, Poet and author.
John Wing Jr., Comedian and author
See also
List of high schools in Ontario
Ursuline College (Chatham)
References
1935 establishments in Ontario
High schools in Sarnia
Catholic secondary schools in Ontario
Educational institutions established in 1935
Vasad Junction railway station (station code: VDA) is a railway station on the Western Railway network in the state of Gujarat, India. Vasad Junction railway station is 15 km far away from Anand railway station. Passenger, MEMU and few Express trains halt at Vasad Junction railway station.
Nearby stations
Nandesari is the nearest railway station towards Vadodara, whereas Adas Road is the nearest railway station towards Ahmedabad.
Trains
The following Express trains halt at Vasad Junction railway station in both directions:
19033/34 Gujarat Queen
19215/16 Saurashtra Express
19035/36 Vadodara–Ahmedabad Intercity Express
See also
Anand district
References
Railway stations in Anand district
Vadodara railway division
Railway junction stations in Gujarat
Padova Gaelic Football (Padova GFC), is a Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA) club based in Padua, north-eastern Italy. The club, founded in June 2012, is the second oldest Gaelic football club in Italy, after Ascaro Rovigo GFC, from the neighbouring town of Rovigo, against which "The Paddies" (as they are called by their fans), contest twice a year the "Adige Cup", once in Padua and once in Rovigo: the first "Adige Cup" was the first Gaelic Football match ever played in Italy. It plays in the East/Central Championship along with Rovigo and the third Italian Gaelic Football team, SS Lazio, and it took part in the European Finals played in Athlone, Ireland, in 2013, playing them again in Maastricht the following years.
The club's colours are red and white. As of 2022, the club is currently inactive.
External links
Official Site
Page on Europe GAA Website
Gaelic football clubs in Italy
Emily of New Moon is the first in a series of novels by Lucy Maud Montgomery about an orphan girl growing up on Prince Edward Island. Montgomery is also the author of Anne of Green Gables series.
It was first published in 1923.
Plot summary
Similar to her earlier and more famous Anne of Green Gables series, the Emily novels depicted life through the eyes of a young orphan girl, Emily Byrd Starr, who is raised by her relatives after her father dies of tuberculosis. Montgomery considered Emily to be a character much closer to her own personality than Anne, and some of the events which occur in the Emily series happened to Montgomery herself. Emily is described as having black hair, purply violet eyes, elfin ears, pale skin, and a unique and enchanting "slow" smile.
Emily Starr is sent to live at New Moon Farm on Prince Edward Island with her aunts Elizabeth and Laura Murray and her Cousin Jimmy. She makes friends with Ilse Burnley, Teddy Kent, and Perry Miller, the hired boy, whom Aunt Elizabeth looks down upon because he was born in 'Stovepipe Town', a poorer district.
Each of the children has a special gift. Emily was born to be a writer, Teddy is a gifted artist, Ilse is a talented elocutionist, and Perry has the makings of a great politician. They also each have a few problems with their families. Emily has a hard time getting along with Aunt Elizabeth, who does not understand her need to write. Ilse's father, Dr. Burnley, ignores Ilse most of the time because of a dreadful secret concerning Ilse's mother. Teddy's mother is jealous of her son's talents and friends, fearing that his love for them will eclipse his love for her; as a result, she hates Emily, Teddy's drawings, and even his pets. Perry is not as well off as the other three, so his Aunt Tom once tries to make Emily promise to marry Perry when they grow up, threatening that unless Emily does so, she will not pay for Perry's schooling.
Other characters include Dean "Jarback" Priest, a quiet, mysterious cynic who wants something he fears is ever unattainable; fiery Mr Carpenter, the crusty old schoolteacher who is Emily's mentor and honest critic when it comes to evaluating her stories and poems; "simple" Cousin Jimmy, who recites his poetry when the spirit moves him; Aunt Laura, who is the kind aunt; and strict, suspicious Aunt Elizabeth who yet proves to be an unexpected ally in times of trouble.
Series
The three Emily novels are Emily of New Moon (1923), Emily Climbs (1925) and Emily's Quest (1927). The series follows Emily through her school years and her climb up the symbolic "Alpine Path" to becoming a successful author (the Alpine Path is a phrase from a poem which was inspirational to her from a young age). The later books also follow Emily through several romances (which are not intimacy romances) and adventures. Emily is a heroine with a love for the beauty in nature and art, loyalty to her friends, a thirst for knowledge, and a passionate dedication to her writing.
Publication
Since its original publication in 1923, the book has never gone out of print. The most popular editions of the book include the following.
Short stories
To promote the book in the United States, Montgomery published edited chapters from it as short stories in The Delineator. These included "Enter Emily" and "Too Few Cooks", which was later adapted into a chapter of Magic for Marigold. These ran the early months of 1925.
Translations
The book has been translated into numerous languages, including the following.
"Emily fra Månegården" (Danish)
Kumkunen Emily (Emily a dreamer)' and 'Emily, Chowon ew Bit (Emily, the Light on the Plain) (Korean)
Emīlija no Jaunā mēness (Latvian)
Pieni runotyttö (Finnish)
Emilka ze Srebrnego Nowiu (Polish)
Emily (Swedish)
Emily, de la Luna Nueva (Spanish)
Emily della Luna Nuova (Italian)
Kawaii Emily (Japanese)
Emilie de la Nouvelle Lune (French)
Emily auf der Moon-Farm (German)
Emily-Dokhtare Darrehaye Sabz (Persian)
Emily z Nového Mesiaca (Slovak)
Emily ở trang trại trăng non (Tiếng Việt)
Emily (Sinhala)
Emily de Lua Nova (Brasilian Portuguese)
Emily - A tűzpróba" and Emily - Barátságok (=Emily: Friendships)" (Hungarian)
אמילי ממולד הירח (Hebrew)
Television
The novels were adapted into a TV series by Cinar, Salter Street Films and CBC Television in 1998. It was filmed on Prince Edward Island and starred local children. The series currently airs on Canada's Vision TV in English and TLN in Spanish, and in the US on This TV.
The series is also currently available on Roku's Hallmark Movie Channel, and for free on Encore+.
In April 2007, the novels were adapted into a 26-episode animated television series in Japan called Kaze no Shōjo Emily (Emily, The Wind Girl). The series was produced by NHK and Tokyo Movie Shinsha.
Popular culture
The book is featured in the TV series Russian Doll, Season 1, Episode 5.
On November 5, 2019, the BBC News listed Emily of New Moon on its list of the 100 most influential novels.
References
External links
Online text of Emily of New Moon
An L.M. Montgomery Resource Page—Excellent resource on L.M. Montgomery and her novels
L.M. Montgomery Online Formerly the L.M. Montgomery Research Group, this site includes a blog, extensive lists of primary and secondary materials, detailed information about Montgomery's publishing history, and a filmography of screen adaptations of Montgomery texts. See, in particular, the page about Emily of New Moon.
The L.M. Montgomery Literary Society —This site includes information about Montgomery's works and life and research from the newsletter, The Shining Scroll Anime World: Kaze no Shōjo Emily—NHK's Official Kaze no Shōjo Emily'' site
(anime)
1923 Canadian novels
New Canadian Library
Novels by Lucy Maud Montgomery
Canadian children's novels
Novels about orphans
Novels set in Prince Edward Island
Canadian novels adapted into television shows
1923 children's books
Frederick A. Stokes Company books
Zirikly () is a rural locality (a village) in Kileyevsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 51 as of 2010. There is 1 street.
Geography
Zirikly is located 23 km north of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Novoalmetyevo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
Coleman Playground is a public park on the border between the Chinatown and Lower East Side neighborhoods of Manhattan in New York City.
History
The park is named in honor of an U.S. Army Corporal Joseph Francis Coleman who died in 1919. Before World War I, the Coleman family lived nearby on Madison Street. Coleman fought in France as a member of the 321st Field Artillery, the 82nd Division of the American Expeditionary Force (AEF). Coleman died on June 16, 1919 at Base Hospital in Hoboken, New Jersey, after contracting tuberculosis in the trenches. Exactly six months after Coleman's death, the Board of Aldermen named this playground in his honor.
LES Skatepark
Under the bridge, Coleman Playground features a skatepark officially called the Coleman Playground Skatepark but often referred to as the LES Skatepark, LES Park, Coleman Square Skatepark, or Chinatown Skatepark. The park began as a DIY spot on old abandoned basketball courts, with the only obstacle being the double stair set that still exists today. In the early 2000s, the city installed pre-fab obstacles to mixed reviews. The locals skaters including Steve Rodriguez received a grant from the Tony Hawk Foundation to fix up the obstacles. The LES skatepark went through a complete concrete remodeled in 2012 and now features ledges, jumps, rails and a pyramid. This skate park is unsupervised. No bikes are allowed; inline skates are permitted.
The 2012 redesign was led by Rodriguez with funding from Nike SB. In 2017, the artist Barbara Kruger created an installation at the park which featured Kruger's signature bold text on ramps, rails, and walls with slogans like “WANT IT. NEED IT. BUY IT.” and “THE GLOBE SHRINKS FOR THOSE WHO OWN IT.” The installation is no longer visible.
In 2019, Steve Rodriguez and Adidas Skateboarding hosted a Go Skateboarding Day event at the park. The following day Rodriguez and Red Bull Skate hosted the best trick contest at the park with Jamie Foy.
References
Urban public parks
Parks in Manhattan
Lower East Side
Abjeqan (, also Romanized as Ābjeqān) is a village in Rivand Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 99, in 25 families.
See also
List of cities, towns and villages in Razavi Khorasan Province
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
James E. Robinson Jr. (July 10, 1918 – April 6, 1945) was a United States Army officer and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration—the Medal of Honor—for his actions in World War II.
Robinson joined the Army from Waco, Texas in 1937,. He attended artillery school in 1943, and was commissioned a second lieutenant. By April 6, 1945 was serving as a first lieutenant in Battery A, 861st Field Artillery Battalion, 63rd Infantry Division. During The Battle of Buchhof and Stein am Kocher, near Untergriesheim, Germany. He was attached as a forward artillery observer to "A" Company, 1st Battallion, 253rd Infantry. During the assault on a tactically-important ridge, Lieutenant Robinson called accurate artillery adjustments that aided A company in advancing on the ridge. But during the assault, "A" company suffered heavy casualties, including all officers and most non-commissioned officers. Lieutenant Robinson assumed command of the demoralized remnant, now numbering only 23 men. He led them in successfully taking the ridge from entrenched elements of the German 17th SS Panzer Division. Lieutenant Robinson then received orders to take the town of Kressbach. During this assault, his larynx was lacerated by shrapnel. Although severely wounded, he refused medical attention, continued the assault, and continued calling artillery adjustments until the objective had been taken. Once the objective was secured, he walked 3000 meters back to the aid station. He was evacuated to the rear, and died of his wounds on the operating table later that day. He was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor on December 11, 1945. In 1948, he was awarded the French Croix de Guerre.
Robinson, aged 26 at his death, was buried in Fort Sam Houston National Cemetery, San Antonio, Texas.
Medal of Honor citation
First Lieutenant Robinson's official Medal of Honor citation reads:
He was a field artillery forward observer attached to Company A, 253d Infantry, near Untergriesheim, Germany, on 6 April 1945. Eight hours of desperate fighting over open terrain swept by German machinegun, mortar, and small-arms fire had decimated Company A, robbing it of its commanding officer and most of its key enlisted personnel when 1st Lt. Robinson rallied the 23 remaining uninjured riflemen and a few walking wounded, and, while carrying his heavy radio for communication with American batteries, led them through intense fire in a charge against the objective. Ten German infantrymen in foxholes threatened to stop the assault, but the gallant leader killed them all at point-blank range with rifle and pistol fire and then pressed on with his men to sweep the area of all resistance. Soon afterward he was ordered to seize the defended town of Kressbach. He went to each of the 19 exhausted survivors with cheering words, instilling in them courage and fortitude, before leading the little band forward once more. In the advance he was seriously wounded in the throat by a shell fragment, but, despite great pain and loss of blood, he refused medical attention and continued the attack, directing supporting artillery fire even though he was mortally wounded. Only after the town had been taken and he could no longer speak did he leave the command he had inspired in victory and walk nearly 2 miles to an aid station where he died from his wound. By his intrepid leadership 1st Lt. Robinson was directly responsible for Company A's accomplishing its mission against tremendous odds.
Family
Robinson was married to Vina E Robinson. Together they had a daughter, Martha D. Robinson.
Namesake
The USNS Lt. James E. Robinson (T-AK-274) was named in his honor.
See also
List of Medal of Honor recipients
List of Medal of Honor recipients for World War II
References
1918 births
1945 deaths
United States Army personnel killed in World War II
United States Army Medal of Honor recipients
People from Texas
United States Army officers
Burials at Fort Sam Houston National Cemetery
World War II recipients of the Medal of Honor
Singha Sārtha Aju () (alternative names Singha Sartha Bahu, Singha Sartha Baha, Simhasartha Bahu) is a merchant in Nepalese folklore. According to tradition, he is the first Newar merchant of Kathmandu to travel to Tibet, and his story is one of the most loved legends in Newar society. Singha Sartha is also considered to be a previous incarnation of the Buddha.
The legend
Singha Sartha led a merchant caravan to Tibet. They arrived at a place where there were many beautiful women, and the traders fell under their spell. Each one of them got a mistress and they spent the days partying, forgetting that they were on a business trip. One night, Karunamaya, the Bodhisattva of Compassion, appeared to Singha Sartha in the flame of an oil lamp, and warned him that their gorgeous lovers were actually demonesses who were waiting for an opportunity to eat them. He told Singha Sartha to check his lover's feet if he was unconvinced, and he would find that the heel pointed to the front and the toes to the back.
Karunamaya then told him that he would help him and his friends to escape. He instructed them to get up before the women and hurry to the river bank where they would find a winged horse. They were to climb on the horse and it would fly them across the river to safety. He also warned them that they should not look back whatever happened, otherwise the demonesses would drag them off the horse and kill them.
Singha Sartha spread the word among his companions, and they all agreed that they had to flee. The next day before dawn, they slipped out of their rooms and reached the river bank. There was a horse as promised, and they all got on its back. The Bodhisattva had taken the form of the horse to help the merchants escape. As the horse took off for the other bank, the women came running after them, pleading not to be left behind. Their sorrowful cries made the men look back, and they were dragged off the horse. Singha Sartha was the only one who maintained his self-control, and he returned to Nepal safely.
Legacy
Ferry boats on the Yarlung Tsangpo River in Tibet are decorated with a wooden horse's head symbolizing the horse Shyam Karna that carried Singha Sartha to safety. A stupa dedicated to Singha Sartha once stood on the Barkhor in Lhasa. The traditional trade fair held in Jampaling, Tibet is associated with Singha Sartha, who is known as Norbu Sangya in Tibetan. There was a shrine dedicated to him near the great stupa of Jampaling which was destroyed during the Cultural Revolution.
In Kathmandu, Singha Sartha has been deified as Chakan Dyah (चकं द्य:), an incarnation of the Buddha, and his statue is carried through the city in a procession on the full moon day of March. Singha Sartha is credited as the founder of the Buddhist courtyard named Thambahil (alternative names Vikramshila Mahavihar, Bhagwan Bahal) situated in Thamel, Kathmandu.
See also
Lhasa Newar (trans-Himalayan traders)
References
Buddhist mythology
Bodhisattvas
Legendary Nepalese people
The Askiya Dynasty, also known as the Askia Dynasty, ruled the Songhai Empire at the height of that state's power. It was founded in 1493 by Askia Mohammad I, a general of the Songhai Empire who usurped the Sonni Dynasty. The Askiya ruled from Gao over the vast Songhai Empire until its defeat by a Moroccan invasion force in 1591. After the defeat, the dynasty moved south back to its homeland and created several smaller kingdoms in what is today Songhai in south-western Niger and further south in the Dendi.
Historical background
After Sonni Ali's death in 1492, one of his sons, Sonni Baru, became ruler of the Songhay Empire. He was immediately challenged for the leadership by Muhammad (son of Abi Bakr) who had been one of Sonni Ali's military commanders. In 1493 Muhammad defeated Sonni Baru in battle and in so doing brought an end to the Sonni Dynasty. Muhammad adopted the title of 'Askiya'. The origin of the word is not known. The Tarikh al-Sudan gives a 'folk etymology' and explains that the word derives from a Songhay expression meaning "He shall not be it" used by the sisters of Sunni Ali. The Tarikh al-fattash, in contrast, mentions that the title had been used previously. The early use of the title is supported by the discovery of tombstones (stellae) with the Askiya title dating from the 13th century in a cemetery in Gao.
A patrilineal system of succession was used in which power passed to brothers before passing to the next generation. Some of the Askiya rulers had a large number of children creating great competition and sometimes fratricide. Margin notes in one manuscript of the Tarikh al-Sudan indicates that Askiya al-hajj Muhammad had 471 children while Askiya Dawud had 333. The Tarikh al-fattash states that Askiya Dawud had 'at least 61 children', of whom more than 30 died as infants.
At the time of the Moroccan invasion in 1591, the empire was ruled by Askia Ishaq II. After his defeat, Askiya Ishaq II was deposed by his brother, Askiya Muhammad Gao. The Moroccan military leader, Pasha Mahmud, set a trap for Askia Muhammad Gao and gave orders for him to be killed. Sulayman, another brother of Askia Ishaq II, then agreed to cooperate with the Moroccan army and was appointed as a puppet Askia in Timbuktu. Yet another brother, Nuh, became Askiya in Dendi, a region south of the modern town of Say in Niger. From Dendi Askiya Nuh organised a campaign of resistance against the Moroccan forces.
Sources
The 17th century Timbuktu chronicles, the Tarikh al-Sudan and the Tarikh al-Fattash, provide dates for the reigns of the Askiyas from the time of Askiya Muhammad usurping the leadership until the Moroccan conquest in 1591. The Tarikh al-Fattash ends in 1599 while the Tarikh al-Sudan provides information on the Askiyas in Timbuktu up to 1656. John Hunwick's partial translation of the Tarikh al-Sudan ends in 1613. Hunwick includes a genealogy of the Askiya dynasty up to this date. The later sections of the Tarikh al-Sudan are available in a translation into French made by which was published in 1898-1900. Information on the dynasty after 1656 is provided by the Tadhkirat al-Nisyan. This is an anonymous biographical dictionary of the Moroccan rulers of Timbuktu written in around 1750. For the earlier entries the text is copied directly from the Tarikh al-Sudan. The Tadhkirat al-Nisyan also provides some information on the collaborating Askiya rulers based in Timbuktu. Elias Saad has published a genealogy of the Askiya dynasty.
After the conquest of areas of West Africa at the end of the 19th century, the French government commissioned to undertake a survey of the people in the occupied territories. In the Denki region the rulers of the small towns of Karimama, Madékali and Gaya claimed descent from the Askiya dynasty of Gao. These town are near the modern border between Niger and Benin. The published report provides a genealogy but does not indicate how the information was obtained nor whether it is likely to be reliable. At the time of Askiya Fodi Maÿroumfa (ruled 1798-1805) the Dendi kingdom split into three separate kingdoms with capitals in the above three towns.
Askiya Dynasty of the Songhai Empire
The names and dates of reigns listed below are those given in the translation of the Tarikh al-Sudan from Arabic into English by John Hunwick.
Askiya al-hajj Muhammad, son of Abi Bakr: 1493-1529
Askiya Musa, son of Askiya al-hajj Muhammad: 1529-1531
Askiya Muhammad Bonkana, son of Umar Komadiakha: 1531-1537
Askiya Isma'il, son of Askiya al-hajj Muhammad: 1537-1539
Askiya Ishaq I, son of Askiya al-hajj Muhammad: 1539-1549
Askiya Dawud, son of Askiya al-hajj Muhammad: 1549-1582 or -1583
Askiya [Muhammad] Al-Hajj, son of Askiya Dawud: 1582-1586
Askiya Muhammed Bani, son of Askiya Dawud: 1586-1588
Askiya Ishaq II, son of Askiya Dawud: 1588-1592
Moroccan Conquest: 1591
Askiya Dynasty in Timbuktu
These are the Askiya rulers appointed by the Moroccans. The dates are from the Tadhkirat al-Nisyan. The spelling generally follows that used by Elias Saad.
Askiya Sulayman, son of Dawud: 1592-1604
Askiya Harun, son of Al-Hajj: 1604-1608
Askiya Bakr Kanbu, son of Yaqub: 1608-1619
Askiya Al-Hajj, son of Kisha: 1619-1621
Askiya Muhammad Bankanu, son of Muhammad al-Sadiq: 1621-1635
Askiya Ali Zalil, son of Kisha: 1635
Askiya Muhammad Bankanu, son of Muhammad al-Sadiq: 1635-1642
Askiya Al-Hajj, son of Muhammad Bankanu: 1642-1657
Askiya Dawud, son of Harun: 1657-1668
Askiya Muhammad al-Sadiq, son of Al-Hajj: 1668-1684
Askiya Muhammad, son of Al-Hajj: 1684-1702
Askiya Abd al-Rahman, son of Umar: 1705-1709
Askiya Bakr, son of Muhammad al-Sadiq: 1709-1718
Askiya Al-Mukhtar, son of Shams: 1718-1724
Askiya Al-Hajj, son of Bakr: 1730-1748
Askiya Mahmud, son of Ammar: 1748- ?
Askiya Dynasty of Dendi
The Tarikh al-Sudan includes a list of the Askia rulers of the Dendi after the Invasion. They were all descendants of Askiya Dawud who had ruled in Gao between 1549 and 1582. The list of Askiyas provides no dates but in a few cases the list specifies the length of their reigns. Most of the Askiyas based in Dendi are not mentioned elsewhere in the Tarikh al-Sudan, but for those that are, it is sometimes possible to date their reigns. There were usually succession struggles and some of the reigns were very short. In 1639 Pasha Mesaoud sacked the town of Lulami in Dendi where Askia Ismail was based. The location of Lulami is not known and the chronicle does not specify whether Lulami was a permanent capital. The Tadhkirat al-Nisyan makes no mention of Dendi or its rulers.
Askiya Muhammad Gao, son of Dawud: 1592
Askiya Nuh I, son of Dawud: c. 1592-1599
Askiya al-Mustafa, son of Dawud
Askiya Muhammad Sorko-ije, son of Dawud
Askiya Harun Dankataya, son of Dawud
Askiya al-Amin, son of Dawud: 1611-1618
Askiya Dawud II, son of Muhammad Bano: 1618-1639
Askiya Ismail, son of Muhammad Bano: c. 1639
Askiya Muhammad, son of Anasa: 1639
Askiya Dawud III, son of Muhammad Sorko-ije: 1639-
Askiya Muhammad Borgo, son of Harun Dankataya
Askiya Mar-Chindin, son of Fari-Mondzo Hammad
Askiya Nuh II, son of al-Mustafa
Askiya Muhammad Al-Borko, son of Dawud II
Askiya Al-Hajj, son of Dawud II
Askiya Ismail, son of Muhammad Sorko-ije
Askiya Dawud III, son of Muhammad Sorko-ije: in power in c. 1655 when the Tarikh al-Sudan was written
The report of the Tilho commission includes a list of rulers of Gao and then of Gaya in the region of Dendi. The early names do not match those in the lists above. The spelling below is as used in the report.
Askiya Maammarou, son of Kasseï: legendary ruler of the dynasty (based in Gao)
Askiya Daouda, son of Maammarou (based in Gao)
Askiya Karbachi Binta, son of Daouda (based in Gao)
Askiya Morobani, son of Daouda (based in Gao)
Askiya El Hadjj Hanga, son of Ismaïla, son of Morobani: -1761 (came from Gao to Dendi)
Askiya Samsou-Béri, son of El Hadjj Hanga: 1761-1779
Askiya Hargani, son of El Hadjj Hanga: 1779-1793
Askiya Samsou Keïna, son of Morobani: 1793-1798
Askiya Fodi Maÿroumfa, son of Samsou-Béri: 1798-1805
Askiya Tomo, son of Samsou-Béri: 1805-1823
Askiya Bassarou Missi Izé, son of Samsou-Béri: 1823-1842
Askiya Boumi a.k.a. Askia Kodama Komi, son of Samsou-Béri: 1842-1845
Askiya Koïzé Babba, son of Tomo: 1845-1864
Askiya Koïzé Babba Baki, son of Fodi Maÿroumfa: 1864-1865
Askiya Ouankoÿ, son of Tomo: 1865-1868
Askiya Biyo Birma, son of Tomo: 1868-1882
Askiya Doauda, son of Bassarou: 1882-1887
Askiya Malla, son of Tomo: 1887-1901
Askiya Igoumou, son of Bassarou: 1901-1905
French conquest: 1901
See also
Songhai Empire
Dendi Kingdom
Sonni Dynasty
Songhai people (subgroup)
Notes
References
. (Vol. 1 contains the Arabic text, Vol. 2 contains a translation into French). Internet Archive: Volume 1; Volume 2; Gallica: Volume 2.
. The anonymous 18th century Tadhkirat al-Nisyan is a biographical dictionary of the pashas of Timbuktu from the Moroccan conquest up to 1750. It also contains a list of the Timbuktu based Ashiyas on pages 289-297.
.
. Also available from Aluka but requires subscription.
.
.
.
People of the Songhai Empire
Dendi people
Gao
Timbuktu
Pulguillas is a barrio in the municipality of Coamo, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 1,205.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Pulguillas barrio was 1,143.
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
External links
Barrios of Coamo, Puerto Rico
The Adventures of Raggedy Ann and Andy is an American animated television series that aired on CBS from September 17, 1988 to September 1, 1990. Based on the dolls Raggedy Ann and Andy by Johnny Gruelle, the series was produced directly by CBS in honor of the 70th anniversary of the characters. The series was canceled in 1990, although CBS aired reruns in August 1991 when Pee-Wee's Playhouse was shelved.
Overview
The plot involved a little girl named Marcella whose Raggedy Ann and Andy dolls would come to life when no humans were present in her bedroom. Then they would be whisked off to a parallel world to save its inhabitants from the villain, an evil but inept sorcerer known as Cracklin.
Also aiding Ann and Andy, besides the Camel with the Wrinkled Knees, were two of Marcella's other stuffed animals, a panda with a faux-British accent known as Grouchy Bear and a stuffed rabbit known as Sunny Bunny. Sometimes they would be joined by more modern toys such as robots or toy soldiers. Often the plot involved the toys helping children in such places as Ancient Egypt or a Native American tribe. As the cartoon was meant for younger audiences it was unlike most other cartoons of the 1980s which had "morals to the story" at the end, although one episode lightly touched upon the issue of poaching when Raggedy Ann, Andy and their friends had to save endangered unicorns from cattle rustlers, who sought to steal their horns for personal gain.
Voice cast
Main voices
Christina Lange as Raggedy Ann
Josh Rodine as Raggedy Andy
Charlie Adler as Grouchy Bear, Tick & Tack
Kenneth Mars as The Camel with the Wrinkled Knees
Katie Leigh as Sunny Bunny
Dana Hill as Raggedy Dog
Kath Soucie as Raggedy Cat
Gaille Heidemann as Mother
Tracy Rowe as Marcella
Additional voices
Michael Bell - Cracklin
Bob Bergen
Sheryl Bernstein
P.L. Brown
Ruth Buzzi
William Callaway
Hamilton Camp
Nancy Cartwright
Chris Cavanaugh
Cam Clarke
Danny Cooksey
Brian Cummings
Jim Cummings - Trollit
Ellen Gerstell
Tony Jay
Sherry Lynn
Dave Mallow
Danny Mann
Allan Melvin
Patty Parris
Rob Paulsen
David Prince
Hal Rayle
Peter Reneday
Neil Ross
Maggie Roswell
Frank Welker - Megamite
Episodes
Thirteen episodes were created:
References
External links
1988 American television series debuts
1990 American television series endings
1980s American animated television series
1990s American animated television series
American children's animated adventure television series
American children's animated fantasy television series
Sentient toys in fiction
CBS original programming
English-language television shows
American television shows based on children's books
Television series by CBS Studios
Raggedy Ann
Brent Clode (born 21 April 1963) is a New Zealand sprint canoer who competed in the late 1980s. He was eliminated in the semifinals of the K-4 1000 m event at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.
References
Sports-reference.com profile
1963 births
Canoeists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Living people
New Zealand male canoeists
Olympic canoeists of New Zealand
20th-century New Zealand people
21st-century New Zealand people
John George Chalmers (August 17, 1874 – June 8, 1962) was an American football, basketball, and baseball coach. He served as the head football coach at Franklin & Marshall College (1902), the University of Iowa (1903–1905), Columbia College in Dubuque, Iowa, now known as Loras College, (1907–1914), and the University of Dubuque (1914–1924), compiling a career college football record of 100–47–8. Chalmers was also the head men's basketball coach at Iowa for one season (1904–1905), tallying a mark of 6–8, and the baseball coach at Iowa for two seasons (1904–1905) and at Columbia College from 1915 to 1921.
Background
Born in Downsville, New York, Chalmers was one of the most successful athletes in Lafayette College history. He graduated in 1902. In 1901, his coaching career began at Dubuque High School in Dubuque, Iowa. He led the Dubuque High School football team to the state title in the championship game against West Des Moines High School, winning by a score of 12–0. Chalmers then served as athletic director at Franklin & Marshall College for a year before being hired to replace Alden Knipe as head football coach at the University of Iowa in 1903.
Coaching career
Franklin & Marshall
Chalmers was the head football coach at Franklin & Marshall College in Lancaster, Pennsylvaniafor one season in the 1902 season, compiling a record of 7–2. He was hired from Lafayette College to replace John C. Hedges who had resigned the previous year.
Iowa
Iowa had a 9–2 record in 1903 under Chalmers. Those nine wins were a school record that stood for 82 years. The record was tied in 1956 and 1983, but it was not until 1985 that an Iowa team surpassed Chalmers' nine wins in 1903.
The highlight of the 1903 season was a home victory over Illinois. The Hawkeyes had not yet won a home game against a Western Conference opponent, and Illinois had humiliated the Hawkeyes 80-0 in 1902. But the Hawkeyes pulled out a 12–0 victory in 1903, Iowa's first conference victory since 1900.
Iowa had a 7–4 record in 1904 and an 8–2 record in 1905. The 1905 team was led by captain Earle McGowan, one of the most prolific scorers in Hawkeye history. He scored 114 points in 1905, and the 1905 Hawkeyes shut out seven of their ten opponents. But losses to Minnesota and Chicago kept Iowa in the cellar in the Western Conference.
Chalmers served as Iowa's basketball coach during the 1904–1905 season, coaching the team to a 6–8 record. He also coached baseball at Iowa for two years in 1904 and 1905. Chalmers wanted to leave the university after the 1905 football season and begin his law practice in Dubuque. However, school officials convinced him to stay for one more year. Mark Catlin from the University of Chicago, the heir apparent to Chalmers as head coach, was hired that season to assist Chalmers. Although Catlin was actually an assistant coach, many Iowa records consider Catlin, not Chalmers, the official coach of the 1906 Hawkeyes.
The Western Conference meetings of 1905 led to two significant rule changes. Conference members were not allowed to play more than five games per season. Also, freshmen were now ineligible, and players were allowed a maximum of three years of eligibility. These rule changes were made in response to growing criticism over player injuries and deaths during games at that time.
These changes greatly hampered play in 1906. Conference players who were to be seniors were all ruled ineligible, because they had already played three years of competition. Players who were to be freshmen also sat out. Only players who were to be sophomores and juniors were allowed to play.
Iowa finished with a 2–3 record in 1906. Coaches Chalmers and Catlin worked well together but had contrasting coaching styles. Chalmers learned the eastern style of play at Lafayette, coaching players as individuals and devising conservative schemes to maximize their talents. Catlin learned the western style of play from Amos Alonzo Stagg at Chicago, coaching schemes rather than players and advocating an open, aggressive style.
Chalmers left Iowa with a record of 24–8 over three years. Official records indicate that he has the highest winning percentage of any Hawkeye coach that coached more than one year. However, Iowa won just one Western Conference game with Chalmers, the 1903 victory over Illinois.
Columbia and Dubuque
Chalmers left Iowa for Dubuque in 1907. He set up his law practice, and he also became the first ever football coach at Columbia College. He coached Columbia from 1907 to 1914, compiling a 28–16–4 record. His 28 wins for official Columbia football squads has only been surpassed by Bob Bierie.
Chalmers, who considered coaching to be an enjoyable hobby, then became the first football coach in the history of the University of Dubuque. He coached football at that school from 1914 to 1924 and was also their first baseball coach from 1915 to 1921. The University of Dubuque has named their football field "Chalmers Field" in honor of him. In 1992, Chalmers was inducted into the University of Dubuque Athletic Hall of Fame.
Legal career
Chalmers was a prominent lawyer and later a judge in Dubuque for 56 years.
Head coaching record
College football
References
External links
1874 births
1962 deaths
Basketball coaches from New York (state)
Dubuque Spartans baseball coaches
Dubuque Spartans football coaches
Dubuque Spartans men's basketball coaches
Franklin & Marshall Diplomats baseball coaches
Franklin & Marshall Diplomats football coaches
Iowa Hawkeyes baseball coaches
Iowa Hawkeyes football coaches
Iowa Hawkeyes men's basketball coaches
Lafayette Leopards football players
Loras Duhawks football coaches
High school football coaches in Iowa
Iowa state court judges
People from Delaware County, New York
Educators from New York (state)
The Octoroon is a 1909 American silent film produced by Kalem Company and directed by Sidney Olcott, shot in Florida.
Production notes
The film was shot in Jacksonville, Florida.
Other title : A Story of the Turpentine Forest
Bibliography
The Moving Picture World vol 4 n°1, p 11; p 533.
The New York Dramatic Mirror, 1909, January 9, p 9; January 16, p 7.
References
External links
AFI Catalog
1909 films
1909 drama films
1909 short films
American black-and-white films
American silent short films
Films directed by Sidney Olcott
Films set in Florida
Films shot in Jacksonville, Florida
Silent American drama films
1900s English-language films
1900s American films
Carole Nash is a motorcycle insurance brokers in the UK and Ireland. The company also provides insurance cover for classic cars and performance vehicles, as well as campervans.
History
In 1985, after being made redundant for economic reasons by her previous employer, Carole Nash founded Carole Nash Insurance Consultants Ltd, using her redundancy cheque of £2,500. The company's first headquarters were located at Nash's own family home in Timperley, with business operations run from her kitchen table. Originally set up to look after the interests of vintage motorcycle owners, the business expanded to cover all types of motorbikes. By 1995, following a sustained period of growth, Carole Nash had 30,000 policyholders on its books.
Carole Nash opened its first office in Ireland in 1999. In 2004, the company acquired the motorcycle insurance arm of The Automobile Association, helping it to increase its customer portfolio to 230,000 policyholders. In December 2006, the business was sold by its founder to French insurance group Groupama for an undisclosed sum. Following the sale, David Newman was appointed as Chief Executive Officer in September 2007.
In May 2012 the company expanded into the classic motor industry with the launch of a specialist branch of the business tailored to meet the needs of classic and performance car owners. The company celebrated its 30th anniversary in 2015. To commemorate, a life-size replica of the first motorcycle ever insured by Carole Nash – an AJS 1927 – was unveiled, made entirely from cake and chocolate, and measuring two metres (length) by 0.9 metre (height). To this day, the owner is still insured through Carole Nash.
In 2017 Carole Nash was bought by The Ardonagh Group.
Key people
Carole Nash
Founder. Sold the business to Groupama in 2006. She is still actively involved with the company, taking part in events and interviews during the company's 30th anniversary celebrations. In 2012 Carole Nash was appointed an OBE for charitable services in the North West of England.
David Newman
David Newman was CEO of Carole Nash Insurance Consultants Ltd and Chairman of Carole Nash Legal Services LLP, one of the first approved Alternative Business Structures (ABS) allowed under the Legal Services Act 2007,
He is a chartered director and chartered marketer as well as a fellow of the Chartered Institute of Marketing and the Institute of Directors. He also holds a diploma in Company Direction from the Institute of Directors.
He has been a non-executive director of the Insurance Fraud Bureau, a non-profit organisation funded by the insurance industry to detect and deter insurance fraud in the UK, since 2010.
Newman was named a finalist in the North West Director of the Year Awards 2015.
Ian Donaldson
Ian Donaldson is the current CEO of Carole Nash Insurance, Ian is also the CEO of Autonet, both are subsidiaries of the Ardonagh group.
Customer Council
In 2014 Carole Nash created its own Customer Council. Made up of eleven policyholders, the council offers real-time insight into the current areas that matter most to real bikers, allowing Carole Nash to get beneath the surface of how they can provide better care and product offering. The Customer Council were involved in the development of two new policies - 'Rider Cover' and 'Bikers Only'.
Partners
Jonathan Rea races professionally for Kawasaki in the World Superbike Championship, where he was crowned champion in 2015. To celebrate, colleagues from Carole Nash's Irish offices changed their name to Jonathan Rea by deed poll.
Jonathan has been a brand ambassador for Carole Nash since 2013.
Leon Haslam currently competes in the British Superbike Championship for Kawasaki and is the son of retired MotoGP legend 'Rocket Ron' Haslam. Leon has been an ambassador for Carole Nash since 2014.
The Honda Ron Haslam Race School
After retiring from professional motorcycle racing, Ron Haslam set up his own race school at Donington Park with his wife Ann. Carole Nash has been a sponsor of the race school since 2014.
Ace Cafe
The Ace Cafe has played a notable role in motorcycle culture since it opened in its doors 1938. Carole Nash has sponsored the Ace Cafe for many years and regularly takes part in bike meets and ride-outs with them.
Shows
Carole Nash has helped nurture the motorcycle culture through their involvement with many of the UK and Ireland's biggest motorcycle shows and events.
The company has continued to grow its partnerships with Bauer Media and Mortons, who between them organise the majority of the motorcycle shows covering both current and vintage bikes.
Social responsibility
To commemorate the 30th anniversary of the company, Carole Nash donated £30,000, shared out amongst five local charities; the Christie Hospital, North West Air Ambulance, The Counselling & Family Centre, Forever Manchester and Brake.
A further £30,000 was split across six Blood Bikes groups. Blood Bikes are a rapid response motorcycle-based charity, run by unpaid volunteers, who move urgent medical supplies and test samples to hospitals up and down the UK.
Insidebikes
The company operates its own motorcycle news, guide and advice site, entitled Insidebikes. The site provides motorcycle-related news covering industry news, consumer issues and sport news from the MotoGP, World Superbikes and British Superbikes championships. A number of guides on new products, models and owning and riding advice are also featured.
Awards
Carole Nash has been awarded a number of awards, including:
Personal Lines Broking Innovation of the Year award for 'Bikers Only' at the British Insurance Awards 2016
Insurance Times Awards
Excellence in Motor Broking - 2015
Personal Lines Broker of the Year – 2015
Brand Marketing Campaign of the Year - 2012
Defaqto
Carole Nash Motorcycle Insurance rated as an 'excellent product' and given five-star rating – 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016
RiDE Magazine, RiDER Power Survey:
Britain's Most Used Motorcycle Insurance Broker – 2002, 2003, 2004, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010.
Insurance Age Awards:
Claims Initiative of the Year – 2004
British Insurance Awards:
Personal Lines Broker of the Year – 2003, The Training Award – 2003
References
External links
Insurance companies of the United Kingdom
Financial services companies established in 1985
Companies based in Trafford
1985 establishments in the United Kingdom
Hans Adolph Weymar (1 February 1884 – 4 July 1959) was a German international footballer.
References
External links
1884 births
1959 deaths
People from Schleswig-Flensburg
Footballers from Schleswig-Holstein
German footballers
Association football midfielders
Germany international footballers
SC Victoria Hamburg players
Seychelles sent a delegation to compete at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 to 18 September 2016. This was the second time that the country took part in the Summer Paralympic Games after it made its debut twenty-four years prior at the 1992 Summer Paralympics and established a new National Paralympic Committee with assistance from UK Sport. Discus thrower Cyril Charles was the only competitor that the nation sent to Rio de Janeiro. In his event, the men's Javelin F56–57, he ranked fourteenth and last out of all the competing athletes with a personal best throw of 16.97 metres.
Background
Seychelles made its Paralympic debut at the 1992 Summer Paralympics in Barcelona, Spain. Following these Games, they would be absent from the Paralympics for twenty-four years until the country received assistance from UK Sport in trying to establish a new National Paralympic Committee (NPC) in 2013 with a meeting held between NPC Rwanda President Dominique Bizimana and UK Sport Senior Adviser Elias Musangeya met with Seychelles' Social Affairs, Community Development and Sports Minister Vincent Meriton to discuss the feasibility of this. The Paralympic Association of Seychelles was formally established on 13 July 2013 and it became affiliated with the International Paralympic Committee. These Rio de Janeiro Paralympics were Seychelles' second appearance at a Summer Paralympiad. The 2016 Summer Paralympics were held from 7–18 September 2016 with a total of 4,328 athletes representing 159 NPCs taking part. The country sent one competitor to Rio de Janeiro, javelin thrower Cyril Charles. He was accompanied by coach Vincent Cedras and doctor Lucia Banane and they received sponsorship from Barclays Bank Seychelles to pay for their expenditure for the Games. Charles was chosen to be the flag bearer for the parade of nations during the opening ceremony.
Disability classification
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Athletics
Seychelles was assigned one wild card spot for a competitor in athletics. Cyril Charles was 53 years old at the time of the Rio Summer Paralympic Games and he was competing in the Paralympics for the second time after representing Seychcelles at the 1992 Summer Paralympics. His left leg was amputated below the knee because of a grenade explosion while serving in the Seychelles People's Defence Force in August 1980. Charles competes in a wheelchair and is classified as F57. He trained with coach Vincent Cedras and the national team coach as part of his preparation for the Paralympics. Cedras said that the possibility of Charles winning a medal was unrealistic due to a lack of intensive training, "We will be facing people who live and breathe javelin, the best from across the world but you never know in sports what can happen. We might get lucky." He competed in the men's javelin F56–57 competition on 12 September. Charles ranked fourteenth and last out of all the competing athletes with a personal best throw of 16.97 metres. He said afterwards that he was not satisfied with his performance due to the equipment he used during his training which he deemed inadequate.
Men's Field
See also
Seychelles at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Seychelles
Rueland Frueauf the Younger (c. 1470 – after 1545) was a German Late-Gothic painter.
Biography
Frueauf was born in Salzburg, and later moved to Passau where he lived and worked for the rest his life. He produced primarily paintings, altarpieces, and frescoes for local churches. His father Rueland Frueauf the Elder was also a painter.
Frueauf the Younger died in Passau.
References
15th-century German painters
German male painters
16th-century German painters
1545 deaths
1470 births
Gothic painters
Netreba was a village in Wołyń Voivodeship (1921–1939), in Sarny county, gmina Kisorycze, Poland, destroyed by the UPA in July 1943. Many of its residents converted to Roman Catholicism before the onset of the Nazi German and Soviet invasion of Poland in 1939, which contributed to the 1943 murderous raid by the Ukrainian death squads. The few surviving Netreba refugees built dugouts in the forest where they saved themselves.
The solitary church still standing at the end of the war, was dismantled soon after by the Soviet authorities and the materials used in the construction of pig-stalls in nearby kolhozs (government-run farms).
At present, Netreba is an open field in Rivne Oblast of Ukraine.
Geographical coordinates: 51° 6' 0" North, 27° 20' 0" East
References
Baruch Shehori (Schwartzblat) (Haifa), "The Soviets Occupy Our Town" Translated by Ala Gamulka
Netreba at Maplandia.com
Netreba – Ukraine at IndexMundi.com
Villages in Rokytne Raion, Rivne Oblast
Larry Delray Stordahl (born October 23, 1942) is an American former ice hockey defenseman and Olympian.
Stordahl played with Team USA at the 1968 Winter Olympics held in Grenoble, France. He previously played for the Rochester Mustangs of the United States Hockey League.
References
External links
1942 births
Living people
Ice hockey players at the 1968 Winter Olympics
Olympic ice hockey players of the United States
American men's ice hockey left wingers
Patrick Herbert George (28 July 1923 – 23 April 2016) was an English painter who taught at the Slade School of Fine Art in London for most of his career. He was best known for his landscapes but also painted a number of portraits, including one of Natalie Dower which is in Tate's collection.
Early life
Patrick George was born in Wilmslow, Cheshire, on 28 July 1923. He was educated at The Downs School, Herefordshire, and Bryanston School. He studied at the Edinburgh College of Art (1941–42) followed by service in the Royal Navy during the Second World War. He was in a landing craft during the Normandy landings and later served in the Far East before being demobilised in 1946. He then studied at the Camberwell School of Art.
Career
George taught at the Slade School of Fine Art in London from 1949, always on a part-time basis. He taught at the Nigerian College of Art in Zaria towards the end of the 1950s before returning to the Slade where he rose to become director of school and Slade Professor of Fine Art from 1985 until his retirement in 1988.
He had several exhibitions throughout his career, most notably one at Gainsborough's House in 1975 and a one-man show at the Serpentine Gallery in 1980, and many at Browse and Darby in London.
See also
William Coldstream
Andrew Wykes
References
Further reading
Andrew Lambirth, Patrick George (Bristol: Sansom & Company, 2014).
External links
Patrick George interviewed by Andrew Lambirth.
Patrick George at the Tate Gallery.
1923 births
2016 deaths
English landscape painters
People from Wilmslow
People educated at The Downs School, Herefordshire
People educated at Bryanston School
Royal Navy officers of World War II
Alumni of Camberwell College of Arts
Academics of the Slade School of Fine Art
Military personnel from Chester
Royal Navy officers
Poveglia ( ; ) is a small island located between Venice and Lido in the Venetian Lagoon, of northern Italy. A small canal divides the island into two separate parts. The island first appears in the historical record in 421, and was populated until the residents fled warfare in 1379. For more than 100 years beginning in 1776, the island was used as a quarantine station for those suffering the plague and other diseases, and later as a mental hospital. The mental hospital closed in 1968, and the island has been vacant ever since. Because of its history, the island is frequently featured on paranormal shows.
Visits to the island are prohibited, but various books and articles report on visits by writers and/or photographers. Believers in the paranormal have claimed that Poveglia is the most haunted island or the most haunted place in the world.
History
The island is first mentioned in chronicles of 421, when people from Padua and Este fled there to escape the barbarian invasions. In the 9th century the island's population began to grow, and in the following centuries its importance grew steadily, until it was governed by a dedicated Podestà. In 1379 Venice came under attack from the Genoan fleet; the people of Poveglia were moved to the Giudecca.
The island remained uninhabited in the subsequent centuries; in 1527 the doge offered the island to the Camaldolese monks, who refused the offer. From 1645 on, the Venetian government built five octagonal forts to protect and control the entrances to the lagoon. The Poveglia octagon is one of four that still survives.
In 1776 the island came under the jurisdiction of the Magistrato alla Sanità (Public Health Office), and became a check point for all goods and people coming to and going from Venice by ship. In 1793, there were several cases of the plague on two ships, and consequently the island was transformed into a temporary confinement station for the ill (lazaretto); this role became permanent in 1805, under the rule of Napoleon Bonaparte, who also had the old church of San Vitale destroyed; the old bell-tower was converted into a lighthouse. The lazaretto was closed in 1814.
The island was used as a quarantine station from 1793 until 1814. In 1922 the existing buildings were converted into an asylum for the mentally ill and later used as a nursing home/long-term care facility, until its closure in 1968. Afterwards, the island was briefly used for agriculture and then completely abandoned.
In 2014 the Italian state auctioned a 99-year lease of Poveglia, which would remain state property, to raise revenue, hoping that the buyer would redevelop the hospital into a luxury hotel. The highest bid was from Italian businessman Luigi Brugnaro, (€513,000); he planned to invest €20 million euros in a restoration plan. The lease did not proceed because his project was judged not to meet all the conditions. Other sources suggested that the deal was annulled because the bid was too low. Brugnaro initially fought the cancellation of the lease, but after he became mayor of Venice, he renounced any intentions to the island.
In 2015, a private group, Poveglia per Tutti, was hoping to raise €25–30 million for a new plan to include "a public park, a marina, a restaurant, a hostel [and] a study centre" according to The Telegraph. As of mid-2019, however, the island still sat vacant.
Buildings and structures
The surviving buildings on the island consist of a cavana, a church, a hospital, an asylum, a bell-tower and housing and administrative buildings for the staff. The bell-tower is the most visible structure on the island, and dates back to the 12th century. It belonged to the church of San Vitale, which was demolished in 1806. The tower was re-used as a lighthouse.
The existence of an asylum on Poveglia seems to be confirmed by a sign for "Reparto Psichiatria" (Psychiatric Department) still visible among the derelict buildings, as photographed by Ransom Riggs in his May 2010 photo-essay documenting his visit to Poveglia. However, there seems to be no evidence of an alleged prison.
A bridge connects the island on which the buildings stand with the island that was given over to trees and fields. The octagonal fort is on a third, separate island, next to the island with the buildings, but unconnected to it. The fort itself today consists solely of an earthen rampart faced on the outside with brick.
The island contains one or more plague pits. An estimate published by National Geographic suggest that over 100,000 people died on the island over the centuries and were buried in plague pits. Another source, Atlas Obscura, provides an estimate of 160,000 people.
News reports published in 2014/2015 confirmed that the building and rusting artefacts still existed. The island contained dilapidated buildings including the church of St Vitale, a hospital, an asylum, and prison plus residential and office buildings.
Popular culture
Some time after the island had become a quarantine station for ships arriving at Venice in the 18th century, a plague was discovered on two ships. The island was sealed off and used to host people with infectious diseases, leading to legends of terminally ill Venetians waiting to die before their ghosts returned to haunt the island.
A doctor allegedly experimented on patients with crude lobotomies. According to various reports, most recently by the Travel Channel, the doctor jumped from the bell tower in the 1930s after claiming he had been driven mad by ghosts. He later died. Decades later, nearby residents claimed to still hear the bell, although it was removed many years earlier. That report, titled "Haunted History", also states that some restoration work had started recently but that "abruptly stopped without explanation".
The island has been featured on the paranormal shows Ghost Adventures and Scariest Places on Earth.
The island was featured on a video by Yes Theory in 2019.
See also
Hoffman Island in the Lower New York Bay, off the South Beach of Staten Island, New York City
Swinburne Island an artificial island in Lower New York Bay, east of Staten Island in New York City
References
External links
Poveglia Island Paranormal Report
Poveglia island history, ghost sightings, photos of the abandoned structures
Satellite image from Google Maps
Islands of the Venetian Lagoon
Reportedly haunted locations in Italy
Keyword Protocol 2000, abbreviated KWP2000, is a communications protocol used for on-board vehicle diagnostics systems (OBD). This protocol covers the application layer in the OSI model of computer networking. The protocol is standardized by International Organization for Standardization as ISO 14230. KWP2000 also covers the session layer in the OSI model, in terms of starting, maintaining and terminating a communications session.
Commonly used physical layers
One underlying physical layer used for KWP2000 is identical to ISO 9141, with bidirectional serial communication on a single line called the K-line. In addition, there is an optional L-line for wakeup. The data rate is between 1.2 and 10.4 kilobaud, and a message may contain up to 255 bytes in the data field.
When implemented on a K-line physical layer KWP2000 requires special wakeup sequences: 5-baud wakeup and fast-initialisation. Both of these wakeup methods require timing critical manipulation of the K-line signal.
KWP2000 is also compatible on ISO 11898 (Controller Area Network) supporting higher data rates of up to 1 Mbit/s. CAN is becoming an increasingly popular alternative to K-line because the CAN bus is usually present in modern-day vehicles and thus removing the need to install an additional physical cable.
Using KWP2000 on CAN with ISO 15765 Transport/Network layers is most common. Also using KWP2000 on CAN do not require the special wakeup functionality.
KWP2000 can be implemented on CAN using just the service layer and session layer (no header specifying length, source and target addresses is used and no checksum is used); or using all layers (header and checksum are encapsulated within a CAN frame). However using all layers is overkill, as ISO 15765 provides its own Transport/Network layers.
ISO 14230
ISO 14230 Road vehicles – Diagnostic systems – Keyword Protocol 2000 is structured as follows:
ISO 14230-1 Physical layer
ISO 14230-2 Data link layer
ISO 14230-3 Application layer
ISO 14230-4 Requirements for emission-related systems
References
Automotive technologies
Mirko Jović (Serbian Cyrillic: Мирко Јовић; born 13 August 1959, in Zemun) is a Serbian politician who stood for president of Serbia in the 2004 Serbian presidential election for the Radical Party of People, Serbia, Diaspora and European Bloc. He lives in Belgrade.
Political career
Together with Vuk Drašković and Vojislav Šešelj, Jović founded the Serbian National Renewal party (SNO) in 1989. However, the trio soon found themselves at political crossroads and their party disintegrated into three pieces by 1990. Jović kept the SNO, Šešelj formed the Serbian Radical Party and Drašković formed the Serbian Renewal Movement. The unpopularity of the Jović's nationalist agenda was most markedly shown in Vojvodina, his home province.
This animosity towards Serbian National Renewal ideology culminated in spontaneous mass beating of Jović and the leadership of the party during the party meeting in city of Vrbas in 1991.
He was a volunteer soldier in the Bosnian War, where he was the leader of the White Eagles militia and called for "‘a Christian, Orthodox Serbia with no Muslims and no unbelievers". In the 2004 Serbian presidential election he won 5,546 votes or 0.18% of the votes.
Notes
1959 births
Living people
People from Zemun
Candidates for President of Serbia
Serbian National Renewal politicians
Serbian people of Bosnia and Herzegovina descent
Serbian nationalists
John Jacob Lentz (January 27, 1856 – July 27, 1931) was an American lawyer and politician who served as a U.S. Representative from Ohio for two terms from 1897 to 1901.
Early life and career
Born near St. Clairsville, Belmont County, Ohio, Lentz attended the common schools and the St. Clairsville High School.
He was a school teacher for four years.
He graduated from the National Normal University, Lebanon, Ohio, in 1877 and then attended the University of Wooster in 1877 and 1878.
He graduated from the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor in 1882 and from Columbia Law School, New York City, in 1883.
He was admitted to the bar in Columbus, Ohio, in October 1883 and practiced. He was law partner with George K. Nash from 1887 until Nash's death in 1904.
He was the founder of the American Insurance Union in 1894 and was its president continuously from then until his death.
He was a trustee of Ohio University at Athens.
Congress
Lentz was elected as a Democrat to the Fifty-fifth and Fifty-sixth Congresses (March 4, 1897 – March 3, 1901).
He was an unsuccessful candidate for re-election in 1900 to the Fifty-seventh Congress.
Later career
He served as delegate to the Democratic National Convention in 1908.
He participated in campaigns in many States in support of the Eighteenth and Nineteenth amendments to the Constitution.
He retired from his law practice in 1915 and engaged in the insurance business.
Lentz was a member of the Board of Governors of the Loyal Order of Moose.
Death
He died in Columbus, Ohio, on July 27, 1931.
He was interred in Green Lawn Cemetery.
See also
American Insurance Union Citadel
References
Sources
1856 births
1931 deaths
Columbia Law School alumni
People from St. Clairsville, Ohio
Politicians from Columbus, Ohio
University of Michigan alumni
College of Wooster alumni
National Normal University alumni
Ohio University trustees
Burials at Green Lawn Cemetery (Columbus, Ohio)
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Marijana Rajčić (born 15 March 1989) is an Australian rules football player with the Adelaide Football Club in the AFL Women's (AFLW).
Soccer career
Prior to taking up Australian rules football, Rajcic had had previously played soccer with Adelaide United in the Australian W-League. Prior to that she had played fully professionally for Gustafs GoIF in the Elitettan for the 2012 season, and played for Box Hill United in the Victorian Women's Premier League when she returned to soccer after knee surgery. She considers captaining Adelaide United in 2015 the best achievement in her soccer career.
AFL Women's
Rajčić was drafted by Adelaide Football Club with their fourth selection and 32nd overall in the 2017 AFL Women's draft after just one season with Norwood Football Club in the South Australian National Football League's Statewide Super Women's League. She previously took up the sport on the advice of a friend and in doing so followed the example of fellow dual-code players Brianna Davey, Ellie Brush and Jenna McCormick. Rajcic made her league debut in round 3 of the 2018 season in a seven-point win over the at Norwood Oval.
Personal life
In 2020, Rajčić competed on The Amazing Race Australia 5 with Chelsea Randall as a "stowaway team". In post-show interviews, the two revealed that they had started dating before filming began. She is of Croatian descendant.
References
External links
Australian women's soccer players
Living people
Adelaide United FC (A-League Women) players
A-League Women players
1989 births
Women's association football forwards
Adelaide Football Club (AFLW) players
Australian rules footballers from South Australia
The Amazing Race contestants
Lesbian sportswomen
LGBT sportspeople from Australia
LGBT players of Australian rules football
Joseph Edward Baird (November 12, 1865 – June 14, 1942) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio for one term from 1929 to 1931.
Life and career
Born at Perrysburg, Ohio, Baird attended the public schools.
He graduated from the Perrysburg High School in 1885 and from the law department of the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor in 1893.
He was admitted to the bar in 1893 but did not practice.
He moved to Bowling Green, Ohio, in 1894 and served as county clerk of Wood County 1894-1900.
He engaged as a dealer in oil and farm lands from 1900 to 1921.
He served as mayor of Bowling Green 1902-1905, and as postmaster 1910-1914.
Secretary of the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio 1921-1923.
He served as assistant secretary of state 1923-1929.
Baird was elected as a Republican to the Seventy-first Congress (March 4, 1929 – March 4, 1931).
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1930 to the Seventy-second Congress.
He retired from active business pursuits and political activities.
Death
He died in Bowling Green, Ohio, June 14, 1942.
He was interred in Oak Grove Cemetery.
References
Sources
1865 births
1942 deaths
People from Bowling Green, Ohio
University of Michigan Law School alumni
Mayors of places in Ohio
People from Perrysburg, Ohio
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Alternative Party may refer to:
Alternative Party (demo party), a demo art party
Alternative Party (Armenia), a political party
Alternative Party (Turkey), a political party
See also
Solve is Dream's eighth single. The single reached #17 on the weekly Oricon charts and charted for three weeks. The title track was the May 2001 ending theme for Nihon TV show Pinpapa and the image song for the Japanese release of Little Nicky.
Track list
"Solve" (Original mix)
"Solve" (Beatwave Anthem Mix)
"Solve" (Dub's Floor Mix Pop Tune 002)
"Solve" (Conmo remix 4.17)
"Solve" (Instrumental)
Credits
Mai Matsumuro (Lyrics)
Kawamoto Morifumi (Music)
Izumi "D・M・X" Miyazaki (Arrangement)
External links
Oricon.co.jp
Dream (Japanese group) songs
2001 songs
Songs written by Mai Matsumuro
Myrotvorets or Mirotvorets ( ), is a Ukrainian Kyiv-based open-source investigation website and NGO that publishes a running list, and sometimes personal information, of people who are considered by authors of the organization to be "enemies of Ukraine", or, as the website itself states, "whose actions have signs of crimes against the national security of Ukraine, peace, human security, and the international law". The website was launched in December 2014 by Ukrainian politician and activist Georgy Tuka. The site has remained open despite repeated requests from the UN, G7 ambassadors, the EU and human rights groups to close it down, and although it has no official status, it acts to supplement government databases at checkpoints. In 2018, German Foreign Ministry asked the Ukrainian government to delete the website.
Overview
The site reflects the work of NGO "Myrotvorets centre", led by a person only known with the alias "Roman Zaitsev", former employee of Luhansk Security Service of Ukraine office. The website is allegedly curated by the government law-enforcement and intelligence agency Security Service of Ukraine (SBU) and was promoted by Advisor to the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Ukraine Anton Gerashchenko. The identity of the staff is secret, and a hidden panel sifts through information, often collated from Open-source intelligence, as well as information provided by individuals on a confidential basis.
According to George Tuka, the site has led to the arrest of 1,000 people, since the site's launch, which he claimed included many collaborators and people working for the Federal Security Service that would otherwise not be in any government databases.
The slogan of the centre's website and the centre itself is a Latin saying: Pro bono publico (for the public good). Myrotvorets Centre began to develop the project in summer 2014, during the War in Donbas after a chance meeting between Tuka and "Roman Zaitsev". The project was launched in December 2014 as part of the work of the volunteer group known as "Narodny Tyl".
On 7 May 2016, the website published the personal data of 4,508 journalists and other media members from all over the world who had worked (or had received accreditation to work) on the war in the uncontrolled government territory of Donbas, and therefore were considered by the site to have cooperated with terrorists. There were phone numbers, email addresses, and some countries and cities of residence of Ukrainian and foreign journalists received from the hacked database of Donetsk People's Republic Ministry of State Security; journalists and support staff provided these data to be accredited by the unrecognized Donetsk People's Republic. In response, the Security Service of Ukraine issued a statement that it found no violations of Ukrainian law by Myrotvorets. According to Yulia Gorbunova, senior researcher for Human Rights Watch, the implications this list has for press freedoms is serious, adding that the existence of the list puts lives in danger. The then President of Ukraine, Petro Poroshenko called the leak a "big mistake".
Activity
The "Myrotvorets" leader states that the centre's objective is to provide information and advice to the executive authorities, to finally bring peace and harmony in Ukraine. In its work the centre pays special attention to expressions of "separatist and terrorist activities" on the territory of Ukraine.
"Myrotvorets" is also recognised by the courts of Ukraine when making decisions. The data of the collected on the website it is used in court decisions at all stages - from the beginning of the pre-trial investigation to the conviction of the person. In numerous rulings, judges also accept information from the "Myrotvorets" as material evidence. The use of the website applies not only to criminal cases, but also to civil legal relations and factfinding acts. As of 2019, data from the site was used in over 100 cases.
Myrotvorets has often blacklisted people over Crimean related issues, which usually means they cannot cross into Ukraine due to the site's usage in border entry checks. Gerhard Schröder was added after he said the Crimean annexation "a reality that must one day be recognised". Roger Waters was added when he said Russia has more rights to Crimea than Ukraine. Silvio Berlusconi, Roy Jones Jr, and a number of Russian pop music stars were all added for visiting Crimea, which Ukraine calls an illegal border crossing.
In October 2015, the centre added a special section titled "Putin's crimes in Syria and the Middle East" dedicated to providing personal data of Russian military personnel involved in the operation in Syria, according to Russian media "to help ISIS take revenge" on the Russian pilots "in accordance with Sharia law". Myrotvorets' actions caused extremely strong reactions from the Russian presidential administration and among Russian experts in military affairs and special operations. As stated in the website InformNapalm, an important element of the operation was to compare the numbers of Su-24 from the Russian airbase "Shagol" and the same type of aircraft, overturned in Syria. A few days after the operation began, Russian TV started to hide the numbers of military aircraft based in Syria for their video shoots. After the information was published, the Investigative Committee of Russia launched criminal proceedings against Anton Gerashchenko for "public calls to terrorism."
In February 2016, members of the centre took part in the operation of mobile groups against illegal transport of cargo through the line of armed conflict in the War in Donbas.
Myrotvorets Centre repeatedly provided information on the participation of foreign nationals in the armed conflict, on the side of pro-Russian separatists. In early March 2016, due to the materials published by the centre, law enforcement authorities in Bulgaria initiated criminal proceedings against George Bliznakov, a Bulgarian citizen. Similar materials are being considered regarding other Bulgarian citizens.
After the site published the data of various journalists, Valeriya Lutkovska, Ukrainian lawyer and Ombudswoman of Ukraine since April 2012, demanded both the website and the Centre be shut down.
On 24 May 2016, Committee to Protect Journalists wrote an open letter to then Ukrainian President Poroshenko urging him to "condemn the unfounded and damaging allegations published on Myrotvorets, and to clarify publicly that the Ukrainian Interior Ministry is dedicated to protecting journalists and apprehending the people responsible for threatening them, in contrast to Interior Minister Avakov's previous statements".
On 2 June 2016, G7 ambassadors to Kyiv released a joint statement expressing deep concern about disclosures of journalists' personal data on the Myrotvorets website and called on the Myrotvorets team to withdraw personal data from public access.
Following the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, the site started the "SeaKrime" initiative to track grain stolen from Ukraine and resold primarily through the port of Sevastopol. This initiative was able to track 200,000 tons of stolen wheat from the Russian-occupied territories over the period of March and April 2022. Based on the SeaKrime data, investigations by France Info and Le Monde were able to track some of the stolen grain to Syria after a ship was turned away from Egypt.
People included to the list
According to the head of the centre, 4.5 thousand people were in the file cabinet in October 2014; 16 December 2015 – 7.5 thousand; January 2015 – 9000; 13 April 2015 – 30 thousand. In October 2015 – 45 thousand people; by 21 March 2016 – 57,775 people; by 27 January 2017 - more than 102 thousand, on the 23rd of August 2019 - 187 thousand. The most complete database contains residents of the Crimea. In 2015, British journalist Graham Phillips was added to Myrotvorets, .
In April 2015, Myrotvorets published the home addresses of Ukrainian writer Oles Buzina and former Verkhovna Rada parliamentarian Oleg Kalashnikov, just days before they were assassinated.
On 12 September 2017 Myrotvorets added Yulia Tymoshenko (former Prime Minister of Ukraine and leader of the opposition party Batkivshchyna) to its database for “the illegal crossing of Ukraine's state border. An assault within a group of persons on border guards fulfilling their duties to protect the state border of Ukraine. Participation in preparations for the illegal crossing of Ukraine's border by a person without Ukrainian citizenship. Manipulation of socially important information”. On 15 April 2018, Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's name was added to the website.
In September 2018, Myrotvorets wrote on Facebook that their database included residents of Zakarpattia Oblast who had illegally taken out Hungarian citizenship. After two weeks of work in Zakarpattia Oblast, the database held more than 300 names of Ukrainian officials and local councillors from the oblast who had Hungarian passports. On 11 October 2018, Hungarian Foreign Minister Péter Szijjártó said: "It is a lie that the Ukrainian state has nothing to do with the website that is listing suspected dual Ukrainian-Hungarian nationals", and claimed that President Petro Poroshenko "gave his consent to the hate campaign in an attempt to increase his popularity".
In November 2018 Myrotvorets added former German Chancellor Gerhard Schröder to its list of "Enemies of the State" after Schröder defended the 2014 annexation of Crimea by the Russian Federation. A spokeswoman of the German Federal Foreign Office protested against this and asked the Ukrainian government to delete the website.
The website published a list of Russian workers involved in the construction of the Kerch bridge. The bridge is a Russian project to connect the Crimean Peninsula to Russia.
Following the beginning of the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, Myrotvorets added the names of Viktor Orbán (Prime Minister of Hungary) and Zoran Milanović (President of Croatia) in his list of "Enemies of Ukraine". Both had expressed pro-Russian views following the start of the invasion. On 27 May 2022, Myrotvorets added the former US State Secretary Henry Kissinger after Kissinger, 99 at the time, speaking at the World Economic Forum in Davos, suggested that fully antagonizing Russia threatens stability in Europe. The site accused Kissinger of spreading "Russian-fascist propaganda" and acting as an "accomplice to the crimes of Russian authorities against Ukraine and its citizens."
See also
Proscription
Enemy of the people
Redwatch
Doxing
References
External links
Myrotvorets
Ukrainian websites
Internet properties established in 2014
2014 establishments in Ukraine
War in Donbas
Internet vigilantism
Internet-based activism
Annexation of Crimea by the Russian Federation
Human rights abuses in Ukraine
Russian–Ukrainian cyberwarfare
Non-profit organizations based in Ukraine
Stuart Lake Marine Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada.
External links
Provincial parks of British Columbia
Regional District of Bulkley-Nechako
Protected areas established in 2001
2001 establishments in British Columbia
Marine parks of Canada
is a Japanese–born American engineer and businessman. He established Funimation, a company that distributes anime in Canada and the United States. He served as its president and chairman until 2019, where he stepped down. As of October 2011, Fukunaga was named chairman of online video game publisher GameSamba.
Biography
Fukunaga was born in Itami, Hyōgo, Japan, and grew up in West Lafayette, Indiana in the United States. He graduated from West Lafayette High School in 1979.
Fukunaga attended Purdue University where he got his BSEE in 1982 and his MSEE in 1984. He later moved to Boca Raton, Florida to work as an engineer for IBM. He then attended Columbia Business School, obtaining an MBA in 1989. He held a position with Andersen Consulting (now Accenture) before getting a job with Tandem Computers in Sunnyvale, California.
Fukunaga is also the co-founder and manager of EchoLight Studios, a Texas-based Christian television production company run by Rick Santorum. EchoLight initially shared office space with Fukunaga's Funimation.
Originally, Toei Animation told Funimation that they could not have the Dragon Ball series. However, Fukunaga's uncle, Nagafumi Hori, was one of the producers for Toei Company and helped him convince Toei Animation to give the license to Funimation. So Fukunaga went to a coworker named Daniel Cocanougher, whose family owned a feed mill in Decatur, Texas, and convinced the Cocanougher family to sell their business and invest in creating a production company. With that, FUNimation Productions was established in 1994.
In 2005, Funimation was acquired by the Navarre Corporation for US$100.4 million, Fukunaga still remained the company's CEO. In 2011, the company was sold to a group of investors which included Fukunaga himself. In 2017, 95% of Funimation was sold to Sony Pictures Television Networks for US$143 million, with Fukunaga retaining a 5% stake.
In 2019, Fukanaga stepped down as general manager of Funimation.
Personal life
Fukunaga is married to Cindy Brennan, who also was a co-founder and former executive producer at Funimation. They have three children. He has one sister, Nina Fukunaga Johnson, who is a radiation oncologist in Michigan.
References
External links
Gen Fukunaga biography writeup at Purdue University Alumni
Gen Fukunaga at LinkedIn
1962 births
20th-century American businesspeople
American businesspeople in the online media industry
American people of Japanese descent
American mass media company founders
American software engineers
American television executives
Anime industry
Businesspeople from Texas
Businesspeople from Indiana
Columbia Business School alumni
Engineers from Texas
Engineers from Indiana
Funimation
IBM employees
People from Itami, Hyōgo
Japanese emigrants to the United States
Living people
People from Roanoke, Texas
People from West Lafayette, Indiana
Purdue University College of Engineering alumni
Punxsutawney Municipal Airport is a small regional non-towered airport located 3 miles North-East of Punxsutawney, Pennsylvania.
The airport has never had schedule airliner traffic throughout its history. It is designated by the Federal Aviation Administration as a low traffic regional non commercial airport. In 2014 the airport had a little over 11,000 aircraft operations. It is not unusual to see few or no aircraft arrivals or departures from the airport over the course of a day.
As designated by the FAA in 2015 the airport had 10 based aircraft, all fixed wing single engine airplanes. That same year the aircraft chart had 77% local general aviation, 19% transient general aviation and 4% military.
The airport was opened on October 4, 1929 at the time it was a single grass landing strip. Approximately 1,000 locals were in attendance when the airport was dedicated. In the late 70s or early 80s runway 6/24 was built the only asphalt runway at the airport.
See also
List of airports in Pennsylvania
References
Airports in Pennsylvania
Transportation buildings and structures in Jefferson County, Pennsylvania
The brown-rumped tapaculo (Scytalopus latebricola) is a species of bird in the family Rhinocryptidae. It is endemic to Colombia.
Taxonomy and systematics
The brown-rumped tapaculo is monospecific. However, the Merida tapaculo (Scytalopus meridanus), Caracas tapaculo (S. caracae), and Spillmann's tapaculo (S. spillmanni) were all previously considered subspecies of it.
Description
The brown-rumped tapaculo is long. The adult's upper parts are dark brownish gray and the rump is tawny brown. Its throat, breast, and belly are the same hue as the upper parts but paler. The flanks and lower belly are bright reddish chestnut, sometimes with blackish bars. The juvenile is brown with a barred appearance.
Distribution and habitat
The brown-rumped tapaculo is found between in
the isolated Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta of northern Colombia. It inhabits the dense undergrowth of humid montane forest and secondary forest.
Behavior
Feeding
The brown-rumped tapaculo is primarily terrestrial but will climb vine-covered tree trunks. Its diet has not been documented but is presumed to be arthropods.
Breeding
What little is known about the brown-rumped tapaculo's breeding phenology is contradictory. Adults with very worn plumage were collected in July, which suggests they had bred in June. However, immatures have been collected in March while molting into adult plumage.
Status
The IUCN has assessed the brown-rumped tapaculo as Near Threatened; previously it had been rated The Least Concern. Though its population is believed to be stable, it has a restricted and fragmented range.
References
brown-rumped tapaculo
Birds of the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta
Endemic birds of Colombia
brown-rumped tapaculo
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Jameh Karan (, also Romanized as Jāmeh Kārān, Jom‘eh Kārān, and Chūmeh Kārān) is a village in Tarand Rural District, Jalilabad District, Pishva County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 102, in 25 families.
References
Populated places in Pishva County
is a railway station on the Himi Line in Takaoka, Toyama Prefecture, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).
Lines
Nōmachi Station is served by the Himi Line, and is located 4.1 kilometers from the opposing end of the line at . The station also has a freight terminal for the Japan Freight Railway Company's Shinminato Line.
Station layout
The station has a single island platform, serving two tracks, connected by a level crossing. The station is unattended.
Platforms
Adjacent stations
History
The station opened on 29 December 1900. With the privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987, the station came under the control of JR West.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2015, the station was used by an average of 201 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
Surrounding area
Nōmachi Post Office
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Railway stations in Toyama Prefecture
Stations of West Japan Railway Company
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1900
Himi Line
Stations of Japan Freight Railway Company
Takaoka, Toyama
The plumbeous seedeater (Sporophila plumbea) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.
It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, French Guiana, Guyana, Paraguay, Peru, Suriname, and Venezuela.
Its natural habitats are dry savanna and subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland.
References
plumbeous seedeater
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Venezuela
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of Bolivia
Birds of Brazil
plumbeous seedeater
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Richard Tenison (1684-1725) was an Irish M.P.
A younger son of Richard Tenison of Carrickfergus, Bishop of Meath and his wife Anne, and a brother of Henry Tenison, he represented Dunleer from 1715 to 1721. His cousin Thomas Tenison, Archbishop of Canterbury, left him a legacy at his death in 1714.
By his wife Margaret he had a son William (died 1728) and two daughters. William briefly replaced his father as MP for Dunleer, but died in his early twnenties, leaving issue. After Richard's death Margaret, who had been left a wealthy widow, married the well-known cleric Patrick Delany. She died in 1741.
References
18th-century Irish people
People from Carrickfergus
Irish MPs 1715–1727
Members of the Parliament of Ireland (pre-1801) for County Louth constituencies
1684 births
1725 deaths
Belvedere 21, formerly 21er Haus or Einundzwanziger Haus (), is a modernist style steel and glass building designed by Austrian architect Karl Schwanzer (1918–1975). Originally constructed as the Austrian pavilion or temporary showroom for the Expo 58 in Brussels, it was later transferred to Vienna to house the Museum of the 20th Century, which explains why it was first nicknamed "20er Haus" (House 20). Between 1979 and 2001, the building also acted as a depository for contemporary art works. From 2009 to 2011, it was remodeled by the architect Adolf Krischanitz and consequently renamed 21er Haus to reflect the 21st century. It was renamed Belvedere 21 in 2018.
History
Pavilion at the Expo in Brussels
Karl Schwanzer designed the building in 1954 for the Austrian government's design competition for the national pavilion at the 1958 World's fair in Brussels. In 1955 he was awarded the first prize of the jury, which included Josef Hoffmann. Schwanzer explained that maximum effects had to be achieved with minimum effort as the Austrian budget was tighter than those of most other countries participating at Expo 58. The starting point was to put man at the centre of cultural and intellectual progress, in line with the event's motto: "Striking a balance for a human world". The building was designed as a lightweight structure, its upper 40 by 40 metre floor, six meters above the ground, resting entirely on four buttresses creating a floating effect. Schwanzer was awarded the Grand Prix d'Architecture for his visionary design. Fritz Wotruba created the monumental figural relief which was installed in front of the pavilion, for which he received the award for the Expo's best artwork.
Schwanzer's ground-breaking minimalistic design is widely regarded as a masterpiece of modern architecture, created more than ten years before Ludwig Mies van der Rohe presented his iconic version of flexible interior space and transparent walls in the form of the Neue Nationalgalerie in Berlin. On 30 January 1958, the daily newspaper Die Presse described the exhibition hall as "a virtually ideal foundation for a Museum of Modern Art".
Museum of the 20th century
After the fair, the pavilion was transferred to Vienna to house the Museum of the 20th Century (M20). Hence, the building was widely referred to as "20er Haus" (House 20). Karl Schwanzer adapted the steel skeleton construction to the museum's purposes: the ground floor was glazed, the courtyard was covered with a roof, all façades were substantially modified, and the whole structure was reinstalled in the Schweizer Garten between Arsenal and the former Südbahnhof. The new museum was opened on 20 September 1962. It immediately became a hot spot of the Viennese art world.
One of the comments about the institution and its first exhibition, Art from 1900 to the Present, said that the museum represented such a break with the Viennese museum tradition "that one automatically felt as if on foreign territory when first entering the museum". The art historian Werner Hofmann wrote on the occasion of its opening: "This new building bears the signature of our age, and its spatial layout does justice to the fact that the art of this century displays a powerful and frequently aggressive self-confidence that calls for vastness and openness."
Modern art depository
Between 1979 and 2001 the building acted as a depository for contemporary art works, which were then moved to the newly established Museum of Modern Art at Museumsquartier in late 2001. The 20er Haus was finally incorporated into the Austrian Gallery Belvedere in the early summer of 2002. However, the Belvedere museum lacked the financial funds for the necessary restructuring. As a result, the building, which is a protected cultural heritage site stood empty for years.
Renovation and reopening
On 13 June 2008, renovation work started under the supervision of Adolf Krischanitz, a former student of Karl Schwanzer at Vienna University of Technology. At a cost of 31.9 million euros, the carrying capacity of the steel structure was adapted to the requirements of the building code. The ceilings were cleaned of asbestos and the original glass roof was made shatterproof. The large window profiles were replaced with energy-saving double glazing. The work also entailed providing additional space by re-erecting the 75 meter long original porch from the 1960s and by lowering the area in front of the structure, transforming it into an atrium crossed by an access bridge. A six-storey office tower on the former parking lot was added with lettering describing the building's purpose. On 20 September 2011 Federal Minister Claudia Schmied attended the celebration of the completion of the building, following the awarding of the BC21 Art Award for young, innovative artists.
On 15 November 2011, the building was reopened after Krischanitz fitted it out as a museum with well organized exhibition spaces and a cinema. The overall effect is an open museum structure with a total of 2,275 m2 (24,500 square feet) exhibition space on the ground and upper floors. The exhibition space in the basement houses the permanent exhibits from the Wotruba Foundation (with some 500 works in stone, bronze, and plaster, 2,500 drawings, 1,500 prints, and 14 oil paintings) as well as a restaurant and an art studio for children. The shop of the Museum, the "Salon für Kunstbuch" (Salon for artistbooks) is an installation by the Austrian Artist Bernhard Chella that the 21er Haus bought in 2011. The Austrian Artothèque, which allows civil servants and publicly owned corporations to take out up to four artworks on loan for up to one year, will be located in the second basement and is open to the general public since September 2012. The new cinema with the original seating and paneling from Expo 58 opened in March 2012.
The museum is a branch of the Belvedere, focusing on "Austrian art of the twentieth and twenty-first centuries and its embedding in an international context". The opening exhibition under the title: "Schöne Aussichten" () presented artworks from Lucio Fontana, Andrea Fraser, Marcus Geiger, Florian Thorsen, Lois Weinberger, Franz West und Heimo Zobernig. There will be three large exhibitions per year open five days a week.
References
External links
Art museums and galleries in Vienna
Modern art museums
Cultural infrastructure completed in 1958
Museums established in 1962
Museums in Vienna
USS Spitfire was a row galley authorized and constructed by Rhode Island during the American Revolution, and was placed in service in 1776 in the Rhode Island Navy. During this age of sail, row galleys were highly maneuverable compared to sailing ships whose movements were dependent on the wind. Spitfire had a reportedly successful career, helping to capture British cargo ships and engaging in the fight against British warships.
Ordered by Rhode Island
Late in 1775, the General Assembly of Rhode Island ordered the construction of two galleys, Washington and Spitfire. In January 1776, the General Assembly appointed John Grimes Commodore of the galleys and, presumably soon thereafter, they were placed in service in Narragansett Bay.
Capturing British cargo ships
They cruised in defense of American shipping, acted as transports, and assisted landing parties seeking forage and supplies. On 11 April 1776, they recaptured the brigantine Georgia Packet and sloop Speedwell which HMS Scarborough had captured and brought into the bay, braving the fire of Scarboroughs guns as they took the prizes from under her stern.
In July 1776, the galleys were ordered to New York City to help protect the Hudson River, and they reached New York harbor on 1 August. There they cooperated with a flotilla created by George Washington.
Attacking British warships
On the afternoon of 3 August, Spitfire joined Lady Washington and Washington in an attack on HMS Phoenix and HMS Rose and engaged the British warships for over two hours before retiring. One man on Spitfire was killed and two were badly wounded. Her hull and rigging sustained much damage.
The two galleys returned to Providence, Rhode Island, late in the month. In mid-September, libels were filed in court on
Little is known about the curious action which resulted in this litigation in Admiralty court-not even when it occurred.
Swashbuckling
The quotation above does suggest that Spitfire, on at least one more occasion, continued her swashbuckling. Few records have survived to fill out the galley's subsequent career. She was apparently sent to New London, Connecticut, early in October 1776 "to strengthen the naval force as much as possible."
On 6 April, 1778 her boats burned a stripped sloop that was under the protection of a fort at Bristol Ferry, Rhode Island.
Capture by British
By 7 May 1778, Spitfire was in Lees River near Mount Hope, under the command of Capt. Joseph Crandall of the Rhode Island Navy, with the log stating:
May 1778 Thursday 7th Remarks at, Lees River 1778 " ... at the Mount , bound for Diton , pass from Col Carary Brought Two Charles Church, in a small Ceader Boat, his pass sign by Joseph Durfee.Cap at Fall River.
On the morning of 25 May 1778, Spitfire was anchored near the entrance to the Taunton River or at Fall River. During the Mount Hope Bay raids by the British on that day, a group of British vessels under the command of Captain Samuel Reeve proceeded from Aquidneck Island to Mount Hope Bay via Bristol Ferry. Lieutenant Kempthorn then led a group of six boats from , to seize control of Spitfire by surprise. The crew of 13 to 16 men, including the captain, did not resist and were taken as prisoners.
The captured Spitfire galley may have been used (under the same name) by the British in the subsequent Battle of Rhode Island (H. M. Galley Spitfire participated in the Raid that captured USS Spitfire).
References and notes
Ships of the Continental Navy
Row galleys of the Continental Navy
Ships built in Providence, Rhode Island
1776 ships
Vessels captured from the United States Navy
Jan Petersen (born 1946) is a Norwegian politician.
Jan Petersen may also refer to:
Jan Petersen (historian) (1887–1967), Norwegian archaeologist
Jan Petersen (cyclist) (born 1970), Danish Olympic cyclist
See also
Jann Petersen (born 1984), Faroese football
Jan Peterson (born 1937), Canadian writer
Jan Pedersen (born 1962), Speedway rider
Jan Peters (disambiguation)
Solea is a genus of soles from the Indo-Pacific and East Atlantic Oceans, and the Mediterranean Sea.
Species
The currently recognized species in this genus are:
Solea aegyptiaca Chabanaud, 1927 (Egyptian sole)
Solea capensis Gilchrist, 1902
Solea elongata F. Day, 1877 (elongated sole)
Solea heinii Steindachner, 1903
Solea ovata J. Richardson, 1846 (ovate sole)
Solea senegalensis Kaup, 1858 (Senegalese sole)
Solea solea (Linnaeus, 1758) (common sole)
Solea stanalandi J. E. Randall & McCarthy, 1989 (Stanaland's sole)
Solea turbynei Gilchrist, 1904
References
Soleidae
Marine fish genera
Taxa named by Conrad Quensel
Edwin Darlington Ricketts (August 3, 1867 – July 3, 1937) was an American lawyer and politician who served as a U.S. Representative from Ohio for three terms in the early 20th century.
Biography
Born near Maxville, Ohio, Ricketts attended the public schools.
For twelve years, he was a teacher and superintendent of schools.
He then studied law and was admitted to the bar in 1899 and commenced practice in Logan, Ohio.
Congress
Ricketts was elected as a Republican to the Sixty-fourth Congress (March 4, 1915 – March 3, 1917).
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1916 to the Sixty-fifth Congress.
Ricketts was elected to the Sixty-sixth and Sixty-seventh Congresses (March 4, 1919 – March 3, 1923).
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1922 to the Sixty-eighth Congress.
Later career and death
He then resumed the practice of law and served as delegate to the Republican National Convention in 1928.
Ricketts died in Logan, Ohio, on July 3, 1937, and was interred in Oak Grove Cemetery.
Sources
1867 births
1937 deaths
People from Logan, Ohio
Ohio lawyers
People from Perry County, Ohio
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Francisco Fattoruso (born August 10, 1979 in Las Vegas, Nevada) is a Uruguayan musician and bass player.
He is the son of Hugo Fattoruso and María de Fátima Quinhões, both of them musicians.
He has played with several artists such as: Rubén Rada, Illya Kuryaki and the Valderramas, Abuela Coca, Pepe Guerra, Silicon Fly, Warren Riker, Dante, Enmanuel Horvilleur, Deitrick Hadden, Liliana Herrero, Milton Nascimento, Elefante, NN Opera, La Trampa, Molotov, Oteil Burbridge, Derek Trucks, Blueground Undergrass, Gary Buho Gazaway, David Haynes, Yonrico Scott, Silk, Philipia, Malachi, Lazyeye, Reggie Hines, Ike Stubblefield, Charly García, Right On, Tim McDonald, Elizabeth Baptist Church, Tabernacle Baptist Church, The Soul Factory, Voices Of Faith, Claudio Taddei, Hugo Fattoruso, Anita no Duerme, Jorge Drexler, Daniel Drexler.
Discography
Trío Fattoruso (2001)
Cleptodonte
Trío Fattoruso En vivo en Medio y Medio (2005)
Bacteria
Francisco Fattoruso
The House of the Groove (2007)
Music Adventure (2013)
Khronos (2016
References
External links
"Trio Fattoruso"
1979 births
Living people
People from the Las Vegas Valley
21st-century Uruguayan male singers
Uruguayan bass guitarists
Male bass guitarists
Jazz fusion bass guitarists
Uruguayan composers
Male composers
Uruguayan jazz musicians
21st-century bass guitarists
Male jazz musicians
Uruguayan male guitarists
In biology, a septum (Latin for something that encloses; plural septa) is a wall, dividing a cavity or structure into smaller ones. A cavity or structure divided in this way may be referred to as septate.
Examples
Human anatomy
Interatrial septum, the wall of tissue that is a sectional part of the left and right atria of the heart
Interventricular septum, the wall separating the left and right ventricles of the heart
Lingual septum, a vertical layer of fibrous tissue that separates the halves of the tongue.
Nasal septum: the cartilage wall separating the nostrils of the nose
Alveolar septum: the thin wall which separates the alveoli from each other in the lungs
Orbital septum, a palpebral ligament in the upper and lower eyelids
Septum pellucidum or septum lucidum, a thin structure separating two fluid pockets in the brain
Uterine septum, a malformation of the uterus
Vaginal septum, a lateral or transverse partition inside the vagina
Intermuscular septa separating the muscles of the arms and legs
Histological septa are seen throughout most tissues of the body, particularly where they are needed to stiffen soft cellular tissue, and they also provide planes of ingress for small blood vessels. Because the dense collagen fibres of a septum usually extend out into the softer adjacent tissues, microscopic fibrous septa are less clearly defined than the macroscopic types of septa listed above. In rare instances, a septum is a cross-wall. Thus it divides a structure into smaller parts.
Cell biology
The septum (cell biology) is the boundary formed between dividing cells in the course of cell division.
Fungus
A partition dividing filamentous hyphae into discrete cells in fungi.
Botany
A partition that separates the locules of a fruit, anther, or sporangium.
Zoology
A coral septum is one of the radial calcareous plates in the corallites of a coral.
Annelids have septa that divide their coelom into segmented chambers.
Many shelled organisms have septa subdividing their shell chamber, including rhizopods, cephalopods and gastropods, the latter seemingly serving as a defence against shell-boring predators.
Laboratory technology
A rubber septum is an engineered membrane that permits transfer of a substance (usually liquid or gas) without contact with air, usually using a syringe with needle.
References
Anatomy
The Sierra de Chinajá is a low karstic mountain range in Guatemala. It is situated in the north of the department of Alta Verapaz and covers an area of approximately . Its highest peak has an altitude of .
The mountain range is isolated from other ranges and forms the last major topographic landform between the highlands of the Sierra de Chamá and the lowland plains of Petén.
See also
Geography of Guatemala
References
External links
José Monzón Sierra - Guatemala's Geography
Chinaja
Saint Ignatius of Loyola and Stanislaus Kostka church in Kremenets is a church in Kremenets, Ukraine.
Formerly a Jesuit Roman Catholic church, designed by Paweł Giżycki and build around 1731–1745, it was converted into a parish church following the disbandment of Jesuits in the late 18th century, then into an orthodox church in mid-19th century, briefly restored to Catholics during the Second Polish Republic time, converted into a sports center during the Soviet Union time and following the fall of the Soviet Union, turned over to the Ukrainian Orthodox Church of the Kyivan Patriarchate as Church of the Transfiguration.
See also
List of Jesuit sites
Further reading
Betlej Andrzej, Kościół Jezuitów w Krzemieńcu. Uwagi na temat autorstwa i genezy architektury oraz relacji architekt-fundator, [in:] "Studia nad sztuką renesansu i baroku", t. 5, red. J. Lileyko, Lublin 2000, s. 193–216.
Muszyńska-Krasnowolska M., Kolegium pojezuickie w Krzemieñcu, [in:] Rocznik Wołyñski, 1939, t. 8, s. 67–139.
Kremenets
Churches in Ukraine
Churches of the Orthodox Church of Ukraine
18th-century churches in Ukraine
On 21 January 2017, in Uppsala, Sweden, a group of men gangs raped a nearly unconscious woman for several hours and livestreamed it on Facebook. One of the men admitted to the crime during the video itself. Witnesses also stated that later in another video they made, the woman denied she was raped.
The incident was stopped when viewers of the Facebook Live feed realised what was happening and phoned the police, who entered the apartment and interrupted the crime as it was still in progress.
The Local, an English language news website, reported that "the alleged crime took place in an apartment in the city of Uppsala early on Sunday morning. The victim was reportedly close to unconscious." The BBC reports that "Josefine Lundgren, 21, called the police when she saw the video. Speaking to Swedish tabloid Expressen, she said she saw one of the men tear the woman's clothes off and lie on top of her. She also said one of the men had a gun." The Expressen online newspaper went on to say that "Police are investigating a case of suspected sexual abuse against a woman who was filmed and sent out live on Facebook on Sunday morning."
Two Afghan immigrants, one 18 and one 20 years old, were arrested, and a 24-year-old Swedish citizen was held for failing to report the crime; under Swedish law, their identities could not be released at the time.
The younger Afghan was sentenced to a year in prison for rape and the other was sentenced for 28 months. The accused Swedish citizen was jailed for 6 months on charges of not reporting rape and gross defamation. The judge stated that even if the woman had agreed to sex as they claimed, she was in a vulnerable position and hence they would be held guilty of rape. They were also told to pay 330,000 kronor to the victim as compensation.
See also
We Are Sthlm sexual assaults
References
Gang rape in Europe
Facebook criticisms and controversies
2017 crimes in Sweden
January 2017 crimes in Europe
Rape in Sweden
Violence against women in Europe
Livestreamed crimes
2017 in Internet culture
Uppsala Municipality
January 2017 events in Europe
Glyphipterix cestrota is a species of sedge moth in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1915. It is found in Peru.
References
Moths described in 1915
Glyphipterigidae
Moths of South America
Riding Spirits (also known as RS: Riding Spirits) is a 2002 motorcycle racing video game published by Spike in Japan and BAM! Entertainment in other countries for the PlayStation 2. A sequel, titled Riding Spirits II, was released on February 26, 2004 in Japan and was published by Capcom Eurosoft on May 21, 2004 in Europe.
Gameplay
Inspired by Gran Turismo 3: A-Spec, Riding Spirits offers over 100 motorcycles and a number of different riding options. Building a perfect racing machine and unlocking the new ones is handled through racing and earning money to buy better equipment, which can make a difference in the performance. The game's career mode is called the Riding Spirits, and is split up into three classes that are progressively more difficult, for a total of 40 racing events. There is also a test run option that lets the player measure acceleration and overall top speed.
As a way to gain experience, there are Safety Riding tests that cover every aspect of motorcycle racing and 20 Circuits Riding situations that help scouting out specific, tricky maneuvers on certain tracks. The players are given a choice of a normal or widescreen display, as well as vertical or horizontal split screen for multiplayer. The structure of Riding Spirits is similar to other racing games, offering an Arcade mode with a selection of different categories and taking them around some of the game's tracks. Controlling the rider and the bike are completely configurable (making the game lean more into a simulation ), where the player can assign buttons for manually leaning left and right, and sitting up or down on the bike to increase or decrease as needed.
Reception
Riding Spirits received "mixed or average" reviews, according to review aggregator Metacritic.
References
PlayStation 2 games
2002 video games
PlayStation 2-only games
Video games developed in Japan
Motorcycle video games
Racing video games
Copyrights can either be licensed or assigned by the owner of the copyright. A copyright collective (also known as a copyright society, copyright collecting agency, licensing agency or copyright collecting society or collective management organization) is a non-governmental body created by copyright law or private agreement which licenses copyrighted works on behalf of the authors and engages in collective rights management. Copyright societies track all the events and venues where copyrighted works are used and ensure that the copyright holders listed with the society are remunerated for such usage. The copyright society publishes its own tariff scheme on its websites and collects a nominal administrative fee on every transaction.
Copyright societies evolved out of the need to have an organised body for licensing and managing copyrighted works. Without copyright societies, it would be impossible for users like restaurants, malls and large events to collect licenses from individual copyright holders and negotiate terms with them. Copyright societies negotiate prices and create tariffs on behalf of the authors that they represent and offset the imbalance of power between the users and the copyright holders. The lobbying power of copyright societies is especially important in industries like the music industry, where authors and owners of copyright are often placed at a disadvantage. The music streaming revolution was also projected as an attack on the power imbalance in the music industry. The evolution of technology and influence of music aggregators like Spotify, Apple Music and Pandora are changing the existing system of copyright licensing and might make copyright societies obsolete.
While the system of copyright societies is similar in all countries, their influence over the industry and mode of operation varies from country to country.
Functions
Copyright societies operate by acquiring the right to license works from the owners and then negotiating and licensing the works to others. They usually operate in one particular industry and try to acquire the works of all the authors dealing in that particular industry. The tariffs decided by copyright societies are based on the kind of event or venue of the licensee and usually allow the licensee to access the entire repertoire of works available with the copyright society. The royalty distributed to the owners is based on their market influence and demand for their works. Reduction of transaction costs and other benefits of collective management can be realised only when the copyright society has control over all or most of the copyrighted works in a particular industry.
In countries
Copyright law is territorial in nature, but copyrights are protected in multiple countries through international instruments such as the Berne Convention and the TRIPS Agreement. Along with licensing, copyright societies monitor the use of copyrighted works assigned to them and ensure that the copyright holders are fairly remunerated for such use. In order to monitor the use of copyrighted works abroad, societies enter into MoUs or international licensing agreements with their foreign counterparts in the industry and exchange information regarding the use of copyrighted materials.
Collecting societies can sell blanket licences, which grant the right to perform their catalogue for a period of time. Such a licence might for example provide a broadcaster with a single annual authorisation encompassing thousands of songs owned by thousands of composers, lyricists and publishers. The societies also sell individual licenses for users who reproduce and distribute music. For example, Apple must submit the download reports for the iTunes Store, which are used to determine their royalty payments.
This acquisition is guided by the legal regime of the country. Some jurisdictions, such as Hungary, create legal monopolies, and de facto monopolies arise in others. Once rights are acquired, the copyright collective then has to collect data of uses of copyrighted works. The processing of this data will enable the copyright collective to discharge its functions, including the detection of unauthorized use, negotiation of licenses, collection of remuneration and distribution of collected remuneration amongst the members of the copyright collective on the basis of collected data.
European Union
Copyright collecting societies in the European Union usually hold monopolies in their respective national markets. Some countries create a statutory monopoly, while others recognise effective monopolies through regulations.
Austria
In Austria the Society of Authors, Composers and Publishers (, AKM) has a statutory monopoly.
Germany
German law recognizes GEMA as an effective monopoly, and the burden of proof is on an accused infringer that a work is not managed by GEMA. GEMA has one of the most effective and lucrative music copyright administration systems.
Hungary
Hungary operates a legal monopoly.
India
Copyright Societies in India have to register themselves under section 33 of the Copyright Act of 1957. In order to do the business of issuing or granting license in respect of literary, dramatic, musical and artistic works incorporated in a cinematograph films or sound recordings it is necessary that the organization be registered as a copyright society under Section 33. The proviso to section 33 sub clause 3 states ‘Provided that the Central Government shall not ordinarily register more than one copyright society to do business in respect of the same class of works'. This effectively creates a monopoly and mandates that only one copyright society can exist in a particular industry. This ensures concentration of bargaining power and equal terms of royalty in an industry.
Copyright societies have to renew their registration under section 33 every five years and its registration can be cancelled at any time if the central government feels like it is being managed in a manner detrimental to the interests of the authors and other owners of the copyright. The major copyright societies in India are The Indian Performing Right Society Limited [IPRS] (for composers and publishers), Indian Reprographic Right Organisation [IRRO] (for literary organisations) and Indian Singers Rights Association [ISRA] (for performers). Phonographic Performance Limited [PPL] (for producers) was previously registered as a copyright society under S.33 of the Copyright Act but now mentions on its website that it licenses and transfers copyrights under S.18 and S.30 and functions as a company registered under the Companies Act 2013. PPL represents producers and record companies and is a major licensor of music to events and establishments. The ISRA and IPRS are registered copyright societies under S. 33 of the Copyright Act 1957. ISRA represents the interests of singers and aims to protect performer's rights as enshrined in S.38 and S.38A of the Copyrights Act 1957. IPRS represents composers, lyricists and publishers of music in India and is a registered copyright society under S.33 of the Copyright Act 1957.
The Screenwriters Association of India [SRAI] earlier known as Film Writers Association represents the interests of lyricists, screenwriters and novelists. It applied for becoming a copyright society in 2017 but is currently operating as a trade union representing its members. Recently an application for registration under S.33 was made by the Recorded Music Performance ltd which controls public performance and broadcasting rights of sound recordings of its member companies. RMPL has applied for registration as PPL is no longer operating as a copyright society under S.33 of the Copyrights Act 1957. The validity of PPL operating as a company has been debated and was considered by the 2014 case of Leopold cafe v. Novex Communication in which the Bombay High Court that s.30 of the Copyright Act 1957 allows a duly authorised agent to issue licenses on behalf of authors and other owners, therefore organisations can perform the activities of a copyright society without being registered under S.33 but it will not be referred to as a copyright society and cannot issue licenses in its own name. PPL now operates as a Copyrights Organisation [CRO] and can only issue licenses as an agent, therefore it must issue licenses in the name of the copyright owners and not itself.
United Kingdom
See Copyright Licensing Agency, Phonographic Performance Limited, and PRS for Music.
United States and Canada
In the U.S. and Canada, groups that provide intermediary functions between copyright holders and performers of works such as music are called performance rights organisations or PROs. Other organizations such as artists' rights groups license and collect royalties for the reproduction of works such as paintings by living or recently deceased artists whose work has not yet entered the public domain. There are also collectives that collect royalties for copies from magazines and scholarly journals such as Access Copyright in Canada.
In the US, PROs ensure that rights holders are paid their share of public performance royalties, by issuing licenses to different companies and establishments and tracking where and how often the songs of their affiliates are performed at these public venues. An author can only be part of one PRO, as the five existing PROs in the US have distinct systems for tariffs and payment of royalty as they compete with each other in the market. The five major PROs in the music industry in the US are ASCAP, SESAC, BMI,
AllTrack, and SoundExchange. In the US copyright collectives are registered companies that act as agents of the owners of the copyright. The websites of the PROs have their Memorandum of association and Articles of association and their tariff policies.
The validity of PROs was challenged in the 1979 anti-trust suit of Broadcast Music, Inc. v. CBS, Inc. in which CBS BMI and said that the tariffs decided by BMI were for blanket licenses and therefore amounted to price fixing. The court held in this case that the actions of PROs were not anti competitive as there was no bar on obtaining licenses from individual copyright holders.
Digitisation and internet based music streaming services have majorly changed the music industry and the US copyright law has changed majorly to accommodate such innovation. Music Modernization Act (MMA) was signed by President Donald Trump on 11 October 2018 as the Orrin G. Hatch-Bob Goodlatte Music Modernization Act of 2018. The MMA streamlines the music licensing process in order to make it easier for copyright holders to get paid when their music is streamed online through services like Spotify, Pandora and Apple Music. Songwriters and artists will receive royalties on songs recorded before 1972 and this will ensure that songwriters are paid by streaming services with a single mechanical licensing database overseen by music publishers and songwriters. The cost of creating and maintaining this database will be paid for by digital streaming services and the database and tariff will be determined by an authority created under the MMA. The mechanism provided under the act will determine unclaimed royalties due to music professionals and provide a consistent legal process to receive them. Previously, these unclaimed royalties were held by digital service providers like Spotify to the detriment of the authors. All of this will also ensure that artists are paid more and have a fair mechanism to approach for getting the money they are owed. This changes the scheme of S.115 of the US which governs compulsory licensing and allows the authority created under the act to issue blanket licenses for music to streaming services. While this does take away some agency of artists, there has been overwhelming support for this legislation from the music industry as it will ensure that licensing and royalty payments are transferred on a fair basis.
The American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers [ASCAP] has direct or indirect connections with copyright societies in over 30 countries. Once it receives information regarding unauthorised use of copyrighted works, the affiliated foreign copyright society collects the royalty on behalf of the copyright society representing the owner, and forwards payments to it.
See also
Copyright
List of copyright collection societies
Private copying levy
Voluntary Collective Licensing
Copyright collection societies (category)
collective rights management
References
Bibliography
Thomas Gergen: Die Verwertungsgesellschaft VG WORT: Genese und neue Herausforderungen In: Journal on European History of Law, London: STS Science Centre, Vol. 1, No. 2, pp. 14 – 19, (ISSN 2042-6402).
Juan Felipe Osorio Arboleda (born 30 January 1995 in La Unión, Antioquia) is a Colombian cyclist, who currently rides for UCI ProTeam . He was named in the startlist for the 2017 Vuelta a España.
Major results
2016
1st Stage 9 Clásico RCN
2017
1st Mountains classification Volta ao Algarve
2019
2nd Road race, National Road Championships
2020
Combativity award Stage 9 Vuelta a España
2022
10th Time trial, National Road Championships
Grand Tour general classification results timeline
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Colombian male cyclists
Sportspeople from Antioquia Department
Imma viola is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Pagenstecher in 1886. It is found on the Aru Islands.
The wingspan is about 17 mm. The forewings are brownish-black with a strong violet tinge and white fringes. The hindwings are black up to a white stripe in the center of the wing.
References
Moths described in 1886
Immidae
Moths of Indonesia
Wolfgang Treu (died 1540, Vienna) was the mayor of Vienna from 1528 to 1530, 1532 to 1533 and 1536 to 1537. The Siege of Vienna occurred during his first term in office.
People from Korneuburg District
Mayors of Vienna
1540 deaths
Year of birth missing
Kurt Trampedach (13 May 1943 – 12 November 2013) was a Danish painter and sculptor.
Biography
Trampedach was born at Hillerød. He studied at the Danish Academy of Fine Arts from 1963 to 1969. He had his artistic breakthrough by the end of the sixties. He has often made distorted self-portraits and portraits of his own wife. Portraits of horses, and of large- headed babies were other favorite motifs. His dark style was particularly inspired by Rembrandt van Rijn. Painting was a way for him to work with his own psyche, with frequent bouts of depression and mania. In 1983 Trampedach's studio in Copenhagen was set on fire destroying many paintings. In 1984 he received the Eckersberg Medal.
With his wife he moved to Sare in the French Pyrenees where he lived in a house built by himself, raising animals and painting.
In April 2002 his house and studio in France was burned down while he was in Denmark preparing an exhibition. And within a month his studio in Copenhagen was set on fire, destroying seven large paintings. Trampedach himself barely escaped the flames. Trampedach claimed that the fire in Copenhagen had been an attempt at his life by jealous colleagues. Some people claimed that he had started the fire himself, but in 2005 a French-Moroccan was sentenced for the crime in France, although the Copenhagen fires continue unresolved. After the fires he was struck by a severe depression and did not paint for the last years of his life.
Kurt Trampedach died at his home at Sare, Pyrénées-Atlantiques at the age of 70.
Museums
Trampedach's art is represented at the following Danish museums:
Statens Museum for Kunst
Vejle Kunstmuseum
Fyns Kunstmuseum
Nordjyllands Kunstmuseum
Kunstmuseet Trapholt, Kolding
Skive Kunstmuseum
Randers Kunstmuseum
ARoS Aarhus Kunstmuseum
References
External links
kurttrampedach.com
1943 births
2013 deaths
Contemporary painters
Danish sculptors
Danish male artists
Danish portrait painters
Recipients of the Eckersberg Medal
20th-century Danish people
20th-century Danish painters
20th-century sculptors
Male sculptors
20th-century Danish male artists
Boggle is a word puzzle video game based on the word game of the same name. It was published on September 30, 1997 by Hasbro Interactive, and developed by PCA, Inc. and Third-i Productions. The game was released for Windows 95.
Gameplay
In standard Boggle, the player is given a 4x4 grid of lettered dice, and the player must then find as many possible words in the grid of letters. In the video game, there are five different modes to play, Classic, BreakAway, Battle, Space, and In Your Face. Classic mode is the same as regular Boggle. In BreakAway, the player is given a 4x4x4 cube of letters and must find word combinations to remove letters. The game is finished once all cubes are broken away, or until no valid words are left. In Battle, two players must compete with each other. In Space, cubes are constantly rising towards the screen, and the player must click on letters to make a word. In In Your Face, 16 columns of letters are stacked, and the player must make words by using the visible letters in the columns.
Reception
Boggle received generally positive reception. IGN reviews give the game a 7.2, and GameSpot reviews give the game a 7.8.
References
Word games
1997 video games
Hasbro products
Video games developed in the United States
Windows games
Raja Farzan Khan (Punjabi, ) (born 12 May 1995) is a Pakistani cricketer. He made his List A debut for Lahore Whites in the 2018–19 Quaid-e-Azam One Day Cup on 22 September 2018. He made his Twenty20 debut for the Lahore Qalandars in the 2018 Abu Dhabi T20 Trophy on 4 October 2018. He was picked by the Lahore Qalandars for the 2020 Pakistan Super League. He was picked from their Player Development Program.
Note
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Pakistani cricketers
Lahore cricketers
Lahore Qalandars cricketers
Richard Tocchet (; born April 9, 1964) is a Canadian professional ice hockey coach and former player. Playing as a right winger, he played 18 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Philadelphia Flyers, Pittsburgh Penguins, Los Angeles Kings, Boston Bruins, Washington Capitals, and Phoenix Coyotes. He was the head coach of the NHL's Tampa Bay Lightning for two seasons and the Arizona Coyotes for four seasons. During the 2010 playoffs, he was an analyst on Flyers Postgame Live on Comcast SportsNet. He is now a studio analyst for NHL on TNT.
Playing career
As a youth, Tocchet played in the 1977 Quebec International Pee-Wee Hockey Tournament with a minor ice hockey team from Toronto.
After being drafted in the 6th round (121st overall) by the Philadelphia Flyers in the 1983 NHL Entry Draft, Tocchet returned to the OHL's Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds for another year of junior hockey. After registering 108 points with Sault Ste. Marie, Tocchet came to the Flyers for the 1984–85 season, scoring 39 points and helping the team to the Stanley Cup Finals. He was mainly known as a fighter in his early career, but soon developed his skills enough to become a respected power forward, a team leader and a four-time NHL All-Star. He had memorable fights with other power forwards such as Wendel Clark and Cam Neely.
In 1992, Tocchet was traded to the Pittsburgh Penguins, along with Kjell Samuelsson and Ken Wregget, in exchange for Mark Recchi. In 14 playoff games, he scored 19 points, helping the Penguins repeat as Stanley Cup champions.
Tocchet became a well-travelled veteran in the league after his stint with the Penguins, taking roles with the Los Angeles Kings, Boston Bruins, Washington Capitals, and Phoenix Coyotes. He was dealt along with Adam Oates and Bill Ranford from the Bruins to the Capitals for Anson Carter, Jason Allison, Jim Carey, a third-round selection in the 1997 draft (63th overall–Lee Goren) and a conditional second-round pick in the 1998 draft in a blockbuster deal on March 1, 1997. Both Tocchet and Carter would work together as studio analysts with the NHL on TNT nearly a quarter of a century later beginning in 2021. Tocchet became an unrestricted free agent on June 15, 1997 and signed a three-year contract with the Phoenix Coyotes 23 days later on July 8. After returning to the Flyers in a trade that sent Mikael Renberg to the Coyotes on March 8, 2000, he added 11 points en route to an Eastern Conference Finals berth. Tocchet retired after 2001–02 season, being one of several players in NHL history to collect 400 goals and 2,000 penalty minutes including Brendan Shanahan and Gary Roberts.
Coaching career
He became an assistant coach for the Colorado Avalanche in 2002–03. In the summer of 2005, he became an assistant coach with the Phoenix Coyotes. On December 17, 2005, Tocchet took over as interim head coach for Phoenix, stepping in while head coach Wayne Gretzky was out on an indefinite leave of absence due to his mother's illness (and subsequent passing). The team went 2–3–0 under Tocchet. Gretzky eventually resumed his duties on December 28.
Tocchet was named as the associate coach of the Tampa Bay Lightning on July 9, 2008. On November 16, he was named the interim head coach of the Lightning, replacing Barry Melrose who was fired two days earlier after compiling a 5–7–4 record. Tocchet lost his first game to the Carolina Hurricanes in a shootout. Tocchet's first win came two games later on November 21 against the Nashville Predators. However, he would go on to lose his next nine games, and twelve of the next thirteen. On May 11, 2009 Tocchet had the interim tag removed and was signed to a two-year deal by the Lightning. On April 12, 2010 he was relieved of his coaching duties by the new ownership of the Tampa Bay Lightning. On June 25, 2014, he was hired by the Pittsburgh Penguins to be an assistant coach. On June 12, 2016, Tocchet won the Stanley Cup with the Penguins. He won his second Stanley Cup as coach on June 11, 2017, when the Penguins defeated the Nashville Predators in six games.
On July 11, 2017, Tocchet was named head coach for the Arizona Coyotes. On February 29, 2020, Tocchet earned his 100th win as head coach of the Coyotes in a 5–2 victory over the Buffalo Sabres. At the conclusion of the 2020–21 season, Tocchet and the Coyotes mutually agreed to part ways.
Analyst
After leaving Tampa Bay, Tocchet served alongside Michael Barkann, Al Morganti, Bill Clement and Steve Coates as a Flyers Postgame Live panelist on Comcast SportsNet.
He joined TNT's hockey coverage in 2021 and serves as an analyst for the network.
Gambling incident
On February 6, 2006, Tocchet was served with a criminal complaint, accused of financing a nationwide sports gambling ring based in New Jersey in which several current NHL players wagered. "It's not a hockey-related issue, it's a football thing. And at this time I can't comment any further," Tocchet told The Arizona Republic after the Coyotes practiced on February 7, 2006.
On May 8, 2006, attorneys for Tocchet and Gretzky's wife Janet Jones filed notices in New Jersey that they intended to sue the state for $50 million each for defamation. Both Tocchet and Jones claimed to have lost business opportunities in the wake of the state's investigation, which had sullied their reputations.
On August 3, 2006, former New Jersey state trooper James Harney pleaded guilty to conspiracy, promoting gambling, and official misconduct, and promised to help authorities with their case against Tocchet and others. Harney said that he and Tocchet were 50–50 partners in the betting ring.
On May 25, 2007, Tocchet pleaded guilty to conspiracy and promoting gambling. New Jersey Attorney General Anne Milgram announced on August 17, 2007, that Tocchet had been sentenced to two years probation in exchange for his plea. He could have received up to five years in New Jersey state prison, but there is a presumption against incarceration for first-time offenders who plead guilty to such crimes.
The NHL issued a statement from Gary Bettman, but his spokesman would not answer questions, including if Tocchet had a future in hockey.
During a press conference on February 6, 2008, it was announced that Tocchet was to be reinstated, and would serve as assistant coach the next day, exactly two years after taking a leave of absence. Among other conditions of his reinstatement, Tocchet was ordered by Bettman to abstain from all forms of gambling.
Awards
3-time Stanley Cup champion with the Pittsburgh Penguins: 1992 (as player), 2016 (as assistant coach); and 2017 (as assistant coach).
Selected to four NHL All-Star Games: 1989, 1990, 1991 and 1993
Inducted into Flyers Hall of Fame: 2021
Records
NHL all-time leader in Gordie Howe hat tricks – 18 (includes post-season)
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
Head coaching record
Shortened season due to the COVID-19 pandemic during the 2019–20 season. Playoffs were played in August 2020 with a different format.
See also
Operation Slapshot
Captain (ice hockey)
Power forward (ice hockey)
List of NHL players with 100-point seasons
List of NHL players with 1,000 games played
List of NHL players with 2,000 career penalty minutes
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
Arizona Coyotes coaches
Boston Bruins players
Canadian ice hockey coaches
Canadian ice hockey right wingers
Canadian people of Italian descent
Colorado Avalanche coaches
Ice hockey people from Ontario
Los Angeles Kings players
National Hockey League All-Stars
Philadelphia Flyers captains
Philadelphia Flyers draft picks
Philadelphia Flyers players
Phoenix Coyotes players
Pittsburgh Penguins coaches
Pittsburgh Penguins players
Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds players
Sportspeople from Scarborough, Toronto
Stanley Cup champions
Tampa Bay Lightning coaches
Washington Capitals players
Gillian Rosemary Trumper (April 28, 1936 – October 11, 2019) was a Canadian politician, who represented the electoral district of Alberni-Qualicum in the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia from 2001 to 2005. She sat as a member of the BC Liberal Party. She previously served as Mayor of the City of Port Alberni from 1983 to 2001. She was the Union of BC Municipalities president and its Fisheries Committee chair, West Coast Treaty Advisory Committee chair, and Alberni-Clayoquot Regional District Board chair. She died at the age of 83 from complications of renal failure in 2019.
Electoral record
References
External links
Profile at the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia
1936 births
2019 deaths
British Columbia Liberal Party MLAs
Women MLAs in British Columbia
21st-century Canadian politicians
21st-century Canadian women politicians
Politicians from London
People from Croydon
Canadian people of English descent
The Seventh-day Adventist Church is a major Christian denomination with a significant presence in Colombia with over 275,172 members as of June 30, 2018. The Seventh-day Adventist Church splits Colombia into two Unions.
Sub Fields
North Colombia Union Conference website
Atlantic Colombian Conference website
Caribbean Colombian Conference website
Colombian Islands Mission
East Central Colombian Conference website
East Colombian Conference website
Northeast Colombian Conference website
Southwest Colombian Mission website
West Central Colombian Conference website
South Colombian Union Conference website
Central Colombian Conference website
East Los Llanos Conference
Pacific Colombian Conference website
South Bogata Conference website
South Colombian Conference website
Northwestern Bogata and Boyaca Mission website
South Andean Mission
South Pacific Mission
Upper Magdalena Conference website
Education facilities
The Seventh-day Adventist Church operates 23 secondary schools in Colombia. There is one school of higher education named Colombia Adventist University.
Medical facilities
The Seventh-day Adventist Church operates two clinics in Colombia.
History
See also
Australian Union Conference of Seventh-day Adventists
Seventh-day Adventist Church in Brazil
Seventh-day Adventist Church in Canada
Seventh-day Adventist Church in the People's Republic of China
Seventh-day Adventist Church in Cuba
Seventh-day Adventist Church in India
Italian Union of Seventh-day Adventist Churches
Seventh-day Adventist Church in Ghana
New Zealand Pacific Union Conference of Seventh-day Adventists
Seventh-day Adventist Church in Nigeria
Adventism in Norway
Romanian Union Conference of Seventh-day Adventists
Seventh-day Adventist Church in Sweden
Seventh-day Adventist Church in Thailand
Seventh-day Adventist Church in Tonga
Seventh-day Adventists in Turks and Caicos Islands
References
Protestantism in Colombia
Colombia
Seventh-day Adventist Church in South America
The Harriet B. was a wooden-hulled barge that served on the Great Lakes of North America, originally as the railroad ferry Shenango No.2, then a bulk carrier and finally as an unpowered barge. She sank four miles off Two Harbors, Minnesota on May 3, 1922 after being rammed by the steel freighter Quincy A. Shaw. Her wreck was accidentally located upright and intact in 2005 in of water. On August 9, 2018 the wreck of the Harriet B. was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
History
The Shenango No.2 (Official number 116695) was built in 1895 in Toledo, Ohio by Craig Shipbuilding. She was built for the United States & Ontario Steam Navigation Company of Conneaut, Ohio, a subsidiary Pittsburgh, Shenango & Lake Erie Railroad Company. At an overall length of , and a between perpendiculars length of the Shenango No.2 was one of the largest wooden ships ever built. She had a beam of , and her hull was deep. She had a gross register tonnage of 1938.12 and a net register tonnage of 1317.92. She was powered by two 1250-horsepower fore and aft compound engines. She was launched on October 25, 1895 as hull number #69.
In 1898 the Shenango No.2 was sold to the Detroit, Grand Rapids & Western Railroad Company of Muskegon, Michigan, and was renamed Muskegon. On October 20, 1898 the Muskegon collided with the dock & elevator of American Malting Company at Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Sometime in 1900 the Muskegon ran into ice and broke her rudder in a gale in an unknown location. In 1901 she was sold to the Pere Marquette Rail Road Company and was renamed Pere Marquette 16. On December 21, 1901 she sank at Ludington, Michigan, and was raised. In 1918 the Pere Marquette 16 was sold to the Hammermill Paper Company of Erie, Pennsylvania where she was cut down to a bulk freighter for use in the pulpwood trade, and was renamed Harriet B. In 1921 the Harriet B. was reduced to a barge.
Final voyage and sinking
On May 3, 1922 the freighter C.W. Jacob was towing the Harriet B., and another barge Crete; all three vessels were loaded with pulpwood. The vessels arrived near Two Harbors, Minnesota at around 1:00 a.m.; but because of heavy fog, the Jacob captain decided to wait for the fog to clear before proceeding into the harbour. The three vessels anchored about a mile off shore, and three miles southwest of the breakwater light. Meanwhile, the steel-hulled freighter Quincy A. Shaw was moving quickly up the lake. At 4:50 a.m., the Shaws bow appeared out of the fog and crashed into the port side of the Harriet B., almost cutting her in two. After the collision, the crew of the Harriet B. boarded the Shaw. The Harriet B. sank twenty minutes later. After she sank, her wheelhouse washed ashore nearby.
Discovery
The remains of the Harriet B. were accidentally discovered in 2005 by the University of Minnesota Duluth research boat Blue Heron while they were conducting a geological survey of the lake bottom. The crew of the Blue Heron contacted Jerry Eliason and Randy Bebe, who used drop cameras and side-scan sonar to confirm the identity of the wreck.
The Harriet B. today
The Harriet B. rests upright, and almost totally intact in of water approximately four miles off Two Harbors, Minnesota. Because of the extreme depth of the wreck, diving is not advised. Jerry Eliason said that "even a brief visit to the wreck would require at least eight hours of decompression stops on the way back to the surface to complete the dive safely". The wreck is believed to be the most intact shipwreck in Minnesota waters.
References
1895 ships
Maritime incidents in 1922
Great Lakes freighters
Shipwrecks of Lake Superior
Steamships of the United States
Shipwrecks on the National Register of Historic Places in Minnesota
National Register of Historic Places in Lake County, Minnesota
Shipwrecks of the Minnesota coast
Ships sunk with no fatalities
Ships built in Toledo, Ohio
Contrarian is a progressive death metal band from Rochester, New York, founded in 2012 by guitarist Jim Tasikas. The band is known for its progressive and catchy songwriting alongside a technical playing style. They are known as one of the front runners at introducing an authentic yet modern approach to the progressive style of the 1990s progressive death metal bands such as Atheist, Death, and Cynic. The band featured famed Nile drummer George Kollias for their first three albums.
History
The band was originally formed in 2012 in Rochester, New York, by Jim Tasikas. Jim then enlisted his friend Ed Paulsen for bass duties, Brian Mason as lead guitar and George Kollias of the Nile for drums. Contrarian roots came from the progressive and technical metal scene birthed in Rochester, NY in the mid-1990s which also brought to light bands such as Lethargy, Mastodon, Psyopus and Sulaco. Contrarian recorded their first EP "Predestined" in 2014. This EP caught the attention of Jason Tipton at Willowtip Records and within one year the band released their first full-length album Polemic on November 20, 2015. The band's latest album Only Time Will Tell was also released via Willowtip Records in 2020, mixed by famed record producer Neil Kernon. Contrarian has had guest appearances from Paul Masvidal of Cynic and Leon Macey of Mithras UK and as of 2020, guitarists Jim Tasikas and Brian Mason are endorsed by ESP guitars. Contrarian are known for their detailed album art covers and concept albums dealing with themes of philosophy and theology. Contrarian are also known for reviving an organic approach to recording technical metal in studio settings.
Members
Current
Cody McConnell – vocals (2015, 2019–present)
Brian Mason – guitars (2014–present)
Jim Tasikas – guitars (2014–present)
Bill Bodily – bass (2019–present) (Flotsam and Jetsam)
Alex Cohen – drums (2022–present) (ex-Pyrrhon, ex-Imperial Triumphant)
Former
Ryan Mitchell – vocals (2014–2015)
Leon Macey – guitars (2014–2016)
Ed Paulsen – bass (2014–2019)
George Kollias – drums (2014–2019), vocals (2015–2019) (Nile)
Bryce Butler – drums (2019–2022) (Shadow of Intent, Abigail Williams, ex-The Faceless)
Timeline
Discography
Studio albums
Predestined (2014)
Polemic (2015)
To Perceive Is to Suffer (2017)
Their Worm Never Dies (2019)
Only Time Will Tell (2020)
References
External links
Official Facebook page
Musical groups established in 2012
Musical quintets
2012 establishments in New York (state)
Francisco Manuel Perea Bilbao (born 20 November 1978 in Málaga, Andalucía, Spain), professionally known as Fran Perea, is a Spanish actor and singer.
Career
Fran Perea graduated from the Escuela Superior de Arte Dramático of Málaga. He made his debut in 2000, acting Hugo in television series Al salir de clase. He portrayed Hugo from 2001 to 2002.
In 2003, Perea got the role of Marcos Serrano in television sitcom Los Serrano. He also sang the opening theme "1 más 1 son 7", and was a huge hit in 2003. Due to his role of Marcos, Fran Perea became a famous singer. His first album, La chica de la habitación de al lado, was totally inspired by his role in Los Serrano. It earned four Platinum and one Gold discs. In 2004, he had a Spanish tour, and recorded the live hits album Fran Perea, en concierto. In 2005, he released his second album Punto y Aparte, that followed the success of La chica de la habitación de al lado. One year later, Perea left Los Serrano and started acting in films.
In 2006, he portrayed David in film Los Mánagers, directed by Fernando Guillén Cuervo. Also, he was the protagonist of 2006 film El camino de los ingleses, directed by famous actor Antonio Banderas. When Banderas selected him for the film, he did not know that Perea was very famous in Spain for his roles in the TV-series Al salir de clase and Los Serrano.
In 2007, Perea acted in Goya-nominated film Las 13 rosas, directed by Emilio Martínez Lázaro. And that year, he started performing in plays like ‘Fedra' as Hipolito along with some of the big names of the Spanish dramaturgy: Ana Belén as Fedra, José Carlos Plaza as director and Juan Mayorga as scriptwriter.
After that he participated on the TV series ‘Hospital Central'and played the role of Don Juan in ‘Don Juan, el burlador de Sevilla', under the orders of Emilio Hernández. The debut took place in Naples and the play was also performed in the Classical Theater Festival of Almagro. In 2009 and 2010, once again, he played Hipolito on stage.
In 2010, Fran Perea launched his third album, 'Viejos conocidos'. This is the first album all made by Fran: written by him and produced by his label Sinfonía en No Bemol. In May and July 2012 he has had a tour with this album around Spain.
He shot a new film, 'Chrysalis', debut of director Paula Ortiz, which share the story of Maribel Verdú and Roberto Alamo. And he participated with a short role in 'Balada triste de trompeta' by Alex de la Iglesia, who directed the first clip of 'Viejos conocidos', corresponding to the single 'Carnaval'.
On television, he was honored to participate in the revival of the classic TVE Estudio 1, as Camilo of 'La viuda de Valencia', with Aitana Sanchez-Gijon and Jorge Roelas, among other peers. A new experience for him as it had to apply the concept stage to the television format.
Recently, he has finished another tour with a show completely different. For a year he has gotten into the skin of Chris Keller, the son of Joe and Kate Keller in 'All My Sons' (Arthur Miller), under the direction of Claudio Tolcachir, who is also responsible for the adaptation of Miller's text. Claudio, who has already become a good friend, is an Argentine director who is amazing audiences and critics with his concept of theater. As audience has said many stages they create an atmosphere that causes the viewer the feeling that is part of what is happening on stage.
Now Fran is part of the cast of a new serie in the Spanish channel Antena 3, named 'Luna, el misterio de Calenda' and he is Orestes in the new play of José Carlos Plaza, again with Ana Belén.
Fran released his fourth album "Vijaha la palabra" and started a tour in Serbia.
Politics
Perea participated with other Spanish celebrities in a campaign in support of José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero as candidate for Prime Minister of Spain in the elections in 2008.
Filmography
Television
Al salir de clase (2001–2002) as Hugo
Los Serrano (2003–2006) as Marcos Serrano
Luna, The Mystery of Calenda (2012–2013) as Ignacio "Nacho" Castro
B&B (2014–present) as Mario
La sonata del silencio (2016) as Mauricio Canales.
Guest roles
El comisario (2002, 2003) as Guti
Los Serrano (2007, 2008) as Marcos Serrano
Muchachada Nui (2007) as Marcial Ruíz Escribano
Hospital central (2007) as Javi
Hospital central (2008) as Dr Enrique Trujillo
Film
Los Mánagers (2006) as David
El camino de los ingleses (2006) as El Garganta
Perez, el ratoncito de tus sueños (2007) (voice)
Las 13 rosas (2007) as Teo
Short films
Tu mismo (2000)
Cañí (2000)
Final feliz para un crimen de Aure Roces (2001)
La aventura de Rosa de Ángela Armero (2008)
Discography
Studio albums
2003: La chica de la habitación de al lado No. 2 Spain, No. 10 Finland
2005: Punto y Aparte No. 8 in Spain
2010: Viejos conocidos
Live Hits albums
2004: Fran Perea, en concierto No. 60 Spain
Compilation albums
2006: Fran Perea, singles, inéditos & otros puntos No. 57 Spain
Awards and nominations
Music
2003: Premios Amigo — Best New Artist — Nominated
References
External links
1978 births
Living people
People from Málaga
Spanish male film actors
Male actors from Andalusia
Singers from Andalusia
Spanish male television actors
21st-century Spanish singers
21st-century Spanish male singers
21st-century Spanish male actors
Elections to Nuneaton and Bedworth Borough Council were held on 1 May 2008. Half of the council was up for election and the Conservative Party gained control of the council from Labour.
This was the first time that the British National Party had fielded candidates in the Borough for election to the Borough Council.
After the election, the composition of the council was
Conservative 18
Labour 14
British National Party 2
Election results
Ward results
2008
2008 English local elections
2000s in Warwickshire
Manila's 4th congressional district is one of the six congressional districts of the Philippines in the city of Manila. It has been represented in the House of Representatives of the Philippines since 1949. The district consists of barangays 395 to 586 in the northern Manila district of Sampaloc. It is currently represented in the 19th Congress by Edward Maceda of the Nationalist People's Coalition (NPC) and Asenso Manileño.
Representation history
Election results
2022
2019
2016
2013
2010
See also
Legislative districts of Manila
References
Congressional districts of the Philippines
Politics of Manila
1949 establishments in the Philippines
Congressional districts of Metro Manila
Constituencies established in 1949
Kuyubaşı can refer to:
Kuyubaşı, Batman
Kuyubaşı, Bilecik
Kuyubaşı, Bucak
Kuyubaşı, Çamlıdere
Marco M. Grifantini (born September 17, 1985) is a professional baseball pitcher.
Grifantini attended Enterprise High School in Redding, California, and the University of California, Davis. He played for Cariparma Parma of the Italian Baseball League and the Italian national team in the 2013 World Baseball Classic. In the 2013 season, he plays for the Dunedin Blue Jays of the Class A-Advanced Florida State League.
Career Summary
Marco Grifantini's baseball career had a humble start playing prep ball at Enterprise High School (Redding, California). His skill at pitching saw better days after he joined Feather River College, Quincy, California and had to his belt a score of league awards. He, however, got his first international break after he switched to the University of California, Davis, California and was inducted into the college team to play in the College World Series preliminary rounds. That proved to be a turning point in his career. Playing at the packed-to-capacity Stanford University stadium was the most wonderful and unforgettable moment of his life.
Graduation over, Marco joined the Italian Baseball League. During his four-year stint in the Italian league, he was once able to win the titles of the Best Pitcher. During his career stay in Italy, he had the opportunity to represent the Italian National Baseball Team in international competitions played outside Italy.
Marco's latest entry this year was into the Italian team Cinderella that outplayed Mexico and Canada to advance to the second round of the World Baseball Classic. This victory by Cinderella triggered an offer for him from the Dunedin Blue Jays, the Class A-Advanced affiliate of the Toronto Blue Jays major league baseball club.
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
People from Yreka, California
2013 World Baseball Classic players
Baseball players from California
UC Davis Aggies baseball players
Dunedin Blue Jays players
Feather River Golden Eagles baseball players
The 2017–18 season was FC Barcelona B's 48th season in existence, the 23rd in Segunda División and first season, since promotion from Segunda División B, in the second flight of Spanish football.
Players
Promoted from Juvenil A
|}
Players In
|}
Total expenditure: €0
Players Out
Total income: €3.0 million
Balance
Total: €3.0 million
Technical staff
Statistics
Squad statistics
{|class="wikitable" style="text-align: center;"
|-
!
! style="width:70px;"|League
! style="width:70px;"|Cup
! style="width:70px;"|Total Stats
|-
|align=left|Games played ||40||2||42
|-
|align=left|Games won ||10||1||11
|-
|align=left|Games drawn ||13||0||13
|-
|align=left|Games lost ||17||1||18
|-
|align=left|Goals scored ||46||3||49
|-
|align=left|Goals conceded ||52||2||54
|-
|align=left|Goal difference ||−6||1||−5
|-
|align=left|Clean sheets ||5||1||6
|-
|align=left|Goal by Substitute || – || – || –
|-
|align=left|Total shots ||345|| – ||345
|-
|align=left|Shots on target ||139|| – ||139
|-
|align=left|Corners || – || – || –
|-
|align=left|Players used || – || – || –
|-
|align=left|Offsides || 52 || – || 52
|-
|align=left|Fouls suffered ||610|| – ||610
|-
|align=left|Fouls committed ||495|| – ||495
|-
|align=left|Yellow cards ||91||2||93
|-
|align=left|Red cards ||1||1||2
|-
Players Used: Barcelona B has used a total of 20 different players in all competitions.
Goalscorers
Last updated: 25 May 2018
Hat-tricks
(H) – Home ; (A) – Away
Clean sheets
As of 22 November 2017.
Disciplinary record
Includes all competitive matches. Players listed below made at least one appearance for Barcelona B first squad during the season.
Injury record
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Copa Catalunya
Segunda División
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
References
External links
FC Barcelona Atlètic seasons
2017–18 Segunda División
B
Barcelona B
Azzi Glasser (born January 1970) is a British perfume designer. Glasser started her career in 1991, working for CPL Aromas, and went on to start her own companies, Agent Provocateur Parfum Ltd in 1999 INA Crystals in 2007, Family Three in 2001, Bella Freud Parfum in 2013 and The Perfumer's Story, by Azzi Glasser in 2015.
Early life
Born in North London in 1970, Glasser spent four years in India from 1971-1975.
CPL Aromas
In 1991 Glasser joined CPL Aromas, a perfume house in Hertfordshire. There she trained to understand the chemical behaviour of raw materials, and aged 23 became commercial director, leading to her role as global commercial director for the perfume house.
Agent Provocateur
In 1999 Glasser co-founded Agent Provocateur Parfums with Joseph Corre and Serena Rees, launching her first retail perfume ‘Agent Provocateur'. It won the Fifi 2001 award for best new female fragrance in limited distribution, together with a special award for creative imagery. Launched in 60 countries, Glasser and the team went on to create a bath and body collection which together with new additions to the fragrance led to the launch of the ‘House of Parfums'.
Family Three
In 2001 Glasser founded Family Three, which creates fragrances for fashion designers, beauty brands, actors, musicians and artists, such as Helena Bonham Carter, Jude Law, Kylie Minogue, Tom Hardy, Noomi Rapace, Orlando Bloom and Johnny Depp. She also works with Andre Balazs on scents for his hotels, such as the Chiltern Firehouse. Azzi also created the scent for The Brompton Club London (now Ramusake).
INA Crystals
In 2007 Glasser collaborated with make-up artist Mary Vango creating a skincare range. Customers include Helena Bonham Carter, Sharleen Spiteri, Victoria Beckham, Kate Moss, Kylie Minogue, Sadie Frost, Alison Mosshart.
The Perfumer's Story By Azzi
In October 2015, Glasser released her first collection of 11 limited edition men's, women's and unisex fragrances from her back catalogue in collaboration with retailer Harvey Nichols.
Bella Freud Parfum Limited
Bella Freud Parfum is a company created by Freud and Glasser in 2013.
The Bella Freud Parfum collection, launched in 2014, includes four Eau de Parfums: Je t'aime Jane, Ginsberg is God, 1970 and Signature.
Personal life
She is married to Dan Glasser, a photographer, and they have two sons.
References
1970 births
British designers
Living people
Perfumers
John Henry Starling, (15 January 1883 – 5 April 1966) was the official secretary to the Governor General of Australia from 1919 to 1927, serving Munro Ferguson, Forster and Baird.
Career
Having originally lived in Melbourne, Starling transferred to the Commonwealth Public Service in 1902 as a clerk in the Governor General's office.
Starling transferred to the newly established Prime Minister's Department in February 1912 and was appointed chief clerk in September 1917. In June 1919 he succeeded (Sir) George Steward as official secretary to the governor-general and secretary to the Federal Executive Council. Starling was appointed OBE in 1920 and CMG in 1925. After the position of official secretary was abolished in 1927, he continued as secretary to the Federal Executive Council until 1933, and in July 1929 he was promoted to assistant secretary of the department's territories branch. In 1933 to 1935, he was secretary to the Prime Minister's Department and secretary to the Department of External Affairs.
Personal life
Starling married Sarah Elizabeth May Price on 15 February 1911. Starling died in Canberra Community Hospital on 5 April 1966 and was cremated. He left behind two sons and a daughter.
References
1883 births
1966 deaths
Secretaries of the Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet
Australian Companions of the Order of St Michael and St George
Australian Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Public servants from Melbourne
20th-century Australian public servants
Høgni Reistrup (artistic name Högni Reistrup, born 1984) is a Faroese singer, musician, writer and scientist from Tórshavn, Faroe Islands. He is the co-writer of the book Exit Føroyar (which means Exit Faroe Islands); he wrote it together with Heri á Rógvi. The books were published in 2012 and created a major debate in the Faroe Islands and in Denmark about the problems the Faroe Islands were facing with population decline in the islands, where the biggest problems seemed to be that half of the young people who moved away to study abroad never moved back again; especially the women did not move back again. After a period of six years with negative net migration in the Faroe Islands, the country saw an increase in the population in 2014 and 2015.
As a musician Høgni Reistrup has released four albums and is a popular singer in the Faroe Islands, his albums receiving good reviews abroad as well as at home. His third album received four stars from the Danish magazine Gaffa and he has been nominated several times for Faroese musical awards.
Education, work and politics
Reistrup is MA in Media studies. He studied Media Studies and Organisational Development at the Aarhus University from 2005 to 2008 and took his BA degree in 2008. He continued his studies at the University of Copenhagen where he took his MA degree in 2010. He took a part of the post graduate studies at the Dublin City University. His final thesis was published in 2010, it has the title Entering the real-time web – understanding how companies engage their brands on the real-time web.
He has published three books about Faroese politics and about the problems the Faroe Islands are facing when young people move to other countries mainly to study and around half of them never move back again. The book Exit Føroyar which he wrote together with Heri á Rógvi is treating this problem. The Faroe Islands have amongst the highest birthrates in Europe, the fertility rate for Faroese women was 2.5 in 2014 while Danish women gave birth to 1.7 child and Greenlandic women gave birth to 2.3. But the population has not grown for several years in the Faroe Islands because more people are moving away from the Faroe Islands than people who are moving to the Faroe Islands. Reistrup was himself one of the young Faroese who lived abroad for several years while studying, he lived in Denmark for 12 years, but moved back to the Faroes again in 2013.
Reistrup worked as a reporter for the Kringvarp Føroya in the summer periods from 2006 to 2010. In 2009 he worked for the Danish Radio where he did some research and surveys. In 2008 he was a member of a research team of The North Atlantic Group and the Danish Parliament. The research topic was: An investigation of why a large amount of people from the Faroe Islands choose to settle down in Denmark. In 2011 he worked for eight months as a secretary for the Danish Ministry of Culture. In 2012 he worked as a Social Media Editor for Eversheds Copenhagen. In April 2012 he started working on the project Exit Føroyar together with Heri á Rógvi. The aim of EXIT Føroyar was to stimulate population growth in the Faroe Islands. At the time of writing, the country had a negative net migration. Reistrup and á Rógvi published the book Exit Føroyar in 2012 and the book caused much debate in the Faroe Islands and in Denmark. The two authors were invited to give speeches in the Folketing on 4 April 2013. Two years later, on 31 July 2014, there was a growth in the population of the Faroe Islands, both the birth rate and the net migration were positive. On 31 December 2014 there continued to be a growth in the population of the Faroe Islands, the net migration was 294 people and the total population was 48 724.
From September 2012 to June 2013 he worked as a communication consultant on Christiansborg Palace where he was advising MPs, MEPs, and ministers on the use of digital media. Since June 2013 he has worked as a communications consultant for Tórshavnar Municipality.
In 2015 he was a candidate for the election for the Løgting for Framsókn; he was not elected, became number 10 of 17. The party got two members elected. Again in 2019 he was a candidate for the elections for the Faroese parliament for Framsókn (Progress), he was not elected, but his party got two members elected.
In 2018 Reistrup founded the online travel platform Guide to Faroe Islands, he is the CEO for the company. In March 2019 Guide to Faroe Islands was nominated for the prize "Breakthrough of the Year" (Faroese: Ársins nýbrot) by the Tourist Association of the Faroese House of Industry.
Musical career
His musical influences include Radiohead, Depeche Mode, and The Cure. Artists such as Bob Dylan, Nick Drake, and Kári P. epitomises Reistrup's early work. He has a background in classical music which we find examples of in the period between 2007 and 2010. Songs such as "Friðsæla Stund" from the album Hugafar á ferð and "Náttarvøka" from the album Trý fet frá tilveruni have clear references to classical music. He was a member and founder of the Faroese band Lawetz in 2002. The band competed at the Prix Føroyar music competition in 2003 and 2005, but did not win.
Discography
Albums
2007 – Hugafar á ferð
2010 – Trý fet frá tilveruni
2011 – Samrøður við framtíðina
2013 – Áðrenn vit hvørva
About the albums
Reistrup released his debut album titled Hugafar á ferð in the summer of 2007. The first single from the album reached No. 1 on the official chart in the Faroe Islands.
His second album, Trý fet frá tilveruni, was released on 1 March 2010. The album was recorded in the Faroe Islands and mixed in Dublin.
Reistrup's third album Samrøður við framtíðina was released on 18 November 2011. The album was recorded on the Faroe Islands and mixed in Reykjavík by Styrmir Hauksson. It got four of six stars in a review from the Danish musical magazine Gaffa.
Reistrup released his fourth album on 2 December 2013. The album is titled Áðrenn vit hvørva. The album was recorded in Berlin in August 2012 and in Reykjavík in November 2012 and June 2013. Áðrenn vit hvørva – or "Before we disappear" – is produced by Ólavur Jákupsson and Janus Rasmussen. The song "Vegurin" was the first single from the album and was released 1 August 2013.
Høgni is signed to the independent Faroese record label, Tutl.
Reistrup has played in countries such as England, Scotland, Iceland, Germany, Denmark, and The Faroe Islands.
Bibliography
2010 – Entering the real-time web – understanding how companies engage their brands on the real-time web – Master's thesis.
2011 – Valið og valdið, Høgni Reistrup, Stefan í Skorini, 258 pages,
2012 – Exit Føroyar, Heri á Rógvi and Høgni Reistrup, Sprotin
2015 – Framtíðin er okkara, Høgni Reistrup, Sprotin,
Awards and nominations
2015 – Nominated for Faroese Music Awards in the pop/rock category for Best band or artist of the year
2015 – Nominated for Faroese Music Awards in the pop/rock category for Best male singer of the year
2014 – Nominated for Faroese Music Awards in the pop/rock category for Best male singer of the year
2014 – Nominated for Faroese Music Awards in the pop/rock category for Best band or artist of the year
2011 – Nominated for Planet Awards in the category Best singer of the year
2011 – Nominated for Planet Awards in the category Best artist of the year
References
External links
Hognireistrup.com
Youtube.com
Last.fm
1984 births
Living people
Faroese guitarists
Faroese male singers
Faroese singer-songwriters
Faroese writers
English-language singers from the Faroe Islands
People from Tórshavn
Danish scientists
21st-century Danish male singers
21st-century guitarists
The Appomattox River is a tributary of the James River, approximately long, in central and eastern Virginia in the United States, named for the Appomattocs Indian tribe who lived along its lower banks in the 17th century. It drains a cotton and tobacco-growing region of the Piedmont and coastal plain southwest of Richmond.
The English colonists in Virginia at first tried to rename the Appomattox as the "Bristoll River", however this name did not catch on, while the native one did. There are numerous historical spelling variants, such as Apamatuck, Apamutiky, Appamattuck, Appomattake, and Apumetecs, among others.
Course
The Appomattox River rises in the middle of a field near State Route 656 (Horseshoe Road) in the Piedmont of northeastern Appomattox County, approximately northeast of the town of Appomattox. It flows generally southeast through the Appomattox-Buckingham State Forest to Farmville. From Farmville it flows in a large arc northeast then southeast across the coastal plain, passing southwest of Richmond and passing through the Lake Chesdin reservoir. It flows through Petersburg, its head of navigation, through the Tri-cities area, then joins the James River from the west at City Point in Hopewell.
History
The Appomattox River was cleared for transportation from Farmville, Virginia to Petersburg, Virginia for batteaux from 1745 to 1890 as the Upper Appomattox Canal Navigation System. Eppington Plantation had docks for larger boats that could carry seven tons to Petersburg in a four-day round trip. Petersburg had a port below the Fall Line that could hold ships which carry 200 tons down river to the Atlantic Ocean. Port Walthall, six miles downstream could hold larger ships and at City Point, where the Appomattox ran into the James River, even larger ships could dock in the 19th century.
In April 1865 during the Appomattox Campaign of the American Civil War, the Confederate forces attempted to burn the High Bridge over the river northwest of Burkeville in order to escape the pursuing Union Army after the fall of Petersburg. The Union capture of the bridge was a contributing factor in the forcing of General Robert E. Lee's surrender at nearby Appomattox Court House, ending the war in Virginia.
Recreation
The river is a popular destination for whitewater rafting and canoeing, particularly down stream of the small Abutment Dam (which is itself only a couple miles down stream of Chesdin Dam) in the village of Matoaca to Petersburg near Virginia State University.
See also
List of Virginia rivers
References
External links
VirginiaPlaces.org Appomattox River Basin
Appomattox High Bridge
Appomattox Campaign 1865
Tributaries of the James River
Rivers of Virginia
Rivers of Richmond, Virginia
Adam C. Siepel (born 1972) is an American computational biologist known for his research in comparative genomics and population genetics, particularly the development of statistical methods and software tools for identifying evolutionarily conserved sequences. Siepel is currently Chair of the Simons Center for Quantitative Biology and Professor in the Watson School for Biological Sciences at Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory.
Education and career
Siepel completed a B.S. in Agricultural and Biological Engineering at Cornell University in 1994, then worked at Los Alamos National Laboratory until 1996. From 1996 to 2001, he worked as a software developer at the National Center for Genome Resources in Santa Fe, while completing an M.S. in Computer Science at the University of New Mexico. He obtained a Ph.D. in Computer Science from the University of California, Santa Cruz in 2005. He was on the faculty of Cornell University from 2006 to 2014 and moved to Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory in 2014.
Research
Siepel has worked on various problems at the intersection of computer science, statistics, evolutionary biology, and genomics. At Los Alamos National Laboratory, he developed phylogenetic methods for detecting recombinant strains of HIV, and at the National Center for Genome Resources, he led the development of ISYS, a technology for integrating heterogeneous bioinformatics databases, analysis tools, and visualization programs. Siepel also did theoretical work on algorithms for phylogeny reconstruction based on genome rearrangements, working with Bernard Moret at the University of New Mexico. When Siepel left software development to join David Haussler's laboratory at the University of California, Santa Cruz, he turned to computational problems in comparative genomics. In Haussler's group, he developed several analysis methods based on phylogenetic hidden Markov models, including a widely used program called phastCons for identifying evolutionarily conserved sequences in genomic sequences.
At Cornell, Siepel's research group continued to work on the identification and characterization of conserved non-coding sequences. They also studied fast-evolving sequences in both coding and noncoding regions, including human accelerated regions. In recent years, the Siepel laboratory has increasingly focused on human population genetics, developing methods for estimating the times in early human history when major population groups first diverged, for measuring the influence of natural selection on transcription factor binding sites, and for estimating probabilities that mutations across the human genome will have fitness consequences. The group also has an active research program in transcriptional regulation, carried out in close collaboration with John T. Lis's laboratory.
A common theme in Siepel's research is the development of precise mathematical models for the complex processes by which genomes evolve over time. His research group uses these models, together with techniques from computer science and statistics, both to peer into the past, and to address questions of practical importance for human health.
Awards and honours
Siepel was a recipient of a Guggenheim Fellowship in 2012. He was also awarded a David and Lucile Packard Fellowship for Science and Engineering in 2007, a Microsoft Research Faculty Fellowship in 2007, and a Sloan Research Fellowship in 2009.
References
American bioinformaticians
American geneticists
Cornell University alumni
University of New Mexico alumni
University of California, Santa Cruz alumni
Living people
1972 births
Mera is a commune in Romania. It is located in Vrancea County. It is composed of five villages: Livada, Mera, Milcovel, Roșioara, and Vulcăneasa.
Demographics
According to the 2011 National Census data, the commune has 3,453 inhabitants, in decline from 2002, when the census registered 3,914 people.
History
In Mera lies the former Mera monastery, considered a historical monument of national interest. Built in 1685, it is the only religious edifice built by the Moldavian voivode Constantin Cantemir. The complex contains the "Holy Emperors" church, the exterior wall, and administrative buildings.
References
Communes in Vrancea County
Localities in Western Moldavia
The Victoria Police Academy is the main induction training establishment for the Victoria Police. It is located at 1 View Mount Road, in Glen Waverley, in the south-eastern suburbs of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. The grounds encompass 16 hectares (40 acres).
History - Corpus Christi
The site was built from 1954 – 59 as the main campus of Corpus Christi College (seminary) of the Roman Catholic Church in Australia's Archdiocese of Melbourne, from 1959–1972. The main chapel was intended to have wings of offices and accommodation either side, however only the southern wing was built before the college was sold.
The Victoria Police bought the site on 30 October 1972, and opened the Academy in 1973. Offices occupy the former seminarians rooms; the former kitchen and dining room now serve the current Academy.
Additional buildings for instruction and student accommodation, sports facilities and a gymnasium and indoor swimming pool, were erected in the 1980s, and a mock village was added later for scenario training purposes.
Training
Newly inducted recruits spend 31 weeks at the Academy. In 2004 an inquiry uncovered systemic bullying and the head and two other staff were transferred out of the Academy
The Academy also houses the Detective Training School (DTS) used for training of detectives. There is also obstacle equipment and fields where the Dog Squad often train.
Academy facility upgrade
In order to increase the Academy's capacity to accommodate the training of an additional 1700 police and 940 PSOs by November 2014, $15.4 million was provided to Victoria Police to upgrade the Victoria Police Academy in 2013-14.
The significant works included:
an operational tactic and safety training complex with a new firing range, a ‘soft fall' area for conducted energy device and defensive tactics training, and a simulator, for firearm and operational safety training
a new training system, called Hydra, which simulates a variety of operational scenarios, ranging from vehicle intercepts to large-scale criminal investigations and emergencies, such as bushfires
a railway platform for PSO training, new classrooms for training, improvements to bathroom and change room facilities, a dining room upgrade and extra car parking space.
New operational tactics and safety training facility
Construction of a new police training facility alongside the new Victorian Emergency Management Training Centre in Craigieburn commenced in 2013–14.
The now complete $30 million Victoria Police facility replaced a facility located at Essendon Fields.
The Craigieburn complex will house administration and training staff and
include an indoor firing range, scenario training village, classrooms, an auditorium, conference centre and fitness facilities. Police can undertake compulsory training twice a year at either this facility, the Victoria Police Academy or other locations in country Victoria depending on location.
Chapel
The Corpus Christi Chapel was built as a Basilica to model for seminarians the orders of Christian worship, and has 14 side altars in the cloister for rehearsal of sacraments. The architecture is a blend of the form of a Byzantine Basilica with a Renaissance ceiling and Romanesque arches and exterior flying buttresses.
The Chapel is 48 m long, 14.5 m wide, and 20 m high. It can seat 500.
The main altar is surmounted by a cupola bearing the words in Latin, "Christus Altare Nostrum" (Christ Our Altar). The cross on the cupola is 2.8 m by 1.6 m, weighs 88 kgs and was constructed by retired Senior Sargeant Norm Lieschke from Queensland maple donated by the Police Association.
Within the main chapel are stained glass windows, designed by Stephen Moor of Sydney, those on the left in red tones (for the Crucifixion) with medallions representing the Old Testament, those on the right in blue tones (for Mary) with medallions representing the New Testament.
To the right of the nave is the Chapel of Remembrance, with an eternal flame and memorial plaques for police officers who have died on duty. This chapel was dedicated during the Annual Church Service in 1988.
To the left is the Chapel of St Michael, where the families of police can erect a plaque remembering a deceased police officer.
The Chapel was rededicated as an interfaith Chapel on 20 October 1974. The lectern is adorned with the Star of David.
The Chapel is used for weddings, Baptisms, and funerals, for Victoria Police members only
Trivia
The academy is used by aircraft as an inbound reporting point when attempting to enter both the Moorabbin Airport Class D and Essendon Airport Class C control zones.
References
Corpus Christi College, Glen Waverley - history
Catholic Church in Australia
Government buildings in Melbourne
Police academies in Australia
Roman Catholic chapels in Australia
Roman Catholic churches in Victoria (Australia)
Victoria Police
Marek Brodzki (born 25 December 1960) is a Polish film director and television director. He directed the film and series versions of Wiedźmin aka The Hexer and the series Miasteczko. He has worked as First Assistant Director with top Polish directors Andrzej Wajda and Krzysztof Zanussi and has specialized as a Polish First Assistant Director and Second Unit Director on international productions made in Poland notably including Steven Spielberg's Schindler's List and has a long working relationship with German director Volker Schlöndorff. October 2015 he was awarded the Bronze Medal for Merit to Culture – Gloria Artis.
He is married to Production Manager, Casting Director, First Assistant Director Ewa Brodzka.
Selected filmography
Feature films:
2010 Beyond the Steppes – with director Vanja d'Alcantara – Line Producer: Poland/Kazakhstan
2008 A Woman in Berlin (Anonyma – Eine Frau in Berlin) – with director Max Färberböck – Asst. Director: Poland
2006 Ulzhan – with director Volker Schlöndorff – First Asst. Director, Line Producer
2006 Strike (Strajk) – with director Volker Schlöndorff – First Asst. Director
2003 The Revenge (Zemsta) – with director Andrzej Wajda – First Asst. Director
2002 The Pianist – with director Roman Polanski – Crowd Marshall
1999 Pan Tadeusz – with director Andrzej Wajda – First Asst. Director
1999 Jakob the Liar – with director Peter Kassovitz – First Asst. Director: Poland
1999 Rider of the Flames (Feuerreiter) – with director Nina Grosse – Second Unit Director
1998 Ibangin – with director Moon Seung-wook – Second Unit Director, First Asst. Director
1997 – with director Krzysztof Zanussi – First Asst. Director
1997 Un Air Si Pur – with director Yves Angelo – First Asst. Director
1996 L'Elève – with director Olivier Schatzky – First Asst. Director
1996 The Ogre (Der Unhold) – with director Volker Schlöndorff – First Asst. Director: Poland
1995 Les Milles – with director – First Asst. Director: Poland
1994 Le Colonel Chabert – with director Yves Angelo – First Asst. Director: Battle Scenes
1994 El Detective y la Muerte – with director Gonzalo Suárez – First Asst. Director: Poland
1993 Schindler's List – with director Steven Spielberg – Polish First Asst. Director
1993 La Petite Apocalypse – with director Costa-Gavras – Asst. Director
1992 – with director Krzysztof Zanussi – Asst. Director
1991 Beltenebros – with director Pilar Miró – First Asst. Director: Poland
1991 Life for Life (Zycie Za Zycie) – with director Krzysztof Zanussi – First Asst. Director
1991 Eminent Domain – with director John Irvin – Asst. Director
1988 (Gdzieśkolwiek jest, jeśliś jest...) – with director Krzysztof Zanussi – Asst. Director
Television films:
2008 Stauffenberg – the True Story – German ZDF TV film
2007 Das Wunder von Mogadischu (Miracle of Mogadishu) – German ZDF TV film
2006 Die Hölle von Verdun – German ZDF TV film
2005 Das Drama von Dresden (the Drama of Dresden) – with director Sebastian Dehnhardt – Emmy Award for best documentary
2005 Wir Weltmeister – German ZDF TV film
Television series:
2004 Hitler's Managers – Germany
2002 Wiedźmin (The Hexer) – Poland
2000–01 Miasteczko – Poland
Internet TV series:
2009 Zobaczyć ciszę – Poland
It was the first in Europe TV serial in sign language about a deaf family.
References
External links
Marek Brodzki at the Filmpolski Database
1960 births
Living people
Polish film directors
German-language film directors
Recipients of the Bronze Medal for Merit to Culture – Gloria Artis
Dharmarāja Adhvarin (b. 17th century C.E., Khandaramanikkam, Tanjor, India) was a Hindu philosopher. He developed the Advaita theory of knowledge. Up to this point metaphysics and epistemology were treated as one in Indian philosophy.
References
Epistemologists
Year of death unknown
17th-century Hindu philosophers and theologians
17th-century Indian philosophers
Scholars of Hinduism
Year of birth unknown
People from Thanjavur district
Scholars from Tamil Nadu
Globalvia is a Spanish multinational transport infrastructure company.
In June 2022, Globalvia in partnership with Kinetic Group launched a take over bid for the British bus and rail operator Go-Ahead Group. The sale was approved by Go-Ahead's shareholders in August 2022. Globalvia has a 49% shareholding.
Globalvia was founded in 2007. The company employs 2,000 and has offices in Spain, the United States, Ireland, Portugal, Mexico, Costa Rica, and Chile.
References
Spanish companies established in 2007
Transport companies established in 2007
Robin Murdoch (31 July 1911 – 13 September 1994) was a Scottish athlete who competed in the 1934 British Empire Games.
At the 1934 Empire Games he was a member of the Scottish relay team which won the bronze medal in the 4×110 yards event. In the 220 yards competition he finished fourth and in the 100 yards contest he finished fifth.
External links
Profile at TOPS in athletics
Robin Murdoch's obituary
1911 births
1994 deaths
Scottish male sprinters
Athletes (track and field) at the 1934 British Empire Games
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for Scotland
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
Danny Henry (born 17 July 1988) is a Scottish professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Featherweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Mixed martial arts career
Early career
Henry began his MMA career in 2011. Before joining the UFC, Henry amassed a record of 10-2. Henry fought the majority of his fights in South Africa with EFC Worldwide and in his final fight for their promotion beat Igeu Kabesa for their featherweight championship.
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Henry made his promotional debut on July 16, 2017 at UFC Fight Night 113 against Daniel Teymur. He won the fight by unanimous decision earning Fight of the Night honors.
Henry faced Hakeem Dawodu on March 17, 2018 at UFC Fight Night 127. He won his fight against the sizable favourite Dawodu via guillotine 39 seconds into the first round.
Henry faced Dan Ige at UFC Fight Night 147 on March 16, 2019. He lost the fight via a rear-naked choke submission in the first round.
Henry was briefly linked to a bout with Mike Davis on September 28, 2019 at UFC Fight Night 160. However, Henry pulled out of the bout for undisclosed reasons in mid-September. In turn, Davis was pulled from the card and is expected to be rescheduled for a future event.
Henry was expected to face promotional newcomer Peter Barrett on April 25, 2020. However, on April 9, Dana White, the president of UFC, announced that this event would be postponed to a future date
Henry faced Makwan Amirkhani on July 12, 2020 at UFC 251. He lost the fight via a submission in round one.
Henry was expected to face Ricardo Ramos on September 3, 2022 at UFC Fight Night 209. However, the bout was cancelled after Henry withdrew for unknown reasons.
Championships and awards
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Fight of the Night vs. Daniel Teymur
Extreme Fighting Championship (EFC)
EFC Featherweight World Championship (Two times)
Mixed martial arts record
|-
|Loss
|align=center|12–4
|Makwan Amirkhani
| Technical Submission (anaconda choke)
|UFC 251
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|3:15
|Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|12–3
|Dan Ige
|Submission (rear-naked choke)
|UFC Fight Night: Till vs. Masvidal
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|1:17
|London, England
|
|-
|Win
|align=center| 12–2
|Hakeem Dawodu
|Technical Submission (guillotine choke)
|UFC Fight Night: Werdum vs. Volkov
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|0:39
|London, England
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|11–2
|Daniel Teymur
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC Fight Night: Nelson vs. Ponzinibbio
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Glasgow, Scotland
|
|-
|Win
|align=center| 10–2
|Igeu Kabesa
|Submission (anaconda choke)
|Extreme Fighting Championship 57
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|3:30
|Johannesburg, South Africa
|
|-
|Win
|align=center| 9–2
|Wade Groth
|TKO (punches)
|Extreme Fighting Championship 53
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|0:39
|Johannesburg, South Africa
|
|-
|Win
|align=center| 8–2
|Barend Nienaber
|TKO (body kick)
|Extreme Fighting Championship 51
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|1:20
|Johannesburg, South Africa
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center| 7–2
|Igeu Kabesa
|Decision (unanimous)
|Extreme Fighting Championship 47
|
|align=center|5
|align=center|5:00
|Johannesburg, South Africa
|
|-
|Win
|align=center| 7–1
|Boyd Allen
|TKO (punches)
|Extreme Fighting Championship 44
|
|align=center|4
|align=center|2:31
|Johannesburg, South Africa
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|6–1
|Matthew Buirski
|Decision (unanimous)
|Extreme Fighting Championship 42
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Cape Town, South Africa
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|5–1
|Hanru Botha
|Submission (triangle choke)
|Extreme Fighting Championship 40
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|1:58
|Gauteng, South Africa
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|4–1
|David Galbraith
|TKO (punches)
|Headhunters FC
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|N/A
|Edinburgh, Scotland
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|3–1
|Michael Doyle
|Decision (unanimous)
|On Top 6
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Glasgow, Scotland
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|3–0
|Leon Del Gaudio
|KO (punch)
|On Top 5
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|0:17
|Glasgow, Scotland
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|2–0
|Kieran Malone
|Submission (rear-naked choke)
|On Top 4
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|4:04
|Glasgow, Scotland
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|1–0
|Danny Grayson
|Submission (rear-naked choke)
|Sportfight Scotland 14
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|3:32
|Lanark, Scotland
|
References
External links
Living people
1988 births
Sportspeople from Edinburgh
Scottish male mixed martial artists
Featherweight mixed martial artists
Ultimate Fighting Championship male fighters
La Linea (Italian) or La Línea (Spanish, "the line") may refer to:
La Línea corruption case, Guatemalan corruption case revolving around the former president and vice-president.
La Línea de la Concepción, a town in Spain bordering Gibraltar
La Línea (Road Pass), high mountain pass and planned highway tunnel in Colombia
La Línea (gang), a group of gunmen working for the Mexican Juárez Cartel
Entertainment
La línea, Spanish language album by Lila Downs.
La Línea original proposed title of The Line (2009 film), a US action crime thriller set in Mexico with Ray Liotta and Armand Asante
La Linea (TV series), a series of animated shorts from Italy
See also
Lineae lines on moons of Jupiter and other objects
Wanderley Magalhães Azevedo (8 October 1966 – 28 March 2006) was a Brazilian professional racing cyclist. He rode the 1994 Tour de France. He also competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics and 1992 Summer Olympics.
Major results
1986
1st Rutas de América
5th Volta a Portugal
1988
1st Tour de Santa Catarina
1989
1st Prova Ciclística 9 de Julho
1990
1st Prova Ciclística 9 de Julho
1991
Pan American, Individual Road Race
1st Prova Ciclística 9 de Julho
1st Tour de Santa Catarina
1992
2nd Prova Ciclística 9 de Julho
References
External links
1966 births
2006 deaths
Brazilian male cyclists
Sportspeople from Goiânia
Olympic cyclists of Brazil
Cyclists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Cyclists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Pan American Games bronze medalists for Brazil
Pan American Games medalists in cycling
Cyclists at the 1991 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1991 Pan American Games
20th-century Brazilian people
21st-century Brazilian people
Nancy Robbins Mann is an American statistician known for her research on quality management, reliability estimation, and the Weibull distribution.
Education and career
Mann graduated from Chillicothe High School in Ohio in 1943.
She earned bachelor's and master's degrees in mathematics at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) in 1948 and 1949, and then worked as computing staff in the National Applied Mathematics Laboratories of the National Bureau of Standards.
She returned to UCLA and completed a Ph.D. in biostatistics there in 1965. Her doctoral dissertation was Point and Interval Estimates for Reliability Parameters when Failure Times Have the Two-parameter Weibull Distribution.
She later worked for Rocketdyne, and conducted seminars on quality control through her organization Quality Education Seminars.
Books
With Ray E. Schafer and Nozer D. Singpurwalla, Mann wrote the book Methods for Statistical Analysis of Reliability and Life Data (Wiley, 1974). She is also the author of a book on the work of W. Edwards Deming, The Keys to Excellence: The Story of the Deming Philosophy (Prestwick Books, 1985, reprinted as The Keys to Excellence: The Deming Philosophy of Quality Management, Management Books, 2000).
Recognition
Mann was elected as a Fellow of the American Statistical Association in 1970 "for her contributions to the theory of reliability, particularly for her research in the theory of point and interval estimation for the Weibull and extreme value distributions, and for her service to the profession as an Associate Editor of Technometrics".
She was selected to join the Chillicothe High School Distinguished Alumni Hall of Fame in 2003.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American statisticians
Women statisticians
University of California, Los Angeles alumni
Fellows of the American Statistical Association
Nyctitheriidae is a family of extinct eulipotyphlan insectivores known from the Paleocene and Eocene epochs of North America and Asia and persisting into the Oligocene of Europe. Several genera, including Nyctitherium, Paradoxonycteris, and Wyonycteris, have initially been described as bats, although the family is more frequently placed in the order Eulipotyphla.
Origins and discovery
O.C. Marsh originally described Nyctitherium, from the Eocene of Wyoming, as an early bat based on similarities of its teeth. Since 1872 more than two dozen other genera of nyctitheriids have been named, and several of these have also initially been considered bats. G.G. Simpson recognized that Nyctitherium did not represent a bat, and in 1928 named the family Nyctitheriidae for Nyctitherium and several other small insectivores.
Many additional species of Nyctitheriidae from Asia, Europe, and North America have been recognized in the subsequent decades. Most species are known only from isolated teeth and jaw fragments, however species of Cryptotopos, Euronyctia, Plagioctenodon, and Scraeva are known from some postcranial bones.
Evolutionary relationships
A recent phylogenetic analysis placed Nyctitheriidae within Eulipotyphla, although Hooker (2001, 2014) has argued based on similarities in the limb bones for a relationship with Euarchonta, instead.
Lopatin (2006) recognized five subfamilies of Nyctitheriidae: Amphidozotheriinae, Asionyctiinae, Eosoricodontinae, Nyctitheriinae, and Praolestinae. Beard and Dawson (2009) considered Placentidentinae, previously thought to be related to Dermoptera, to also represent a subfamily within Nyctitheriidae. A phylogenetic analysis of many nyctitheriid species determined that although Nyctitheriidae was mostly monophyletic several subfamilies and genera were not. Notably, the subfamilies Amphidozotheriinae, Asionyctiinae, and Nyctitheriinae, as well as the genera Leptacodon and Saturninia, were found to be paraphyletic.
References
Soricomorphs
Prehistoric mammal families
Paleogene mammals
Eulipotyphla
Paleocene mammals of North America
Paleocene mammals of Asia
Eocene mammals of North America
Eocene mammals of Asia
Eocene mammals of Europe
Oligocene mammals of Europe
St. Mary's Roman Catholic Church Complex is a historic multi-building church complex at 133 School Street in Waltham, Massachusetts. Established as a parish in 1835, it is the city's oldest Roman Catholic establishment. Its 1858 Romanesque Revival church and 1872 Second Empire rectory are particularly fine architectural examples of their styles. The complex was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
Description and history
St. Mary's is located on School Street west of Lexington Street, one block north of Waltham's Central Square, and its property extends around the district court just to its east, and north to Pond Street. The oldest building in the complex is the Romanesque Revival brick church, whose construction began in 1858 and was not completed until 1872. Work to enlarge the church began soon thereafter, in 1875. The rectory, built in 1882–83, is one of Waltham's finest Second Empire buildings, and includes a period carriage house. A parochial school built later in the 1880s was demolished in the 1970s. The Classical Revival high school was built in the 1920s, and a Georgian Revival education center was built behind the church in the 1930s.
The parish was established in 1835 to minister to the city's growing Irish Catholic population, and its first church was built soon afterward. That wood-frame structure was destroyed by fire in 1846, forcing a relocation of the parish to Watertown. It returned to Waltham with the construction of the present church.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Waltham, Massachusetts
References
External links
Church web site
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Churches in Waltham, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Waltham, Massachusetts
Mo Bus is a public transport bus service run in Bhubaneswar, Odisha. The Capital Region Urban Transport (CRUT), a special purpose vehicle (SPV), formed under Housing and Urban Development Department of the Government of Odisha operates a fleet of 310 buses to and from the capital. The buses currently operate in two phases, another phase would be established, covering all major destinations across the Bhubaneswar, Cuttack, Puri and Khordha. The service was inaugurated by the Chief Minister of Odisha, Naveen Patnaik on 6 November 2018.
Features
The buses are equipped with Wi-Fi, closed circuit television cameras, online ticketing systems and a smartphone application. Automated fare collection system is also there for commuters in the form of the Odyssey City Card.
Infrastructure
Bus Que Shelters
Back-lit display signage board with city map, seating arrangements, poly-carbonate semitransparent roof cover, dustbins, vertical signage posts including Global Positioning System (GPS) based public information system showing real time information of the plying Mo Buses are featured in the Bus Que Shelters (BQS). The public information system (PIS) is linked to the Bhubaneswar Operations Centre (BOC) of the Bhubaneswar Smart City Limited.
Depots
Currently, Mo Bus uses three bus depots for its operations.
Bhagabanpur
Patia
Pokhariput
Terminals
There are ten existing terminals which is currently being used by Capital Region Urban Transport (CRUT) for Mo Bus operations i.e. Master Canteen Terminal, Khurdha New Bus Stand, Institute of Medical Sciences and Sum Hospital, Sai Mandir, Kalinga Vihar, Mancheswar, Ranasinghpur, Chakeisihani, All India Institute of Medical Sciences and Kalinga Nagar.
OD Terminals
The Origin Destination (OD) Terminals are state-of-the-art bus terminals to be developed by Capital Region Urban Transport (CRUT) for the origins and destinations of the routes established. Currently, OD Terminals are set up in four locations i.e. Chandrasekharpur, Ghatikia, Kalinga Institute of Medical Sciences, and Nandankanan Zoological Park.
Routes
Awards
References
External links
Official Mo Bus Website
Metropolitan transport agencies of India
Transport in Bhubaneswar
Companies based in Bhubaneswar
Transport companies established in 2018
2018 establishments in Odisha
San Carlos Airport is an airport serving San Carlos, the capital of Cojedes state in Venezuela. It is also known as Aeropuerto Ezquiel Zamora. Runway length does not include a displaced threshold on Runway 15.
See also
Transport in Venezuela
List of airports in Venezuela
References
External links
OurAirports - San Carlos
OpenStreetMap - San Carlos
SkyVector - San Carlos
Airports in Venezuela
Airport
Buildings and structures in Cojedes (state)
Józefin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec Fabryczny, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Chełm County
David Perez (born 26 June 1990) is a Swedish politician. He is currently a Sweden Democratic member of the Swedish Riksdag for Uppsala.
References
Living people
1990 births
Place of birth missing (living people)
Members of the Riksdag from the Sweden Democrats
Members of the Riksdag 2018–2022
Sweden Democrats politicians
People from Uppsala
Members of the Riksdag 2022–2026
21st-century Swedish politicians
The 2014 SEAT León Eurocup was the fourth season of the SEAT León Eurocup, and the first since 2010. The season was contested over six race meetings – with two races at each meeting – starting on 3 May at the Nürburgring and concluding on 2 November at the Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya.
Baporo Motorsport drivers were able to take the top two places in the drivers' championship, with Pol Rosell taking the championship after a second-place finish in the first race at the final round of the season. Rosell achieved six podium finishes during the season, with only one win at the Salzburgring, but only missed the points on two occasions. His team-mate Manuel Gião also scored points in ten races, taking five podium finishes and two victories, coming at Monza and at the final round. Gião's final round victory allowed him to overtake Julien Briché, driving for his eponymous JSB Compétition team, for the runner-up position. Briché won races at Spa-Francorchamps and Monza, but finished fewer races. Stefano Comini and Stian Paulsen each won three races during the season, but runs of non-scoring races each cost them a shot at the championship, while the only other race winner was Ferenc Ficza, who won at Silverstone.
Teams and drivers
Race calendar and results
The series supported the Euroformula Open and International GT Open championships at all events except the Salzburgring, where the Eurocup was part of the support package for the World Touring Car Championship, at the FIA WTCC Race of Austria.
Championship standings
References
External links
Official Website of the SEAT León Eurocup
SEAT León Eurocup seasons
SEAT Leon Eurocup
SEAT Leon Eurocup
This is an incomplete list of works by François Boucher.
Death of Meleager (c. 1727), Los Angeles County Museum of Art
Project for a Cartouche (c. 1727), Los Angeles County Museum of Art
Imaginary Landscape with the Palatine Hill from Campo Vaccino (1734), Metropolitan Museum of Art
Monument to Mignard (c. 1735), Los Angeles County Museum of Art
Venus and Mercury Instructing Cupid (1738), Los Angeles County Museum of Art
Cupid Wounding Psyche (1741), Los Angeles County Museum of Art
Les Confidences Pastorales (c. 1745), Los Angeles County Museum of Art
Jeanne-Antoinette Poisson, Marquise de Pompadour (1750), Harvard Art Museums
The Interrupted Sleep (1750), Metropolitan Museum of Art
The Toilette of Venus (1751), Metropolitan Museum of Art
Shepherd Boy Playing Bagpipes (c. 1754), Museum of Fine Arts, Boston
Landscape with a Watermill (1755), National Gallery
Venus in the Workshop of Vulcan (1757), Yale University Art Gallery
Pan and Syrinx (1759), National Gallery,
Angelica and Medoro (1763), Metropolitan Museum of Art
Jupiter, in the Guise of Diana, and Callisto (1763), Metropolitan Museum of Art
Virgin and Child with the Young Saint John the Baptist and Angels (1765), Metropolitan Museum of Art
Halt at the Spring (1765), Museum of Fine Arts, Boston
Return from Market (1767), Museum of Fine Arts, Boston
Shepherd's Idyll (1768), Metropolitan Museum of Art
Washerwomen (1768), Metropolitan Museum of Art
References
External links
francoisboucher.org
Chronological list of paintings by François Boucher
18th-century French painters
French male painters
Painters from Paris
Rococo painters
Lists of paintings
Paintings by François Boucher
The elepaios are three species of monarch flycatcher in the genus Chasiempis. They are endemic to the Hawaiian Islands, and were formerly considered conspecific. They measure 14 cm long and weigh 12–18 g. One species inhabits the Big Island, another Oahu and the third Kauai. Being one of the most adaptable native birds of Hawaii, no subspecies have yet become extinct, though two have become quite rare.
The elepaio is the first native bird to sing in the morning and the last to stop singing at night; apart from whistled and chattering contact and alarm calls, it is probably best known for its song, from which derives the common name: a pleasant and rather loud warble which sounds like e-le-PAI-o or ele-PAI-o. It nests between January and June.
Taxonomy and systematics
The genus Chasiempis contains three species:
Distribution
Uniquely among Hawaiian passerines, the distribution of the elepaio is peculiarly discontinuous. According to fossil remains, the birds did not occur on Maui Nui or its successor islands. Their current distribution is absent from the Maui Nui island group. If this assumption is correct, the reasons are unknown at present. However, the strange "flycatcher finches", extinct honeycreepers of the genus Vangulifer, are only known to have inhabited Maui and probably evolved on Maui Nui. There, they probably filled the same ecological niche as the elepaio did on the other islands. Competition from Vangulifer may thus have prevented a successful colonization of Maui Nui by Chasiempis.
Cultural significance
In Hawaiian tradition, the elepaio was among the most celebrated of the birds. It is associated with a number of significant roles in culture and mythology. Chiefly, it helped kālai waa (canoe-builders) to select the right koa tree to use for their waa (canoe). The elepaio is a bold and curious little bird, and thus it was attracted to humans whom it found working in its habitat, and it quickly learned to exploit feeding opportunities created by human activity, altering its behavior accordingly – which incidentally made it even more conspicuous.
For example, it followed canoe builders through dense vegetation, watching them as they searched for suitable trees. They considered it their guardian spirit, an incarnation of their patron goddess Lea, because if the bird pecked at a fallen tree, it was a sign that the tree was riddled with burrowing insects and thus not good anymore, but when the bird showed no interest in a tree, it indicated that the wood was suitable. This is the origin of the ancient Hawaiian proverb, Uā elepaio ia ka waa ("The canoe is marked out by the elepaio"). Due to its insectivorous habit, farmers believed the elepaio to be the incarnation of Lea's sister goddess, Hina-puku-ai, who protected food plants and was a patron of agriculture.
Status
Although deforestation for agriculture destroyed large areas of habitat, the elepaio managed to adapt well to the initial settlement. Thus, its population was large enough to withstand the additional pressures that came about with Western colonization of the islands. However, the Oahu species has declined precipitously in recent years and is now endangered.
References
Further reading
Elepaio on the Audubon watch list. Contains a photo of sclateri, which shows the distinctness of that taxon well.
Elepaios - BirdLife International
Hawaiiana
Hawaiian mythology
Monarchidae
Endemic birds of Hawaii
Taxa named by Jean Cabanis
The Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Orchestrations is an annual award presented by Drama Desk in recognition of achievements in the theatre among Broadway, Off Broadway and Off-Off Broadway productions. This category was eliminated with the 2011–12 season, only to be reinstated about a week later due to popular and overwhelming demand from much of the Broadway community.
Winners and nominees
1980s
1990s
2000s
2010s
2020s
Multiple wins
4 wins
Jonathan Tunick
3 wins
William David Brohn
2 wins
Doug Besterman
Larry Hochman
Don Sebesky
Danny Troob
See also
Tony Award for Best Orchestrations
References
External links
Drama Desk official website
Orchestrations
Albania once possessed a stockpile of weapons of mass destruction. This stockpile of chemical weapons included of mustard gas, lewisite, adamsite, and phenacyl chloride (chloroacetophenone).
Albania was among the initial countries who signed the Chemical Weapons Convention (CWC) in 1993. The treaty, which came into force in 1997, requires the declaration of chemical stockpiles, and the destruction of all chemical weapons, delivery systems and production facilities. One of only six nations to declare a stockpile, Albania made its declaration in March 2003, after the discovery, in December 2002, of 600 bulk containers of chemicals in an abandoned bunker. The material was probably acquired by Communist leader Enver Hoxha in the mid-1970s from China although no documentation was found, therefore this is entirely speculative.
On 11 July 2007, the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) confirmed the destruction of the entire chemical weapons stockpile in Albania, making Albania the first nation to completely destroy all of its chemical weapons under the terms of the CWC. Costs were approximately 48 million U.S. dollars. The United States assisted with and funded the destruction operations under the Nunn-Lugar Cooperative Threat Reduction.
Biological and nuclear weapons
Albania acceded to the Biological Weapons Convention on June 3, 1992, banning biological weapons. It also acceded to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty in September 1990. Albania joined the Geneva Protocol on 20 December 1989, banning chemical and biological weapons and deposited its accession to the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty on 23 April 2003.
See also
Cold War
Notes and references
Weapons of mass destruction by country
Military of Albania
Henri Roy (17 February 1873 – 23 August 1950) was a French politician who was deputy for Loiret from 1906 to 1919 and senator for Loiret from 1920 to 1941.
He was Minister of Public Works in 1934–35, and was briefly Minister of the Interior in 1940.
Life
Henri Roy was born on 17 February 1873 in Le Bouchaud, Jura, son of a school teacher in the small town.
He won a scholarship to the lycée in Lons-le-Saunier, then entered the lycée Lakanal, and went on to the Collège Sainte-Barbe in Paris, where he prepared for teachers' college.
There he met Jérôme and Jean Tharaud and Charles Péguy, with whom he formed a lasting friendship.
He lost interest in becoming a teacher, but gained degrees in letters and the law.
The Dreyfus affair gave him an interest in politics, and for two months he contributed to the journal La Volonté that Franklin Bouillon and Pierre Baudin had founded in 1897.
He then accepted the job of chief editor of the radical Orléans daily Le Progrès du Loiret.
Roy ran successfully for election in 1906 as deputy in the 2nd district of Orléans as the Republican and Radical candidate.
He continued to work as a journalist and a lawyer, and was admitted to the bar in Orléans.
He was reelected in 1910 and 1914.
After World War I (1914–18) he was appointed Commissioner of Supply by Georges Clemenceau on 15 July 1919.
On 16 November 1919 he lost his seat in the general election.
In January 1920 Roy was elected to the Senate, where he joined the Democratic Left group.
He was reelected in 1924 and 1928, and was rapporteur of the budget in 1932 and 1933.
He joined the Board of Directors of the National Board of liquid fuels, of which he became president in 1932.
On 8 November 1934 he joined the cabinet of Pierre-Étienne Flandin as Minister of Public Works, holding office until 31 May 1935.
On 31 May 1935 he was reelected to the Senate, and was elected vice-president of the Senate from 1936 to 1940.
During World War II (1939–45) he joined the cabinet of Paul Reynaud as Minister of the Interior from 21 March 1940 to 18 May 1940.
On 10 July 1940 he voted for the constitutional law that gave full power to Marshal Philippe Pétain.
In 1941 he refused to accept the seat that was offered to him by the Vichy government in the National Council.
After the war the jury of honor removed the ineligibility that resulted from his positive vote of 10 July 1940.
He retired from public life, and died in Paris on 23 August 1950 at the age of 77.
Publications
Notes
Sources
1873 births
1950 deaths
People from Jura (department)
Politicians from Bourgogne-Franche-Comté
Radical Party (France) politicians
French Ministers of Public Works
French interior ministers
Members of the 9th Chamber of Deputies of the French Third Republic
Members of the 10th Chamber of Deputies of the French Third Republic
Members of the 11th Chamber of Deputies of the French Third Republic
French Senators of the Third Republic
Senators of Loiret
Lady Shani (born March 2, 1993) is the ring name of a Mexican luchadora enmascarada, or masked professional wrestler, currently under contract with Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide. She made her debut in 2009 and until 2015 worked under the more generic name Sexy Lady before adopting her current name that same year. Initially she portrayed a ruda (a heel, or villain) but in 2017 she changed sides and became a tecnica (the face, or fan favorite). She is the cousin of Ludark Shaitan, with whom she both teamed with and fought against early in her career. Lady Shani's real name is not a matter of public record, which is traditional for masked wrestlers in Mexico who have not been unmasked.
She is a two time AAA Reina de Reinas Champion in AAA; first from 2017 to early 2018, and again from December 2, 2018. One of the highlights of her career was a Lucha de Apuestas ("bet match") win over Faby Apache at Triplemanía XXVI, where Apache was forced to have her hair shaved off afterward.
Professional wrestling career
Lady Shani was trained for her professional wrestling career by Dr. Karonte, Platino, and Silver King at various times. Her in-ring debut has been listed as December 2009, but no official record of what the match was has been found. Starting out, she worked as the masked ring character "Sexy Lady", working for the Hardcore wrestling promotion Desastre Total Ultraviolento (DTU). The mask she wore while working as "Sexy Lady" featured a silouette of a woman on the front, positioned between the eye openings of the mask.
In her first full year as a professional wrestler she started working for International Wrestling Revolution Group (IWRG) on a freelance basis. Her first major appearance for IWRG was at their Guerra de Empresas ("War of the Promotions") show" on January 2, 2011, where she, teamed up with Aeroboy and Comando Negro for an inter-gender match loss to Ludark Shaitan, Dinamic Black and Violento Jack. The following April, at the next Guerra de Empresas show, Sexy Lady Chiva Rayada I, and Mini Charly Manson wrestled to a "No Contest" against Fresero, Jr., Ludark Shaitan and Mascarita Sagrada. On July 16, 2011 Sexy Lady and Dement Xtreme defeated Shaitan and Ojo Diabolico Jr. to become the first ever holders of the Xreme Mexican Wrestling Mixed Tag Team Championship. The team would later lose the title to Shaitan and Ojo Diabolico Jr., but regain it at IWRG's Guerra de Campeones ("War of the Champions") on December 25, 2011. While in IWRG, she participated in two intergender steel cage matches where the loser would be forced to unmask or have their hair shaved off, first at La Guerra de Sexos ("the war of the sexes") and then at Guerra del Golfo ("Gulf War"), both times escaping the cage to retain her mask.
Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide (2012–present)
On April 27, 2012, Sexy Lady made her debut for AAA, one of Mexico's largest wrestling promotions. In her first AAA match she teamed up with Mari Apache, losing to Faby Apache and Lolita. In early 2013 Sexy Lady was one of eight women competing for the vacant AAA Reina de Reinas Championship ("Queen of Queen Championship"), but was eliminated in the first round by Faby Apache.
In September 2015 she was reintroduced with a new ring character, the ruda (heel, or villain) character "Lady Shani". The ring character was inspired by the Japanese Ninja culture, expressed both in her mask and entrance robes. She made her debut under that name on November 20, 2015, where she, the Exótico Mamba and the Mini-Estrella Mini Charly Manson lost to Goya Kong, Pimpinela Escarlata and Dinastia. Lady Shani, along with La Hiedra, Goya Kong and Lady Maravilla were all unsuccessful in their efforts to win the Reina de Reinas championship from Taya Valkyrie at the Héroes Inmortales IX show, Lady Shani's first championship match in AAA. The following year she was one of the competitors in the annual Copa Antonio Peña, which for the first time featured both male and female wrestlers fighting each other. The tournament was won by Pimpinela Escarlata.
In early 2017 AAA started a storyline that would eventually lead to Lady Shani becoming a tecnico (those that portray the fan favorites in wrestling, the faces, in AAA as she was attacked by Taya after a match at the 2017 Guerra de Titanes show. As part of the story-line transition from rudo to tecnico Lady Shani was teamed up with Venom, a young, sympathetic tecnico in a tournament for the vacant AAA World Mixed Tag Team Championship. During the match, La Hiedra, Lady Shani's regular tag team partner, came to ringside and interfered in the match, causing Big Mami and Niño Hamburguesa to win the match and the championship. After the match, Lady Shani and La Hiedra argued, but the tecnico turn was not completed that night. The tension between Lady Shani and La Hiedra caused the two to not being able to win the vacant AAA Reina de Reinas Championship, which instead was won by Sexy Star in a match that also included Big Mami, Faby Apache and Goya Kong. On July 27, 2017 Lady Shani finally worked as a full-fledged tecnico as she defeated La Hiera, Goya Kong and Mamba to become the number 1 contender for the Reina de Reinas championship.
The Reina de Reinas championship match at Triplemanía XXV was overshadowed by the unscripted nature of the finish of the match. The match saw Sexy Star defend the championship against Lady Shani, Ayako Hamada and Rosemary from Impact Wrestling. During the match, some of the exchanges between Lady Shani and Sexy Star were rougher than they were planned to be, which led Sexy Star to believe that Lady Shani was "Shooting" (legitimately fighting with her instead of the pre-planned match) and left the ring for a period of time. Later on, Sexy Star ended up in the ring with Rosemary, applying an armbar submission hold for the planned finish. After Rosemary gave up, Sexy Star deliberately pulled back hard on the arm, dislocating Rosemary's shoulder. Afterward Sexy Star claimed that she was not trying to intentionally hurt Rosemary during the match. The incident was widely reported outside of Mexico, including a story in Rolling Stone magazine, the New York Post, and as far away as Australia. In the fall-out after the match AAA stripped Sexy Star of the championship. Cody Rhodes and Road Dogg have both criticized Sexy Star, with Road Dogg calling for her to be blacklisted, and per CageMatch has not been booked since Triplemania XXV.
On October 1, 2017, at Héroes Inmortales XI Lady Shani defeated Ayako Hamada to win the vacant AAA Reina de Reinas Championship, starting her first championship reign in AAA. The following month, Lady Shani won her first Lucha de Apuestas, or "bet match", where she pinned Venus and then forced her to unmask. Lucha de Apuestas wins, especially a mask win, is considered a very prestigious win in Lucha Libre and a sign of a promotion's support of that wrestler.
Following her Apuestas win Lady Shani was paired up with Faby Apache for her next story-line feud. At the time Apache was the longest tenured female wrestler in AAA and had been a fixture in the top rank of the division, facts that AAA wove into the feud as Apache got rougher and more brutal in her matches against Lady Shani to show her "displeasure" over Lady Shani's ascension. In her role of the "veteran wrestler", Faby Apache looked down on Lady Shani, trying to teach her some respect for Apache. As part of the feud, Faby Apache defeated Lady Shani to win the Reina de Reinas Championship in January 2018. As the feud continued to escalate over the spring and summer of 2018 AAA finally booked the two rivals in a Lucha de Apuestas feature match for Triplemanía XXVI, billed as AAA's most important show of the year. In the match, Lady Shani "bet" her mask against Faby Apache's hair since Apache did not wrestle in a mask. The match took place on August 25, 2018, in the third-to-last match of the night. Both Lady Shani and Faby Apache bled profusely during the match, to help illustrate the intensity of their rivalry. In the end, Lady Shani won the match and Faby Apache was forced to have all her hair shaved off per lucha libre traditions.
In the fall AAA started a Facebook Live exclusive tournament called Lucha Capital that saw Lady Shani wrestle against Lady Maravilla twice, ending with a victory and a loss in the preliminary round of the tournament. On December 12, 2018 Lady Shani regained the AAA Reina de Reinas Championship at AAA's annual Guerra de Titanes show to start her second reign. During the final round of women's Lucha Capital tournament Lady Shani announced that she was dropping out of the tournament, but extended a challenge to the eventual tournament winner for a future match. Taya won the tournament and the Lucha Capital tournament, starting a story-line between Taya and her former protege.
On June 16, 2019, at Verano de Escándalo Shani lost the title to Keyra on June 16, 2019.
Personal life
Because Lady Shani has never lost a Lucha de Apuestas match at this point in her career, her personal life is not a matter of public record; which is traditional in Lucha Libre. The only publicly available information is that which she chooses to disclose, which includes that she was born on March 2, 1993, in Mexico City. She has publicly acknowledged that she is the cousin of professional wrestler Ludark Shaitan. Early in both of their careers the two cousins would often either team up together or fight against each other for various promotions on the independent circuit.
Championships and accomplishments
Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide
AAA Reina de Reinas Championship (2 times)
Lucha Fighter (Women 2020)
Copa Triplemanía Femenil (2020)
Pro Wrestling Illustrated
Ranked No. 40 of the top 100 female wrestlers in the PWI Female 100 in 2019
Xtreme Mexican Wrestling
XMW Mixed Tag Team Championship (2 times, current) – with Demete Xtreme
Xtreme Wrestling League
XWL Border Tag Team Championship (1 time) – with Ludark Shaitan
Luchas de Apuestas record
Footnotes
References
1993 births
Living people
Mexican female professional wrestlers
Masked wrestlers
Unidentified wrestlers
Professional wrestlers from Mexico City
AAA Reina de Reinas Champions
Hiroko Emura is a Japanese international lawn bowler.
Bowls career
Emura was selected as part of the five woman team by Japan for the 2020 World Outdoor Bowls Championship
She won a fours bronze medal (with Masako Satoh, Noriko Maebayashi and Atsumi Ono), at the 2011 Asia Pacific Bowls Championships in Adelaide.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Japanese bowls players
Rodolfo Rodríguez Mojica (born 27 February 1980) is a retired Costa Rican professional football defensive midfielder.
Club career
He began his professional career with Deportivo Saprissa and played for other national clubs, Norwegian First Division side FK Haugesund and Chinese club Tianjin Teda.
In August 2011, he left second division side Orión for reasons unknown, later joining Salvadoran giants FAS. He returned to Costa Rica in summer 2012 to play for Santos de Guápiles. In November 2013 he was dismissed by Pérez Zeledón.
In January 2014 he joined second division AS Puma Generaleña, with whom he won promotion to the top tier.
International career
Rodríguez has made nine appearances for the senior Costa Rica national football team, his debut coming in a friendly against Trinidad & Tobago on February 4, 2007. He appeared in three matches as Costa Rica won the UNCAF Nations Cup 2007 tournament and one match at the 2007 CONCACAF Gold Cup.
Rodríguez played for Costa Rica at the 1997 FIFA U-17 World Cup in Egypt.
References
External links
Player profile - Nacion.com
Profile - El Gráfico
1980 births
Living people
People from San José Province
Association football midfielders
Costa Rican footballers
Costa Rica international footballers
2007 UNCAF Nations Cup players
2007 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
Liga FPD players
Deportivo Saprissa players
Municipal Liberia footballers
Brujas FC players
FK Haugesund players
Tianjin Jinmen Tiger F.C. players
Chinese Super League players
C.D. FAS footballers
Santos de Guápiles footballers
Municipal Pérez Zeledón footballers
Costa Rican expatriate footballers
Costa Rican expatriate sportspeople in China
Expatriate footballers in Norway
Expatriate footballers in China
Expatriate footballers in El Salvador
Copa Centroamericana-winning players
The concept of excessive selfishness has been recognized throughout history. The term "narcissism" is derived from the Greek mythology of Narcissus, but was only coined at the close of the nineteenth century.
Since then, narcissism has become a household word; in analytic literature, given the great preoccupation with the subject, the term is used more than almost any other'.
The meaning of narcissism has changed over time. Today narcissism "refers to an interest in or concern with the self along a broad continuum, from healthy to pathological ... including such concepts as self-esteem, self-system, and self-representation, and true or false self".
Before Freud
Narcissus was a handsome Greek youth who rejected the desperate advances of the nymph Echo. As punishment, he was doomed to fall in love with his own reflection in a pool of water. Unable to consummate his love, Narcissus 'lay gazing enraptured into the pool, hour after hour', and finally pined away, changing into a flower that bears his name, the narcissus.
The story was retold in Latin by Ovid in his Metamorphoses, in which form it would have great influence on medieval and Renaissance culture. 'Ovid's tale of Echo and Narcissus...weaves in and out of most of the English examples of the Ovidian narrative poem'; and 'allusions to the story of Narcissus...play a large part in the poetics of the Sonnets' of Shakespeare. Here the term used was 'self-love...Feed'st thy light's flame with self-substantial fuel'. Francis Bacon used the same term: 'it is the nature of extreme self-lovers, as they will set a house on fire, and it were but to roast their eggs...those that (as Cicero says of Pompey) are sui amantes sine rivali...lovers of themselves without rivals'.
Byron at the start of the nineteenth century used the same term, describing how, "Self-love for ever creeps out, like a snake, to sting anything which happens...to stumble on it." while Baudelaire wrote of 'as vigorous a growth in the heart of natural man as self-love', as well as of those who 'like Narcissuses of fat-headedness...are contemplating the crowd, as though it were a river, offering them their own image'.
By mid-century, however, egotism was perhaps an equally common expression for self-absorption: 'egotists...made acutely conscious of a self, by the torture in which it dwells'—though still with 'curious suggestions of the Narcissus legend' in the background. At the century's close, the term as we now know it finally emerged, with Havelock Ellis, the English sexologist, writing a short paper in 1927 on its coining, in which he 'argued that the priority should in fact be divided between himself and Paul Näcke, explaining that the term "narcissus-like" had been used by him in 1898 as a description of a psychological attitude, and that Näcke in 1899 had introduced the term Narcismus to describe a sexual perversion'.
The twentieth century has largely defined the concept in psychological terms, with Otto Rank publishing in 1911 the first psychoanalytical paper specifically concerned with narcissism, linking it to vanity and self-admiration.
Sigmund Freud
Ernest Jones tells us that 'at a meeting of the Vienna Psycho-Analytical Society on 10 November 1909 Freud had declared that narcissism was a necessary intermediate stage between auto-erotism and object-love'. The following year in his "Leonardo" he described publicly for the first time how 'the growing youngster...finds his love objects on the path of narcissism, since Greek myths call a youth Narcissus, whom nothing pleased so much as his own mirror image'. Although Freud only published a single paper exclusively devoted to narcissism called On Narcissism: An Introduction, in 1914, 'Narcissism was soon to take a central place in his thinking'.
Primary narcissism
Freud suggested that exclusive self-love might not be as abnormal as previously thought and might even be a common component in the human psyche. He argued that narcissism "is the libidinal complement to the egoism of the instinct of self-preservation," or, more simply, the desire and energy that drives one's instinct to survive. He referred to this as primary narcissism.
According to Freud, people are born without a sense of themselves as individuals, or ego. The ego develops during infancy and the early part of childhood, only when the outside world, usually in the form of parental controls and expectations, intrudes upon primary narcissism, teaching the individual about the nature and standards of his social environment from which he can form the ideal ego, an image of the perfect self towards which the ego should aspire. 'As it evolved, the ego distanced itself from primary narcissism, formed an ego-ideal, and proceeded to cathect objects'.
Freud regarded all libidinous drives as fundamentally sexual and suggested that ego libido (libido directed inwards to the self) cannot always be clearly distinguished from object-libido (libido directed to persons or objects outside oneself).
An aspect frequently associated with primary narcissism appears in an earlier essay, 'Totem and Taboo,' in which Freud describes his observations of children and primitive people. What he observed was called magical thinking, such as the belief that a person can impact reality by wishing or willpower. It demonstrates a belief in the self as powerful and able to change external realities, which Freud believed was part of normal human development.
Secondary narcissism
According to Freud, secondary narcissism occurs when the libido withdraws from objects outside the self, above all the mother, producing a relationship to social reality that includes the potential for megalomania. 'This megalomania has no doubt come into being at the expense of object-libido....This leads us to look upon the narcissism which arises through the drawing on of object-cathexes as a secondary one, superimposed upon a primary narcissism'. For Freud, while both primary and secondary narcissism emerge in normal human development, problems in the transition from one to the other can lead to pathological narcissistic disorders in adulthood.
"This state of secondary narcissism constituted object relations of the narcissistic type", according to Freud, something he went on to explore further in Mourning and Melancholia—considered one of Freud's most profound contributions to object relations theory, and constituting the overall principles of object relations and narcissism as concepts.
Narcissism, relationships and self-worth
According to Freud, to care for someone is to convert ego-libido into object-libido by giving some self-love to another person, which leaves less ego-libido available for primary narcissism and protecting and nurturing the self. When that affection is returned so is the libido, thus restoring primary narcissism and self-worth. Any failure to achieve, or disruption of, this balance causes psychological disturbances. In such a case, primary narcissism can be restored only by withdrawing object-libido (also called object-love) to replenish ego-libido.
According to Freud, as a child grows, and his ego develops, he is constantly giving of his self-love to people and objects, the first of which is usually his mother. This diminished self-love should be replenished by the affection and caring returned to him.
Karen Horney
Karen Horney saw narcissism quite differently from Freud, Kohut and other mainstream psychoanalytic theorists in that she did not posit a primary narcissism but saw the narcissistic personality as the product of a certain kind of early environment acting on a certain kind of temperament. For her, narcissistic needs and tendencies are not inherent in human nature.
Narcissism is different from Horney's other major defensive strategies or solutions in that it is not compensatory. Self-idealization is compensatory in her theory, but it differs from narcissism. All the defensive strategies involve self-idealization, but in the narcissistic solution it tends to be the product of indulgence rather than of deprivation. The narcissist's self-esteem is not strong, however, because it is not based on genuine accomplishments.
Heinz Kohut
Heinz Kohut explored further the implications of Freud's perception of narcissism. He maintained that a child will tend to fantasize about having a grandiose self and ideal parents. He claimed that deep down, all people retain a belief in their own perfection and the perfection of anything they are part of. As a person matures, grandiosity gives way to self-esteem, and the idealization of the parent becomes the framework for core values. It is when psychological trauma disrupts this process that the most primitive and narcissistic version of the self remains unchanged. Kohut called such conditions narcissistic personality disorder, 'in which the merging with and detaching from an archaic self-object play the central role...narcissistic union with the idealized self-object'.
Kohut suggested narcissism as part of a stage in normal development, in which caregivers provide a strong and protective presence with which the child can identify that reinforces the child's growing sense of self by mirroring his good qualities. If the caregivers fail to provide adequately for their child, the child grows up with a brittle and flawed sense of self. 'Kohut's innovative pronouncement...became a veritable manifesto in the United States....The age of "normal narcissism" had arrived'
Kohut also saw beyond the negative and pathological aspects of narcissism, believing it is a component in the development of resilience, ideals and ambition once it has been transformed by life experiences or analysis—though critics objected that his theory of how 'we become attached to ideals and values, instead of to our own archaic selves...fits the individual who escapes from bad inner negativity into idealized objects outside'.
Otto Kernberg
Otto Kernberg uses the term narcissism to refer to the role of self in the regulation of self-esteem.
He believed normal, infantile narcissism depends on the affirmation of others and the acquisition of desirable and appealing objects, which should later develop into healthy, mature self-esteem. This healthy narcissism depends upon an integrated sense of self that incorporates images of the internalized affirmation of those close to the person and is regulated by the super ego and ego ideal, internal mental structures that assure the person of his worth and that he deserves his own respect.
The failure of infantile narcissism to develop in this healthy adult form becomes a pathology.
Object relations theory
'Melanie Klein's...descriptions of infantile omnipotence and megalomania provided important insights for the clinical understanding of narcissistic states. In 1963, writing on the psychopathology of narcissism, Herbert Rosenfeld was especially concerned to arrive at a better definition of object-relationships and their attendant defense mechanisms in narcissism'.
D. W. Winnicott's 'brilliant observations of the mother-child couple [also] throw considerable light on primary narcissism, which in the young child can be viewed as the extension of the mother's narcissism.
French connections
Lacan—building on Freud's dictum that 'all narcissistic impulses operate from the ego and have their permanent seat in the ego'—used his own concept of the mirror stage to explore the narcissistic ego in terms of 'the essential structure it derives from its reference to the specular image...narcissism', in his battle against ego psychology.
'Béla Grunberger drew attention to a double orientation of narcissism—as both a need for self-affirmation and a tendency to restore permanent dependency. The active presence of narcissism throughout life led Grunberger to suggest treating it as an autonomous factor (1971)'.
'Under the evocative title Life Narcissism, Death Narcissism (1983), André Green clarified the conflict surrounding the object of narcissism (whether a fantasy object or a real object) in its relationship to the ego. For Green, it was because narcissism affords the ego a certain degree of independence...that a lethal kind of narcissism must be considered, for the object is destroyed at the beginning of this process'; while in a further analysis, 'Green evokes physical narcissism, intellectual narcissism, and moral narcissism'—a set of divisions sometimes simplified into that between 'somatic narcissists who are obsessed with the body...[&] cerebral narcissists—people who build up their sense of magnificence out of an innate feeling of intellectual superiority'.
Modern diagnosis
Narcissistic personality disorder is a condition defined in DSM-5, made by the American Psychiatric Association.
The International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems, 10th Edition (ICD-10), of the World Health Organization (WHO), lists narcissistic personality disorder (NPD) under the category of "Other specific personality disorders". The ICD-11, due to be adopted on 1 January 2022, will merge all personality disorders into one, which can be coded as "Mild", "Moderate" or "Severe".
Online usage
The success of the term narcissism has led to something of an "inflation of meanings....Some in fact exploited it as a handy term of abuse for modern culture or as a loose synonym for bloated self-esteem."
See also
References
Further reading
Bela Grunberger, Narcissism: Psychoanalytic Essays (New York 1971)
J. Sandler et al., Freud's "On Narcissism: An Introduction" (Yale UP, 1991)
External links
Elsa Schmid-Kitsikis, "Narcissistic Defenses"
Narcissism
Narcissism
Narcissism
Johnny Nicholas (born 1948) is an American blues musician. He is most noted for being a member of the Grammy Award winning group, Asleep at the Wheel.
Biography
Nicholas grew up in Rhode Island, United States, where he formed his first band, The Vikings. The band performed cover versions of popular rhythm and blues hits of the time, along with songs by the Rolling Stones. In the mid-1960s, he formed the Black Cat Blues Band with Duke Robillard, Fran Christina and Steve Nardella. Around 1970, he formed the Boogie Brothers with Nardella. After attending the Ann Arbor Blues Festival in 1970, the band eventually moved on to San Francisco, California in 1972 per-request of Commander Cody and His Lost Planet Airmen.
By 1974, Nicholas had moved to Chicago, Illinois and began playing with Big Walter Horton. During his time in Chicago, he would record music with Horton, Boogie Woogie Red and Robert Lockwood, Jr. In 1974, he created his own single, "Too Many Bad Habits" for Blind Pig Records. Moving to Providence, Rhode Island, he formed his own band, Johnny Nicholas and the Rhythm Rockers, which included Kaz Kazanoff on saxophone, Terry Bingham on drums, Sarah Brown on bass guitar and Ronnie Earl on electric guitar.
Nicholas began his stint with Asleep at the Wheel in 1978, when the band asked him to perform with them. During his off time, he would travel to various cities for solo shows, but would often visit Louisiana to play with Link Davis and Cajun accordion player Nathan Abshire.
By 1980, however, Nicholas decided to take time off from music in order to raise a family. Since 1981, Nicholas and his wife Brenda have owned and managed a roadside restaurant (formerly a gas station) called the Hill Top Café near Fredericksburg, Texas. After fathering three boys, Nicholas returned to recording blues music with Johnny Shines and Snooky Pryor on the album Back to the Country in 1991. Since then, he has released one studio album and three live albums on Topcat Records while also returning to regular live shows.
Discography
1978: Too Many Bad Habits - Blind Pig
1988: Broke Again - Hill Top Records
1994: Thrill on the Hill - Antone's
2001: Rockin' My Blues to Sleep - Topcat
2005: Livin' with the Blues - Topcat
2006: Texas All-Star: Big Band Bash - TopCat
2012: Future Blues - Bona Dea Music
2012: The Golden Triangle: Swamp Blues - TopCat
2016: Fresh Air
2017: Too Many Bad Habits - Rerelease
2020: Mistaken Identity - Valcour Records
References
External links
Nicholas's official site
Future Blues Digital Downloads site
Bona Dea Music Store
Illustrated old discography of Nicholas
1948 births
Living people
American blues guitarists
American male guitarists
Guitarists from Texas
Guitarists from Rhode Island
Contemporary blues musicians
American blues mandolinists
American blues pianists
American male pianists
American blues harmonica players
20th-century American guitarists
20th-century American pianists
21st-century American pianists
20th-century American male musicians
21st-century American male musicians
Blind Pig Records artists
Dorothy Norris née Harrop (?-?) was an English biochemist who worked on yeast fermentation, protein chemistry, and was a pioneer in the study of carcinogens. She moved to India where she worked at the Indian Institute of Science before becoming the founding director of the Indian Lac Research Institute at Ranchi.
Dorothy Harrop worked with Sir Arthur Harden at the Lister Institute on yeast fermentation, bacterial enzyme chemistry, growth, and on protein reactions. She also worked on the effects of coal tar on cell cultures and noted increased cell division ("auxetic activity") an known indicator of cancer.
She moved to India in 1917 along with her husband Roland Victor Norris and was the first woman faculty member at the Indian Institute of Science. In 1924-25 the Indian Lac Research Institute was established at Namkum, Ranchi where Norris was appointed its first director.
References
English biochemists
Cancer researchers
Indian Institute of Science faculty
Otter Lake is a community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
References
Explore HRM
Communities in Halifax, Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
Cubi VII is a sculpture by David Smith in the Art Institute of Chicago North Stanley McCormick Memorial Court (aka North Garden) north of the Art Institute of Chicago Building in the Loop community area of Chicago, Illinois.
It is a stainless steel work of art created in 1963 and part of the Cubi series of stainless steel works housed around the world.
See also
List of public art in Chicago
Notes
1963 sculptures
Outdoor sculptures in Chicago
Sculptures by David Smith
Sculptures of the Art Institute of Chicago
Steel sculptures in Illinois
Kosmos 919 ( meaning Cosmos 919), also known as DS-P1-I No.19 was a satellite which was used as a radar target for anti-ballistic missile tests. It was launched by the Soviet Union in 1977 as part of the Dnepropetrovsk Sputnik programme.
It was launched aboard a Kosmos-2I 63SM rocket, from Site 133/1 at Plesetsk. The launch occurred at 10:30 UTC on 18 June 1977. It was the final flight of the Kosmos-2I carrier rocket, and the final flight of an R-12 family rocket. Kosmos launches continued using the R-14-derived Kosmos-3M. It also marked the last launch from Plesetsk Site 133/1 until it was rebuilt as Site 133/3 in 1985.
Kosmos 919 was placed into a low Earth orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , 71 degrees of inclination, and an orbital period of 95.6 minutes. It decayed from orbit on 28 August 1978.
Kosmos 919 was the last of nineteen DS-P1-I satellites to be launched. Of these, all reached orbit successfully except the seventh.
See also
1977 in spaceflight
References
1977 in spaceflight
Kosmos satellites
Spacecraft launched in 1977
Dnepropetrovsk Sputnik program
Stonehouse Town Football Club is a football club based in Stonehouse, Gloucestershire, England. They are currently members of the and play at the Magpies Stadium.
History
The club was established in 1898. They joined the Dursley & District League, and were champions in 1900–01. After moving to the Stroud & District League, the club were champions in 1908–09. After World War I they also entered a team in the North Gloucestershire League. In the Stroud & District League the club were champions in 1919–20 and 1920–21, whilst in the North Gloucestershire League they won the title in 1919–20 and finished as runners-up in the next two seasons. In 1922 the club were founder members of the Gloucestershire Northern Senior League, which they played in until 1927. After winning the Stroud League title again in 1927–28, the club returned to the Gloucestershire Northern Senior League in 1931 and were champions in 1934–35, 1935–36 and 1936–37 (also winning the Gloucestershire Senior Amateur Cup in the latter season), before finishing as runners-up in 1938–39.
In 1947 Stonehouse moved up to Division Two of the Western League. They were Division Two champions in 1950–51, earning promotion to Division One. However, after finishing second-from-bottom of Division One in 1953–54, the club were relegated back to Division Two. Despite finishing as runners-up in the division in 1959–60, the club dropped into Division One of the Wiltshire League. They were Wiltshire League champions in 1967–68, after which the club became founder members of the Gloucestershire County League.
Stonehouse were the inaugural champions of the Gloucestershire County League and won the Gloucestershire Senior Amateur Cup in 1972–73, but finished bottom of the league in 1975–76, 1976–77, 1980–81, 1981–82, 1982–83 and 1983–84. After finishing last for a sixth time in 1987–88, the club left the league and returned to the Gloucestershire Northern Senior League. In 2008–09 they were Division Two champions, earning promotion to Division One. The club were Gloucestershire Senior Amateur Cup winners and Division One runners-up, earning promotion back to the Gloucestershire County League. Following a third-place finish in the Gloucestershire County League, they were promoted to Division One West of the Hellenic League.
Ground
The club originally played at the Recreation Ground on Regent Street. In 1949 they moved to Oldends Lane, with the ground officially opened on 25 August 1949 by England captain Billy Wright prior to a friendly match against Cheltenham Town.
Honours
Western League
Division Two champions 1950–51
Gloucestershire County League
Champions 1968–69
Wiltshire League
Division One champions 1967–68
Gloucestershire Northern Senior League
Champions 1934–35, 1935–36, 1936–37
Division Two champions 2008–09
North Gloucestershire League
Champions 1919–20
Stroud & District League
Champions 1908–09, 1920–21, 1927–28
Dursley & District League
Champions 1900–01
Gloucestershire Senior Amateur Cup
Winners 1936–37, 1972–73, 2015–16
Gloucestershire Northern Senior Challenge Cup
Winners 1953–54
Records
Best FA Cup performance: Second qualifying round, 1950–51, 1958–59, 1965–66, 1966–67, 1969–70, 1971–72, 1973–74
Best FA Trophy performance: First round, 1969–70
Best FA Vase performance: Second round, 1975–76
Record attendance: 5,500 vs Gloucester City, FA Cup second qualifying round, 29 September 1951
References
External links
Official website
Football clubs in England
Football clubs in Gloucestershire
1898 establishments in England
Stroud and District Football League
North Gloucestershire Association Football League
Gloucestershire Northern Senior League
Western Football League
Gloucestershire County Football League
Hellenic Football League
David Coombs Dunlap (November 19, 1910 – December 16, 1994) was an American rower who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
In 1932, he won the gold medal as member of the American boat in the eights competition.
External links
Profile
1910 births
1994 deaths
Rowers at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for the United States in rowing
American male rowers
Medalists at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Our Girl is a British television military drama series, written and created by Tony Grounds, first broadcast on BBC One on 24 March 2013. Following a feature-length pilot episode, a full series of five episodes was commissioned, commencing broadcast on 21 September 2014.
Series overview
Episodes
Pilot (2013)
Series 1 (2014)
Series 2 (2016)
Series 3 (2017–18)
Series 4 (2020)
Footnotes
References
External links
Our Girl at BBC Programmes
Our Girl
Thomas Evans Dimmick (born May 1, 1931) was an American and Canadian football player who played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats, Philadelphia Eagles and Dallas Texans. He won the Grey Cup with Hamilton in 1957. He played college football University of Houston and was drafted in the 1956 NFL draft by the Eagles (Round 10, #113 overall). He started off his career with them in 1956 before going to Hamilton to play for the 1957 season. He then played for Dallas in the American Football League in 1960.
References
1931 births
Hamilton Tiger-Cats players
Living people
Philadelphia Eagles players
University of Houston alumni
SMS Elbing was a light cruiser ordered by the Imperial Russian navy under the name Admiral Nevelskoy from the Schichau-Werke shipyard in Danzig in 1913. Following the outbreak of World War I, the ship was confiscated in August 1914 and launched on 21 November 1914 as SMS Elbing. She had one sister ship, , the lead ship of their class. The ship was commissioned into the High Seas Fleet in September 1915. She was armed with a main battery of eight 15 cm SK L/45 guns and had a top speed of .
Elbing participated in only two major operations during her career. The first, the bombardment of Yarmouth and Lowestoft, occurred in April 1916; there, she briefly engaged the British Harwich Force. A month later, she took part in the Battle of Jutland, where she scored the first hit of the engagement. She was heavily engaged in the confused fighting on the night of 31 May – 1 June, and shortly after midnight she was accidentally rammed by the battleship , which tore a hole in the ship's hull. Flooding disabled the ship's engines and electrical generators, rendering her immobilized and without power. At around 02:00, a German torpedo boat took off most of her crew, and an hour later the remaining men scuttled the ship; they escaped in the ship's cutter and were later picked up by a Dutch steamer.
Design
Elbing was long overall and had a beam of and a draft of forward. She displaced at full load. Her propulsion system consisted of two sets of Marine steam turbines driving two propellers. They were designed to give . These were powered by six coal-fired Yarrow water-tube boilers, and four oil-fired Yarrow boilers. These gave the ship a top speed of . Elbing carried of coal, and an additional of oil that gave her a range of approximately at . Elbing had a standard crew of twenty-one officers and 421 enlisted men, though this was expanded in wartime.
The ship was armed with eight SK L/45 guns in single pedestal mounts. Two were placed side by side forward on the forecastle, four were located amidships, two on either side, and two were side by side aft. She also carried four SK L/55 anti-aircraft guns, though these were replaced with a pair of two SK L/45 anti-aircraft guns. She was also equipped with a pair of torpedo tubes mounted on the deck. She could also carry 120 mines. The conning tower had thick sides, and the deck was covered with up to thick armor plate.
Service history
Elbing was ordered by the Imperial Russian Navy as Admiral Nevelskoy from the Schichau-Werke shipyard in Danzig. She was laid down in 1913, requisitioned by the German Navy on 5 August 1914, and was renamed Elbing. She was launched on 21 November 1914, after which fitting-out work commenced. She was commissioned into the High Seas Fleet on 4 September 1915.
After her commissioning, Elbing was assigned to II Scouting Group, which typically operated alongside the battlecruisers of I Scouting Group. Her first major operation was the bombardment of Yarmouth and Lowestoft on 24–25 April. On the approach to Lowestoft, Elbing and spotted the Harwich Force, a squadron of three light cruisers and eighteen destroyers, approaching the German formation from the south at 04:50. Rear Admiral Friedrich Boedicker, the German commander, initially ordered his battlecruisers to continue with the bombardment, while Elbing and the other five light cruisers concentrated to engage the Harwich Force. At around 05:30, the British and German light forces clashed, firing mostly at long range. The battlecruisers arrived on the scene at 05:47, prompting the British squadron to retreat at high speed. A light cruiser and destroyer were damaged before Boedicker broke off the engagement after receiving reports of submarines in the area.
Battle of Jutland
In May 1916, Admiral Reinhard Scheer, the fleet commander, planned to lure a portion of the British fleet away from its bases and destroy it with the entire High Seas Fleet. Elbing remained in II Scouting Group, attached to I Scouting Group, for the operation. The squadron left the Jade roadstead at 02:00 on 31 May, bound for the waters of the Skagerrak. The main body of the fleet followed an hour and a half later. At 15:00, lookouts on Elbing spotted the Danish steamer N. J. Fjord; Elbing detached a pair of torpedo boats to investigate the steamer. Two British cruisers, and , were simultaneously steaming to inspect the steamer, and upon spotting the German torpedo boats, opened fire shortly before 15:30. Elbing turned to support the destroyers, opening fire at 15:32. She quickly scored the first hit of the battle, on Galatea, though the shell failed to explode. The British turned to the north back toward the 1st Battlecruiser Squadron, with Elbing still firing at long range. She was joined by and , but the three cruisers had to cease fire by 16:17, as the British had drawn out of range. About fifteen minutes later, the three cruisers engaged a seaplane launched by the seaplane tender . They failed to score any hits, but the aircraft was forced off after which its engine broke down and it was forced to land. The three cruisers then returned to their stations ahead of the German battlecruisers.
At around 18:30, Elbing and the rest of II Scouting Group encountered the cruiser ; they opened fire and scored several hits on the ship. As both sides' cruisers disengaged, Rear Admiral Horace Hood's three battlecruisers intervened. His flagship scored a hit on Wiesbaden that exploded in her engine room and disabled the ship. Elbing and Frankfurt each fired a torpedo at the British battlecruisers, though both missed. Elbing was briefly engaged by the battlecruisers at very long range, though she was not hit. At around 20:15, Elbing lost her port engine due to leaks in her boiler condensers. This limited her speed to for the next four hours.
II Scouting Group, along with the battlecruisers and had been ordered to take station ahead of the German line for its night cruising formation. Elbing was still having problems with her boiler condensers, and was unable to keep up the speed necessary to reach the front of the line, and so she fell in with IV Scouting Group. At 23:15, Elbing and spotted the British cruiser and several destroyers. They used the British recognition signal and closed to before turning on their searchlights and opening fire. Castor was hit seven times and set on fire, forcing the British to turn away. As they did, they fired several torpedoes at Elbing and Hamburg. One passed underneath Elbing but failed to explode. While this engagement was still on-going, the 2nd Light Cruiser Squadron arrived and engaged IV Scouting Group. Elbing was hit once, which destroyed her wireless transmitting station and killed four men and wounded twelve.
Shortly after midnight, the German fleet ran into the British rear destroyer screen. Elbing was by this time steaming on the port side of the German line along with Hamburg and Rostock. The dreadnought —the first ship in the German line—opened fire first, followed quickly by Elbing, the other two cruisers, and the battleships and . The British destroyers launched a torpedo attack, which forced the three cruisers to turn too starboard to avoid them. This pointed the cruisers directly at the German line. Elbing attempted to steam between Nassau and , but Posens captain wasn't aware of the movement until it was too late to avoid a collision. Posen turned hard to starboard, but still collided with Elbings starboard quarter. The cruiser was holed below the waterline, which flooded the starboard engine room first. She initially took on a list of eighteen degrees, which allowed water to spread to the port engine room. With the engines shut down, steam began to condense in the pipes, which disabled the electric generators and caused the ship to lose electrical power. As water spread throughout the ship's engine compartments, the list was reduced. The ship was completely immobilized, though she was not in danger of sinking.
At 02:00, the torpedo boat came alongside and took off 477 officers and men of Elbings crew. Her commander and a small group of officers and men remained on board. They rigged an improvised sail in an attempt to bring the ship closer to shore, but at around 03:00, British destroyers were spotted to the south and the order to scuttle the ship was given. They then lowered the ship's cutter into the water and set off; while steaming back to port, they rescued the surgeon from the destroyer . At around 07:00, a Dutch trawler met the cutter and took the men to Holland. In the course of the Battle of Jutland, Elbing had fired 230 rounds of 15 cm ammunition and a single torpedo. Four of her crew were killed and twelve more were wounded.
Footnotes
References
Further reading
Pillau-class cruisers
Ships built in Danzig
1914 ships
World War I cruisers of Germany
Maritime incidents in 1916
Ships sunk at the Battle of Jutland
Ships built by Schichau
Western Oblast was an early oblast of Russian SFSR.
Initially it was based on Vilno, Vitebsk, Mogilev, and Minsk Gubernias of the Russian Empire, capital Minsk. In April 1918, Smolensk Governorate was included and capital moved to Smolensk. In September 1918 it was renamed into Western Commune
The Western Oblast was formalized as part of the RSFSR for by the Administrative Commission of VTsIK on December 23, 1918. But very soon, on January 1, 1919, was superseded by Socialist Soviet Republic of Byelorussia.
See also
Western Oblast
Western Krai
References
1918 in Belarus
Former administrative units of Russia
KSXE may refer to:
KSXE-LD, a low-power television station (channel 16) licensed to serve Sioux City, Iowa, United States; see List of television stations in Iowa
KUFW (FM), a radio station (106.3 FM) licensed to serve Kingsburg, California, United States, which held the call sign KSXE in 2007
Jasper is a specialized municipality and townsite in western Alberta within the Canadian Rockies. The townsite is in the Athabasca River valley and is the commercial centre of Jasper National Park.
History
Established in 1813, Jasper House was first a fur trade outpost of the North West Company, and later Hudson's Bay Company, on the York Factory Express trade route to what was then called "New Caledonia" (now British Columbia) and Fort Vancouver on the lower Columbia River. Jasper House was 35 km north of today's town of Jasper.
Jasper Forest Park was established in 1907. The railway siding at the location of the future townsite was established by the Grand Trunk Pacific Railway in 1911 and originally named Fitzhugh after a Grand Trunk vice president (along the Grand Trunk's "alphabet" line). The Canadian Northern Railway began service to its Jasper Park station in 1912, about 700 m from GTP's Fitzhugh station. The townsite was surveyed in 1913 by H. Matheson. It was renamed Jasper after the former fur trade post. An internment camp was set up at Dominion Park in Jasper from February 1916 to August 1916.
Jasper Forest Park was renamed Jasper National Park in 1930. By 1931, Jasper was accessible by road from Edmonton. In 1940, the scenic Icefields Parkway opened, connecting Jasper to Lake Louise and Banff in Banff National Park.
The first step towards incorporation of Jasper occurred on August 31, 1995, when the Jasper Improvement District was formed from a portion of Improvement District No. 12 (Jasper National Park). The improvement district was subsequently incorporated as a specialized municipality under the name of the Municipality of Jasper on July 20, 2001. The incorporation order established the Jasper townsite as the Town of Jasper and the surrounding balance of the specialized municipality as a rural service area that was deemed equivalent to a municipal district.
Geography
The Municipality of Jasper is in the western portion of the province of Alberta within Jasper National Park. It borders the province of British Columbia to the west and Improvement District No. 12 to the north, east, and south. The Athabasca River, which originates from the Columbia Icefield, meanders northward through the municipality. The Miette River, Maligne River, and Snaring River all discharge into the Athabasca River within the Municipality of Jasper's limits.
The Jasper townsite, which is approximately west of Edmonton, north of Banff, and east of the Yellowhead Pass, is at the intersection of Highway 16 (Yellowhead Highway) and Highway 93 (Icefields Parkway). It is near the confluence of the Athabasca River and Miette River. It lies between the Victoria Cross Ranges (northwest), Pyramid Mountain (north), Maligne Range (southeast) and Trident Ridge (southwest). Lakes near the Jasper townsite include Pyramid Lake, Patricia Lake, Lake Annette, Lake Edith, Lac Beauvert, Maligne Lake, and Medicine Lake.
Localities
The following localities are located within the Municipality of Jasper.
Bedson
Decoigne
Geikie
Henry House
Jasper
Jasper Lodge
Jasper National Park
Jasper Park Lodge
Medicine Lake
Miette Hot Springs
Sixth Bridge
Wynd
Climate
Jasper experiences a borderline Humid Continental/Subarctic climate (Köppen climate classification Dfb/Dfc). The highest temperature ever recorded in Jasper was on June 30, 2021. The coldest temperature ever recorded was on January 24, 1916.
Summers in Jasper are pleasant, with daily highs usually around 21.1 °C (70 °F) and lows around 7.2 °C (45 °F). Winters are cold, though may be considered mild by Canadian standards, with daily highs around -2.2 °C (28 °F) and lows around -11.7 °C (11 °F).
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, the Municipality of Jasper had a population of 4,738 living in 1,674 of its 1,910 total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of 4,590. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
In the 2016 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, the Municipality of Jasper had a population of 4,590 living in 1,576 of its 1,702 total private dwellings, a change of from its 2011 population of 4,432. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2016.
The population of the Municipality of Jasper according to its 2011 municipal census is 5,236, a change of 10.3% over its 2008 municipal census population of 4,745. Jasper's 2011 population of 5,236 comprises 4,584 permanent and 652 non-permanent residents, while its 2007 census counted 4,235 permanent and 510 non-permanent residents.
Attractions
The Fairmont Jasper Park Lodge, the Marmot Basin ski resort, and the Jasper Skytram, which carries visitors to The Whistlers' summit, are all near the townsite. Within the Jasper townsite are the Jasper Visitor Centre and the Jasper-Yellowhead Museum and Archives.
Government
Governance of Jasper is shared between the municipality and Parks Canada, an agency of the federal government.
Infrastructure
Transportation
Jasper railway station is served by Via Rail with two passenger services. The Canadian and the Jasper–Prince Rupert train both operate three times per week.
Jasper Airport is located north of Jasper.
Education
Jasper's educational services are provided by:
Grande Yellowhead Public School Division No. 77
Jasper Elementary School (K–6 English & French Immersion)
Jasper Junior Senior High School (7–12 English & French Immersion)
Greater North Central Francophone Education Region No. 2
École Desrochers (K–12)
Media
Newspapers
Jasper Fitzhugh (locally-owned weekly)
The Local (locally owned weekly)
Radio
Television
Sister cities
Hakone, Kanagawa, since July 4, 1972
Notable people
Ian Herbers, NHL hockey player
John Hilworth, NHL hockey player
Erin Karpluk, actress
Loni Klettl, Olympic Alpine skier - 1980 Lake Placid downhill
Wyatt Tremblay, editorial cartoonist
Brian Young, NHL hockey player
See also
Jasper to Banff Relay
List of communities in Alberta
List of historic places in Alberta's Rockies
List of specialized municipalities in Alberta
References
External links
1813 establishments in Canada
1995 establishments in Alberta
Hudson's Bay Company trading posts
Jasper National Park
Populated places established in 1813
Specialized municipalities in Alberta
The 1982 Bexley Council election took place on 6 May 1982 to elect members of Bexley London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1982
1982 London Borough council elections
May 1982 events in the United Kingdom
Leo Michelson (; 12 May 1887 – 10 April 1978) was a Latvian-American artist considered part of the École de Paris, although his works span many periods and styles.
Biography
Michelson was born in Riga, Latvia. He attended the Imperial Academy in St. Petersburg, Russia, and then the University of Tartu in Tartu, Estonia.
The Russian Revolution of 1917 forced Michelson to leave Russia for Munich, Germany, where he participated in the beginnings of German Expressionism.
By 1920 Michelson was living in Paris and had established an international reputation for his paintings, prints, and sculptures. As a prominent member of the Paris School his works were shown in major exhibits throughout Western Europe, the Soviet Union, and the United States. After the fall of Paris to Nazi Germany in 1939, Michelson fled to New York City, where he spent the rest of his life.
Michelson is described as an "eternal emigrant, eternal student" because he was always studying and experimenting with new styles. Michelson actually carried crayons with him so he could sketch where ever he was. Art historians have compared Michelson to both Chagall and Picasso, but it was Titian who Michelson said was his inspiration.
Michelson painted over 1,000 paintings. He died on 10 April 1978. His widow, Janine, selected Marshall, Texas, as the permanent home for her late husband's works. in what is known as the Michelson Museum of Art
External links
Michelson Museum of Art
References
1887 births
1978 deaths
Artists from Riga
People from the Governorate of Livonia
Jews from the Russian Empire
Jewish American artists
Jewish painters
Emigrants from the Russian Empire to Germany
Marshall, Texas
20th-century French painters
20th-century French male artists
French male painters
German emigrants to France
French emigrants to the United States
19th-century French male artists
Major-General Andrew Richard Evelyn De Cardonnel Stewart (born 1952) is a former British Army officer who became General Officer Commanding Multi-National Division (South East), Iraq.
Military career
Educated at Felsted School, Stewart was commissioned into the 13th/18th Hussars in 1972. He became Commander of 7th Armoured Brigade in December 1996, Assistant Chief of Staff (Operations) at Permanent Joint Headquarters in Northwood November 1999 and Director of Military Assistance Overseas at the Ministry of Defence in December 2001. He was deployed as General Officer Commanding Multi-National Division (South East), Iraq in December 2003 and became Assistant Chief of the Defence Staff (Policy) in 2004. He retired in 2008.
References
1952 births
British Army generals
Companions of the Order of the Bath
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
People educated at Felsted School
Living people
13th/18th Royal Hussars officers
Light Dragoons officers
Ketonic decarboxylation (also known as decarboxylative ketonization) is a type of organic reaction and a decarboxylation converting two equivalents of a carboxylic acid to a symmetric ketone by the application of heat with expulsion of one equivalent of water and one equivalent of carbon dioxide. Bases promote this reaction. The reaction mechanism likely involves nucleophilic attack of the alpha-carbon of one acid group on the other acid group's carbonyl, possibly as a concerted reaction with the decarboxylation. The initial formation of an intermediate carbanion with decarboxylation from one acid group prior to the nucleophilic attack has been proposed, but is unlikely since the byproduct resulting from the carbanion's protonation by the acid has never been reported. This reaction is different from oxidative decarboxylation, which proceeds through a radical mechanism and is characterised by a different product distribution in isotopic labeling experiments with two different carboxylic acids. With two different carboxylic acids, the reaction behaves poorly because of poor selectivity except when one of the acids (for example, a small, volatile one) is used in large excess.
Examples
The dry distillation of calcium acetate to acetone was reported by Charles Friedel in 1858 and until World War I ketonization was the premier commercial method for its production.
Ketonic decarboxylation of propanoic acid over a manganese(II) oxide catalyst in a tube furnace affords the 3-pentanone. Of commercial importance is the production of 3-pentanone from propionic acid with catalysts cerium(IV) oxide and manganese dioxide on alumina. 5-Nonanone, which is potentially of interest as a diesel fuel, can be produced valeric acid. The valeric acid in turn can be obtained from fructose.
An example of intramolecular ketonization is the conversion of adipic acid to cyclopentanone with barium hydroxide.
The synthesis of 4-heptanone illustrates the production of the metal carboxylate in situ. Iron powder and butyric acid are converted to iron butyrate. Pyrolysis of that salt gives the ketone.
References
Organic reactions
Nadia Kassem (born 15 November 1995) is an Australian mixed martial artist and currently fights in the strawweight division. She has previously fought for the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC).
Background
Kassem was born in Wentworthville, New South Wales, Australia. Kassem is of Lebanese descent. Her grandparents migrated from Lebanon to Australia in the 1970s. She trained in Taekwondo and played rugby and softball when she was young. She was inspired by The Ultimate Fighter: Team Rousey vs. Team Tate TV series, but only started training MMA after watching her brother compete in grappling tournaments. Nadia started competing in amateur MMA not long after and turned pro. She had a record of 4–0 prior to signing with the UFC.
Mixed martial arts career
Early career
Kassem fought in the Australian circuit under Urban Fight Night and Australia Regional promotion. She amassed an undefeated record of 4–0 prior to being signed by the UFC.
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Kassem was expected to make her promotional debut on 11 June 2017 at UFC Fight Night: Lewis vs. Hunt in Auckland, New Zealand against JJ Aldrich, but was removed from the card, citing injury, and replaced by Chan-Mi Jeon.
Kassem faced Alex Chambers at UFC Fight Night: Werdum vs. Tybura on 19 November 2017 in Sydney, Australia. At the weight-ins, Kassem weighed in at 120 pounds, 4 pounds over the strawweight upper limit for non-title fights of 116 pounds. The bout proceeded at a catchweight and Kassem forfeited 30% of her purse to Chambers. She won the fight by unanimous decision.
Kassem was scheduled to face Xiaonan Yan on 13 June 2018 at UFC Fight Night 132, however, she was pulled from the event due to injury.
Kassem faced Montana De La Rosa on 10 February 2019 at UFC 234.
She lost the fight via armbar in the second round.
Kassem faced Ji Yeon Kim on 6 October 2019 at UFC 243. At the weigh-ins, Kim weighed 128 pounds, 2 pounds over the flyweight non-title fight limit of 126. She was fined 30% of her purse, which went to her opponent Kassem. The bout proceeded at catchweight. She lost the fight via technical knockout in round two. Kassem faced heavy criticism due to faking a glove touch in the beginning of the opening round, despite being dropped seconds later.
Kassem was scheduled to face Miranda Granger on August 8, 2020 at UFC Fight Night 174.
On October 7, 2020 it was reported Kassem was released by UFC.
Personal life
Her moniker "187" comes from the California Penal Code Section 187, which defines murder.
Mixed martial arts record
|-
|Loss
|align=center|5–2
|Ji Yeon Kim
|KO (punch to the body)
|UFC 243
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|4:59
|Melbourne, Australia
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|5–1
|Montana De La Rosa
|Submission (armbar)
|UFC 234
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|2:37
|Melbourne, Australia
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|5–0
|Alex Chambers
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC Fight Night: Werdum vs. Tybura
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Sydney, Australia
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|4–0
|Jasita Yotawan
|TKO (punches)
|JNI Promotions: 1 on 1
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|1:27
|Hurstville, Australia
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|3–0
|Leigha Aurisch
|TKO (head kick and punches)
|Urban Fight Night 9: Fight of the Nations
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|0:19
|Liverpool, Australia
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|2–0
|Belinda Sedgewick
|KO (spinning backfist)
|Urban Fight Night 5
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|0:10
|Liverpool, Australia
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|1–0
|Jiang Zhu
|KO (punch)
|JNI Promotions: The Century
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|0:26
|Hurstville, Australia
|
See also
List of female mixed martial artists
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Australian female mixed martial artists
Flyweight mixed martial artists
Strawweight mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists utilizing boxing
Mixed martial artists utilizing Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Australian practitioners of Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Female Brazilian jiu-jitsu practitioners
Sportspeople from Sydney
Sportswomen from New South Wales
Australian people of Lebanese descent
Ultimate Fighting Championship female fighters
The Tolmie Peak Fire Lookout is one of four fire lookout stations built in Mount Rainier National Park by the United States National Park Service (NPS) between 1932 and 1934. The two-story structure houses a lookout station on the upper level and storage at ground level. The design was prepared under the supervision of Edwin A. Nickel of the NPS Branch of Plans and Designs. The newly completed structure lost its roof to a windstorm and had to be repaired. It is secured against strong winds by cables attached to deadmen. The wood-frame structure is used as a visitor contact point on weekends.
The Tolmie Peak Lookout was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 13, 1991. It is part of the Mount Rainier National Historic Landmark District, which encompasses the entire park and which recognizes the park's inventory of Park Service-designed rustic architecture.
References
External links
Tolmie Peak Lookout at National Geographic Traveler
Buildings and structures in Pierce County, Washington
Buildings and structures in Mount Rainier National Park
Fire lookout towers on the National Register of Historic Places in Washington (state)
Government buildings completed in 1933
Towers completed in 1933
National Register of Historic Places in Mount Rainier National Park
1933 establishments in Washington (state)
Second Empire architecture in Europe is an architectural style rooted in the 16th-century Renaissance, which grew to its greatest popularity in Europe in the second half of the nineteenth century and early years of the twentieth century. As the style evolved from its origins, it acquired a mix of European styles, most notably the Baroque, often combined with mansard roofs and low, square based domes. It derived its name from the era of the Second French Empire.
Development
The Second Empire style quickly spread throughout Europe and evolved as a loose form of Baroque Revival architecture, where its suitability for super-scaling allowed it to be widely used in the design of municipal and corporate buildings
The style is particularly prominent in Paris and Vienna, both of which were heavily redeveloped in the late 19th century. Rome also saw a huge expansion after the Risorgimento, where the Bank of Italy designed by Gaetano Koch is a notable example.
Second Empire became popular in Britain at the end of the nineteenth century, where it emerged as a fusion of the architecture of the classical Renaissance exemplified by Christopher Wren and the solid mass Baroque of John Vanbrugh, decorated with some of the more ornate Baroque motifs previously found only on mainland Europe. It often featured a low dome, a once complex architectural feat rendered less difficult through the use of iron and reinforced concrete.
In London, the style is exemplified by Methodist Central Hall, Westminster, designed by Edwin Alfred Rickards of the firm Lanchester, Stewart and Rickards. It is an early example of the use of a reinforced concrete frame for a building in Britain. The interior was similarly planned on a Piranesian scale, although the execution was rather more economical.
See also
Beaux-Arts architecture
Second Empire architecture in the United States and Canada
References
Copplestone, Trewin (1963). World Architecture. Hamlyn.
01
Architecture
House styles
Modern history of France
Neoclassical movements
Revival architectural styles
Victorian architectural styles
James Remley Morris (January 10, 1819 – December 24, 1899) was an American lawyer and politician who served as a U.S. Representative from Ohio during the Civil War from 1861 to 1865.
He was the son of Joseph Morris, who was also a member of Congress.
Early life and career
Born in Rogersville, Pennsylvania, Morris attended the public schools.
He moved with his parents to Waynesburg, Ohio, in 1829.
He moved to Woodsfield, Ohio the next year.
He served two years' apprenticeship at the printing trade in 1833 and 1834.
He studied under private tutor until 1839.
He studied law.
He was admitted to the bar in 1843 and commenced practice at Woodsfield.
Political career
He was appointed county treasurer to fill the unexpired term of his father, who had been elected to Congress.
He was editor and manager of the Spirit of Democracy 1844-1848.
He served as member of the State house of representatives in 1848.
He served as member of the Ohio State Board of Equalization in 1859.
Congress
Morris was elected as a Democrat to the Thirty-seventh and Thirty-eighth Congresses (March 4, 1861 – March 3, 1865).
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1864 to the Thirty-ninth Congress.
Later career and death
He resumed the practice of his profession at Woodsfield.
He served as judge of the probate court 1872-1877.
Postmaster 1886-1889.
Death
He died in Woodsfield, Ohio, December 24, 1899.
He was interred in Morris Cemetery, near Woodsfield.
Sources
1819 births
1899 deaths
People from Greene County, Pennsylvania
Ohio lawyers
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
19th-century American politicians
People from Woodsfield, Ohio
19th-century American lawyers
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Krzemieniec Lyceum (; ; ); sometimes referred to as "the Volhynian Athens" and "Czacki's School") was a renowned Polish secondary school which existed 1805-31 and later, in the Interbellum, in 1922-39 in Krzemieniec (now Kremenets in Ukraine).
Founding
The school was founded, with help from Hugo Kołłątaj, by Tadeusz Czacki, who in the early 19th century was director of the school districts of three guberniyas of the Russian Empire: Volhynia Guberniya, Podolia Guberniya, and Kiev Guberniya. Czacki was directed to establish the school by the liberal Tsar Alexander I. The Russian ruler announced the school's creation on 18 May 1803. It was organized under the supervision of then-thriving Wilno University.
The school was located in buildings of a former Jesuit college and in a palace of the Wiśniowiecki family. The school served as an educational center for the southeastern part of the former Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth (which had been partitioned out of existence in the late 18th century by Russia, Prussia and Austria). The school offered education from elementary through secondary school.
Czacki chose Kremenets because it was located near the Russian-Austrian border and so could also attract students from Austrian Galicia. Allegedly he had considered Lutsk as the site, but the presence there of a Russian army garrison was considered undesirable. Krzemieniec also offered a major advantage over neighboring cities such as Dubno and Zytomierz: the massive complex of former Jesuit-college buildings.
1805-31
The school was originally called the "Volhynian Gymnasium"; in 1819 the name was changed to "Krzemieniec Lyceum". The faculty included such notable figures as Joachim Lelewel, Józef Korzeniowski and Euzebiusz Słowacki (father of the famous poet Juliusz Słowacki). There was only one foreign teacher, the Lemberg-educated Austrian, Willibald Besser, who taught botany and zoology. Czacki required him to perfect his Polish, as all teaching was in the Polish language. Not all students were Poles, however; the student body included many Jews and Ukrainians.
The school was proud of its library, which was based on the library of Poland's last king, Stanisław August Poniatowski, and held 34,388 books, maps and manuscripts, some very rare. The school offered a broad educational program, aimed not only at formal instruction but also at students' general intellectual development. Many students learned English, a language favored by Adam Czartoryski. The best students were given opportunities to continue their education in Edinburgh and at English universities. One of those who received a scholarship to study in Edinburgh was Michal Wiszniewski, who later became a professor of logic.
Tadeusz Czacki dreamed of the school eventually developing into a university. It grew quickly, establishing its position. Numerous donors helped with money, and the school had a modern astronomical observatory and excellent laboratories. The campus stood within a well-kept botanical garden with 8,350 kinds of plants. Seeds were given for free to landowners across Volhynia.
After its 1820s heyday, the school went into decline. In the wake of the November 1830 Uprising, as a reprisal, it was closed by the Russian authorities. Several professors and the library were transferred to newly created Kiev University. The Russians even moved the renowned botanical gardens to Kiev by horse-cart.
1922-39
After World War I, Józef Piłsudski ordered the school's re-establishment, and it reopened in 1922. It soon gained a reputation as one of the better educational institutions in eastern Poland. It enjoyed a special status as a separate entity, with its own real estate. It was not exclusively a secondary school; it included three kindergartens, an elementary school, an agricultural secondary school, a teacher's college, two community colleges, and a library.
The school was not limited to Krzemieniec, but included facilities across Dubno and Kowel counties. In 1935 the schools had some 1,000 students, and Krzemieniec was a major cultural and educational center for Volhynia Province.
The school was closed by Soviet occupation authorities in September 1939, after the German and Soviet invasions of Poland.
In 1941, 30 Polish intellectuals connected with the school, mostly teachers, were executed by the Germans, based on a list given them by Ukrainian nationalists.
Sources
Liceum Krzemienieckie
Photo of the school
"Stowarzyszenie Wspólnota Polska"
KRZEMIENIECKIE LICEUM
External links
PolishMoviesOnline.com
Defunct schools in Poland
Kremenets
Schools in Ukraine
Education in Ternopil Oblast
1805 establishments in Ukraine
1939 disestablishments in Ukraine
The Argentina national cerebral palsy football team (nicknamed Los Tigres) is the national football team that represents Argentina in international competitions. The team is managed by the "Argentine Cerebral Palsy Football Federation" (FAFPC). Their best world ranking sixth and their lowest was ninth. Argentina has competed at both the IFCPF World Championships and the Paralympic Games, but has never finished in the medals in either event.
Overview
In 2012, the team was coached by Osvaldo Hernández. In February 2014, an IFCPF coaching workshop was held in Brazil to try to further develop the sport. Chilean, Brazilian and Argentine coaches participated in it.
National team development is supported by an International Federation of Cerebral Palsy Football (IFCPF) recognized national championship. Recognized years for the national IFCPF recognized competition include 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, and 2015.
In 2016, after getting an endorsement by the World AntiDoping Agency (WADA), the IFCPF Anti-Doping Code was formally amended to allow for out of competition testing. This was done through a WADA approved Whereabouts Programme managed through ADAMS. Drawing from players in a Registered Testing Pool, players from this country were included ahead of the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio.
Ranking
Argentina was ranked sixth in the world by the IFCPF in 2016. The team is also ranked second in the Americas in 2016. In August 2013 and November 2014, Argentina was also ranked sixth in the world. In September 2012, the team was ranked eighth. In September 2011, Argentina was ranked ninth.
Players
There have been a number of players for the Argentine squad.
Results
Argentina has participated in a number of international tournaments. Six teams participated in the Toronto hosted American Cup in 2014. Group A included Venezuela, Argentina and Canada. Group B included Mexico, Brazil and the United States. The tournament was important for preparations for the 2015 Parapan American Games, and because it was the last major continental level competition of the year. The team participated in the 2015 Parapan American Games, where they came away with a silver medal.
IFCPF World Championships
Argentina has participated in the IFCPF World Championships.
Paralympic Games
Argentina has participated in 7-a-side football at the Paralympic Games. They have never won a medal.
Paralympic Results
2016 Summer Paralympics
Argentina qualified for the Paralympics through the 2015 Parapan American Games in Toronto after Iran's qualifying spot was withdrawn because of a lack of competitors in their region.
The draw for the tournament was held on May 6 at the 2016 Pre Paralympic Tournament in Salou, Spain. Argentina was put into Group B with the United States, Netherlands and Russia. Iran qualified for the 2016 Rio Games following the suspension of Russia. The IPC ruled that there could not be a redrawn for the groups. This resulted in Iran being put into Group A with the Netherlands, Argentina and the United States. The tournament where the Paralympic draw took place featured 7 of the 8 teams participating in Rio. It was the last major preparation event ahead of the Rio Games for all teams participating. Argentina finished 7th after losing placement matches to the United States 4 - 3 and Ireland 0 - 3.
Going into the Rio Games, the team was hoping to build on good results earlier in past two years and win a medal.
References
External links
Official website (archived)
Cerebral Palsy
Argentina at the Paralympics
National cerebral palsy football teams
Football 7-a-side teams at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
Football 7-a-side teams at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Football 7-a-side teams at the 2004 Summer Paralympics
Football 7-a-side teams at the 2000 Summer Paralympics
Football 7-a-side teams at the 1996 Summer Paralympics
The First Baptist Church of Fairport is a historic Baptist church located at 94 South Main Street at Church Street in Fairport, Monroe County, New York. It was built in 1876, and is a -story, cruciform plan, High Victorian Gothic church. It is constructed of brick and rests on a Medina sandstone foundation. It has a large square corner tower topped by a tall narrow spire. It features ornamental stone trim, a steeply pitched gray slate roof, and 72 original stained, leaded glass windows. In 2006 a national drugstore tried to buy the land but, in response to adverse local reactions including a concert held by local youth musicians, money was raised to help repair the church instead.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
References
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Gothic Revival church buildings in New York (state)
Churches completed in 1872
19th-century Baptist churches in the United States
Churches in Monroe County, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Monroe County, New York
Ripley Hampers founder Quintin Acomb first set up the British hamper company in 1834. The Ripley brand also applies to other enterprises undertaken by the Ripley Group of companies, including Ripley Fine Foods Limited, Ripley Traditional Sweet Company, Ripley Ice Cream and Ripley Store.
Several of Ripley Group's companies are tourist attractions including the seasonal Christmas department and the Fine Food store, Ripley Ice Cream and these attract coach parties to the Ripley area.
Ripley Hampers is part of the Ripley Fine Foods Brand.
History
Quintin Acomb who died 18 November 1862 set up Ripley Hampers.
The young Quintin Acomb chose Ripley in North Yorkshire, as the location to establish his business. Quintin worked closely with Sir William Amcotts Ingilby Ingilby of Ripley Castle and the new store opened in 1832.
Quintin's Ripley venture was a success, patronised by the castle, local gentry and wider community.
The tradition of giving food hampers at Christmas began in Victorian times. Food and drink would be brought together and placed in wicker baskets by wealthy families and then given to their staff as a gift for them and their families to enjoy over Christmas.
Historically the amount of food in a hamper would be limited to that which one person could carry but as the fast expanding railways opened up the country people found it easier to send hampers to friends and relatives based in the large industrial cities.
It wasn't long until the enterprising Quintin Acomb caught on to the idea of packaging his Ripley Fine foods and drink in wicker hampers. He had been inspired after he had travelled to a London department store which had already begun to distribute hampers using the railway network.
Ripley Hampers contains luxury items such as Stilton cheese, champagne, smoked salmon remain popular today, especially at Christmas time.
Ripley Group
Ripley Hampers is a trading arm of the Ripley Fine Foods which also encompasses Ripley Store, Ripley Traditional Sweet Co, Ripley Flowers, Ripley Fine Gifts, Ripley Chocolates, Ripley Gift Experiences and Ripley Ice Cream.
References
Companies based in the Borough of Harrogate
Food retailers of the United Kingdom
Food and drink companies of the United Kingdom
Sharkula (born August 27, 1973) (other alter egos include Thig, Brian Wharton, Thigamahjigee, Sherlock Homeboy, Dirty Gilligan) is a Chicago-area rapper. His lyrics are known for being scatterbrained, discontinuous, free-associative, non-violent, apolitical and random. He is also known as a flâneur for promoting his music and shows via use of hand-made flyers and stickers scattered around vending boxes in Chicago, and street marketing often with phrases such as "Hey, you like Hip-Hop?". He has appeared on Chic-a-Go-Go and his album Martin Luther King Jr. Whopper With Cheese was voted by readers of The Chicago Reader as one of the 20 best albums of 2004.
He has collaborated with Willis Earl Beal, who looks up to Sharkula for inspiration.
in 2016, Sharkula was named runner-up the best street character of the year by the Chicago Reader.
Albums
Sharkula w/DJ Felix 2002
New 2003 2003
Roaches On The Eyelid
Musik For To Shady Ass Musik For Yo Soul
Thank You Chicago
Sharkula vs. Dookiehead MCs
Spidermania
Willo & Thig
Thig, The Graduate, and Chuck Sunshine Recorded At 2AM 2004
The 2004 Mix 2004
Martin Luther King Jr. Whopper with Cheese 2004
New 2004 2004
The Longmix 2005
Lo Fidel Castrol Oil GTX Mixalicious Volume 1 2005
Put Your Fins In The Air (Live at the Sub-T) 2005
Thig, The Graduate, and Chuck Sunshine 2005 2005
Session 2006
Pyre 2006
Just For The Wizzard Haters 2006
The 2006 Mix 2006
Holy House Of Fuck 2006
Blizzard Wizzard 2007
Kim Gee 2007
Hand Palm Spring Into Action 2007
Paid Our Dues 2007
The Universe Hurts 2007
Flavor 2007
Don't Look Around 2007
Don't Look Around / Flavor 2007
The Diagnosis of Sharkula 2007
Drunk Skunks 2007
The Diagnosis of Sharkula 2007 (The Secret Life of Sound) LP
Computers & Beers 2007
New 2008 2008
Black He-Manula 2013
Dirty Caviar 2015
Prune City 2019BBQ Fingaprints 2020
EPs
Sharkula & Shami EP 2013 (re-released 2015)
Video
Magic Sundays vol. 1, Directed by Joshua Conro
Magic Sundays vol. 2, Directed by Joshua Conro
Sharkula Special Edition DVD 2008
Sharkula: Diarrhea of a Madman is a 2010 documentary film directed by Joshua Conro about Chicago-based MC Sharkula.
People Interviewed in Sharkula: Diarrhea of a Madman
PNS of the Molemen
J2K of Flosstradamus
Roburt Reynolds
R-Rock of The Secret Life of Sound
Victor Grigas
Drunk Odd Kid
PJ Sumroc
Andrew Barber
Polo Jay
Graduate
Arpad Lep of Jinxremoving Magazine
Image gallery
References
External links
Sharkula Diarrhea of a Madman Film Website
Sharkula in Forbes
Diarrhea of a Madman Article in Chicago Time Out 2010
Sharkula.com featuring flyers and music by the artist
Sharkula .info
Chicago Reader interview
Sharkula on WTTW in Chicago
http://blog.wfmu.org/freeform/2005/05/what_do_you_thi.html
http://news.medill.northwestern.edu/chicago/news.aspx?id=37903&print=1
Sharkula on Flickr
Army HoDown Music Video
Tractor Reactor Retardtar Sauce Music Video
Break it Down Noun Music Video
http://chicagostars.bandcamp.com/album/tmnr-ft-sharkula-keter-darker-radius-etc
American rappers
Living people
21st-century American rappers
Rappers from Chicago
1973 births
Hancea integrifolia is a plant species in the family Euphorbiaceae. It is native to Mauritius.
It is a tree with unisexual flowers and occur at an altitude of 1000 m asl.
References
Acalypheae
Endemic flora of Mauritius
Steven Theunissen (born 4 May 1999) is a Dutch football player who plays as defender for GVVV.
References
1999 births
People from Oude IJsselstreek
Footballers from Gelderland
Living people
Dutch footballers
Netherlands youth international footballers
Association football defenders
Jong PSV players
GVVV players
Eerste Divisie players
Tweede Divisie players
The Government of the 1st Dáil was the executive of the unilaterally declared Irish Republic. At the 1918 Westminster election, candidates for Sinn Féin stood on an abstentionist platform, declaring that they would not remain in the Parliament of the United Kingdom but instead form a unicameral, revolutionary parliament for Ireland called Dáil Éireann.
The first meeting of the First Dáil was held on 21 January 1919 in the Round Room of the Mansion House in Dublin and made a Declaration of Independence. It also approved the Dáil Constitution. Under Article 2 of this Constitution, there would be a Ministry of Dáil Éireann led by a President, with five Secretaries leading government departments. There were two Ministries of Dáil Éireann during the First Dáil. The 1st Ministry (22 January to 1 April 1919) was led by Cathal Brugha and lasted for 69 days; it was formed when a large number of those elected for Sinn Féin were in prison. The 2nd Ministry (1 April 1919 to 26 August 1921) was led by Éamon de Valera, leader of Sinn Féin, and lasted for 878 days.
1st Ministry
The 1st Ministry was a temporary cabinet headed by Cathal Brugha, because Éamon de Valera, the leader of Sinn Féin, was in prison at the time.
2nd Ministry
On 1 April, the 1st Ministry resigned. On a motion proposed by Cathal Brugha and seconded by Pádraic Ó Máille, Éamon de Valera was declared elected as President of Dáil Éireann (). The Constitution was amended to allow for up to nine members of the Ministry, as well as the President. The following day, he formed the 2nd Ministry. Countess Markievicz became the first Irish female Cabinet minister. She served until 26 August 1921, and the next woman appointed to cabinet was Máire Geoghegan-Quinn, who was appointed as Minister for the Gaeltacht in 1979.
De Valera travelled to the United States in June 1919, and by letter requested that Arthur Griffith be appointed as Deputy President in his absence and that Ernest Blythe take a place at cabinet. De Valera resumed his position in the Dáil on 25 January 1921.
Resignation of Ministry
In May 1921, the Dáil passed a resolution declaring that elections to the House of Commons of Northern Ireland and the House of Commons of Southern Ireland would be used as the election for the Second Dáil.
The members of the 2nd Dáil first met on 16 August 1921. The outgoing Ministry did not resign immediately. On 26 August 1921, Éamon de Valera resigned as president. De Valera was then re-elected, taking the new title of President of the Republic, and formed the 3rd Ministry of Dáil Éireann.
See also
Dáil Éireann
Government of Ireland
Politics of the Republic of Ireland
1918 United Kingdom general election
References
1st Dáil
Government 01
1918 establishments in Ireland
1919 disestablishments in Ireland
Cabinets established in 1918
Cabinets disestablished in 1919
There You Are! is a 1926 American silent comedy film directed by Edward Sedgwick. Based on the play of the same name by F. Hugh Herbert, the film starred Conrad Nagel and Edith Roberts. There You Are! is now considered lost.
Plot
George (Conrad Nagel) is a clerk who captures a bandit, and in return gets the boss' daughter (Edith Roberts).
Cast
Conrad Nagel as George Fenwick
Edith Roberts as Joan Randolph
George Fawcett as William Randolph
Gwen Lee as Anita Grant
Eddie Gribbon as Eddie Gibbs
Phillips Smalley as J. Bertram Peters
Gertrude Bennett as Mrs. Gibbs
References
External links
1926 films
Silent American comedy films
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
American films based on plays
Lost American films
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
1926 lost films
1926 comedy films
Films with screenplays by F. Hugh Herbert
Films directed by Edward Sedgwick
1920s American films
Injustice was a professional wrestling stable in Major League Wrestling (MLW) between 2019 and 2021.
History
On the February 16, 2019 episode of Fusion, Ace Austin defeated Rich Swann in a middleweight match. Swann was frustrated at the referee Doug Markham's biased officiating, which led to Swann attacking him and announcer Rich Bocchini in rage. As a result, the MLW management suspended Swann (in storyline). Swann appealed against the suspension but his appeal was rejected. Fellow middleweight Myron Reed protested against Swann's suspension and even wrote "Free Swann" with a tape on his mouth. On the March 23 episode of Fusion, Reed lost a match to Gringo Loco due to being distracted with his "Free Swann" movement and attacked the referee in response, which led to management suspending him as well for six weeks. Swann was reinstated a few days later and upon Reed's return, the two began a "Justice" movement in protest against biased officiating by the referees primarily Markham. Markham would accuse the two of harassment.
Shortly after, Swann left MLW while Reed formed an alliance with Jordan Oliver at Kings of Colosseum where Oliver helped Reed in defeating Rey Horus. The duo would soon be joined by Kotto Brazil, who also protested over biased officiating. On July 22, MLW.com announced that the three would be forming a group called "Injustice". They competed in their first match as a trio on the August 31 episode of Fusion, where they defeated Air Wolf, Gringo Loco and Zenshi in a six-man tag team match. They continued to feud with various middleweights over the next few months and defeated Gringo Loco, Puma King and Septimo Dragon in a trios match at MLW's first-ever pay-per-view event Saturday Night SuperFight.
On the November 11 episode of Fusion, Reed defeated Teddy Hart to win the World Middleweight Championship after Contra Unit member Josef Samael threw a fireball into Hart's face. Oliver and Brazil would defeat Gringo Loco and Zenshi in an elimination tag team match on the November 28 episode of Fusion. On the December 14 episode of Fusion, Injustice protested on not being selected into the Opera Cup tournament but were challenged by King Mo and the returning A. C. H. to a tag team match, which Oliver and Brazil lost.
The storyline between Injustice and the luchadores continued well into the new year. On the January 25, 2020 episode of Fusion (taped January 11), Drago and Puma King defeated Injustice, in a three way match also involving Black Taurus and Low Rider. On the February 2 episode of Fusion (taped January 11), Oliver was ringside for Reed's middleweight title match with Drago, and interfered towards the end to help Reed retain the belt. At the same time, the stable also started feuding with Brian Pillman Jr., who made his presence known after Oliver and Brazil defeated Laredo Kid and Zenshi on the February 29 episode of Fusion (taped February 1). A singles match between Oliver and Pillman was scheduled on Fusion, but it was prevented from happening due to Injustice attacking Pillman. As a result, Injustice were suspended by MLW, and they returned on the May 2 episode of Fusion (taped March 13), unsuccessfully challenging Los Jinetes del Aire (El Hijo del Vikingo, Myzteziz Jr. and Octagon Jr.) for the AAA World Trios Championship.
Contra Unit attacked MLW at the end of the trios match with Brazil being taken out. Oliver, now a newly-minted heavyweight, began calling out Contra Unit, specifically World Heavyweight Champion Jacob Fatu and Simon Gotch. On the August 6 episode of Pulp Fusion, Oliver was jumped by Gotch and put out with a chokehold. On the December 9 episode of Fusion, Oliver gained a measure of revenge, jumping Gotch during a schmoz ending to Contra Unit's World Tag Team Championship match against Marshall and Ross Von Erich. Although a grudge match between the two was scheduled for Kings of Colosseum, at the event it appeared that Gotch had no-showed and the match was postponed. However, this turned out to be a ruse, as later in the night and after Reed's latest title defense, Injustice were ambushed by Contra Unit. As a result, Injustice turned face, although on the January 20, 2021 episode of Fusion, Gotch defeated Oliver by referee's decision. Later in the episode, Oliver and Reed disguised themselves as flag bearers and attacked Fatu and Daivari, before being chased off by Gotch and Mads Krügger. On the February 3 episode of Fusion, Oliver squashed a nameless member of the Sentai Death Squad. His match was bookended by two promos: the first with Reed challenging Contra Unit to a tag team match, and the second with Oliver warning Fatu that he was coming for his title. On the February 10 episode of Fusion, the tag team match ended up not happening as Fatu jumped Injustice, but Oliver and Reed managed to isolate Fatu and hit him with a superkick-springboard cutter combination, before being dragged away by officials. On the March 3 episode of Fusion, Oliver was defeated by Fatu, and afterwards, he and Reed were prevented from being put in Contra Unit's trademark body bags as Calvin Tankman ran in to make the save. On the March 11 episode of Fusion, Injustice challenged Los Parks (L. A. Park and El Hijo de L.A. Park) for the World Tag Team Championship; this was changed to a triple threat match on the March 18 episode of Fusion when Contra Unit attacked Injustice. Los Parks retained over Injustice and Contra Unit, with Oliver taking the pin. On March 31, at Never Say Never, Oliver defeated Gotch in a rematch of their January encounter, ending his and Injustice's feud with Contra Unit.
Oliver was released from MLW on October 29, thus disbanding Injustice in the process.
Championships and accomplishments
Major League Wrestling
MLW World Middleweight Championship (2 time) – Reed
References
External links
Jordan Oliver profile at Major League Wrestling
Kotto Brazil profile at Major League Wrestling
Myron Reed profile at Major League Wrestling
Major League Wrestling teams and stables
David Ruud (born January 21, 1980) is a Swedish motorcycle speedway rider who was won 2003 Speedway World Cup with Swedish team.
Career details
World Championships
Individual World Championship (Speedway Grand Prix)
2002 - 38th place (2 points in one event)
2003 - 32nd place (4 points in one event)
Team World Championship (Speedway World Cup)
2003 - Vojens - World Champion (5 points)
Individual U-21 World Championship
2001 - Peterborough - 7th place (8 points)
European Championships
Individual European Championship
2002 - Rybnik - 9th place (7 points)
2004 - Holsted - 11th place (6 points)
2005 - Lonigo - 7th place (9 points)
Domestic competitions
Team Polish Championship (Speedway Ekstraliga)
2003 - Polish Champion
See also
Sweden national speedway team
List of Speedway Grand Prix riders
References
1980 births
Living people
Swedish speedway riders
Speedway World Cup champions
Steven Patrick Marie Josee Wong (; born on 28 April 1988) is a BMX cyclist for Hong Kong.
Steven Wong was born to a Hong Kong Chinese father and Belgian mother. he has a little sister and grew up in Belgium. His father has a restaurant in Belgium. He was invited to race for Belgium but decided to race for Hong Kong instead.
He first raced for Hong Kong at the 2005 China National Games and won the Gold Medal in BMX cycling.
In 2009, he fell at the 2009 China National Games and failed to defend his gold medal.
Then in December 2009 he won the Gold Medal at the East Asian Games. In November 2010 he won the Gold Medal at the Asian Games in Guangzhou.
Doping
Wong tested positive for Exogenous Steroids in an out-of-competition test 10 April 2012, and was handed a two-year suspension for doping.
References
External links
Official website
Interview at the Hong Kong Olympic Council.
Living people
1988 births
Hong Kong male cyclists
Doping cases in cycling
Chinese sportspeople in doping cases
Hong Kong people of Belgian descent
Cyclists at the 2010 Asian Games
Asian Games medalists in cycling
Asian Games gold medalists for Hong Kong
Medalists at the 2010 Asian Games
Belgian male cyclists
Belgian people of Hong Kong descent
Sportspeople from Turnhout
Cyclists from Antwerp Province
Wuding Road () is a station that is part of Line 14 of the Shanghai Metro. Located at the intersection of Wuding Road and South Wuning Road in the city's Jing'an District, the station opened with the rest of Line 14 on December 30, 2021.
References
Railway stations in Shanghai
Shanghai Metro stations in Jing'an District
Line 14, Shanghai Metro
Railway stations in China opened in 2021
Elena Kunitskaya () (died 1684), was a Ukrainian Hetmana by marriage to Stefan Kunicki, Hetman of Ukraine (r. 1672-1684). She was an influential figure among the Ukrainian Cossacks. She is known as a valuable political adviser to her spouse and for an act of military evacuation which caused the rival hetman to attempt to abduct her.
References
1684 deaths
17th-century Ukrainian people
People from the Cossack Hetmanate
Women in 17th-century warfare
Year of birth unknown
Date of death unknown
Louis of Teck (Italian: Ludovico di Teck; died July 1439) was a German prelate, who was Patriarch of Aquileia from 1412 until his death.
Biography
He was elected as patriarch with the help of King Sigismund. During the war with the Republic of Venice which broke out in 1411, he sided for Sigismund, a decision which eventually led to the dissolution of the Aquileian temporal power. In 1418, while most of the Hungarian units were fighting the Ottoman Turks in the Balkans, the Venetians defeated them on the sea and then launched a land offensive against Friuli (the heart of the patriarchate) under Taddeo d'Este and Filippo Arcelli, and the last Aquileian lands in Istria. Capodistria was attacked on 27 August 1418. Aquileia was sacked and Cividale surrendered on 13 July 1419, followed by Sacile on 14 August. Udine, the patriarchate's capital, resisted the troops of Tristano Savorgnan.
Louis received the support of Henry VI of Gorizia. 6,000 patriarchal and Hungarian troops, backed by the Carraresi of Padua and the counts of Oltenburg besieged Cividale for 115 days, but were defeated by a rescue army sent by Venice in December 1419. Henry was captured, while Louis fled to Hungary. The Venetians completed the occupation of Friuli capturing Feltre, Belluno, Portogruaro and Venzone in 1420, while the Cadore and Capodistria surrendered spontaneously.
Louis attempted to invade Friuli in April 1422 with 4,000 men, but was pushed back. Another assault was repelled in September after he had reached Moggio Udinese. His final invasion of 1431 was thwarted by the Venetian condottiero Francesco Bussone, count of Carmagnola.
Louis was a ferocious enemy of Pope Eugenius IV. At the Council of Basel, he proposed that Eugenius was sentenced to death. He also took part in the meeting of German princes at Mainz that elected Amadeus VIII of Savoy as antipope. He died at Basel in July 1439.
See also
Dukes of Teck
Year of birth unknown
1439 deaths
Swabian nobility
Patriarchs of Aquileia
Shauna MacDonald or Macdonald may refer to:
Shauna MacDonald (Canadian actress) (born 1970)
Shauna Macdonald (Scottish actress) (born 1981)
See also
Shaun MacDonald (disambiguation)
The Freedom Now Party was a short-lived political party in the United States founded in August 1963 during the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom. It had a Black membership. It was indirectly linked to the Socialist Workers Party. It existed from 1963 to 1965.
In 1963 elections, the party appeared on the ballot in Connecticut, Michigan, New York and Washington, D.C. Hoping to earn one million votes, the party fell far short of its initial goal. In 1964, the party's efforts were primarily directed toward Michigan. In that year, 39 members ran for office. Most prominent was Rev. Albert Cleage, who ran for Governor of Michigan. Cleage, a black pastor at the Central Congregation Church in Detroit, received 4,767 votes (0.15%) and the party soon collapsed.
Membership
One of its most prominent members was Paul Boutelle. Boutelle ran for State Senate in Harlem in 1964 and, following the collapse of the FNP, was the Socialist Workers Party nominee for president in 1968.
Prominent black intellectuals and activists were involved in the party's founding, including:
journalist William Worthy,
Daniel Watts, chairman, Liberation Committee for Africa,
Civil Rights attorney Conrad Lynn,
Reverend Albert Cleage,
Reverend Milton Henry
References
Political parties established in 1963
Political parties disestablished in 1965
Black political parties in the United States
Alexander Turner (born 10 April 1993) is an American judoka.
He is the bronze medallist of the 2017 Judo Grand Prix Cancún in the -73 kg category.
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
American male judoka
20th-century American people
21st-century American people
Haber is a lunar impact crater on the lunar far side near the northern pole. The crater was adopted and named after German chemist Fritz Haber by the IAU in 2009.
References
Impact craters on the Moon
Jewish Neo-Aramaic can refer to several related Neo-Aramaic languages and dialects:
Inter-Zab Jewish Neo-Aramaic
Jewish Neo-Aramaic dialect of Barzani
Jewish Neo-Aramaic dialect of Betanure
Jewish Neo-Aramaic dialect of Challa
Jewish Neo-Aramaic dialect of Koy Sanjaq
Jewish Neo-Aramaic dialect of Urmia
Jewish Neo-Aramaic dialect of Zakho
Sanandaj Jewish Neo-Aramaic
Trans-Zab Jewish Neo-Aramaic
See also
Jewish Palestinian Aramaic
Judeo-Aramaic languages
List of Jewish diaspora languages
Language and nationality disambiguation pages
Hasanabad Rural District () is a rural district (dehestan) in Fashapuyeh District, Ray County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 5,033, in 1,390 families. The rural district has 13 villages.
References
Rural Districts of Tehran Province
Ray County, Iran
The L&YR Class 30 (Hughes compound) was a class of 0-8-0 steam locomotives of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway, designed by George Hughes. The prototype was rebuilt from an Aspinall Class 30 locomotive in 1904. Ten new locomotives were built in 1907. The locomotives passed to the London, Midland and Scottish Railway (LMS) in 1923.
Design
These were four cylinder compound locomotives with two high pressure cylinders and two low pressure cylinders.
Numbering
Withdrawal
All were withdrawn and scrapped between 1926 and 1927. None were preserved.
References
0-8-0 locomotives
30 (Hughes compound)
Railway locomotives introduced in 1904
Standard gauge steam locomotives of Great Britain
Scrapped locomotives
D n4v locomotives
Mosel is a village (Ortsteil) and a former municipality in the Zwickau district in Saxony, Germany. It was incorporated into the municipality of Zwickau in 1999. Mosel is an economically significant Ortsteil in the Stadtbezirk Zwickau-Nord with the official number 36.
References
Districts of Zwickau
Former municipalities in Saxony
Itar-Tass Russian News Agency v. Russian Kurier, Inc., 153 F.3d 82 (2d Cir. 1998), was a copyright case about the Russian language weekly Russian Kurier in New York City that had copied and published various materials from Russian newspapers and news agency reports of Itar-TASS. The case was ultimately decided by the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. The decision was widely commented upon and the case is considered a landmark case because the court defined rules applicable in the U.S. on the extent to which the copyright laws of the country of origin or those of the U.S. apply in international disputes over copyright. The court held that to determine whether a claimant actually held the copyright on a work, the laws of the country of origin usually applied (more precisely: "copyright is a form of property" and under the Second Restatement's approach, the governing law is "determined by the law of the state with 'the most significant relationship' to the property and to the parties"), but that to decide whether a copyright infringement had occurred and for possible remedies, the laws of the country where the infringement was claimed applied (lex loci delicti).
Case history
Itar-TASS, several Russian newspapers, and a Russian association of professional journalists (the Union of Journalists of Russia, in Russian: Союз журналистов России) sued Russian Kurier, its owner, and its printing company for copyright infringement in 1995 in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. The court issued a preliminary injunction against the defendant. This preliminary injunction applied to all copied articles for which the plaintiffs had registered copyright with the U.S. Copyright Office or that were published after March 13, 1995, the date Russia signed the Berne Convention. The U.S. at that time still required explicit copyright registrations for copyrights to be recognized as valid. Of the more than 500 articles Russian Kurier had copied from 1992 to 1995, the court considered 317 copyrighted in the U.S. as "Berne Works" (i.e., works originally published in another member country of the Berne Convention, of which the U.S. had been a member since 1989), and a further 28 first published in Russia before March 13, 1995 were copyrighted in the U.S. because they were indeed registered at the U.S. Copyright Office, accounting for a total of 345 copyright violations.
In its ruling two years later (No. 95 Civ. 2144(JGK) (S.D.N.Y. March 10, 1997); also known as "Itar-TASS II"), the court found Russian Kurier and its owner had willfully committed multiple copyright violations. The court upheld the injunction and fined the defendants US$ 500,000 in favor of the plaintiffs. The printing company was fined US$3,934 as by printing the newspaper, the court considered it had contributed to the commitment of these copyright violations, although without intent. The court defined that the plaintiffs' rights were to be determined by Russian law, but the infringement had to be judged by U.S. law; and came to the conclusion that under Russian copyright law, the news agency Itar-TASS and the individual authors of the newspaper articles certainly were copyright holders and thus entitled to sue. However, the district court denied the journalist's association any right to relief as it was unclear exactly which of its members were authors of the copied articles, or whether all such authors were indeed members. There was some dispute over the copyright claims by the newspapers, as the defendants experts argued that these only held a copyright on their publication "as a whole" but not on individual articles, but the district judge agreed with the plaintiffs' expert who interpreted the relevant paragraphs of the Russian law as giving rise to "parallel exclusive rights in both the newspaper publisher and the reporter", similar to co-authorship.
The defendants appealed against that court's ruling. The case came before the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit (153 F.3d 82 (2d Cir. 1998)), which partly confirmed and partly reversed the district court's ruling and remanded the case for further proceedings.
The court of appeals affirmed the choice of applicable law made by the lower court. It agreed that Russian law was to be used to determine who was the copyright holder of the work and that U.S. law was to be applied to figure out whether a copyright violation had occurred and to judge it. However, it overturned the decision of the district court regarding the newspapers. The court of appeals, after extensive analysis, found the view of the defendants' experts on the matter "more compelling". It stated that newspapers had no copyright on individual articles in their publications but only a compilation copyright on the publication as a whole. The copyright on the text of the individual articles was found to vest in the individual authors of these articles unless there had been a contractual assignment of copyrights from the reporters to their employers (the newspapers). Since the newspapers did not provide any evidence of such copyright assignments, the appellate court ruled in this case that they did not hold the copyright on the text of the individual copied articles. Finally, the court explicitly decided
that Itar-TASS, as a news agency (not a newspaper), was a copyright holder and was entitled to injunctive relief and damages,
that the Union of Journalists of Russia might be entitled to relief as it was considered acting on behalf of its members, amongst them the individual authors of the copied articles, and
that the newspapers, albeit not entitled to relief due to copying of the article text as they didn't hold the copyright, might still be entitled to relief due to the wholesale cut-and-paste copying done by Russian Kurier, which might have infringed the newspapers' rights arising from the creative efforts in the selection, arrangement, or display of the articles.
Because of the two last points, the case was remanded to the district court. The appellate court "in view of the reckless conduct of the defendants in the flagrant copying that infringed the rights of Itar-Tass, the rights of the authors, and very likely some aspects of the limited protectable rights of the newspapers" left the injunction in force until the district court would, on remand, issue a new ruling.
Consequences
The ruling concerning the choice of law (lex originis for determining copyright ownership and lex loci delicti for the infringement) was contrary to the previous presumption that only the law where the infringement occurred (i.e., lex loci delicti) would apply. It has been discussed controversially in several publications. Since the Berne Convention does not offer any guidance on which law shall be applied to determine copyright ownership, this ruling is still the relevant case law in this question and the principle is applied in the U.S. even in other recent cases. The decision is only effective within the U.S.; other countries may follow other rules, such as using the lex loci delicti exclusively.
The copyright in the U.S. on foreign publications that had failed to comply with the (former) formality requirements of the U.S. was generally restored when the copyright restorations of the Uruguay Round Agreement Act (URAA) became effective in the U.S. on January 1, 1996. The URAA was a result of the TRIPS agreement, part of the Uruguay Round of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) negotiations. The URAA automatically restored the copyright on foreign works that were still copyrighted in their country of origin on January 1, 1996, but whose copyright in the U.S. had lapsed through non-compliance with the U.S. formalities, such as non-registration or a lack of international or bilateral copyright treaties between the country of origin of a work and the U.S. Later copyright cases in the U.S. do apply the URAA restorations and thus even may consider unregistered foreign works as copyrighted in the U.S.
Related cases
The lex loci delicti isn't always the US law, even for cases heard in the US. In London Film Productions, Ltd. v. Intercontinental Communications, Inc. (1984) a US corporation was sued by a British company for infringements under the laws of several Latin American countries; the US court determined that it had jurisdiction.
In Bridgeman Art Library, Ltd. v. Corel Corp. (1998) a US court decided that it must apply the stricter US threshold of originality (decided in Feist v. Rural) rather than the lower British standard invoked by the plaintiff.
A more complex case of determining ownership under Russian law in a US court was Films by Jove Inc. v. Berov because it involved two claimants to copyrights under the Russian laws to films by Soyuzmultfilm, themselves involved in litigation in Russia. A US judge basically overruled a decision by the Supreme Court of Arbitration of Russia because, in his view, the Russian court's decision was "strongly influenced, if not coerced, by the efforts of various Russian government officials seeking to promote 'state interests'", thus lacking procedural fairness.
In France, the Court of Cassation decided on 10 April 2013 that in case of conflicting laws, the French law prevails in all matters regarding copyright, including the determination of ownership. This ruling quashed the decision of a lower court, which had decided that in a lawsuit between a reporter-cameraman of a US media company operating in France, the US law applied in determining ownership of the footage.
Footnotes
Or at the date of adherence of the country of origin to an international copyright treaty the U.S. was also party to, if the country of origin was not yet member of any such treaty on January 1, 1996. See 17 USC 104A for the precise details.
References
External links
American Bar Association: Reported United States Decisions Involving Russian Parties in Civil Matters 1994–2004. URL last accessed 2006-08-24.
1998 in United States case law
Russia–United States relations
Russian-language mass media in the United States
United States copyright case law
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit cases
United States lawsuits
The Church of St Matthias is an Anglican place of worship in Malvern Link, England. Prior to the establishment of this church, the residents of Malvern Link had to walk 3 miles to their parish church, St. Edburga's Church in Leigh. The Rector of Leigh, Henry Somers-Cocks, requested the 2nd Earl Somers to provide some land for a new church, which he did on 27 December 1843, the form of Link Meadow.
The initial church was designed by Sir G G Scott. It seated 300 people, and cost £1,900 to build. It was completed in 1846 and consecrated by Bishop Pepys of Worcester on 13 January.
In 1858, the church was extended to the south, and a new tower was added in 1862.
In 1880, the church was found to be too small, and the decision was made to extend it eastwards. Tenders were invited, and Thomas Collins of Tewkesbury, who estimated the costs to be £2,400. The costs of this extension were principally met by Earl Beauchamp. The architect for the new church was Frederick William Hunt of London.
The present tower was added in 1889. The tower holds a ring of ten bells cast by John Taylor & Co, the world's largest working bell foundry. Bell #10 was cast in 1899, #1 and 2 in 1993, and #3 to 9 in 1900. The Tenor, the heaviest, weighs 16 cwt and is tuned to F#. The first full peal of Grandsire Triples was rung on 1 June 1901, in St Matthias.
The chapel screens are the work of Robert Thompson, the 'mouseman' of Kilburn in Yorkshire.
See also
Places of worship in Malvern, Worcestershire
Stedman triples rung at St Mathias
References
External links
Official Site
Historic England
Church of England
Buildings and structures in Malvern, Worcestershire
Malvern Link
Grade II listed churches in Worcestershire
Anglo-Catholic church buildings in Worcestershire
CAB Direct is a source of references for the applied life sciences It incorporates two bibliographic databases: CAB Abstracts and Global Health. CAB Direct is an access point for multiple bibliographic databases produced by CABI. This database contains 8.8 million bibliographic records, which includes 85,000 full text articles. It also includes noteworthy literature reviews. News articles and reports are also part of this combined database.
In the U.K., in 1947, the Imperial Agricultural Bureaux became the Commonwealth Agricultural Bureaux or CAB. In 1986 the Commonwealth Agricultural Bureaux became CAB International or CABI
CAB Abstracts
CAB Abstracts is an applied life sciences bibliographic database emphasizing agricultural literature, which is international in scope. It contains 8 million records, with coverage from 1973 to present day, adding 360,000 abstracts per year. Subject coverage includes agriculture, environment, veterinary sciences, applied economics, food science and nutrition. Database covers international issues in agriculture, forestry, and allied disciplines in the life sciences. Indexed publications are from 120 countries in 50 languages, including English abstracts for most articles. Literature coverage includes journals, proceedings, books, and a large collection of agricultural serials. Other non-journal formats are also indexed.
CAB Abstracts Archive
CAB Abstracts Archive is a searchable database produced by CABI. It is created from 600 volumes of printed abstracts, which are the collected and published scientific research from 1910 to 1972, and then digitized to form the archive. This archive database contains more than 1.8 million records which covers agriculture, veterinary science, nutrition and the environment. Subject coverage also includes biodiversity, pest control, environmental pollution, animal disease (including zoonotic diseases), nutrition, and food production. Natural resource management includes plant and animal breeding. CAB Abstracts Archive is also indexed in other databases, which also serve as access points. These other databases are CAB Direct, Web of Knowledge, EBSCOhost, OvidSP, and Dialog.
The following print journals (digitized) comprise CAB Abstracts Archive:
Animal Breeding Abstracts, Dairy Science Abstracts, Field Crop Abstracts,
Forestry Abstracts, Horticultural Science Abstracts, Nematological Abstracts,
Nutrition Abstracts and Reviews Series A: Human and Experimental,
Nutrition Abstracts and Reviews Series B: Livestock Feeds and Feeding,
Plant Breeding Abstracts, Review of Agricultural Entomology,
Review of Medical and Veterinary Mycology, Review of Plant Pathology,
Review of Medical and Veterinary Entomology, Review of Plant Pathology,
Soils and Fertilizers, Tropical Veterinary Bulletin, Veterinary Bulletin
and Weed Abstracts.
Weed Abstracts
Weed Abstracts, derived from CAB Abstracts, is an abstracts database focused on published research regarding weeds and herbicides. This includes weed biology, encompassing research areas from genetics to ecology, including parasitic, poisonous, allergenic and aquatic weeds. Further coverage includes all topics related to weed control, in both crop and non-crop situations. Research on herbicides, includes formulations, herbicide resistance and the effects of herbicide residues in the environment. 10,000 records are added to this database per year.
Weed Abstracts is updated weekly with summaries from notable English and foreign language journal articles, reports, conferences and books about weeds and herbicides. With the back-file, coverage is from 1990 to present day bringing the total of available research summaries to 130,000 records.
Global Health database
Global Health is a bibliographic database which focuses on research literature in public health and medical health science sectors (including practice). Information (see infobox above) in indexed in more than 5000 academic journals, and indexed from other sources such as reports, books and conferences. Global Health contains over 1.2 million scientific records from 1973 to the present, with an addition of 90,000 indexed and abstracted records per year. Sources are abstracted from publications in 158 countries written in 50 languages. Any relevant non-English-language papers are translated into English. Proceedings, patents, thesis papers, electronic publications and relevant but difficult-to-find literature sources are also part of this database.
Global Health Archive
Global Health Archive is a searchable database produced by CABI. It is created from 800,000 records, from six printed abstract journals, which are collected published scientific research from 1910 to 1972, digitized to form the archive. Global Health Archive is also indexed in other databases, which also serve as access points. These other databases are CAB Direct, Web of Knowledge, EBSCOhost, OvidSP, and Dialog.
When combined with the Global Health database indexing coverage can be from 1910 to present day. Hence, coverage is made up of past epidemics, from rates and patterns of disease transmission, duration of pandemics, timing of epidemiological peaks, geographic distribution of diseases, and government preparedness and quarantine provisions. The following can also be taken into account: effects on different age and social groups, severity in developing vs. developed countries, symptoms, causes of mortality - such as secondary problems like pneumonia - and mortality rates.
Journal and topic coverage
Records for this database are derived from the following journals throughout certain years:
Tropical Diseases Bulletin (1912-83),
Abstracts on Hygiene and Communicable Diseases (1926-83),
Review of Veterinary and Medical Entomology (1913-72),
Review of Veterinary and Medical Mycology (1943-72)
Nutrition Abstracts and Reviews (1931-72), and Helminthological Abstracts (1932-72).
Subject coverage includes Public health, Tropical and Communicable diseases, Nutrition, Parasitology, Entomology, and Mycology.
Tropical Diseases Bulletin
Tropical Diseases Bulletin is a bibliographic and abstracts database which focuses on research published regarding infectious diseases and public health in developing countries and the tropics and subtropics. This includes research areas from epidemiology to diagnosis, therapy to disease prevention, tropical medicine, and related aspects of travel medicine. Published research coverage on patients and populations encompasses the health of marginalized populations: immigrants, refugees, and indigenous peoples.
Back-file coverage is from 1990 to present day, with an accessible base of 195,000 abstracts and the addition of 11,000 records per year. As a monthly journal Tropical Diseases Bulletin is also available in print. This print journal has authored, subject and serials cited indexes. Coverage of the print back-file is to 1912. A searchable, electronic database version of this journal is part of the Global Health Archive (see above).
Organic Research Database
This indexing database focuses on scientific literature pertaining to all topics in organic farming, in both the temperate and tropical zones. This includes sustainability issues and soil fertility. Coverage is global; literature is obtained from 125 countries. The temporal coverage spans 30 years, 180,000 organic research abstracts, along with the addition of 8000 records per year. Linking to full text articles, guided searches, broad subject categorization along with subject refinement are also provided. The editorial advisory board of this database also commission reviews pertaining to organic farming.
CABI full text repository
CABI full text repository is integrated into all CABI databases including CAB Abstracts, and Global Health. Both of these are online and print journals. Coverage includes 70,000 full text articles, through agreements with third party publishers. Eighty percent of the content is exclusive to CABI.
The full text repository is made up of fifty percent journal articles, and equal percentage of conference (proceeding) papers, and other accessible literature is also included. Eighty percent of the articles are in English and coverage includes 56 countries. Also included in this database are relevant but hard to find materials which crosses discipline consisting of agriculture, health and the life sciences. Mainstream literature and hard to find materials of equal relevance are given equal access.
CABI full text repository is indexed in other databases, which also serve as access points, consisting of Web of Knowledge (Thomson Reuters), CAB Direct, OvidSP, Dialog, Dimdi, and EBSCOhost.
See also
Google Scholar
List of academic databases and search engines
Lists of academic journals
List of open-access journals
List of scientific journals
References
Bibliographic databases and indexes
Biology education in the United Kingdom
Environmental science
International medical and health organizations
The explosion near the Susuzlug village was a mine explosion in the vicinity of the village of Susuzlug in Azerbaijan's Kalbajar region, which occurred on 4 June 2021. The explosion killed 3 people, two of them journalists, and wounded another 4. This is the first case of journalist death on Azerbaijani territory after the 2020 Nagorno-Karabakh war.
The Azerbaijani side thereafter accused Armenia of not providing maps of mined areas to Azerbaijan. Ambassadors and embassies of various countries in Azerbaijan, as well as representatives from the Human Rights Watch, the Council of Europe, the OSCE, and the International Federation of Journalists expressed their concerns over the incident and offered their condolences.
Background
The Kalbajar district was seized by Armenian forces in 1993, during the First Nagorno-Karabakh War, after which 60 thousand Azerbaijanis and Kurds living in the region were displaced; more than 150 Azerbaijanis were taken hostage to be exchanged with Armenian prisoners.
On 25 November 2020, the Kalbajar region, according to the trilateral ceasefire agreement, was returned to Azerbaijani control.
Demining of the territories affected by the Karabakh conflict remains one of the main issues between Azerbaijan and Armenia after the Second Karabakh War. According to the official data, since the ceasefire agreement was signed, more than 120 Azerbaijani military and civilians died or were injured as a result of mine incidents. Azerbaijan has repeatedly demanded Armenia to provide the maps of minefields. Azerbaijan also sent two complaints to the European Court of Human Rights, stressing that without transferring data on mined territories, the risk of such events will persist.
On 12 May, a border crisis started between the two countries, during which Azerbaijani forces repeatedly crossed several kilometers into Internationally recognised Armenian territory. On 27 May, Azerbaijan detained six Armenian servicemen, with allegations that they were trying to mine the territory of Kalbajar. The Armenian authorities stated that they were engaged in strengthening the defence of the border region by planting a minefield with warning signs on Armenian territory.
On 28 May 2021, the EU spokesperson Peter Stano called for immediate de-escalation and urged both sides to pull back their forces to positions held before 12 May and engage in negotiations on border delimitation and demarcation, welcoming proposals for a possible international observation mission and expressing readiness to provide expertise and help on border delimitation and demarcation. The EU continues to call on Azerbaijan to release all prisoners of war and detainees without delay and welcomes all efforts aimed at decreasing tensions.
Incident
The employees of the State News Agency of Azerbaijan (AZERTAC) and the Azerbaijan Television (AzTV) went to the location to film the territories that Azerbaijan recaptured in the 2020 Nagorno-Karabakh War. On 4 June 2021, a Kamaz passenger bus carrying media representatives to the village of Susuzlug, Kalbajar region, hit an anti-tank mine.
As a result of the explosion, 3 persons died, 4 others received injuries of varying severity.
Deaths
Siraj Abyshov, camera operator of the Azerbaijan television, was born on 29 August 29 in the city of Qubadli, Azerbaijan SSR. During the First Karabakh War, together with his family, he was displaced and moved to the city of Sumgait. In 2019, he started working for AzTV.
Maharram Ibrahimov (Alioglu), reporter of the Azerbaijan State News Agency, was born on 16 April 1982 in the village of Ardanish, Krasnoselsky District, Armenian SSR. In 2003, he enrolled to the military service in the Internal Troops of the Ministry of Internal Affairs which he completed on 15 July 2004. Since 1 September 2004, he was a reporter of "AZERTAC". During the Second Karabakh War, he covered the events in the war zone.
Arif Agalar oglu Aliyev, the Deputy Representative of the Head of the Executive Power of the Kalbajar region in the Susuzlug administrative-territorial district, was born in 1983 in the Susuzlug village. During the First Karabakh War, he was displaced to Khasabag village, Goygol region. He worked in this position since 2012. On 5 June 2021, his body will be delivered home to Goygol district, to be buried.
Wounded
Emin Mammadov, a stage director of Azerbaijan TV. upon being contacted on the 4th of June he said that his condition was stable.
The other three victims have not been named. One of them is a bus driver, two others are villagers.
Aftermath
After the initial spread in the media, the General Prosecutor's Office of the Republic of Azerbaijan and the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Republic of Azerbaijan confirmed the news about the incident. The Military Prosecutors Office has initiated a criminal case under the Criminal Code.
Following the incident, the founder of the Tigran Mets special military training center, Lieutenant Colonel of the Armenian Armed Forces, Koryun Gumashyan, told the Armenian media in an interview that he and his men had planted 17 trucks of mines in Lachin and Kalbajar. He added that he was ready to provide Azerbaijan with maps of mined areas "in exchange for Armenian captives in Azerbaijan."
On the day of the incident, the Head of Press of the Ministry of Labour and Social Protection of the Population of Azerbaijan, Fazil Talibov, said that the victims will be given the status of martyrs.
Reactions
Internal
The AzTV chairman, Rovshan Mammadov, among the first to confirm the incident on his Facebook page, called the incident "another example of Armenian vandalism and the enemies crimes against civilians" and expressed condolences to the families of both journalists. The First Vice-President of the Republic of Azerbaijan, Mehriban Aliyeva, stated that "the responsibility for the death of innocent people rests entirely with the military-political leadership of Armenia". Hikmet Hajiyev, the Assistant to the President of the Republic of Azerbaijan, and the Head of the Foreign Policy Department of the Presidential Administration of the Republic of Azerbaijan, called on the international organizations to show solidarity and condemn the tragedy, claiming that journalists were victims of a mine "deliberately planted by Armenian troops when leaving Kalbajar." The Head of the Press Service of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Azerbaijan, Leyla Abdullayeva, the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Azerbaijan, Jeyhun Bayramov, the Azerbaijan Media Development Agency (MEDİA), expressed condolences to the families of the killed journalists. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Azerbaijan accused Armenia of violating the Geneva Convention. The Head of the Union of Journalists of Azerbaijan, Elchin Shikhli, accused Armenia of violating the international law and claimed that the mines were recently planted. The State Committee of the Republic of Azerbaijan on Family, Women and Children Issues stated that as a result of the incident, young children of three families were orphaned.
The victims were honoured near the building of the Azerbaijan TV.
International
The Ambassador of France to Azerbaijan, Zacharie Gross, the Embassy of Italy in Azerbaijan, the Ambassador of Israel to Azerbaijan, George Deek, the Embassy of Russia in Azerbaijan, the Embassy of Iran in Azerbaijan and the Embassy of Georgia in Azerbaijan expressed their condolences regarding the deaths of two journalists in the incident. The Turkish channel Haber Global blamed Armenia for the incident.
Georgy Gogia, the Deputy Director of the Human Rights Watch for Europe and Central Asia, noted that the event raises concern, especially if the mine was recently planted to target civilians. Dunja Mijatovic, Commissioner for Human Rights of the Council of Europe, declared the need to urgently clear the areas affected by the conflict from mines. The OSCE Representative on Media Freedom, Teresa Ribeiro, expressed a deep concern and sadness over the death of the two Azerbaijani journalists.
The Secretary General of the International Federation of Journalists, Anthony Bellanger, and the Secretary General of the European Federation of Journalists, Ricardo Gutierrez, in a joint statement expressed their condolences to the victims and their families, and also called on the Armenian authorities to hand over the plans of the mined areas". The International Media Institute said it was "deeply saddened" over the deaths of the two journalists. Gulnoza Said, Program Coordinator of the Committee to Protect Journalists for Europe and Central Asia, called the deaths of Ibrahimov and Abyshov "an unnecessary tragedy." She called on Armenian officials to share the "mine maps with the press to ensure that other journalists do not fall victims to the conflict".
The deputies of the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine, Lyudmyla Marchenko and Maryan Zablotsky, demanded Armenia to provide the maps of the minefields. Igor Korotchenko, Russian journalist and former head of the Public Council under the Ministry of Defence of the Russian Federation, also reacted to the incident and stressed on the need to appeal to all organizations, including European, and international journalistic structures.
References
Kalbajar District
2021 in Azerbaijan
June 2021 events in Asia
Nemesia simoni is a species of spider and can be found in Spain or France.
References
Nemesiidae
Anthony Sanneh (born June 1, 1971) is an American retired professional soccer player who played as a defender or midfielder.
Club career
Youth and college
Tony Sanneh was born in Saint Paul, Minnesota to an African father from the Gambia and an American mother from Wisconsin. He attended the St. Paul Academy and Summit School and played for the local soccer team, St. Paul Blackhawks. He graduated in 1990 having been selected twice to the State team. He went on to play college soccer for the NCAA Division I Milwaukee Panthers, where, as a striker, he became the school's all-time scoring leader, with 53 goals and 32 assists from 1990 to 1993. He was named an NCAA Second-Team All-American in 1993.
Professional
In 1994, his first year out of college, Sanneh played with USISL's Milwaukee Rampage, where he scored 14 goals and 14 assists while teaming up with Brian McBride. His partnership with McBride was highlighted by a goal that the latter scored during the opening 2002 World Cup match against Portugal, which originated from a cross by Sanneh. During the winter 1994 season, Sanneh joined the indoor soccer Chicago Power of the National Professional Soccer League (NPSL). He played 34 games, scoring 27 goals in the 1994–95 season. He also played goalkeeper in four games for a total of 79:15 minutes. In the 1995–96 indoor season, he played in only nine games, scoring four goals, but also played 4:19 minutes as a goalkeeper. In 1995, he played with a former Milwaukee Panthers teammate, Manny Lagos, on the Minnesota Thunder, amassing 18 goals and 22 assists with the team. He also played the 1995–96 indoor season with the Milwaukee Wave. In 1996, midway through the inaugural MLS season, Sanneh was signed by D.C. United. Originally a forward, Tony played a variety of positions for United, mostly at right midfield. He went on to score goals in the first two MLS Cups, leading D.C. to consecutive titles. Sanneh ended his original MLS stay after the 1998 season, signing with Bundesliga club Hertha BSC in January 1999.
Sanneh spent the next three years with Hertha, where he was a starter when healthy. His playing time was limited at times due to many injuries and a national team tug of war. He scored just one goal in league play, and is remembered for assisting on Ali Daei's first UEFA Champions League goal in a 2–1 victory over Chelsea. He transferred to 1. FC Nürnberg in 2001, where he played nearly every game the first year and a half leading the back line until he sustained a back injury that kept him out of action for 13 months. During his injury layoff Nürnberg was demoted to the second league. Upon his return Sanneh started the last seven games, winning five in a row, to give Nürnberg promotion and the second Bundesliga crown. He tallied a total of five goals. In 2004, he came back to MLS, signing with the Columbus Crew, to play alongside long-time friend, college and Thunder teammate Manny Lagos. The crew finished the season with the league's best record and a 19-game unbeaten streak but lost in the playoffs after they missed two penalty kicks, one of which marred Sanneh's time there. Sanneh was traded following the end of the season to the Chicago Fire, in exchange for Ante Razov and part of an allocation. He played out the 2006 season assisting on the final goal of the Fire's 3–1 Open Cup win over the L.A. Galaxy. Sanneh's MLS league totals stand at 16 goals and 27 assists.
However, following the 2006 season, Sanneh and the Fire failed to reach a new agreement on his contract, prompting his release from the team. On July 24, 2007, USL First Division team Minnesota Thunder announced that they had signed Sanneh. The Colorado Rapids then acquired his rights from the Fire. He made his debut for the Rapids on August 16, 2007 against the New England Revolution at Dick's Sporting Goods Park. He played in 10 out of their final 12 games but did not agree to term the following season.
After sitting out the 2008 season, he signed with Los Angeles Galaxy in February 2009. He made 13 appearances with the Western Conference champions (including five starts) but struggled with injuries the latter half of the season and was not invited to 2010's training camp.
International career
Sanneh made his debut for the United States national team on January 29, 1997 in a 2–1 loss to China but failed to make Steve Sampson's final squad and was left out of the 1998 FIFA World Cup in France.
Sanneh then had very good seasons from there on out, enough to impress new U.S. coach Bruce Arena scoring his first international goal in a shock 3–0 win over Germany. Eventually, he became an important part of the team by the time the 2002 FIFA World Cup came around and was one of the US best players in the tournament, playing every minute of every game. In the US first game of the tournament, a 3–2 upset of Portugal, his precise cross from the right side of the field provided an assist to Brian McBride's goal. He was also instrumental, both defensively and offensively, in the US narrow 1–0 loss to Germany in the quarterfinals, barely missing an equalizing goal on two occasions in the 47th and 89th minute.
After the 2002 FIFA World Cup, Sanneh was rarely picked due to injury and an influx of young talent into the national team pool. However, after playing impressively for the Columbus Crew and Chicago Fire in MLS, he was recalled for the 2005 CONCACAF Gold Cup, starting in group games against Cuba and Costa Rica. The US later won the tournament upon beating Panama in the final. Following the tournament he was never called back into the national team and Sanneh finished his career for the US national team with three goals in 43 appearances.
International goals
Scores and results list the United States' goal tally first, score column indicates score after each Sanneh goal.
Post-playing career
Sanneh operates his own soccer camp system in the Midwest and U.S. Virgin Islands. He also is a coach and consultant for the club soccer team Minneapolis United. In addition to overseeing youth development, he is the founder and Executive Director of his own charitable foundation headquartered in St. Paul (www.thesannehfoundation.org) which, among other initiatives, aims to help urban youth and also assists in recovery efforts in Haiti.
As of 2013, Sanneh has been playing with Brits Pub FC a local recreational team in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
In the summer of 2013, Sanneh formed a Minnesota Thunder Legends team for a match against the Stegman's Old Boys of Minneapolis in partnership with The Free Beer Movement to help raise money for The Sanneh Foundation.
Sanneh has also been an active participant in the Sports Diplomacy Sports Envoy program for the U.S. Department of State. In this function, he has traveled to Bahrain, Bangladesh, Bolivia, Cyprus, Haiti, and Malaysia, where he worked with to conduct soccer clinics and events that reached more than 3000 youth from underserved areas. In so doing, Sanneh helped contribute to Sports Diplomacy's mission to reach out to youth populations in order to promote growth and a mutual understanding through sports.
In November 2014, Sanneh received the Athletes in Excellence Award from The Foundation for Global Sports Development, in recognition of his community service efforts and work with youth.
In 2017, Sanneh was inducted into the United States Amateur Soccer Association (USASA) Hall of Fame.
In February 2018, Sanneh received the Community Advocate for Change Award from Saint Mary's University of Minnesota.
Honors
United States
CONCACAF Gold Cup Champions: 2005
United States:
On October 21, 2017 Sanneh was inducted into the United States Amateur Soccer Association (USASA) Hall of Fame.
References
External links
The Sanneh Foundation
Interview with Tony Sanneh
1971 births
Living people
African-American soccer players
American expatriate soccer players
American expatriate sportspeople in Germany
American soccer players
Soccer players from Minnesota
Sportspeople from Saint Paul, Minnesota
Chicago Fire FC players
Chicago Power players
Colorado Rapids players
Columbus Crew players
D.C. United players
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
Hertha BSC players
1. FC Nürnberg players
LA Galaxy players
Milwaukee Wave players
Milwaukee Rampage players
Minnesota Thunder players
National Professional Soccer League (1984–2001) players
2002 FIFA World Cup players
2005 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
CONCACAF Gold Cup-winning players
Major League Soccer players
USISL players
USL First Division players
Milwaukee Panthers men's soccer players
United States men's international soccer players
Association football defenders
Association football midfielders
American people of Gambian descent
21st-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Malta competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 5 to 21 August 2016. This was the nation's sixteenth appearance at the Summer Olympics, since its debut in 1928, although it failed to register any athletes in five other editions (1932, 1952, 1956, 1964, and 1976).
Malta Olympic Committee selected a team of seven athletes, four men and three women, to compete in four different sports at the Games; all of them granted wild card entries without having qualified. The nation's roster in Rio de Janeiro was also a replication to those sent to Barcelona (1992), Atlanta (1996), and Sydney (2000), with an equal share of men and women. Among the sports represented by the athletes, Malta marked its Olympic debut in weightlifting.
The Maltese delegation featured three returning Olympians, including double trap shooter and medal prospect William Chetcuti, who set a record as the first Maltese to participate in four straight Games. Joining him were freestyle swimming sprinters Nicola Muscat and Andrew Chetcuti, who became the nation's flag bearer in the opening ceremony. Malta, however, has yet to win its first ever Olympic medal.
Athletics
Malta has received universality slots from IAAF to send two athletes (one male and one female) to the Olympics.
Track & road events
Shooting
Malta has received two invitations from the Tripartite Commission to send shooters competing in the men's double trap and women's pistol events, respectively, to the Olympics.
Swimming
Malta has received a Universality invitation from FINA to send two swimmers (one male and one female) to the Olympics.
Weightlifting
Malta has received an invitation from the Tripartite Commission to send Kyle Micallef in the men's light heavyweight category (85 kg) to the Olympics, signifying the nation's Olympic debut in the sport.
References
External links
Olympics
2016
Nations at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Tin Fu Tsai, sometimes transliterated as Tin Fu Chai (), is a village in Tuen Mun District, Hong Kong.
Administration
Tin Fu Tsai is a recognized village under the New Territories Small House Policy. It is one of the 36 villages represented within the Tuen Mun Rural Committee.
History
Tin Fu Tsai was founded 300 years ago by the Choi clan. It had a population of several hundred villagers during its peak time and was considered a large and influential village in the Pat Heung area. The village is still inhabited by some indigenous villagers.
Interviews conducted in 1982 mentioned that "When Tsing Yi villagers wanted to marry, they looked for partners from Tin Fu Tsai, Tsuen Wan and Yuen Tun."
Features
The Tin Fu Tsai Campsite () is located near the village. The campsite is located within Tai Lam Country Park.
Access
Tin Fu Tsai is located at the junction of Stage 9 and Stage 10 of the MacLehose Trail. It is also located along the Yuen Tsuen Ancient Trail.
See also
Ho Pui Reservoir
Tai Lam Chung Reservoir
Tsing Fai Tong
References
External links
Delineation of area of existing village Tin Fu Tsai (Tuen Mun) for election of resident representative (2019 to 2022)
Villages in Hong Kong
Tuen Mun District
The triple option is an American football play used to offer several ways to move the football forward on the field of play. The triple option is based on the option run, but uses three players who might run with the ball instead of the two used in a standard option run.
The triple option forces defenses to worry about multiple running options on a single play. For the offense, the decision of who is to carry the ball—which option to use—is made during the play by the quarterback (QB). The QB makes the decision whether to give the ball to the fullback (FB) or, based on his read of the defense, to keep the ball. If the QB does choose to keep the ball after the initial snap, he still retains the option of employing a third option; handing the ball off to the tailback. If, for example, the defensive end (DE) is blocking the FB or for any other reason it appears to him that his group of ball-carriers are otherwise limited, he will simply keep the ball himself instead of handing it off. If the DE runs straight upfield or directly at the QB, then the QB gives the ball to the FB. The triple option can be complemented by fixed running plays which look like the triple option when they start, but use traditional blocking, as well as play-action passing.
There are three basic forms of triple option: the wishbone triple option, the veer triple option, and the formation triple option. These differ in terms of the personnel on the field and their positioning prior to the start of the play.
Wishbone
The wishbone triple option can use several formations including the flexbone or Maryland I. The wishbone triple option is a running play where either the fullback, the quarterback, or one of the halfbacks (also called "running backs" [RB] or "tail backs") runs the ball.
First, the quarterback receives the football from the center. The quarterback then starts the play in one direction by appearing to hand the football to the fullback right behind the play side guard on a standard fullback dive play. The guard "chips" the 3-technique (defensive tackle) and blocks the play side (the side where the play is going) inside linebacker (usually called the "mike", or middle linebacker). The quarterback then reads the unblocked defensive lineman. If the lineman attacks the fullback, the quarterback pulls the ball from the fullback's gut and continues down the line, but if the defensive lineman goes outside to contain the play, he hands off inside to the fullback. The offensive tackle on the side of the play's direction does not block the defensive end and instead moves to block the first threat, usually the linebacker stacked behind the defensive end. In the traditional triple option the backside tailback will take a parallel course down the line of scrimmage keeping a three to five yard separation from the quarterback. If the defensive end comes inside toward the quarterback, he will pitch it outside to the trailing halfback. If the defensive end retains outside leverage and covers the trailing halfback closely, the quarterback will keep the ball and run upfield inside of the defensive end. The tailback to the play side is responsible for blocking one of the defensive backs, usually one of the deep safeties. The wide receiver (WR) to the play side is responsible for blocking the corner back assigned to cover them if the defense were playing man coverage.
If this is run properly it can be extremely effective as most all defensive players are accounted for by blockers. Once the quarterback or tailback gets beyond the line of scrimmage there should be nobody in front of him because the tackle, guard, tailback, and wide receiver are all downfield picking up the first threat.
The play is called the triple option as the fullback dive is the first option, the quarterback keeping the ball is the second option, and the quarterback pitching to the halfback is the third option.
A slight variation of this formation is the "flexbone", where the running backs move to just outside the tackles, but still behind the line of scrimmage. The running back that the play is using for the third option motions in, and while in motion the ball is snapped. The triple option, in this case, is still run mostly the same as the wishbone.
Veer
The veer triple option uses two halfbacks and a tight end (TE). The "inside veer" play is similar to the wishbone triple option, but the dive option is performed by the halfback on the side of the play, and the other halfback becomes the pitch man. The veer is more challenging to run to the weak side (the side without the tight end) because there is no lead blocker for the pitch man. The "outside veer" moves the halfback dive option outside the offensive tackle, forcing the outside linebacker to stop the halfback dive, and forcing the defensive backs to play the pitch option.
I formation
The triple option can be run out of the formation as well. With two running backs, it is sometimes called the "I-veer", as the play is similar to the two running back veer offense. Three running back I formations such as the Maryland I and the stack I are more similar to the wishbone play.
Nebraska in 1980–2003 deployed an formation triple option. They won 3 national titles with it 1994, 1995, and 1997.
Recent variations
In recent years, as spread and zone read offenses have become popular, many teams have begun to run variations of the triple option with the quarterback in the shotgun. This has been greatly popularized by the success of coaches such as Rich Rodriguez, Mark Helfrich, and Urban Meyer. The more traditional version of the triple option uses a quarterback under center and is advocated by the service academy coaches, including Fisher DeBerry, formerly of Air Force, and Paul Johnson, formerly head coach of Navy and Georgia Tech (who installed this offense at Hawai'i and Georgia Southern, the latter school winning several Division I Football Championship Subdivision titles using it).
Paul Johnson, along with former assistant and current Navy head coach Ken Niumatalolo, have had the most success with the triple option/veer in the last few years. The triple option can be used in the spread offense. Teams like Ohio State, Oregon, and Arizona have used an inside zone triple option from the spread. The quarterback reads the defensive end for "give" or "keep". If the defensive end squeezes down to take the dive, the quarterback will pull the ball and take his reading progression to the outside linebacker or defensive back. If the linebacker/defensive back takes the quarterback, the quarterback will pitch the ball to his running back who is running in formation with the quarterback.
Run-pass option
A 2009 NCAA rule change that allowed linemen to block three yards downfield on a pass (as opposed to one yard in the NFL) opened the college game to the run-pass option (RPO) plays. Much like in a traditional option attack, the quarterback "reads" the defense at the snap and quickly decides how to execute the play depending on the initial actions of one or two "key" defenders. In an RPO play, however, one or more receivers run a pass route, and the quarterback has the option to throw a pass. Because the offensive line (and usually some receivers) run block at the snap, any pass must be thrown very quickly, before blockers have pushed forward three yards. A properly executed RPO is difficult to defend, as a quarterback who correctly reads the defense will run the version of the play which has the best chance for success.
The rule change that resulted in the widespread use of RPOs by college offenses was controversial. By "destroy[ing] the ages-old division between passing plays and running plays" the RPO changes offense, defense and officiating roles. The Wall Street Journal highlighted the option in the lead-up to the 2017 playoff between Alabama and Clemson, in which both teams "will [try to] use [it] to win".
The RPO has also been utilized in the NFL despite rules disallowing linemen to block more than one yard downfield on passing plays, though NFL QBs must make quicker reads to avoid a penalty if they decide to throw a forward pass.
References
External links
1968 Houston Veer Playbook
1979 Mississippi Veer Playbook
1990's Georgia Southern Option Playbook
1990's Rice Veer Playbook
1997 Nebraska Option Playbook
1998 Air Force Flexbone Playbook
1999 Syracuse Freeze Option Playbook
American football strategy
American football formations
American football plays
Edward Ball (November 6, 1811 – November 22, 1872) was a two-term U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1853 to 1857.
Biography
Born in Fairfax County, Virginia, near Falls Church, Ball attended the village school. He moved to Ohio and located near Zanesville, where he engaged in agricultural pursuits. He served as deputy sheriff of Muskingum County in 1837 and 1838 and sheriff from 1839 to 1843. He served as member of the Ohio House of Representatives from 1845 to 1849, and became editor of the Zanesville Courier in 1849.
Congress
Ball was elected as a Whig to the Thirty-third Congress and reelected as an Opposition Party candidate to the Thirty-fourth Congress (March 4, 1853 – March 3, 1857). In Congress, he served as chairman of the Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds (Thirty-fourth Congress). He was not a candidate for renomination in 1856.
Later career
After his tenure in Congress, Ball studied law, was admitted to the bar in 1860, and commenced practice in Zanesville. He served as delegate to the Republican National Convention at Chicago in 1860, and as Sergeant at Arms of the House of Representatives in the Thirty-seventh Congress from 1861 to 1863.
He resumed the practice of law, and was again a member of the State house of representatives from 1868 to 1870.
Death
He was accidentally killed by a railroad train near Zanesville, Ohio, on November 22, 1872. He is interred in Greenwood Cemetery.
References
Sources
1811 births
1872 deaths
People from Fairfax County, Virginia
Whig Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Opposition Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Sergeants at Arms of the United States House of Representatives
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
People from Zanesville, Ohio
Ohio sheriffs
Railway accident deaths in the United States
Accidental deaths in Ohio
19th-century American politicians
Felicia fruticosa is a strongly branching shrub of up to high that is assigned to the family Asteraceae with flower heads consisting of about twenty purple to white ray florets encircling many yellow disc florets, and small flat, entire and hairless leathery leaves. Two subspecies are recognized. Felicia fruticosa subsp. brevipedunculata, from the Limpopo Province of South Africa is up to tall and has longer leaves of long and wide and nearly seated pale violet to white flower heads. Felicia fruticosa subsp. fruticosa, from the Western Cape province of South Africa, is no more than 1 m and has shorter leaves of long and wide with flower heads on largely leafless, about long stems. It is sometimes called bosastertjie in Afrikaans. In the wild, flower occurs from August till October.
Description
Felicia fruticosa is a strongly branching shrub of up to 1 or high. The trunk and side branches have fibrous, peeling, greyish brown bark, and end in young, non-flowering long shoots. In the leaf axils of the two-year-old and older long shoots are moderately branching short shoots with one to three floral heads each. The slightly succulent leaves are alternately set, lance-shaped to inverted lance-shaped, up to long and wide, with a pointy tip in the typical subspecies, or always distinctly inverted lance-shaped and up to long and wide in subsp. brevipedunculata. The flat surface is hairless and indistinctly spotted by round resin glands lying in the leaf blade. The broadened leaf base slightly runs down the stem, and is hairless or has a ciliate margin and has woolly hairs in the axil.
The floral heads are medium in size. They sit on largely leafless, up to long inflorescence stalks in the typical subspecies. In subsp. brevipedunculata, the heads are practically without stalk and sit directly in the rosette of the short shoots. The involucral bracts are overlapping, arranged in up to four rows, and about in diameter. These bracts increase in size from the outside in, the outermost bracts long and wide, the innermost long and wide, lance-shaped with resinous calluses, yellow-brown in colour, with a smooth edge, and hairless except for the lowest which are slightly woolly at the inner base.
There are up to about twenty medium or light purple, rarely white, ray flowers per head, each of which has a strap called ligule of approximately long and wide. These encircle numerous yellow disc florets, each with a crown of up to long. In the middle of each disc floret, the five anthers are merged into a tube through which the style grows when the floret opens. At the tip of both of the style branches is narrow triangular appendage. At the base of each floret are numerous pappus bristles of two lengths, the shorter ones white, scaly, persistent and about long. When mature, the dry, one-seeded, indehiscent fruits called cypselae are dark brown with a lighter margin, long and wide, narrowly obovate in outline, with a scaly epidermis, and loosely evenly silky hairy.
Felicia fruticosa is a diploid having nine sets of homologue chromosomes (2n=18).
Differences between the subspecies
Felicia fruticosa subsp. fruticosa reaches a height of maximally , has lance-shaped to inverted lance-shaped leaves of up to long and wide. The heads are on practically leafless, up to long peduncles. The ray florets are violet, rarely white, the short pappus bristles are long. In contrast, Felicia fruticosa subsp. brevipedunculata grows to tall, has slightly larger leaves up to long and wide, that are always distinctly inverted lance-shaped. The heads are practically without stalk and sit directly in the rosette of the short shoots. The ray florets are light violet to white, the short pappus bristles are with , slightly longer than in the subsp. fruticosa.
Taxonomy
This species was first described from the Cape by Carl Linnaeus in 1764 as Aster fruticosus. In 1803, Carl Ludwig Willdenow invalidly changed the name to Aster fruticulosus. In 1828, Henri Cassini described another specimen as Diplostephium longipes. When Christian Friedrich Lessing reassigned Linnaeus's species, he maintained Willdenow's change, calling the species Diplopappus fruticulosus. Nees von Esenbeck also kept the invalid name, when he moved it again, creating the combination Diplostephium fruticulosum in 1833. In the same publication he also described Diplostephium extenuatum, which was reassigned by Augustin Pyramus de Candolle, who made the name Diplopappus extenuatus in 1836. George Nicholson proposed to include the species in the genus Felicia and so made the combination that is currently in use: Felicia fruticosa. Margaret Levyns published a correction of Lessing's error in 1948, making the combination Diplopappus fruticosus. In 1973 Jürke Grau considered all these names synonymous.
The subspecies from the Limpopo Province was initially described by John Hutchinson as Aster brevipedunculatus in 1931. Grau changed its status in 1973 to Felicia fruticosa subsp. brevipedunculatus.
Felicia fruticosa is the type species of the section Lignofelicia.
The species name fruticosa is a Latin word meaning "shrubby".
Distribution
Felicia fruticosa subsp. fruticosa is an endemic of the Cape Peninsula and the surroundings of Stellenbosch. Felicia fruticosa subsp. brevipedunculata is known from the Soutpansberg, Blouberg and the Portugal Farm in the Limpopo Province of South Africa, where it occurs at altitudes between .
Conservation
The continued survival of both subspecies of Felicia fruticosa is considered to be of the least concern because their populations are stable.
References
External links
line drawing of Felicia fruticosa subsp. fruticosa
distribution maps of both subspecies
photos of Felicia fruticosa subsp. fruticosa on iNaturalist
fruticosa
Plants described in 1764
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Endemic flora of South Africa
Amr Kaddoura (born 1 July 1994) is a footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Swedish Superettan club Landskrona BoIS. Born in Sweden, he plays for the Palestine national team.
International career
Born in Sweden, Kaddoura represents Palestine at international level. He was included in the national team for the 2019 AFC Asian Cup. He made his international debut on 1 December 2021 in a 4–0 FIFA Arab Cup defeat against Morocco.
Career statistics
International
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Association football goalkeepers
Citizens of the State of Palestine through descent
Palestinian footballers
Palestine international footballers
Swedish footballers
Swedish people of Palestinian descent
Superettan players
Landskrona BoIS players
2019 AFC Asian Cup players
People from Landskrona Municipality
Footballers from Skåne County
Mustapha Allouch (born 24 July 1958) is a Lebanese politician and a former member of the Lebanese Parliament. He represented the constituency of Tripoli from 2005 until 2009 as a member of the Future Movement and is known as vocal member of the March 14 Alliance.
Early life
Allouch was born and raised in Tripoli, Lebanon. Son of Mohamad (Abu Mustapha) Allouch, a merchant and a political activist, Mustapha Allouch spent the early years of his life in Bab El Tabbaneh. As a teenager, before the start of the Lebanese Civil War, he was active in various Marxist and Arab Nationalist movements and fought in the first two years of the Civil War alongside the Palestinian Liberation Organization.
Disillusioned with the violence of the civil war, Allouch enrolled at the American University of Beirut (AUB) in premedical sciences after briefly studying Law in France. In 1985, Allouch earned his M.D. from AUB and was married to his wife, with whom he has since had three children. In 1991, he completed his residency in general surgery at the American University of Beirut Hospital during which he served as the chief resident. He subsequently participated in a Transplant Surgery Fellowship at the University of Miami which he completed before returning to Lebanon and specifically Tripoli in 1993.
Political career
Allouch has been an active member of the Future Movement since 1997 and after a strong performance in the 2004 municipal election of Tripoli where he garnered the highest number of votes, he was sought a parliamentary seat in the 2005 parliamentary elections. He ran on the Future movement ticket as part of the March 14 Alliance in the aftermath of Prime Minister Rafic Hariri's assassination. He represented the district of Tripoli in Parliament from 2005 to 2009.
In the summer of 2006, Allouch radically opposed positions and actions of Hezbollah that led to the 2006 Lebanon War between the militant group and Israel. Since then, Allouch continues to staunchly oppose Hezbollah and criticizes their close connection and allegiance to Iran. At the same time, he is known for his criticism of religious fundamentalism in Lebanon and is often criticized by his more conservative peers in the Future Movement for his strong support for civil laws and the separation of state from religious institutions.
Allouch is also criticized by leftists and progressives in Lebanon about belonging to a center-right party in the Future Movement, however Allouch is known to actively champion social democratic and progressive ideals within his party and the March 14 Alliance.
He becomes Vice-President of the Al Hurriya Liberal Network in March 2021.
Miscellaneous
Allouch publishes columns regularly in the daily newspapers Al-Mustaqbal (newspaper) and Al Joumhouria.
During his time at AUB, Allouch was an active member of the Judo club. He participated in many tournaments and was the champion of Lebanon in his weight class on several occasions. In 1986, he represented Lebanon in an International Judo Championship held in France. He has achieved 6th Dan (Shodan) in Judo.
References
1958 births
Living people
Members of the Parliament of Lebanon
American University of Beirut alumni
This is a list of tambon (sub-districts) in Thailand, beginning with the letters U and V. This information is liable to change due to border changes or re-allocation of Tambons.
See also
Organization of the government of Thailand
List of districts of Thailand
List of districts of Bangkok
List of tambon in Thailand
Provinces of Thailand
List of municipalities in Thailand
U
David Lemon (born 14 June 1969) is a British lightweight rower. He won a gold medal at the 1994 World Rowing Championships in Indianapolis with the lightweight men's eight. He also competed in the men's lightweight coxless four events at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
1969 births
Living people
British male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Great Britain
Olympic rowers of Great Britain
Rowers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Láng Machine Factory (Hungarian Láng Gépgyár) was a machine factory in Hungary that played an important role in supplying Hungarian power plants and factories with steam engines, turbines and diesel motors.
Founded in 1868 by László Láng as a machine repair workshop, the company started producing steam engines in 1873 and became the largest manufacturer of steam engines for factories and ships by the 1890s. The generators providing electric power to the Millenium Underground Railway were powered by Láng steam engines. The company also made equipment for the distilling, sugar, and canning industries.
From 1890, the company produced pumps, compressors, hydraulic tools, and electric crane machines. In 1893, the firm started to produce electric elevators. From 1905, the production of steam turbines for alternators began. In 1910 the factory extended its product portfolio with boilers and Diesel Engines for factories, power plants and ships. During the Great Depression it manufactured printing machinery as well.
After being nationalised in 1948, power generating machinery became the main focus of the company. Due to dwindling contracts and obsolete technology the production of Láng declined in the 1980s and it was acquired by ABB in 1990.
References
Companies of Austria-Hungary
Manufacturing companies of Hungary
Hungarian brands
Electrical engineering companies
Companies established in 1868
1868 establishments in Hungary
Las Mujeres Perdidas is the third volume of the American comics series Love and Rockets by the Hernandez brothers, Gilbert and Jaime, and published in 1987.
The cover of the compilation is by Jaime Hernandez, the back cover by Gilbert. Gilbert and Jaime's brother, Mario Hernandez, does not participate to this book.
Contents
These stories are dated 1983–1987. Unlike in the first two volumes, there are no more monsters and extra-terrestrials and science-fiction disappears almost completely.
Chronology
Previous album: Chelo's Burden <-> Next album: Tears from Heaven.
Comics publications
Fantagraphics titles
1987 graphic novels
Lionel Hunt, better known by his stage name Mr. Short Khop is an American rapper. He encountered Ice Cube in front of a 7-Eleven convenience store in South Central, California. Ice Cube eventually struck a deal with the newcomer, and soon Short Khop made guest appearances in Ice Cube's 1998 War & Peace - Volume 1 (The War Disc). To return the favor, Ice Cube appeared on Short Khop's debut 2001 album, Da Khop Shop. Khop was mentioned in William Shaw's 1999 book Westsider's. To date, he has not released a follow-up to his debut album.
Discography
Albums
Singles
Guest appearances
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American rappers
African-American rappers
Gangsta rappers
G-funk artists
Rappers from Los Angeles
21st-century African-American musicians
Melissa Kelly is an American chef in Rockland, Maine in the United States. She received the 1999 and 2013 Best Chef in the Northeast honors in a James Beard Award. She co-founded Primo restaurant and is its executive chef preparing Italian cuisine and Mediterranean cuisine with a focus on local ingredients. She graduated first in class from the Culinary Institute of America and worked with Larry Forgione at An American Place and Alice Waters at Chez Panisse. Chef Kelly currently owns/operates PRIMO Restaurants in Rockland, ME, the Ritz Carlton Marriott Resort Grand Lakes in Orlando, FL and the Marriott Starr Pass Resort in Tucson, AZ. She will be re-opening her Orlando location in the fall of 2021 after an extensive renovation completely reimagining the property and tracing Chef Kelly's family roots back to Puglia, Italy. PRIMO at the Ritz Carlton Resort Grande Lakes in Orlando, FL in the Fall of 2021.
References
American chefs
American women chefs
Culinary Institute of America alumni
Year of birth missing
James Beard Foundation Award winners
Nikola Kuga (; born October 13, 1986 ) is a Serbian professional basketball player. Standing at 2.00 m (6 ft 7 in), he plays the Small Forward position.
Professional career
Nikola grew up in the famous basketball school of FMP Belgrade, he played for youth teams of FMP from 2005 to 2007. In the 2007–08 season, he played for KK Srem.
In Sempteber 2008, Kuga signed a one-year deal with Sport Plazza Casablanca (Morocco). In 2009–10 season, he played for Hopsi Pozela. From 2010 to 2015, he has played for several European basketball teams including U.M.F. Skallagrímur (Iceland), Tallina Kalev (Estonia), Umea (Sweden), BBG Herford (Germany).
Outside Europe, he has suited up for a number of the teams such as Al Moutahed (Lebanon), Al Sarjah (UAE), R.L.C (Maldeves).
Inn 2010, Kuga signed with Skallagrímur in the Icelandic 1. deild karla. In four games, he averaged 12.3 points and 7.0 rebounds per game before leaving the club in November 2010.
In 2011, Kuga signed with Cucuta Norte, a professional basketball club based in Cucuta, Colombia. He became the first Serbian and first player from Eastern Europe to play in the Colombian league (LNB – Colombia). Over 24 league games Kuga averaged 15.3 points, 5.4 rebounds and 3.0 assists per game.
In August 2014, Laskar Dreya South Sumatra team announced that Kuga will play for Laskar Dreaya in ASEAN Basketball League. He has become first European player who got chance to Play ABL. On April 1, 2015, he signed for Diamond Valley Eagles and Australia become his 5th continent where he played.
In January 2016, Kuga signed a contract with Lebanese team Al Moutahed for the rest of the following season.
During 2016-2017, Kuga played for Portuguese team BC Alfenense.
Currently Kuga is member of Norvegian basketball team Ammerud Basket
References
Interview with Nikola Kuga-May 29, 2012 by Eurobasket Center
Nikola Kuga gets MVP of South East Asia Championship (in English) Jan 8, 2013 by Eurobasket Center
La curiosa marca de Nikola Kuga(in Spanish) 16 Abr 2015 by
NIKOLA KUGA, EL MUNDO ES UNA GRAN PELOTA NARANJA-(in Spanish) 27 de Mayo de 2016 by Arturasbasket
Nikola Kuga (ex Diamond V.E.) signs at Schwenningen(in English) Dec 7, 2015 by Eurobasket
Interview with Nikola Kuga (in English) June 6, 2018 by Eurobasket
Interview with Nikola Kuga (in English) May 27, 2018 by Eurobasket
External links
Nikola Kuga at fiba.com
Nikola Kuga at eurobasket.com
Nikola Kuga at aseanbasketballleague.com
Nikola Kuga at basketball.realgm.com
Letnje lige za profesionalce-(in Serbian) 28 maj 2011 by Kosarka24
Icelandic statistics at kki.is
1986 births
Living people
BC Tallinn Kalev players
Croatian men's basketball players
KK FMP (1991–2011) players
KK Srem players
Serbian men's basketball players
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Australia
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Colombia
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Estonia
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Germany
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Iceland
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Indonesia
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Lebanon
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Portugal
Serbian expatriate basketball people in the Maldives
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Morocco
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Norway
Serbian expatriate basketball people in the United States
Serbian expatriate basketball people in the United Arab Emirates
People from Bihać
Skallagrímur men's basketball players
Small forwards
Serbs of Bosnia and Herzegovina
The Irish Republic was a revolutionary state in Ireland between 1919 and 1922. "Irish Republic" may also refer to:
Irish Republic (1798), a revolutionary state proclaimed during the Irish Rebellion of 1798
Easter Rising, when an Irish Republic was proclaimed by rebels
Proclamation of the Irish Republic
The Irish Republic, a 1937 history book by Dorothy Macardle
Republic of Ireland, the modern state, sometimes referred to as the "Irish Republic"
Edgar Wilcox (January 20, 1830 – October 25, 1917) was a politician and farmer.
Born in Genesee County, New York, Wilcox moved with his parents to Sugar Creek Wisconsin Territory in 1845. In 1849, Wilcox and his family moved back to New York. In 1857, Wilcox moved to the Town of Oakfield, Fond du Lac County, Wisconsin and settled on a farm. Wilcox served as town clerk and town school superintendent. In 1864, Wilcox served in the Wisconsin State Assembly and was a Republican. He died in Oakfield, Wisconsin.
Notes
1830 births
1917 deaths
People from Genesee County, New York
People from Oakfield, Wisconsin
People from Sugar Creek, Wisconsin
Farmers from Wisconsin
Wisconsin Republicans
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
19th-century American politicians
Christ Episcopal Church, or simply Christ Church, is an historic church building located in Burlington, Iowa, United States. It is a part of the Episcopal Diocese of Iowa, and is a contributing property in the Heritage Hill Historic District listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
History
After the opening of what is now eastern Iowa to American settlement in 1832, the town of Flint Hills was established the following year along the shores of the Mississippi River. The name "Shoquoquon", or Flint Hills, had been given to the area by the Sauk and Meskwaki tribes. Three years after the town was founded, the Right Rev. Jackson Kemper, Missionary Bishop of the Northwest, met an attorney named David Rorer, on the steamboat Olive Branch. Rorer was on his way to set up a practice in the young town and he convinced the bishop to establish a mission there. The town's name had been changed to Burlington in 1838 and the bishop established a mission of the Episcopal Church the same year. The Rev. John Bachelder from Rhode Island volunteered to serve the station and on March 15, 1839, he held the first service in Old Zion Church, Burlington's only religious building at that time. The mission was organized into a parish the following year.
The Methodists continued to allow the Episcopalians to use Old Zion for their services in the parish's early years. The vestry acquired the property at Fifth and High Streets in 1849 and built a church. The same year it adopted the name Christ Church. As the congregation continued to grow the vestry looked to buy a different property to build a new church. After several years and some conflict over a new site, they decided to tear down the old church in 1884 and build a new one at the same location. The present church was completed the following year and consecrated by the Right Rev. William Stevens Perry, Bishop of Iowa, on May 16, 1886.
The church was destroyed by a fire in 1973. The stone walls were all that were left standing. The Flemish carillon, pipe organ, and the church's records were all destroyed. Christ Church also lost its priceless collection of stained glass windows with the exception of the resurrection window that was located above the Altar. Sunday services were held at First Presbyterian Church while the church building was rebuilt using its original stone walls.
Architecture
Christ Church was designed by Burlington architect Charles A. Dunham in the Romanesque Revival style. It was constructed by a Mr. Phelps and the stonework was done by a Mr. Smith. The interior walls were decorated by Burlington artist W.H. Johnson, who was also responsible for decorating First Baptist Church. The east wall featured a large stained glass window from Chicago. The side windows were designed and made by the church's rector, the Rev. Dr. Johnson. The exterior of the church is composed of local limestone. It is laid in tandem courses of rubble masonry. The structure also features a unique round tower that terminates in a square belfry, and it is capped with a high pitched gabled roof. The parish house was built in 1901 and it reflected the church in its style and composition.
With the exception of a dormer on the north side, the church building's exterior was completely restored after the 1973 fire. Prominent buttresses were added to the side walls to stabilize the weight of the roof. The congregation obtained impressive stained glass windows from an Anglican church in England from the Redundant Churches Program. The program encourages the adaptive use or preservation of unused church properties.
References
External links
Christ Church Parish Website
Religious organizations established in 1838
Churches completed in 1885
19th-century Episcopal church buildings
Episcopal church buildings in Iowa
National Register of Historic Places in Des Moines County, Iowa
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
Romanesque Revival church buildings in Iowa
Churches in Burlington, Iowa
1838 establishments in Iowa Territory
Historic district contributing properties in Iowa
Boondocks Road (formerly Jap Road) is a 4.3-mile (6.9-kilometer) road in Fannett, Texas.
History
In the early 20th century, Japanese immigrant Yoshio Mayumi and his brother Yasuo settled in Fannett, purchasing 1734 acres (7 km2) of land. The two brought with them techniques for rice farming, which became the dominant agricultural activity of Jefferson County.
According to local tradition, in 1905 area residents collaborated to build a road to the Mayumi farm, and named the road "Jap Road" in their honor.
In 1924, Mayumi returned to Japan. Low rice prices and smaller harvests due to mismanaged land had rendered his farm unprofitable. The Immigration Act of 1924 and related anti-immigrant sentiment are also considered contributing factors to Mayumi's decision to leave the country.
Controversy
Although Jap Road was named to honor its Japanese residents, by the end of the 20th century its name had taken on a new meaning. During World War II, "Jap" went from being an abbreviation for "Japanese" to an ethnic slur.
In 1993, advocacy groups, led by Beaumont teacher Sandra Nakata, began pressuring the Jefferson County commissioners to change the name. The county commissioners responded by stating that "Jap Road" was not an ethnic slur and honored the road's original Japanese residents. They did, however, give the road's residents the chance to change the name if they so chose. Area residents, including descendants of the Japanese settlers, were highly resistant to any name change. Further efforts in 1999 also met with no success.
In 2004, the Japanese American Citizens League and the Anti-Defamation League filed complaints with the US Department of Transportation and the Department of Housing and Urban Development. Finally bowing to outside pressure, the Jefferson County commissioners ordered Jap Road's residents to select a new name by July 29, 2004. They chose opposition leaders Wayne Wright and Earl Callahan to oversee the selection.
The options presented to the road's residents included "Mayumi Road', "Japanese Road", "Japan Road", and "Boondocks Road". Out of 170 voting residents, over 100 chose "Boondocks Road". The Boondocks were a popular catfish restaurant that had closed a decade earlier. Anger at outside groups characterizing them as racists is the common explanation for residents' decision to entirely avoid using any of the Japanese-related names.
See also
Boondocks
References
External links
Christian Science Monitor - In an East Texas town, the fight is all in a name
CNN - Name change for 'Jap Road'
Roads in Texas
Transportation in Jefferson County, Texas
John Louis Edwin Clubbe (February 21, 1938 – February 24, 2022) was an American academic. He was an emeritus professor of English at the University of Kentucky.
Biography
Clubbe received his B.A., M.A., and Ph.D. from Columbia University. He also attended the University of Paris in 1966. He taught at Duke University and the University of Kentucky from 1976 to 1999 and is an expert on English Romanticism, especially the works of Lord Byron. He was a longtime president of the International Association of Byron Societies and the Byron Society of America, where he was chair chair from 1974 through 1999.
Clubbe received a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1975 as well as a National Endowment for the Humanities Fellowship into Thomas Carlyle.
He died on February 24, 2022 at age 84.
Bibliography
Victorian Forerunner: The Later Career of Thomas Hood (1968)
Selected Poems of Thomas Hood (1970), editor
Two Reminiscences of Thomas Carlyle (1974), editor
Nineteenth Century Literary Perspectives (1974), editor
Carlyle and His Contemporaries (1977), editor
Froude's Life of Carlyle (1979), editor
Byron et la Suisse (1982)
English Romanticism: The Grounds of Belief (co-author with Ernest J. Lovell, 1983)
Victorian Perspectives: Six Essays (co-author with Jerome Meckier, 1989)
Cincinnati Observed: Architecture and History (1992)
Beethoven: The Relentless Revolutionary (2019)
References
Columbia College (New York) alumni
Columbia Graduate School of Arts and Sciences alumni
University of Paris alumni
University of Kentucky faculty
Fellows of the National Endowment for the Humanities
2022 deaths
1938 births
American academics of English literature
Shafiq bin Shaharudin (born 26 March 1994) is a Malaysian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Malaysia M3 League club, Kuala Lumpur Rovers.
Born in Batu Pahat, Johor, Shafiq started his career playing for Johor youth team.
Club career
Johor Darul Ta'zim II
Shafiq began his career with Johor youth team before been promoted to Johor Darul Ta'zim II in 2014.
Kelantan
In December 2017, Shafiq signed a two-year contract with Kelantan.
International career
On 5 July 2018, Shafiq made his debut for Malaysia national team in a 1–0 win over Fiji.
Career statistics
Club
International
Personal life
Shaharuddin Abdullah, his father also former Malaysia national player.
References
External links
Shafiq Shaharudin @ Worldfootball.com
1994 births
Living people
Malaysian footballers
Malaysia international footballers
People from Johor
People from Batu Pahat
Malaysian people of Malay descent
Johor Darul Ta'zim F.C. players
Kelantan FA players
Malaysia Super League players
Association football forwards
Jai Shri Krishna (English: Hail Lord Krishna) is an Indian drama television series produced by Sagar Pictures, which aired on Colors from 21 July 2008 to 15 September 2009.
It is the remake of Ramanand Sagar's successful show Sri Krishna and was handled by Moti Sagar (son of Ramanand Sagar) of Sagar Pictures. It is based on Mahabharata, Harivamsa, Bhagavata Purana and the Vishnu Purana.
Plot
Jai Shri Krishna tells the story of the Bhagavan Vishnu's avatar, Shree Krishna. The story takes place in India, covering cities like Gokhul, Mathura, Hastinapur, and Dawaraka. It shows the different leelas, or stories, of Shree Krishna from his birth, childhood, teenage years, and time as prince of Mathura and prince of Dwarka.
The program touched on many different aspects of his life, through the retelling of the leelas, it is told that he was known as Makhan Chor (butter thief) and of his eternal friendship with Sudama as a good example of true friendship. Other aspects include some of his adventures, such as when he killed the demon queen Putana and tamed the venomous serpent Kaliya. Yet another amazing story was how as a little boy he showed the entire universe in his open mouth to his foster Mother, Yashoda.
As a teenager he shared a divine relationship with Radha. His dance with the Gopis (milkmaids) of Vrindavana became known as the Rasa lila. Later, when he became a fully grown man, the series tells about how he slayed his evil uncle, Kans (although, in the actual tales, Krishna was much younger when he slayed his uncle – he may have been as young as 12 years old).
After becoming a prince, Krishna married Rukmini, believed to be forms of the goddess Lakshmi, who is the consort of Vishnu.
The series portrays Lord Shree Krishna as the perfect son, husband, brother, friend, king and lover of many. The show followed every aspect of Lord Krishna's life up until Lord Krishna's teenage years.
Cast
Broadcast
A shortened version for kids also aired on Nickelodeon India in 2009. A new character of "Grandmother" was added to narrate the series.
References
External links
Official Website
2008 Indian television series debuts
2009 Indian television series endings
Colors TV original programming
Indian television soap operas
Television shows based on poems
Television series based on Mahabharata
Krishna in popular culture
Jan Ludwik Sylwester Staniewicz, alias Stanisław Pisarski (27 December 1823 in Lyduvėnai or Bazilionai – 21 February 1904 in Kamienskoye) was a participant of the January Uprising in Lithuania, head of the Šiauliai district. Earlier an officer of the French Foreign Legion and the Russian army,
Biography
First years in exile
Eldest son of and Kunegunda Billewiczówna, grandson of . Jan's father, Ezechiel, emigrated to France after the November Uprising. Kunegunda took her underage sons from their native Samogitia to France, fearing repressions on the part of the Russian authorities (among other things, that they would be forcibly conscripted by the Russian authorities into a military school, the so-called Cantonists). They settled in Nancy, where Jan initially attended school. Later on, he would also study in Brussels, and finally - probably due to lack of funds - enlist in the Foreign Legion. As a soldier of the 1st Foreign Regiment, he served until 1848 in French Algeria, where he became a non-commissioned officer, rising to the ranks of corporal and later sergeant.
Participation in the Greater Poland Uprising
On 16 May 1848 he left Algeria, reached Poznań and took part - together with his brothers Paweł (b. 1825) and Ignacy (b. 1835) - in the Greater Poland uprising. He took part in the battles of Książ on 29 April 1848 and the following day at Miłosław.
In the Russian army
According to Stanisław Łaniec, only after the surrender of the uprising did Staniewicz leave for France, where he enlisted in the regular French army and did not return to Lithuania until 1852 when he was sent to the Russian army as a punishment. According to Janusz Wojtasik, he left for Lithuania in 1848, and in 1851 was sent to the Caucasian Corps as a punishment for serving in a foreign army.
While serving in the distinguished himself in the battles against Imam Shamil's forces, receiving a decoration, and in 1855 was promoted to the rank of ensign and dismissed. He returned to Samogitia and settled in , on the estate of Eligiusz Kownacki, marshal of the Šiauliai District. He remained under police surveillance for two more years. Kownacki gave him the Kownaty estate, where he settled and set up a distillery. In 1861 he married Maria Kontowtówna.
Participation in the January Uprising
He was re-involved in the work of the uprising by the priest Antanas Mackevičius, and Bolesław Dłuski in organisational work. After the uprising broke out, he organised a detachment of about 100 people in the estate of (4 km south of Papilė) and was appointed head of the Šiauliai District. On April 11 he fought a battle on the road from Šiauliai to Biliūniškės with a 600-strong Russian detachment that had come to break up his group. On April 28 he fought another battle at the Biliūniškės manor house. Beaten by the Russians on 21 May near Tryškiai, he broke through to the south and joined his now 400-man detachment with the parties of Father Antanas Mackevičius, Ignacy Laskowski and Paulin Bohdanowicz.
On June 2 the group was attacked near Užventis by a Russian unit, the attack was successfully repulsed. Staniewicz fought in the group until June 6 and the battle of Tytuvėnai. He then broke off and headed towards the sea to secure the landing of Colonel Teofil Łapiński, who was carrying arms for the insurgents. Łapiński's expedition was unsuccessful. Staniewicz took over a large part of Bolesław Dłuski's unit near Pajūris, who himself went abroad. Staniewicz then headed south, where he encountered a 630-man Russian unit near Modroga on 12 July. His 170-man detachment was unable to resist the enemy and was beaten.
He then proceeded to Tauragė and began partisan fighting in the districts of Raseiniai and Šiauliai. The detachment grew to 300 partisans. The detachment hid in the forests near Lyduvėnai and then Lidomin, all the time avoiding a clash with the enemy. Staniewicz divided the grouping into five independent detachments, acting in coordination. In early October, the leaders of the units still operating in Samogitia decided to give the Russians a battle. On 19 October, the battle of Daniliškės took place, in which 25 insurgents were killed, including Paweł Staniewicz, Jan's brother. He fought until November. He then went into exile.
Emigration and the last years of his life
The Russians confiscated Kownaty and sent Staniewicz's wife to Tsivilsk (Kazan Governorate). Later she was sent to Nizhny Novgorod and after a few years was allowed to settle in Warsaw.
Staniewicz in France wrote down his Pamiętnik z r. 1863 [...] dowódcy oddziału w powiecie szawelskim (), which was burnt down in Warsaw during the Second World War. After returning from France, he settled in Kraków, where his wife had fled from Russia. After his wife's death in 1871, he lived in Kraków for many more years. In 1896 he returned to Samogitia and lived with Ludwik Gużewski, the husband of his only daughter Helena, in Kamienskoje. After his death on 21 February 1904 he was buried in the cemetery in Upyna. His grandson was , a major in the Polish army.
References
Sources
1823 births
1904 deaths
January Uprising participants
The 1999 season of the Bhutanese A-Division was the fifth recorded season of top-flight football in Bhutan. The league was won by Druk Pol, their fourth title in a row and the first time a Bhutanese team had won four titles consecutively.
References
Bhutan A-Division seasons
Bhutan
Bhutan
football
is a former Japanese football player.
Playing career
Yoshida was born in Suita on August 25, 1974. After graduating from Keio University, he joined J1 League club Kashiwa Reysol in 1997. However he could not play at all in the match behind Yoichi Doi and Yuta Minami until 1998. From 1999, he battles with Minami for the position and he played many matches in 1999 and 2000. The club also won the champions 1999 J.League Cup and the 3rd place 1999 and 2000 J1 League. However he could hardly play in the match from 2001. In 2003 he moved to his local club Gamba Osaka. However he could hardly play in the match behind Naoki Matsuyo. In 2005, he moved to across town to the Gamba Osaka rivals, Cerezo Osaka. He became a regular goalkeeper and played full time in all matches in 3 seasons. In 2005, the club finished at 5th place and he was also selected Best Eleven. However the club was finished at 17th place in 2006 and was relegated to J2 League from 2007. In 2008, he moved to J2 club Avispa Fukuoka. In 2008, he battles with Ryuichi Kamiyama for the position and played many matches. In 2009, although he became a regular goalkeeper, his lost opportunity to play behind Yuji Rokutan from September. In 2010, he moved to Japan Football League club FC Machida Zelvia. He played many matches in 2 seasons and the club was promoted to J2 from 2012 season. However he retired end of 2011 season.
Club statistics
References
External links
1974 births
Living people
Keio University alumni
Association football people from Osaka Prefecture
People from Suita
Japanese footballers
J1 League players
J2 League players
Japan Football League players
Kashiwa Reysol players
Gamba Osaka players
Cerezo Osaka players
Avispa Fukuoka players
FC Machida Zelvia players
Association football goalkeepers
Imma congrualis is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Walsingham in 1900. It is found in New Guinea.
The wingspan is 25–28 mm. The forewings are fuscous, faintly purplish-tinged and with an indistinct dark fuscous discal dot at three-fifths, in females with a narrow terminal fascia of dark fuscous suffusion, in males linear and nearly obsolete. The hindwings in males have a shallow submedian groove, furnished with some rather dark fuscous long hairs, in females becoming more blackish-fuscous posteriorly.
References
Moths described in 1900
Immidae
Moths of New Guinea
This article presents lists of the literary events and publications in 1519.
Events
The chivalric romance Libro del muy esforzado e invencible caballero Don Claribalte (Book of the most vigorous and invincible knight Don Claribalte), the first literary work by Gonzalo Fernández de Oviedo y Valdés, is published in Valencia (Spain) by Juan Viñao. In the foreword (dedicated to Ferdinand, Duke of Calabria), Oviedo relates that the work has been conceived and written in the Captaincy General of Santo Domingo (the Caribbean island of Hispaniola), where he has been working since 1514, allowing it to claim to be the first literary work created in the New World.
New books
Prose
Lopo Homem, Pedro Reinel and Jorge Reinel (illustrated by António de Holanda) – "Miller Atlas"
William Horman – Vulgaria
John Rastell – The Abbreviacion of Statutis
Drama
John Rastell – The Four Elements (A new Interlude and a Mery of the Elements, approximate date)
Poetry
Bergadis – Apokopos (first book in Modern Greek)
Thomas Murner – Geuchmat ("Meadow of Fools")
Santikirti – Santinatha Purana
Timanna – Parijatapahanannamu
Births
February 19 – Froben Christoph of Zimmern, Swabian noble and chronicler (died 1566)
March 17 – Thoinot Arbeau, born Jehan Tabourot, French priest and writer (died 1596)
May 27 – Girolamo Mei, Italian humanist historian (died 1594)
Unknown date – Gutierre de Cetina, Spanish poet and soldier (died 1554)
1519 or 1520 – Nicholas Grimald, English poet and translator (died 1562)
Deaths
May 9 – Jodocus Trutfetter, German philosopher and theologian (born 1460)
June 30 – Wigand Wirt, German theologian (born 1460)
September 10 – John Colet, English churchman and Biblical scholar, best known for his sermons (born 1467)
December 25 – Rudolph von Langen, German Catholic humanist and poet (born c.1438)
Unknown dates
Anna Bülow, Swedish abbess, writer and translator
William Grocyn, English scholar, friend and executor of Erasmus
Ferceirtne Ó Curnín, Irish poet
Domhnall Glas Ó Curnín, Irish poet
References
1519
1519 books
Years of the 16th century in literature
Dinwiddie is an unincorporated community in Eagle Creek Township, Lake County, Indiana.
History
Dinwiddie was the name of a family of pioneer settlers.
The Chicago and Wabash Valley Railroad attempted to build a line through here from 1898, which was to run from Rensselaer on the Monon Railroad to Crown Point and Gary. The Monon took over in 1914, and left the project unfinished north of Dinwiddie which hence became a railroad terminus. The stub line was abandoned in 1935.
Geography
Dinwiddie is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Lake County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Paul Fielding (born 4 December 1955) is a former English footballer who played as a midfielder.
He began his professional football career with Rochdale, where he played for four seasons before being released by the club in 1976.
He was then signed for Sligo Rovers by manager Billy Sinclair and went on to enjoy a successful career in Ireland with Rovers along with spells at other Irish clubs.
References
1955 births
Living people
English footballers
Association football midfielders
Rochdale A.F.C. players
Sligo Rovers F.C. players
English Football League players
An incontinence pad is a small, impermeable multi-layered sheet with high absorbency that is used in the incontinence and health-care industries as a precaution against fecal or urinary incontinence. It is generally made of cotton if washable, or paper if disposable. Incontinence diapers (or incontinence nappies) are a common incontinence pad. Incontinence pads are usually placed in an undergarment or on a bed or chair under a person. Incontinence pads are manufactured in light and heavy grades which offer a range of absorbencies, often referred to as a 'working capacity', which refers to the true absorbency an incontinence pad offers when in use. These sorts of pads can come as panty-liners, inserts, pads or even available as replacement underwear.
In the UK, chair or bed based protective pads, known as chair pads or bed pads, are commonly used in healthcare settings where incontinence may be an issue. They are usually constructed in layers of quilted absorbent fabric and alternating liquid impermeable plastic or polyurethane. Products containing polyurethane are generally considered better as they provide a waterproof backing, whilst still allowing air to circulate reducing the risk of rashes and sores.
Healthcare
Incontinence pads are often overused in people with dementia. Guidelines suggest that treatment should always be preferred to containment as pads can be uncomfortable and negatively affect the person's dignity. Balanced diet, exercise, hand hygiene and prompts to go to the toilet should be preferred over using pads. An ethnographic study in the UK pointed out the existence of "pad culture" which means that the main care strategy was the use of continence pads even in cases where people were continent. The main reasons for this strategy were fears about safety and falls which kept people in their beds and did not support independence. This mode of caring often lead to undignified situations and the use of demeaning language.
See also
Adult diaper
Rothwell scale
References
External links
incontinence pads: A Complete Guide
Independent continence product advisor
Urinary incontinence
Incontinence
Racism in Sudan is a complex matter due to the racial mixture of various populations. Sudanese Arabs are among the 600 ethnic groups who live there, and there are elements within Arab Sudanese society that view black people and blackness with disfavor. Sudan is dominated by a light-skinned, Arabic-speaking elite, while black Africans often face oppression and marginalization. Sudan has been in the Arab League since 1956. Skin whitening is relatively common among some Sudanese. The preference for light skin in Sudanese society is rooted in the legacies of slavery and colonialism. Skin color is not the sole determining factor in distinction between Sudanese Arabs and Sudanese Africans. The extent that a person has Arab ancestry, speaking the Arabic language, and practicing Islam can be associated with being "Arab" and "non-black" and can determine social status. Sudanese conceptions of race differ from conceptions of race in the Western world. Many dark-skinned Sudanese, such as former president Omar al-Bashir, would be considered "black" in a country such as the United States but are considered "non-black" within Sudan.
According to a CBS news article published in 1999, slaves have been sold for US$50 apiece. In September, 2000, the U.S. State Department alleged that "the Sudanese government's support of slavery and its continued military action which has resulted in numerous deaths are due in part to the victims' religious beliefs." Jok Madut Jok, professor of History at Loyola Marymount University, states that the abduction of women and children of the south by north is slavery by any definition. The government of Sudan insists that the whole matter is no more than the traditional tribal feuding over resources.
During the Second Sudanese Civil War people were taken into slavery; estimates of abductions range from 14,000 to 200,000. Abduction of Dinka women and children was common.
The Darfur conflict has been described by some as a racial matter. Unlike the Southern Sudanese the Fur people are primarily Muslims so the conflict has been argued to be more ethnic rather than religious, although debates about water and land usage were also a factor.
Beginning in 1991 elders of the Zaghawa people of Sudan complained that they were victims of an intensifying Arab apartheid campaign. Vukoni Lupa Lasaga has accused the Sudanese government of "deftly manipulat(ing) Arab solidarity" to carry out policies of apartheid and ethnic cleansing against non-Arabs in Darfur. Alan Dershowitz has pointed to the extremely prevalent elite-sponsored colorism in Sudan as an example of a government that deserves the appellation "apartheid," and former Canadian Minister of Justice Irwin Cotler has also criticized Sudan in similar terms.
Footnotes
See also
Arab slave trade
Slavery in Sudan
The Black Book: Imbalance of Power and Wealth in the Sudan
Anti-black racism in Africa
Sudan
Sudan
Sudan
Society of Sudan
The Cortland Condit House is a historic house located on Center Street in Putnam, Putnam County, Illinois. The house was built in 1849-50 by Cortland Condit, a farmer who came to Putnam County from New York in 1836. Condit founded the community of Putnam, which was originally named Condit in his honor. The Greek Revival house is the oldest brick building in Senachwine Township. The house's front entrance features a portico with square columns and gingerbread-style decoration, while the rear entrance has a brick archway. The house's windows are all six-over-six, as is common in Greek Revival homes. The gable roof features an entablature with cornice returns below its eaves.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 16, 1983.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Illinois
Greek Revival architecture in Illinois
Houses completed in 1850
Buildings and structures in Putnam County, Illinois
National Register of Historic Places in Putnam County, Illinois
Yun Sung-hwan (Hangul: 윤성환; born October 8, 1981 in Busan, South Korea) is a starting pitcher for the Samsung Lions of the KBO League. His nickname is Yun Taeja (Crown Prince Yun), for being the best pitcher that Sun Dong-yol has trained.
Amateur career
Upon graduation from Busan Commerce High School in , Yun started his collegiate career at Dong-eui University in Busan. He led his team to two consecutive gold medals in the baseball tournament at the Korean National Sports Festival in and , and helped his team to win their first national baseball championship as a starter and closer in .
Professional career
Yun was selected by the Samsung Lions in the 2nd round (8th pick, 15th overall) of the KBO Draft.
Yun wanted to join the Lotte Giants, the team from his hometown, however, head coach Sun Dong-yol, currently the manager of Samsung Lions saw great potential in Yun and scouted him.
2009
On July 30, , Yun pitched the whole game for the first time in his pro career against the LG Twins. He won against all 7 teams on August 5 and became the ace of the Samsung Lions.
Yun ranked first among KBO pitchers in total victories with 14 wins in 2009.
2015
After the 2014 season, he broke the record for the best FA contract ever with a four-year, eight billion won contract (4.8 billion won, annual salary 800 million won).
References
External links
Career statistics and player information from Korea Baseball Organization
Yun Sung-hwan at Samsung Lions Baseball Club
1981 births
Living people
South Korean baseball players
Samsung Lions players
KBO League pitchers
Sportspeople from Busan
Dickinson is an unincorporated community in Clarke County, Alabama, United States. Dickinson is the hometown of Tom Franklin, a crime fiction writer.
Geography
Dickinson is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Alabama
Unincorporated communities in Clarke County, Alabama
The Irish Literary Society was founded in London in 1892 by William Butler Yeats, T. W. Rolleston ,and Charles Gavan Duffy. Members of the Southwark Irish Literary Club met in Clapham Reform Club and changed the name early in the year. On 13 February they met again to form a committee. Evelyn Gleeson became secretary. Stopford Brooke gave the inaugural lecture to the society, on "The Need and Use of Getting Irish Literature into the English Tongue" (Bloomsbury House, 11 March 1893).
The Society developed a proposal for a New Irish Library, a series of books to honor Irish culture, with Rolleston and Douglas Hyde as editors. Limerick man Michael MacDonagh, author and Parliamentary correspondent for the Times, was an active member and editor of the Society's quarterly Gazette.
A Book of Irish Verse, designed to publicise the new societies, was published in 1895, edited by Yeats and dedicated "To the Members of the National Literary Society of Dublin and the Irish Literary Society of London." It featured poetry by Rolleston, Hyde, Katharine Tynan, Lionel Johnson, AE and several others, with notes and an introduction by himself.
Arthur Conan Doyle, of Irish descent, and with a keen interest in Ireland, chaired the Irish Literary Society's dinner on 13 February 1897. He spoke on 'The Irish Brigade'.
Notable members
D. P. Moran
Ethel Rolt Wheeler (committee member)
William Gibson, 2nd Baron Ashbourne (vice-president)
David James O'Donoghue
C. R. Cooke-Taylor (honorary secretary)
Stephen Gwynn (secretary)
Edmund Downey
Michael MacDonagh (1862-1946)
Peter Berresford Ellis
Charles Russell, first Baron Russell of Killowen (vice-president)
Richard Barry O'Brien (founder-member, chairman for twelve years and president for another six)
John O'Connor Power
Joseph R. Fisher, newspaper editor and Unionist representative on the Irish Boundary Commission
Alfred Perceval Graves (president)
Eleanor Hull (president)
Laurence Ginnell
Helen Waddell (vice-president)
Mark F. Ryan
Richard Ashe King (president 1925-32)
See also
Irish Literary Revival
National Literary Society
References
Organizations established in 1892
Cultural organisations based in London
Irish writers' organisations
The lithium-titanate or lithium-titanium-oxide (LTO) battery is a type of rechargeable battery which has the advantage of being faster to charge than other lithium-ion batteries but the disadvantage of having a much lower energy density.
Uses
Titanate batteries are used in certain Japanese-only versions of Mitsubishi's i-MiEV electric vehicle as well as Honda's EV-neo electric bike and Fit EV. They are also used in the Tosa concept electric bus. Because of the battery's high level of safety and recharge capabilities, LTO batteries are used in car audio applications as well as mobile medical devices.
An LTO battery is also used in the S-Pen that comes with the Samsung Galaxy Note 20 Ultra 5G.
According to a Weatherflow Co. article, the Tempest weather-station device contains a 1300mAh LTO battery, charged via four solar panels, requiring "at least 4 hours of adequate sunlight every two weeks."
Chemistry
A lithium-titanate battery is a modified lithium-ion battery that uses lithium-titanate nanocrystals, instead of carbon, on the surface of its anode. This gives the anode a surface area of about 100 square meters per gram, compared with 3 square meters per gram for carbon, allowing electrons to enter and leave the anode quickly. Also, the redox potential of Li+ intercalation into titanium oxides is more positive than that of Li+ intercalation into graphite. This leads to fast charging (higher charging current) being much safer in the case of the titanate, than in the case of carbon, since lithium dendrites are less likely to form in the former case. Lithium-titanate cells last for 3000 to 7000 charge cycles; a life cycle of ~1000 cycles before reaching 80% capacity is possible when charged and discharged at , rather than the standard .
A disadvantage of lithium-titanate batteries is their lower inherent voltage (2.4 V), which leads to a lower specific energy (about 30–110 Wh/kg) than conventional lithium-ion battery technologies, which have an inherent voltage of 3.7 V. Some lithium-titanate batteries, however, have an energy density of up to 177 Wh/L.
Brands and uses
Log9 Materials
Log9 is launching its tropicalised-ion battery (TiB) backed by lithium Ferro-phosphate (LFP) and lithium-titanium-oxide (LTO) battery chemistries. Unlike LFP and LTO, the more popular NMC (Nickel Manganese Cobalt) chemistry does not have the requisite temperature resilience to survive in Indian conditions. LTO is not only temperature resilient, but also has a very long life and is robust.
Altairnano
Altairnano produces lithium-titanate batteries under the "Nanosafe" line, mainly for battery electric vehicles. Vehicle manufacturers that have announced plans to use Altairnano batteries include Lightning Car Company, which plans to use them for the Lightning GT, an all-electric sports car; Phoenix Motorcars, for use in its electric sport-utility vehicles; and in Proterra, its all-electric EcoRide BE35 lightweight 35-foot bus.
Altairnano has also deployed their lithium-titanate energy storage systems for electric grid ancillary services as well as various military applications.
Leclanché
Leclanché is a Swiss battery manufacturer founded in 1909. In 2006, it acquired Bullith AG (Germany) to
establish a Li-Ion manufacturing line in Germany. In 2014, their product, "TiBox", was launched in the market. The energy content of the TiBox is 3.2 kWh, with an expected 15,000 cycle life spans.
Microvast
Microvast, based in Houston, Texas, makes a lithium-titanate battery that it calls "LpTO". In 2011, the world's first ultrafast charge bus fleet was launched in Chongqing, China. An 80 kWh LpTO battery system was installed in 37 twelve-meter electric buses, which can be fully charged within 10 minutes with a 400 kW charger.
As of 2014, a British bus OEM, Wrightbus, started to use Microvast LpTO batteries for 1,000 units of double-decker New Routemaster buses. An 18 kWh LpTO battery system is used to replace the initial Lithium Iron Phosphate battery because the LFP battery encountered performance failure.
As of 2015, the European ZeEUS (zero emission urban transport system) was launched. Its VDL bus uses a 62.5 kWh LpTO battery system from Microvast for this demonstration project.
As of 2016, the world's largest automated port, PSA TUAS, started to use the Microvast LpTO for 22 electric AGVs as a first phase of a project for horizontal container transportation.
Samsung
The Bluetooth-enabled S-Pen in the Samsung Galaxy Note 10 and 10+ contains a lithium-titanate battery which has a stand-by time of 10 hours.
Seiko
Seiko uses lithium-titanate batteries in its Kinetic (automatic quartz) wristwatches. Earlier Kinetic watches used a capacitor to store energy, but the battery provides a larger capacity and a longer service life. A technician can easily replace the battery when its capacity eventually deteriorates to an unacceptable level.
Toshiba
Toshiba released a lithium-titanate battery, dubbed "Super Charge Ion Battery" (SCiB). The battery is designed to offer 90% charge capacity in just 10 minutes.
SCiB batteries are used in the Schwinn Tailwind electric bike. Toshiba has also demonstrated its use as a prototype laptop battery. Toshiba SCiB batteries are used in a Japan-only version of Mitsubishi's i-MiEV and Minicab MiEV electric vehicles, and Honda uses them in its EV-neo electric bike and Fit EV, which launched in the summer of 2012.
JR Central's N700S Shinkansen uses SCiB batteries to operate at low speed in the event of a disruption to overhead power.
Their lithium-titanate battery is low voltage (2.3 nominal voltage), with low energy density (between the lead-acid and lithium-ion phosphate), but has extreme longevity, charge/discharge capabilities and a wide amount of operating temperatures.
YABO
YABO Power Technology released a lithium-titanate battery in 2012. The standard model YB-LITE2344 2.4V/15Ah battery cell has been used in electric vehicle and energy storage systems.
See also
List of battery types
List of battery sizes
Comparison of battery types
Battery (electricity)
Electrochemical cell
Energy storage
Fuel cell
Lithium iron phosphate battery
References
Lithium-ion batteries
Rechargeable batteries
Transient erythroporphyria of infancy is a cutaneous condition reported in infants exposed to blue lights for the treatment of indirect hyperbilirubinemia characterized by marked purpura in skin exposed to the UV light.
See also
Porphyria
Skin lesion
References
Skin conditions resulting from errors in metabolism
is a railway station on the Himi Line in the city of Himi in Toyama Prefecture, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).
Lines
Shimao Station is a station on the Himi Line, and is located 13.5 kilometers from the opposing end of the line at .
Station layout
Shimao Station consists of a single ground-level side platform, serving a single bi-directional track. The station is unattended.
Adjacent stations
History
Shimao Station was opened on April 5, 1912. With the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987, the station came under the control of the West Japan Railway Company. A new station building was completed in February 2009.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2015, the station was used by an average of 197 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
Surrounding area
National Route 415
Shimao Post Office
Shimao Swimming Beach
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Railway stations in Toyama Prefecture
Stations of West Japan Railway Company
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1912
Himi Line
Himi, Toyama
San Xavier may refer to:
Francis Xavier (1506–1552), Roman Catholic missionary
San Javier, Ñuflo de Chávez, Santa Cruz Department, Bolivia
San Xavier, Arizona, a town
San Xavier Indian Reservation, near Tucson, Arizona, United States
Mission San Xavier del Bac, a historic Spanish Catholic mission on San Xavier Indian Reservation
San Xavier talus snail or Sonorella eremita, a species of air-breathing land snail
See also
San Javier (disambiguation)
St. Xavier (disambiguation)
Jaan Ehlvest (born 14 October 1962) is an Estonian-American chess player. He was awarded the title Grandmaster by FIDE in 1987. Ehlvest was Estonian champion in 1986. Since 2006, he has represented the United States.
He was named Estonian Athlete of the Year in 1987 and 1989. From July 1990 to July 1991, he was among the top 10 on the FIDE world rankings, peaking at number 5 in the list of January 1991.
Career
Ehlvest's tournament victories include the 1980 USSR Junior Chess Championship, the 1983 European Junior Championship, the 1986 Estonian Championship, the 1994 New York Open, and the 2003 World Open in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. When SK Rockaden won the 2001 Swedish championship they fielded Ehlvest.
He was a member of the gold medal-winning Soviet Union team at the 28th Chess Olympiad in Thessaloniki 1988 and played for Estonia in the Chess Olympiads of 1992–2004.
In 2006, unsatisfied with the lack of support from the Estonian Chess Federation, Ehlvest decided to move to the United States; since then, he has been a member of the USCF and competed internationally for the US.
In March 2007, Ehlvest accepted an invitation to play an eight-game match against the chess program Rybka, one of the strongest chess programs in existence. He was playing Black in all games, but was given pawn odds (Rybka was playing each game a pawn down; a different white pawn was removed in each game). He lost the match by 2½:5½ (+1−4=3). In a following rematch, the pawn odds were removed, Ehlvest was given White in every game, twice the time on the clock, and significant computational handicaps were placed on the machine. Ehlvest lost decisively, 1½:4½.
In 2008 he won the Pan American-Continental Championship, which took place in Boca Raton, Florida.
Personal life
Ehlvest's younger brother, Jüri Ehlvest, was a well-known writer in Estonia.
Ehlvest studied psychology at Tartu State University (now, University of Tartu). In 2004, Ehlvest published his autobiography, The Story of a Chess Player.
References
Further reading
External links
1962 births
Living people
Chess grandmasters
Chess Olympiad competitors
Estonian chess players
Soviet chess players
Estonian emigrants to the United States
American chess players
University of Tartu alumni
Sportspeople from Tallinn
The New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission (LPC), formed in 1965, is the New York City governmental commission that administers the city's Landmarks Preservation Law. Since its founding, it has designated over a thousand landmarks, classified into four categories: individual landmarks, interior landmarks, scenic landmarks, and historic districts.
The New York City borough of Manhattan consists of the main island of Manhattan; the neighborhood of Marble Hill, located on the North American mainland; and several smaller islands. The LPC has designated fifteen landmarks on four smaller islands in Manhattan, including two historic districts, twelve individual landmarks, and one interior landmark. These designations comprise two on Ellis Island, six on Governors Island, one on Liberty Island, and six on Roosevelt Island. The designations include the Statue of Liberty, a national monument, as well as numerous buildings that are all also on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).
Context
The New York City borough of Manhattan contains numerous smaller islands in addition to the main island of Manhattan. Three of these islands, Ellis Island, Governors Island, and Liberty Island, are located in Upper New York Bay, though jurisdiction of Ellis Island is shared with neighboring Jersey City, New Jersey, and Liberty Island is an exclave of Manhattan within New Jersey. There are also several islands in the East River, including U Thant Island, Roosevelt Island, Mill Rock, and Randalls and Wards Islands, which are legally part of Manhattan.
The New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission (LPC) is the New York City governmental commission that administers the city's Landmarks Preservation Law. Formed in 1965, the commission administers four types of landmarks: individual landmarks, which consist of the exteriors of objects or structures; interior landmarks, which consist of the interiors of structures; scenic landmarks, which include city-owned "parks or other landscape features"; and historic districts, which consist of geographically cohesive collections of buildings with a distinct architectural style. Some are also on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP), a separate program administered by the National Park Service. , the LPC has designated 149 historic districts, 1,439 individual landmarks, 120 interior landmarks, and 11 scenic landmarks.
The smaller islands in Manhattan contain two historic districts, twelve individual landmarks, and one interior landmark. Both historic districts contain landmarks within them: the Ellis Island Historic District includes one interior landmark while the Governors Island Historic District contains five individual landmarks. , all twelve individual landmarks on Manhattan's smaller islands are on the NRHP; Ellis Island and the Statue of Liberty are also part of the Statue of Liberty National Monument, and all landmarks on Governors Island are also part of the Governors Island National Monument. In addition, the Statue of Liberty is a World Heritage Site designated by UNESCO, and both the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island are on the New Jersey Register of Historic Places.
History
The LPC designated its first landmarks on smaller islands in Manhattan during 1967, when five buildings on Governors Island were given individual-landmark status. The LPC subsequently gave individual-landmark status to six buildings on Roosevelt Island in March 1976; the structures included a house, a lighthouse, a chapel, and three former hospitals. That September, the LPC also designated the Statue of Liberty as a city landmark. The LPC designated the entirety of Ellis Island as a historic district in 1993, although most of the island is in New Jersey. The interior of the registry room inside Ellis Island's main building was also designated at the same time. In 1997, the LPC designated of Governors Island as a historic district, which included approximately 100 buildings. The designation overlays that of the five individual landmarks that had been previously designated.
Despite the protections given by the LPC, some landmarks have fallen into decay after their designations. These landmarks have included the Octagon Tower, Blackwell House, and Smallpox Hospital on Roosevelt Island. The Octagon Tower was incorporated into an apartment complex in 2005 after the LPC approved the tower's renovation.
Historic districts
Individual landmarks
All of these individual landmarks are also listed on the NRHP.
Interior landmarks
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in New York City
National Register of Historic Places listings in Manhattan on islands
Notes
References
Locally designated landmarks in the United States
Manhattan smaller islands
New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission
An All-American team is an honorary sports team composed of the best amateur players of a specific season for each team position—who in turn are given the honorific "All-America" and typically referred to as "All-American athletes", or simply "All-Americans". Although the honorees generally do not compete together as a unit, the term is used in U.S. team sports to refer to players who are selected by members of the national media. Walter Camp selected the first All-America team in the early days of American football in 1889.
From 1947 to 1980, the American Baseball Coaches Association was the only All-American selector recognized by the NCAA.
Key
All-Americans
See also
Baseball awards#U.S. college baseball
References
College Baseball All-America Teams
All-America
Frederick Thomas Fisher (12 January 1920 – 1993) was an English professional footballer who played as a full-back.
References
1920 births
1993 deaths
Sportspeople from Wednesbury
English footballers
Association football fullbacks
Fallings Heath F.C. players
Grimsby Town F.C. players
Rochdale A.F.C. players
Boston United F.C. players
Spalding United F.C. players
Wisbech Town F.C. players
Barton Town F.C. (1880) players
Alford United F.C. players
English Football League players
János Martonyi (born in Kolozsvár, Hungary (today Cluj-Napoca, Romania), 5 April 1944) is a Hungarian politician, who served as Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1998 to 2002 and from 2010 to 2014. He is a member of the Fidesz – Hungarian Civic Union party. He was part of the Amato Group that unofficially drafted a new treaty for the European Union after the European Constitution was rejected by the French and Dutch voters.
He was a member of the Hungarian Socialist Workers' Party (MSZMP) which he entered in 1988, which later he declared as a personal mistake.
On 29 May 2010 he was reappointed as Minister of Foreign Affairs. His most prominent tasks were the development of a strong and effective foreign policy, and planning for Hungarian Presidency of the European Union from January to July 2011. He visited Slovakia before his inauguration on the occasion of the passing of the Hungarian law allowing citizenship to be given to Hungarians living in neighboring countries. The Slovak government has considered the new law to be an aggressive move, with insufficient negotiation between the two countries. Martonyi said that hysteria in Slovakia is a result of the election campaign there.
Martonyi's foreign policy's motto was a quote from 17th-century poet Miklós Zrínyi: "Don't hurt the Hungarian!"
His first visit abroad was to Serbia. Martonyi mentioned the improved relations between the two countries. He said that Hungary has to help Serbia join the European Union. Martonyi met Vuk Jeremić who said the Hungarian EU Presidency will be very important for the integration of the Western Balkan countries. The Hungarian foreign minister also met Prime Minister Mirko Cvetković and President Boris Tadić.
At the end of the Hungarian Presidency of the European Union he said "the past six months of Hungary's EU presidency demonstrated that Europe was able to function and react to challenges, even if sometimes slowly and unevenly". Martonyi noted that number of integration issues has resolved during EU presidency, including EU enlargement, the approval of the Roma Framework Strategy and the Danube Strategy, completion of accession negotiations with Croatia, as well as progress towards the admission of Romania and Bulgaria to the Schengen zone.
Martonyi is a member of the European Academy of Sciences and Arts.
References
1944 births
Living people
Politicians from Cluj-Napoca
Fidesz politicians
Foreign ministers of Hungary
Honorary Knights Grand Cross of the Order of St Michael and St George
Members of the European Academy of Sciences and Arts
Alex "Damps" Dampier (born ) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player and coach. He is a member of the British Ice Hockey Hall of Fame.
Playing career
Born in Nipigon, Ontario, Dampier combined playing ice hockey with a degree course in Physical Education at Lakehead University. He played for the Cape Cod Cubs in the Eastern Hockey League during the 1972–73 season before joining the Muskegon Mohawks in the International Hockey League the season after.
Dampier moved to the United Kingdom in 1978 and joined the Murrayfield Racers as a defender. He became the Racers' player-coach the following season and then only played intermittently for them from the beginning of the 1983–84 season until he retired from playing in 1985.
Coaching career
Club
Whilst still playing (and coaching) the Racers, the team won the Northern League in the 1978–79, 1979–80 and 1980–81 seasons; the Northern Autumn Cup in 1979 and 1980; and the Icy Smith Cup in 1979, 1980 and 1981. After he retired from playing he coached the Racers to the playoff finals in 1984 and 1985.
In the summer of 1985 Dampier joined the Nottingham Panthers as coach. In his second season with the Panthers they won the Norwich Union Trophy in 1986 and the Autumn Cup in 1991. They also won the playoffs in 1989, made the playoffs semifinals in 1990 and were losing finalists in the playoffs in 1992. Whilst with the Panthers, Dampier was twice named the British Ice Hockey Writers Association's Coach of the Year in 1987 and 1989.
Dampier moved to the Panthers' arch-rivals, the Sheffield Steelers, in January 1993. Whilst with the Steelers, he guided them to promotion from the British Hockey League Division 1 and the following season, in the Premier Division, he took them to the playoff weekend at Wembley Arena. He became the club's General Manager and hired Clyde Tuyl as the head coach. Together, Dampier and Tuyl guided the Steelers to the club's first league championship. The following season, 1995–96, the team again won the league championship (the final one before the formation of the Ice Hockey Superleague) as well as the playoffs and the Benson & Hedges Cup for the club's first grand slam. The Steelers again won the playoffs in 1996–97.
At the end of the 1997–98 season, Dampier left the Steelers for the Newcastle Riverkings. He then rejoined the Panthers as Director of Hockey midway through the 1999–00 season and guided them to the finals of the Challenge Cup. The following season, 2001–02, he shared the coaching duties with Paul Adey before he returned to the North East to join the Newcastle Vipers for their inaugural season, 2002–03, in the British National League, again teaming up with Clyde Tuyl.
International
Dampier's first involvement on the international scene came in 1981 when he was the coach of the Great Britain team at the World Championships Pool C tournament in Peking, China. It was an inauspicious start for his international coaching career as the GB team lost all their matches and did not take part in world competition again until 1990. However, Dampier was put in charge of the under-21 GB team between 1982 and 1988 when they won the bronze medal in Pool C twice.
In 1990 Dampier was again made coach to the senior team for the World Championships Pool D tournament in Cardiff, Wales. The team won all four of the games and gained promotion to Pool C. Despite high expectations in 1991, the team only finished fifth in the nine team tournament held in Copenhagen, Denmark. However, the following year, 1992, in Hull, England the team gained promotion to World Championships Pool B and, in 1993, promotion into Pool A. However, in 1994 in Bolzano, Italy, the team lost all their matches and were relegated back to Pool B.
Awards and honours
BIHWA Coach of the Year for 1986–87 and 1988–89.
Inducted to the British Ice Hockey Hall of Fame in 1995.
Footnotes
External links
British Ice Hockey Hall of Fame entry
1951 births
British Ice Hockey Hall of Fame inductees
Canadian ice hockey left wingers
Canadian ice hockey coaches
Cape Cod Cubs (EHL) players
Ice hockey people from Ontario
Living people
Murrayfield Racers players
Nottingham Panthers coaches
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Scotland
Diya may refer to:
Diya (lamp), a ghee or oil-based candle often used in religious ceremonies and worship
Diya (Islam), an Islamic term for monetary compensation for bodily harm or property damage
Diya (film), a 2018 Tamil- and Telugu-language film
Diya TV, American TV network dedicated to South Asian programming
Diya Women Football Club, a football club in Karachi, Pakistan
People with the name
Diya (actress) (born 1985), Indian actress
Deeya Maskey, Nepalese actress
Oladipo Diya (born 1944), Nigerian general
See also
Diaa, a given name
Diia, a Ukrainian electronic public administration platform
Dia (disambiguation)
Deeya, a given name
Syrus Marcus Ware is a Canadian artist, activist and scholar. He lives and works in Toronto, Ontario, Canada and is an Assistant Professor in the School of the Arts at McMaster University. He has worked since 2014 as faculty and as a designer for The Banff Centre. Ware is the inaugural artist-in-residence for Daniels Spectrum, a cultural centre in Toronto, and a founding member of Black Lives Matter Toronto. For 13 years, he was the coordinator of the Art Gallery of Ontario's youth program. During that time Ware oversaw the creation of the Free After Three program and the expansion of the youth program into a multi pronged offering.
He has published four books and in 2020 co-edited (with Rodney Diverlus and Sandy Hudson) Until We Are Free: Reflections on Black Lives Matter in Canada, a bestselling collection of reflections on the Black Lives Matter movement in Canada.
Early life and education
Syrus Marcus Ware was born in Montreal, Quebec and is the twin brother of entomologist Dr. Jessica Ware. He attended Etobicoke School of the Arts for high school before transferring to Forrest Hill Collegiate Institute. Ware studied art history and visual studies at University of Toronto and University of British Columbia, earning his Honours Bachelors in 2002. He studied with Joanne Tod and the late David Buller. During his studies he was the coordinator for the Centre for Women and Trans People at the University of Toronto.
Ware began his Masters of Arts in Sociology and Equity Studies in Education at the Ontario Institute for Studies in Education in 2006, graduating in 2010. Ware began his PhD in the Faculty of Environmental Studies at York University in 2014 and successfully defended this doctoral thesis in 2021. He is a Sylff Fellow and a Vanier Canada Graduate Scholarships scholar.
Career
Ware's work explores social justice frameworks and Black activist culture through performance, large scale drawing, installations, paintings and dance. He specifically focuses on issues surrounding gender, sexuality and race. Ware's art centres around his beliefs in social justice and activism.
Ware was selected to be part of the Toronto Biennial inaugural 2019 and 2022 exhibitions. At the 2019 Biennial he created Antarctica, a performance and interactive installation about white supremacy and climate change and Ancestors, Do You Read Us: Dispatches From The Future, an 8 channel video work created with Mishann Lau and set in 2072 in a world where Black and Indigenous people have survived climate change and race wars. His work has been shown at locations and events that include the Sydney Festival, the Art Gallery of Burlington, the Art Gallery of Ontario, The Art Gallery of Windsor, The University of Lethbridge Art Gallery, The Gladstone Hotel, and the Art Gallery of York University.
In 2021, Ware was commissioned to write a new play, Emmett, for obsidian theatre and CBC Gem. The play is set in a near future in a decidedly different landscape and follows Medgar (a reimagined, future living Medgar Evers) on the day that everything changes. The performance was filmed in Toronto in 2021 and features actor Prince Amponsah. Directed by Tanisha Taitt, the production began broadcasting on CBC Gem on February 12, 2021.
Community radio
For 17 years, Ware was the host of Resistance on the Sound dial, a community radio show on 89.5 CIUT FM. In the show he combined activist music with political interviews and conversations with activists and artists, such as Octavia E. Butler, New Zealand transgender MP Georgina Beyer, Ursula Rucker, Tumi & the Volume and Bob Moses from SNCC. He also participated in other shows on the station including Wench Radio, Radio OPIRG and By All Means.
Activism
Ware is a long time abolitionist - he has been an activist for 25 years. He is a core team member with Black Lives Matter - Toronto. He is a co-founder of Black Lives Matter - Canada and Wildseed Centre for Art and Activism. Ware has collaborated with Blackness Yes! over the last 18 years in order to create events like the trans and black stage at Pride called Blockorama. Ware is also one of the founding members of both the Toronto based Prison Justice Action Committee and the Gay Bi Queer Trans Mens HIV Prevention Working Group, which created "Primed: the Back Pocket Guide for Trans Guys and the Guys who Dig em" - the first sexual health resource for trans men who have sex with men in the world. He also helped to create TransFathers 2B, the first parenting course for trans men considering parenting in North America, based in The 519 Community Centre.
Ware has stated that his intent is to dismantle white supremacy within the arts and diversify the museum field.
Awards and honors
Now Magazine awarded Ware with the "Best Queer Activist" award in 2005. He received the TD Diversity Award in 2017. He was awarded the
Min Sook Lee Labour Arts Award, Mayworks Festival of Working People in the Arts in 2017. Ware is a Vanier Scholar and a Sylff Fellow.
In 2012, he received the Steinert & Ferreiro Award for LGBTQ activism, the largest award of its kind in Canada.
Bibliography
As editor
Queering Urban Justice: Queer of Colour Formations in Toronto (2018, University of Toronto Press, with Jin Haritaworn, Ghaida Moussa, and Río Rodríguez)
Marvellous Grounds: Queer of Colour Histories of Toronto (2018, Between the Lines, with Jin Haritaworn and Ghaida Moussa)
Until We Are Free: Reflections on Black Lives Matter in Canada (2020, University of Regina Press, with Rodney Diverlus and Sandy Hudson)
As artist
Love is in the Hair (2015, Flamingo Rampant Press, also author)
Bridge of Flowers (2018, Flamingo Rampant Press, with Leah Lakshmi Piepzna-Samarasinha - author)
I Promise (2019, Arsenal Pulp Press, with Catherine Hernandez - author)
Antarctica (2019, Toronto Biennial of Art)
This mixed media installation piece incorporates the themes: race, Anthropocene, politics and activism, and post-apocalyptic imaginary. The mediums include furniture, sheets, paint cans and various living space setting-like props. The piece was commissioned by the Toronto Biennial of Art with the RBC Emerging Canadian Artists Program providing support. The videographer and Editorial support was from Mishann Lau, as well as textile support provided by Merlin Hargreaves. The piece is connected with Ancestors, Can You Read Us? (Dispatches from the Future) 2019 at the Ryerson Image Centre.
Further reading
References
External links
1977 births
Living people
Activists from Montreal
Artists from Montreal
Black Lives Matter people
University of Toronto alumni
York University alumni
Writers from Montreal
LGBT artists from Canada
LGBT writers from Canada
Black Canadian LGBT people
Black Canadian artists
Transgender academics
Black Canadian activists
Transgender writers
Transgender artists
Transgender men
"Young & Free" is a single recorded by South Korean singers Xiumin and Mark, members of K-pop groups EXO and NCT respectively. It was released by S.M. Entertainment and distributed by Genie Music on July 7, 2017 through their digital music project SM Station.
Background and release
On June 28, S.M. Entertainment announced that Xiumin and Mark will collaborate for an SM Station track "Young & Free" set to be released on July 7. The agency also released a video clip of the two introducing their track "Young & Free" on their official Twitter page. On June 30, S.M. stated that the duo would be performing the song live during the SMTOWN concert that is set to take place on July 8. On the same day, teaser photos of the duo were released through S.M.'s official Twitter page. One July 5, an interview video of the duo talking about their collaboration and their friendship was released. A teaser of the music video was released on July 6. On July 7, the song along with the official music video were released.
Produced by Willie Weeks, "Young & Free" is described as a 90's vibe song featuring retro piano tunes and future-bass sounds, "Young & Free" is altogether a lively tune that features Xiumin's singing and Mark's rapping. The song's lyrics talk about how to live in the moment.
Music video
Released on July 7, the music video of "Young & Free" features Xiumin and Mark at what appears as a photographic studio playing around and dancing "freely". At the end of the music video the duo end up in a real forest.
Track listing
Charts
Weekly charts
Monthly charts
Sales
Release history
References
2017 songs
2017 singles
Korean-language songs
SM Entertainment singles
Songs written by Andreas Öberg
Future bass songs
Songs written by Drew Ryan Scott
The 2016 FIBA European Championship for Small Countries was the 15th edition of this tournament. It was hosted by Moldova.
Armenia won its first ever gold in this championship by beating Andorra in the final, 79–71.
Teams
After the withdrawal of Monaco, which was initially drawn in the Group B, eight countries joined the tournament:
The national team of Armenia made their official debut in a FIBA competition.
Draw
The draw took place on 22 January 2016.
Preliminary round
All times are local (UTC+3).
Group A
Group B
Classification round
All times are local (UTC+3).
Classification 5–8 places
Seventh place game
Fifth place game
Final round
All times are local (UTC+3).
Semifinals
Third place game
Final
Final ranking
References
External links
The Championship at FIBA.com
FIBA Europe website of the European Championship for Small Countries
FIBA European Championship for Small Countries
Small Countries
International sports competitions hosted by Moldova
Basketball in Moldova
2016 in Moldovan sport
FIBA European Championship for Small Countries
FIBA European Championship for Small Countries
Mechurchletukhutsesi () was the office of royal treasurer in the Medieval Georgia. The Royal Court Regulations described his position as exclusive: he dealt with customs, income tax, tax on merchants, the supply of money, gems and metal, as well as silver plate, dinner services and valuable fats used for lighting; he watched over city mayors and their expenditure.
See also
Court officials of the Kingdom of Georgia
References
Noble titles of Georgia (country)
Georgian words and phrases
Juárez is one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in northern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Ciudad Juárez. The municipality covers an area of .
In the 2010 INEGI Census, the municipality reported a total population of 1,332,131, of whom 1,321,004 (over 99%) lived in the municipal seat.
The municipality is named for 19th-century president Benito Juárez, as is the city of Ciudad Juárez.
Geography
Towns and villages
The municipality has 147 localities. The largest are:
Adjacent municipalities and counties
Guadalupe Municipality - southeast
Ahumada Municipality - south
Ascensión Municipality - west
Doña Ana County, New Mexico - northwest
El Paso County, Texas - north and northeast
References
Municipalities of Chihuahua (state)
Ciudad Juárez
Chihuahua (state) populated places on the Rio Grande
Gayla is a given name. Notable people with the name include:
Gayla Earlene (born 1954), Inola,Oklahoma Christian country music recording artist and musician
Gayla Drake Paul (born 1964), American guitarist and singer/songwriter
Gayla Peevey (born 1943), child star from Ponca City, Oklahoma who sang "I Want a Hippopotamus for Christmas" (Columbia, 1953)
Gayla Reid (born 1945), Australian-born Canadian writer
Gayla Leigh Shoemake (born 1941), pageant titleholder from El Dorado, Kansas who competed in the Miss America pageant in 1960
Gayla Trail, (born 1973), Canadian writer, gardener, designer, photographer, and blogger
Andrew Williams Loomis (June 27, 1797 – August 24, 1873) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio during the year 1837.
Biography
Born in Lebanon, Connecticut, Loomis earned his law degree from Union College, Schenectady, New York, in 1819. He was admitted to the bar, and moved to Canton, Ohio to practice law. He then moved to New Lisbon (now Lisbon), Ohio. He served as delegate to the National-Republican State convention in 1827 and 1828.
Loomis was elected as a Whig to the Twenty-fifth Congress and served from March 4, 1837, until October 20, 1837, when he resigned. He moved to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1839 and resumed his legal practice. He served as member of the Peace Conference of 1861 held in Washington, D.C., in an effort to devise means to prevent the impending war. He moved to Cleveland, Ohio, about 1868. He died while on a visit to Cumberland, Maryland, August 24, 1873. He was interred in Allegheny Cemetery, in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Sources
External links
1797 births
1873 deaths
People from Lebanon, Connecticut
People from Lisbon, Ohio
Ohio lawyers
Pennsylvania lawyers
Union College (New York) alumni
Whig Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
Burials at Allegheny Cemetery
19th-century American lawyers
Suzuki RG 500 was a Japanese road racing motorcycle manufactured by Suzuki which competed in the 500cc class of Grand Prix motorcycle racing from 1974 to 1980. The motorcycle won seven manufacturers' titles in succession and became the motorcycle of choice for privateer racers in the late 1970s.
The motorcycle was designed by Makoto Hase using the proven square-four, two stroke engine architecture that Suzuki had developed during their successful Grand Prix racing program in the 1960s. It replaced the previous Suzuki 500 Grand Prix race bike based on the road-going Suzuki TR500 production model that was developed by Suzuki's European importer and campaigned by Jack Findlay in the early 1970s.
The RG 500 was proven successful in its first race at the 1974 500cc French Grand Prix when Barry Sheene finished in second place behind the defending world champion, Phil Read, on the previously dominant MV Agusta. Sheene rode the motorcycle to its first Grand Prix race win at the 1975 500cc Dutch TT. Sheene rode an RG 500 to win the 1976 and 1977 500cc world championships.
The RG 500 was made available to the public in 1976 and allowed privateer racers to be competitive in the 500cc world championship. Suzuki dominated the 1976 500cc world championship with RG 500s taking 11 of the first 12 places in the premier class.
References
Rg 500
Grand Prix motorcycles
Weather Report is the tenth studio album by the American jazz fusion band Weather Report released in January 1982. The band's first album is also self-titled, causing confusion among consumers and retailers upon its release. It is the final album featuring bass guitarist Jaco Pastorius and drummer Peter Erskine in the rhythm section, bringing to an end what many fans considered the best lineup in the band's history.
Background
The album features an increasingly heavy use of synthesized orchestration from Josef Zawinul, who had been becoming even more dominant within the band's sound. Zawinul was by now frequently doubling the basslines on Quadra synthesizer, something which annoyed and alienated Pastorius, who also had reservations about Zawinul's electronic big band sound (and who was himself increasingly working on a side career with a mostly acoustic band).
The vast majority of the album was composed by Zawinul, with the exception of one Wayne Shorter piece and one collectively composed item assembled from a group jam. The center piece of the album is the three part "N.Y.C." The three movement suite starts with 41st Parallel, a bouncing groove showing off Erskine's unique touch on the drums. The second movement, The Dance, is a more traditional swing feel, but with Zawinul's synthesizer orchestration heavily laid on top. The final movement, Crazy About Jazz, is a cordial ending.
Track listing
"Volcano for Hire" (Zawinul) – 5:25
"Current Affairs" (Zawinul) – 5:54
"N.Y.C. (41st Parallel/The Dance/Crazy About Jazz)" (Zawinul) – 10:11
"Dara Factor One" (Zawinul) – 5:25
"When It Was Now" (Shorter) – 4:45
"Speechless" (Zawinul) – 5:58
"Dara Factor Two" (Zawinul, Shorter, Pastorius, Erskine, Thomas Jr.) – 4:27
Personnel
Josef Zawinul – electric keyboards, piano, synthesized horn/strings/brass/woodwind, clay drum, drum computer, percussion, voice, front cover concept
Wayne Shorter – tenor and soprano saxophones
Jaco Pastorius – bass guitar, percussion, vocals
Peter Erskine – drums, drum computer, claves
Robert Thomas Jr. – percussion
Technical
Neil Dorfsman and Mitch Gibson - engineer
Joseph Futterer and Richie Powell - art direction
Don Dixon - cover artwork
References
External links
Weather Report Annotated Discography: Weather Report (1982)
1982 albums
Columbia Records albums
ARC Records albums
Weather Report albums
Jacobus Yetzweirtius or Yetzweirt (born 1541) was a 16th-century nobleman who served in the Army of Flanders and wrote about the 1572 retaking of Oudenaarde.
Life
Yetzweirtius was born in Bergues-Saint-Winoc in 1541, to a noble family of slender means. After travelling widely, he took service in the Army of Flanders as an ensign. He took part in the retaking of Oudenaarde in October 1572, writing a Latin verse account of the action that was published in Ghent. Little is known of his later life.
Works
Aldenardias sive de subdola ac furtiva Guesiorum in civitatem Aldenardensem irreptione (Ghent, Joannes Lapidanus, 1573). On Google Books
Two pieces in Jacobus Sluperius, Poemata (Antwerp, Joannes Bellerus, 1575), pp. 289–291, 417–419. On Google Books
References
1541 births
Year of death unknown
Date of death unknown
16th-century Latin-language writers
Jean-Amand Lamaze (born in 1833 in Saint-Michel-sur-Meurthe) was a French clergyman and bishop for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Tonga. He was appointed bishop in 1879. He died in 1906.
References
1833 births
1906 deaths
French Roman Catholic bishops
Roman Catholic bishops of Tonga
The Philippine Nurse Licensure Examination is a 500-item multiple choice exam to test basic nursing level competency which considers the objectives of the nursing curriculum, the broad areas of nursing and other related disciplines and competencies. It is held every June and December annually in various public schools throughout the Philippines. Room assignment for the exams are posted outside the Professional Regulation Commission building at least three days before the exam.
Qualifications
At the time of filing the application for the examination of nurses, the applicant must:
Be a citizen of the Philippines, or a citizen or a subject of a country which permits Filipino nurses to practice within its territorial limits on the same basis of the subject or citizen of such country, provided that the requirements for the registration or licensing or nurses in said country are substantially the same as those prescribed in this RA 9173.
Be of good moral character
<li>Holder of a bachelor's degree in Nursing from a college or university that complies with the standards of nursing education duly recognized by the proper government agency.
Ratings
In order to pass the examination, an examinee must obtain a general average of at least seventy five percent (75%) with a rating of not below sixty percent (60%) in any of five test subjects.
Coverage
The scope or scope of the examination for the practice of nursing in the Philippines shall be determined by the Board. For the December 2007 examination, the Board of Nursing has released the detailed scope of nursing to the deans of the nursing colleges and universities of the Philippines through the Association of Deans of Philippine Colleges of Nursing (ADPCN).
June 2006 examination controversy
The controversy stemmed from the complaint of 92 examinees alleging leakage of questions in the nursing board examination. The complainants asked the Professional Regulation Commission to nullify the affected sections to preserve the integrity of the licensure examination.
The 92 complainants were later joined by 425 intervenors.[cite]
Examinees told the Senate and House of Representatives that on both days of the exam, they saw other examinees wearing white jackets with R.A. Gapuz Review Center printed on the back reading photocopies of what she would later discover were leaked questions from the review center.
The controversy triggered a debate on whether or not all the 42,000 examinees should retake the licensure test to maintain its integrity and standard.
The Professional Regulation Commission (PRC) eventually reversed its earlier pronouncements that there was no cheating when it announced that two BoN members leaked questions. According to one of the two members who were removed for “negligence,” she just inadvertently left copies in a Photocopy shop near the PRC-Manila office where she was photocopying her 500 questions. Others charged that the BoN members were bribed by the review centers to provide them with copies of their questions and answers. U.S. based media coverage of this scandal was sparse and little follow-up occurred. The test scandal was covered in depth in at least one nursing magazine, the article "A Breach of Integrity" by Geneviève M. Clavreul, RN. Ph.D. was published in November 2006.
In order to become eligible for a VisaScreen Certificate, CGFNS has required that a June 2006 passer must first re-take and pass, with a score of 75 percent or better, the “special voluntary examination” covering the subject matter of Tests 3 and 5. Passage of the NCLEX or the CGFNS Examination by any passer of the compromised June 2006 PRC examination will not substitute for the requirement that he or she takes the “special voluntary examination” authorized by Executive Order 609 issued by the Philippine Government on March 12, 2007.
Some 42,000 students sat the nursing examination last year but only about 17,000 passed. President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo has since ordered all 17,000 to re-take the exams, sparking an uproar from nurses who denied any involvement in wrongdoing.
A special review conducted by the Department of Labor and Employment in coordination with Centers of Excellence Nursing Schools provided for voluntary special review classes in preparation to the voluntary retake of the equivalent of Tests III and V of the June 2006 Board of Nursing Examination pursuant to Executive Order No. 609, series of 2007 from March 21 to April 4, 2007. The Special Review refers to the series of classes covering the topics included in Tests III and V of the June 2006 of Nursing Licensure Examination (NLE). This is offered exclusively on a voluntary basis to all nurses licensed under the June 2006 NLE. The voluntary examination will not affect the validity of licenses issued. It is offered merely to enhance employability of successful examinees to qualify for the CGFNS VisaScreen Certificate.
References
Nursing in the Philippines
Dee Ocleppo Hilfiger (née Deniz Caroline Erbuğ) is an American fashion designer and entrepreneur.
The former fashion model-turned financier (commodities broker) is married to fashion designer Tommy Hilfiger and is the mother of Italian professional tennis player and model Julian Ocleppo.
Early life
Dee Ocleppo Hilfiger was born in Cleveland, Ohio and raised in East Greenwich, Rhode Island. Her parents are Turkish and British immigrants and both moved to the United States to pursue academic careers. Her father, a retired radiologist, was born in Istanbul and her mother, a British microbiologist, was born in Birmingham, England.
Los Angeles-based photographer, videographer, and talent manager Jean Renard discovered Ocleppo Hilfiger and encouraged her to pursue modeling. Renard also discovered and managed the career of Niki Taylor.
Career
In recent years, Ocleppo Hilfiger has become most known for creating and serving as lead designer of the eponymous luxury accessory label Dee Ocleppo, which includes a line of handbags with interchangeable features.
Dee Ocleppo Label
Ocleppo Hilfiger initially suggested that her husband, Tommy Hilfiger, consider a line for his own iconic eponymous brand. However, Hilfiger convinced his wife to embark on creating a line of vintage-style luxury handbags under her own label. Among stylistic influencers of Ocleppo Hilfiger's label, she credits Lauren Hutton, Grace Kelly and her friend Iris Apfel.
Under the auspices of D.H. Designs LLC and with encouragement from HSN's CEO Mindy Grossman, Ocleppo Hilfiger launched her accessory line in 2012, selling her first handbag to the mega-retail luxury department store Harrods. She then opened a showroom at Trump Tower in Manhattan and more recently at Galeries Lafayette's flagship store in Paris.
In 2015, she launched Bag bar, which is a design-your-own accessory system for classic handbags, which was purchased by Kate Spade and Company.
In January 2017, Ocleppo Hilfiger announced that the Dee Ocleppo brand would partner with the Judith Leiber label, owned by Manhattan-based consumer brand and licensing conglomerate Authentic Brands Group, which also owns Jones New York, and department stores including Macy's, Bergdorf Goodman, Neiman Marcus, Bloomingdale's. As the new co-owner, she will become the brand's creative director and serve as its global ambassador.
Awards
In 2016, Ocleppo Hilfiger was presented with the "Rising Star Award" by Fashion Group International, the global nonprofit authority on trending apparel, accessories, as well as beauty merchandise and home products. Celebrities who have been photographed/carrying with Dee Ocleppo handbags in recent years in include Pippa Middleton, Olivia Palermo, Beyonce, Alicia Keys.
In 2015, Ocleppo Hilfiger was awarded The National Mother's Day Committee's "Outstanding Mother Awards" along with
Liz Rodbell, Joanna Coles, and Meredith Vieira.
On Mother's Day 2013, Ocleppo Hilfiger was the honored recipient of the "Moms 4 Mom" award by Autism Speaks in celebration of motherhood and autism advocacy.
Personal life
Deniz Carolina Erbug met pop star Mick Hucknall while she was in college, dating for two years during the 1990s.
At the age of 26 she married Gianni Ocleppo, an Italian tennis player, with whom she had had two sons, including Julian Ocleppo, raising them in Monte Carlo. They divorced in 2003.
Ocleppo met Hilfiger while vacationing with her two sons in Saint-Tropez in the summer of 2005. A friendship evolved and the couple celebrated an engagement in New York City attended by numerous celebrities and public figures including Russell Simmons, Anna Wintour, and Harvey Weinstein. The Hilfigers married in 2008. Their son was born in 2009.
Ocleppo Hilfiger is the mother of seven children and stepchildren, and is a proponent of The Family Dinner Project in an effort to "revive the lost art of dinner conversation." According to her website, she encourages family discussion and discourse without the interruption of cell phones, as one small way families can build cohesion and open dialogue in an age when technology can impede family communication.
Ocleppo is a maternal cousin of Shakespearean actor-director Brice Stratford.
References
External links
Official biography at deeocleppo.com
Official Fan Page
Twitter
Instagram: @mrshilfiger
Living people
American people of Turkish descent
Female models from Ohio
American fashion designers
American women fashion designers
1966 births
Lincoln School (Providence, Rhode Island) alumni
21st-century American women
Angelos Tsamis (alternate spelling: Aggelos) (; born October 2, 1981) is a Greek professional basketball player for Mykonos of the Greek 3rd division. Born in Kato Achaia, Greece, he is a 1.92 m (6 ft 3 in) tall shooting guard.
Professional career
Tsamis won the Greek 2nd Division championship with Olympias Patras in 2006. He also won the French Super Cup title with Limoges in 2012.
Awards and accomplishments
Greek 2nd Division: Champion (2006)
French Super Cup: Winner (2012)
External links
FIBA Europe Profile
Eurobasket.com Profile
Greek Basket League Profile
Greek Basket League Profile
French League Profile
Draftexpress.com Profile
1981 births
Living people
AEK B.C. players
Greek men's basketball players
Holargos B.C. players
Kolossos Rodou B.C. players
Limoges CSP players
Olympias Patras B.C. players
Promitheas Patras B.C. players
Shooting guards
People from Achaea
The spotted fantail (Rhipidura perlata) is a species of bird in the family Rhipiduridae.
It is found throughout Sumatra, Borneo and the southern Malay Peninsula. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
References
spotted fantail
Birds of Malesia
spotted fantail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Exercise Purple Warrior was a British military exercise conducted in south west Scotland in November, 1987. The exercise was designed to test lessons learned during the Falklands War and is estimated to have cost around £7.5 million ().
Most troops involved in this exercise left from Colchester by road to embark onto a small flotilla at Harwich docks and from there to the western coast of Scotland by beached landings. The Port Stanley situation was exercised from RAF West Freugh. HMS Illustrious was involved in the operation with 845 and 846 NAS embarked. 1 and 43 squadrons from the RAF were also involved as part of "Blue force" (i.e., the invaders) seeking to capture West Freugh from "Orange force" (i.e., the defenders).
The exercise was observed by 34 representatives from 20 countries, of which 12 being from Warsaw Pact countries at a cost to the United Kingdom of around £21,000 ().
The Exercise was the subject of two Editions of the BBC Television Factual series "Horizon" which aired in the UK on consecutive weeks in March 1988. Series 24, Episode 10 "Purple Warrior: Rules of Engagement" and Series 24, Episode 11 "Purple Warrior: Limited War"
References
Citations
Sources
External links
www.merchantnavyofficers.com
Purple Warrior
Purple Warrior
20th-century military history of the United Kingdom
1987 in the United Kingdom
November 1987 events in the United Kingdom
The 2002 UEFA Women's Cup Final was a football match that took place on 23 May 2002 at the Waldstadion, Frankfurt between Umeå IK of Sweden and 1. FFC Frankfurt of Germany.
The match was the final of the 2001–02 UEFA Women's Cup, the first edition of the UEFA Women's Cup/Women's Champions League.
Frankfurt won the single leg final 2–0. It was the only final of the Women's Cup to not be contested over two legs.
The attendance of over 12,000 was claimed by UEFA as a European record for women's club football, ignoring the existence of earlier reported women's club match attendances of up to 53,000.
Match
Details
External links
2001–02 UEFA Women's Cup season at UEFA.com
References
Women's Cup
Uefa Women's Cup Final 2002
2002
UEFA
2001–02 in German women's football
May 2002 sports events in Europe
Sports competitions in Frankfurt
2000s in Frankfurt
Holy Weather is the second album by South African alternative rock band Civil Twilight. Written and recorded in the years following their debut album, Civil Twilight, the album was released 26 March 2012 in both the United States and other regions including the United Kingdom, Canada and South Africa. The album has received generally positive reviews, with many comparing the outfit to early-generation U2.
Background and development
After the release of their debut album, Civil Twilight toured around the United States and Europe playing at many popular venues including Bonnaroo in 2011. After returning from that tour, the band began work on the album. According to a blog post on their website, Burial, James Blake and The National were some of the big influences on the direction of their album.
Critical reception
Holy Weather has received generally positive reviews since its release. Many reviews have made connections between Civil Twilight and some of their contemporaries, such as Muse, U2 and Radiohead.
Commercial performance
Holy Weather debuted at number 3 on the Billboard Heatseekers album chart. It stayed on the chart for more than two weeks, falling to number 31 by 13 April. The album also debuted at number 124 on the Billboard 200 and number 20 on the Rock Albums chart. The first single, Fire Escape charted at number 44 on the Rock Songs chart and number 22 on the Alternative Songs chart.
Track listing
Personnel
Steven McKellar – bass guitar, lead vocals, keyboards
Andrew McKellar – guitar, backing vocals
Richard Wouters – drums, percussion
References
Civil Twilight (band) albums
2012 albums
Yun-Fei Ji (; born 1963) is a Chinese painter. He has lived in New York since 1990.
Life
Biography
When he was 10 years old, Yun-Fei Ji's mother sent him to study with an officer who drew illustrations for the People's Liberation Army.
In 1982, he received a B.F.A. from the China Central Academy of Fine Arts, Beijing, P.R. China. During that time, the instructors at the Central Academy of Fine Arts still painted in a Socialist-realist propaganda style. In 1989, he received a M.F.A. from the University of Arkansas at Fayetteville in the Fulbright College of Arts and Sciences. Ji lives and works in Brooklyn, New York. He is represented by James Cohan Gallery.
Travel
Yun-Fei Ji took a trip to the ancient Silk Road area of northwest China. On this trip, he viewed Buddhist frescoes in the Mogao caves in Dunhuang, China. The narrative of the frescoes greatly influenced him and inspired him to create multiple works based on that expedition.
Ji also visited Louisiana after Hurricane Katrina, and made drawings of this experience. He says this about the experience:
"I saw this natural disaster as an example of government failure. And after the financial collapse, I saw similarities- how the government failed to do its job as a watchdog. It's very disproportionate in both cases how the people who put in all the work paid the price, and the people who benefited from all the work paid no price.".
Painting style
Yun-Fei paints traditionally, using the media ink and watercolor on rice paper and mulberry paper. In his painting process, he starts with multiple pencil drawings. When he wants to see something in color, he will paint it with ink or watercolor. His paintings generally include eerie looking characters.
Ji grew up with ghost stories, and he uses these as inspiration. He said:
"I use ghost stories as metaphors because it's an easy way to satirize human problems and issues.".
The ink and watercolor rendering at right demonstrates the artist's approach to imaginary creatures. The image is from the last section of a 60 foot long handscroll, The Village and its Ghosts, from 2014.
His inspiration also includes historical, cultural, and political messages, such as memories from the time of Maoist rule. Ji has an interest in including household items in his works, such as machines, fabrics, and musical instruments. He is also interested in the literary aspect of art:
"I try to mimic the method that underlies the formation of early Chinese characters: I invent forms that are like words to describe the world.".
Selected solo exhibitions
2010: "Ghosts and Men from Badong", James Cohan Gallery, Shanghai
"Mistaking Each Other for Ghosts", James Cohan Gallery, New York, NY
2007: Frieze Art Fair, Zeno X Gallery, London England
2006: "Water That Floats the Boat Can Also Sink It", James Cohan Gallery, New York, NY
(November – December 2006)
2005: "Great News Comes From the Collective Farm", ZenoX, Antwerp, Belgium
2004: "Boxers", SAFN Museum, Reykyavik, Iceland (through January 9, 2005)
"The Empty City", organized by Shannon Fitzgerald, Contemporary Art Museum St. Louis, Missouri; traveled to Pierogi, Brooklyn, New York; Provisions Library,
Gaea Foundation, Washington, DC; The Rose Museum, Brandeis University, Waltham, Massachusetts; Richard E. Peeler Art Center, DePauw University, Greencastle, Indiana (Feb– April 2005)
"Yun-Fei Ji: The East Wind", Institute of Contemporary Art, University of Pennsylvania,
Philadelphia
2003: "The One-Hundred Old Names", ZenoX, Antwerp, Belgium and The Pratt Manhattan
Gallery, New York, NY
2002: "The Boxer, the Missionary, and their Gods", POST, Los Angeles, CA
2001: "New Work", Pierogi, Brooklyn, New York
Selected group exhibitions
2011: "East Ex East", Brand New Gallery, Milan, Italy
"The 11th Biennale de Lyon: A Terrible Beauty is Born", Lyon, France
2010: Hareng Saur: Ensor and Contemporary Art, S.M.A.K, Ghent, Belgium
2009: Medals of Dishonour, The British Museum, London, UK
7th Mercosul Biennial: Grito e Escuta [Screaming and Hearing], Porto Alegre, Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil
A Decade of Contemporary American Printmaking: 1999-2009, Visual Art Center of Academy of Arts and Design, Tsinghua University, Beijing, China
Compass in Hand: Selections from The Judith Rothschild Foundation Contemporary Drawings Collection, The Museum of Modern Art, New York, NY
"Chelsea visits Havana", Museo Nacional de Bellas Artes, Havana, Cuba
2008: "Displacement: The Three Gorges Dam and Contemporary Chinese Art", Smart Museum of Art, Chicago, IL, traveling to Salt Lake City Art Center, Salt Lake, and the Nasher Museum of Art at Duke University
"Darger-ism: Contemporary Artists and Henry Darger", American Folk Art Museum, New York, NY
"Two Chinas: Chen Qiulin and Yun-Fei Ji", Worcester Art Museum, Worcester, MA
"Mining Nature", James Cohan Gallery Shanghai, Shanghai, China
2007: "An Atlas of Events", Gulbenkian Foundation, Lisbon, Portugal
"Merging Influence: Eastern Elements in New American Art", Montserrat College of Art Galleries, Beverly, MA (August 27 – October 27, 2007)
2006: "A Usable Past: Selected Alumni from the Artist-in-Residence Studio Space Program", Henry Street Settlement, Abrons Art Center, New York, NY
"Process and Promise: Art Education and Community at the 92nd Street Y 1930-2005", 92nd Street Y, New York, NY
"Biella Prize for Engraving 2006, Art in the Age of Anxiety", curated by Jeremy Lewison, Museo del Territorio di Biella, Biella, Italy (March 18 – June 4, 2006) (catalogue).
"Now, Voyager", curated by Susan Canning, Islip Art Museum, East Islip, NY (February 8 – March 26)
2005: "REGENERATION: Contemporary Chinese Art From China and the U.S.", ASU Art Museum, Nelson Fine Arts Center, Tempe, AZ
"Here Comes the Boogey-Man", Chelsea Art Museum, New York, NY
"Wasteland: 21st Century Landscape", Roebling Hall, Brooklyn, NY
2004: "Drawn, Contemporary Drawings", Schick Art Gallery, Skidmore College, NY (November 11 - December 15)
"Art on Paper 2004", Weatherspoon Art Museum, University of North Carolina at Greensboro, NC (November 14, 2004 – January 23, 2005)
"Between The Lines", James Cohan Gallery, New York, NY (May 8 – June 26)
"Initial Encounters", organized and curated by the Viewing Program committee of the Drawing Center, The Arts Center of the Capital Region, Troy, NY(March 12–June 6)
"Regeneration: Contemporary Art from China and the US", curated by Dan Mills and Xiaoze Xie, organized by the Samek Art Gallery, Bucknell University, PA Opening at the Samek Art Gallery (January 26 – April 4) Traveling nationally between Summer 2004 and Fall 2006
"Open House: Working in Brooklyn", Brooklyn Museum of Art, Brooklyn, NY (April 16– August)
2003: "Thinking in Line, A Survey of Contemporary Drawing", curated by John Moore and Ron Janowich, University Gallery, University of Florida, Gainesville, FL (November 4–January 10, 2004)
"Reality/Fiction: (Re) Constructing Representation", Jamaica Center for Arts & Learning, Inc., Jamaica, NY (Oct. 25, 2003–January 17, 2004)
"Strange Worlds", The Bertha and Karl Leubsdorf Art Gallery at Hunter College (Oct. 30 – Dec. 13) (catalogue)
"For the Record: Drawing Contemporary Life", The Vancouver Art Gallery (June 28 – September 21)
"In Heat", Pierogi, Brooklyn, NY (July 5–28)
"Rendered", Sara Meltzer Gallery, New York, NY (June 17–August 1)
"Breaking Away", PS1 Contemporary Art Center, Clock Tower Fellowship exhibition
"Pierogi Presents", curated by Joe Amrhein, Bernard Toale Gallery, Boston, MA
2002: "A Brush with Tradition: Chinese Tradition and Contemporary Art", Newark Museum, curated by Carmen Ramos, Newark, NJ (April 23-July 6)
"Beyond the Flâneur", ISE Cultural Foundation NY Gallery, curated by Yasufumi Nakamori, NY
"Whitney Biennial 2002", Whitney Museum of American Art, New York, NY
"Umano Animale Vegetale Minerale", Galleria Alessandra Bonomo, Rome, Italy
"Fantasyland", d'Amelio Terras, New York, NY
"Strolling Through an Ancient Shrine and Garden", ACME Gallery, Los Angeles, CA
"Selection 1; Made in Brooklyn", Wythe Studio, curated by Phong Bui, Brooklyn, NY
"Faux Real", Borusan Art & Culture, Istanbul
"PROJECT 3", curated by Elga Wimmer, Elga Wimmer Gallery, New York, NY
"Altoid's Curiously Strong Collection", New Museum for Contemporary Art, New York, NY
"Fellow's Exhibition", Art Association, Provincetown, RI
2001: "Best of the Season, Selected Work from the 2000-01 Manhattan Exhibition Season", The Aldrich Museum of Contemporary Art, Ridgefield, CT
"ArtForum Berlin 2001", work exhibited by Pierogi, Berlin
"Brooklyn!", Palm Beach Institute of Contemporary Art; Palm Beach, FL
"Selection", The Drawing Center, New York, NY
2000: "The Meat Market Art Fair", Pierogi, New York, New York
"The Old News", curated by Sabine Russ and Gregory Volk, P.S. 122 Gallery, New York, NY
"Haulin' Ass: Pierogi in L.A.", POST, Los Angeles, CA
"Multiple Sensations", Yerba Buena Center For The Arts, San Francisco, CA
"Super Duper New York", Pierogi, Brooklyn, NY
1999: "Sensation", Richard Anderson Gallery, New York, NY
"Faculty Show", Lemmerman Gallery, Jersey City, New Jersey
1998: "Yun-Fei Ji, Andrea Dezso, Randy Wray", Jack Tilton Gallery, New York, NY
1997: "Fermented", Parson's School of Design, New York, NY
"Relocating Landscape-East and West", Caldwell College, Caldwell, New Jersey
"Artist in the Marketplace Program", The Bronx Museum, New York, NY
"Travel-Sized", City College, New York, NY
"Reflecting Pool", Kenkeleban Gallery, New York, NY
"Twelve Cicadas in the Tree of Knowledge", Asian American Arts Center, New York, NY
1996: "Immigrant Artists from East and West", Gallery ONETWENTYEIGHT, New York, NY
1993: "Recent Paintings", Meredith Long Gallery, Houston, TX
1990: Introduction, Meredith Long Gallery, Houston, TX
He has works in the collection of museums of Modern Art, The Drawing Center in New York, and the Worcester Art Museum.
Awards
2006-07 Parasol Unit Artist-In-Residence, London, England
2005-06 Rome Prize, American Academy in Rome, Italy
2004-05 Happy and Bob Doran Artist in Residence, Yale University, Connecticut
2004 Sharp Foundation Fellowship, New York
2003 PS1 Contemporary Arts National Studio Program Fellowship, Long Island City, New York
2002 Headland Center for the Arts, San Francisco, California
2001-02 Fine Arts Work Center, Provincetown, Rhode Island
2001 Art OMI International Arts Center, New York
1999 New York Foundation for the Arts Grant, works on paper, New York
1998 Joan Mitchell Foundation Grant
1997 The Pollock-Krasner Foundation Grant
1996 The Millay Colony for the Arts Residency, Austerlitz, New York
Artist in the Marketplace Program, The Bronx Museum, New York
1995 The Ucross Foundation, Clearmont, Wyoming
1994 Banff Center for the Arts, Banff, Canada
1993 The Macdowell Colony, Peterborough, New Hampshire
1991 Henry Street Settlement, New York
He was a recipient of the 2005/6 Jules Guerin Rome Prize Fellowship.
References
Adler, Tracy L., Robert C. Morgan & Stephen J. Goldberg, Yun-Fei Ji: The Intimate Universe, Prestel Publishing, New York, 2016,
Chiu, Melissa, Tan Lin, Gregory Volk, Paul Ha & Yun-Fei Ji, Yun-Fei Ji: The Empty City, Shannon Fitzgerald Contemporary Art Museum St. Louis, 2005
Tsai, Paula, Yun-Fei Ji: Water Work, Ucca Books, Beijing, 2013
Footnotes
External links
James Cohan Gallery - Yun-Fei Ji's entry works, biography, interview clip, articles and reviews
Zeno X Gallery - Yun-Fei Ji works, biography and cv
Living people
Contemporary painters
1963 births
Chinese expatriates in the United States
Chinese contemporary artists
Odacir Pereira da Silva or simply Itaqui (born 28 February 1988, in Itaqui), is a Brazilian footballer. He currently plays for Juventude.
Honours
Rio Grande do Sul State League: 2007
Contract
2 May 2006 to 1 May 2011
References
External links
sambafoot
CBF
Guardian Stats Centre
zerozero.pt
globoesporte
Guardian's Stats Centre
1988 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B players
Grêmio Foot-Ball Porto Alegrense players
Paulista Futebol Clube players
Clube Náutico Capibaribe players
Guarani FC players
Sociedade Esportiva e Recreativa Caxias do Sul players
Paraná Clube players
Criciúma Esporte Clube players
União Agrícola Barbarense Futebol Clube players
Esporte Clube Juventude players
Boa Esporte Clube players
Association football midfielders
Isodar is a theory of habitat selection in population biology proposed by Douglas W. Morris. The theory underscores the importance of the abundance and thus competition between the members of the same species in selecting habitats. The name "isodar" stems from "iso" in Latin meaning same and "dar" from Darwin.
Background and theory
An isodar, or habitat isodar, is a theory in evolutionary ecology developed in the late 1980s by Douglas W. Morris. Isodars model density-dependent habitat selection for one or two species in two habitats according to the ideal free and ideal despotic distributions. Isodar is a two-part word: "iso" meaning equal in Latin; "dar" for Darwinian evolution, and is defined as all combinations of population densities in habitats A and B such that both habitats offer the same fitness reward.
Animals displaying an ideal free distribution distribute themselves among patches (sources of a resource) in such a way that each individual get the same amount of the resource. For example, if food is twice as abundant in habitat A compared to habitat B, the ideal free distribution-based model would predict that there will accordingly be twice as many animals competing for food in habitat A compared to habitat B. If the total number of animals is considered to be variable, there are two ways this can be plotted on a two-dimensional Cartesian graph. One way is to plot two lines on a graph of fitness vs. density of individuals. This graph can be used to predict the density of individuals at any given level of fitness. The second is to plot the density of individuals in habitat A vs. the density of individuals in habitat B when the fitness of all individuals is equal. The line in this second graph is an isodar line.
Ideal free isodars predict that a species density in habitat A will increase linearly with its density in habitat B so that each individual in the species has the same fitness. If habitat A has higher quality resources than habitat B, then proportionately more individuals would be in habitat A then in habitat B. This can be shown on either a Fitness-Density graph (Figure 1) or a graph of density in two habitats (Figure 2).
Applications
Isodars can be used to study density-dependent habitat selection between two species competing for two habitats. Species will equilibrate between the two habitats two maintain equal fitness within their own species and avoid competition with the other species. Isodars have also been used to show the effect of human habitat selection on biodiversity. They can also be employed to examine the cost and density dependence of habitat selection in a population.
Criticism leveled against the method includes the fact that in attempting to condense a very complex combination of parameters into the single metric of population density, misleading conclusions about the underlying dynamics may be suggested or supported.
References
Population ecology
Evolutionary ecology
Carlos Alberto Manta Berio (born 19 May 1953) is a Uruguayan football manager and former player who played as a goalkeeper.
References
Uruguayan football managers
Living people
1953 births
Uruguayan footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Defensor Sporting players
C.A. Rentistas players
Miramar Misiones players
Club Atlético River Plate (Montevideo) players
Liverpool F.C. (Montevideo) managers
C.A. Rentistas managers
Rampla Juniors managers
Deportivo Maldonado managers
Central Español managers
Racing Club de Montevideo managers
Tacuarembó F.C. managers
C.A. Bella Vista managers
FBC Melgar managers
Club Tacuary managers
Rosh Pina (ראש פינה) is a lay-led independent minyan in Washington, D.C. It meets for Shabbat morning services twice a month in the National Museum of American Jewish Military History (NMAJMH). It also meets occasionally for Friday night and holiday services, in addition to organizing social and educational events such as shabbatonim and parties to celebrate Hanukkah, Purim and other Jewish holidays.
Overview
Rosh Pina's website describes it as "a dati community built around a common commitment to halakha, tefillah, and equality. It was founded in 2007 as a partnership minyan in order to provide a Religious environment that was more inclusive of women's participation than traditional Orthodox synagogues.
Services and liturgy
The congregation combines a traditional liturgy with certain prayer leadership opportunities for women, including Kabbalat Shabbat on Friday nights, Pesukei DeZimra, removing and replacing the Torah in the Ark, and reading from and being called up to the Torah on Saturday mornings. A mechitza separating men and women runs down the middle of the room. Its practices are similar to those of Shira Hadasha in Jerusalem and Darkhei Noam in New York City.
Halakhic basis
The practices of Rosh Pina and communities like it are based on an opinion by Modern Orthodox Rabbi Mendel Shapiro, who holds B.A. and M.S. degrees from Yeshiva University and a J.D. from Columbia University, received his smikhah (rabbinic ordination) from Yeshiva University, and now practices law in Jerusalem. In his Halakhic (Jewish law) analysis, entitled "Qeri'at ha-Torah by Women: A Halakhic Analysis," he calls upon those times throughout our history when women have received aliyot to (have been called up to) and have read from the Torah in communal services with men and women present, and carefully examines the circumstances in which this took place. His position and conclusions have subsequently been supported and expanded upon by Rabbi Dr Daniel Sperber (Professor of Talmud at Bar-Ilan University in his article entitled "Congregational Dignity and Human Dignity: Women and Public Torah Reading." He, too, delves into specific cases when Jewish law permitted and sometimes even required women to be called to and read from the Torah on Shabbat in services with men present. Like Shapiro, Sperber is not known a Posek (decider of Jewish law) and this particular position of both of them is a minority view.
Rabbi Gil Student has weighed in against the practice, as have rabbis Aryeh and Dov Frimer, who wrote that "these practices are a radical break from the ritual of millennia and have not received the approval of any major posek."
See also
Jewish Orthodox Feminist Alliance
Jewish feminism
Role of women in Judaism
Footnotes
External links
Rosh Pina website
Darkhei Noam website
Shira Hadasha website
JOFA partnership minyanim (with minyan links list)
JOFA Mixed Torah Reading Articles
Further reading
Jacqueline L. Salmon, "Synthesis Outside the Synagogue", Washington Post, April 29, 2009.
Sperber, Daniel. Women and Men in Communal Prayer: Halakhic Perspectives. KTAV Publishing House, 2010.
Ross, Tamar. Expanding the Palace of Torah: Orthodoxy and Feminism. Brandeis University Press, 2004, pp. 97–98; 179-183.
Tova Hartman, Feminism Encounters Traditional Judaism: Resistance and Accommodation. Brandeis University Press, 2007. .
Judaism and women
Modern Orthodox synagogues in the United States
Independent minyanim
2007 establishments in Washington, D.C.
Jewish organizations established in 2007
The Keeper of Lost Causes (Danish: Kvinden i buret), also known as Department Q: The Keeper of Lost Causes, is a 2013 Danish film, directed by Mikkel Nørgaard. The movie is based on the novel by Jussi Adler-Olsen. It is the first film in the Department Q film series, followed by The Absent One (2014) and A Conspiracy of Faith (2016).
Plot
Carl Mørck is demoted to Department Q, the cold case unit, after a raid he instigated goes wrong. One case, a suspected suicide, piques his interest. His investigations suggest that the victim, a rising politician named Merete Lynnggard, was actually kidnapped. Mørck ruffles feathers and is told to halt the investigation, but he and his assistant Assad persist.
As the duo investigate the case further, they get into trouble with Swedish police and are suspended, but they still continue to persevere in their investigation. Lynnggard is revealed to be imprisoned in a pressure chamber by a vengeful chef named Larsa.
Carl and Assad locate the pressure chamber and rescue Lynnggard as she is about to die, and they arrest Larsa. Because of their action and the prominence of the case, the police chief reinstates the duo as detectives.
Cast
Nikolaj Lie Kaas – Carl Mørck
Fare Fares – Assad
Sonja Richter – Merete Lynggaard
Mikkel Følsgaard – Uffe Lynggaard
Søren Pilmark – Marcus Jacobsen
Troels Lyby – Hardy Henningsen
Patricia Schumann – Søs Norup
Eric Ericson – Johan Lundquist
Release
The film was first shown at the Gothenburg Film Festival in January 2013, followed by several more film festivals before its cinema release in Denmark on 3 October 2013. The film topped the local box office in 2013 with 725,000 Danish moviegoers buying tickets.
References
External links
2013 films
2013 crime thriller films
Danish crime thriller films
2010s Danish-language films
Films based on Danish novels
Films about kidnapping
Films about revenge
Police detective films
Department Q
Films produced by Peter Aalbæk Jensen
Films produced by Louise Vesth
is a railway station on the Jōhana Line in city of Tonami, Toyama, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).
Lines
Aburaden Station is a station on the Jōhana Line, and is located 10.7 kilometers from the end of the line at .
Layout
The station has a single side platform serving one bi-directional track. The station is unattended.
Adjacent stations
History
The station opened on 29 December 1900. With the privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987, the station came under the control of JR West.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2015, the station was used by an average of 293 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
Surrounding area
Aburaden Post Office
Japan National Route 156
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Railway stations in Toyama Prefecture
Stations of West Japan Railway Company
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1900
Jōhana Line
Tonami, Toyama
The following is a list of characters from the Yu-Gi-Oh! anime series, Yu-Gi-Oh! Sevens.
Characters
Main Characters
An enthusiastic fifth grader that tinkers with machines and makes up new rules, which applies to the making of Rush Duels.
Lucidien "Luke" Kallister /
An aspiring lad, who aims to become the "King of Duels" by partaking in Yuga's Rush Duels. He has an alleged "power" that triggers a Pauli effect, causing machinery to temporarily shut down.
Gavin Sogetsu /
An adamant, disciplined member of the student council of Goha 7th Elementary.
Romin Kassidy /
A guitarist of the "Roaromin" band, who takes an interest in duelling after receiving a card from a musician she admires.
Roa Kassidy /
Romin's cousin and leader of the "RoaRomin" band.
Nail Saionji /
The overseer of Goha Duels, and steals the data of Kaizo to aid in his efforts to erase Rush Dueling. He is also the first known person to Maximum Summon.
The heir to the Mutsuba Heavy Machinery company, which helped construct Goha City, and the leader of the Heavy Cavalry Duel Club, to the extent that she has power over the entire school.
Goha 7th Elementary
Rayne /
The student council vice president who assists Gavin with the student council's duties and enforces discipline at Goha 7th. She's in love with Yuga Ohdo.
Ricky /
One of Yuga's friends.
One of Yuga's friends.
Scoop Pitman /
The Newspaper Club's head.
The Newspaper Club's interviewer.
The Newspaper Club's photographer.
Yosh Imimi /
Mimi's son and though he loves Rush Duels, this brings him into conflict with his mother.
Lucidien's older sister, and the president of the Concert Band Club.
Goha 3rd Elementary
Saburamen /
A fifth grader from Goha 3rd Elementary who loves ramen and dreams of creating new rules that fuse ramen and Dueling together one day.
Buff Grimes /
The leader of the Washing Club. He works for Nail Saionji and he's the weakest member of the Garden of Curiosity.
Goha 2nd Elementary
Professor Diggs /
A sixth grader at Goha 2nd Elementary and the Dueling & Dinosaur Research Club president.
Tracker /
A student at Goha 2nd Elementary and a member of the Dueling & Dinosaur Research Club.
Trench /
A student at Goha 2nd Elementary, and is the Dueling & Dinosaur Research Club vice-chairman.
Goha Aquatic Elementary
Skipjack /
The captain of the Goha Aquatic Elementary ship and a Fisherman Duelist.
Goha 6th Elementary
Galian Townsend /
The tactical advisor of the Heavy Cavalry Duel Club.
A member of the Heavy Cavalry Duel Club, and is constantly accompanied by Dove-rap, his pet pigeon.
Chevelle's pet pigeon and is considered a Tactical Advisor of Goha 6th Elementary's Heavy Cavalry Duel Club.
Janko Entant /
The former president of the Student Council at Goha 6th Elementary, who holds the "Dark Rush Duel Tournament" in defiance of the Heavy Cavalry Duel Club's stance on Rush Duels.
An "assassin" who works for Goha 6th Elementary's Heavy Cavalry Duel Club, though she claims to be from the Shiatsu Nether-Empire.
The mechanic of Goha 6th Elementary's Heavy Cavalry Duel Club.
She works with Jango and Genri in the Student Council.
Goha 5th Elementary
Kit Schrödinger /
He works for Nail Saionji and is the president of the Duel Mad Scientists.
The president of the Space Operations Duel Club.
A member of the Space Operations Duel Squadron.
A member of the Space Operations Duel Squadron.
Ranze and Rinnosuke's cousin and she is the President of the Dueling Insects Club.
Goha 4th Elementary
A student at Goha 4th Elementary and the President of the Zombie Duel Club.
Goha Enterprises
The mysterious president of Goha Enterprises and subsequently the de facto ruler of Goha City. The stress of his job eventually gets to him, and he is discarded by the President Drone.
It assists President Goha in running the Goha Corporation, as it has done with many past presidents of the company. It was created to help the substitute Goha President while the Goha Siblings were in space.
Mimi Imimi /
The Number 6 among the "Top of the Hexagon", the six executives of the Goha Enterprises, and she is sent to Goha #7 Elementary undercover as a transfer student to investigate Rush Dueling. Mimi aspires to ascend to the rank of Goha President. Mimi is demoted for her failure to keep her fellow Tops in check when they attempted to fire Nail. However, she discovers the Goha President after he collapses and becomes the new President after being chosen by the President Drone. She is evicted from her position after the return of the Goha Siblings.
Goha Corporation Drone
Machines which control the duel rules. They have different colors and shapes.
An official who works in the Development Department of Goha Corp where he created Sevens Roads series and gave them to Yuga when he was a child. He is also known as the , an urban legend in Goha City challenging duelists to test them to see if they're worthy to be known as the 'King of Duels'.
Seatbastian /
A Goha Corporation Drone, specifically a massage chair drone, who serves as Nail's butler and throne. After Nail was defeated, he was assigned to aid Yuga and his friends.
She resembles Celestia and Finger, and claims to have come from an ancient civilization, though she works as an announcer for the Goha Corporation during the Goha Rush Duel Team Battle Royal, though her true masters are Goha 66.
He leads the organization of the same name; Goha 66, and is plotting to take control of the Goha Corporation.
She resembles Celestia, Finger, and Sweets; she replaces the latter as an announcer for the Goha Rush Duel Team Battle Royal after her departure back to the past.
A Turbo Duelist and the eldest of the Goha Siblings. He is also one of the six true presidents of Goha Corporation and a student of Goha Space Elementary.
He describes himself as a "Maritime Duelist" and he is the second-eldest of the Goha Siblings. He is also one of the six true presidents of Goha Corporation and a student of Goha Space Elementary.
He is described as the most mysterious and reserved member of the Goha Siblings and is the third-eldest. He is also one of the six true presidents of Goha Corporation and a student of Goha Space Elementary.
The only female member of the Goha Siblings. She is also one of the six true presidents of Goha Corporation and a student of Goha Space Elementary.
One of the Goha Siblings, and the one who set in motion the plan to challenge Yuga and his friends to Duels by holding the Super Rush Robot hostage, though he also has his own goals behind the scenes. He is also one of the six true presidents of Goha Corporation and a student of Goha Space Elementary.
One of the Goha Siblings and the most dangerous to the point that Yuo sealed his memories when he attempted to take over the world, becoming a shy boy in a chameleon suit named , who became a member of the Rush Duel Club. However, Swirly returned to his former self and resumes his place as one of the six true presidents of Goha Corporation.
Goha City
A 'road' that Yuga Ohdo has invented after modifying a Goha Corp Drone.
Gibumi Purisaki
Known by the stage name of is a first-rate Duelist and musician who was responsible for giving Romin Kirishima the card "Prima Guitarna of the Colorful Light".
Toombs /
The bassist of RoaRomin.
Tyler Getz /
The drummer of RoaRomin.
Briscoe /
A friend of Saburamen.
A friend of Saburamen.
Celestia Noodlina /
A petite young girl who works at a ramen store in the Garden of Curiosity and claims to be an alien from the Menmen system of the Ra Nebula.
References
Sevens Characters
Yu-Gi-Oh Sevens
The lined seedeater (Sporophila lineola) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.
It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Guyana, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, Suriname, and Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist shrubland, pastureland, and heavily degraded former forest.
Taxonomy
The lined seedeater was formally described by the Swedish naturalist Carl Linnaeus in 1758 in the tenth edition of his Systema Naturae under the binomial name Loxia lineola. Linnaeus mistakenly specified the "habitat" as Asia; the type locality was subsequently designated as the state of Bahia in Brazil. The specific epithet lineola is Latin meaning "little line" (a diminutive of linea meaning "line"). The lined seedeater is now assigned to the genus Sporophila that was introduced by the German ornithologist Jean Cabanis in 1844. The species is monotypic: no subspecies are recognised.
References
Further reading
lined seedeater
Birds of the Caatinga
Birds of Brazil
Birds of Paraguay
Birds of Argentina
lined seedeater
lined seedeater
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
