Reprise Musical Repertory Theatre is a series of four 12" long playing vinyl albums recorded in Los Angeles in 1963. The four albums were sold through mail order as a box set in 1963, then released separately to retail in 1964. They were conceived and produced by Frank Sinatra. Morris Stoloff was the musical director and the A&R Director was Sonny Burke.
The four discs feature the scores of four popular Broadway musicals of the time – namely Finian's Rainbow (1947), Kiss Me, Kate (1948), South Pacific (1949), and Guys and Dolls (1950) – as performed by various Reprise artists.
The "Guys and Dolls" album was issued on CD in 1992 when the musical itself was enjoying a revival. All the albums were re-released in a box set on September 26, 2000.
Track listing
Disc One - Finian's Rainbow
Disc Two - Kiss Me, Kate
Disc three - South Pacific
Disc four - Guys and Dolls
Personnel
Frank Sinatra - vocals
Dean Martin - vocals
Sammy Davis, Jr. - vocals
Bing Crosby - vocals
Debbie Reynolds - vocals
Rosemary Clooney - vocals
Jo Stafford - vocals
Keely Smith - vocals
Dinah Shore - vocals
The McGuire Sisters - vocals
The Hi-Lo's - vocals
Allan Sherman - vocals
Nelson Riddle - arranger
Marty Paich - arranger
Skip Martin - arranger
Billy May - arranger
Morris Stoloff - conductor
References
Bing Crosby albums
Dean Martin albums
Sammy Davis Jr. albums
Rosemary Clooney albums
Albums arranged by Nelson Riddle
1963 albums
Album series
Reprise Records compilation albums
Frank Sinatra albums
Albums conducted by Morris Stoloff
Albums arranged by Marty Paich
Albums arranged by Skip Martin
Albums arranged by Billy May
albums produced by Sonny Burke
Thomas Chippenham was Archdeacon of York from 1470 until 1478 when he became Archdeacon of Totnes.
References
Archdeacons of York
Archdeacons of Totnes
15th-century English clergy
Montana Highway 3 (MT 3) is a highway in central Montana extending north from Billings to Great Falls.
Route description
At its southern end, MT 3 begins at I-90 in Billings and travels northwest to US 12 near Lavina – this is the only section of MT 3 that is not concurrent with a US highway. MT 3 joins US 12 and travels west to Harlowton, where it leaves US 12 and joins US 191, and travels north for to Eddie's Corner (near Moore). At Eddie's Corner, MT 3 turns west, leaving US 191 and joining the US 87 / MT 200 concurrency, and travels west to Armington where US 89 joins the highway. The four highways continue to Great Falls, where it follows a concurrency with I-315 and ends at I-15.
MT 3 is part of the Camino Real Corridor (Corridor 27), a High Priority Corridor that connects El Paso, Texas to the Canada–US border at Sweet Grass, Montana. The corridor is anchored by Interstate 25 and is part of the larger Ports-to-Plains Alliance. MT 3 is connected to the Canadian border via I-15, and is connected to I-25 in Buffalo, Wyoming via I-90.
Major intersections
References
003
Transportation in Yellowstone County, Montana
Transportation in Golden Valley County, Montana
Transportation in Wheatland County, Montana
Transportation in Fergus County, Montana
Transportation in Judith Basin County, Montana
Transportation in Cascade County, Montana
Gennaro Papa (23 March 1925 – 31 December 2018) was an Italian politician who served as a Deputy from 1961 to 1963 and from 1968 to 1976.
References
1925 births
2018 deaths
Italian politicians
August Werner (6 March 1896 – 20 October 1968) was a German international footballer.
References
1896 births
1968 deaths
Association football defenders
German footballers
Germany international footballers
Holstein Kiel players
Fort Mott may refer to:
Fort Mott (New Jersey)
Fort Mott (Vermont)
See also
Fort Motte
The first HMS Whirlwind was a W-class destroyer of the British Royal Navy that saw service during World War I and World War II.
Whirlwind was built by Swan Hunter and was launched on 15 December 1917. In September 1939 was part of the 11th Destroyer Flotilla. On 5 July 1940, she was sunk by the under the command of Wilhelm Rollmann in the North Atlantic Ocean southwest of Ireland.
Notes
Bibliography
V and W-class destroyers of the Royal Navy
1917 ships
World War I destroyers of the United Kingdom
World War II destroyers of the United Kingdom
Ships sunk by German submarines in World War II
World War II shipwrecks in the Atlantic Ocean
Maritime incidents in July 1940
Ships built by Swan Hunter
Michael Doran may refer to:
Michael Doran (politician) (1827–1915), businessman and politician in Minnesota
Michael Scott Doran (born 1962), scholar of Middle Eastern politics
Lagna Pahave Karun () is a 2013 Indian Marathi-language romantic comedy film directed by Ajay Naik, and produced by Kiran Deshpande and Mohan Damle under the banners of Solariz International and Sprints Arts Creations respectively.
The film stars Umesh Kamat and Mukta Barve; it is the third collaboration between Kamat and Barve after Eka Lagnachi Dusri Goshta (2012) and also features Tejashri Pradhan and Siddharth Chandekar. The film follows Aditi Tilak (Barve) and Nishant Barve (Kamat) who set up their own matrimonial agency based on modern principles rather than horoscopes.
The soundtrack and background score were composed by Ajay Naik while the cinematography, art direction, and editing were handled by Abhijeet Abde, Padmanabh Damle and Suchitra Sathe respectively. The film was released on 4 October 2013.
Plot
Nishant Barve is an Indian software designer who works and stays in America. During his return to India, he loses his job in the US. He decides to meet and inform his fiancée, Madhura Godbole. When Nishant is going to meet his fiancée he accidentally meets Aditi Tilak, a girl who plans to have her own matrimonial agency. Learning that his fiancée is more interested in the American lifestyle than him, Nishant breaks up with her.
Once again Nishant accidentally meets Aditi and she shares her dream to have her own matrimonial agency with him. Nishant applies for another job in the United States but is more interested in Aditi's proposal of a matrimonial agency, so he decides not to go to the interview. Praful Patel and his girlfriend decide to assist Aditi in her proposal. Nishant and Aditi, along with their associates, plan innovative ideas on getting people married. They decide not to check the horoscopes of the couple. Thus they start their matrimonial agency, "Shubhvivaah".
Rahul Kulkarni and Aanandi meet each other through Shubhvivaah and decide to get married. Soon people are attracted by this new way of getting married. On the wedding day of Rahul and Aanandi Nalini Dixit, a renowned astrologer and owner of a successful marriage bureau in Pune declares that their horoscopes don't match and the marriage won't last for more than six months. However, Nishant and Aditi are not affected by this and meanwhile fall in love with each other.
Nishant proposes to Aditi and tells her that he rejected his job and a luxurious life in the USA just for her incomplete proposal of matrimonial agency as he loves her. Aditi tells Nishant that no one has ever loved her as he does but she has not thought over it. On the other hand, Rahul and Aanandi start facing problems in their married life because of Aanandi's rigid nature. Aditi and Nishant keep suggesting to Rahul ways to keep Aanandi happy but in vain. One day, Rahul and Aanandi have a bad fight, after which Rahul meets with an accident.
Aditi, out of guilt for the failure of Aanandi and Rahul's marriage, stops her marriage institution. An enraged Nishant tells Aditi that she is wrong in her decision and shows his disappointment and disagreement with her decision and decides to leave for America. Meanwhile, Aanandi realizes her mistake and reconciles with Rahul. Nishant learns about Aditi's past. Aditi had lost her parents and twice her prospective grooms died. People blamed Aditi's destiny for this and no one dared to marry her or keep any kind of relation with her.
Nishant then understands why Aditi is always scared and insecure and how she did not respond to his marriage proposal, as she loves him and does not want him to get harmed due to her. Nishant meets Aditi and tells her that its high time she needs to move on and get married, if not with him then with someone else, and settle down. The film ends with Nishant and Aditi sharing a hug (indicating that Aditi has accepted Nishant's marriage proposal) and going somewhere hand in hand.
Cast
Mukta Barve as Aditi Tilak, owner of the matrimonial agency "Shubhvivaah"
Umesh Kamat as Nishant Barve, Aditi's love interest and partner in ownership of "Shubhvivaah"
Siddharth Chandekar as Rahul Kulkarni, he gets married with Aanadi through Shubhvivaah
Tejashri Pradhan as Aanandi Rahul Kulkarni, Rahul's wife
Swati Chitnis as Nalini "Nallutai" Dixit, an astrologer who is against Shubhvivaah
Jayant Sawarkar as Aditi's grandfather, he is an astrologer
Manasi Magikar as Nishant's mother
Seema Chandekar as Rahul's mother
Umesh Damle as Nishant's father
Shrikar Pitre as Praful Patel, Aditi and Nishant's assistant
Sayali Deodhar as Praful's girlfriend, Aditi and Nishant's assistant
Priyanka Barve as Madhura Godbole, Nishant's ex-fiancé
Rahul Navel as Vitthhal, Aditi and Nishant's assistant
Production
Lagna Pahave Karun was produced by Kiran Deshpande and Mohan Damle under the banner of Solariz International and Sprints Arts Creations respectively. It was co-produced by Sanjeev Langarkande and Ashish Deshpande and written by Kshtij Patwardhan and Sameer Vidwans based on a story by Ajay Naik.
The film was shot at various locations in Pune and Alibaug.
Umesh Kamat was the first to sign onto the film. Mukta Barve was chosen in as the female lead. Siddharth Chandekar and Tejashree Pradhan were later signed on for pivotal roles. Pradhan and Chandekar play Aanadi and Rahul, respectively. Swati Chitnis also played a vital role in the film.
Reception
Daily News and Analysis wrote about the film "Clever writing, well-etched out characters, witty dialogue and brilliant performances make this film a fun watch". Indian Nerve stated that "Lagna Pahave Karun is the story of enduring and making things work without faltering". The film received 3.5 stars from Marathistars.com. Rajshri Marathi also wrote good reviews about the film.
Soundtrack
The music for Lagna Pahave Karun is composed by Ajay Naik. Ajay Naik has also composed the original background score. The lyrics are penned by Ambarish Deshpande, Ajay Naik, Vaibhav Joshi, Kshitij Patwardhan. The soundtrack which included seven songs was released on 28 August 2013 by Everest Entertainment.
Awards and nominations
References
External links
on Hotstar
2013 films
Indian romantic musical films
2010s musical comedy-drama films
2010s romantic musical films
2013 romantic comedy-drama films
Indian romantic comedy-drama films
2010s Marathi-language films
2013 comedy films
2013 drama films
Franz von Roggenbach (23 March 1825 - 25 May 1907) was a leading Baden politician. During the 1860s he served, by some definitions, as the final Foreign minister of the Grand Duchy of Baden.
Life
Provenance, early years and 1848
Franz Freiherr von Roggenbach was born in Mannheim. He came from an ancient family of Catholic nobility. His father, Baron Heinrich von Roggenbach (1787–1870), was a career soldier. His mother, the Countess Melanie von Walderdorff (1795-1868), also came from a prominent ancient family.
He concluded his school years at the Mannheim Lyceum (secondary school) in September 1843. At university, he became a member of the Heidelberg Burschenschaft (student fraternity) shortly after arriving, in 1843. He studied Jurisprudence under various distinguished teachers such as the historian Friedrich Christoph Schlosser, the historian-politicians Georg Gottfried Gervinus and Ludwig Häusser, along with the jurist - and a particularly influential mentor - Robert von Mohl. In Autumn 1845 he moved away, for a year, to study in Berlin where his lecturers included Friedrich Julius Stahl. One of the friends he made during this time was the young law student Julius Jolly, a future political colleague. After passing his state law exams in February 1848 he moved to his parents' house at Freiburg, intending to deepen his education in history and education, and to "come to an understanding of his times and their needs" ("zum Verständnis seiner Zeit und ihrer Beduerfnisse zu gelangen") The revolutionary outburst in March of that year may have provided clues, and he moved to Frankfurt which had quickly become the focus of many of the important political developments of 1848. During 1848/49 he served briefly as a volunteer secretary in the Foreign Ministry of the short-lived Provisional Central Government ("Provisorische Zentralgewalt") established by the liberal-nationalist "revolutionaries" of the Frankfurt Parliament. Roggenbach resigned his post, however, after the King of Prussia refused the Frankfurt Parliament's "offer" of the "crown of Germany" in April 1849.
During the middle part of 1849 Roggenbach stayed for several months in Berlin before returning west. From 1849 till 1851 he served the Grand Duchy as a young diplomat at its mission in Bonn, which by this time was becoming an important administrative centre in the Kingdom of Prussia's Rhine Province. In Bonn he came to know the influential writers Prof. Ernst Moritz Arndt and Friedrich Christoph Dahlmann. In April 1851 he resigned from his diplomatic post and undertook a lengthy "study tour" of France and England, during which he took the opportunity to network with diplomats, members of the nobility and of the political elites in those countries.
Power and politics
Roggenbach was a near-contemporary and close friend of Frederick I, who became Grand Duke of Baden in 1858 but had been regent since 1852 due to his elder brother's mental illness. Roggenbach and Frederick were closely aligned politically, both being believers in constitutional liberalism, as it was understood at the time.
Politics in the Grand Duchy during the 1850s were increasingly preoccupied with the Baden Kulturkampf (loosely "...culture wars), a church-state power struggle. At issue were such matters as control over church assets and appointments. Church-state rivalry was inherent in the power structures across and beyond the Holy Roman empire, and English language sources tend to focus on the larger Prussian "Kulturkampf" of the 1870s. One reason that the issues became particularly heated in Baden two decades earlier seems to have been the attitude of the leading bishops in the Upper Rhine region, rejecting the state's insistence on a right of veto over church appointments and demanding that clergy should be educated in their own ecclesiastical places of learning rather than in the universities. From the wings, the governments in Berlin and Vienna looked on and quietly exerted their influence, with the Prussian government generally backing the more secularist position of the Baden government in Karlsruhe, and pressure from the conservative Austrians, reflecting a long-standing community of interests with the Roman Curia, more sympathetic to the idea of compromise with the churchmens' demands. In 1854 a so-called "Interim" (agreement) was concluded between the government of Baden and the church. A more comprehensive "Convention" was negotiated for ratification in 1859. Roggenbach had been sent to Berlin in February/March 1859 in order to report back to the Grand Duke, on the mood and attitudes of the government in Berlin, where the focus of attention was on the pan-European implications of Austria's war in Italy rather than on church-state rivalry in Baden. During the summer of 1859 Roggenbach removed himself to the Island of Mainau. His purpose was to draw up plans for a new kind of state structure. In Autumn 1859 he presented his remarkably wide-ranging and detailed "Bundesreformplan" to the Grand Duke, outlining the possible structure of a future united German state. Roggenbach was by now a trusted advisor to the Grand Duke, and it was with the uncompromising backing of Roggenbach that the Grand Duke refused to sign the "Convention", declaring it to be unconstitutional. In a memorandum dated 6 December 1859 Roggenbach had stated baldly "This convention is impossible" ("Diese Konvention ist unmoeglich"). Roggenbach was a practicing catholic believer, but in matters of church-state relations, as in his political world-view more generally, his liberal instincts would always prevail. In rejecting the convention, the Grand Duke was opposing a convention negotiated by his own government, but his attitude nevertheless enjoyed support from a majority in the second chamber of the national assembly ("parliament"), which was dominated by liberals who would have seen the church as a reactionary force. After losing the parliamentary vote on the convention in March 1860 the Stengel government was out of power. That led to the installation of a new government under Minister President Anton Stabel, which enjoyed overwhelming support in the parliament. Without further drama, but in line with the Grand Duke's belief in constitutional monarchy, what now emerged is identified in sources as one of the first examples in the Holy Roman empire of a system of "parliamentary monarchy".
Roggenbach was initially reluctant to become a member of the new Stabel government, but he did so, formally on 2 May 1961, his formal area of responsibility covering foreign affairs and relations with the Royal House. He was one of two or three leading figures in the government. With respect to the German Question he had a clear vision for the future of the Grand Duchy. With his friend Julius Jolly he advocated German unification according to a "Small Germany" model that would exclude Austria-Hungary, and which accordingly would operate under liberal Prussian leadership. Unsurprisingly, this was also the model favoured by the Grand Duke himself. In 1863, following the retirement of Gideon Weizel, the trade-commerce portfolio was added to Roggenbach's portfolio of ministerial responsibilities.
In July 1861 the Prussian king undertook a visit to the health resort at Baden-Baden and Franz Roggenbach took the opportunity to present his "Bundesreformplan" to the Prussian king. The plan appears to have been reviewed and in broad terms endorsed by key members of the Prussian government. The reactions of Prussia's recently appointed ambassador to the Russian empire, Otto von Bismarck was necessarily a written reaction, and it was positive with regard to the idea of a German state extending to the Swiss frontier and excluding Austria, although for some of Roggenbach's more detailed thoughts on the structures of a future Germany state, Bismarck's endorsement was notably more nuanced. Nevertheless, the new Prussian king was at this point widely celebrated as a champion of liberal causes, and it was easy to infer that in most important respects the ideas of the government in Karlsruhe - Roggenbach's ideas - were aligned with those of the Prussian government. In 1862, however, the Prussian king appointed Otto von Bismarck as his chief minister. In a letter he wrote to Robert von Mohl in October 1862 Roggenbach described Bismarck as an unprincipled Junker ("...für einen grundsaßlosen Junker"), a chancer ("...für einen waghalsigen Spieler") and a person without conscience ("...für einen gewissenlosen Mensch") interested only in maintaining his own power. It may have been an ungenerous assessment, but in it Roggenbach correctly acknowledged that with Bismarck in place, Prussia might still champion Prussian leadership for a united Germany, but she could no longer be regarded as a champion of liberal ideals. in the aftermath of the Schleswig-Holstein crisis Roggenbach resigned his ministerial offices suddenly in 1865. The resignation was attributed to "constitutional differences". When a new government was appointed in July 1866 Franz von Roggenbach was not a member of it.
Parliamentarian
Franz von Roggenbach made his home at Schloss Ehner-Fahrnau, a small country estate that he had inherited from his father on the edge of Schopfheim. Between 1861 and 1866, he held a seat in the second chamber of the national assembly ("Badische Ständeversammlung"), representing Schopfheim and the adjacent settlement of Kandern ("Wahlbezirk der Ämter Schopfheim und Kandern"), giving up his seat after the Austro-Prussian War.
Between 1868 and 1870, he sat as a member of the Zollparlament, which represented the German states that were members of the newly reconstituted customs union ("Zollverein"). He sat as one of the many members of the National Liberal group. The voting districts were larger than for the "Badische Ständeversammlung", but he represented, as before, an electoral district in the extreme southwest of the country, incorporating now the towns of Lörrach, Müllheim and Staufen.
After the Franco-Prussian War and the Treaty of Frankfurt, which set the seal on Bismarck's unification project, Roggenbach sat as a member of the new German parliament (Reichstag) between 1871 and 1873, representing (broadly as before) the Lörrach-Müllheim electoral district (Wahlkreis Baden 4 - Lörrach-Müllheim-Staufen-Breisach). He was at this point a member of the short-lived Imperial Liberal Party ("Liberale Reichspartei").
"Statesman without a state"
Franz von Roggenbach was a prolific letter writer, especially after he dropped out of front-line politics. He remained politicvally and personally close to Frederick I, Grand Duke of Baden (1826-1907). He also maintained good relations with the Prussian Queen (later "Empress") Augusta, whom he supplied with length memoranda, "prepared with the expertise and authority of an experienced German diplomat and minister". For more than ten years he also provided his services as a political consultant to the empress's son, Crown Prince Frederick and his English-born wife. Roggenbach never made any serious effort to conceal his loathing for Bismarck, and the German chancellor viewed Roggenbach, understandably, as a constant focus for liberal intrigue among well-placed members of the political establishment and royal households.
In addition, operated as a political consultant to Empress Augusta's friend, Admiral Albrecht von Stosch, a member of the Crown Prince's inner circle who was seen, for some time, as a credible political rival to Bismarck.
Straßburg University
Straßburg University had been destroyed by the "Terror" during the 1790s and then cautiously replaced by various low-profile teaching institutions appropriate to the times under the French First Republic before being relaunched by Napoleon in 1806 as a francophone university. After 1871, with Elsaß back under German control for the first time since 1790, demands arose for the re-establishment of a proper German university in Straßburg. On 24 May 1871 those demands crystallised in a resolution of the German Reichstag. It was evidently Chancellor Bismarck himself who identified this as a project that might usefully occupy Roggenbach's energies. Roggenbach was appointed to head up a commission charged with re-founding the German University at Straßburg, and he applied himself to the matter with characteristic energy. An early decision involved appointing Friedrich Heinrich Geffcken, widely seen as a political victim of the chancellor's vindictive character, to a professorship of constitutional studies and public law. The German University at Strasbourg was inaugurated on 1/2 May 1872 and Roggenbach's role as project "curator" was at an end. His ambitious plans were soon scaled back by the government following disputes about funding, but sources indicate that there was nevertheless much reason to celebrate his contribution to the project.
Personal
Franz von Roggenbach died as a result of Pneumonia on 24 May 1907. He continued to correspond with friends throughout the later decades of his life, and there is some sense of regret towards the end that he had not been able to influence events more strongly in support of the traditional liberalist positions that he favoured.
References
1825 births
1907 deaths
Politicians from Mannheim
People from the Grand Duchy of Baden
Barons of Germany
German Roman Catholics
Imperial Liberal Party politicians
Ministers of the Grand Duchy of Baden
Foreign Ministers of Germany
Members of the Second Chamber of the Diet of the Grand Duchy of Baden
Members of the 1st Reichstag of the German Empire
Ilya Davidenok (born 19 April 1992 in Almaty) is a Kazakhstani cyclist, who is currently suspended from the sport until April 2028.
Doping
In 2014, Davidenok tested positive for Anabolic Steroids at the Tour of Qinghai Lake and the Tour de l'Avenir, a fourth such positive test for within seven weeks. He was suspended for two years by the UCI, losing his overall win at the Tour of Qinghai Lake in the process.
In November 2019, Davidenok returned a positive doping test for EPO and the 2019 Tour of Fuzhou. In December 2021, he was banned for eight years, eligible to return to competition in April 2028.
Major results
2011
1st Stage 2a Vuelta a la Independencia Nacional
2013
7th Overall Tour of Estonia
2014
1st Road race, National Road Championships
1st Stage 4 Tour de l'Avenir
8th Road race, UCI Under-23 Road World Championships
1st Overall Tour of Qinghai Lake
1st Stage 10
2016
6th Overall Tour of Hainan
7th Overall Tour of Taihu Lake
2017
2nd Overall Tour of Iran (Azerbaijan)
1st Mountains classification
1st Young rider classification
6th Overall Tour de Kumano
2018
1st Overall Tour of Fuzhou
1st Points classification
7th Overall Tour of Qinghai Lake
2019
2nd Overall Tour of Fuzhou
1st Stage 1
9th Overall Tour of Xingtai
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Kazakhstani male cyclists
Sportspeople from Almaty
Doping cases in cycling
Kazakhstani sportspeople in doping cases
Tour of Azerbaijan (Iran) winners
20th-century Kazakhstani people
21st-century Kazakhstani people
The One Divides into Two controversy () was an ideological debate about the nature of contradiction that took place in China in 1964. The concept originated in Lenin's Philosophical Notebooks. The philosopher Yang Xianzhen, originated the idea of "Two Unites into One", which he said was the primary law of dialectics. The Maoists interpreted this to mean that capitalism could be united with socialism. Ai Siqi wrote the original attack on Yang, and was joined by Mao himself. Wang Ruoshui also contributed to the attack. After 1976, Yang was officially rehabilitated, along with the concept of two uniting into one.
This phrase is derived from the formulation given by Vladimir Lenin in his Philosophical Notebooks; "The splitting of a single whole and the cognition of its contradictory parts ... is the essence ... of dialectics."
Richard Baum has put the controversy in terms of modern game theory as a debate between zero sum and non-zero sum competition.
Alain Badiou during his Maoist phase would use the principle of One Divides into Two to criticize the philosophy of Gilles Deleuze.
See also
Antagonistic contradiction
On Contradiction
References
External links
Chinese Communist Party: Theory of "Combine Two into One" is a Reactionary Philosophy
Cultural Revolution
Campaigns of the Chinese Communist Party
Concepts in political philosophy
Maoist terminology
Ideology of the Chinese Communist Party
The Skills Dat Pay da Bills is Positive K's debut album, which was released November 3, 1992. With "I Got a Man" making waves on the radio, he was doing underground compilation appearances, guest spots on other hip-hop artists' albums, and worked with emcee Big Daddy Kane on the single ("Nightshift"), which led to his album. Despite reviews calling the album more than a fluke hit, it lacked perseverance on the album charts, leading him to become a one-hit wonder. To date, the album is still beloved in the underground hip-hop community.
This album is the first recorded instance of the phrase "drop it like it's hot," which appears in the songs "Ain't No Crime" and "Minnie the Moocher."
Track listing
"Intro (Pos K Theme)" 0:57
"Pass the Mic" 4:00
"One 2 the Head (feat. Jazzy Jay)" 4:08
"Shakin'" 4:57
"How the Fuck Would You Know" 5:14
"Carhoppers" 3:29
"Nightshift" 4:40
"Intro (Back the Fuck Up)" 1:07
"I Got a Man" 3:52
"Ain't No Crime" 5:02
"The Shout-Out" 2:37
"Friends" 4:50
"Minnie the Moocher" 4:11
"Nightshift [Remix]" 4:49
"A Flower Grows in Brooklyn" 4:07
"It's All Over" 4:46
Charts
Album
Singles
References
Island Records albums
1992 debut albums
Hip hop albums by American artists
French Braille is the original braille alphabet, and the basis of all others. The alphabetic order of French has become the basis of the international braille convention, used by most braille alphabets around the world. However, only the 25 basic letters of the French alphabet plus w have become internationalized; the additional letters are largely restricted to French Braille and the alphabets of some neighboring European countries.
Letters
In numerical order by decade, the letters are:
For the purposes of accommodating a foreign alphabet, the letters ì, ä, ò may be added:
There are also numerous contractions and abbreviations in French braille.
Punctuation
Punctuation is as follows:
The lower values are readings within numbers (after the Antoine number marker: see below).
Formatting and mode
Formatting and mode-changing marks are:
As in English Braille, the capital sign is doubled for all caps.
and are used to begin and end emphasis within a word.
The symbol marker combines with a following initial letter to produce the following:
§, &, ©, ®, ™, % ( ‰, ‱)
The currency marker combines with a following initial for:
¥, €, $, £
It is also used in comic strips:
(speech bubble), (thought bubble)
Numbers
The traditional system of digits is to add the number sign in front of the letters of the first decade (a–j), with being and being . This is the internationally recognized number system. However, in French Braille a new system, the Antoine braille digits, is used for mathematics and is recommended for all academic publications. These uses combined with the first nine letters of the fourth decade, from for to for , with the preceding for . The period/decimal and fraction bar also change. The Antoine numbers are being promoted in France and Luxembourg, but are not much used in with French Braille in Quebec.
{|class=wikitable
|+French Braille digits
|- align=center
!colspan=2|
|0 ||1 ||2 ||3 ||4 ||5 ||6 ||7 ||8 ||9
|-
!Traditional!!
|||||||||||||||||||
|-
!Antoine!!
|||||||||||||||||||
|}
See the punctuation section above for Antoine mathematical notation.
History
Readings have changed slightly since modern braille was first published in 1837. The greatest change has been various secondary readings which were added to the alphabet and then abandoned.
Similar alphabets
In general, only the assignments of the basic 26 letters of the French alphabet are retained in other braille alphabets. For example, among the additional letters, in German Braille only ü and ö coincide with French Braille. However, there are several alphabets which are much more closely related. Italian Braille is identical to the French apart from doubling up French Braille ò to Italian ó and ò, since French has no ó. Indeed, a principal difference of these alphabets is the remapping of French vowels with a grave accent (à è ì ò ù) to an acute accent (á é í ó ú), as the French alphabet does not support acute accents apart from é. Spanish changes all five of these vowels, as well as taking ü. Portuguese Braille is also very similar to the French, though the shift of grave to acute accents necessitated a chain of other changes, such as circumflex to grave, and the Portuguese tildes were taken from French diaereses (Portuguese ã õ for French ä ö/œ). The continental Scandinavian languages took the extended French letters â (for å), ä/æ, and ö/ø. Vietnamese Braille is also quite similar, though it has added tone letters, and uses French z for d, which is pronounced like z.
{|class=wikitable
|+Related alphabets
|- align=center
!Braille:
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|- align=center
! French
|ç||é||à||è||ù||â||ê||î||ô||û||ë||ï||ü||œ/ö||w||ì||æ/ä||ò
|- align=center
! Portuguese
|ç||é||à||è||ù||â||ê||í||ô||ú||á||ï||ü||õ||ò/w||ì||ã||ó
|- align=center
! Catalan
|ç||é||à||è||ú||–||–||–||–||–||–||ï||ü||ó||w||í||–||ò
|- align=center
! Spanish/Galician
|–||–||á||é||ú||–||–||–||–||–||–||ñ||ü||–||w||í||–||ó
|- align=center
! Italian
|–||é||à||è||ù||–||–||–||–||–||–||–||–||ó||w||ì||–||ò
|- align=center
! Luxembourgish (old)
|–||é||–||–||–||–||–||–||–||–||ë||–||–||–||w||–||ä||–
|- align=center
! Scandinavian
|–||–||–||–||–||å||–||–||–||–||–||–||–||ö/ø||w||–||ä/æ||–
|- align=center
! Vietnamese
|–||–||||–||||â||ê||–||ô||–||–||–||ư||ơ||–||||ă||
|-
! Braille Patterns
|⠯||⠿||⠷||⠮||⠾||⠡||⠣||⠩||⠹||⠱||⠫||⠻||⠳||⠪||⠺||⠌||⠜||⠬
|- align=center
|}
Catalan Braille adds for print , and Spanish Braille uses (French ï) for the non-French consonant ñ. Luxembourgish Braille has since switch to eight-point braille, adding a dot at point 8 for the three vowels with accents.
Punctuation and formatting are in general similar as well, though changes in French punctuation over time means that some languages use older French conventions. For example, French parentheses and quotation marks originally had the opposite values they do today, values which remain in English Braille. Other changes have accrued over time, and in some cases vary from country to country. For example, Italian Braille uses the old French quotation marks and asterisk , but also shifted the old French parentheses to brackets and innovated for parentheses; in addition, it uses point 3, , for both apostrophe and full stop / period.
Moon type is a simplification of the Latin alphabet for embossing.
An adaptation of French-reading blind people has been proposed.
Notes
References
Sources
Code braille français uniformisé pour la transcription des textes imprimés (CBFU), 2nd edition, 2008
Code de transcription en braille des textes imprimes, 1999
M. S. Loomis, 1942, The Braille Reference Book
Pierre Henri, 1952, La vie et l'œvre de Louis Braille, PUF-GIAA, Paris
French-ordered braille alphabets
French language
Masłomęcz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 404.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Astros () is the second studio album by Colombian singer-songwriter Anasol, released on 21 June 2002 by Sony Music Colombia.
Track listing
References
2002 albums
Sony Music Colombia albums
Anasol albums
Oscar Saul Galíndez (born June 5, 1971, in Río Tercero, Córdoba, Argentina) is a triathlete. He competed in the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics, obtaining the twenty-eighth place with a total time of 1:50:59.48.
Galíndez, began in triathlon when his was 16 year old. He soon was able to win the Hexa-championship "Trofeu Brasil de Triatlo" and Duathlon World Championship. In 1995, Galíndez decided to move and live in Brazil, where the training and races conditions were better than in Argentina.
Oscar has won innumerable victories that have made him build a great sporting career with more than 29 years of victories, becoming the foremost Argentinean in his specialty and one of the best triathletes in Latin America, as well as in the world.
In 2000, Galíndez had a good performance at the Olympic games in Sydney. By the year 2001 he started his preparation for long-distance races, as Ironman.
Oscar is the creator and founder of OG Design (Sports brand of high-performance and style to be using in races and training), in addition to his brilliant career as triathlete, is the principal researcher and field test pilot, where with his extremely demanding perfectionist and approves every new product that will launch the brand.
He won almost all the Argentine triathlon, Brazilian triathlon, and several triathlon competitions around the world Pan American bronze medal in 1995 and 2003, Duathlon World Championship in 1995 and silver medal in Ironman 70.3 World Championship 2007.Oscar Galindez main titles
He was also awarded the best athlete of the province of Cordoba 1994 and awarded by the Konex Foundation within the top 100 athletes of Argentina of all time.
References
External links
Official site
1971 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Córdoba Province, Argentina
Argentine male triathletes
Olympic triathletes of Argentina
Triathletes at the 1995 Pan American Games
Triathletes at the 1999 Pan American Games
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2003 Pan American Games
Duathletes
Pan American Games bronze medalists for Argentina
Pan American Games medalists in triathlon
Medalists at the 1995 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 2003 Pan American Games
Ibn Qulawayh () (died in Baghdad, 978 or 979 AD) was a Twelver Shia traditionalist and jurist. He is one of the authoritative traditionalists among the Shia.
Life
His official name was Ibn Qūlawayh (Qūlūya), Abu'l-Qasem Ja'Far b. Moḥammad b. Jaʿfar b. Mūsāb. Qūlawayh Qomī Baḡdādī Abdullah Ashari may have been among his teachers. It seems that he began his education in Qom. He traveled to other places to study the Hadith. He visited Iraq and resided there while he was ill. Many of his teachers were in Iraq such as Ibn Edris Qomi, Ali Ibn Babewayh Qomi, Ibn Valid Qomi, Ibn Oqdah, Abu Omar Kashi, Abdul Aziz Ibn Yahya Jaloudi, Ibn Homam Iskafi and his father Muhammad and his brother Ali.
Transmitters of Hadith
There are some bodies among transmitters of Hadith for Qulawayh like Ibn Abdoon, Ibn Ayyash Johari, Ibn Babawayh, Ibn Shazan Qomi, Ibn Nouh Sirafi, and Haroun Ibn Musa talakbari who are used by Qulawayh. About his reliability, we could say that Shaykh Mofid mentioned him as the reliable transmitter. Also Najasi And Tousi known him as reliable transmitter.
Works
He has many books on the subject of Jurisprudence and Hadith. His most known book is Kamil Al Ziyyarat which is published in Najaf by Abdul Hosein Amini. This book an important source of Imami in Praying. It shows the interest in traditions in that time. Qulawayh narrated many traditions from Muhammad, Imam Kazim and Imam Sadiq and the chains of narrators. Many of his books are not available:
Al Arbaeen
History of months and its events
Praying
Witness
Qiyyam Al Layl va Navader
Death
He may be buried in Qom or Kazemayn.
See also
Shaykh Tusi
Al-Shaykh Al-Mufid
Fiqh Jaffaria
References
External links
Fa.wikishia.net/view/
Wiki.ahlolbait.com
Lib.eshia.ir
970s deaths
Year of birth unknown
Year of death uncertain
Place of birth missing
10th-century people of the Abbasid Caliphate
Shia scholars of Islam
People from Qom
People from Baghdad
Iraqi Shia Muslims
Wapello County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 35,437. The county seat is Ottumwa. The county was formed on February 17, 1843, and named for Wapello, a Meskwaki chief.
Wapello County is included in the Ottumwa, IA Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.0%) is water.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 34
U.S. Highway 63
Iowa Highway 16
Iowa Highway 137
Iowa Highway 149
Adjacent counties
Mahaska County (northwest)
Keokuk County (northeast)
Jefferson County (east)
Davis County (south)
Monroe County (west)
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 35,437 in the county, with a population density of . There were 15,734 housing units, of which 14,167 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 35,625 in the county, with a population density of . There were 16,098 housing units, of which 14,552 were occupied.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 36,051 people, 14,784 households, and 9,801 families residing in the county. The population density was 84 people per square mile (32/km2). There were 15,873 housing units at an average density of 37 per square mile (14/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 96.28% White, 0.93% Black or African American, 0.28% Native American, 0.65% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 1.05% from other races, and 0.79% from two or more races. 2.22% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 14,784 households, out of which 28.80% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.70% were married couples living together, 9.90% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.70% were non-families. 28.20% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.40% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.89.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 23.30% under the age of 18, 9.70% from 18 to 24, 26.00% from 25 to 44, 23.30% from 45 to 64, and 17.80% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 94.80 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.70 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $32,188, and the median income for a family was $39,224. Males had a median income of $31,346 versus $21,286 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,500. About 9.40% of families and 13.20% of the population were below the poverty line, including 18.00% of those under age 18 and 7.90% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Agency
Blakesburg
Chillicothe
Eddyville
Eldon
Kirkville
Ottumwa
Unincorporated communities
Ashland
Bladensburg
Dahlonega
Dudley
Farson
Munterville
Phillips
Pickwick
Ottumwa Junction
Rutledge
Townships
Adams
Agency
Cass
Center
Columbia
Competine
Dahlonega
Green
Highland
Keokuk
Pleasant
Polk
Richland
Washington
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Wapello County.
† county seat
Politics
See also
Big 4 Fair Art Hall, located at the Wapello County Fairgrounds
Wapello County Courthouse
National Register of Historic Places listings in Wapello County, Iowa
References
External links
Official Wapello County website
Iowa placenames of Native American origin
1843 establishments in Iowa Territory
Populated places established in 1843
Pyromaniac () is a 2016 Norwegian drama film directed by Erik Skjoldbjærg. It was selected to be screened in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2016 Toronto International Film Festival.
Cast
Per Frisch as Ingemann
Agnes Kittelsen as Elsa
Trond Nilssen as Dag
Liv Bernhoft Osa as Alma
Henrik Rafaelsen as Lensmann Johansen
References
External links
2016 films
2016 drama films
Norwegian drama films
2010s Norwegian-language films
Films directed by Erik Skjoldbjærg
Hartmut Schelter (born 22 May 1943) is a German sprinter. He competed in the men's 100 metres at the 1968 Summer Olympics representing East Germany.
References
1943 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
German male sprinters
Olympic athletes of East Germany
Place of birth missing (living people)
Olivier Bellisi (born 25 November 1975) is a French former professional footballer who played as a defender. He began his career with Olympique Lyonnais, where he made seven league appearances in three seasons. After a season on loan with Caen, he joined the club permanently in 1999. Bellisi was again sent out on loan during the 2000–01 season, to Louhans-Cuiseaux. Following his release by Caen in 2002, he moved into semi-professional football.
Football career
Olympique Lyonnais
Bellisi started his career at Ligue 1 side Olympique Lyonnais, and was promoted from the youth team to the senior squad in 1995. He made his first-team debut in the 1–2 defeat away at Montpellier on 1 December 1995. Bellisi was named in the squad for the following match against Le Havre, in which he came on as a substitute for Florent Laville in the 63rd minute. In the 1996–97 season, he again made only sporadic appearances, playing three league matches for Lyon including the 1–0 win away at Metz on 26 March 1997. Bellisi was restricted to one substitute appearance in the 1997–98 season. His final match for Lyon came on 25 September 1997 when replaced Alain Caveglia in the 1–3 home defeat to Lens.
Caen and Louhans-Cuiseaux
In the 1998–99 season, Bellisi was sent out on loan to Ligue 2 club Caen. He made his debut for the club on 15 August 1998 in the 1–1 draw with Saint-Étienne. Two weeks later, Bellisi scored the first and only league goal of his career when he netted the opening goal in Caen's 2–0 win against Nice. During his loan spell at Caen, he played a total of 18 league matches and in June 1999, he completed a permanent move from Lyon. He played three matches in the 1999–2000 season, and spent the following campaign out on loan at CS Louhans-Cuiseaux in the Championnat National. Bellisi made 26 league appearances and played one game in the Coupe de France for Louhans-Cuiseaux before returning to Caen in the summer of 2001. In the 2001–02 season he played 20 games for Caen, but was released at the end of the campaign.
Later career
Upon his release by Caen, Bellisi did not find another professional club and joined Championnat de France amateur 2 side AS Lyon Duchère. He spent two seasons with the club before transferring to UF Mâcon, where he ended his career a year later.
References
External links
1975 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Lyon Metropolis
French footballers
Association football defenders
Olympique Lyonnais players
Stade Malherbe Caen players
Louhans-Cuiseaux FC players
Lyon La Duchère players
Ligue 1 players
Footballers from Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes
Ali Hillis (born December 29, 1978) is an American actress who has appeared in television and film, and voices a number of characters in video games. She may be best known for her video game work as Dr. Liara T'Soni in the Mass Effect trilogy, Lightning in the Final Fantasy XIII series, and Palutena in Kid Icarus: Uprising.
Biography
Hillis was born in Huntington Beach, California on December 29, 1978. When she was six months old, Hillis and her family moved to Normal, Illinois and at age 3, to Sheboygan Falls, Wisconsin. She moved to Charlotte, North Carolina at age 13 and performed at The Children's Theater. She auditioned for Broadway plays in New York City with TV shows of Felicity (2 episodes in 1999), FreakyLinks, Undressed (2000), Naruto, JAG, Boomtown and Less Than Perfect. Her several film roles are All the Wrong Places, Kiss Kiss Bang Bang, Must Love Dogs, Open Water 2: Adrift, The Ultimate Gift, and The Heartbreak Kid and the Los Angeles play, A Good Soldier. Her video game roles are Lightning in Final Fantasy XIII, its sequels and Dissidia 012 Final Fantasy, Liara T'Soni in the Mass Effect trilogy, Ariel Hanson in Starcraft II: Wings of Liberty, Karin in the Naruto series, Palutena in Kid Icarus: Uprising and Isabelle "Izzy" Sinclair in Fuse.
In 2012, she starred in a YouTube web series called Fix Me by ModernMom, in which she plays Sydney Lang, a housewife who tries to fix everything around her.
Personal life
Hillis is married to Matt Swartz. The couple have one daughter together.
Filmography
Voice-over roles
Television
Film
Video games
Live-action roles
Television
Film
References
External links
1978 births
Living people
Actresses from Charlotte, North Carolina
Actresses from Huntington Beach, California
Actresses from Los Angeles
American film actresses
American stage actresses
American television actresses
American video game actresses
American voice actresses
East Carolina University alumni
People from Sheboygan Falls, Wisconsin
20th-century American actresses
21st-century American actresses
Wallace "Wally" Cleaver is a fictional character in the iconic American television sitcom Leave It to Beaver. Wally is the thirteen-year-old son of archetypal 1950s suburban parents, Ward and June Cleaver and the older brother of the seven-year-old ("almost eight") title character, Theodore "Beaver" Cleaver. The characters grew older along with the actors.
Wally is portrayed in the series by Tony Dow. Dow portrays an adult Wally Cleaver in both the reunion telemovie, Still the Beaver (1983), and in the sequel series The New Leave It to Beaver (1985–1989). Child actor Paul Sullivan, however, portrays the character in the series pilot, "It's a Small World", which aired in April 1957. In the 1997 film adaptation of the original series, Leave It to Beaver, Wally is portrayed by Erik von Detten.
Leave it to Beaver was created by writers Joe Connelly and Bob Mosher, who found inspiration among their own children for plot lines and dialogue. Wally is based on Connelly's son, Jay.
Overview
Wally is the "all-American" boy. He is an intelligent, polite teenager, who is trusted by his parents, popular with his peers, and liked by his teachers. He is an athlete with track, basketball and baseball being his three favorite sports; and, he excels at all. His friends, Clarence "Lumpy" Rutherford and Eddie Haskell, have a knack for getting into trouble and taking Wally along for the ride. Unlike his brother Beaver (who thinks girls are "creepy"), Wally is popular with the girls and has many girlfriends during the course of the series' run. In the later seasons, Wally has a few after school jobs and buys a used car.
The humor of the character rests in Wally's teenage perspective. He occasionally makes blunt or inappropriate comments that are bewildering or embarrassing to adults. He slips into slang occasionally, which upsets his mother. He sometimes humorously regards his parents as clueless squares. His dating life is sometimes frustrating as he tries to deal with the thoughts and emotions of teenaged girls. Wally also acts as a foil to the shenanigans of Eddie and Lumpy, but sometimes reluctantly goes along with them.
Wally serves as a bridge between Ward, June and Beaver. He is more astute and experienced than his brother and often puts parental communications in simpler terms for Beaver's comprehension. At other times, he clues the parents in on Beaver's activities, plans and feelings. At the age of five, Wally gave a newborn Beaver his nickname while trying to pronounce his given name of Theodore.
Home life
Though there are four bedrooms in the Cleaver house, Wally and Beaver share a bedroom. Their bedroom is a principal setting on the show. Wally spends his time in the bedroom at a small desk doing school assignments, the boys entertain their friends in the bedroom, and the room is often the scene of Ward's disciplinary lectures. Though Wally sometimes warns Beaver he will suffer some sort of physical punishment from Ward ("Dad's gonna clobber you!"), such punishments never occur.
Wally is rarely seen doing regular chores around the house. He sometimes clears the dinner table for his mother (i.e., he carries a few dirty dishes to the kitchen), and in one episode is seen drying dishes. But the typical chores of a teen boy (mowing the lawn, carrying out the trash, washing windows), apparently are not his. After school time is spent practicing sports, and, once home, Wally spends most of his time doing schoolwork in his bedroom. In one episode, however, Ward is out of town and Wally is asked to play the man of the house. He carves the roast at dinner and monitors Beaver's behavior.
Many episodes have a very brief "after school" scene in the kitchen between June and Wally. Wally arrives home and finds his mother preparing dinner; he regales her with teenspeak banter about the day's events at school. Then, as Wally leaves the room with a parting bon mot and the canned laughter kicks in, the camera catches June's bewildered, dazed, or amused facial expression.
A few episodes deal with Wally's teen taste in hairstyles and clothing. In one episode, he infuriates his mother by wearing his hair in a greasy "tango dancer" style and in another episode he irks both his parents when he buys a garish suit in a men's wear store.
Wally's high-school days
In the first season of Leave It to Beaver, Wally is a thirteen-year-old in his final year (8th grade) at Grant Avenue Grammar School. In the second season, Wally attends Mayfield High School, and remains there for the show's last five seasons, despite the fact that he should have graduated. Wally is a good student, who, unlike his brother Beaver, rarely gives his parents or teachers cause for concern. He spends school nights at home glued to his textbooks and scratching out essays in his composition tablet. In one episode, Wally runs for class president but loses the election. In another episode, Eddie "slugs" Wally in the school corridor when he believes Wally is moving in on his girl, and in another episode, Wally is caught by the coach throwing towels around the locker room. The series ends with Wally a high-school graduate preparing for State college and Beaver looking forward to entering Mayfield High.
Wally's teen romances
Wally's age permitted the writers to place him in dating situations with his school friends. Wally's first girlfriend on the show is Penny Jamison, a New York girl he meets during ballroom lessons at Miss Spencer's School of the Dance. Penny has danced with college boys and thinks Wally dances just as smoothly as they do. She wraps Wally around her little finger, and even has him going to the library to fetch a copy of Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm for her. The romance ends when Beaver sends Penny a toad in a nicely wrapped box. Wally then becomes romantically involved with Mary Ellen Rogers, though the viewer often hears about her rather than sees her. In a first-season episode, Mary Ellen cultivates Beaver's friendship in order to get to Wally, then maneuvers Wally into going to a dance against his will. In another episode, Wally takes cha-cha lessons to enter a dance contest with Mary Ellen. Even though Mary Ellen was Wally's principal romantic interest, Wally dated several other girls during his high school years. In one episode, he declines a vacation trip with his family to stay at home near his current flame, then discovers she has left town with her parents for a vacation trip. In another episode, he falls for a tennis playing "older woman" who uses him to make her estranged boyfriend jealous. One high-school friend who made five "romantic" appearances was Julie Foster. In one episode, Wally grows a moustache, thinking Julie will be enchanted with his debonair look, and then the poor boy is humiliated when she laughs at it.
Later seasons
As Beaver grew into an awkward young teen, he sometimes took a back seat to his older brother Wally, a student in his final years of high school. Tony Dow had grown into an attractive, athletic young man and was often featured in "heartthrob"-type magazines aimed principally at teen girls. Producers took advantage of Dow's popularity and scripted episodes delving into Wally's dating life, his after school jobs, his pals, and his car. Beaver was relegated to the background.
Finale
In June 1963, the series came to a close at milestones in the lives of Wally and Beaver: high school grad Wally preparing for State college and Beaver looking forward to entering Mayfield High. The last episode was a retrospective one called "Family Scrapbook" and has claimed its place in TV history as the first prime time sitcom episode specifically written as a series finale. In the episode, the Cleavers reminisce over old photos in a scrapbook while flashback clips are played from previous episodes. It is during the course of the last episode the viewer learns how Beaver got his nickname. The show ends with Beaver and Wally playing with a wind-up toy and laughing like children.
Subsequent history
In 1983, CBS aired the reunion telemovie Still the Beaver starring Jerry Mathers. Other members of the original series cast, including Dow, reprised their roles. In 1985, a sequel to the original series was produced called Still the Beaver, again starring Jerry Mathers and other original cast members. The series lasted one season on the Disney Channel before being picked up by TBS in 1986 and renamed The New Leave It to Beaver. The series aired until 1989.
In Still the Beaver and The New Leave It to Beaver, Wally is married to high school-sweetheart Mary Ellen and is an attorney engaged in private practice. Although it is not specified what Wally's exact specialties are, he did agree to be Beaver's attorney to fight for custody of his kids, but the plans changed when Beaver's ex-wife asked him to take the boys because the only vet school that will take her is in Italy. When the sequel series begins in 1984, Wally and Mary Ellen are the parents of a 10-year-old daughter, Kelly (Kaleena Kiff). In 1986, Mary Ellen gives birth to their second child, Kevin (who was age advanced to 4 years old in the fall of 1987 and played by Troy Davidson). The family lives at 213 Pine Street ... next door to his widowed mother June, Beaver, and Beaver's sons; Ward had died shortly before the events of Still the Beaver take place (series star Hugh Beaumont had died in 1982).
In 1997, the feature film Leave It to Beaver was released with young Erik von Detten as Wally.
References
Applebaum, Irwyn. The World According to Beaver. TV Books, 1984, 1998. ().
Bank, Frank. Call Me Lumpy: my Leave It to Beaver days and other wild Hollywood life . Addax, 2002. (), ().
Colella, Jennifer. The Leave It to Beaver Guide to Life: wholesome wisdom from the Cleavers! Running Press, 2006. (), ().
Leave It to Beaver: the complete first season. Universal Studios, 2005.
Leave It to Beaver: the complete second season. Universal Studios, 2006. ()
Mathers, Jerry. ...And Jerry Mathers as "The Beaver". Berkley Boulevard Books, 1998. ()
External links
Character profile at TVLand.com
Teenage characters in television
Television characters introduced in 1957
Fictional lawyers
Leave It to Beaver characters
American male characters in television
Ana Marcos Moral (born 9 July 2000) is a Spanish footballer who plays as a forward for Sporting de Huelva.
Club career
Anita Marcos started her career at Torrelodones.
References
External links
Profile at La Liga
2000 births
Living people
Women's association football forwards
Spanish women's footballers
Footballers from Seville
Atlético Madrid Femenino players
Celtic F.C. Women players
Valencia CF Femenino players
Sporting de Huelva players
Scottish Women's Premier League players
Primera División (women) players
Spanish expatriate women's footballers
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Scotland
Expatriate women's footballers in Scotland
Charles George Drake (July 21, 1920 – September 15, 1998) was a Canadian neurosurgeon known for his work on treating aneurysms.
Born in Windsor, Ontario, he received his BSc and MD degrees from The University of Western Ontario.
From 1974 until 1984 he was Chairman of the Department of Surgery at the University of Western Ontario. In 1986, he co-founded the Robarts Research Institute, which was Canada's only independent medical research centre until its recent merger with the university. While he practiced, he was a member of The Harvey Club of London, the oldest medical club in Canada.
He was the president of the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada (1971–1973), the American Association of Neurological Surgeons (1977), the American College of Surgeons (1984–1985), the World Federation of Neurological Societies (1977–1981), the Society of Neurological Surgeons (1980), and the American Surgical Association (1986–1987).
In 1982 he was made an Officer of the Order of Canada and was promoted to Companion in 1998. In 1994 he was inducted in the Canadian Medical Hall of Fame. There is also a metal bust of his head outside the main entrance of London's University Hospital, where Drake practised. The bust was unveiled in 2003 by his wife Ruth and Della Reese, one of his former patients.
He married Ruth Pitts.
Honours
Honorary Degrees
Honorary degrees
References
Specific
1920 births
1998 deaths
Companions of the Order of Canada
Members of the Order of Ontario
Canadian neurosurgeons
People from Windsor, Ontario
University of Western Ontario alumni
American Surgical Association members
20th-century Canadian physicians
20th-century surgeons
Abilene Reporter-News is a daily newspaper based in Abilene, Texas, United States. The newspaper started publishing as the weekly Abilene Reporter, helmed by Charles Edwin Gilbert on June 17, 1881, just three months after Abilene was founded. It is hence the oldest continuous business in the city. It became a daily newspaper in 1885.
History
Two months after starting the paper, a fire destroyed several buildings in Abilene, including Gilbert's office. He rode the train 21 miles east to Baird and used a borrowed printing press to produce an extra edition on the fire. Two other Abilene papers began publication in the 1880s.
The newspaper, owned in the early 1920s by Bernard Hanks, became one of the two original flagships of the Harte-Hanks newspaper chain in 1924.
In 1937, the company merged its morning paper, The Morning News, with the afternoon Daily Reporter to form the Abilene Reporter-News. The newspaper published morning and evening editions into the 1950s.
The E. W. Scripps Company bought the newspaper, along with other Texas-based Harte-Hanks papers, in 1997. The company spun out its newspaper assets into Journal Media Group in April 2015.
References
External links
Newspapers published in Texas
Gannett publications
Abilene, Texas
Mass media in Abilene, Texas
Daily newspapers published in the United States
Publications established in 1881
1881 establishments in Texas
John Ritter (February 6, 1779 – November 24, 1851) was a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
John Ritter was born in Exeter, Pennsylvania. He received a limited schooling and apprenticed as a printer. He was a member of the State constitutional convention in 1836.
Ritter was elected as a Democrat to the Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth Congresses. He was not a candidate for renomination in 1846. He served as editor and publisher of the Adler, a German newspaper, at Reading, Pennsylvania. He died in Reading in 1851. Interment in Reading's Charles Evans Cemetery.
Sources
The Political Graveyard
External links
1779 births
1851 deaths
People from Exeter, Pennsylvania
American people of German descent
Burials at Charles Evans Cemetery
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania
Drew Weissman (born 1959) is an American physician-scientist best known for his contributions to RNA biology. His work helped enable development of effective mRNA vaccines, the best known of which are those for COVID-19 produced by BioNTech/Pfizer and Moderna. Weissman is a professor of medicine at the Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania (Penn). He and his research colleague Katalin Karikó have received numerous awards including the presigious Lasker-DeBakey Clinical Medical Research Award.
Education and training
Weissman grew up in Lexington, Massachusetts. He received his B.A. and M.A. from Brandeis University in 1981, where he majored in biochemistry and enzymology and he worked in the lab of Gerald Fasman. He performed his graduate work in immunology and microbiology to receive his M.D. and Ph.D in 1987 at Boston University, which had an affiliation with the Methodist Church. Afterward, Weissman did a residency at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, followed by a fellowship at the National Institutes of Health (NIH), under the supervision of Anthony Fauci, the current director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases.
Career
In 1997, Weissman moved to the University of Pennsylvania to start his laboratory in order to study RNA and innate immune system biology. He is now the Roberts Family Professor in Vaccine Research at the university.
At the university Weissman, an immunologist studying vaccines, met his future colleague and collaborator Katalin Karikó at a photocopy machine, where they sympathized about the lack of funding for RNA research. At the time, Karikó had been trying RNA therapy on cerebral diseases and strokes. Weissman began collaborating with Karikó, who then switched her focus to the application of RNA technology to vaccines. The main obstacle they faced was that the RNA was causing unwanted immune and inflammatory reactions as adverse responses. In 2005, they published a landmark study that used synthetic nucleosides to modify the RNA to prevent its degradation by the body. This breakthrough laid the groundwork for the use of RNA therapeutics. In 2006, he and Karikó co-founded RNARx. Their objective was to develop novel RNA therapies. In 2020 their modified RNA technology became the key foundational component of the Pfizer/BioNTech and Moderna COVID-19 vaccines, which were deployed worldwide against the COVID-19 pandemic. Weissman hopes that the same technology can be used to develop vaccines against influenza, herpes, and HIV.
Weissman also has been collaborating with scientists in Chulalongkorn University, Thailand to develop and provide COVID-19 vaccines for the country and neighboring low-income countries that may not have immediate access to the vaccine.
Recognition
Both Weissman and Karikó were awarded the 2020 Rosenstiel Award. He was given an honorary degree by the Drexel University College of Medicine. In 2021, he was awarded the Princess of Asturias Award in the category "Scientific Research". Also in 2021 he and Karikó received the Louisa Gross Horwitz Prize, the Albany Medical Center Prize, and the Lasker-DeBakey Clinical Medical Research Award. For 2021 he received the BBVA Foundation Frontiers of Knowledge Award along with Katalin Kariko and Robert S. Langer. For 2022 he was awarded the Jessie Stevenson Kovalenko Medal of the NAS jointly with Katalin Kariko and also the Japan Prize jointly with Katalin Kariko. Also in 2022 he received the Robert Koch Prize and the Tang Prize in Biopharmaceutical Science.
According to a report in The Washington Post, Weissman gets fan mail from people all over the world, thanking him for his work that made the Covid-19 vaccine possible — one said "You've made hugs and closeness possible again" — and asking him for a picture or his autograph.
Patents
Weissman is the inventor on many patents, including US8278036B2 and US8748089B2, which detail the modifications required to make RNA suitable for vaccines and other therapies. Later, these patents were licensed to Gary Dahl, founder and CEO of Cellscript, who subsequently licensed the technology to Moderna and BioNTech to ultimately use in their COVID-19 vaccines.
References
External links
Brandeis University alumni
Boston University School of Medicine alumni
Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania faculty
Living people
American biochemists
American physicians
American scientists
University of Pennsylvania faculty
Jewish scientists
Physician-scientists
Recipients of the Lasker-DeBakey Clinical Medical Research Award
1959 births
Ascalaphus sinister is a species of owlfly from northern India. The thorax is covered in brown hairs, with yellow markings on the sides and ventral surface and a yellow stripe running down the dorsum. The head is yellow and covered in white hairs, with some black hair on the vertex. The antennae are rust red and not as long as the wings. To elongate abdomen is saffron yellow with two black stripes down the back and a number of black streaks along the sides. Legs are yellow. The vagina in females is short and wide. The bursa copulatrix and receptaculum seminis are relatively proximate, with the latter being sclerotized and wrinkled.
References
External links
Myrmeleontidae
Insects of India
Insects described in 1853
In theoretical physics, a kugelblitz is a concentration of heat, light or radiation so intense that its energy forms an event horizon and becomes self-trapped: according to general relativity and the equivalence of mass and energy, if enough radiation is aimed into a region, the concentration of energy can warp spacetime enough for the region to become a black hole, although this would be a black hole whose original mass–energy had been in the form of radiant energy rather than matter.
John Archibald Wheeler's 1955 Physical Review paper entitled "geons" refers to the kugelblitz phenomena and explores the idea of creating such particles (or toy models of particles) from spacetime curvature.
The kugelblitz phenomenon has been considered a possible basis for interstellar engines (drives) for future black hole starships.
See also
Bekenstein bound
Ronald Mallett
Micro black hole
References
Black holes
General relativity
Light
"Pennyroyal Tea" is a song by the American rock band Nirvana, written by vocalist and guitarist Kurt Cobain. It is the ninth track on the band's third and final studio album, In Utero, released in 1993.
The song was due to be released as the third single from In Utero in April 1994, but the single was recalled following Cobain's death the same month. The single was re-released, on limited edition 7 inch vinyl, for Record Store Day in April 2014, and charted at number 1 on the Billboard Hot Singles Sales chart.
Origin and recording
Early history
According to Michael Azerrad's 1993 Nirvana biography, Come as You Are: The Story of Nirvana, "Pennyroyal Tea" was written by Cobain in 1990 in an Olympia, Washington apartment he shared with Nirvana drummer, Dave Grohl. "Dave and I were screwing around on a 4-track," Cobain explained, "and I wrote that song in about thirty seconds. And I sat down for like half-an-hour and wrote the lyrics and then we recorded it."
"Pennyroyal Tea" was first performed live on April 17, 1991 at the OK Hotel in Seattle, Washington, the show at which Nirvana also debuted their breakthrough single, "Smells Like Teen Spirit". Footage of both songs from this performance was released on the DVD of the Nirvana rarities box set, With the Lights Out, in November 2004.
Two unfinished takes of the song, both lacking vocals, were recorded by Jack Endino on October 26, 1992, at Word of Mouth in Seattle, Washington.
In Utero
The final studio version of "Pennyroyal Tea" was recorded by Steve Albini at Pachyderm Studios in Cannon Falls, Minnesota, in February, 1993, and officially released on In Utero in September 1993.
The song was first attempted on February 14, with the first take being an instrumental." In a 2013 interview for the audio series Spotify Landmark, Albini revealed that "Pennyroyal Tea" and the album's eventual first single, "Heart-Shaped Box", were the only two songs recorded during the sessions that required "more than a couple of takes", saying that both were "recorded several times in several aerations." Albini also explained that Grohl's bass drum was replaced on "Pennyroyal Tea", as well as "Dumb", with a small one "with a full-front head on it, so that it had a very sort of bouncy, jazzy sound, as opposed to the sort of more percussive, more hard rock sound on the rest of the record."
Cobain was ultimately dissatisfied with the recording, telling David Fricke in a 1993 Rolling Stone interview that the song "was not recorded right. There is something wrong with that. That should have been recorded like Nevermind, because I know that's a strong song, a hit single. We're toying with the idea of re-recording it or remixing it."
The song was remixed by Scott Litt, who had remixed the singles "Heart-Shaped Box" and "All Apologies" prior to the album's release, on November 23, 1993 at Bad Animals in Seattle, Washington. This version appeared on the censored Wal-Mart and Kmart versions of In Utero, released in March 1994. It was also the mix used on the recalled "Pennyroyal Tea" single, and became widely available when it appeared on the band's first greatest hits compilation, Nirvana, in November 2002.
Post-In Utero
On November 18, 1993, Cobain performed a solo, acoustic version of the song during Nirvana's MTV Unplugged appearance at Sony Music Studios in New York City.
A full band version, featuring second guitarist Pat Smear, was recorded in Paris, France on February 4, 1994, during Nirvana's appearance on the French television show, Nulle Part Ailleurs.
The band had planned to perform the song on the UK TV show Top of the Pops later in 1994, as revealed by the discovery of a Digital Audio Tape containing three instrumental mixes of the song. The show allowed musicians to mime live vocals over pre-recorded instruments, and first featured Nirvana in November 1991, when Cobain mocked the show's format by singing "Smells Like Teen Spirit" in a lower key.
"Pennyroyal Tea" was performed for the last time live at Nirvana's final concert, on March 1, 1994, at Terminal Eins in Munich, Germany.
Composition and lyrics
The song's title refers to the tea made from boiling the leaves of the plant Mentha pulegium, or pennyroyal, which is used as an abortifacient, among other things, in traditional medicine. In Cobain's unused liner notes for In Utero, published posthumously in Journals in 2002, the entry for "Pennyroyal Tea" simply reads: "herbal abortive... it doesn't work, you hippie."
In an interview in the October 1993 issue of Impact, Cobain gave greater insight into the song, saying that it was about a person suffering from severe depression:
In a 1995 interview, Cohen told Addicted to Noise correspondent Peter Howell, "I'm sorry I couldn't have spoken to the young man. I see a lot of people at the Zen Centre, who have gone through drugs and found a way out that is not just Sunday school. There are always alternatives, and I might have been able to lay something on him. Or maybe not."
Release and reception
Reviewing In Utero for Rolling Stone, Fricke wrote, "In the sepulchral folk intro of 'Penny Royal Tea,' Cobain almost sounds like Michael Stipe at the beginning of R.E.M.'s Drive'—before the heaving, fuzz-burnt chorus comes lashing down with a vengeance." In his review of the album for the NME, John Mulvey wrote that "Pennyroyal Tea" was "a terrific song – straightforward, insidious, oddly moving," but that "the guitars don't scream enough, the chorus doesn't tower like it should, and overall it's the one real 'Call Butch Vig' moment."
Legacy
In 2004, the NME ranked "Pennyroyal Tea" at number six on their list of the 20 Greatest Nirvana Songs Ever. The same year, Q included the song on their list of 12 Album Tracks That Should Have Been Singles, But Weren't, at number two. In 2015, Rolling Stone placed it at number 11 on their ranking of 102 Nirvana songs.
Single
The "Pennyroyal Tea" single was recalled shortly after Cobain's death in April 1994. The single's cancellation may have been in part due to the title of one of the b-sides, "I Hate Myself and Want to Die", although it may have been cancelled regardless of this, so as not to capitalize on Cobain's death. In the United Kingdom, the single was scheduled to be released on May 3, 1994, but this was scrapped with Music Week reporting that sales of Nirvana releases had rocketed but that MCA did not want to cash-in on Cobain's death.
At the time, only retail versions of the CD single made in Germany had been manufactured and distributed. The singles were recalled and destroyed by the record label or retailers, but some copies were put aside, which is apparently the source of surviving copies. Some copies may have been sold by retailers, despite the recall.
Sleeves for the single's United Kingdom release, on 7 inch vinyl and cassette, were manufactured, but the single itself was not pressed in the UK prior to the recall. As with all Nirvana artwork, it had been produced in the United States, although there were no plans to release the single in the US. However, the song did receive some airplay on US rock and alternative radio in 1994-95.
A promotional CD single for the song was manufactured in the UK and exists in even smaller numbers than the German retail CD. It features only the title track, misspelled as "Penny Royal Tea". In 2019, it was reported that the promotional single had appeared twice on Discogs with prices of $1,120 and $1,199.
In a March 2020 Goldmine article, journalist Gillian G. Garr reported a range of $346 to $1,100 as recent prices of the single, and "upwards of $1,000" for the promotional single, with one recently on sale for $2,597.
Artwork
Unlike the artwork for the previous In Utero singles, "Heart-Shaped Box" and "All Apologies"/ "Rape Me", the artwork for the "Pennyroyal Tea" single featured no input from Cobain. "We got it done and I don't know that Kurt was around to approve it or not," recalls designer Robert Fisher. "I think it might just have been shot to management to approve or something." The single's cover features a teacup on a table next to a used ashtray, a cream pitcher and animal crackers.
2014 Record Store Day re-release
On April 19, 2014, the "Pennyroyal Tea" single was re-released on 7-inch vinyl for Record Store Day 2014, limited to only 6000 copies. It was the top-selling vinyl single of Record Store Day in the US, reaching number 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 Singles Sales Chart.
Music video
Dutch director Anton Corbijn was asked to direct a music video for "Pennyroyal Tea", but he refused, saying he did not believe he could make a video better than the one he had made for "Heart-Shaped Box", the first single from In Utero. American director Jeffery Plansker was enlisted as the director instead, but the planned video was abandoned after Cobain's death in April 1994.
MTV Unplugged version
Featuring only Cobain on vocals and guitar, the MTV Unplugged version of "Pennyroyal Tea" was the only solo performance of the concert. The band had tried different approaches to the song during the rehearsal earlier that day, performing it in a different key and with Smear on backing vocals. However, during the show Cobain decided to attempt it on his own, asking, "Am I going to do this by myself?" to which Grohl replied, "Do it by yourself", and Cobain joking that "if it sounds bad, these people are just going to have to wait." The song was performed in the same arrangement as the In Utero version but without the guitar solo, and Cobain paused before the third verse, as if briefly forgetting what lyric to sing next, then regained himself and completed the song. Cobain biographer Charles Cross called this version Cobain's "single greatest moment onstage", writing that "like all the high-water marks of his career, it came at a time when he seemed destined to fail."
This version was officially released on the album MTV Unplugged in New York in November 1994. Footage of the performance, as well as from the rehearsals, were released on the MTV Unplugged in New York DVD in November, 2007.
Courtney Love duet at Club Lingerie version
Courtney Love and Kurt Cobain performed Pennyroyal Tea live at the Rock Against Rape benefit show September 1993 at Club Lingerie in Los Angeles.
Accolades
Track listings
All songs written and composed by Kurt Cobain unless otherwise noted.
1994 German CD single (GED 21907)
"Pennyroyal Tea" (Litt remix)
"I Hate Myself and Want to Die"
"Where Did You Sleep Last Night (In the Pines)" (live) (Traditional) (Edit)
1994 UK promotional CD single (NIRPRO)
"Pennyroyal Tea" (Litt remix)
1994 UK CD single (planned but never produced apart from the inserts)
"Pennyroyal Tea" (Litt remix)
"I Hate Myself and Want to Die"
"Where Did You Sleep Last Night (In the Pines)" (live) (Traditional)
1994 UK cassette single (planned but never produced)
"Pennyroyal Tea" (Litt remix)
"Where Did You Sleep Last Night (In the Pines)" (live) (Traditional)
1994 UK 7" vinyl single (planned but never produced apart from the card sleeves)
"Pennyroyal Tea" (Litt remix)
"Where Did You Sleep Last Night (In the Pines)" (live) (Traditional)
2014 Record Store Day 7" vinyl single re-release
"Pennyroyal Tea" (Litt remix)
"I Hate Myself and Want to Die"
Chart positions
Personnel
All personnel credits adapted from In Uteros liner notes except design personnel adapted from "Pennyroyal Tea"'s liner notes.
Nirvana
Kurt Cobain – vocals, guitar
Krist Novoselic – bass
Dave Grohl – drums
Production personnel
Steve Albini – producer, engineer
Adam Kasper – engineer
Scott Litt – mixing
Bob Ludwig – mastering
Design personnel
Robert Fisher – art direction, design
Greg Stata – art direction, design
John Skalicky – photography
Other releases
The second of the two instrumental takes recorded at Word of Mouth in Seattle, on October 26, 1992, was released on the 20th anniversary "Deluxe" and "Super Deluxe" versions of In Utero in September 2013.
A third mix of the studio version, done by Albini in 2013, also appeared the 20th anniversary "Deluxe" and "Super Deluxe" versions of In Utero.
A live version, recorded at Pier 48 in Seattle, on December 13, 1993 for MTV, was released on the live video, Live and Loud, in September 2013. An edited version of the concert, including "Pennyroyal Tea", first aired on MTV on December 31, 1993. The Live and Loud DVD also featured rehearsal footage of the song for the show, recorded earlier that day at the same venue, as bonus material.
The live version recorded during the band's appearance on Nulle Part Ailleurs in Paris, on February 4, 1994, appeared as bonus material on the Live and Loud DVD.
Unreleased versions
The 4-track version recorded by Cobain and Grohl in Olympia in 1990 was leaked on the internet in 2015, but has never appeared on an official release. Michelle Geslani of Consequence of Sound described this recording as "darker [and] more slow-burning" than the final studio version, and wrote that it "features Cobain adapting a guttural growl not unlike Leonard Cohen (interesting, given the lyrics)."
References
Bibliography
References
External links
"Pennyroyal Tea" single information at
"Pennyroyal Tea" discography at
1993 songs
1994 singles
Nirvana (band) songs
Songs written by Kurt Cobain
Songs about depression
Songs about drugs
Song recordings produced by Steve Albini
Record Store Day releases
Recalled publications
Raquel Anderson (born 2 November 1991) is a New Zealand rugby league footballer who played for the New Zealand Warriors in the NRL Women's Premiership. A or , she is a New Zealand representative.
Playing career
A Manurewa Marlins junior, Anderson made her debut for New Zealand in their 2017 Women's Rugby League World Cup warm-up match against the Maori Wahine Toa. In November 2017, she represented New Zealand at the World Cup, playing two games.
In 2018, she joined the New Zealand Warriors NRL Women's Premiership team. In Round 2 of the 2018 NRL Women's premiership, she made her debut for the Warriors, scoring a try in a 10–22 loss to the St George Illawarra Dragons.
On 22 June 2019, she came off the bench in New Zealand's 46–8 win over Samoa at Mt Smart Stadium.
References
1991 births
Living people
New Zealand female rugby league players
New Zealand women's national rugby league team players
Rugby league halfbacks
Rugby league hookers
New Zealand Warriors (NRLW) players
"Happy Hippy Hut" is a song by Australian group, Skyhooks, released in August 1994 as a double-A sided split single with "The Ballad of Oz" by fellow Australian group, Daddy Cool. The single peaked at number 35 on the ARIA Singles Chart, remaining in that position for three consecutive weeks. Daddy Cool's lead singer, Ross Wilson, was Skyhooks' early record producer.
Background and release
Early 1970s band Daddy Cool's lead singer, Ross Wilson, became Skyhooks' first record producer, in 1975. Both groups had performed at the Sunbury Pop Festival in 1974 and in 1975. In 1994, Skyhooks and Daddy Cool, both briefly reformed for a proposed stadium tour. Together they released a double-A sided single, "Happy Hippy Hut" / "The Ballad of Oz". However the tour was downgraded to the pub circuit.
Track listing
Charts
References
1994 singles
Mushroom Records singles
1994 songs
Songs written by Greg Macainsh
Skyhooks (band) songs
The United States Virgin Islands (USVI) sent a delegation to compete at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7–18 September 2016. This was the Virgin Islands' second time competing at a Summer Paralympic Games. They were represented by one athlete, Ivan Espinosa, who contested one event, the men's 1500 meters T37. In that event, he came in 8th place.
Background
The United States Virgin Islands made their second Paralympics appearance in Rio de Janeiro, with their Paralympic Games debut occurring four years prior in the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London. In contrast, the Virgin Islands have been competing at the Olympic Games since the 1968 Summer Olympics. The 2016 Summer Paralympics were held from 7–18 September 2016 with a total of 4,328 athletes representing 159 National Paralympic Committees taking part. The USVI sent one competitor to Rio, in track and field, Ivan Espinosa. He was chosen as the flag bearer for the opening ceremony.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories: amputation, which may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, though there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; and Les autres, which is any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, like dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities. Other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Athletics
Espinosa was 34 years old at the time of the Rio Paralympics, and these Paralympics were his second significant international competition, after the 2015 Parapan American Games. He suffers from cerebral palsy and is classified as T37. The International Paralympic Committee describes T37 as athletes that "have moderate hypertonia, ataxia or athetosis in one half of the body. The other side of the body may be minimally affected but always demonstrates good functional ability in running. Arm action is asymmetrical. Some trunk asymmetry is usually evident." On 11 September, Espinosa took part in the men's 1500 meters T37. He finished in a time of 5 minutes and 7 seconds, which put him in 8th and last place. Michael McKillop of Ireland won the gold medal in a time of 4 minutes and 12.11 seconds; the silver medal was won by Liam Stanley of Canada, and the bronze by Madjid Djemai of Algeria.
See also
Virgin Islands at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in United States Virgin Islands sports
The 2007 UEFA Women's Cup Final was played on 21 and 29 April 2007 between Arsenal of England and Umeå of Sweden. It was the first final not to feature German teams since the 2003 final. Arsenal won 1–0 on aggregate.
Arsenal were chasing an unprecedented quadruple of titles having already secured the England women's premier league, Women's FA Cup and Women's Premier League Cup. They were the first English team to reach the UEFA Women's Cup Final and to date the only English winner of the competition. Chelsea W.F.C reached the 2021 final but ultimately lost to Barcelona Feminine making them only the second English side to reach the final.
Arsenal W.F.C have gone on to reach three more semi-finals (2011, 2012, 2013) since the competition's name was rebranded to the UEFA Women's Champion's League but never the final, being knocked out by Olympic Lyonnais Feminine, Wolfsburg Fauren and Frankfurt Fauren. With two of their semi-final conquers going on to lift the trophy.
Umeå would go on to reach back to back finals but would ultimately lose to Frankfurt Fauren by a score of 4-3 over two legs. That would end up being the Swedish side's last final in the competition.
Match details
First leg
Second leg
References
Women's Cup
Uefa Women's Cup Final 2007
Uefa Women's Cup Final 2007
2007
UEFA
UEFA
2006–07 in English women's football
April 2007 sports events in Europe
Sports competitions in Umeå
UEFA Women's Cup Final, 2007
Young Footballer of the Year may refer to:
All Stars Young Footballer of the Year, an annual award presented to a Gaelic football player in Ireland
PFA Young Player of the Year, an annual award presented to an association football player in England
See also
All Stars Young Hurler of the Year, a similar award presented to a hurler each year
Kimberly Dianne Shattuck (July 17, 1963 – October 2, 2019) was an American singer, musician, and songwriter. She was the lead vocalist, guitarist, and primary songwriter of the American punk rock band the Muffs, which formed in 1991. From 1985 to 1990, Shattuck was a member of The Pandoras. In 2001, she was a singer, guitarist and songwriter for The Beards, a side project composed of Shattuck, Lisa Marr, and Sherri Solinger. In 2013, she served briefly as the bass player for Pixies.
Life and career
Childhood and studies
Kimberly Dianne Shattuck was born on July 17, 1963, at Long Beach, California, daughter of Kent and Betty (née Hess) Shattuck. She was raised in Orange County along with her siblings, a brother, Kirk, and sister, Kristen. She began playing guitar while attending Orange Coast College, where she was studying photography.
Music
Shattuck played bass and sang backing vocals for the Pandoras from 1985 to 1990. In 1991, switching to guitar and assuming lead vocals, she formed the Muffs in Los Angeles with fellow Pandoras veteran Melanie Vammen. The band remained active over the following two decades, releasing seven albums between 1993 and 2019.
In addition to her work with the Pandoras and the Muffs, Shattuck was involved in numerous other musical projects. In the early 1990s she sang on several White Flag recordings and occasionally appeared with the band live. She sang on the NOFX song "Lori Meyers" on the album Punk in Drublic, as well as on a Bowling for Soup song, "I'll Always Remember You (That Way)", which was included with the single "My Wena". She also collaborated with vocals for the Kepi Ghoulie song "This Friend of Mine" on the album American Gothic and The Dollyrots for their track "Some Girls" off the album A Little Messed Up. Shattuck is the namesake of Dr. Shattuck, a character on Mr. Show (HBO, 1995–1999). Shattuck joined the Pixies for their fall 2013 European tour, following the departure of original member Kim Deal, but was fired at the end of the tour in late November 2013. Shortly before her death, she recorded a six-song EP with Vammen and Palmyra Delran as The Coolies, which included a special appearance by Stevie Van Zandt on theremin.
Shattuck participated in several studio and live reunions of the Pandoras from 2014 to 2018. Although she originally played bass and sang backing vocals in the Pandoras, she was the lead singer and guitarist for these reunions due to the death of original Pandoras lead singer and guitarist Paula Pierce in 1991.
Illness and death
Shattuck died at her home in Los Angeles on October 2, 2019, from complications of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, aged 56. She never publicly disclosed that she had the disease, but did state that it ran in her paternal family. Shattuck was survived by her mother and two siblings, as well as her husband of 16 years, Kevin Sutherland. Shortly before her death, the Muffs had recorded their seventh studio album, No Holiday, which was released on October 18, 2019.
References
Further reading
Randall Roberts, "Singer Fronted The Muffs, At Vanguard of L.A. Pop-Punk," Los Angeles Times, vol. 138, no. 306 (October 5, 2019), p. B5
External links
Kim Shattuck at Find a Grave
Kim Shattuck at Blogspot
Kim Shattuck on Flickr
1963 births
2019 deaths
Musicians from Los Angeles
Pop punk singers
Women bass guitarists
Women punk rock singers
Pixies (band) members
American pop rock singers
20th-century American guitarists
21st-century American guitarists
20th-century American women singers
21st-century American women singers
Neurological disease deaths in California
Deaths from motor neuron disease
20th-century American singers
21st-century American singers
Burials at Forest Lawn Memorial Park (Glendale)
20th-century American women guitarists
21st-century American women guitarists
Walter 'Peter' Ramsay Allan (26 October 1927 — 12 May 2003) was a Scottish first-class cricketer and surgeon.
The son of Walter Ramsay Allan senior and his wife, Elizabeth Brownlee née Moffat, he was born at Riccarton in October 1927. He was educated at the Edinburgh Academy, before matriculating to read medicine at Lincoln College, Oxford. In 1950, he made three appearances in first-class cricket for Scotland against Ireland, Sussex, and Yorkshire. Allan scored 73 runs in his three matches, with the highest score of 30. After graduating from Lincoln College, he went up to the University of Edinburgh for his clinical studies, qualifying in 1951. He worked at the Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh and at Stornaway, where he was a house physician and house surgeon respectively. He carried out his National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps, being commissioned as a lieutenant in October 1952, with promotion to captain following in November 1954, antedated to October 1953.
Upon the competition of his National Service, he returned to the civilian medical setting. Allan resumed his surgical training at the Caernarfon and Anglesey Infirmary at Bangor in Wales, before completing his training at Manchester. He remained in the Manchester area, being appointed a senior registrar at the Preston and Manchester Royal Infirmaries. He was later appointed a consultant surgeon at the Bolton Royal Infirmary. In retirement he developed an interest in 18th-century Scottish writers. He was married to Anne Evans, a senior house officer in anaesthetics; the couple had two daughters. Allan died at Bolton in May 2003. His brother, Jimmy, was also a first-class cricketer.
References
External links
1927 births
2003 deaths
Sportspeople from East Ayrshire
People educated at Edinburgh Academy
Alumni of Lincoln College, Oxford
Scottish cricketers
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
20th-century Scottish medical doctors
Royal Army Medical Corps officers
Fellows of the Royal College of Surgeons
Fellows of the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh
Lerma Elmira Bulauitan-Gabito (born 17 October 1974 in Peñablanca, Cagayan) is a Filipino long jumper. Her personal best jump is 6.56 metres, achieved in June 2004 in Colombo.
She won the silver medal at the 2001 Asian Championships, the bronze medal at the 2003 Asian Championships and finished sixth at the 2005 Asian Championships. She also competed at the Olympic Games in 2000 and 2004 as well as the World Championships in 2001 and 2003 without reaching the final.
She was the gold medallist in the long jump at the 2003 Southeast Asian Games.
Competition record
References
1974 births
Living people
Filipino female long jumpers
Olympic track and field athletes of the Philippines
Athletes (track and field) at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2002 Asian Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2006 Asian Games
Sportspeople from Cagayan
University Athletic Association of the Philippines players
Southeast Asian Games medalists in athletics
Southeast Asian Games gold medalists for the Philippines
Southeast Asian Games competitors for the Philippines
Southeast Asian Games silver medalists for the Philippines
Competitors at the 2001 Southeast Asian Games
Competitors at the 2003 Southeast Asian Games
Competitors at the 2005 Southeast Asian Games
Asian Games competitors for the Philippines
Bruno & Marrone are a Brazilian sertanejo duo from Goiânia.
Bruno (b. Vinicius Felix de Miranda, 1969) performed for a decade as a solo musician before approaching Leandro e Leonardo for help finding a partner. They introduced him to Marrone (b. José Roberto Ferreira, 1964), a concertina player. Their debut was released by Warner Records in 1995; they have enjoyed a successful and prolific career since then, releasing more than one album per year. In 2002 they won a Latin Grammy for their DVD release.
Discography
1995: Bruno e Marrone – Vol. 1
1996: Bruno e Marrone – Vol. 2
1997: Acorrentado em Você
1998: Viagem
1999: Cilada de Amor
2000: Paixão Demais
2000: Sucessos De Bruno & Marrone
2000: Acústico
2001: Dose Dupla
2001: Acústico ao Vivo
2002: Minha Vida Minha Música
2002: Os Gigantes
2002: Sonhos, Planos, Fantasias
2003: Inevitável
2004: Ao Vivo
2005: Meu Presente É Você
2006: Ao Vivo em Goiânia
2006: Sonhos, Amores E Sucessos(4 CDs)
2007: Acústico II Vol. 01
2007: Acústico II Vol. 02
2008: Maxximum
2009: O Melhor Ao Vivo
2009: De Volta Aos Barers
2009: Essencial
2010: Sonhando
Videography
2001: Acústico Ao Vivo (Abril Music)
2004: Ao Vivo (BMG)
2006: Ao vivo em Goiânia (BMG)
2007: Acústico II Ao Vivo (Sony / BMG)
References
[ Bruno & Marrone] at Allmusic
External links
Official website
Sertanejo music groups
Sertanejo musicians
Brazilian musical duos
Musical groups established in 1995
Country music duos
Wimmis Castle is a castle in the municipality of Wimmis of the Canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
History
By the 12th or 13th century the Lords of Wimmis or Strättligen built Wimmis Castle above the village. The exact relationship between the two families is unclear, but the Wimmis line became extinct in the mid-13th century and by 1260 the Freiherr von Strättligen owned Wimmis Castle and the surrounding lands. A few years later the castle and lands were incorporated into the extensive holdings of the Freiherr von Weissenburg. Over the following years, the town at the foot of the castle was attacked and burned twice by Bernese troops, in 1298 and 1334 and the castle was attacked and taken in 1334. After the war, Freiherr Johann the Elder von Weissenburg was forced to sign a treaty with Bern. The castle and surrounding bailiwick were inherited by the Freiherr von Brandis in 1368. However, in 1398 he sold a half share of the estates to the von Scharnachtal family and in 1437 sold the remaining half to them. The von Scharnachtals held the castle and bailiwick until Bern bought it back in 1449.
Under Bernese rule the castle became the center of the Niedersimmental district. During the 17th and 18th centuries the castle was expanded in several stages into its current appearance. In 1708 a fire broke out in the castle town, destroying the entire settlement around the castle. The castle town was abandoned and the current castle gardens were planted on the site. After the 1803 Act of Mediation, the castle became the center of new Niedersimmental district. In 1967 the district administration moved into a modern office building but the district court remained in the castle. In 2010 the administrative structure of the Canton of Bern changed. The court moved from Wimmis to Thun and the castle was given to the municipality.
Construction history
The castle probably grew out of an early medieval church and fortified estate that was built on hill above Wimmis. The original castle consisted of a Bergfried, attached living quarters and a wall. After it passed to the Freiherr von Weissenburg, Rudolf III expanded the castle. He encircled it with a double curtain wall and built the detached Letzi Spissi wall about 1 kilometer (0.6 mile) south-west of the castle. The Letzi Spissi was built to help defend the entrance to the Niedersimmental.
After the castle was acquired by Bern it was converted into the residence of the Bernese Vogt. It was expanded and renovated throughout the 15th to 17th centuries. During the 15th and 16th centuries, the outer wall was rebuilt and the Vogt's residence was expanded and renovated. The original gatehouse which faced west was replaced with a long covered stairway on the south side. In 1696, Vogt Albrecht Manuel had the south residence wing built. In 1741-42 the Vogt, Franz Ludwig Steiger, built the large north-east wing. The castle was renovated and expanded in 1789-90, again in 1949-51 and finally in 1984-87.
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Bern
Castles in the Canton of Bern
Busquets is a Catalan surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Carles Busquets, Spanish footballer (Barcelona), father of Sergio Busquets
Florencia Busquets, Argentine volleyball player
Guillem Busquets, Spanish architect (:es:Guillem Busquets)
Jaume Busquets, Spanish sculptor and painter
Joan Busquets Grau, Spanish architect and urban planner
Joan Busquets i Jané, Spanish interior decorator (:es:Joan Busquets i Jané)
Joan Busquets Queralt, Spanish trade unionist and political activist (:es:Joan Busquets Queralt)
Joaquín Busquets, Mexican actor, father of Narciso Busquets (:es:Joaquín Busquets)
Julio Busquets, Spanish soldier and legislator (:es:Julio Busquets)
Miguel Busquets, Chilean footballer
Narciso Busquets, Mexican actor, son of Joaquín Busquets
Ricardo Busquets, Puerto Rican Olympic swimmer
Sergio Busquets, Spanish professional football player, son of Carles Busquets
Oriol Busquets, Spanish football player
Catalan-language surnames
The new National Council of Slovakia was elected at the 2020 Slovak parliamentary election and consists of 150 representatives elected from party lists. Those elected will sit on the National Council until 2024.
Election Results
Elected members
Lucia Ďuriš Nicholsonová
Richard Sulík
Igor Matovič
Eduard Heger
Radovan Sloboda
Romana Tabak
Marek Krajčí
Boris Kollár
Robert Fico
References
External links
List of elected members
2020
Government of Slovakia
Slovakia
The Eureka is a privately owned gauge steam locomotive based in Las Vegas, Nevada. It is one of three preserved Baldwin class 8/18 C locomotives in the United States, of which it is the only operable example. It is listed on the United States National Register of Historic Places.
History
The locomotive was built by Baldwin Locomotive Works of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in 1875 for the Eureka & Palisade Railroad in Nevada, which was built to transport passengers and goods from the mining town of Eureka to connect with the Central Pacific Railroad in Palisade. The engine served on this railroad until 1896, when it was sold to the Sierra Nevada Wood and Lumber Company. It operated on the Sierra Nevada Wood and Lumber until 1938 when the company dissolved and the engine was sold to a scrap dealer.
Warner Bros. bought the engine in 1939, and it was featured in many films, such as Torrid Zone, Cheyenne Autumn, and The Great Train Robbery. The Eurekas last film appearance was in the 1976 film, The Shootist. In 1978, the California State Railroad Museum was in the process of restoring North Pacific Coast no. 12 Sonoma, another 8/18C class 4-4-0 nearly identical to the Eureka. The museum had the latter stripped down to reveal its original paint scheme, and used it as a guide for restoring the former. The Eureka was later sold to Old Vegas, an amusement park in Henderson, Nevada, where it was placed on display in 1980. In 1985, a fire occurred at Old Vegas, with a burning building collapsing on the Eureka, badly damaging the engine.
A year later, the engine was discovered by Las Vegas attorney Dan Markoff, who purchased it and restored it to operating condition with the help of his father. The restored Eureka debuted at Railfair '91 at the California State Railroad Museum. It was then operated on U.S. Gypsum's private tracks in Plaster City, California, in 1993. The locomotive was listed as a structure on the National Register of Historic Places on January 12, 1995 and was the first transportation listing in Las Vegas.
In 1997, Eureka was transported to Chama, New Mexico, for a series of operational excursions over the Cumbres and Toltec Scenic Railroad in late June. The engine continues to make appearances at various narrow gauge tourist railroads during special events, such as the Cumbres and Toltec, Durango and Silverton Narrow Gauge Railroad, the Nevada State Railroad Museum, and the Nevada Southern Railroad Museum among others. When the engine is not participating in such events, it is kept stored in Markoff's specially constructed shed, which is not open to the public. Dan Markoff is rather cautious as to how often the engine operates, and does not intend to have the engine operating regularly as the engine still retains its original boiler and several other components.
References
Transportation in the Las Vegas Valley
4-4-0 locomotives
Individual locomotives of the United States
Railway locomotives on the National Register of Historic Places in Nevada
National Register of Historic Places in Clark County, Nevada
Baldwin locomotives
3 ft gauge locomotives
Mixed traffic locomotives
Preserved steam locomotives of Nevada
The Alderman's wars was a series of murders and violent rioting between warring Alderman Johnny "de Pow" Powers and Anthony D'Andrea from 1916 until 1921. Over a period of five years, over 30 deaths were reported during the struggle for control over the "Bloody" 19th Ward of Chicago's Little Italy.
Background
Johnny Powers, a local Irish-American saloonkeeper and longtime political boss of the predominantly Irish 19th Ward, had been in power since the 1880s and despite the large influx of Italian immigrants over the decades managed to retain power among the area despite his reputation for corruption and offering political protection to criminal elements in Chicago's underworld.
However, Powers was faced with a challenge when the Italian-American Anthony D'Andrea ran against junior alderman and Powers associate James Bowler in 1916. D'Andrea, although a defrocked priest and convicted counterfeiter, was a popular leader within the Italian-American community as a prominent member of several Italian-American fraternal organizations and as a labor union official. As reported by the Chicago Tribune, "Anthony Andrea is the name of Antonio D'Andrea, unfrocked priest, linguist, and former power in the old 'red light' district, who in 1903 was released from the penitentiary after serving 13 months on a counterfeiting charge. Dander's name has also been connected with a gang of Italian forgers and bank thieves who operated at one time all over the country."
Violence
The first murder to occur took place in February 1916 when Frank Lombardi, a Powers associate and ward heeler, was shot and killed in a saloon by 17-year-old Samuzzo Amatuna. With both sides employing "election sluggers" in attempt to influence voting, violence increased as supporters from both sides would be killed in continuous fighting throughout the year. A grim practice emerged during the fighting where the names of future victims would be carved into a poplar tree at 725 S. Loomis Street later becoming known as "Dead Man's Tree".
Despite D'Andrea's defeat that year, and again in 1919, his campaign against Powers continued as violence reached its height during the 1921 campaign, with murder and bombing becoming commonplace, including the bombing of Power's home . The bombing of a political rally for D'Andrea would injure five people as well as those against D'Andrea's campaign headquarters and the home of one of his lieutenants.
In March 1921, court clerk and Powers supporter Paul Labriola was gunned down at the intersection of Halsted and Congress Street by four D'Andrea gunmen as he walked to work (Labriola had been recently listed on "Dead Man's Tree"). Later that day, the same gunmen shot and killed cigar store owner Harry Raimondi, a former D'Andrea associate who had recently defected to the Powers faction.
Powers spokesman and fellow alderman Bowler issued a public statement denouncing the violence of the D'Andrea faction.
Death of D'Andrea
Despite announcing his retirement from politics after his third and final defeat in 1921, violence continued as, on May 11, D'Andrea was killed outside his apartment building shortly after receiving a death threat the previous month. Two more deaths would follow as Andrew Orlando and Joseph Sinacola, both of whom were Sicilian "blood brothers" to D'Andrea, were killed in July and August respectively after swearing to avenge the death of D'Andrea.
Aftermath
The number of aldermen per ward was reduced from two to one in 1923, at which point Bowler stepped aside in favor of Powers. Powers retired in 1927, at which point Bowler resumed aldermanic office, and died in 1930. Bowler would serve as alderman until 1953, when he became a congressman.
References
Bibliography
Sifakis, Carl. The Encyclopedia of American Crime. New York: Facts on File Inc., 2005.
Riots and civil disorder in Chicago
Political riots in the United States
Organized crime conflicts in the United States
Powell Creek (on federal maps since 2004: Powells Creek) is a tributary of the Susquehanna River in Dauphin County, Pennsylvania in the United States.
It is formed by the junction of its North and South forks southwest of Carsonville. The creek flows southwest along the northern side of Peters Mountain.
Powell Creek joins the Susquehanna River just upstream of the Clarks Ferry Bridge and the borough of Duncannon.
Powell Creek was named for the Powell family who settled near its banks in about 1760.
See also
List of rivers of Pennsylvania
References
Rivers of Pennsylvania
Tributaries of the Susquehanna River
Rivers of Dauphin County, Pennsylvania
Ann Sutherland is a former Welsh international lawn and indoor bowler.
Bowls career
She was born in 1943 and in 1995 she won the triples silver medal at the Atlantic Bowls Championships.
In 1998, she won the bronze medal in the pairs with Rita Jones at the 1998 Commonwealth Games in Kuala Lumpur.
Four years later she won another bronze in the fours with Gill Miles, Pam John and Nina Shipperlee at the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester.
She was a Welsh international from 1986 until 2003 and is the winner of three National Indoor Titles.
References
Living people
1943 births
Bowls players at the 2002 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games medallists in lawn bowls
Welsh female bowls players
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for Wales
The 1989 Senior PGA Tour was the 10th season since the Senior PGA Tour officially began in 1980 (it was renamed the Champions Tour in 2003 and PGA Tour Champions in 2016). The season consisted of 35 official money events with purses totalling $13,345,000 (not including the PaineWebber Invitational, canceled due to Hurricane Hugo), including four majors. Bob Charles won the most tournaments, five. The tournament results, leaders, and award winners are listed below.
Tournament results
The following table shows all the official money events for the 1989 season. "Date" is the ending date of the tournament. The numbers in parentheses after the winners' names are the number of wins they had on the tour up to and including that event. Senior majors are shown in bold. Golfers winning on their Senior PGA Tour debut are shown in italics.
Source:
Leaders
Scoring Average leaders
Source:
Money List leaders
Source:
Career Money List leaders
Source:
Awards
See also
Champions Tour awards
Champions Tour records
References
External links
PGA Tour Champions official site
PGA Tour Champions seasons
Senior PGA Tour
The 1912 Baylor football team was an American football team that represented Baylor University as an independent during the 1912 college football season. In its third season under head coach Ralph Glaze, the team compiled a 3–5 record and was outscored by a total of 123 to 79.
Schedule
References
Baylor
Baylor Bears football seasons
Baylor Bears football
In the 2022–23 season, Partizan Mozzart Bet competed in the Serbian League, Radivoj Korać Cup, Adriatic League and EuroLeague.
Players
Current roster
Players with multiple nationalities
Kevin Punter
Tristan Vukčević
Depth chart
On loan
Roster changes
In
|}
Out
|}
Competitions
Overall
Overview
Pre-season and friendlies
VTB Cup
Adriatic League
Regular season
Matches
EuroLeague
Regular season
Matches
References
KK Partizan seasons
Partizan
2022–23 in Serbian basketball by club
2022–23 EuroLeague by club
Burgistein Castle () is a castle in the municipality of Burgistein in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
History
The first castle at Burgistein was built by Jordan I of Thun (later of Burgistein) in 1260. Jordan III of Burgistein fought on the losing side in the Battle of Laupen in 1339. In retaliation a Bernese army attacked and destroyed the castle in 1340. It was rebuilt in the following years. In 1397 the Burgistein family died out and the castle was inherited by Werner Münzer. Over the following century it passed through numerous owners until 1484 when the Wattenwyl family acquired it. They owned the castle until 1714, when it passed to the Graffenried family. The 14th-century castle was rebuilt in the 15th and 16th centuries.
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
Notes
1 The Gesellschaft für Schweizerische Kunstgeschichte (GSK) lists these dates as 1484 and 1714, while the Historical Dictionary of Switzerland says 1493 and 1717
External links
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Bern
Castles in the Canton of Bern
Standard of care is a legal term in tort law
Standard of care or Standards of care may also refer to:
Standard of care in English law
Standards of Care for the Health of Transsexual, Transgender, and Gender Nonconforming People
Medical standard of care
Wayne Carson (born Wayne Carson Head; May 31, 1943 – July 20, 2015), sometimes credited as Wayne Carson Thompson, was an American country musician, songwriter, and record producer. He played percussion, piano, guitar, and bass. His most famous songs as a writer include "The Letter", "Neon Rainbow", "Soul Deep", and "Always on My Mind" (written with Mark James and Johnny Christopher).
Biography
Carson was born in Denver, Colorado, to Odie and Olivia Head, who played music professionally under the pseudonym Thompson. They met in Nebraska while working for radio station KMMJ, moved to Colorado and eventually to Springfield, Missouri, to join the KWTO music staff. By then, they were better known by their stage names, "Shorty and Sue". Shorty Thompson was perhaps best known around the Ozarks as a member of radio and television mainstay the Tall Timber Boys.
Wayne Carson wanted to pick up a guitar when he was about 14 after hearing a recording by Merle Travis. Even so, he was quickly taken by the newer sound of rock 'n' roll. He lived in several cities, including Denver, as a young man leading bands and moved to Nashville, Tennessee, in 1962. He initially used his parents' stage name, becoming known and credited as Wayne Carson Thompson before dropping the last name and adopting the name Wayne Carson.
In the mid 1960s he returned to Springfield, where he began working with music publisher and promoter Si Siman. Together they pitched songs for years, without success until Siman's friend and producer Chet Atkins took a liking to a tune called "Somebody Like Me" and wanted to have Eddy Arnold record it. Carson was taken aback when he got a call from Arnold, one of the most successful country acts of all time. "Eddie said, 'Wayne, I love the song, but it needs another verse'," Carson recalled. "So I said, 'Well, the third verse goes like this' and I just wrote it right there over the phone." The song became his first number one hit in late 1966 and spent four weeks on top of the country charts.
In 1967, he wrote another major hit, "The Letter", inspired by several pages of lyrics sent by his father. The song was an international hit for The Box Tops and later for Joe Cocker and Leon Russell and was nominated for two Grammys. Carson also wrote "Neon Rainbow" and "Soul Deep" for the Box Tops.
Carson's song "Always on My Mind" won Grammy awards in 1983 for Song of the Year and Best Country Song; in 1982 it reached No. 1 on the Billboard Country charts. The Country Music Association named it the Song of the Year in 1982 and 1983. Also in 1982, The Nashville Songwriters Association International named it Song of the Year and the Academy of Country Music named it Single of the Year.
In 1997 Carson was inducted into the Nashville Songwriters Hall of Fame.
Carson died on July 20, 2015, aged 72, after suffering from various ailments.
Songs
"Somebody Like Me" – Eddy Arnold
"Always On My Mind" – Brenda Lee, Elvis Presley, Willie Nelson, Pet Shop Boys, Michael Buble, Juilo Iglesias, The Stylistics, West End Girls, Johnny Cash & Willie Nelson, John Wesley Ryles
"The Letter" – The Box Tops, The Beach Boys, Dionne Warwick, Joe Cocker featuring Leon Russell, Al Green, Johnny Rivers, The Arbors, Bachman Turner Overdrive, Bobby Darin, Amii Stewart, and Don Williams.
"Keep On" – Bruce Channel
"Who's Julie" – Mel Tillis, Joe Simon
"She's Actin' Single (I'm Drinkin' Doubles)" – Gary Stewart, Wade Hayes, Ronnie Dunn
"Neon Rainbow" – The Box Tops, Petula Clark
"Soul Deep" – The Box Tops, Clarence Carter, Gary U.S. Bonds, Tina Turner, Eddy Arnold, Gin Blossoms
"The Clown" – Conway Twitty
"He's Got A Way With Women" - The Crickets
"Slide Off Your Satin Sheets" – Johnny Paycheck
"Whiskey Trip" – Gary Stewart
"No Love At All" – Lynn Anderson, B.J. Thomas
"Drinkin' Thing" – Gary Stewart, Wade Hayes
"Barstool Mountain" – Moe Bandy, Wayne Carson, Johnny Paycheck
"Cussin' Cryin' and Carryin' On" – Ike & Tina Turner
"You Got What You Wanted" – Ike & Tina Turner
"I'm Gonna Do All I Can (To Do Right By My Man)" – Ike & Tina Turner
"That's The Only Way To Say Good Morning" – Ray Price
"A Horse Called Music" – Willie Nelson, Randy Travis
"Dog Day Afternoon" – Shelby Lynne
"I See the Want To in Your Eyes" – Conway Twitty, Gary Stewart
"(Don't Let The Sun Set On You In) Tulsa" – Waylon Jennings
"Something's Wrong In California" – Waylon Jennings
"I Want Some More" – Dan Auerbach, Jon & Robin and the In Crowd
"I Couldn't Spell !!*@!" – Sam The Sham & the Pharaohs, Homer & Jethro
"Hollywood" - Alabama
"Instant Reaction" - Clarence Carter, Bruce Channel
"Mr Busdriver" - Bruce Channel
"Things Go Better With You" - The April Fools
"You Won't Be There" - The April Fools
"Do It Again a Little Bit Slower" - Jon & Robin and the In Crowd
"Dr Jon (the Medicine Man)" - Jon & Robin and the In Crowd
"Honey Bee" - Robin of Jon & Robin
"The Grapes in Mary's Vineyard" - Claude King aka The Grapes in Martha's Vineyard
"Sandman" - B. J. Thomas, The Box Tops
"Nine Pound Steel" - Joe Simon
"The Letter", "Neon Rainbow", and "Soul Deep" were all Top 40 hits for the Box Tops; "The Letter" reached No.1 on the Billboard Hot 100 in September 1967. "Do It Again A Little Bit Slower" was a top 20 pop hit in June 1967.
Notes
References
Brothers, Michael A. "Lyrics that endure" (March 16, 2006), Springfield News-Leader, p. 1C
External links
Songs written by Wayne Carson Thompson, MusicVf.com
American country singer-songwriters
1943 births
2015 deaths
Monument Records artists
Singers from Denver
Singer-songwriters from Colorado
Amelia Magdalena Hundley (born January 21, 1998) is a former American artistic gymnast. She won a gold, silver, and bronze medal at the 2015 Pan-American Games in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. She also won team gold medals competing for the United States at the 2012 Pacific Rim Gymnastics Championships and the City of Jesolo Trophy.
Hundley ended her elite gymnastics career at the 2016 Olympic gymnastics Trials in San Jose, California. She now attends the University of Florida on a full athletic scholarship and will compete for the Florida Gators gymnastics team in the NCAA.
Hundley trained at the Cincinnati Gymnastics Academy under coaches Mary Lee Tracy and Amy Wert, and fitness trainer Betsy McNally, before joining the Florida Gators gymnastics team in the Fall of 2016.
Early life
Born January 21, 1998, in Hamilton, Ohio, Hundley started tumbling at the age of four in the dance studio run by her mother, a professional tumbler. She proceeded into gymnastics and by age seven was competing in the level-5 (the second level of USAG competition) 2005 Gatlin Classic. In 2006, she won the all-around, balance beam and floor exercise titles at the Fiesta Bowl Invitational. By 2007, Hundley had advanced to compete as a level-7 gymnast, and in 2008 advanced again to compete as a level-10 gymnast.
Junior career
Hundley, as a junior international elite gymnast from Cincinnati Gymnastics Academy (CGA) in Ohio, participated in the gold medal-winning United States team at the 2012 Pacific Rim Gymnastics Championships. In June 2012 she competed in the VISA Championships, also known as the USA Gymnastics National Championships, improving her AA score from 56.750 to 57.250. In March 2013, Hundley participated with the United States national squad in its group performance in the City of Jesolo Trophy, in Jesolo, Italy.
Senior career
Hundley's senior debut came at the Secret U.S. Classic in August 2014, where she placed 6th AA, advancing to Nationals.
At the 2014 P&G Gymnastics Championships, Hundley placed sixth in the all-around, seventh on the balance beam and floor, and eighth on the uneven bars. She was named to the national team and the Pan American Championships team. At the Pan American Championships, she won a gold medal in the team competition.
At the Pan-American Games in Toronto (July 11–15, 2015), she was part of the US team that won gold convincingly. She also won silver on the floor exercise, with a score of 14.200. On the uneven bars, she was the lead-off competitor with a score of 14.650, winning bronze. Her teammate Rachel Gowey won gold with a score of 14.725. Hundley also placed fourth in the all-around at the Pan-Am Games.
Hundley competed on the first night of the P&G National Gymnastics Championships. She slightly tore her meniscus on her first tumbling pass on floor, her first event. She continued the first night of competition. At the end of night one, she was in 9th place. She withdrew for night two due to the injury she sustained on floor exercise. Despite her injury, she was named to the Senior National Team and is invited to the 2015 Worlds Selection Camp in September.
On November 11, 2015, she signed the National Letter of Intent to the University of Florida. On February 29, 2016, USA Gymnastics revealed that Hundley would represent the United States at the 2016 Stuttgart World Cup on March 19.
In March 2016, it was announced that Hundley would replace the injured Nia Dennis at the 2016 Stuttgart World Cup in Stuttgart, Germany. This event concluded the C III FIG World Cup Series and competitors were vying for the All-Around title. Hundley had strong performances on every event except uneven bars, where she faltered slightly, scoring a 13.266. However, due to her three other strong events, Hundley placed 3rd All-Around, winning the bronze medal with a score of 56.499.
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Cincinnati
American female artistic gymnasts
Gymnasts at the 2015 Pan American Games
Cincinnati Gymnastics Academy
Pan American Games gold medalists for the United States
Pan American Games silver medalists for the United States
Pan American Games bronze medalists for the United States
Pan American Games medalists in gymnastics
Florida Gators women's gymnasts
U.S. women's national team gymnasts
Medalists at the 2015 Pan American Games
On 11 November 2019, a 57-year-old man, Lee Chi-cheung, was doused in flammable liquid and set on fire in Ma On Shan, Hong Kong. The immolation occurred during an altercation between Lee and a group of protesters on a walkway linking the Bayshore Towers housing complex with the Ma On Shan Public Library.
Incident
Construction worker Lee Chi-cheung (misidentified as Leung Chi-cheung in some early sources) was at Ma On Shan station at noon when he saw a group of protesters defacing buildings. He chased the protesters to the walkway. The man appeared to have been injured during the chase. Allegedly he told the protesters that they were not Chinese and they responded that they were Hong Kongers. Two videos of the incident were recorded, one of which showed a protester dousing Lee in flammable liquid and setting him on fire. After the videos were released, some activists explained that Lee had attacked the protesters. He was shown in photos at the station standing shirtless and conscious, presumably after he had been set on fire, causing suspicion that the incident had been staged. Hong Kong hospital authorities confirmed that Lee had been taken to Prince of Wales Hospital and was conscious upon arrival, but was in critical condition and admitted to intensive care. He suffered second-degree burns on 28% of his body, mostly on his arms and chest, as well as head trauma.
A year after the incident, Lee told court at the trial of two people accused of disorderly conduct in the lead-up to the incident that he was standing up for justice when he confronted the protesters for vandalising a railway station but he should have called the police instead. Lee said he was struck on the head while trying to stop them from smashing windows and damaging facilities at Ma On Shan MTR station. He chased them and became involved in a scuffle with passers-by who blocked his path on a footbridge outside Ma On Shan Plaza. Lee said he was mad at them, who pointed fingers at him, and he stayed to argue with them. Video footage showed a woman telling the man to "Get lost. Go back to the Greater Bay Area." The man responded, "So you are all helping the black-clad people. You all should die. You all are not Chinese." Suddenly more hardcore protesters appeared from behind them and poured flammable liquid on Lee and set him alight.
Aftermath
Police classified the incident as attempted murder. Some online comments and a mainland China academic implied the attack was faked. In an interview with CGTN, Lee's wife said that her husband was in a coma and had undergone skin surgery on his hands and needed further surgical procedures on his face, abdomen, and chest. She said Lee never talked about politics at home and never participated in any political events. She hoped "the rioters can stop their violent acts as soon as possible and not mess up Hong Kong."
On the online forum LIHKG, a discussion on the merit of burning the man had over 5000 users saying the act had not been excessive while only around 300 said it was excessive. Some said that if life is not valued then it is no different than the police.
The culprits of the attack were never found while Kwong Yiu-man, 39, and Chan Hoi-wan, 34, were arrested seven days after the incident over the verbal confrontation beforehand. They denied one joint count of public disorder but confirmed they were present at the scene of the incident. Lee failed to identify Chan as the woman who argued with him but recognized one of their voices as the one who told the protesters to run at the railway station.
References
2019 in Hong Kong
2019–2020 Hong Kong protests
Adam Webster (born 3 July 1980 in Nottingham, England) is an English footballer who played in The Football League for Notts County.
Career
Webster started his career at his local side Notts County, where he made his senior debut in a 1–0 defeat away at Scunthorpe United during the 1999–2000 season. He was released at the end of the season and joined non-league side Bedworth United. He then went on to play for Worcester City, Hinckley United and Corby Town. He left Corby in March 2011.
References
External links
English footballers
Notts County F.C. players
Bedworth United F.C. players
Worcester City F.C. players
Hinckley United F.C. players
Corby Town F.C. players
English Football League players
1980 births
Living people
Association football forwards
Robert Alan Jamieson (born 1958) is a poet and novelist from Shetland, Scotland. He grew up in the crofting community of Sandness. He works as a creative writing tutor at Edinburgh University, having been co-editor of the Edinburgh Review in 1993–1998 and a creative writing fellow at the Universities of Glasgow and Strathclyde in 1998–2001.
Novels
Soor Hearts (1984)
Thin Wealth (1986)
A Day at the Office (1991), named by Edinburgh-based List Magazine among the 100 Best Scottish Books of All Time: "Each page of this book – a precursor to much modern experimental Scottish fiction – looks more like a work of art than a novel."
Da Happie Laand (2010)
MacCloud Falls (2017)
Poetry
Jamieson writes in the Shetland dialect of Scots. Some of his works are:
Shoormal (1986)
Nort Atlantik Drift (1999), reprinted in a bilingual edition in 2007. Includes "Laamint fir da tristie", which was selected as a poem of the week at The Scotsman in June 2008.
Ansin t'Sjaetlin: some responses to the language question (2005)
Anthologies
(Contributor) Pax Edina: The One O' Clock Gun Anthology (Edinburgh, 2010)
See also
Shetland dialect
References
Scottish writers
Scottish poets
Scottish novelists
People from Shetland
Living people
Writers from Edinburgh
1958 births
The Stranger in the Mirror: Dissociation – The Hidden Epidemic, written by Marlene Steinberg and Maxine Schnall is a book which goes through case files of individuals with dissociative identity disorder, who have suffered traumatizing happenings and how they have employed dissociation as a defense mechanism to detach themselves from the emotional stimuli which the victims endured.
The Stranger In The Mirror is one of the few books to be written about dissociation and its potential treatments. Steinberg conducted her research on dissociation at Yale University school of medicine.
External Links
American Journal of Psychiatry review
Psychology Today review
2000 non-fiction books
Books about mental health
Dissociative disorders
Taylor Forge Engineered Systems is an American manufacturer of liquid separation equipment for the pipeline industry. It was formed in 1984 when Gulf and Western sold its Taylor Forge operations in Paola, Kansas and Greeley, Kansas to private investors. The company also has manufacturing facilities in Garnett, Kansas and Tulsa, Oklahoma.
In June 2015, TFES completed work on its largest project, a 12-finger inlet slug catcher weighing nearly 378,000 pounds, destined for BP's Shah Deniz natural gas project in Azerbaijan.
References
Manufacturing companies of the United States
Petroleum production
Bayerfeld-Steckweiler is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. Bayerfeld-Steckweiler has an area of 1.49 km² and a population of 408 (as of December 31, 2020).
References
Municipalities in Rhineland-Palatinate
Donnersbergkreis
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Comodoro is located in the city of Comodoro, in the Patagonian province of Chubut in southern Argentina.
Diocese
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Comodoro Rivadavia encompasses 234,000 km² (90,382 Square Miles) of central Patagonia covering the Province of Chubut. The Diocese was founded in 1957 from part of the Diocese of Viedma. In 1961, its southern half became the separate Diocese of Río Gallegos. In 2009, part of the diocese became the Territorial Prelature of Esquel. It is a suffragan see to the Archdiocese of Bahía Blanca.
The Cathedral is located in the city of Comodoro Rivadavia. It is dedicated to San Juan Bosco, the only cathedral in the world dedicated to the founder of the Salesian Order. It was inaugurated in 1979, although the crypt had been dedicated in 1949.
Bishops
Ordinaries
The Roman Catholic Bishop of Comodoro Rivadavia is a prelate bishop of the Roman Catholic Church in Argentina.
Carlos Mariano Pérez Eslava S.D.B.(13 March 1957 – 26 December 1963, appointed Archbishop of Salta)
Eugenio Santiago Peyrou S.D.B. (24 June 1964 – 19 February 1974)
Argimiro Daniel Moure Piñeiro S.D.B. (5 April 1975 – 8 September 1992)
Pedro Luis Ronchino S.D.B. (30 January 1993 – 19 February 2005)
Virginio Domingo Bressanelli S.C.I. (19 February 2005 – 10 February 2010); appointed Coadjutor Bishop of the Diocese of Neuquen
Joaquin Gimeno Lahoz (15 July 2010 – present); formerly Vicar General of the diocese
Auxiliary bishops
Mario Picchi, S.D.B. (1970-1975), appointed Auxiliary Bishop of La Plata
Fernando Martín Croxatto (2014-2017), appointed Bishop of Neuquén
Roberto Pío Álvarez (2017-
Alejandro Pablo Benna]] (2017-
See also
Catholic Church in Argentina
References
External links
Catholic Hierarchy: Diocese of Comodoro Rivadavia
Comodoro Rivadavia Diocese (Spanish)
Roman Catholic dioceses in Argentina
Roman Catholic Ecclesiastical Province of Bahía Blanca
Christian organizations established in 1957
Roman Catholic dioceses and prelatures established in the 19th century
Chubut Province
Roman Catholic dioceses and prelatures established in the 20th century
In Mexica legendary tradition Huemac (fl. c. 11th century), also spelled Hueymac or Huehmac, is described as being the last king of the (equally legendary and semi-mythical) Toltec state before the fall of Tula/Tollan.
His name is traditionally translated as "Big Hand", but other scholars maintain the more succinct translation is "Big Gift".
All information about this figure stems from Aztec literature written centuries later. As with just about everything to do with the 'Toltecs', whom the Aztecs and other central Mexican cultures of the Postclassic era held up as their valiant precursors whose legacy and authority they inherited, actual and discernible historical data is scant. A number of contemporary Mesoamerican studies question whether the Toltec existed as a coherent state or group at all, and likewise whether Huemac was an actual figure remains highly debatable.
After the fall of the Toltec capital Huemac traveled for some years with a diminishing band of followers, and then died in a cave at Chapultepec, part of Mexico City. The date of his death, from various accounts and various attempts to correlate the accounts with the Gregorian calendar, range from the 1090s to the 1170s.
Notes
References
External links
Huemac and the Legendary Fall of Tollan a look at various accounts by Eric Rosenfield
Mesoamerican people
Toltec people
Toltec history
Ambagan is a village located under Khulshi Thana in Chittagong, Bangladesh.
References
Populated places in Chittagong Division
Aiteta thermistis is a moth in the family of Nolidae.
Distribution
It is found in Zambia.
References
Hampson, G. F. 1910c. Zoological collections from Northern Rhodesia and adjacent territories: Lepidoptera Phalaenae - Proceedings of the Zoological Society of London 1910(2):388–510, pls. 36–41
Endemic fauna of Zambia
Chloephorinae
Áedh Mór Ó Flaithbheartaigh (died 1236) was King of Iar Connacht.
See also
Ó Flaithbertaigh
References
West or H-Iar Connaught Ruaidhrí Ó Flaithbheartaigh, 1684 (published 1846, edited James Hardiman).
Origin of the Surname O'Flaherty, Anthony Matthews, Dublin, 1968, p. 40.
Irish Kings and High-Kings, Francis John Byrne (2001), Dublin: Four Courts Press,
Annals of Ulster at CELT: Corpus of Electronic Texts at University College Cork
Byrne, Francis John (2001), Irish Kings and High-Kings, Dublin: Four Courts Press,
People from County Galway
1236 deaths
Aedh Mor
13th-century Irish monarchs
Year of birth unknown
Herald on Sunday may refer to:
Herald on Sunday, the Sunday publication of The New Zealand Herald
Herald on Sunday, the Sunday publication of The Herald (based in Glasgow)
Sunday newspapers
Ryan Andre Oniel Thompson (born 7 January 1985) is a Jamaican former footballer who is the head coach for Austin Bold FC in the USL Championship.
Career
Career
Harbour View
Ryan was the starting keeper at Harbour View until he accepted a soccer scholarship to the University of Tampa in Tampa, Florida.
College and Amateur
Thompson was an All-American during his time at the University of Tampa. He played 57 times for the Tampa Spartans whilst at the University.
During his time in college, Thompson also played for Bradenton Academics in the USL Premier Development League.
MPS Portland Phoenix
After graduating from the University of Tampa, Thompson signed with MPS Portland Phoenix in Maine for the 2010 PDL season. Thompson's Portland team finished runners-up in the Eastern Conference Northeast Division. Portland were beaten 2–1 against Reading United in the Conference Semi-Finals and were eliminated. Thompson played 13 games for the Phoenix in his one season with the Maine club.
Shamrock Rovers
After a two-week trial in September 2010, Thompson signed with Shamrock Rovers in December 2010. The deal was finalized in February 2011 after he received his international clearance. Thompson spent much of the first half of the season on the bench as he was Rovers second choice keeper behind Alan Mannus. In March 2011, Thompson played in both legs of the Quarter-Finals of the 2011 Setanta Sports Cup for Rovers against Lisburn Distillery, Rovers went on to win the competition. Thompson played his first league game for Shamrock Rovers in a 1–0 win away against Dorgheda United on 15 July 2011. On 21 July, Alan Mannus signed for Scottish Premier League club St Johnstone which meant Thompson became Rovers new first choice goalkeeper.
On 27 July 2011, he became the first Jamaican to play in the Champions League, when Shamrock Rovers played FC Copenhagen in the 2011–12 UEFA Champions League Third qualifying round, Rovers were beaten 1–0 in the first-leg in Copenhagen and lost 2–0 in the second-leg in Tallaght on 2 August. Thompson and Rovers advanced to the 2011–12 Europa League play-off round where they faced Serbian SuperLiga Champions FK Partizan. The first leg in Dublin finished 1–1. The second leg in Serbia finished 1–1 and the tie went to extra time. Rovers scored a penalty in the 113-minute of the game and advanced to the 2011–12 Europa League group stage. In that game in Belgrade Thompson pulled off an incredible save in the first half. This marked a famous victory for Irish football, as it was the first time an Irish club reached the group stages of a major European competition.
In the first game in the group stages Thompson saved a penalty against Rubin Kazan. He went on to play in 3 other group games but despite his European heroics he was released at the end of the 2011 League of Ireland season.
Väsby United
In August 2012 Thompson signed for Väsby United, a third-tier club in Sweden
Tampa Bay Rowdies
In January 2014 Thompson signed for Tampa Bay Rowdies of the North American Soccer League on a two-year contract
Pittsburgh Riverhounds
Thompson signed for the Pittsburgh Riverhounds of the USL on 22 January 2015. Following his performance at the 2015 CONCACAF Gold Cup, Thompson and the Riverhounds mutually parted ways after the 2015 season so that he could seek a move to Europe or to Major League Soccer.
Saint Louis FC
Thompson signed with USL club Saint Louis FC on 3 March 2016. Thompson was released by Saint Louis FC on 9 November 2016.
Central FC
From May to September 2017, Thompson was signed with Central F.C. of the TT Pro League.
Austin Bold FC
On 26 November 2018, Thompson signed with USL Championship expansion team Austin Bold FC as both a goalkeeper and goalkeeper coach.
International career
Thompson was a part of the Jamaica under-20 squad in 2002-2005. He traveled internationally to Europe, Central America and the Caribbean for youth national teams. He made his full international debut on 26 November 2004 in a 2005 Caribbean Cup qualifier in an 11–1 victory over the US Virgin Islands.
Thompson was called up in 2014 as part of the squad for the 2014 Caribbean Cup and multiple friendlies but was an unused substitute in every match. Thompson was recalled by Jamaica in March 2015 for friendlies against Cuba and Venezuela. Thompson opted to remain with his club team, the Pittsburgh Riverhounds, in order to play in their first match of the 2015 USL season. Thompson left the following day to join his teammates in preparation for the match against Cuba. Thompson went on to earn his third cap in that match and posted the shutout in the 3−0 victory.
On 2 June 2015, it was announced that Thompson was included in Jamaica's roster for the 2015 Copa América. He was then named to the final 23-man roster for the 2015 CONCACAF Gold Cup. On 14 July 2015, Thompson made his Gold Cup debut against El Salvador after Dwayne Miller came off with a head injury. Thompson made several saves to preserve Jamaica's 1–0 victory as the team advanced to the knockout stages as Group B leaders.
Coaching career
On September 4, 2021, Thompson was promoted to head coach for USL Championship club Austin Bold FC. Thompson had previously been a player-coach for the team before being promoted to full-time assistant coach.
Honours
Harbour View
CFU Club Championship: 2004
Shamrock Rovers
Setanta Cup: 2011
League of Ireland: 2011
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
Association football goalkeepers
Jamaica youth international footballers
Jamaican expatriate footballers
Expatriate association footballers in the Republic of Ireland
Shamrock Rovers F.C. players
League of Ireland players
Harbour View F.C. players
Jamaica international footballers
Tampa Spartans men's soccer players
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
USL League Two players
GPS Portland Phoenix players
IMG Academy Bradenton players
Tampa Bay Rowdies players
Pittsburgh Riverhounds SC players
Saint Louis FC players
Jamaican footballers
Expatriate footballers in Sweden
North American Soccer League players
USL Championship players
2014 Caribbean Cup players
2015 Copa América players
2015 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
Copa América Centenario players
National Premier League players
Player-coaches
USL Championship coaches
Tampa Spartans men's soccer coaches
Austin Bold FC players
Stradella, CFF 229, Op.033 is an 1841 opera by César Franck to a libretto by Émile Deschamps and Émilien Pacini. It is the first of Franck's four operas. Written when he was only 19, it was never orchestrated. Its first performance took place in the late 20th century.
Background
In the 1830s Europe rediscovered music by Alessandro Stradella, and his life turned to be fascinating enough to become a subject for operatic treatment. Two most important operas about him were Stradella by Louis Niedermeyer (1837) and Alessandro Stradella by Friedrich von Flotow (1844). Both were premiered in Paris in 1837, in space of just one month: Flotow's opera was a one-act comédie en vaudeville (he expanded it into a full-length composition only seven years later) and Niedermeyer's was a five-act traditional grand opéra. The last was revived in a 3-act version in 1840.
The young César Franck chose for his very first try in the opera genre the same libretto as Niedermeyer, that is the one by Émile Deschamps and Émilien Pacini, but he completely omits the last two acts. Stradella was probably composed between 1841 and 1842 and may be the result of Franck's experiences as accompanist to the Italian tenor Mario Bordogni.
The opera was left as a vocal score, preserved in a manuscript at the Bibliothèque nationale de France. It was orchestrated by Luc van Hove and staged for the first time at the Opéra Royal de Wallonie on 19 September 2012. This production was recorded by Dynamic label and issued either on CDs (audio) or on a DVD (video).
Roles
Synopsis
Act I. The opera takes place in Venice at the age of Alessandro Stradella. The Duke of Pesaro enters with Spadoni and his men to abduct the beautiful Léonor (scene I). However they are disturbed by the singer Stradella and his pupils who came to sing for Léonor (scene II). Left alone Stradella sings together with his beloved, who stays at her balcony (scene III). After they part, Stradella returns with his henchmen and takes the girl away (scene IV). They are stopped by a patrol, but the Duke comes to save the cause (scene V). The bright carnival comes in, and Spadoni escapes the guards (scene VI).
Act II. Léonor finds herself at the Duke's apartments. She knows no one is going to save her, as she is an orphant (scene I). Spadoni appears with merchants, who bring precious presents from the Duke. She conseals herself (scene II). Called to make soften her heart with his singing, Stradella enters with Beppo and pupils. He tries some usual tunes, but soon finds that the girl in the room is no one else than Léonor (scene III). Stradella's attendants leave, and the lovers sing a desperate duet. In the middle of this a vocalise by Beppo is heard, which gives them an idea about how to escape together (scene IV). Unfortunately the Duke comes into the room. He tells the stunned Léonor about his love, while Stradella tries to keep himself still, singing only a parte. The girl rejects the Duke, and after he begins to threaten her, the singer comes out to tell the truth. Thanks to his pistol, the lovers manage to get out (Scene V).
Act III is set in Rome. The first tableau depicts a dining room in a hotel. After an aria sung by Stradella (scene I), enter two gangsters, Pietro and Michael. Spadoni, who is also here to find the runaways, asks them to kill Stradella. At first they refuse, but the gold makes them more agreeble (scene II). Léonor notices Spadoni as the three leave. This makes her much alarmed (scene III). The second tableau takes place in a church. It is the Holy Week. The people pray, while Stradella speaks with inspiration on sins and atonement. The killers attend the sermon too, and the words of the singer make them to decline the affair (scene IV). Enters the Duke and declares that he has forgiven Léonor and Stradella. The whole congregation praises the Lord (scene V).
Structure
Overture
Act I
Scene I
Recitative (Spadoni, Duke) "Nous y voila Monseigneur"
Choeur de bravi (male chorus, Duke, Spadoni) "Nos bras sont à vous"
Scene II
Choeur d'élèves (female chorus) "Là du sommeil l'ange"
Romance (Stradella; Léonor at the end) "Venise est encore au bal"
[Choeurs d'élèves et de bravi] (mixed chorus) "Là du sommeil l'ange"
Scene III
Recitative (Léonor, Stradella) "C'est donc vous, Stradella"
Nocturne (Léonor, Stradella) "A demain les delices supremes"
Scene IV
Recitative (Spadoni, Duke, Léonor offstage) "Amis, la place est libre!"
Scene V
Choeur des sbires (male chorus, Officer, Spadoni, Duke) "Marchons serrés et faisons"
Scene VI — Final
[Choeur] (Spadoni, Les masques [mixed chorus], Les sbires) "Ah parbleu, mes enfants"
Act II
Scene I
[Introduction]
Recitative (Léonor) "Ah! Ah quel songe affreux"
Aria (Léonor) "Quand celui que j'adore"
Scene II
Recitative (Spadoni) "Signora! Personne"
Air avec choeur (Spadoni, Les marchandes [female chorus]) "C'est nous qui vendons"
Scene III
[Scene] (Spadoni, Stradella, Beppo, Les élèves, Léonor offstage) "Ah, voilà ce chanteur"
Scene IV
Duo (Léonor, Stradella, Beppo offstage) "Quel coup du ciel!"
[Scene] (Léonor, Stradella, Beppo offstage; Duke at the end)
Scene V
Recitative (Léonor, Stradella, Duke)
[Trio and Finale] (Léonor, Stradella, Duke) "J'ai tout quitte"
Act III
Scene I
[Introduction]
Recitative (Stradella) "Ô Rome"
[Air] (Stradella) "A l'heure, où Dieu meme"
Scene II
Recitative (Spadoni) "J'y suis enfin"
Trio (Pietro, Michael, Spadoni) "Voyez mes braves gens"
Scene III
[Recitative and] Air (Léonor) "Spadoni, que vois-je"
Scene IV
Prière du peuple (Léonor, Beppo, Stradella, Pietro, Michael, Peuple [mixed chorus]; Duke at the end) "O Dieu tout puissant"
Scene V
[Finale] (all) "Allons, allons, enfants de Rome"
Recording
Stradella - opera in three acts (1841) Orchestra and Chorus of the Opéra Royal de Wallonie Paolo Arrivabeni rec. L'Opera de Liège, Belgium, 25–27 September 2012 DYNAMIC 2CD or DVD
References
External links
Operas
1841 operas
Operas by César Franck
The Tabassum movement () was a grassroots protest movement in Afghanistan that held several protests in Kabul and other Afghan cities in mid-November 2015, following the execution by an armed opposition group of nine-year old Shukria Tabassum and six other Hazaras around 9 November 2015. The protests were ethnically diverse, had strong participation and leadership by women, and the organizational structure avoided concentration of leadership.
Background
Nonviolent resistance movements in Afghanistan include Khudai Khidmatgar, which held long-term campaigns of nonviolent resistance to the British colonial government in the 1930s.
Zabul executions and first protest
The trigger event for the creation of the Tabassum movement was hostage taking by a group claiming allegiance to Islamic State in October 2015 and the execution of seven of the hostages, Hazaras, around 9 November 2015. One of the victims was Shukria Tabassum, a nine-year old girl.
In reaction, on 11 November 2015, 2000–20,000 protestors marched 10 km through Kabul carrying the coffins of the seven victims to the presidential palace. The marchers said that president Ashraf Ghani had failed to provide security, called for his government to resign and chanted slogans including "Death to the Taliban" and "Death to Islamic State". Ghani appeared on television 10 hours later and negotiations were held between some of the protestors and officials on the protestors' demands for improved security measures. According to Martine van Bijlert, the protestors who negotiated with the authorities were later rejected as unrepresentative of the larger group. The protest organisers held a press conference presenting their demands on 12 November.
The 11 November protest was self-managed and calm, with human chains formed at the sides of the march to leave pavements available for non-participating pedestrians.
Later protests
Several demonstrations with similar demands calling for improved security took place around Afghanistan in the days following the 11 November Kabul protest.
Membership
The 11 November 2015 Kabul protest included a large component of Hazaras together with other Afghans from diverse demographic groups, with the Zabul executions being seen as "not an attack on one group but on the whole nation". Tabassum organisers, including Khadim Karimi, contacted activists of non-Hazara ethnic groups to encourage them to participate together in the protests.
Women's participation
Women were highly active in the Tabassum protests in big numbers. The 11 November Kabul march included a "large group of women [at] the front of the demonstration" and women carrying one of the coffins.
Gender researcher Nazifa Alizada saw women's participation in the Tabassum movement as deliberately being present and active in public, chanting slogans alongside male marchers, organising and leading the protests, and participating in the negotiations with Ghani that followed the 11 November march. Alizada saw women's involvement in the Tabassum movement as a causal factor for a strong leadership role in the Enlightenment Movement of protest actions that took place during 2016–2017.
Alizada objected to patriarchal language, with women protesting in Nangarhar with posters stating "Hazara and Pashtun are brothers" () and pamphlets in Kabul addressing potential participants as "brother".
Methods
The Tabassum movement was a grassroots movement with "collective decision-making processes" that avoided charismatic leadership centred on powerful individuals.
Effects
The Tabassum movement was seen as leading to the 2016–2017 Enlightenment Movement and the 2017 Uprising for Change.
See also
People's Peace Movement (Afghanistan)
References
Non-profit organisations based in Afghanistan
The Golden Spin of Zagreb () is an annual senior-level figure skating competition, held yearly in Zagreb, Croatia. It became part of the ISU Challenger Series in the 2014–15 season. Medals are awarded in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies' singles, pair skating, and ice dancing, although, in some years, not every discipline is included. The equivalent for junior-level (and below) skaters is the Golden Bear of Zagreb.
The Golden Spin of Zagreb was first held in December 1967. In 2001, it served as the qualifying competition for the 2002 Winter Olympics.
Senior medalists
CS: ISU Challenger Series
Men
Ladies
Pairs
Ice dancing
Junior medalists
Men
Ladies
Pairs
Ice dancing
References
External links
Slovene Skating Union: Slovenian athletes results: ISU competitions - 1974 to 2006
Michael Collins Enterprises: Viktor Petrenko: Competitive highlights
Pair results
ISU Challenger Series
International figure skating competitions hosted by Croatia
Figure skating in Croatia
Sport in Zagreb
Recurring sporting events established in 1967
1967 establishments in Croatia
Mong Hsat District or Mongsat District () is a district of the Shan State in Myanmar. It consists of 2 townships 5 towns and 1095 villages.
Townships
The district contains the following townships:
Mong Hsat Township
Mong Tong Township
Mong Ping Township was moved under Kengtung District.
References
Mongsat District
Margaret Naumann Keyes (March 4, 1918 – October 14, 2015) was an American academic and heritage preserver. She was a professor of Home Economics at the University of Iowa and is a nationally recognized leader in the field of heritage conservation, best known for her work to preserve the Iowa Old Capitol Building.
Early life and education
Margaret Naumann Keyes was born in Mount Vernon, Iowa on 4 March 1918 to Charles R. Keyes and Sarah "Sadie" Naumann Keyes. As a child, Keyes had often accompanied her father on travels to Germany and on his archaeological expeditions, leading to her interest in academics. She attended Cornell College in Mt. Vernon, Iowa and graduated in 1939 with a B.A. in Home Economics. After graduation, Keyes taught at several Iowa high schools and undertook graduate studies at the University of Wisconsin during summer terms, earning a master's degree in 1951. She was appointed to the Home Economics faculty at the State University of Iowa in September, 1951. A decade later, she won the Ellen H. Richards Fellowship from the American Home Economics Association to undertake doctoral studies at Florida State University, earning a Ph.D. in Historic Preservation in 1965.
Academic career
Upon returning to the University of Iowa and Keyes taught a variety of courses including Textile Design, Historic Interiors, and research seminars. In the 1970s and 1980s, Keyes led Iowa's drive to preserve and renovate its historic structures. She served as a board member for the State Historical Society of Iowa, the Terrace Hill (the Iowa governor's mansion) Authority, the Iowa City Urban Renewal Design Review Board, the Victorian Society in America, and the National Trust for Historic Preservation. Keyes's most important work in historic preservation was her 1975 to 1999 direction of the restoration of the Old State Capitol in Iowa City, converting it to a state historical museum. Keyes's commitments as director of Old Capitol, speaking engagements, and service work left her with little time to fulfill her duties as professor in the Home Economics department. She gradually decreased her course load and officially retired as full professor and was granted emeritus status in 1984. She was active as a researcher and active scholar well into her retirement.
Selected publications
Keyes, M.N. (1966). Nineteenth Century Home Architecture of Iowa City. University of Iowa Press, Iowa City. 162pp.
Keyes, M.N. (1988). Old Capitol: Portrait of an Iowa Landmark. University of Iowa Press, Iowa City. 187pp.
Personal life
Keyes and her lifetime companion, Floy Eugenia Whitehead, traveled to a variety of worldwide locations, including Israel, Jamaica, Taiwan, and Europe. For over thirty years, the two lived at a home near the university in Iowa City that was renowned for its gracious hospitality. Eugenia Whitehead who served as the chairperson of the Department of Home Economics at the University of Iowa from 1955 to 1971 died in 1998.
The Keyes family
Margaret's father, Charles Reuben Keyes was born on 5 May 1871 in Mt. Vernon, Iowa to Marsden and Martha Whittington Keyes. He attended Cornell College and married Sarah "Sadie" Naumann in 1902. Charles Keyes attended Harvard University for his Ph.D. in German, and taught German at Cornell College until his retirement in 1941. He also had a lifelong interest in local archeology, was employed by the State Historical Society of Iowa and was known for his expertise in local Native American archaeology and burial mounds. He died in 1951. Sarah Naumann Keyes died in 1963.
Margaret Keyes had one older sister, Catherine Ann Keyes, who was born 25 April 1905, attended Cornell College, the Oberlin Conservatory of Music and Yale University. Catherine Ann Keyes served on the faculty of Oberlin College as a music historian and music librarian in the early 1940s. Catherine married Philip L. Miller (1906 - 1996) who had been a music librarian at the New York Public Library in 1938. She earned her Ph.D. in Music History from Yale University in 1948. Philip and Catherine Keyes Miller served as music librarians at the New York Public Library from October 1945 until their retirement. Catherine also served on the faculty of Columbia University teaching music librarianship beginning in 1946. She died January 1978 in Brooklyn, New York.
Marsden Keyes (Margaret's paternal grandfather) was born 15 Feb 1832 in Northumberland, New York to William W. Keyes and Laura Rice. He married Margaret Purves in Nova Scotia in 1856. After living in Lone Rock, Wisconsin, the couple moved to Mt. Vernon, Iowa, in 1860 and had three children. Margaret Purves Keyes died in 1863. Marsden Keyes then married Martha Whittington in 1866. Marsden Keyes was a carpenter and home builder in Mt. Vernon during a period of large growth for the town, from 1870 to the 1890s. He died in 1902.
Margaret Naumann Keyes was a descendant of Edmund Rice, an English immigrant to Massachusetts Bay Colony, as follows:
Margaret Naumann Keyes, daughter of
Charles Reuben Keyes (1871–1951), son of
Marsden Keyes (1832–1902), son of
Laura Rice (1801–1842), daughter of
Noah Rice (1760–1834), son of
Phineas Rice (1724–1777), son of
Perez Rice (1698–1782), son of
Thomas Rice (1654–1747), son of
Thomas Rice (1626–1681), son of
Edmund Rice (1594–1663)
References
1918 births
People from Mount Vernon, Iowa
People from Iowa City, Iowa
Cornell College alumni
University of Wisconsin–Madison alumni
Florida State University alumni
2015 deaths
University of Iowa faculty
Historic preservation in the United States
It's Not Just You, Murray! (1964) is a short film directed by Martin Scorsese. The film focuses on Murray, a middle-aged mobster who looks back at his beginnings. The film premiered at the New York Film Festival in 1966. It's Not Just You, Murray! won various awards including the Producers Guild Award for Best Student Film, and Jesse L Lasky Intercollegiate Award.
Plot
Murray (played by Ira Rubin), is a middle-aged mobster, looks back at his beginnings from being a bootlegger to becoming wealthy and highly influential. He claims his success and happiness is from the support of his "friend" Joe (played by Sam De Fazio). Murray follows Joe blindly but Joe backstabs him by sleeping with his wife.
Cast
Credits adapted from British Film Institute.
Ira Rubin as Murray
Sam De Fazio as Joe
Andrea Martin as Murray's wife
Catherine Scorsese as mother
Production
The film was made at New York University. The film is 15 minutes long, shot in 16 mm film as black and white film. While working on the film, Martin Scorsese met Laraine Marie Brennan, whom he married. Much of the film was shot in Scorsese's apartment. The story of the film is based on his uncle. Scorsese co-wrote the script with Mardik Martin. The film marked the debut for Scorsese's mother Catherine Scorsese. It later premiered at the New York Film Festival in 1966.
Reception
In 1964, It's Not Just You, Murray! won the Producers Guild Award for Best Student Film. Later, the film won the Jesse L Lasky Intercollegiate Award.
Patricia Cooper and Ken Dancyger wrote that the film is "among the best student films ever made". Mark Asch of Reverse Shot wrote, "The celebration of one's influences—a constant in Scorsese's career—is a characteristic It's Not Just You, Murray! shares with innumerable other student films". Christopher Campbell of Business Insider wrote that the film "features a few more parallels and even seems like a template for a number of later works, including Goodfellas, Casino and now The Wolf of Wall Street." Nora Sayre of The New York Times wrote, "What's pleasing throughout is the way that the narration contradicts what's taking place on the screen".
References
External links
1964 films
1964 short films
1960s English-language films
American black-and-white films
American short films
Short films directed by Martin Scorsese
Al-Ameen Educational Society was started in the year 1966 to meet the needs of education in the city of Bangalore and of the minority Muslim community. Mumtaz Ahmed Khan is the founder of al-Ameen Educational Society. Number of social workers supported him to start and establish around 20 branches of Al-Ameen Educational Society and 200 institutions throughout India.
History
Mumtaz Ahmed Khan is the founder of Al-Ameen Educational Society. At the age of 31, in 1966 Khan founded the Al-Ameen Movement. He had decided to name it The Bangalore Educational Society. He was advised against this by his friend Khader Hussein who suggested Al-Ameen Educational Society as a reference to the title given to Prophet Muhammad which meant The Trustworthy. Hussein later became the principle of Saboo Siddiq Polytechnic, Bombay.
Abbasiya Begum, a female member of the Karnataka Legislative Council was elected the first chairperson of this society.
A number of social workers supported him for starting and establishing around 20 branches of Al-Ameen Educational Society and 200 institutions throughout India.
Structure
Activities
Planning Commission of India member Syeda Saiyidain Hameed was awarded Al-Ameen All India Community Leadership Award - 2006 by the Secretary, Chairman and Vice Chairman on 23 January 2007.
Institutions
Al-Ameen College of Pharmacy
Al-Ameen College of Law
Al-Ameen Arts, Science and Commerce Degree College
Al-Ameen College of Education
Al-Ameen Institute of Management Studies
Al-Ameen Institute of Information Sciences
Al-Ameen Pre University College
Al-Ameen Primary & High School
References
External links
Official website
Educational organisations based in India
Minority schools
Schools in Bangalore
The 1929 Saskatchewan general election was held on June 6, 1929 to elect members of the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan.
As a result of corruption scandals, the Liberal Party of Premier James Gardiner lost a significant share of its popular vote, but more important, lost twenty-two of the seats it had won in the 1925 election. While the Liberals held the largest number of seats in the legislature, they had only a minority. Gardiner tried to continue as a minority government, but was quickly defeated in a Motion of No Confidence, and resigned as premier.
The Conservative Party of James T.M. Anderson increased its representation in the legislature from three to twenty four seats. Following Gardiner's resignation, Anderson was able to form a coalition government with the support of the Progressive Party and some independents.
The Progressives had lost a large part of the popular vote it had won in 1925, but managed to retain five of the six seats it had won previously.
Results
Note: * Party did not nominate candidates in previous election.
Percentages
Members elected
For complete electoral history, see individual districts
July 16, 1929
August 12, 1929
See also
Ku Klux Klan in Canada
List of Saskatchewan political parties
References
Saskatchewan Archives Board – Election Results By Electoral Division
Elections Saskatchewan - Provincial Vote Summaries
Further reading
1929 elections in Canada
1929 in Saskatchewan
1929
June 1929 events
The Baton Rouge Blue Marlins, located in Baton Rouge, Louisiana and managed by Scott Bethea, were a professional baseball team in the All-American Association. Both the team and the league existed for only one season, 2001. They played their home games at Pete Goldsby Field. Their record was 44–28 in the regular season, and in the playoffs they beat the Albany Alligators in the semi-finals and the Fort Worth Cats in the championship three games to two.
Bethea, who also played for the team, was named the league's manager of the year.
Their attendance of 16,616 was fifth in the six team league.
References
Professional baseball teams in Louisiana
Defunct independent baseball league teams
Baseball teams established in 2001
2001 establishments in Louisiana
Sport clubs disestablished in 2001
2001 disestablishments in Louisiana
Defunct baseball teams in Louisiana
Max Oliver Cogburn Jr. (born April 21, 1951) is a United States district judge of the United States District Court for the Western District of North Carolina.
Early life and education
Born in Cambridge, Massachusetts, Cogburn earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of North Carolina in 1973 and a Juris Doctor from the Samford University Cumberland School of Law in 1976.
Professional career
From 1976 until 1980, Cogburn worked as an associate and then as a partner at an Asheville, North Carolina law firm. From 1980 until 1992, he worked in the United States Attorney's office in Asheville as an Assistant United States Attorney, including as Chief Assistant United States Attorney from 1986 until 1988. From 1992 until 1995, Cogburn was a partner in a law firm in Charlotte, North Carolina. From 1995 until 2004, he served as a federal magistrate judge on the United States District Court for the Western District of North Carolina. He returned to private practice in 2004, working in Asheville, North Carolina.
Federal judicial service
On May 27, 2010, President Obama nominated Cogburn to a seat on the Western District of North Carolina. He was reported out of the Senate Judiciary Committee on December 8, 2010, but his nomination lapsed at the end of 2010 and the end of the 111th Congress. Obama renominated Cogburn on January 5, 2011, and he was reported out of the Senate Judiciary Committee on February 3, 2011. The Senate confirmed Cogburn in a 96–0 vote on March 10, 2011. He received his commission on March 11, 2011.
Notable rulings
On October 10, 2014, Cogburn struck down North Carolina's gay marriage ban as unconstitutional, opening the way for same-sex marriages in North Carolina to begin immediately.
Cogburn was a member of a three-judge panel that struck down the redistricting of certain North Carolina Congressional districts for relying too heavily on race. Cogburn also wrote a separate concurring opinion in that case. The case eventually made its way to the Supreme Court. The case, Cooper v. Harris, was upheld by a 5–3 decision of the Supreme Court on May 22, 2017.
References
External links
1951 births
Living people
Assistant United States Attorneys
Cumberland School of Law alumni
Judges of the United States District Court for the Western District of North Carolina
United States district court judges appointed by Barack Obama
21st-century American judges
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill alumni
United States magistrate judges
Caerau Hillfort () is a large triangular multivallate Iron Age hillfort, built on a previously occupied Neolithic site, occupying the western tip of an extensive ridge-top plateau in the western suburbs of Caerau and Ely, Cardiff, Wales. It is the largest Iron Age site of its type in south Wales and also one of the largest in Great Britain. The old parish church, St Mary's, and a small ringwork, almost certainly a medieval castle site probably contemporary with the church, stand within the hillfort on the north-eastern side.
The hillfort
Caerau Hillfort is the third largest Iron Age hillfort in Glamorgan, enclosing , and is surrounded by housing and the A4232. It was once a stronghold of the powerful Silures tribe who inhabited this part of Wales before the arrival of the Romans.
Excavations for an episode of Channel 4's Time Team, broadcast in April 2012, showed the hillfort's occupation began about 600 BC. Further excavations, in 2013–2014, revealed evidence of the site's occupation back to the early Neolithic. Finds included flint tools and weapons dating to 3600 BC. Iron Age and Romano-British pottery as well as a single fragment of a mortarium (1st century AD Roman pouring vessel) have been found from an area north-west of the southern entrance.
The steep north and south slopes of the ridge are both fortified by three massive ramparts with accompanying ditches, although these are hidden beneath trees and scrub. On the east side the hillfort defences appear to have been reduced to two ramparts in the north and one in south. There seem to have been two entrances to the hillfort, one in the middle of the east side and one west of the south corner. At the east entrance the ramparts curve round to command the approach, but there is no corresponding in turn at the south entrance. An apex in the north-west of the hillfort may be a third entrance, but it has been heavily eroded by water flowing from a spring.
The interior, now pasture, was cultivated in the past, and the characteristic traces of rig and furrow agriculture can be seen on aerial photographs. It is traversed by two earthworks which may be old field boundaries, or even the remains of a smaller, earlier hillfort or even a Neolithic causewayed enclosure.
St Mary's church
St Mary's church probably dates to the 13th century, and is set within an oval churchyard. Today, it is ruinous and consists of stone walls, mostly stone rubble, nave with south porch and north vestry, chancel and a tower. St Mary's was restored c. 1885 by John Prichard, the Llandaff diocesan architect, who rebuilt the chancel, while the vestry was added in c. 1920. The church was closed in 1957 and allowed to fall into ruin, but was again restored in 1961 by Father Victor Jones. However, after Father Jones left the diocese, the church was again allowed to fall into disrepair.
The ringwork
To the north-east of St Mary's church is an oval medieval ringwork measuring 35 m by 20 m. The oval enclosure is defined by a rampart and ditch with an entrance facing southwest towards St Mary's church. It is possible that it is an unrecorded castle belonging to the Bishops of Llandaff, probably contemporary with the church.
See also
History of Cardiff
Timeline of Cardiff history
History of Wales
List of scheduled monuments in Cardiff
Notes
External links
, Coflein website.
Hillforts in Cardiff
Scheduled monuments in Cardiff
History of Cardiff
Former populated places in Wales
The 1986 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships took place between June 20–21 at Hayward Field on the campus of University of Oregon in Eugene, Oregon. The meet was organized by The Athletics Congress.
Results
Men track events
Men field events
Women track events
Women field events
See also
United States Olympic Trials (track and field)
References
Results from T&FN
results
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships
Usa Outdoor Track And Field Championships, 1986
Track and field
Track and field in Oregon
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships
Outdoor Track and Field Championships
The Deepwater Railway was an intrastate short line railroad located in West Virginia in the United States which operated from 1898 to 1907.
William N. Page, a civil engineer and entrepreneur, had begun a small logging railroad in Fayette County in 1896, sometimes called the Loup Creek and Deepwater Railway. It extended from an interchange at Deepwater with the Chesapeake and Ohio Railway (C&O) on the south bank of the navigable Kanawha River up a steep grade into the mountainous terrain southward, following the winding Loup Creek to reach a sawmill at Robson which was owned by the Loup Creek Estate. It was operated by the C&O under a verbal agreement.
In 1898, the Deepwater Railway was incorporated, and an extension was planned to reach nearby coal deposits at Page. In 1902, assisted by silent partner, millionaire industrialist Henry H. Rogers of Standard Oil fame, Page expanded his plans, first to extend further in West Virginia to Matoaka. In 1907, the Deepwater Railway was acquired by its sister Tidewater Railway to form the Virginian Railway.
See also
Reference
Defunct West Virginia railroads
Predecessors of the Virginian Railway
Railway companies established in 1898
Railway companies disestablished in 1907
Michael A. Weinstein (August 24, 1942 – September 17, 2015) was an American political philosopher and political scientist, punk musician, and photography critic. He was a Guggenheim Fellow, Professor of Political Science at Purdue University, and the author or co-author of more than twenty books on a wide array of topics in philosophy. Weinstein also engaged in public political analysis, most notably with regards to the Somali civil war, but also the Unabomber, and the Abu Ghraib torture and prisoner abuses.
Philosophy
Weinstein's philosophical work addresses a variety of sub-fields and problems, including existentialism, American classical philosophy, vitalism, Mexican finalist ontology, virtue, and technology, among others. Arthur Kroker has referred to him as an American "Nietzsche for our times", and his work on American classical philosophy in The Wilderness and the City as a definitive commentary. While Weinstein's work is systematic, it is not systemic, offering instead a collection of methods and concepts with which one can evaluate their (and others') lived experience.
"Civil savage"
The "civil savage" is a concept found in Culture/Flesh, Weinstein's reflection on the human condition in "postcivilized modernity". According to Weinstein, modernity is a project aimed toward technological advancements, world mastery, and meaning creation that have continuously failed to overcome the fragility of our finite, mortal existence. Postmodernism has attempted to deconstruct modernity, but fails to truly find an effective substitute for the death of God and nihilism. The civil savage is a conceptual persona of the existentialist skeptic who adopts the life strategy of "erotic hedonism" and the motto of "everything is possible and nothing is necessary". In contrast to simple hedonism, erotic hedonism entails a conduct of the self-conscious direction of one's connections to others and the world (p. 54), and a cultivated disposition of "ironical devotion" and "active appreciation" toward the world (p. 68), without any illusions that such conduct will truly allow humanity to escape its finite existence.
Critical vitalism
Weinstein's primary philosophical project was a form of life philosophy which he referred to as "critical vitalism". While evolving over time, critical vitalism draws its initial inspiration from the classical vitalist philosophical tradition, including figures such as Henri Bergson. From classical vitalism, Weinstein adopts its "partisanship in favor of life", as well as (following Bergson's method of "intuition") its inquiry in the structure of lived experience of particular beings, "grasped from the inside" of that being's experience. Critical vitalism departs from classical vitalism in its avoidance of "metaphysical speculation" (such as the classical vitalist concept of élan vital), and the restriction of its inquiry to the evidence acquired from lived experience.
Music
Weinstein was the lead singer and a songwriter for the Chicago-based punk band Vortis from 2000 to 2009. In his performative role as an "agitainer", he adopted the stage name of Fellow Traveler. Vortis released two albums with Weinstein as lead singer, Take the System Down and God Won't Bless America Again. Kurt Morris, one of the editors of the popular music website allmusic.com, described Weinstein's live stage performance as "... like a cross between Jello Biafra, Ice Cube, and Iggy Pop, at the live shows Weinstein can be found running around the stage, flipping people off, and yelling lines like, 'fuck, fuck, fuck, the human race.'
Photography criticism
Weinstein began his work in photography criticism in 1990, publishing his first reviews in the Chicago-based Newcity magazine. His method of criticism was distinct in the inspiration it drew from the ideas of Italian philosopher Benedetto Croce, especially Croce's concept of "immanent criticism". Weinstein understood immanent criticism to require that the critic should not come to a work or body of work with a set of standards or values that would then be applied to judge the work, but, instead, should seek to get inside the work and re-live it as the artist intended it to be experienced, if at all possible. Having followed that procedure to the best of his or her ability, the critic would then seek to express the experience of that work in words. The way I put it is that the work is a gift given to the viewer from the artist, and I want to honor that gift by experiencing it as much as possible as the artist wants me to appreciate it. Viewing photography as a gift that allows access to the perspective and experiences of another person, Weinstein's method correspondingly advocates a form of criticism based in "appreciation" rather than negative judgment according to pre-existing metrics.
Bibliography
Books
(with Deena Weinstein)
(with Deena Weinstein)
(with Kenneth Grundy)
(with Deena Weinstein)
(with Deena Weinstein)
(with Deena Weinstein)
(with Arthur Kroker)
Mind Unmasked: A Political Phenomenology of Consciousness. New York: Routledge. 2018. (with Timothy M. Yetman)
Notes
1942 births
2015 deaths
American political scientists
American political philosophers
American punk rock singers
Photography critics
Philosophers from Illinois
Singers from Chicago
Harbhajan Rai (born December 27, 1961), is a former field hockey player from Canada. He was born in Jalandhar Cantonment, Punjab, India.
Rai competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California. There he finished in tenth place with the Men's National Team.
International senior competitions
1984 – Olympic Games, Los Angeles (10th)
References
Canadian Olympic Committee
External links
1961 births
Canadian male field hockey players
Field hockey players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Indian emigrants to Canada
Living people
Olympic field hockey players of Canada
Canadian sportspeople of Indian descent
Pan American Games medalists in field hockey
Pan American Games gold medalists for Canada
Field hockey players at the 1983 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1983 Pan American Games
The Apostolic Nunciature to Haiti the diplomatic mission of the Holy See to Haiti. It is located in Port-au-Prince. The current Apostolic Nuncio is Archbishop Francisco Escalante Molina, who was named to the position by Pope Francis on 4 June 2021.
The Apostolic Nunciature to the Republic of Haiti is an ecclesiastical office of the Catholic Church in Haiti, with the rank of an embassy. The nuncio serves both as the ambassador of the Holy See to the President of Haiti, and as delegate and point-of-contact between the Catholic hierarchy in Haiti and the Pope.
Representatives of the Holy See to Haiti
Apostolic delegates
Joseph Rosati (30 April 1841 – 25 September 1843)
Giovanni Monetti (30 October 1860 – 1861)
Martial-Guillaume-Marie Testard du Cosquer (29 November 1861 – 1 October 1863)
(28 July 1874 – 9 August 1883)
Bernardino di Milia (13 May 1884 – November 1890)
Spiridion-Salvatore-Costantino Buhadgiar (28 November 1890 – 10 August 1891)
Giulio Tonti (10 August 1892 – 21 July 1902)
Apostolic internuncios
Francesco Cherubini (13 November 1915 – 2 March 1920)
George Joseph Caruana (28 January 1927 – September 1930)
Apostolic nuncios
Giuseppe Fietta (23 September 1930 – 24 July 1936)
Maurilio Silvani (24 July 1936 – 23 May 1942)
Alfredo Pacini (23 April 1946 – 23 April 1949)
Francesco Lardone (21 May 1949 – 21 November 1953)
Luigi Raimondi (24 December 1953 – 15 December 1956)
Domenico Enrici (30 January 1958 – 5 January 1960)
Giovanni Ferrofino (8 February 1960 – 3 November 1965)
Marie-Joseph Lemieux (16 September 1966 – 30 May 1969)
Luigi Barbarito (10 June 1969 – 5 April 1975)
Luigi Conti (1 August 1975 – 19 November 1983)
Paolo Romeo (17 December 1983 – 24 April 1990)
Giuseppe Leanza (3 July 1990 – 4 June 1991)
Lorenzo Baldisseri (15 January 1992 – 6 April 1995)
Christophe Pierre (12 July 1995 – 10 May 1999)
Luigi Bonazzi (19 June 1999 – 30 March 2004)
Mario Giordana (27 April 2004 – 15 March 2008)
Bernardito Auza (8 May 2008 – 1 July 2014)
Eugene Nugent (10 January 2015 – 7 January 2021)
Francisco Escalante Molina (4 June 2021 – present)
See also
Roman Catholicism in Haiti
Religion in Haiti
Notes
References
External links
Nunciature to Haiti page at catholic-hierarchy.org
Apostolic Nunciature of Haiti page at gcatholic.org
Haiti
Catholic Church in Haiti
Haiti–Holy See relations
This is a list of Spanish actors.
A
Encarna Abad
Victoria Abril (1959)
Emilio Aragón Álvarez
Elena Anaya (1975)
Aron Piper
B
Antonio Banderas (1960)
Javier Bardem (1969)
Jaime Blanch (1940)
Carmen Bonaplata (1871–1911), operatic soprano
Juan Diego Botto (1975)
Celso Bugallo (1947)
C
Armando Calvo (1919–1996)
Toni Cantó
Mario Casas
Estrellita Castro
Oona Chaplin (1986)
Mark Consuelos (1970)
Jan Cornet
Penélope Cruz (1974)
E
Luis Escobar (1908–1991)
Manolo Escobar
Ester Expósito (2000)
F
Angelines Fernández (1922–1994)
Fernando Fernán-Gómez (1921–2007)
Alba Flores (1986)
G
Diego Gilberte (1994)
Sancho Gracia (1936–2012)
K
Dafne Keen (2005)
L
Alfredo Landa (1933–2013)
Sergi López (1965)
M
Carmen Maura (1945)
Jesús Mosquera (1993)
Jordi Mollá (1968)
Sara Montiel (1928–2013)
Amparo Muñoz
N
Paul Naschy (1934–2009)
Conchita Núñez (1943–2009)
P
Marisa Paredes (1946)
Elsa Pataky
Danna Paola
R
Francisco Rabal (1926–2001)
Fernando Rey (1917–1994)
Álvaro Rico (1996)
S
Aitana Sánchez-Gijón (1968)
Fernando Sancho (1916–1990)
Ines Sastre
Ariadna Sintes
V
Paz Vega (1976)
See also
List of Spaniards
References
Actors
Spain
Horace Fielding (14 October 1906 – 14 June 1969) was an English professional footballer who played as a winger.
References
1906 births
1969 deaths
People from Heywood, Greater Manchester
English footballers
Association football wingers
Mossley A.F.C. players
Stockport County F.C. players
Grimsby Town F.C. players
Reading F.C. players
Crystal Palace F.C. players
Mansfield Town F.C. players
Peterborough United F.C. players
English Football League players
Vijona Kryeziu (born 8 October 1997) is a Kosovan sprinter. She competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, in the women's 400 metres. She was the flag bearer for Kosovo in the closing ceremony.
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Kosovan female sprinters
Olympic athletes of Kosovo
Athletes (track and field) at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games competitors for Kosovo
Olympic female sprinters
Chłopiatyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Dołhobyczów, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin. The village is located in the historical region Galicia.
The village has a population of 163.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Donald Joseph White, "DONDI" (April 7, 1961 – October 2, 1998) was an American graffiti artist.
Biography
Early life
Born in the East New York neighborhood of Brooklyn, Dondi was the youngest of five children. He was of African American and Italian American descent. He attended a Catholic school during his sophomore years. By 1975, East New York became an unstable region with racial tensions and social conflicts such as the prominence of gangs. In an interview with Zephyr, Dondi stated that he had joined several gangs in the 1970s to avoid being attacked. Anxious to leave high school behind, he earned his GED in 1984, took a job in a government office, and began to indulge his interest in graffiti.
Graffiti
Graffiti became a serious part of Dondi's life in the mid-1970s. He tagged using "NACO" and "DONDI", and worked on refining his style, gradually moving from simple tagging to building more elaborate pieces. Using the name Dondi (a version of his own name) was considered very risky at the time, as the Metropolitan Transportation Authority and the New York Police Department (NYPD) were trying to crack down on writers. In 1979, Dondi officially adopted his name when he painted a giant piece on the roof of his house.
He became a member of TOP crew (The Odd Partners) in 1977. In 1978, Dondi formed his own crew, named CIA (Crazy Inside Artists), which included other prominent artists such as his good friend DURO. For the next 20-odd years, Dondi became recognized as the stylistic standard, influencing generations of graffiti writers.
Dondi pioneered many of the styles and techniques still used by modern graffiti artists. Though he would often do wildstyle pieces for the benefit of other writers (like the famous 2MANY piece), he wanted the public to be able to read and enjoy his work, so he would focus on readable letters with intricate fills and characters.
His most famous work was Children of the Grave Parts 1, 2 and 3—three whole cars on the New York City Subway in the years 1978 through 1980. The name of the piece was taken from a Black Sabbath song. Journalist Martha Cooper filmed the final piece from start to finish. On this last piece, Dondi adopted the cartoon characters from the late Vaughn Bode. He later painted a version of Children of the Grave 3 in a studio.
He was the first graffiti artist to have a one-man show in the Netherlands and Germany, and his work is collected by European museums.
As attested by newspapers and magazines of the early 1980s, like People magazine he worked with the Fun Gallery and together with artists of the like of Jean-Michel Basquiat, Lee Quinones, Keith Haring, ERO (Dominique Philbert), Rammellzee, Fab 5 Freddy, Futura 2000, Toxic, Zephyr, and others, he brought Graffiti art from the streets to art galleries, and museums of the United States, Europe, and Japan.
Death
Dondi died of AIDS on October 2, 1998.
Legacy
Dondi had no children but his family, including brother Michael White and his son Mike White have been moving his legacy forward. Dondi left behind hundreds of paintings and drawings, the ownership of which is still being disputed. Zephyr, IZ the Wiz, Doc and Keo painted tribute murals between 1998 and 2000. The glass-pipe artist Marbleslinger features a Dondi stencil on a series of pieces from 2008.
Dondi was featured on a Converse shoe as part of the Product Red project (2007) as well as on a capsule clothing line by Kool Sugar Apparel that was to be available in 2016. Parts of the proceeds are going to an AIDS charity.
In 2019 the Dondi White Foundation partnered with Virgil Abloh for his Off-White clothing line. Proceeds donated to God's we deliver. All upcoming collaborations will be posted on Instagram @dondi_the_real.
In January 2018 on an Artnet auction, a 1984 Dondi painting, titled Solid Formation, estimated between $50,000 and $70,000 USDm sold for US$240,000.
Media
Exhibitions and appearances
Martha Cooper and the Radiant Children (1979)
Esses Studio (1980)
New York/New Wave (1981)
Fun Gallery (1982)
New York City Rap Tour (1982)
Yaki Kornblit Gallery (1983)
Fun Gallery (2) (1983)
Museum Boijmans - Van Beuningen (1983)
European Museum Shows (1983–85)
56 Bleecker Gallery (1987)
The Rempire Show (1992)
Groninger Museum Retrospective (1992)
* GHOST Galerie DONDISM (Marseille; 2018)
Musee des Monuments Francais (Paris)
Film
Dreams Don't Die (1982)
Style Wars (1983)
Wild Style (1983)
References
Bibliography
Andrew Witten and Michael White, Dondi White Style Master General: The Life of Graffiti Artist Dondi White, New York: Regan/HarperCollins Books, 2001. - see Zephyr
Dondism : Retrospective Exhibition - GHOST galerie, Marseille
External links
Dondi White Foundation
Dondi White @ 149st
1961 births
1998 deaths
AIDS-related deaths in New York (state)
American graffiti artists
African-American people
American people of Italian descent
20th-century American painters
American male painters
20th-century African-American painters
20th-century American male artists
20th-century African-American men
Radical 65 or radical branch () meaning "branch" is one of the 34 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals in total) composed of 4 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary, there are 26 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.
is also the 65th indexing component in the Table of Indexing Chinese Character Components predominantly adopted by Simplified Chinese dictionaries published in mainland China.
Evolution
Derived characters
Literature
External links
Unihan Database - U+652F
065
065
Pennsylvania Route 127 (PA 127) is a state highway located in Forest and Warren counties in Pennsylvania. The southern terminus is at U.S. Route 62 (US 62) in West Hickory. The northern terminus is at US 62 outside of Tidioute.
Route description
PA 127 begins at an intersection with US 62 in Hickory Township, Forest County, heading west on two-lane undivided Main Street. The route immediately crosses the Allegheny River into the residential community of West Hickory in Harmony Township. PA 127 turns south before turning northwest onto Fleming Hill Road and leaving West Hickory. The road curves north and enters dense hilly forests. PA 127 continues through more forests with a few areas of homes and fields, reaching a junction with the eastern terminus of PA 227 in Fagundus Corners. A short distance later, the road heads into Triumph Township in Warren County, becoming an unnamed road that passes through Fagundus and running through more dense forests. Along this stretch, PA 127 forms the west border of the Allegheny National Forest. The route turns northeast and becomes Babylon Hill Road before turning into Main Street as it enters the borough of Tidioute. Here, PA 127 passes homes before turning south onto Buckingham Street and running past businesses. The route crosses the Allegheny River again into Limestone Township and immediately ends at US 62.
Major intersections
See also
References
127
Transportation in Forest County, Pennsylvania
Transportation in Warren County, Pennsylvania
Night of the Mark VII is a live album by saxophonist Clifford Jordan which was recorded in 1975 and first released on the Muse label.
Reception
In his review on AllMusic, Scott Yanow notes that this is "Overall, Night of the Mark 7 features high-quality hard bop from four of the greats of the idiom, so it is easily recommended to those not already owning the music."
Track listing
"John Coltrane" (Bill Lee) – 7:45
"Highest Mountain" (Clifford Jordan) – 6:02
"Blue Monk" (Thelonious Monk) – 7:20
"One for Amos" [listed as Midnight Waltz on all issues] (Sam Jones) – 10:53
"Midnight Waltz" [listed as One for Amos on all issues] (Cedar Walton) – 10:49
Personnel
Clifford Jordan – tenor saxophone
Cedar Walton – piano
Sam Jones – bass
Billy Higgins – drums
References
Clifford Jordan live albums
1975 live albums
Muse Records live albums
Homestake Mine is located in the Newberry Mountains near Searchlight, Nevada. It is listed on the United States National Register of Historic Places for activities between 1850 and 1924. Gold and silver were mined.
History
The mine operated from the 1930s to 1953 and tapped the Silver King Vein.
The site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 17, 1985.
References
National Register of Historic Places in Clark County, Nevada
Gold mines in Nevada
Silver mining in Nevada
Silver mines in the United States
Underground mines in the United States
Industrial buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Nevada
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Nevada
John Amadas (by 1489 – 1554 or 1555), of Court Gate, Tavistock, Devon, Eltham, Kent and Launceston, Cornwall, was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Tavistock in 1515. He was Mayor of Launceston in 1544–45.
References
15th-century births
1555 deaths
Members of the Parliament of England for Tavistock
People from Kent
People from Launceston, Cornwall
Mayors of places in Cornwall
English MPs 1515
Fisneset (Fart Headland) is a headland in Sørkapp Land at Spitsbergen, Svalbard. It is located at the southwestern shore of Spitsbergen, northwest of the bay Stormbukta, between Olsokflya and Bjørnbeinflya. The headland is named from the smell of hydrogen sulfide emerging from springs at the site.
References
Headlands of Spitsbergen
Marie Charlotte Blanc (née Hensel; 23 September 1833 – 25 July 1881) was a German socialite and businesswoman. She was a prominent member of high society in Monaco and France. After the death of her husband, François Blanc, she operated the Monte Carlo Casino.
Biography
Marie Charlotte Hensel was born on 23 September 1833 in Friedrichsdorf to working class parents. Her father was a shoemaker. At the age of 14 she entered service as a maid for French businessman François Blanc; his wife, Madeleine-Victoire Huguelin; and their two children, Camille and Charles, at their home in Bad Homburg vor der Höhe. While in their service, Hensel learned to speak French. In 1852 Madeleine-Victoire Huguelin died. On 20 June 1854 Blanc and Hensel married in Paris. They had three children. Her eldest daughter, Louise, married Prince Constantine Radziwiłł. Her younger daughter, Marie-Félix, married Prince Roland Bonaparte. Her son, Edmond, became Mayor of La Celle Saint-Cloud.
In 1856 Charles III of Monaco hired François Blanc, who successfully operated a casino in Germany, to create a casino in Monaco. He founded the Monte Carlo Casino and, in 1861, co-founded the Société des bains de mer de Monaco. While living in Monaco, Hensel helped her husband establish the casino in Monte Carlo. On 27 July 1877 her husband died due to respiratory problems while in Leukerbad, Switzerland for treatment. After her husband's death, Hensel inherited 72 million francs and took control of the Monte Carlo Casino. She worked with Charles Garnier to build the Opéra de Monte-Carlo.
In 1871 Hensel purchased Ermenonville Castle for her daughter, Louise. Hensel died on 25 July 1881 in Moûtiers.
Gallery
References
1833 births
1881 deaths
Blanc family
Businesspeople in the casino industry
People from Friedrichsdorf
German socialites
German expatriates in France
19th-century German businesswomen
Jamaica Hospital for Children is a children's hospital in Kingston, Jamaica, located on Arthur Wint Drive in the Kingston 5 district of the city, near the national stadium Independence Park and the Bob Marley statue. It is the only children's hospital amongst English speaking nations in the Caribbean.
History
The Bustamante Hospital for Children was established in 1963 and has serves approximately 35,887 outpatients and 70,331 casualties per year. It has 283 including 5 ICU beds. It was a former British Military Hospital but was transformed into a children's hospital after the British left in 1962 (gifted by British government following Jamaica's independence) and was named after the then Prime Minister, Sir Alexander Bustamante.
Services
The hospitals service available includes:
General Medicine
Cardiology
Neurology
Asthma
Respiratory ailments
Nephrology
Dermatology
Rheumatology
General Surgery
Neurosurgery
Orthopedics
Urology
Ears, Nose and Throat (ENT)
Plastic and Burns
Ophthalmology
The hospital also has a Medical Social Worker programme providing counseling to children.
Awards
The Bustamante Hospital for Children received the Senior Nursing Administration Award (SANG award) in 2012. This award constitutes the enactment and adherence of policies, professional conduct of the Nursing staff and overall operations of the Nursing department.
References
Hospital buildings completed in 1963
Buildings and structures in Kingston, Jamaica
Hospitals in Jamaica
"Like Whoa" is a song by American pop rock duo Aly & AJ, written and recorded by the duo for their second studio album, Insomniatic. It is the second and final single from the album, released in 2008. The single release in the UK was cancelled for unknown reasons. It was their final single to be released before departing from Hollywood Records. A re-recorded version of the song was released on May 2, 2022.
Song information and appearances
The song, along with "Bullseye", "Silence", and "Potential Breakup Song", were released to UK radio stations to promote Insomniatic, and "Like Whoa" later became the official next single. It was picked by a massive 95% of Disney voters.
"Like Whoa" is a song about the thrill feeling of being in a new relationship. The album version of the song was used in the Disney Channel Original Movie, Minutemen, and can also be heard playing during High School Musical 3: Senior Year. The remix of the song was made digitally available on March 18, 2008, on iTunes, alongside an acoustic version and interview. Aside from the release on iTunes, the song has only been played on Radio Disney stations throughout the United States during January and February. An acoustic version, performed on Radio Disney, is available on the "Like Whoa" EP released in March 2008. The song is also a playable track on Band Hero and The Smurfs Dance Party.
The song is written in the key of G♯ minor with a moderate tempo of 121 beats per minute.
Critical reception
The song received mainly positive comments on album reviews. UMusic describes the song: "Like Whoa" starts with soft cooing and transitions into a high energy danceable chorus."
Todd Sterling, from Wal-Mart, praises the song: ""Like Whoa," a penetrating, bass driven cut compares the sensation of falling in love with a rollercoaster ride. The song, lathered in slippery keyboard effects and programmed drums, is a melodically layered chunk of pop candy."
Logan Leasure, from Jesus Freak Hideout, named the song a "sure-to-be-hit" and describes it as "an upbeat, catchy song that gives a positive outlook on life."
Track listings and formats
iTunes EP
2-track US promo
Music video
On December 3, 2007, Aly & AJ announced, via a blog on their Myspace, that the video for "Like Whoa" would be shot during the same week. The girls also stated that they shot the video with director Scott Speer and that "it's very different from what we've already done". Pictures from the shoot of the music video had leaked onto the internet on December 15, 2007, showing them in four different sets, Aly jumping on the trampoline, both of them on a sofa and similar scenes with 1950s style microphones as in the music video of "Potential Breakup Song" amongst others.
The video premiered on YouTube on January 18, 2008. Disney Channel first aired the music video with footage of the original movie, Minutemen, on January 19, 2008 to promote the film. The video, without the footage from Minutemen and with new scenes, was released on January 31, 2008 on the Hollywood Records YouTube channel. When Aly & AJ were backstage at the Littlest Pet Shop event in 2008, a new version of the "Like Whoa" video, which combines scenes from both the previous two videos, and new scenes, premiered.
The video has been released to Canada's MuchMusic, Yahoo! and it also has been shown on MTV Asia, reaching number two on the Chart Attack. To date, the video has garnered, on combined Hollywood Record's account and Aly & AJ's account, over 28 million views.
Chart performance
As of February 27, 2008, the album version has logged over 558,084 digital downloads in the United States, reaching a peak position of number 63 on the Billboard Hot 100, enough to earn a Gold certification. The song also debuted at number 66 on the Canadian Hot 100, already peaking higher than preceding single "Potential Breakup Song" at number 72. Upon release of the remix version, the track re-entered the Hot 100 at number 92 after falling off the week before its release.
Charts
References
2007 songs
2008 singles
Aly & AJ songs
Music videos directed by Scott Speer
Synth-pop songs
Dance-pop songs
Songs written by Antonina Armato
Songs written by Tim James (musician)
Hollywood Records singles
Songs written by Aly Michalka
Songs written by AJ Michalka
The 1990 NCAA Division I Men's Soccer Tournament was the 31st organized men's college soccer tournament by the National Collegiate Athletic Association, to determine the top college soccer team in the United States. The UCLA Bruins won their second national title by defeating the Rutgers Scarlet Knights, 1–0, in the championship game, after four overtime periods and a penalty kick shootout. This was the first championship game decided by penalty kicks. The final match was played on December 2, 1990, in Tampa, Florida, at USF Soccer Stadium. All the other games were played at the home field of the higher seeded team.
Early rounds
Final
See also
NCAA Division II Men's Soccer Championship
NCAA Division III Men's Soccer Championship
NAIA Men's Soccer Championship
References
NCAA Division I Men's Soccer Tournament seasons
NCAA Division I Men's
Sports competitions in Tampa, Florida
NCAA Division I Men's Soccer
NCAA Division I Men's Soccer Tournament
Soccer in Florida
The 62nd Assembly District of Wisconsin is one of 99 districts in the Wisconsin State Assembly. Located in Southeastern Wisconsin, the district covers most of the north half of Racine County, including the villages of Caledonia, North Bay, Raymond, and Wind Point, and part of the north side of the city of Racine. The district also contains the historic Wind Point Lighthouse, the Frank Lloyd Wright-designed Wingspread complex, and the John H. Batten Airport. The district is represented by Republican Robert Wittke, since January 2019.
The 62nd Assembly District is located within Wisconsin's 21st Senate District, along with the 61st and 63rd Assembly Districts.
List of District Representatives
References
Wisconsin State Assembly districts
Racine County, Wisconsin
Rick Del Gado is an American radio personality and producer.
Career
Del Gado first gained prominence as the producer for the Opie and Anthony radio show from 1998 to 2002, when the show aired in afternoons on WNEW in New York City. He was fired after the show was cancelled following its controversial "Sex for Sam 3" segment, in which a couple were encouraged to engage in sexual activity in St. Patrick's Cathedral.
Following his departure from WNEW, Del Gado joined Preston & Steve on WPLY in Philadelphia. About a year later, he returned to New York City at WQHT in New York City. He was fired on January 31, 2005, along with comedian Todd Lynn, for writing, producing and broadcasting "The Tsunami Song", a parody of the 1985 hit single "We Are the World" which mocked the victims of the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami.
In June 2005, Del Gado was hired by KYLD/WILD in San Francisco to co-host and produce Strawberry in the Morning with "Strawberry" Eric Fielden and Fay Carmona.
In 2006, Del Gado accompanied former radio show guest and aspiring singer Gilbert Gonzalez Jr. to an American Idol audition. Creating a sign with Gonzalez's face that read "Gilbert stinks", Del Gado heckled him before and during the audition attempting to cause Gonzalez to fail. Gonzalez succeeded the preliminary rounds of the show regardless. Despite having been recently fired from the radio show that began reporting the progress of Gonzalez on the show, Del Gado still followed Gonzalez for his next round of American Idol.
In January 2007, Del Gado and Fielden became the hosts of The EF'R Show on KFRC in San Francisco until the station changed radio format in May 2007. Currently, Del Gado hosted Ugly American Radio on Inravio Radio. He currently hosts Elevated Radio.
References
American radio producers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
St. George Greek Orthodox Church is a Greek Orthodox church building in Asmara. It was established in 1903 by the Greek trader community.
References
Churches in Asmara
Greek Orthodox churches
Eastern Orthodoxy in Eritrea
Christian buildings and structures in Eritrea
Fatimah Salem A. Baeshen is a public figure, author, and founder of AuthenticFi, a creative platform she established to motivate and inspire others in navigating life. She consistently publishes on Medium and maintains a strong public presence, especially on social media, to disseminate life lessons across wider audiences based on her extensive professional background and personal growth. Her November 2020 post on "140 Life Lessons I Wish I Knew at 20" has further integrated public speaking, teaching, and writing into her career as it continues to gain traction among the broader public. On March 12, 2021, Baeshen officially published FSB140 into her first book, which serves as a paperback reference; dedicated to the classes of 2020, 2021, and 2022.
Her breakout public role came in 2017 when she served as spokeswoman for the Embassy of Saudi Arabia in Washington, D.C. from September 26, 2017, to January 23, 2019. Baeshen was the first woman to hold a spokesperson position in the Saudi Arabian government.
Early life and education
Fatimah is of Saudi heritage and was born in the United States in Charleston, South Carolina. She grew up in Oxford, Mississippi, moved to New England for college and then the Midwest. She received a Bachelor of Arts in sociology from the University of Massachusetts Amherst Commonwealth Honors College and a Master of Arts at the Center for Middle Eastern studies (focusing on Islamic finance) from the University of Chicago.
Career
She has lived and worked in New York, Abu Dhabi, Chicago, Amherst, MA, Dubai, Jeddah, Kuala Lumpur, Riyadh, and Washington, D.C. She worked extensively as a consultant and civil servant. Eventually, her career in development and international affairs intersected with her background in consulting and communications. In September 2017, Baeshen was appointed Spokesperson for the Embassy of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, in Washington, D.C. She was the first woman to hold a spokesperson post for the Saudi government. In addition to her creative endeavor, AuthenticFi; she is also the Founder and Principal of Quantum, a niche international affair advisory firm focused on facilitating socioeconomic progress.
Previously, she also held positions with and/or advised AON, the Islamic Development Bank, the World Bank, Emirates Foundation for Youth Development, the Chalhoub Group, the Olayan Group, the Saudi Ministry of Labor, the Saudi Ministry of Economy and Planning, as well as, the G20 Saudi Secretariat.
She has also been published in Arab News, Time, Al Arabiya and Islamic Finance News. She has appeared on outlets such as Fox Morning's with Maria, CBS, CNN, CGTN, BBC, ABC, PBS Newshour and MSNBC's The Point.
References
Living people
1981 births
People from Jeddah
University of Chicago alumni
Spokespersons
University of Massachusetts Amherst College of Social and Behavioral Sciences alumni
Consultants
Saudi Arabian expatriates in the United States
People from Oxford, Mississippi
21st-century Saudi Arabian writers
21st-century Saudi Arabian women writers
Montana Raceway Park is a closed motorsports facility located near Kalispell, Montana, in the state's Flathead Valley region. It features a 1/4-mile-long high-banked oval track paved with asphalt. Seating at the facility accommodates 4,000 spectators and parking areas can stage more than 100 race teams. The track announced in March 2020 that it would close for the entire 2020 season. In May 2020, the track announced that it would close permanently due to "constant vandalism, declining fan bases and support."
History
The racetrack opened on May 1, 1991, as Raceway Park. During its first year, the facility also carried the names Kalispell Raceway Park and Flathead Valley Raceway Park. Weekly auto races and specialty events are currently the main uses for the facility.
Drivers from the northwestern United States and Canada travel to Montana Raceway Park for the annual Coors Light Montana 200, a racing event hosted by the racetrack each year since the track opened. Typically, a field of approximately 40–50 drivers competes for the 24 positions available in the race, which has yielded more than $50,000 in prize money during past years.
Other racing at the track includes the NASCAR K&N Pro Series West, Canadian Super Truck Racing Series and local divisions of Super Late Models, Super Stocks, Bombers, Hobby Stocks, Hornets, Legends, and Bandoleros.
Beyond racing, the facility hosts other sports competitions and music performances. Foghat, Blue Öyster Cult, Eddie Money, and Alice Cooper have entertained crowds at the racetrack.
Charlotte Motor Speedway and racetrack manager Humpy Wheeler presented their 2007 Promoter of the Year award to the staff and management of Montana Raceway Park.
In March 2020, the track closed for the 2020 season due to the COVID-19 pandemic before releasing its schedule. The track released a statement in May 2020: "Through 30 years of racing as a cornerstone facility in the northwest there have been a lot of ups and downs. Today is the day where we announce that Montana Raceway Park will be closed permanently. This is not an easy decision like any decision where we know there will be heavy hearts but for the past few years there has been constant vandalism, declining fan bases and support. The COVID-19 crisis which has forced us to close our doors for the season will have an unsurvivable economic impact forcing our hand."
References
External links
Montana Raceway Park
Buildings and structures in Flathead County, Montana
Motorsport venues in Montana
NASCAR tracks
Tourist attractions in Flathead County, Montana
Kalispell, Montana
1991 establishments in Montana
Sports venues completed in 1991
2020 disestablishments in Montana
All four or All fours may refer to:
All fours (human position)
All Fours (card game), 17th-century game still played today that gave rise to the Fours family
A concept in commanding precedent
All Fours (album), by Bosse-de-Nage
On All Fours, album
The men's 84 kg (184.8 lbs) Light-Contact category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the fourth heaviest of the male Light-Contact tournaments falling between the light heavyweight and cruiserweight division when compared to Low-Kick and K-1 weight classes. There were nineteen men from three continents (Europe, Asia and Africa) taking part in the competition. Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Light-Contact rules.
As there were too few men for a thirty-two-man tournament, thirteen of the fighters got a bye through to the second round. The tournament winner was Murat Pukhaev from Russia who defeated the German Christian Albrecht in the final by unanimous decision to claim gold. Defeated semi finalists Jeno Novak from Hungary and Mariusz Niziolek from Poland gained bronze medals.
Results
Key
See also
List of WAKO Amateur World Championships
List of WAKO Amateur European Championships
List of male kickboxers
References
External links
WAKO World Association of Kickboxing Organizations Official Site
Kickboxing events at the WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade
2007 in kickboxing
Kickboxing in Serbia
United Nations Security Council Resolution 72, adopted on August 11, 1949, after receiving a report by the Acting United Nations Mediator in Palestine on the completion of his responsibilities the UN decided to pay tribute to the late Count Folke Bernadotte, the then current Acting Mediator Dr. Ralph J. Bunche and the Belgian, French, Swedish and American officers who served on the staff and as military observers in Palestine.
No vote was taken as the resolution was adopted.
See also
Arab–Israeli conflict
United Nations Security Council Resolution 73
List of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 1 to 100 (1946–1953)
References
Text of the Resolution at undocs.org
External links
0072
0072
August 1949 events
Phtheochroa sodaliana, the buckthorn conch, is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in most of Europe (except the Iberian Peninsula and part of the Balkan Peninsula) and in Russia (Uralsk) and Lebanon. The habitat consists of dry pastures, heathland and fens.
The wingspan is 14–17 mm. The ground colour of the wings is white with a red-brown apical spot and blackish and metallic-grey markings.
Adults have been recorded on wing from May to June.
The larvae feed on Rhamnus cathartica and Frangula alnus. They spin the berries together.
References
Moths described in 1811
Phtheochroa
Public holidays in the Congo could refer to:
Public holidays in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Public holidays in the Republic of the Congo
The All-China Federation of Trade Unions (ACFTU) is the national trade union center of the People's Republic of China. It is the largest trade union in the world with 302 million members in 1,713,000 primary trade union organizations. The ACFTU is divided into 31 regional federations and 10 national industrial unions. The ACFTU is the country's sole legally mandated trade union, with which all enterprise-level trade unions must be affiliated. There has been dispute over whether ACFTU is an independent trade union or even a trade union at all. It directs a public college, the China University of Labor Relations.
History
The Federation was officially founded on 1 May 1925, when the "Second National Labor Congress" of China convened in Canton with 277 delegates representing 540,000 workers, and adopted the Constitution of the All-China Federation of Trade Unions. Between 1922 and 1927, the organization flourished, as did the Chinese Communist Party's control over the trade union movement. The labor movement had grown enormously, particularly in the three industrial and commercial centers of Canton, Hong Kong, and Shanghai, but it also had some organizational success in other cities such as Wuhan. The ACFTU was restricted in 1927 by the newly established rule of the Nationalist regime under Chiang Kai-shek, who had ordered the execution of thousands of CPC cadres and their sympathizers as part of a crackdown on Communism. All Communist Party-led unions were banned and replaced with yellow unions loyal to him (e.g. the "Chinese Federation of Labor," which has since reformed into an independent union).
By the rise of Mao Zedong in 1949, the ACFTU was established as China's sole national labor union center, but was again dissolved in 1966 in the wake of the Cultural Revolution in favor of revolutionary committees. Following Mao's death in 1976, in October 1978 the ACFTU held its first congress since 1957. Since the early 1990s it has been regulated by the Trade Union Law of the People's Republic of China. According to a 2011 study during the period of rapid economic growth in China the ACFTU has prioritized the interests of business over the interests of labor and has lost legitimacy in the eyes of many laborers.
In 2018, the 17th National Congress of the All-China Federation of Trade Unions was held at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing. At the congress Union leadership faced pressure to stop acting as a bridge or mediator between workers and management and start acting as a genuine voice of the workers. This pressure arose both internally and was also applied by the Chinese Communist Party.
Lack of independence
The International Confederation of Free Trade Unions (now the International Trade Union Confederation) maintains the position that the ACFTU is not an independent union, stating in its policy: There are differing approaches among ICFTU affiliates and Global Union Federations concerning contacts with the ACFTU ranging from “no contacts” to “constructive dialog.” The ICFTU, noting that the ACFTU is not an independent trade union organization and, therefore, cannot be regarded as an authentic voice of Chinese workers, reaffirms its request to all affiliates and Global Union Federations having contacts with the Chinese authorities, including the ACFTU, to engage in critical dialog. This includes raising violations of fundamental workers' and trade union rights in any such meetings, especially concerning cases of detention of trade union and labor rights activists.
According to Charter of China Trade Union, which is passed by the 17th National Congress of China Trade Unions on 26 October 2018, "The China Trade Union is a mass organization of the working class led by the Chinese Communist Party and a voluntary union of employees. It is a bridge and link between the Chinese Communist Party and the masses of workers, an important social pillar of the state power, and a representative of the interests of its members and workers." " The China trade unions persist in consciously accepting the leadership of the Chinese Communist Party, shoulder the political responsibility of uniting and guiding the workers and the masses to listen to and follow the Communist Party of China, and consolidate and expand the class basis and mass basis of the Communist Party of China's governance."
ACFTU activist Guo Wencai has said that democratic elections were a key standard to measure the effectiveness of a trade union and noted that the practice of Chinese company chiefs "appointing union leaders or assigning someone from their human resources department to act as union leader hampers a trade union's independence and its ability to protect workers' rights."
Other labor activism in China
The ACFTU remains the country's only legally permissible trade union. Attempts to form trade unions independent of the ACFTU have been rare and short-lived. One notable example is the Beijing Workers' Autonomous Federation formed during the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests. Martial Law Command Headquarters issued a public notice declaring the BWAF an illegal organization and ordering it to disband on the grounds that Federation leaders were among "the main instigators and organizers in the capital of the counterrevolutionary rebellion."
The failure of the ACFTU to advocate for workers has led to an increase in wildcat strikes and other unauthorized labor action. Wildcat strikes are one of few options available to workers because the ACFTU refuses to authorize strikes no matter what the conditions are.
Member organizations
All-China Federation of Railway Workers' Unions
China University of Labor Relations
National Committee of the Chinese Agricultural, Forestry and Water Conservancy Workers' Union
National Committee of the Chinese Aviation Workers' Union
National Committee of the Chinese Banking Workers' Union
National Committee of the Chinese Defense Industry, Postal and Telecommunications Workers' Union
National Committee of the Chinese Educational, Scientific, Cultural, Medical and Sports Workers' Union
National Committee of the Chinese Energy and Chemical Workers' Union
National Committee of the Chinese Financial, Commercial, Light Industry, Textile and Tobacco Workers' Union
National Committee of the Chinese Machinery, Metallurgical and Building Material Workers' Union
National Committee of the Chinese Seamen and Construction Workers' Union
Regional affiliates
Hong Kong Federation of Trade Unions
Macau Federation of Trade Unions
List of chairmen
1st (May 1922 – May 1925)
Deng Zhongxia
2nd (May 1925 – May 1926)
Lin Weimin (ACFTU officially formed)
3rd (May 1926 – June 1927)
Su Zhaozheng
4th (June 1927 – November 1929)
Su Zhaozheng
5th (November 1929 – August 1948)
Xiang Ying
6th (August 1948 – May 1953)
Liu Shaoqi (honorary)
Chen Yun
7th (May 1953 – December 1957)
Liu Shaoqi (honorary)
Lai Ruoyu
8th (December 1957 – December 1966)
Lai Ruoyu (December 1957 – May 1958)
Liu Ningyi (August 1958 – December 1966)
9th (October 1978 – October 1983)
Ni Zhifu
10th (October 1983 – October 1988)
Ni Zhifu
11th (October 1988 – October 1993)
Ni Zhifu
12th (October 1993 – October 1998)
Wei Jianxing
13th (October 1998 – October 2003)
Wei Jianxing (October 1998 – December 2002)
Wang Zhaoguo (December 2002 – October 2003)
14th (October 2003 – October 2008)
Wang Zhaoguo
15th (October 2008 – October 2013)
Wang Zhaoguo (− March 2013)
Li Jianguo (March 2013 – October 2013)
16th (October 2013 – October 2018)
Li Jianguo (− March 2018)
Wang Dongming (March 2018 – October 2018)
17th (October 2018 –)
Wang Dongming
See also
Labor Contract Law of China
Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security of the People's Republic of China, previously the Ministry of Labor and Social Security
China Labour Bulletin
China Labor Watch
All-China Women's Federation
Communist Youth League of China
Young Pioneers of China
Chinese Peasants‘ Association
China Institute of Industrial Relations
References
External links
Workers' Daily (Gongren Ribao) Official newspaper of the ACFTU
The ILO in China
1925 establishments in China
Trade unions established in 1925
Organizations associated with the Chinese Communist Party
National federations of trade unions
Trade unions in China
The Tulsa Golden Hurricane softball team represents University of Tulsa in NCAA Division I college softball. The team participates in the American Athletic Conference. The Golden Hurricane are currently led by head coach Crissy Strimple. The team plays its home games at Collins Family Softball Complex located on the university's campus.
History
Coaching history
Championships
Conference Championships
Conference Tournament Championships
Coaching staff
Awards and honors
Conference awards
AAC Pitcher of the Year
Emily Watson, 2017
AAC Player of the Year
Julia Hollingsworth, 2019
AAC Defensive Player of the Year
Rylie Spell, 2018
AAC Rookie of the Year
Chenise Delce, 2019
References
American Athletic Conference softball
The Lordship of Stargard (German: Herrschaft Stargard, Stargarder Land or Land Stargard) was a county first set up in the 13th century as the terra Stargardiensis and first documented in the area of the border between Brandenburg, Pomerania and Mecklenburg.
See also
Mecklenburg-Stargard
Battle of Gransee, fought in 1316 between Mecklenburger and Brandenburger armies over rights to the Lordship.
External links
landesbibliographie-mv.de
History of Mecklenburg
Countships
13th century in the Holy Roman Empire
Former states and territories
Joe Terry (born May 7, 1965) is a retired United States professional American football Linebacker who played one season in the National Football League with the Seattle Seahawks in 1987.
References
1965 births
Living people
American football linebackers
Seattle Seahawks players
Sportspeople from Alameda County, California
Players of American football from California
People from Pleasanton, California
Cal State Hayward Pioneers football players
Sensory Overload is a first-person shooter video game developed and published by Reality Bytes for the Macintosh.
Gameplay
Sensory Overload is a game in which the player is a CIA agent who pretends to be a test subject to investigate a facility for medical research.
Reception
Next Generation reviewed the game, rating it three stars out of five, and called it "definitely worth checking out."
Reviews
Computer Gaming World
References
1994 video games
Classic macOS games
Classic Mac OS-only games
First-person shooters
Sprite-based first-person shooters
Spy video games
Video games developed in the United States
Downs Glacier is located in Shoshone National Forest, in the U.S. state of Wyoming on the east of the Continental Divide in the Wind River Range. The glacier is south of Downs Mountain and sits at an elevation of between . Downs Glacier is one of many glaciers found in the Fitzpatrick Wilderness, and is part of the largest grouping of glaciers in the American Rocky Mountains.
References
See also
List of glaciers in the United States
Glaciers of Fremont County, Wyoming
Shoshone National Forest
Glaciers of Wyoming
Honda Motorcycle and Scooter India, Private Limited (HMSI) is the wholly owned Indian subsidiary of Honda Motor Company, Limited, Japan. Founded in 1999, it was the fourth Honda automotive venture in India, after Kinetic Honda Motor Ltd (1984–1998), Hero Honda (1984–2011) and Honda Siel Cars India (1995–2012). HMSI was established in 1999 at Manesar, District Gurgaon, Haryana.
HMSI has four manufacturing locations at Manesar in Haryana, Tapukara in Rajasthan, Narsapura, Kolar in Karnataka and Vitthalapur of Ahmedabad district in Gujarat state.
Vehicles
Motorcycles
Honda Unicorn
Honda SP 125
Honda Shine
Honda Livo
Honda X Blade
Honda CD110 Dream DX
Honda Hornet 2.0
Honda Adventure 200x
CB350 RS
Hness CB350
CB300F
CB200X
Scooters
Dio
Activa-6G
Activa 125
Grazia
Forza
Sport bikes
GoldWing
CB1000R
CBR650R
CB650R
CBR1000RR
CB500x
Africa Twin
Discontinued
Scooters
Honda Eterno
Honda Aviator
Honda Cliq
Honda Navi
Honda Activa-i
Honda Activa (1st Generation)
Honda Activa (2nd Generation)
Honda Activa 3g
Honda Activa 4g
Honda Activa 5g
Motorcycles/Sports Bikes
Honda CB Trigger 150
Honda CB Unicorn Dazzler 150
Honda CB Twister 110
Honda CBF Stunner 125
Honda Hornet 160r
Honda CBR 150R
Honda CBR 250R
Honda CBR 650F
Honda Dream Yuga
Honda Stunner
Honda Dream Neo
Honda CB Unicorn 160
Honda CB Shine SP
ISO 14001
HMSI got ISO 14001 certification in December 2002. HMSI plans to use the PDCA cycle for its environmental management system.
References
External links
Honda
Vehicle manufacturing companies established in 1999
Motorcycle manufacturers of India
Scooter manufacturers
Indian subsidiaries of foreign companies
Indian companies established in 1999
Martin Cooke was a master butcher who became the Mayor of Hoboken, New Jersey, serving from 1912 to 1915.
Biography
He was born in 1872. He married Helen Shugrue and had a son, Martin W. Cooke.
He had served as the Fire Commissioner of Hoboken, Tax Commissioner of Hoboken and member of the Tax Appeals Board, and was a Hudson County Freeholder in 1910. In August 1912, a crowbar dropped by a workman working at the Old Court House, narrowly missed striking the mayor. He was Mayor of Hoboken, New Jersey from 1912 to 1915.
Starting in 1932 he was custodian of the Hudson County Court House.
He died on July 31, 1944 in Hoboken, New Jersey.
References
1872 births
1944 deaths
Mayors of Hoboken, New Jersey
Dr. Dilip Kumar Jaiswal (born 2 May 1963) is an Indian politician belonging to the Bharatiya Janata Party. He is a member of the Bihar Legislative Council and is contested the 2014 Lok Sabha election from Kishanganj. Jaiswal is the current deputy whip of ruling party in Bihar Legislative Council.
He is also the director of Mata Gujri Memorial Medical College, Kishanganj affiliated to Mata Gujri University.
References
Members of the Bihar Legislative Council
National Democratic Alliance candidates in the 2014 Indian general election
People from Kishanganj district
1963 births
Living people
Bharatiya Janata Party politicians from Bihar
One Raffles Link (Chinese: 莱佛士连道一号) is an office building located at Marina Centre, Singapore, next to Esplanade MRT station. The building is six storeys high with a basement and is managed by Hongkong Land. Completed in 2000, it was jointly designed by world-renowned architect, Kohn Pedersen Fox and Aedas LPT Architects. The development costs S$340 million and is a Grade A office building. VISA, Credit Suisse, Goldman Sachs and Citibank are major tenants of the building. Built on an elongated slip of land, the building offers the largest columnless floor-plates in the city. The development includes CityLink Mall, Singapore's first subterranean mall, which links One Raffles Link with the City Hall MRT station, Raffles City, Marina Square, Suntec City and the Esplanade.
External links
Hongkong Land's profile on One Raffles Link
2000 establishments in Singapore
Office buildings in Singapore
Downtown Core (Singapore)
Marina Centre
Kohn Pedersen Fox buildings
Office buildings completed in 2000
Dan Kennedy is an American writer, and an original developer of The Moth storytelling podcast in New York.
Biography
Kennedy's writing first gained attention at the McSweeney's literary website and quarterly journal. He started performing on stage with New York-based storytelling collective The Moth in 2000, going on to become a regular host of the popular live events and instrumental in developing and releasing The Moth podcast. In 2018, Wired Magazine celebrated the 10th anniversary of the podcast in a profile outlining its rise from two thousand subscribers to forty-six million downloads per year. In 2019, the podcast was downloaded 71 million times. In 2022, Kennedy discussed the creation of The Moth Podcast in Episode #773.
In 2021 Kennedy served as Consultant on the NBC Peacock Original Series "True Story with Ed and Randall". He began writing in television and film in 2015, working on assignments at Paramount, Amblin, and Amazon Studios and has sat on the judging committees of the PEN America Jean Stein Grant for Literary Oral History, and the Writers Guild of America East "Made in New York" Fellowship Program.
In 2003 Kennedy published his first *book, Loser Goes First: My Thirty-Something Years of Dumb Luck and Minor Humiliation, with Random House. A memoir followed in 2008 entitled Rock On: An Office Power Ballad, which the New York Times described as "...a succession of gently mordant vignettes, with hilariously spot-on asides about media image-making". He discussed the book, and his time working for Atlantic Records in New York, with Terry Gross on NPR's "Fresh Air". Kennedy's debut novel American Spirit was released in 2013, receiving the coveted starred review from Publishers Weekly, which heralded the book as having, "...far surpassed the creation of character and conjured an entity so alive in its knowledge of impending death that we're captured in a new idea of what it's like to live." Kennedy's work has appeared in GQ Magazine and on the Peabody Award winning Moth Radio Hour, and has been published in multiple literary anthologies in Europe and the United States.
*There should be no confusion between his published works and certain/any non-fiction Sales and Marketing, Advertising, or financial advice books or articles, as he has authored none, is not referenced in any such works, does not in any way endorse said works, and claims no legal responsibility for the advice given therein.
Bibliography
Books
Loser Goes First: My Thirty-Something Years of Dumb Luck and Minor Humiliation (Random House/Crown, 2003)
Rock On: An Office Power Balled (Algonquin, 2008)
American Spirit: A Novel (Houghton Mifflin Harcourt/Littla a, 2013)
Selected anthologies
Embrace the Merciless Joy: The McSweeney's Guide to Rearing Small, Medium, and Large Children (2023) Edited by Chris Monks, Jennifer Traig
How to Tell a Story: The Essential Guide to Memorable Storytelling from The Moth, by The Moth (2022)
The Moth Presents: Occasional Magic. True Stories About Defying the Impossible, edited by Catherine Burns (2019)
Keep Scrolling Till You Feel Something: 21 Years of Humor from McSweeney's Internet Tendency (2019) edited by Chris Monks, Sam Riley
McSweeney's Issue 50 (McSweeney's Quarterly Concern) (2017), edited by Dave Eggers
Created in Darkness by Troubled Americans: The Best of McSweeney's Humor, Editors Dave Eggers, Kevin Shay, Lee Epstein, John Warner, Suzanne Kleid
Our Noise: The Story of Merge Records, by John Cook, Mac McCaughan, Laura Ballance, Ray Porter
Humor Me: An Anthology of Funny Contemporary Writing (Plus Some Great Old Stuff Too), edited by Ian Frazier
Bookmark Now: Writing in Unreaderly Times, Edited by Kevin Sampsell
The Encyclopedia of Exes, Edited by Meredith Broussard
The Autobiographer's Handbook: The 826 National Guide to Writing Your Memoir, edited by Jennifer Traig
McSweeney's Issue 35 (McSweeney's Quarterly Concern), edited by Dave Eggers
The McSweeney's Book of Politics and Musicals, by the Editors of McSweeney's
The Insomniac Reader: Stories of the Night, Edited by Kevin Sampsell
The Best of McSweeney's Internet Tendency, Edited by Chris Monks, John Warner
Love Is a Four-Letter Word: True Stories of Breakups, Bad Relationships, and Broken Hearts, Edited by Michael Taeckens
Mountain Man Dance Moves: The McSweeney's Book of Lists, by the Editors of McSweeney's
References
External links
Dan Kennedy interview on NPR's Fresh Air
Dan Kennedy interview on NPR's Weekend Edition
Dan Kennedy on NPR's Ask Me Another
Bullseye with Jesse Thorn: Christopher Guest, Vampire Weekend, Dan Kennedy.
Archived work with The Moth
Archived work with McSweeney's
American male writers
American men podcasters
American podcasters
American humorists
American screenwriters
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Giorgi Kurdgelashvili (born 7 January 1975) is a Moldovan judoka.
He competed in the Judo at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Men's 60 kg event at the 2000 Summer Olympics, but was eliminated in the quarterfinals by Manolo Poulot and in the repechage by Aidyn Smagulov, both eventual bronze medalists. The same year Kurdgelashvili won one World Cup event, the Dutch Grand Prix.
References
1975 births
Living people
Moldovan male judoka
Judoka at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Olympic judoka of Moldova
Naturalised citizens of Moldova
Skinner's is a British brewery founded in 1997 by Steve Skinner in Truro, Cornwall, England, UK.
The company produces cask ales and bottled beers, the names of which often come from Cornish folklore. Several ales have a connection to surfing culture, such as Skin Dog Cornish lager, which is named after the owner's son, Ben "Skindog" Skinner who is a surfer. Several beers have won Campaign for Real Ale (CAMRA) and SIBA awards. The company's pub, the Skinner's Ale House in Newquay, was sold, and is now called Leadbelly's. Skinners' new pub, "The Old Ale House" in Truro, serves their own ales, regular guest beers and ciders.
In 2010–11 the company closed two of its sites at Chacewater and Devoran after purchasing a 10,000 square feet site next to its headquarters for storage and distribution.
On 30th September 2022 the company announced via social media that it would enter administration from 3rd October 2022.
Beers
Skinner's Brewery cask ale range includes:
Skinner's range of seasonal ales include:
Past seasonal and speciality ales include:
Poppy Ale (4.2%)
Mousehole Moonshine (4.3%)
Pint of Two-Halves (4.6%)
Riggin' Ale (4.5%)
Royal Wave (4.4%)
Sennen (3.8%)
New Year's Resolution (5.5%)
See also
List of breweries in England
References
Companies based in Cornwall
Cornish cuisine
Breweries in England
British companies established in 1997
Food and drink companies established in 1997
1997 establishments in England
Truro
Lamers () is a Dutch / Low Franconian patronymic surname, from the now rare given name Lamert, a local form of Lambert. Among variant spellings are Laamers and Laemers. People with the surname include:
(1834–1903), Dutch theologian
Ine Lamers (born 1954), Dutch photographer and video installation artist
Karl A. Lamers (born 1951), German CDU politician, NATO Parliamentary Assembly president 2010–12
(1935–2022), German CDU politician
(born 1964), Dutch painter and photographer
Loiza Lamers (born 1995), Dutch model
Martin Laamers (born 1967), Dutch football midfielder
Rolf Lamers (1927–2016), German middle-distance runner
See also
Lamer (surname)
Lamer, internet pejorative
Lammers, surname of a similar origin
References
Dutch-language surnames
Patronymic surnames
The terms dance technology and Dance and Technology refer to application of modern information technology in activities related to dance: in dance education, choreography, performance, and research.
Dance education
In education, dance technology includes various advanced media, such as video, interactive computer programs and internet., as well as training in the use of modern technologies for dance creation.
Dance design
Dance recording and computer choreography
One of the earliest uses of computers for dance were carried out in the 1960s at the University of Pittsburgh, where the choreographic process was codified and manipulated by computer, although the results were not published.
In the 1970s there were several attempts to computerize the Labanotation and later the Benesh notation. These attempts naturally evolved into attempts to translate the symbolic notations into computer models of the moving human body and further to computer-assisted creation of choreographies.
Dance performance
Dance technology allows for innovative art forms, such as collaborative network performances and The Dance Technology Project, Atlanta Ballet and Georgia Institute of Technology, with its first performance, "Non Sequitur,? of a ballerina dancing with a computer animated "virtual" dancer was shown on CNN's Future Watch program, May 1994.
Virtual dance allows the exploration of physical and virtual dance and blended realities. The first ballet company to perform in a virtual environment was Ballet Pixelle. Inarra Saarinen is the artistic director and choreographer who creates animations, imports them into the virtual reality environment Second Life, and then choreographs using the animations. The avatar dancers are from all over the globe and are not automated in any way but truly dance with each other and the music. Her company began in 2006 and is still performing. Other companies, ZeroG Skydancers, director DC Spensley (Dancoyote Antonelli), also established in 2006 and also still performing.
Integration of live dance performance with dance environment (sound, lighting) was pioneered by Mark Coniglio, whose 1989 MidiDancer measured the angular change at several joints on the dancer's body and used the measurements to control music.
Artists
Merce Cunningham
DC Spensley
Susan Kozel
Suguru Goto
Marlon Barrios Solano
John D. Mitchell
Bebe Miller
Troika Ranch
Chunky Move
NobleMotion Dance
Palindrome
Jamie Jewett
Boris Willis
Julie Cruse
Arthur Elsenaar
Ashley Friend
Johannes Birringer
Lucia Valentin
Tim Glenn
Yacov Sharir
Nic Sandiland
Kate Sicchio
Inarra Saarinen
Eric Dunlap
Gibson/Martelli (Igloo)
Todd Winkler
Joumana Mourad (IJAD Dance Company)
Research
IDAT
Exploration of innovative approaches to harness modern technologies in dance has been reported at the International Dance and Technology Conference. It was held at the following locations:" Computer Nerds Meet Tutus: A Pas de Deux for Dancers and Technology", The New York Times, March 3, 1999
The University of Wisconsin, Madison, 1992
Simon Fraser University, British Columbia, Canada, 1993
York University, Toronto, Canada, 1995 (Proceedings: )
Arizona State University in Tempe, Arizona, 1999.
See also
Digital theatre
References
Further readingiDance, by Emily Macel, Dance Magazine'', December 2007.
External links
Archival footage of a PillowTalk about using modern technology as a medium to transmit modern dance to the public which took place at Jacob's Pillow Dance Festival, 7/23/2011.
Archival footage of Bebe Miller discussing her approach to using Motion Capture technology within her choreography at a PillowTalk at Jacob's Pillow Dance Festival on August 23, 2007.
Archival footage of Philip Szporer and Marlene Millar discussing 3D dance film in PillowTalk: Canadian Dance on Film at Jacob's Pillow, 7/3/2010
Dance research
Technology
Melnica is a former village in Municipality of Prilep, North Macedonia. There are no traces of the village today
References
Villages in Prilep Municipality
3-Ethyl-3-pentanol, also known as 3-ethylpentan-3-ol, is a tertiary alcohol with the molecular formula C7H16O.
References
Alkanols
Tertiary alcohols
|}
This is a list of House of Assembly results for the 1922 Tasmanian election.
Results by division
Bass
Darwin
Denison
Franklin
Wilmot
See also
1922 Tasmanian state election
Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1922–1925
Candidates of the 1922 Tasmanian state election
References
Results of Tasmanian elections
1922 elections in Australia
BT-3 may refer to:
BT-3, a type of BT tank Soviet light tank
Brabham BT3, a Formula One racing car
BT3, a BT postcode area for Belfast
See also
Dragon Ball Z: Budokai Tenkaichi#Dragon Ball Z: Budokai Tenkaichi 3 (2007)
Alone in Berlin is a 2016 war drama film which was directed by Vincent Pérez and written by Pérez and Achim von Borries. It is based on the 1947 fictionalised true story Every Man Dies Alone, by Hans Fallada. The novel's characters Otto and Anna Quangel are based on Otto and Elise Hampel. When their son dies in France, the couple start writing postcards to urge people to protest against Adolf Hitler and the Nazi regime. The film stars Emma Thompson, Brendan Gleeson, Daniel Brühl, and Mikael Persbrandt. Principal photography began on 27 March 2015 in Berlin. It was selected to compete for the Golden Bear at the 66th Berlin International Film Festival.
Plot
In 1940, a working-class couple in World War II-era Berlin, Otto and Anna Quangel, decide to resist Adolf Hitler and the Nazis after receiving news of the death of their only son. Their growing resistance to the regime is also strengthened by the fate of an old Jewish woman living in their building. Although the official deportation of Jews to death camps had not yet started, Jews have no recourse to any legal protection. Ruthless Nazis — and "non-ideological" common criminals — use the opportunity to loot the old woman's apartment with impunity. Despite the efforts of the Quangels and other kind neighbors to help her, the persecution ends with the old woman jumping to her death from a high window.
The couple starts writing postcards to urge people to stand against Hitler and the Nazis and protest against them by furtively placing the cards in public places - a capital crime. Their first card reads: "Mother, Hitler Killed My Son. He Will Kill Your Son Too". At first, Otto wants to do it all by himself, warning Anna, "They hang women, too!" She, however, insists on taking part in this dangerous activity. While in the beginning of the film the couple's marriage seems to have dried up and they are unable to console each other for the loss of their son, their shared risk and commitment brings them closer. In effect, they fall in love with each other again.
Gestapo inspector Escherich is charged with finding the source of the postcards. He is a professional police detective acting out of career pride rather than Nazi ideology. During three years of painstakingly gathering clues about the "Hobgoblin" (as he calls the mysterious writer of the postcards), Escherich develops an increasing respect for this elusive unknown opponent. Because of his lack of progress, Escherich is beaten up by the obviously impatient SS senior officer and forced to summarily execute a man whom he is certain has no connection with these subversive postcards.
After some postcards accidentally fall from Otto's pocket at work, he is exposed and arrested. He remains stoic about the certain death sentence awaiting him and tries in vain to take all the blame on himself and save Anna. After the couple have been executed, Escherich is alone in his office. He gathers up the couple's hundreds of postcards, scatters them from the open window of the police headquarters, and then shoots himself. The film ends with the image of the postcards swirling in the wind, falling down on the Berlin streets and being picked up by passersby.
Cast
Emma Thompson as Anna Quangel
Brendan Gleeson as Otto Quangel
Daniel Brühl as Inspector Escherich
Mikael Persbrandt as Standartenführer Prall
Monique Chaumette as Frau Rosenthal
Joachim Bissmeier as Herr Fromm
Lars Rudolph as Enno Kluge
Louis Hofmann as Hans Quangel
Godehard Giese as Colonel Krüger
Jacob Matschenz as Dietrich Necker
Katharina Schüttler as Claire Gehrich
Production
Hans Fallada's Every Man Dies Alone was published posthumously in German in 1947 and was praised by Primo Levi, writer and survivor of Auschwitz, as "the greatest book ever written about German resistance to the Nazis". It was previously adapted as Alfred Vohrer's Everyone Dies Alone in 1975, along with
West and East German made-for-television dramas in 1962 and 1970.
Marco Pacchioni and Vincent Pérez bought the rights to the novel in 2007. Upon publication of its English translation in 2009, it became a "surprise bestseller" in both the United States and United Kingdom.
On 14 May 2014, it was announced that Pérez would direct the film based on an adaptation he cowrote with Achim von Borries. Emma Thompson, Mark Rylance, and Daniel Brühl were named for the principal roles. It was produced by X-Filme's Stefan Arndt and Uwe Schott (German rights), Master Movies' Marco Pacchioni (French rights) and Filmwave's Christian Grass and Paul Trijbits, and James Schamus. On 26 March 2015, Rylance was replaced by Brendan Gleeson.
Other crew members included cinematographer Christophe Beaucarne, production designer Jean-Vincent Puzos, and editor François Gédigier. Alison Thompson handled most foreign sales for the film through her Sunray Films, although Pathé released it in French-speaking areas.
The director dedicated the film "in memory of Otto and Elise Hampel guillotined for having written and circulated cards against the Nazi regime between 1940 and 1943."
Filming
Principal photography on the film began on 27 March 2015 in Berlin. It was also shot in Cologne and Görlitz.
Reception
Alone in Berlin was first screened at the Berlin Film Festival in February 2016. Tara Brady of The Irish Times wrote:
"Despite a terrific triumvirate of performances from Gleeson, Thompson, and Brühl, and soft lensing from cinematographer Christophe Beaucarne, Alone in Berlin is hampered by stodgy pacing, budgetary constraints, and drab interiors. Against this, the film offers a fascinating and timely blueprint for political dissent, a methodology that connects with pamphleteering, graffiti, and memes."In The Guardian, Peter Bradshaw wrote, "More than once, 'Alone in Berlin' reminded me of Fritz Lang's M." Review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes gives the film an approval rating of based on reviews from critics, with an average rating of . The film received a score of 52 on the critical aggregator website Metacritic, indicating "mixed or average reviews".
See also
Everyone Dies Alone (1962 West German film; )
(1970 East German miniseries)
References
External links
2016 films
Films based on German novels
Films based on non-fiction books
German war drama films
World War II films based on actual events
Films about Nazi Germany
Drama films based on actual events
Films set in 1940
British remakes of German films
French war drama films
British war drama films
Films directed by Vincent Pérez
Films produced by James Schamus
Films scored by Alexandre Desplat
Pathé films
Films about the German Resistance
English-language French films
English-language German films
British World War II films
German World War II films
French World War II films
2010s English-language films
2010s British films
2010s French films
2010s German films
The 2004 United States presidential election in Connecticut took place on November 2, 2004, and was part of the 2004 United States presidential election. Voters chose seven representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for president and vice president.
Connecticut was won by Democratic nominee John Kerry by a margin of 10.4%. Prior to the election, all 12 news organizations considered this a state Kerry would win, or otherwise considered as a safe blue state. In presidential elections, Connecticut is usually expected to fall into the Democrats' electoral vote column, as no Republican has won the state since Bush's father George H. W. Bush in 1988. Although Connecticut was the birth state of George W. Bush, and the Bush family does have a house in the state, Connecticut was never considered competitive in 2004. This is the only election since 1876 that the Republican nominee won the popular vote without winning the state.
As of 2020, this was the most recent presidential election in which the Republican nominee carried the towns of Bethel, Cheshire, and Madison. As of 2020, this is the most recent election where Connecticut voted more Democratic than California and Hawaii. Bush became the first ever Republican to win without carrying the towns of Redding and Simsbury, the first to win without winning the town of Essex since that town was founded in 1852, the first to win without the town of Lyme since 1872, and the first to win without the town of Roxbury since 1904
Primaries
2004 Connecticut Democratic presidential primary
Campaign
Predictions
There were 12 news organizations who made state-by-state predictions of the election. Here are their last predictions before election day.
D.C. Political Report: Solid Democrat
Associated Press: Solid Kerry
CNN: Kerry
Cook Political Report: Solid Democrat
Newsweek: Solid Kerry
New York Times: Solid Kerry
Rasmussen Reports: Kerry
Research 2000: Solid Kerry
Washington Post: Kerry
Washington Times: Solid Kerry
Zogby International: Kerry
Washington Dispatch: Kerry
Polling
Kerry won every single pre-election poll. The final 3 polls averaged Kerry leading 52% to 42% for Bush and 2% for Nader.
Fundraising
Bush raised $4,256,438. Kerry raised $4,195,038.
Advertising and visits
Neither campaign visited or advertised in this state during the fall campaign.
Analysis
All counties but Litchfield County and congressional districts went Democratic. Litchfield County is regarded as the most conservative county in the state, along with adjacent Fairfield County to the south, although this county does tend to vote majority Democratic. Hartford County, Middlesex County, New Haven County, and New London County each are regarded as the most loyally democratic counties in Connecticut. The Republican Party's last presidential victory in Connecticut was during the 1988 election of George H. W. Bush. However, Kerry's victory in Connecticut was not as large as Al Gore's lead in 2000, when the then-vice president won the state by 17.47% percent and a majority of all the state's counties. However, in 2000 Gore's running mate was Connecticut Senator Joe Lieberman.
George W. Bush lost Connecticut decisively even though he was born in New Haven and is part of a family that has been a political dynasty in Connecticut for much of the 20th century. Despite his family background, as a presidential candidate Bush was considered a Texan and largely perceived as a Southern candidate, and consequently he had little appeal to voters in Northeastern states like Connecticut.
Results
By county
Counties that flipped from Democratic to Republican
Litchfield (the largest municipality: Torrington)
By congressional district
Kerry won all 5 congressional districts, including three held by Republicans.
Electors
Technically the voters of Connecticut cast their ballots for electors: representatives to the Electoral College. Connecticut is allocated 7 electors because it has 5 congressional districts and 2 senators. All candidates who appear on the ballot or qualify to receive write-in votes must submit a list of 9 electors, who pledge to vote for their candidate and his or her running mate. Whoever wins the majority of votes in the state is awarded all 7 electoral votes. Their chosen electors then vote for president and vice president. Although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate, they are not obligated to vote for them. An elector who votes for someone other than his or her candidate is known as a faithless elector.
The electors of each state and the District of Columbia met on December 13, 2004, to cast their votes for president and vice president. The Electoral College itself never meets as one body. Instead the electors from each state and the District of Columbia met in their respective capitols.
The following were the members of the Electoral College from Connecticut. All were pledged to John Kerry and John Edwards:
Elizabeth O'Neill
Andrea J. Jackson-Brooks
Donna King
Larry Pleasant
David J. Papandrea
Andres Ayala
Joshua King
See also
United States presidential elections in Connecticut
References
External links
US Election Atlas, by David Leip
Detailed results by Town, on Boston Globe's site
Connecticut
2004
Presidential
Henock Trouillot (1923–1988) was a Haitian historian, playwright, and novelist. He wrote historical and sociological books, such as:
Historiographie d'Haïti (1954)
La Condition des Nègres Domestiques à Saint-Domingue (1955)
Economie et Finances de Saint-Domingue (1965)
La Vengeance du Mapou (1967)
Le Gouvernement du Roi Henri Christophe (1974)
He was the uncle of Michel-Rolph Trouillot, the anthropologist and historical theorist.
References
1923 births
1988 deaths
20th-century Haitian historians
Haitian male writers
20th-century male writers
Henock
Tillandsia setacea, the southern needleleaf, is a species in the genus Tillandsia. It has a scattered, disjunct distribution in the southeastern United States (Florida, Georgia), northwestern and southern Mexico (Jalisco, Sinaloa, Nayarit, Chiapas, Oaxaca, Campeche), Guatemala, the West Indies (Cayman Islands, Cuba, Hispaniola, Jamaica, Puerto Rico) and the State of Pará in northeastern Brazil.
Cultivars
Tillandsia 'But'
References
setacea
Flora of Mexico
Flora of the Southeastern United States
Flora of the Caribbean
Flora of Guatemala
Flora of Brazil
Plants described in 1797
Taxa named by Olof Swartz
Citrobacter europaeus is a bacterium from the genus of Citrobacter which has been isolated from human feces in Réunion in France.
References
External links
Type strain of Citrobacter europaeus at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
Bacteria described in 2017
europaeus
Thurlow "Tad" Weed (January 18, 1933November 7, 2006) was the placekicker for the Ohio State Buckeyes, a college level American football team that won the national championship in 1954. Weed, 145 pounds, made 24 of 26 extra point attempts and one field goal in a 10-0 title run that included a 20-7 win over USC in the Rose Bowl.
After college, Weed spent one year in the National Football League, where he was three of six in field goal attempts and 12 of 12 in extra point attempts for the Pittsburgh Steelers. The following year, Pittsburgh selected Gary Glick out of Colorado State with the first pick of the 1956 NFL draft. Glick became the Steelers' placekicker, as well as a starting defensive back, and Weed's professional career was over.
In the early 1970s, Weed invented the WEED tennis racquet. The racquet's 135-square-inch hitting area was the largest allowed under the rules of tennis.
In later years, Weed suffered from a nerve disorder that took away the use of his legs. He died on November 7, 2006, in Columbus Riverside Hospital from a blood disorder.
Prior to attending Ohio State, Weed played for Grandview Heights High School.
References
External links
Weed Tennis Racquets
1933 births
2006 deaths
Players of American football from Columbus, Ohio
American football placekickers
Ohio State Buckeyes football players
Pittsburgh Steelers players
Deaths from blood disease
20th-century American inventors
The Italicus Express massacre () was a terrorist bombing in Italy on a train of the public rail network.
During the early hours of 4 August 1974, the bomb attack killed 12 people and wounded 48. Responsibility was claimed by the neo-fascist terrorist organization Ordine Nero.
Bombing
The Italicus Express was a night train of the Ferrovie dello Stato on which, during the early hours of 4 August 1974, a bomb exploded, killing 12 people and injuring 48. The train was traveling from Rome to Munich; having left Florence about 45 minutes earlier, it was approaching the end of the long San Benedetto Val di Sambro tunnel under the Apennines. The bomb had been placed in the fifth passenger car of the train and exploded at 01:23. Under its own momentum, the train reached the end of the tunnel. The effects of the explosion and subsequent fire would have been even more terrible had the train remained inside the confined space of the tunnel. Former Prime Minister of Italy Aldo Moro had been on the train on 3 August but disembarked before the train left Rome.
List of victims
Elena Donatini
Nicola Buffi
Herbert Kotriner
Nunzio Russo
Maria Santina Carraro
Marco Russo
Tsugufumi Fukuda
Antidio Medaglia
Elena Celli
Raffaella Garosi
Wìlhelmus Jacobus Hanema
Silver Sirotti
Claim of responsibility
The following day, the fascist terrorist group Ordine Nero (Black Order) issued this statement:
We took revenge for Giancarlo Esposti. We wanted to show the nation that we can place a bomb anywhere we want, whenever and however we please. Let us see in autumn; we will drown democracy under a mountain of corpses.
According to Novopress, Giancarlo Esposti was killed on 30 May 1974, two days after the Piazza della Loggia bombing.
Investigation
Aurelio Fianchini, a leftist militant who had just escaped from prison, told the press that the bomb was placed in the Italicus Express by Mario Tuti's subversive commando unit: Piero Malentacchi (who had planted the explosive at the Firenze Santa Maria Novella railway station), Luciano Franci and Margherita Luddi. They received the order from the Italian fascist terrorist organizations Fronte Nazionale Rivoluzionario ("revolutionary national front") and Ordine Nuovo.
At the time, police and intelligence knew that Tuti was a subversive. A few months after the Italicus bombing, a woman declared to judge Mario Marsili—son-in-law of Licio Gelli of the Masonic lodge Propaganda Due—that the author of the massacre was Tuti. Charges were soon filed by the magistrate, but the woman was interned in a mental hospital as a mythomaniac.
Trials
On 24 January 1975 Mario Tuti escaped from arrest by killing police sergeant Leonardo Falco and corporal Giovanni Ceravolo, and seriously injuring corporal Arturo Rocca. He fled to Ajaccio, Corsica and then relocated to the French Riviera. On 16 May 1975, he was convicted and sentenced to life imprisonment in absentia, which was confirmed on 30 November 1976 in the final sentence. On 27 July, Tuti was arrested by French police after a bloody confrontation in Saint-Raphaël, and was extradited to Italy for trial. Tuti was sentenced to a 20-year prison term for two bomb attacks that had occurred on 31 December 1974 and in January 1975, illegal possession of explosives and firearms and for promoting and organizing the reconstruction of the Fascist Party.
Main stages of the Italicus massacre's trial:
20 July 1983: Luciano Franci, Piero Malentacchi, Margherita Luddi and Tuti are acquitted for lack of evidence; Francesco Sgrò (janitor at the University of Rome) is convicted of slander.
18 December 1986: Franci and Tuti are sentenced to life imprisonment; Malentacchi and Luddi are acquitted for lack of evidence; Sgrò is again convicted of slander.
16 December 1987: The Court of Cassation declares the appeal process must be redone.
4 April 1991: Franci and Tuti are acquitted for lack of evidence; Malentacchi and Luddi are acquitted at the request of the public prosecutor.
24 March 1992: The final judgment of the Court of Cassation confirms the acquittals of Franci and Tuti.
See also
List of right-wing terrorist attacks
Anni di piombo ("years of lead")
Bologna massacre
Giorgio Bocca, author of "Gli anni del terrorismo"
La notte della Repubblica (TV programme)
List of massacres in Italy
List of terrorist incidents involving railway systems
List of terrorist incidents, 1974
Piazza della Loggia bombing
Terrorism in Italy
Train 904 bombing
U.S. Army Field Manual 30-31B
References
1974 murders in Italy
20th century in Emilia-Romagna
20th-century mass murder in Italy
August 1974 crimes
August 1974 events in Europe
Crime in Emilia-Romagna
Improvised explosive device bombings in 1974
Improvised explosive device bombings in Italy
Mass murder in 1974
Massacres in Italy
Metropolitan City of Bologna
Neo-fascist attacks in Italy
Railway accidents and incidents in Italy
Terrorist incidents in Italy in 1974
Train bombings in Europe
Years of Lead (Italy)
Kopyłów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Horodło, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately west of Horodło, north-east of Hrubieszów, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
The National Front of Independents for Understanding is a minor political party in Algeria. In the 17 May 2007 People's National Assembly elections, the party won 1.96% of the vote and 3 out of 389 seats.
References
Political parties in Algeria
Nowe Moczydła is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Batorz, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Janów Lubelski County
David Roy Shackleton Bailey FBA (10 December 1917 – 28 November 2005) was a British scholar of Latin literature (particularly in the field of textual criticism) who spent his academic life teaching at the University of Cambridge, the University of Michigan, and Harvard. He is best known for his work on Horace (editing his complete works for the Teubner series), and Cicero, especially his commentaries and translations of Cicero's letters.
Academic career
Shackleton Bailey was the youngest of four children born to John Henry Shackleton Bailey and Rosmund Maud (née Giles). After being educated at Lancaster Royal Grammar School, where his mathematician father was headmaster, Shackleton Bailey read first Classics and then Oriental Studies at Gonville & Caius College, Cambridge, before spending the years of the Second World War at Bletchley Park, the home of the British code-breaking efforts. He returned to Caius as a fellow in 1944, and in 1948 obtained a lectureship in Tibetan at Cambridge University. In 1955 he migrated to Jesus College, Cambridge, where, as Director of Studies in Classics, he began publishing the long series of books and articles on Latin authors that would occupy the rest of his life. He spent four more years at Caius from 1964 to 1968, this time serving as Bursar and Senior Bursar. This time, his move was reputedly because Sir Denys Page, Master of Jesus, refused to allow Shack (as he was commonly known) to have a cat-flap installed in his ancient oak door. In 1968 he crossed the Atlantic, specifically to the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor; and in 1976 he moved to Harvard University (whose Classics department he had visited in 1963), first as Professor of Greek and Latin, then (from 1982) as Pope Professor of the Latin Language and Literature. He twice served as the editor of Harvard Studies in Classical Philology (1980-1981 and 1983–1985). In 1988 he retired from Harvard and became an adjunct professor at the University of Michigan.
In 1967 he married Hilary Ann Bardwell (who was later married to Alastair Boyd), the former wife of the British author Kingsley Amis; this marriage was dissolved in 1975. In 1994 he married Kristine Zvirbulis. He was extremely fond of cats (the first volume of his seven-volume Cambridge University Press edition of the Letters of Cicero is dedicated to Donum, a feline present from Frances Lloyd-Jones) and of classical music.
In 1958 he earned the double honour of a fellowship of the British Academy (whose Kenyon Medal he would be awarded in 1985) and a Litt.D. degree from Cambridge; he also held an honorary Litt.D. from Dublin University, awarded in 1984. He was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1975 and a member of the American Philosophical Society in 1977. He was a member of the American Philological Association, which awarded him the Goodwin Award for Merit in 1978; a member of the American Academy of Arts and Letters; an honorary member of the Society for the Promotion of Roman Studies; and an honorary fellow of Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge.
The bulk of his scholarly work focused on Latin philology and Roman history and prosopography. In retirement he prepared many editions for the Loeb Classical Library published by Harvard University Press, including those of Martial, Valerius Maximus, Statius, and the correspondence of Cicero.
He died of Alzheimer's disease in Ann Arbor, Michigan.
Publications (selected)
The Śatapañcāśatka of Mātṛceṭa. Sanskrit text, Tibetan translation & commentary and Chinese translation [by I-Ching]. Edited by D.R. Shackleton Bailey. With an introduction, English translation and notes. (1951)
Propertiana (Cambridge, 1958).
co-ed. W.S. Watt. Cicero, Marcus Tullius. Epistulae. 4 v. (Oxford, OCT, 1958-1982: v. 2.ii: Ep. ad Atticum, libri ix-xvi, rec. D.R.Sh.-B., 1961)
ed. Cicero: Letters to Atticus 7 v. (Cambridge, 1965–70).
ed. Cicero: Epistulae ad familiares 2 v. (Cambridge, 1977).
trans. Cicero's letters to his friends (Atlanta, 1978).
Cicero's Letters to Atticus 2 v. (Penguin, 1978).
Profile of Horace (Harvard, 1982).
ed. Anthologia Latina I fasc. 1: Libri Salmasiani aliorumque carmina (Stuttgart, 1982).
ed. Q. Horati Flacci Opera (Stuttgart, 1985).
ed. and trans. Cicero: Philippics (Chapel Hill, 1986).
ed. M. Tulli Ciceronis Epistulae ad Atticum 2 v.(Stuttgart, 1987).
ed. M. Tulli Ciceronis Epistulae ad Familiares (Stuttgart, 1988).
ed. M. Tulli Ciceronis Epistulae ad Q. Fratrem, ad M. Brutum, Commentariolum petitionis, fragmenta epistularum (Stuttgart, 1988).
ed. M. Fabii Quintiliani Declamationes minores (Stuttgart, 1989).
Onomasticon to Cicero's speeches (Stuttgart, 1988, 1991²).
trans. Cicero. Back from Exile: Six Speeches upon his Return (Atlanta, 1991).
ed. M. Annaei Lucani De bello civili libri X (Stuttgart, 1988; 1997²).
ed. M. Valerii Martialis epigrammata (1990).
Homoeoteleuton in Latin dactylic verse (Stuttgart, 1994).
Onomasticon to Cicero's letters (Stuttgart, 1995).
Onomasticon to Cicero's treatises (Stuttgart, 1996).
Selected classical papers (Ann Arbor, 1997).
ed. and trans. Valerius Maximus: Memorable doings and sayings 2 v. (Loeb Classical Library #s 492, 493, Harvard UP, 2000).
ed. and trans. Cicero: Letters to friends 3 v. (Loeb Classical Library #s 205, 216, 230, Harvard UP, 2001).
ed. and trans. Statius: Silvae (Loeb Classical Library #206, Harvard UP, 2003; corrected ed. 2015).
ed. and trans. Statius: Thebaid Books 1-7 (Loeb Classical Library #207, Harvard UP, 2003).
ed. and trans. Statius: Thebaid Books 8-12; Achilleid (Loeb Classical Library #498, Harvard UP, 2003).
ed. and trans. Quintilian: The Lesser Declamations 2 v. (Loeb Classical Library #s 500, 501, Harvard UP, 2006).
References
Obituaries
Michigan Daily
Independent.co.uk – Professor D. R. Shackleton Bailey
The Times
American Philosophical Society
External links
1917 births
2005 deaths
American classical scholars
Alumni of Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge
English classical scholars
Deaths from dementia in Michigan
Deaths from Alzheimer's disease
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
Fellows of Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge
Fellows of Jesus College, Cambridge
People educated at Lancaster Royal Grammar School
Bletchley Park people
University of Michigan faculty
Members of the University of Cambridge faculty of classics
Classical scholars of the University of Michigan
Classical scholars of Harvard University
Scholars of Latin literature
Fellows of the British Academy
British expatriates in the United States
Members of the American Philosophical Society
Ivančević () is a Serbian and Croatian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Andrea Ivančević, Croatian athlete
Radmilo Ivančević, Serbian footballer and manager
Croatian surnames
Serbian surnames
Oligocarpa is a genus of ascidian tunicates in the family Styelidae.
Species within the genus Oligocarpa include:
Oligocarpa megalorchis Hartmeyer, 1911
Oligocarpa skoogi Michaelsen, 1923
References
Stolidobranchia
Tunicate genera
"I'm Your Daddy" is a song by the band Weezer. It is the second track and second American single after "(If You're Wondering If I Want You To) I Want You To" from the band's seventh album Raditude. The band released the single on January 20, 2010, and it debuted at number thirty on the Modern Rock Tracks.
Reception
"I'm Your Daddy" was mentioned in many professional reviews of Raditude with mixed to positive reactions. Rolling Stone writer Rob Sheffield liked Raditude and singled out "I'm Your Daddy" by saying that Cuomo's "willingness to make fun of his psychosexual damage only makes (the song) more poignant." New York Times writer Ben Ratliff called the song "the record's best riff-monster" and said that is "bears traces of trademark Weezer-think." Some reviewers who didn't like the album still point out the song as being one of its better tracks; The A.V. Club gave the album a C+ on their website but still referred to "I'm Your Daddy" as "well-crafted pop".
Music video
Two music videos were officially released for "I'm Your Daddy."
The first video premiered on MySpace on March 29, 2010. Filmed by Karl Koch during the band's 2009 tour, the video features footage of the band backstage and while traveling as well as footage of audience members and fans. Paramore frontwoman Hayley Williams, Sara Bareilles, Josh Freese on drums and a sax-playing Kenny G all make cameo appearances. The video was directed by Johannes Gamble, edited by Hank Friedmann and produced by Dina Ciccotello and Michelle Gonzales.
The second video, part of Vevo's Vevo Go Show series, was released on April 4, 2010 on Vevo, YouTube and the official Weezer website. It shows the band performing the song during an impromptu outdoor show at Santa Monica's Douglas Park on November 27, 2009. This video was directed by David Crabtree and Eric von Doymi, cinematographed by Michael Rizzi and produced through production company Gunslingers.
Chart performance
References
External links
Weezer songs
2010 singles
Songs written by Rivers Cuomo
Songs written by Dr. Luke
Song recordings produced by Dr. Luke
2009 songs
XL Recordings singles
Vishwanath Channappa Sajjanar is an Indian law enforcement and police officer who was the Additional Director General of Police (ADGP) of Telangana, now serving as managing director of Telangana State Road Transport Corporation. He is native of Hubballi, Karnataka state. Vishwanath Sajjanar is known to focus on women and child safety issues. He is also known for his strong focus on community and citizen friendly policing, cybercrime and human trafficking. Sajjanar began his career as an Assistant Superintendent of Police of Jangaon (Warangal District). He also served as the Inspector General of Police (Special Intelligence).
Early life
Vishwanath Channappa Sajjanar is a native of Hubballi, Dharwad district, Karnataka state, India. His parents are Channappa and Girija. He was born on 24 October 1968. He did his early education from Lions English Medium School, Hubballi and obtained B.Com degree from J.G.College of Commerce, Hubli, which is affiliated to Karnatak University, Dharwad. V.C. Sajjanar did M.B.A. from Kausali Institute of Management Studies, Dharwad and joined I.P.S. in 1996, after successfully clearing civil services examination conducted by Union Public Services Commission of India (U.P.S.C).
2008 Warangal Acid Attack
In 2008, two female engineering students in Warangal were attacked by three male suspects. The suspects were shot by the Warangal police, who acted in self-defense against an unprovoked attack by the accused. V.C. Sajjanar, was the Superintendent of Police for Warangal district at the time of the incident.
2019 Hyderabad Gangrape
On 6 December, V.C. Sajjanar announced that the four accused in the 2019 Hyderabad gangrape-murder case were shot in self-defense by the Cyberabad Police.
2021 Promoted as Additional DGP
On 11 March 2021, Vishwanath .C. Sajjanar was promoted to the rank of Addl. DGP. On 25 August 2021, Sajjanar was transferred From Police Commissioner of Cyberabad to take a new position as managing director of Telangana State Road Transport Corporation.
See also
Commissioner of Police- India
Indian Police Service
References
Living people
Indian Police Service officers
1968 births
People from Hubli
Karnatak University alumni
SunRise Sixth Form College is a private owned school in Lagos Nigeria, a co-educational sixth form college in Isolo, Lagos, Nigeria for academically able students. It provides full-time Cambridge AS and A-level courses for approximately 100 students (mostly between the ages of 16 and 22) from the surrounding area and every part of the country.
SunRise Academy's reputation for academic success came in the year 2006 when 3 out of its 7 candidates had AAA. Ever since then students studying at the sixth form college have achieved the highest pass rate.
History
SunRise Sixth Form College, was founded to assist Nigerian Students willing to further their education in Nigerian Universities or abroad. The college is affiliated to many foreign universities, colleges / sixth form colleges, is a co-educational A level college accepting up to 100 students each year. The college is situated in Lagos, Nigeria. Presently, there are over 100 students in various universities abroad who graduated from this school. The school was founded by Soneye Philip.
SunRise Sixth Form College is currently representing about 36 UK schools for IUFP.
The International University Foundation Programme (IUFP) is a one-year full-time pre-degree course, which offers students direct entry route to prestigious British Universities for degree courses in the United Kingdom. The programme is aimed at international students including those based in the United Kingdom and seeking direct admittance into leading British Universities after one year of study and without needing to undertake the two year GCE 'A' Levels course. Students successfully completing the IUFP will progress to degree courses in leading British Universities that have either signed Progression Agreements with Middlesex College of Law or informally recognised the IUFP.
External links
SunRise Academy
Education in Lagos
Educational institutions established in 2005
Sixth form colleges
Secondary schools in Lagos State
Study abroad programs
2005 establishments in Nigeria
Uma Shankari is an Indian actress who appeared in regional Indian language films.
Career
In 2006, she appeared in Sakthi Chidambaram's Kovai Brothers opposite Sibiraj, featuring as Sathyaraj's niece and also featured in Thodamaley alongside newcomers. She also acts in a few serials like Chikamma (the remake of the famous Tamil serial "Chithi" in Kannada) and Valli (a new Tamil Serial).
Personal life
Uma was born to D. Rajendra Babu, a commercial director in Kannada film industry, and actress Sumithra, who appeared in regional Indian films. Her younger sister, Nakshatra, made her debut with the film Doo in 2011. Alongside films, she studied B.A, English literature in Indira Gandhi Open University.
She eventually married software engineer H. Dushyanth in Bangalore on 15 June 2006 and opted against signing any more films thereafter.
Filmography
References
Indian film actresses
Actresses in Malayalam cinema
Actresses in Tamil cinema
Actresses in Kannada cinema
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Actresses in Telugu cinema
21st-century Indian actresses
Actresses in Tamil television
Actresses in Kannada television
Year of birth missing (living people)
Mohammad Jani (, also Romanized as Moḩammad Jānī and Moḩammadjānī) is a village in Garizat Rural District, Nir District, Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 15, in 6 families.
References
Populated places in Taft County
Meconta District is a district of Nampula Province in north-eastern Mozambique. The principal town is Meconta.
Further reading
District profile
Districts in Nampula Province
Ceraspis is a genus of beetles in the subfamily Melolonthinae.
Species
Ceraspis albipennis Frey, 1973
Ceraspis albovaria Blanchard, 1850
Ceraspis alvarengai Frey, 1973
Ceraspis amazonica Frey, 1962
Ceraspis amoena Frey, 1962
Ceraspis bicolor Moser, 1919
Ceraspis bivittata Burmeister, 1855
Ceraspis bivulnerata (Germar, 1824)
Ceraspis brittoni Frey, 1962
Ceraspis brunneipennis (Bates, 1887)
Ceraspis bufo Frey, 1962
Ceraspis burmeisteri Frey, 1962
Ceraspis castaneipennis Blanchard, 1850
Ceraspis centralis (Sharp, 1877)
Ceraspis cinerea Moser, 1921
Ceraspis citrina Blanchard, 1850
Ceraspis clypealis Frey, 1962
Ceraspis colon Burmeister, 1855
Ceraspis conspersa Burmeister, 1855
Ceraspis convexicollis Frey, 1969
Ceraspis cornuta (Blanchard, 1850)
Ceraspis costulata Frey, 1965
Ceraspis decora Gory, 1829
Ceraspis diversa Frey, 1962
Ceraspis dorsata Burmeister, 1855
Ceraspis dorsopicta Frey, 1972
Ceraspis elegans Nonfried, 1891
Ceraspis elongata Frey, 1962
Ceraspis farinosa Burmeister, 1855
Ceraspis femorata Frey, 1969
Ceraspis flava Blanchard, 1850
Ceraspis fulva Blanchard, 1850
Ceraspis gibbicollis Blanchard, 1850
Ceraspis globicollis Frey, 1962
Ceraspis griseosquamosa Moser, 1921
Ceraspis guttata Blanchard, 1850
Ceraspis hispida (Bates, 1887)
Ceraspis imitatrix Nonfried, 1891
Ceraspis immaculata Burmeister, 1855
Ceraspis innotata (Blanchard, 1850)
Ceraspis insularis (Arrow, 1903)
Ceraspis jaliscoensis Delgado & Navarrete-Heredia, 2004
Ceraspis klenei Brenske, 1890
Ceraspis kuntzeni Moser, 1921
Ceraspis lepida Frey, 1973
Ceraspis leucosoma Blanchard, 1850
Ceraspis lineata (Waterhouse, 1879)
Ceraspis linharensis Frey, 1973
Ceraspis lurida Frey, 1962
Ceraspis macrophylla Moser, 1919
Ceraspis martinezi Frey, 1962
Ceraspis melanoleuca Serville, 1825
Ceraspis mexicana (Harold, 1863)
Ceraspis mixta Blanchard, 1850
Ceraspis modesta Burmeister, 1855
Ceraspis moseri Frey, 1962
Ceraspis mustela Frey, 1962
Ceraspis mutica Moser, 1921
Ceraspis nitida Frey, 1962
Ceraspis nivea Serville, 1825
Ceraspis niveipennis Gistel, 1857
Ceraspis oaxacaensis Delgado, 2001
Ceraspis oblonga Moser, 1919
Ceraspis obscura Blanchard, 1850
Ceraspis ocellata Frey, 1962
Ceraspis ohausi Moser, 1921
Ceraspis opacipennis (Moser, 1919)
Ceraspis ornata Frey, 1962
Ceraspis pallida Blanchard, 1850
Ceraspis pauperata Burmeister, 1855
Ceraspis penai Frey, 1964
Ceraspis pereirae Frey, 1962
Ceraspis pilatei (Harold, 1863)
Ceraspis plaumanni Frey, 1962
Ceraspis pulchra Frey, 1962
Ceraspis quadrifoliata Moser, 1919
Ceraspis quadrimaculata (Blanchard, 1850)
Ceraspis quadripustulata (Blanchard, 1850)
Ceraspis rotundicollis Frey, 1973
Ceraspis rubiginosa (Latreille, 1812)
Ceraspis ruehli Brenske, 1890
Ceraspis ruficollis Frey, 1962
Ceraspis rufoscutellata Moser, 1919
Ceraspis setiventris Moser, 1921
Ceraspis signata Blanchard, 1850
Ceraspis sparsesetosa Frey, 1972
Ceraspis squamulata Moser, 1924
Ceraspis squamulifera (Moser, 1919)
Ceraspis striata Frey, 1973
Ceraspis subvittata Moser, 1921
Ceraspis sulcicollis Moser, 1921
Ceraspis tenuisquamosa Frey, 1962
Ceraspis tibialis Blanchard, 1850
Ceraspis unguicularis Moser, 1919
Ceraspis variegata (Perty, 1833)
Ceraspis ventralis Frey, 1962
Ceraspis vestita Blanchard, 1850
Ceraspis vittata Moser, 1919
Ceraspis vulpes Frey, 1962
Ceraspis zikani Moser, 1924
See also
Ceraspis Schultze 1887 is also an extinct (and preoccupied) name for a genus of placoderm.
References
Mora-Aguilar, E.F.; Delgado, L.; Vallejo, F. 2013: A new species of Ceraspis (Coleoptera: Scarabaeidae: Melolonthinae), with a key to the Colombian species of the genus. Annals of the Entomological Society of America, 106(4), pages 424–428,
External links
Melolonthinae
Scarabaeidae genera
Taxa named by Amédée Louis Michel le Peletier
Taxa named by Jean Guillaume Audinet-Serville
Wat Chalo (, ) is one of the nine subdistricts (tambon) of Bang Kruai District, in Nonthaburi Province, Thailand. The subdistrict is bounded by (clockwise from north) Bang Si Thong, Bang Kruai, Bang Phlat, Taling Chan, Maha Sawat and Bang Khanun subdistricts. In 2020 it had a total population of 16,691 people.
Administration
Central administration
The subdistrict is subdivided into 10 villages (muban).
Local administration
The whole area of the subdistrict is covered by Bang Kruai Town Municipality ().
References
External links
Website of Bang Kruai Town Municipality
Tambon of Nonthaburi province
Populated places in Nonthaburi province
Live at Smalls is an album by pianist Harold Mabern. It was released by Smalls Live in 2013.
Recording and music
The musicians are Harold Mabern (piano), John Webber (bass), and Joe Farnsworth (drums). The album was recorded in concert at Smalls Jazz Club in New York City on June 22–23, 2012. It was produced by Spike Wilner and Ben Rubin.
Release and reception
The album was released by Smalls Live on June 25, 2013. The JazzTimes reviewer commented that Mabern "brings depth and sophistication to Fats Domino's R&B classic 'I'm Walking' [...] and his take on Mongo Santamaria's 'Afro Blue' manages to simultaneously straddle dark and edgy and cheerfully upbeat. The Sesame Street theme is utterly transformed into a showcase for the three players, and Erroll Garner's 'Dreaming' is appropriately laconic and contemplative."
Track listing
"Alone Together" (Arthur Schwartz) – 11:41
"I'm Walking" (Fats Domino) – 10:47
"Dreaming" (Erroll Garner) – 5:05
"Road Song (Wes Montgomery) – 9:47
"Boogie for Al McShann" (Harold Mabern) – 4:21
"Sesame Street" (Joe Raposo) – 8:12
"Afro Blue" (Mongo Santamaria) – 6:19
Source:
Personnel
Harold Mabern – piano
John Webber – bass
Joe Farnsworth – drums
References
2013 live albums
Harold Mabern albums
Mars Two, Mars II, Mars 2 or variant, may refer to:
Mars II (Deimos), the second moon of Mars
Mars 2, the Soviet spaceprobe for Mars
HMS Mars (1746), the second ship named HMS Mars
, the second ship named USS Mars
the second volume of Fuyumi Soryo's Mars (manga)
MARS II / LRU / MLRS-I, a European variant of the M270 Multiple Launch Rocket System
See also
Mars (disambiguation)
Mars 2M (disambiguation)
Mars 2MV-4 (disambiguation)
Lies Jans (born 20 January 1974, in Anderlecht) is a Belgian politician and is affiliated to the N-VA. She was elected as a member of the Flemish Parliament in 2009.
Notes
Living people
Members of the Flemish Parliament
New Flemish Alliance politicians
1974 births
People from Anderlecht
21st-century Belgian politicians
Old field is a term used in ecology to describe lands formerly cultivated or grazed but later abandoned. The dominant flora include perennial grasses, heaths and herbaceous plants. Old fields are canonically defined as an intermediate stage found in ecological succession in an ecosystem advancing towards its climax community, a concept which has been debated by contemporary ecologists for some time.
Old field sites are often marginal lands with soil quality unsuitable for crops or pasture. Examples include abandoned farmlands in central Ontario, along the edge of the Canadian Shield.
Stress tolerant species with wide seed dispersal ranges are able to colonize cultivated fields after their initial abandonment, usually followed by perennial grasses. The succession of old fields culminates in takeover by trees and shrubs, eventually leading to a climax forest stand.
How old fields form
Most old fields form as a result of agricultural land abandonment, the rate of which has been exponentially increasing, at a global scale, since the 1950s.
Agricultural plots may be abandoned due to degraded nutrient levels in the soil following many growing seasons and/or crop rotations. In some cases, however, specifically in Europe during the late 1950s and early 1960's, farm lands were abandoned due to a new agriculture policy. The policy influenced farmers to abandon plots because they believed it made prices too high, was wasteful, and would lead to overproduction. Though the policy has changed over time, researchers believe it is still failing the EU in many ways and ultimately harming the ecology of farm lands.
Old field succession
Once abandoned and left unaltered for a long time, and without crops to deplete the soil of nutrients, old fields can slowly grow back into healthy communities via the process of ecological succession.
Many studies have been conducted on old field succession, the process by which fields slowly grow back into forests over many years. While there are two types of succession, primary and secondary, secondary succession is what we think about when considering old fields. These processes may be cyclic or seral depending on the system dynamics and community structure present. Cyclic succession occurs when species abundance is in a constant state of change, when there are continuous changes in community composition that result in the dominant species changing in a cyclical manner. Seral succession refers to a type of community structure where community succession follows a linear path from barren to a climax community.
With succession, soil nutrient concentrations and community composition can vary greatly. As time passes after abandonment, nitrogen concentration in the soil has been shown to increase, which influences an increase in above ground plant biomass and vegetation cover.
Ecological significance
Restoration
Because agricultural lands are being abandoned and more old fields are forming each year, studying the composition of organisms and succession dynamics within old fields could provide potentially valuable insights to ecological restoration. Researchers state that studying the mechanisms behind succession of old fields at a local level can provide valuable restoration insights on how plant communities in the same region may respond to other stressors.
See also
Brownfield land: abandoned or underused industrial and commercial facilities
Greenfield land: undeveloped land in a city or rural area
Indian old field: land formerly occupied or used by Native Americans in the United States
Urban prairie: vacant urban land that has reverted to green space
References
Core, Earl L. (1949), "Original Treeless Areas in West Virginia", J. Elisha Mitchell Sci. Soc., 65:306–310.
Ecological succession
The Royal Victorian Order is an order of knighthood awarded by the sovereign of the United Kingdom and several Commonwealth realms. It is granted personally by the monarch and recognises personal service to the monarchy, the Royal Household, royal family members, and the organisation of important royal events. The order was officially created and instituted on 23 April 1896 by letters patent under the Great Seal of the Realm by Queen Victoria. The order has had five grades since its institution, the two highest of which confer the status of knighthood on holders (apart from foreigners, who typically received honorary awards not entitling them to the style of a knight). Women were not admitted until Edward VIII altered the statutes of the order in 1936. The order has five statutory officers—Grand Master, Chancellor, Secretary, Registrar and Chaplain—as well as a non-statutory Honorary Genealogist.
The order has had a chancellor and a secretary since it was founded; the former office is held ex officio by the Lord Chamberlain of the Royal Household, while the office of secretary has been held ex officio by the Keeper of the Privy Purse (except for the years 1936 to 1943 when the King's Private Secretary was also the order's secretary). The order has had a registrar since 1916; the first appointee was the Secretary of the Private Secretary's Office, Sir Francis Morgan Bryant, while his two successors were Secretaries to the Privy Purse; since 1936, the Registrar has always been the Secretary of the Central Chancery of the Orders of Knighthood. On 1 February 1937, King George VI appointed his Queen, Elizabeth (later the Queen Mother) as the order's inaugural Grand Master; after her death in 2002, the office fell vacant until Elizabeth II appointed her daughter, Princess Anne, Princess Royal, Grand Master. The Savoy Chapel was made the order's chapel in 1938 and its chaplain has also been ex officio the order's chaplain ever since. Since 1938, the order has also had an Honorary Genealogist, who has also been an Officer of Arms, although appointees are not technically officers of the order, there being no provision for it in the statutes.
Grand Masters
Chancellors
Secretaries
Registrars
Chaplains
Honorary Genealogists
References
Citations
Bibliography
P. Duckers (2004), British Orders and Decorations (Princes Risborough: Shire Publications Ltd, )
P. Galloway, D. Stanley, D. Martin (1996), Royal Service, volume 1 (London: Victorian Publishing, )
C. McCreery (2008), On Her Majesty's Service: Royal Honours and Recognition in Canada (Toronto: Dundurn Press; )
W. M. Shaw (1906), The Knights of England, volume i (London: Sherratt and Hughes; OCLC 185192520)
British honours system
Royal Victorian Order
Eicochrysops distractus is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Ethiopia, northern Uganda, Kenya, Tanzania (Mount Longido) and Yemen.
References
Butterflies described in 1913
Eicochrysops
Taxa named by Ruggero Verity
Taxa named by Joseph de Joannis
Kevin Duré (born 8 March 1993) is a retired Norwegian professional football player who played as a central defender. He has been on trial with the German clubs Werder Bremen and SC Freiburg, and the Austrian club Red Bull Salzburg.
Club career
Dure was born in Bergen, and started his career in the youth department of Løv-Ham. He was on a trial with the Austrian club Red Bull Salzburg, but came home without a contract and was taken up in Løv-Ham first team squad in 2009 where he made his debut in Adeccoligaen against Moss FK on 26 July 2009.
In 2010 Dure came in as a substitute in Brann's friendly match against Leeds, and Brann, the biggest club in Bergen, wanted to sign Dure and Fredrik Haugen. Dure decided to refuse Brann's offer, because he wanted to play every week and the German clubs Werder Bremen and SC Freiburg had invited Dure on a trial. In July 2011, Dure was on a trial with Rosenborg, and in August 2011 he was chased by the Tippeligaen clubs Rosenborg, Start and Fredrikstad FK. On 22 August 2011 Dure signed a contract lasting till the end of 2014 with Fredrikstad, with a transfer fee of 1 million Norwegian kroner. On 17 September 2011 he made his debut in Tippeligaen, in Fredrikstad match against Molde FK
International career
Dure have represented Norway at youth international level.
Career statistics
Source:
References
Living people
1993 births
Sportspeople from Bergen
Norwegian footballers
Association football defenders
Løv-Ham Fotball players
Fredrikstad FK players
Nest-Sotra Fotball players
Åsane Fotball players
Norwegian First Division players
Eliteserien players
Michael Allan Warren (born 26 October 1948) is an English portrait photographer, primarily known for his images of members of high society. An actor and talent manager in his youth, he rose to prominence for portraits of British nobility, politicians, and celebrities. His subjects include Alec Douglas-Home, Cary Grant, Sophia Loren, Charles III, Louis Mountbatten and Laurence Olivier.
Early life and education
After growing up in post-war London with his mother, Warren attended Terry's Juveniles, a stage school based in the Drury Lane Theatre. It was during this period that he attended auditions through which he received several assignments. One such piece of work was as a child presenter in "The Five O'clock Club", which afforded him the opportunity to associate with individuals such as Marc Bolan (then performing as "Toby Tyler"), who would later employ Warren as his first manager.
Career
Warren started his photographic career at the age of 20, when he was acting in Alan Bennett's play Forty Years On with John Gielgud in the West End at the Apollo Theatre. Around this time, Warren bought his first second-hand camera and began to take photographs of his fellow actors. His first major assignment was in 1969 when his friend Mickey Deans asked him to cover his wedding to Judy Garland, which marked the beginning of Warren's work as a professional photographer.
After this decisive event, Warren embarked on his photography career, throughout which he took portraits of personalities including many actors, writers, musicians, politicians and members of the British royal family. In the early 1980s Warren embarked on a quest to photograph all 30 British dukes. Together with Angus Montagu, 12th Duke of Manchester he set up the Duke's Trust, a charity for children in need. Warren has uploaded many pictures from his archive to Wikimedia Commons.
In the early 1990s, Warren embarked on writing plays. One of his works, The Lady of Phillimore Walk, was directed by Frank Dunlop and critics went as far as comparing it to Sleuth, a thriller written by Anthony Shaffer. The cast of The Lady of Phillimore Walk consisted of Zena Walker and Philip Lowrie; and saw productions in the United States.
Warren invented the Hankybreathe, a handkerchief which allows the user to inhale air through a carbon filter at the mouth, to filter out the noxious effects of exhaust emissions. The invention, which is meant to be dabbed in eucalyptus oil, harks back to the nosegay and stems from Warren's experience with asthma in heavily polluted London.
Gallery
Bibliography
Nobs & Nosh – Eating with the Beautiful People, 1975
Confessions of a Society Photographer, 1976
The Dukes of Britain, 1986
The Lady of Phillimore Walk (play), 1991
Dukes, Queens and Other Stories, 1999
Strangers in the Buff, August 2007
Carpet Dwellers, October 2007
Nein Camp, December 2012
Stand By To Repel All Boarders, December 2014
The Lady of Phillimore Walk, 2015
The Matching Pair Part 1: No Good Deed, 2021
References
1948 births
Living people
English male stage actors
English dramatists and playwrights
English memoirists
British portrait photographers
Male actors from London
Writers from London
Photographers from London
People from Wimbledon, London
English male dramatists and playwrights
English male non-fiction writers
Geran Tarr (born in Akron, Ohio) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Alaska House of Representatives since January 18, 2013 representing District 17.
Education
Tarr earned her BS in from Ohio University Ohio in Botany, Environmental Studies and Women's Studies. She then went on to earn her master's degree at the University of Alaska Anchorage in Public Administration with a Policy Analysis focus.
Elections
2012 When Republican Representative Anna Fairclough ran for the District M senate seat and left the District 17 seat open, Tarr won the August 28, 2012 Democratic Primary with 600 votes (55.56%), and won the November 6, 2012 General election with 2,416 votes (60.31%) against Republican nominee Cean Stevens.
References
External links
Official page at the Alaska Legislature
Geran Tarr at 100 Years of Alaska's Legislature
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Alaska Democrats
Members of the Alaska House of Representatives
Ohio University alumni
Politicians from Akron, Ohio
Women state legislators in Alaska
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
Mīrdāmād () or Mīr Dāmād may refer to the following:
Mir Damad, an Iranian scholar in the early 17th century
Mirdamad Boulevard, a boulevard in Tehran, named after Mir Damad
Chaqqar (, also Romanized as Chāqqar and Chāqar) is a village in Talkh Ab Rural District, Khenejin District, Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 229, in 66 families.
References
Populated places in Farahan County
The Estádio Luso Brasileiro, formerly known as Ilha do Urubu, Arena Petrobras, Arena Botafogo and Estádio da Ilha do Governador, is a football stadium inaugurated on 2 October 1965 in Ilha do Governador neighborhood, Rio de Janeiro, Rio de Janeiro state. The maximum capacity of the stadium is of 6,437 spectators, expanded to 17,250 due to renovations made by Botafogo so it can use it as its home ground for the 2016 Brazilian Série A and once again expanded to 20,113 made by Flamengo in 2017. The stadium is owned by Portuguesa and was also the home ground of Flamengo and Botafogo during the 2005 Brazilian Série A. Nowadays, the stadium has returned to its original capacity after the end of the partnership with Flamengo in the middle of 2018.
History
The stadium was built in 1965. It was inaugurated on 2 October 1965 with a match between Portuguesa-RJ and Vasco da Gama. In this opening match Zezinho, playing for the visitors, scored the first goals of the stadium with an attendance of 8,565 people.
Arena Petrobras (2005)
In 2005, while Maracanã was being reformed to the 2007 Pan American Games, Flamengo, Botafogo and Petrobras signed a deal to expand Luso Brasileiro stadium capacity to around 30,000 with temporary tubular structure. The works included only the stands expansion with almost no infrastructure renovation. These works expanded the maximum capacity from 5,000 to 30,000, and the stadium was adopted as the home ground of Flamengo and Botafogo during the 2005 Brazilian Série A.
Arena Botafogo (2016)
Botafogo showed interest in using the stadium again during the 2016 Campeonato Brasileiro for their home matches, as Engenhão was being prepared to host the Summer Olympics and therefore unable to receive any kind of events, including league matches, until the end of the Olympics. In April 2016 Botafogo agreed with Portuguesa-RJ to use the stadium until the end of 2016 season, Botafogo renovated the stadium and expanded the capacity to around 17,250 with provisory stands with the minimum of works to make the process quicker. The club spent about R$5 million with the stadium expansion.
Botafogo played a total of 11 Série A match and another two Copa do Brasil matches at the stadium during 2016 with an average attendance of 8,994 per match.
Average league attendances
Ilha do Urubu (2017–2018)
In November 2016 Flamengo came to terms with Portuguesa-RJ and signed a three-year contract to use the stadium starting in 2017. Flamengo planned to use the stadium as cover solution due to the complicated situation between the club, the Rio de Janeiro state government and Complexo Maracanã Entretenimento S.A. (composed of Odebrecht, IMX, AEG), the operator of Maracanã Stadium. Flamengo intend to expand the capacity up to 20,500 being able to host most of the matches in the upcoming years. The club also expect to inject around R$12m with sponsor partnerships, including the naming rights. The first part in the stadium renovation was in January 2017 with the relaying of the ground.
During the stadium renovations the works suffered a series of delays including the discovery of problems with water pipes under one of the stands which created a big hole on the ground. Bureaucratic problems with the authorization to use the stadium also caused another delay in its debut from May to June. Finally, after a long waiting from the club's supporters, Flamengo was able to debut in the stadium on 14 June 2017 against Ponte Preta in a Brazilian Série A match, Flamengo won 2–0 with an attendance of 13,981 people. After several delays and administrative issues and a new contract with the Maracanã, Flamengo broke their lease with the Ilha do Urubu in July 2018.
Average league attendances
Layout
Although having a capacity for 21,410 people, for safety reasons has a limited of 20,113 people per match.
West Stand
Capacity – 6,437 (seating)
The West Stand is part of the original stadium construction with the teams' locker rooms and media booth. This sector also have roof above all seats.
South Stand
Capacity – 4,122 (seating and standing)
The South Stand is built with a temporary structure and is divided in two sectors, one for the visiting team supporters with the capacity for 2,001 people all standing and another sector for the home team supporters with a capacity for 2,121 people all seated.
East Stand
Capacity – 6,437 (seating)
The East Stand is also built with a temporary structure, have the same capacity of the West Stand but with no roof covering.
North Stand
Capacity – 4,414 (standing)
The North Stand is the area designed for the most fanatic supporters with a capacity for 4,414 people all standing.
References
Enciclopédia do Futebol Brasileiro, Volume 2 – Lance, Rio de Janeiro: Aretê Editorial S/A, 2001.
External links
Luso-Brasileiro Official Website
Templos do Futebol
Luso-Brasileiro
Football venues in Rio de Janeiro (city)
Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas
Clube de Regatas do Flamengo
Sports venues completed in 1965
1965 establishments in Brazil
Burpo is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Preston Burpo (born 1972), American soccer player and coach
C. W. Burpo (1904–1982), American radio evangelist
George Burpo (1922–2015), American baseball player
Sergei Alexandrovich Kapkov (; born 10 December 1975) is a Russian politician, head of the Culture and Urban Development Center, School of Economics, Moscow State University.
Former minister of Moscow government, head of Moscow City Department of Culture (30 September 2011 – 10 March 2015), head of the National Academy of Football Fund, highly supported by Roman Abramovich. The Fund under Kapkov leadership was the one who hired Guus Hiddink as the chief coach of the Russian national team.
Biography
Kapkov was born in Gorkiy (modern name Nizhny Novgorod) in 1975.
He graduated from Volga-Vyatka Academy of State Service (from 2010 became a subdivision of Russian Presidential Academy of National Economy and Public Administration) in 1998 with a bachelor's degree in state and regional management. After that, he spent three years (from 1998 to 2001) studying social philosophy at Volga-Vyatka Academy of State Service.
In his student years, Kapkov combined university study with work for election campaigns in the region. From 1994 to 1998, he worked as a deputy's assistant of the Legislative Assembly of Nizhny Novgorod region. Many newspapers described him as a talented political strategist: it was reported that he was involved in the activities of election headquarters of "a number of candidates for governor", including Boris Nemtsov (in the elections of the Nizhny Novgorod Region Administration won in December 1995). In addition, he participated in the political movement "Our Home – Russia" in the elections to the state Duma of the second convocation (1995). In 1998, he led the election campaign of Alexander Sharonov, the candidate for deputy of the Nizhny Novgorod Region Legislative Assembly.
Career goals
Work in Chukotka region
Kapkov met Roman Abramovich, one of the main shareholder of Sibneft that time. In 1999, Kapkov took part in Abramovich's election campaign to the State Duma. Kapkov became a primary assistant of Abramovich in the Duma. News media describe Kapkov as "one of the leading managers in charge of media relations and public outreach".
In 2000, he became the head of governor election campaign in the Chukotka region for Abramovich, who won the election with more than 90% of electoral votes.
In 2001, Kapkov became the head of public relations and digital media department at Chukotka region. The same year, he took over the department of culture, sport, tourism and young population policy and became one of the youngest ministers at Chukotka region. He stood behind couple modernization in the region, such as first regional radio (radio "Purga" – "Snowstorm") and first independent TV-channel "Belyi Veter" (White Wind).
Duma member
In 2003, Kapkov was elected as a deputy in the lower house State Duma. He was a member of the lower house committee for civil, criminal, arbitration and procedural legislation. In 2007, Kapkov took another turn in the state Duma when Vladimir Putin declined his invitation to become a deputy in Russia's new parliament and handed over his seat to Kapkov, who became deputy head of the State Duma Committee for Information Policy, Technology and Communication.
Head of Gorky Park
In 2011, Kapkov stepped down from the position of the state Duma deputy to start magic renovation and revival of Central Moscow park – Gorky Park. Within months, the park was free of old, dated amusement attractions and old-style cafés. Instead of these park visitors and city guests received sensitive customer-service approach trendy outdoor activities and fully renovated park with a waterfront.
Work in Moscow city Culture Department
What I was doing, I regarded as a priority for the people of Moscow and the foundation for personal freedoms, personal space and the urban environment".
Kapkov was the force behind the transformation and revival of Moscow's culture. As Moscow's minister of culture (2011–2015), he undertook major urban regeneration initiatives and introduced radically new cultural policies. Under his watch, many public spaces, parks, and riverside areas were revitalized, and new pedestrian zones, street fairs, exhibitions, and music and arts festivals were created.
After Kapkov's reforms and all his battles, regional administrations across the country have suddenly become interested in the renovation of parks and the rejuvenation of public space. In Moscow, many of the positive changes to the fabric of the city are hard to undo, whatever happens. Many people worry there are changes in the air, but hope is far from lost – with some suggesting that if the Europeanisation of Moscow is over, the end of this copycat urban development may not be such a bad thing anyway.
Soccer/football influence
In June 2004, he became chief of the board of directors at National Football Academy. The main purpose of this organization was improving infrastructure and setting up new training centers for talented players at a national level. The annual budget of the fund was almost $30 million.
Awards
GQ magazine 2011 award "Discovery of the Year" – for frantic activity as director of Gorky Park.
By President executive order, Kapkov was granted a medal "for national population census"
References
1975 births
Living people
Politicians from Nizhny Novgorod
Russian football chairmen and investors
Moscow State University faculty
United Russia politicians
Fourth convocation members of the State Duma (Russian Federation)
Fifth convocation members of the State Duma (Russian Federation)
The Broker's Man is a BBC British television drama series centred on the work of Jimmy Griffin, an ex-detective who applies his skills as a fraud investigator for an insurance company. Produced by Bentley Productions for BBC One, the series starred Kevin Whately as Griffin and ran for two series from 17 June 1997 to 27 August 1998. The series was filmed in the intermittent years of Whately's portrayal of Inspector Lewis in both Inspector Morse and Lewis. The complete series was released on DVD by Acorn Media UK on 4 February 2008.
Cast
Kevin Whately as James 'Jimmy' Griffin
Annette Ekblom as Sally Griffin
Danny Worters as Dominic Griffin
Holly Davidson as Jodie Griffin
Al Hunter Ashton as Vinnie Stanley
Jill Baker as Claudette Monro-Foster
Sarah-Jane Potts/Charlotte Bellamy as Harriet Potter
Michelle Fairley as Gabby Rodwell
Trevor Byfield as Frank Mortimer
Peter Firth/John McEnery as Alex 'Godzilla' Turnbull
Grant Masters as William Addison
Episode list
Series 1 (1997)
Series 2 (1998)
References
External links
1990s British drama television series
1997 British television series debuts
1998 British television series endings
BBC television dramas
1990s British crime television series
English-language television shows
Television series by All3Media
Television shows set in Liverpool
Sluda () is a rural locality (a village) in Tarnogskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 316 as of 2002. There are 5 streets.
Geography
Sluda is located 6 km northeast of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Mikheyevskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
The Diocese of Subbar (in Latin: Dioecesis Subbaritana) is a suppressed and titular see of the Roman Catholic Church.
Subbar, was founded as an ancient bishopric of the Roman province of Mauretania Caesariensis. Like most of the western part of the province, Christianity appears have arrived only in late antiquity with references to the diocese coming only after the Council of Nicaea. The town thereby avoiding many of the earlier controversies. The only known bishop from antiquity is Donato, who took part in the synod assembled in Carthage in 484 by the Arian King Huneric the Vandal, after which Donato was exiled. The bishopric appears to have effectively ceased with the Muslim conquest of the Maghreb. Today Subbar survives as a titular bishopric and the most recent bishop is Joseph Robert Binzer, Auxiliary Bishop of Cincinnati, who replaced Cherubim Dambui in 2010 and resigned in 2020.
See also
Mauretania Caesariensis
References
Roman towns and cities in Mauretania Caesariensis
Catholic titular sees in Africa
Ancient Berber cities
Pleuroncodes monodon, sometimes called the red squat lobster, is a species of squat lobster from the south-eastern Pacific Ocean, where it is the subject of commercial fishery alongside the species Cervimunida johni.
Fishery
The fishery of P. monodon in Chile is divided into two areas, of which the southern unit is the more important. The artisanal fishery of P. monodon was banned in the southern unit for three years, from 1980 to 1982, in an attempt to restore the collapsing population. Afterwards, quotas were put in place to limit the fishery, although another three-year ban, was required from 1989 to 1991. Fishing for P. monodon has again resumed, but at far lower levels than before the initial regulation.
Distribution
Pleuroncodes monodon is found from 41° S in Chile to 15° N in Mexico.
Life cycle
Pleuroncodes monodon produces small eggs, in clutches of up to nearly 34,000; the larvae that hatch from them pass through five planktotrophic zoeal stages, over the course of around 55 days.
References
Squat lobsters
Crustaceans of the eastern Pacific Ocean
Crustaceans described in 1837
Taxa named by Henri Milne-Edwards
The Tapani incident or Tapani uprising in 1915 was one of the biggest armed uprisings by Taiwanese Han and Aboriginals, including Taivoan, against Japanese rule in Taiwan. Alternative names used to refer to the incident include the Xilai Temple Incident after the Xilai Temple in Tainan, where the revolt began, and the Yu Qingfang Incident after the leader Yu Qingfang.
Revolt
Multiple Japanese police stations were stormed by Aboriginal and Han Chinese fighters under Chiang Ting (Jiang Ding) and Yü Ch'ing-fang (Yu Qingfang). The rebels declared a Da Ming Cibeiguo (大明慈悲國, Great Ming Compassionate Kingdom), the existence of which only lasted 12 days before the revolt was suppressed.
Consequences
Modern Taiwanese historiography attempts to portray the Tapani Incident as a nationalist uprising either from a Chinese (unification) or Taiwanese (independence) perspective. Japanese colonial historiography attempted to portray the incident as a large scale instance of banditry led by criminal elements. However, the Tapani Incident differs from other uprisings in Taiwan's history because of its elements of millenarianism and folk religion, which enabled Yu Qingfang to raise a significant armed force whose members believed themselves to be invulnerable to modern weaponry.
The similarities between the rhetoric of the leaders of the Tapani uprising and the Righteous Harmony Society of the recent Boxer Rebellion in China were not lost on Japanese colonial authorities, and the colonial government subsequently paid more attention to popular religion and took steps to improve colonial administration in southern Taiwan.
The aboriginals carried on with violent armed struggle against the Japanese while Han Chinese violent opposition stopped after Tapani.
See also
Wushe Incident
Notes
References
External links
Governmentality and Its Consequences in Colonial Taiwan: A Case Study of the Ta-pa-ni Incident
When Valleys Turned Blood Red: The Ta-pa-ni Incident in Colonial Taiwan
Taiwan in Time: Magic amulets, tax breaks and a messiah
Taiwan under Japanese rule
Protests in Taiwan
1915 in Japan
1915 in Taiwan
1915 in international relations
Conflicts in 1915
Combat incidents
Rebellions in Asia
Military history of Taiwan
Military history of Japan
Taivoan people
Meluco District is a district of Cabo Delgado Province in northern Mozambique. It covers 5,799 km² with 26,221 inhabitants.
External links
Government profile
Districts in Cabo Delgado Province
Banzi (Lucano: ) is a town and comune in the province of Potenza, Basilicata, southern Italy.
Called Bantia in antiquity, it was the site of the find of the bronze tablet known as the Tabula Bantina, which contains a fragment of the ancient Oscan language.
References
Sources
Cities and towns in Basilicata
Budby is a small hamlet in the civil parish of Perlethorpe-cum-Budby, Nottinghamshire. Budby is about north of Edwinstowe. Nearby is Thoresby Hall, the former home of the Earl Manvers.
Geography and history
The hamlet itself is by the A616 road and the River Meden. Budby dates from at least 1662 when the area was part of Sherwood Forest then a Royal Forest, though most of the forest has since been cleared for agriculture. It consists of two farms and 13 cottages built for farmworkers some of which are still used by employees of the various farms in the area.
Budby has a mid-Victorian Penfold-type post box.
Hamlets in Nottinghamshire
Sherwood Forest
True Stories may refer to:
True Stories (film), a 1986 film by Talking Heads frontman David Byrne
True Stories (Talking Heads album), a 1986 Talking Heads album featuring songs from the film
Sounds from True Stories, the soundtrack from the film
Avicii: True Stories, a 2017 documentary directed by Levan Tsikurishvili about the DJ and record producer Avicii
True Stories (Martin Simpson album), a 2009 album by Martin Simpson
True Stories (The Rippingtons album), a 2016 album by The Rippingtons
True Stories (collection), a 1981 collection of poetry by Canadian author Margaret Atwood
True Stories (Documentary) (TV series), a British television documentary series which aired on Channel 4
True Stories (TV series), an Australian television series which aired on the Seven Network, hosted by Anna Coren
True Stories, a 2004 Nathan Rogers album
True Stories, a 1978 David Sancious album
True Stories, memoirs of Russian gulag inmate and writer Lev Razgon
True Stories: Selected Non-Fiction, a 1996 book by Helen Garner
See also
True Story (disambiguation)
Based on a True Story (disambiguation)
Carlos Sosa (born November 5, 1969), known as DJ Sneak, is a Puerto Rican-born American DJ and record producer raised in Chicago, Illinois, United States. He is noted as being one of the second wave of Chicago house producers, (alongside Derrick Carter, Cajmere/Green Velvet, Gemini, James Curd and Paul Johnson) as well as a member of the vanguard of late-1990s United States house producers.
Biography
In 1983, Sneak moved to Chicago from Puerto Rico, where his early musical experiences and influences were rooted in salsa, merengue and Latin orchestras. In Chicago, Sneak found inspiration in underground house music, warehouse parties and "old school" mix tapes from the early pioneers, Farley Jackmaster Funk, Ralphi Rosario, Steve Hurley and local radio station shows played on WBMX.
Sneak earned his nickname rocking graffiti-tags and began working at retail stores as an airbrush artist. His development as a DJ came while working regular mobile DJ jobs and local nightclubs. Sneak focused on his music production and started his independent label – Defiant Records.
In 1994, while still working at local store Gramophone Records, Sneak met Cajmere (Green Velvet) owner of Cajual and Relief Records. Cajmere released three of Sneak's catalyst tracks, which helped bring him international recognition.
In Ibiza, Sneak has participated in several events with Ministry of Sound, Cream, Manumission, and Miss Moneypenny's. Sneak currently resides in Los Angeles, California, US.
Lyrics by DJ Sneak are featured in the Daft Punk song, "Digital Love", from their 2001 album, Discovery. In 2001, Sneak launched a new record label Magnetic Recordings, where he has been releasing new music, with compilations to come, along with the introduction of new musical talent.
Discography
Albums
Kinky Trax Collection (1996)
Blue Funk Files (1997)
Buggin' da Beats (1997)
Sneak's Ju Ju Beats (2001)
Housekeepin''' (2004)House of Om, Vol. 2 (2005)Thefunkrockdiscopartything (2006)Special House Blend (2008)The House of House (2009)Gangsters Paradise (2013)Fabric 62'' (2012)
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
Canadian DJs
American DJs
American electronic musicians
American house musicians
American male musicians
Electronic dance music DJs
The green-headed sunbird (Cyanomitra verticalis) is a species of bird in the family Nectariniidae.
It is found in Angola, Benin, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ivory Coast, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, Gambia, Ghana, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Kenya, Liberia, Malawi, Mali, Nigeria, Rwanda, Senegal, Sierra Leone, South Sudan, Tanzania, Togo, Uganda, and Zambia.
References
Cyanomitra
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
Birds of East Africa
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Ullu-Terkeme (; , Ullu-Tərəkəmə) is a rural locality (a selo) in Derbentsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 1,599 as of 2010. There are 23 streets.
Geography
Ullu-Terkeme is located 32 km northwest of Derbent (the district's administrative centre) by road. Tatlyar and Druzhba are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Azerbaijanis live there.
References
Rural localities in Derbentsky District
Kent R. Weeks (born December 16, 1941) is an American Egyptologist.
Biography
He was born in Everett, Washington, on December 16, 1941.
He remembers deciding to be an Egyptologist at the age of eight. Weeks attended R. A. Long High School in Longview, Washington, and graduated in 1959. He studied anthropology at University of Washington in Seattle, from where he obtained a master's degree. He visited Egypt for the first time in 1963 and was active in digs in Nubia associated with relocation work necessitated by the building of the Aswan Dam and the flooding of the Nile Valley to create Lake Nasser. In 1970 he earned a doctorate in Egyptology from Yale University.
Dr. Weeks' professional career began with his appointment as Professor of Anthropology at American University in Cairo for the academic year 1971–72. Later he was appointed assistant Curator of Egyptian Art at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, then assistant Professor at the University of Chicago and Director of its Institute in Luxor (Chicago House), then professor at the University of California, Berkeley, and in 1988 he became a professor of Egyptology at The American University in Cairo. His wife, Susan Weeks, was also an archaeologist and a gifted artist before her death in December 2009.
In 1978, Weeks devised and launched the Theban Mapping Project–an exceedingly ambitious plan to photograph and map every temple and tomb in the Theban Necropolis. As part of this project, Weeks introduced hot air ballooning to the Luxor area with the intent of making inexpensive aerial surveys, which grew into an important part of the local tourist industry. However, a more important achievement of the Project was its 1995 discovery of the identity, and vast dimensions, of KV5, the tomb of the sons of Ramesses II in the Valley of the Kings.
In 1996, Weeks received the Golden Plate Award of the American Academy of Achievement.
Publications
Atlas of the Valley of the Kings: The Theban Mapping Project
The Illustrated Guide to Luxor and the Valley of the Kings
The Valley of the Kings: The Tombs and the Funerary of Thebes West, (as editor)
The Lost Tomb, 1998
References
External links
The Theban Mapping Project
Dr. Kent R. Weeks' profile
1941 births
Living people
People from Everett, Washington
American Egyptologists
People from Longview, Washington
University of Washington alumni
Gene Hamilton (December 12, 1910 - November 22, 2000) was an announcer in the era of old-time radio. (Another source gives his date of birth as February 22, 1910.) He had a 46-year career with NBC. An article in a contemporary magazine, Radio Guide, said Hamilton "has a splendid bass voice and one of the best of the group."
Early years
Hamilton was born in Toledo, Ohio. His father was a concert baritone singer. Soon after Hamilton's high school graduation, he began singing and playing guitar with a vaudeville troupe.
Career
Hamilton once said of becoming an announcer: "It was a very funny profession. It attracted a strange group of men. Nobody in the beginning set out to become an announcer; one just drifted into it accidentally. There were no experts.
Hamilton's debut on radio came when he sang and played guitar on WAIU, Columbus, Ohio, and in 1927 he became an announcer there. In 1929 he joined NBC, working at WTAM as master of ceremonies and announcer. The network moved him to Chicago in 1931, and in 1934 he went from there to New York, where he continued to work for NBC for approximately 40 years. Programs on which Hamilton was an announcer included The Buddy Weed Show, NBC Symphony concerts, The Voice of Firestone, Lum and Abner, The First Piano Quartet, the Boston Symphony hour and Professor Quiz. He also sang with the Boston Symphony on its November 18, 1944, broadcast. He portrayed Dr. Gino on The Chamber Music Society of Lower Basin Street. He later had his own radio show, Dr. Gino's Musicale on ABC, debuting on March 13, 1950. The program was a satire on which Dr. Gino, "a bewildered character who tries to inspire appreciation for the classics", had to contend with jazz performances by guests and the show's orchestra.
In 1941, Credited as "Dr. Gino Hamilton", he made two recordings, "Satanic Blues" (Victor BS-067548) and "Farewell Blues" (Victor BS-067549) with the Dixieland Octet of NBC's Chamber Music Society of Lower Basin Street. That same year he also recorded "Lady of the Evening" (Victor BS-067593) with Paul Lavalle and the Woodwindy Ten.
Hamilton and his wife, along with "a bevy of seasoned radio and stage troupers" formed the Footlighters, a stock theater company, in Nassau, New York, in 1946. The troupe's first production was Let Us Be Gay at the Baldwin High School auditorium on January 26, 1947.
Personal life
Hamilton and his wife, Mildred, had four sons and a daughter. He was an "exponent of the guitar and boxing." Even as an announcer, "he continued his singing, winning an audition as a basso in the Fred Waring Glee Club," but he chose to focus on his announcing career.
References
1910 births
2000 deaths
People from Toledo, Ohio
Radio and television announcers
This is an incomplete list of Norwegian coats of arms. Today most municipalities and all counties have their own coats of arms. Many Norwegian military units and other public agencies and some private families have coats of arms. For more general information see the page about Norwegian heraldry.
National
Royal
Civilian agencies
Achievements including the royal arms
Other
Crowned emblems
Military
Counties and municipalities
Agder
Arms for Agder county and the municipalities (current and former) within it:
Municipalities of Agder
Former arms from Agder
Innlandet
Arms for Innlandet county and the municipalities (current and former) within it:
Municipalities of Innlandet
Former arms from Innlandet
Møre og Romsdal
Arms for Møre og Romsdal county and the municipalities (current and former) within it:
Municipalities of Møre og Romsdal
Former arms from Møre og Romsdal
Nordland
Arms for Nordland county and the municipalities (current and former) within it:
Municipalities of Nordland
Former arms from Nordland
Oslo
Arms for Oslo county:
Rogaland
Arms for Rogaland county and the municipalities (current and former) within it:
Municipalities of Rogaland
Former arms from Rogaland
Troms og Finnmark
Arms for Troms og Finnmark county and the municipalities (current and former) within it:
Municipalities of Troms og Finnmark
Former arms from Troms and Finnmark
Trøndelag
Arms for Trondelag county and the municipalities (current and former) within it:
Municipalities of Trøndelag
Former municipalities of Trøndelag
Vestfold og Telemark
Arms for Vestfold og Telemark county and the municipalities (current and former) within it:
Municipalities of Vestfold og Telemark
Former arms from Vestfold og Telemark
Vestland
Arms for Vestland county and the municipalities (current and former) within it:
Municipalities of Vestland
Former arms from Vestland
Viken
Arms for Viken county and the municipalities (current and former) within it:
Municipalities of Viken
Former arms from Viken
Norway
Lev Emmanuilovich Razgon (, 1 April 1908, Horki, Horki Raion, Mogilev Governorate – 8 September 1999, Moscow) was a Soviet journalist, a prisoner of the Gulag from 1938 to 1942 and again from 1950 to 1955, a Russian writer and, latterly, a human rights activist.
Razgon was born in Belorussia to the family of Mendel Abramovich Razgon and Glika Izrailevna Shapiro. In the 1920s they moved to Moscow and in 1932, he graduated from the history faculty of the Moscow State Pedagogical Institute.
His career before his arrest in 1938 was in great measure due to his marrying into the new Soviet elite and, in particular, two men: his wife Oksana's father Gleb Boky, a high-ranking NKVD officer, and her step-father Ivan Moskvin, a leading figure in the Central Committee.
Later in life, Razgon fell into the category of Gulag detainees who rejoined the Communist Party after their release. He did not resign from the Party until 1988.
Life before arrest
After moving to Moscow Razgon met and married Oksana, the daughter of Gleb Boky and step-daughter of Ivan Moskvin, who were influential friends and patrons until their own arrest in 1937.
At Ivan Moskvin's apartment, for instance, Razgon met the future head of the NKVD Nikolai Yezhov. With a pass supplied by Moskvin he attended the 17th Congress of the All-Union Communist Party (Bolsheviks), the "1934 Congress of Victors" at which, he reports, Stalin received many more negative votes than Sergei Kirov when the Congress members voted to re-appoint members to the Central Committee.
Razgon's account of these years began to appear in printed form during perestroika, serialised in issues of the Ogonyok weekly. Subsequently, they were published as a book True Stories (Nepridumannoe, 1988), and it was only in a separate and slightly later publication in the Ogonyok library series that Razgon first admitted he had worked for Gleb Boky's organisation.
Lev Razgon and the NKVD
A 2005 handbook detailing The Most Secret Relatives of Soviet writers and other public figures summarises Razgon's biography as follows: a Pioneer leader, he then began to work for the Central Bureau of Young Pioneers and as an editor at Molodaya gvardiya publishers; he worked for the NKVD until Gleb Boky's arrest; and went back to the Children's Literature publishing house (Detizdat).
While admitting Boky's bloody past, in Petrograd in 1918 and in Central Asia during the 1920s, Razgon describes the Special Department as a counter-intelligence operation rather than anything to do with arrests and interrogations. "Its job was to protect the secrets of the Soviet State and try to find out those of others," he wrote, and suggested it had some parallel in its functions and purpose with the US National Security Agency.
On 18 April 1938, Razgon was arrested and spent the next 17 years in prisons, camps, and exile.
Life in the Gulag
Razgon's account of life (and death) in the Gulag in True Stories (1988) is one of the most detailed sources there is: it contains a unique chapter, for instance, describing various camp bosses he observed and worked under. There are almost as many references to his memoirs in Anne Applebaum's Gulag: A history of the Soviet Camps (2003), as there are to Alexander Solzhenitsyn's Gulag Archipelago (1974).
Razgon describes the respect he received for being the son-in-law of Gleb Boky (shot in November 1937) and an existence in which he usually worked in the office as a norm-setter, not out in the forest with the rest of the convicts, felling trees. At one point in his memoirs he takes issue with Solzhenitsyn and speaks out on behalf of "trusties" like himself, and the camp medical service, who together made things easier for ordinary inmates.
A less flattering account has been offered by Anton Antonov-Ovseyenko, Razgon's junior by 11 years. Antonov-Ovseyenko also spent time in the Gulag; his famous Bolshevik/Red Army father was executed during the Great Purges of the late 1930s. Razgon was an "honoured provocateur", in Antonov-Ovseyenko's words, and was arrested and sentenced together with a group of "too assiduous torturers"; he did not push a wheelbarrow in a camp, he did not fell wood in the taiga, and he was not dying of starvation. Instead he worked as a norm setter, and helped the camp director and its "godfather", i.e. the supervisor of the NKVD department for internal security.
In 1955, Razgon was released.
Return to Moscow
Unlike many others, Razgon did not have to wait long for rehabilitation, after which he could settle in Moscow again and resume his writing. Between the 1960s and 1980s (see Publications, below) he published a number of books while privately writing about his years in the Gulag.
The memoirs were not sent abroad to be published during the Brezhnev years nor did they circulate in samizdat, unlike the memoirs of Evgenia Ginzburg or Olga Adamova-Sliozberg. It is evident, nevertheless, that Roy Medvedev had access to what he had written and incorporated some incidents they describe in his Let History Judge, first published in an English edition in 1972.
Razgon waited until Gorbachev became General Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union before beginning to publish excerpts from his memoirs in a variety of Soviet literary magazines. In 1988, the Ogonyok magazine published Lev Razgon's memoir about "The President's Wife", an "unbelievable but true" story about the wife of the first Soviet's head of state Mikhail Kalinin, Ekaterina Kalinina, who was imprisoned in the labour camps of the far northern Komi: this was confirmation that Stalin made hostages of his closest colleagues' family members (another was Yelena Zhemchuzhina, the wife of Vyacheslav Molotov) to ensure they behaved as he wanted.
Encounter with an executioner
Those arrested during the Great Purges of the late 1930s were either "first category arrests", i.e. listed for execution, or "second category arrests", listed for imprisonment and exile.
Some of those in the 1st category were tortured to secure confessions that they were secret Trotskyists, agents of foreign powers and so on. After show trials of the kind mounted in Moscow from 1936 to 1938, the accused were shot. Boky's confession was not good enough and, according to NKVD records examined by Razgon in the late 1980s, his father-in-law was shot on 15 November 1937 shortly after being found guilty.
Others were executed almost immediately. In his chapter about "Niyazov", whom he met in 1977 at Moscow's Cardiology Institute, Razgon tells what that former NKVD executioner had to say concerning the hundreds and thousands of victims of such operations, despatched with a bullet to the back of the head and buried at concealed locations all over the Soviet Union.
Memorial and the Clemency Commission
In 1988, Razgon and many others (e.g. Bulat Okudzhava) left the CPSU. For a while he joined the Italian Radical Party.
In 1989, Razgon was among the founders of the Memorial Society. He was also a member of the International PEN Club.
With many other prominent writers Razgon joined the Clemency Commission created by Boris Yeltsin and worked to secure the commutation of all death sentences to terms of imprisonment, arguing for the abolition of death penalty in Russia and reform of the judicial system.
In October 1993, during the confrontation between President Yeltsin and the Supreme Soviet, Razgon was one of the signatories of the Letter of Forty-Two.
Publications
Shestaja Stantsiya (The Sixth Station, 1964)
Odin God i Vsya Zhizn (One Year and All Life, 1973)
Sila Tyazhesti (Force of Gravity, 1979)
Zrimoe Znanie (Visible Knowledge, 1983)
Moskovskie Povesti (The Moscow Stories, 1983),
Glasnost years
Nepridumannoye (True Stories, 1988),
Pered Raskrytymi Delami (Before Opened Case Files Cases, 1991),
The 1990s
Plen v Svoyom Otechestve (A Captive in One's Homeland, 1994), an expanded version of True Stories
Pozavchera i Segodnya (The Day before Yesterday and Today, 1995)
In translation
Razgon's memoirs (Непридуманное, Nepridumannoe, 1988) have been translated into French, Italian and English and five other languages
La vie sans lendemains, Horay: Paris, 1991
True Stories, published in US (1995) and in the UK (1997)
Sin inventar NADA. El Polvo Anonimo del Gulag, 2013 (Spanish Edition)
Χωρίς Επινοήσεις, Athens 1990 (in Greek)
Awards
In 1998, to mark Razgon's 90th birthday, he was awarded the Order of Merit for the Fatherland of the fourth class for his personal contribution to Russian literature and his active participation in the country's democratic reforms. Razgon also received the Andrei Sakharov Prize for Writer's Civic Courage.
Further reading
References
External links
Pictures of Razgon.
Lev Emmanuilovic Razgon on Gardens of the Righteous Worldwide Committee - Gariwo
(publicly available unabridged Russian text)
1908 births
1999 deaths
People from Horki
People from Goretsky Uyezd
Belarusian Jews
Soviet Jews
NKVD officers
Soviet writers
20th-century Russian writers
Stalinism-era scholars and writers
Russian memoirists
Moscow State Pedagogical University alumni
Gulag detainees
Soviet dissidents
Soviet human rights activists
Soviet rehabilitations
Memorial (society)
Communist Party of the Soviet Union members
20th-century memoirists
Ehtisham Sultan (Urdu: ; Pashto: ) (born 17 April 1998 in Mansehra, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa), is a Pakistani cricketer.
Domestic career
Sultan made his debut for Abbottabad Falcons against Rawalpindi Rams in the 2015 Super 8 Twenty20 Cup. He got a score of 0* and didn't bowl as Rawalpindi won by 6 wickets. He played his next match against Peshawar Panthers in the 2015–16 National T20 Cup. He bowled for the first time in his career and got figures of 0/19 in 1 over. Abbottabad won the match by 6 wickets.
References
External Links
Ehtisham Sultan at Pakistan Cricket Board
Ehtisham Sultan at Cricket Archive
1998 births
Living people
Pakistani cricketers
Lahore Qalandars cricketers
Abbottabad cricketers
The Coupe de France 1974–75 was its 58th edition. It was won by AS Saint-Étienne which defeated RC Lens in the Final.
Round of 16
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
References
French federation
1974–75 domestic association football cups
1974-75
1974–75 in French football
Katherine Mary Razzall (born 31 October 1970) is a British journalist and television newsreader.
Early life and education
Razzall was born in Wandsworth, London, daughter of the British Liberal Democrat politician and parliamentarian Lord Razzall and his first wife, Elizabeth Christina (née Wilkinson). She was educated at the University of Oxford where she studied philosophy and modern languages at Pembroke College, Oxford.
Career
Razzall started her career on an ITN traineeship before working for Channel 4 News as a reporter.
After 15 years at Channel 4, Newsnight hired Razzall as a special correspondent in 2014. In May 2019, Newsnight promoted Razzall to UK editor. She presented Newsnight while standing in for the programme's main host Emily Maitlis in May 2020 during the scandal over Dominic Cummings. On 29 July 2021, it was announced that in November she would take the place of BBC News' arts editor Will Gompertz in the new role of its culture editor.
Personal life
Razzall has been married to the actor Oliver Milburn since 18 December 2004. The couple were honeymooning in Sri Lanka when the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami struck. They have a daughter. Previously, Razzall dated Milburn's friend, the actor Damian Lewis.
Razzall featured on the song "The 2nd Law: Unsustainable" by English rock band Muse, reading out words written by the lead singer, guitarist and lyricist Matt Bellamy.
References
External links
1970 births
British journalists
Living people
Alumni of Pembroke College, Oxford
Razzall family
People from Wandsworth
Daughters of life peers
California's 16th State Assembly district is one of 80 California State Assembly districts. It is currently represented by Democrat Rebecca Bauer-Kahan of Orinda.
District profile
The district is located in the East Bay. The most affluent State Assembly district, it consists of suburbs east of the Berkeley Hills, including Lamorinda, the Tri-Valley, and most of Walnut Creek. During Catharine Baker's time in office, it was the most Democratic seat held by a Republican in the Assembly.
Alameda County – 13.3% of Alameda County population
Dublin
Livermore
Pleasanton
Contra Costa County – 25.3% of Contra Costa County population
Alamo
Blackhawk
Danville
Diablo
Lafayette
Moraga
Orinda
Saranap
San Ramon
Walnut Creek – 82.5% of Walnut Creek population included
Election results from statewide races
List of Assembly Members
Due to redistricting, the 16th district has been moved around different parts of the state. The current iteration resulted from the 2011 redistricting by the California Citizens Redistricting Commission.
Election results 1992 - present
2020
2018
2016
2014
2012
2010
2008
2006
2004
2002
2000
1998
1996
1994
1992
See also
California State Assembly
California State Assembly districts
Districts in California
References
External links
District map from the California Citizens Redistricting Commission
16
Government of Alameda County, California
Government of Contra Costa County, California
Danville, California
Dublin, California
Lafayette, California
Livermore, California
Orinda, California
Pleasanton, California
San Ramon, California
Walnut Creek, California
Amador Valley
Government in the San Francisco Bay Area
A Touch of Grace is an American sitcom that was based on the British series For the Love of Ada starring Shirley Booth and J. Patrick O'Malley centering on a widow who moves in with her daughter and son-in-law and her romantic relationship with an elderly man. It aired on ABC from January 20 to April 21, 1973.
Cast
Shirley Booth...Grace Simpson
J. Patrick O'Malley...Herbert Morrison
Warren Berlinger...Walter Bradley
Marian Mercer...Myra Bradley
Synopsis
Recently widowed, in her 60s, living off her Social Security checks, and struggling to make a new life for herself, Grace Simpson moves in with her daughter and son-in-law, Myra and Walter Bradley. Grace is perky and young at heart, in sharp contrast to the stodgy and conservative Myra and Walter, and her presence disrupts their lives. Although Grace dates a lot, her steady boyfriend is Herbert Morrison, who works as a gravedigger. Myra and Walter disapprove of Graces relationship with Herbert.
Production
A Touch of Grace marked the return of Shirley Booth to television after the end of her long and successful run as the star of Hazel from 1961 to 1966, and it was also her last television series. Saul Turteltaub was the executive producer of the show, and Bernie Orenstein produced it. Episode directors included Carl Reiner and Bill Hobin. Writers included Turteltaub, Orenstein, Jeff Harris, Rick Mittleman, Bernie Kukoff, David Pollock, Elias Davis, and George Tibbles.
A Touch of Grace was based on the 1970-1971 British television series For the Love of Ada. It was an unusual show for its time, as it focused on an older couple falling in love at a time when American television networks were relentlessly pursuing a youthful viewership demographic. Critics viewed it as well written and well acted, and a good showcase for Shirley Booths talents.
Broadcast history
A Touch of Grace premiered on ABC on Saturday, January 20, 1973 at 8:30 P.M. It faced tough competition in its time slot from CBSs All in the Family and Bridget Loves Bernie and NBC's Emergency!. The sitcom preceded ABC's highly touted variety show The Julie Andrews Hour, which had just been moved from its Wednesday night 10:00 P.M. time slot to Saturday night at 9:00 P.M. in order to improve upon its marginal ratings. However, Andrews, in turn, had to compete with the highly rated CBS series The Mary Tyler Moore Show and The Bob Newhart Show. As a result, both A Touch of Grace and The Julie Andrews Hour garnered low ratings despite their critical acclaim. ABC cancelled both shows in April, 1973.
ABC broadcast reruns of A Touch of Grace in prime-time on Saturday evenings on April 28, 1973, and from May 12 to June 16, 1973.
Episodes
Source:
References
American Broadcasting Company original programming
1973 American television series debuts
1973 American television series endings
1970s American sitcoms
American television series based on British television series
English-language television shows
Television shows set in London
Kasugano (written: 春日野) is a family name in the Japanese language and may refer to:
Kasugano stable, is a stable of sumo wrestlers
Nara Kasugano International Forum Iraka
Yachiyo Kasugano, former member of the musical theater troupe Takarazuka Revue
Fictional characters
Haruka Kasugano, a main character in the anime/visual novel Yosuga No Sora
Sora Kasugano, one of the supporting characters in the anime/visual novel Yosuga No Sora
Hiyori Kasugano, one of the supporting characters in the anime/manga series Sketchbook: Full Color`s
Midori Kasugano, a main character in the anime Midori Days
Haruka Kasugano, one of the supporting characters in the anime Midori Days
Nene Kasugano, one of the supporting characters in the anime Potemayo
Anishazu Kasugano, the supporting characters in the anime Potemayo
Kira Kasugano, one of the supporting characters in the anime Potemayo
Ray Kasugano, a main character in the anime/manga series Ray
Dr. Kasugano, one of the supporting characters in the anime/manga series Ray
Sakura Kasugano, one of the supporting characters in the anime/video game series Street Fighter
Shion Kasugano, one of the supporting characters in the anime series Star-Myu
Sumire Kasugano, one of the supporting characters in the anime/manga series Mahou Tsukai Sally
Tsubaki Kasugano, one of the supporting characters in the anime Mirai Nikki
Urara Kasugano, one of the main characters in the anime Sabagebu!
Urara Kasugano, one of the main characters in the anime series Yes! Pretty Cure 5
Heizou Kasugano, one of the supporting characters in the anime series Yes! Pretty Cure 5
Michelle Kasugano, one of the supporting characters in the anime series Yes! Pretty Cure 5
Japanese-language surnames
The archaeological heritage of Sri Lanka can be divided into three ages; Prehistoric (Stone-age), Protohistoric (Iron age), and historical period. The presence of man activities in Sri Lanka probably dates from 75,000 years ago (late Pleistocene period). Prehistoric sites which are presently identified in the country are distributed from the maritime belt and the lowland plains of the wet and dry zones to the high plateaus and rain forests in the central and southwestern mountain regions of the island. The protohistoric period expands from about 1000 BC to the historical period at about 500 BC. The main indicators of the distribution of protohistoric and early settlements on the island are the megalithic burials and pottery sites.
The beginning of the historical period of Sri Lanka is traditionally assigned to the reign of King Devanampiya Tissa (307–267 BC) when the Buddhism was introduced to Sri Lanka by the missionaries sent by the Indian emperor Ashoka. However, the first clear information about the establishment of buildings and structures are dated back to the time of king Pandukabhaya (437–367 BC).
Sri Lanka's political and religious history is mainly set out by the ancient chronicles as well as over 4,000 stone inscriptions from the 3rd century BC onward. Which gives the history in considerable detail from the 3rd century and less reliably back to the 6th century BC.
Sri Lanka has more than 250,000 identified archaeological sites throughout the country and some of them have been declared as archaeological reserves and protected monuments by the Sri Lanka archaeological department. Archaeological reserves are sites that consist of archaeological remains which are under the direct control of the archaeological department. Protected monuments are privately owned but scheduled under section 18 of the Antiquities Ordinance No.09 of 1940.
Declaration of monuments
According to sections 16, 17, 18, and 19 of the Antiquities Ordinance No.09 of 1940, the minister who is in charge of the subject may declare the ancient monuments by notification published in the government Gazette.
Also under sections 16, 17, and 19, ancient buildings and trees on state or private lands, may be declared as ancient monuments to provide safety and protection for them.
Ancient construction with a historical and archaeological value which are over 100 years of age can also be declared as ancient monuments in terms of the provisions of the Antiquities (Amendment) Act No. 24 of 1988.
Central Province
Kandy District
Matale District
Nuwara Eliya District
Eastern Province
Ampara District
Batticaloa District
Trincomalee District
North Central Province
Anuradhapura District
Polonnaruwa District
North Western Province
Kurunegala District
Puttlam District
Northern Province
Jaffna District
Kilinochchi District
Mannar District
Mullaitivu District
Vavuniya District
Sabaragamuwa
Kegalle District
Ratnapura District
Southern Province
Galle District
Hambantota District
Matara District
Uva
Badulla District
Monaragala District
Western Province
Colombo District
Gampaha District
Kalutara District
See also
Ancient constructions of Sri Lanka
Solosmasthana
References
Notes
External links
Department of Archaeology – Sri Lanka
Ministry of Culture and the Arts
Archaeological sites in Sri Lanka
Archaeology
Archaeological
Sri Lanka
Lists of tourist attractions in Sri Lanka
Iazamir "Zamir" Gotta (Russian: Язамир Готта) is a Russian producer and broadcaster. He is best known as the travelling companion of American chef Anthony Bourdain in his Travel Channel TV show Anthony Bourdain: No Reservations, when they traveled to Uzbekistan, Russia and Romania and later in the U.S. Rust Belt, Ukraine, and Kansas City. Gotta also accompanied Bourdain in Batumi, during Bourdain's subsequent series, Parts Unknown. The two originally met during a two-part episode in Saint Petersburg, Russia for Bourdain's earlier series, A Cook's Tour which aired on the Food Network in 2002.
Gotta received his education from the Moscow State Pedagogical University (majoring in English). He worked as an instructor for military interpreters until the 1990s. During the Ukraine show, first aired in August, 2011, Gotta revealed that his heritage is a mix of Turkic (Tatar) and Jewish from the Crimea.
Gotta started as a freelance film producer, working on American film productions in Russia. Since 2006 he has been a consultant at the Trident Media Group in New York City. He was associate producer for the episode of the American documentary television series Cities of the Underworld titled "Stalin's Secret Lair," which first aired on the History Channel in 2008. He was also an associate producer for the Nova TV series documentary titled "Astrospies" (2008).
Anthony Bourdain: A Cook's Tour
Zamir first appeared in Bourdain's show, A Cook's Tour in two episodes:
The Cook Who Came In From the Cold
So Much Vodka, So Little Time
Anthony Bourdain: No Reservations
Gotta continued to work with Bourdain in his second series, No Reservations.
Uzbekistan: first aired, Travel Channel, October 24, 2005
Russia: first aired, Travel Channel, January 29, 2007
Romania: first aired, Travel Channel, February 25, 2008
Rust Belt (Baltimore, Maryland; Detroit, Michigan; Buffalo, New York): first aired, Travel Channel, July 27, 2009
Ukraine: first aired, Travel Channel, August 15, 2011
Kansas City: first aired, Travel Channel, April 16, 2012
Brooklyn, NY: first aired, Travel Channel, November 5, 2012
Anthony Bourdain: Parts Unknown
Gotta re-joined Bourdain in episodes of his new series, Parts Unknown.
Season 3, Episode 5: "Russia"
Season 7, Episode 5: "Tbilisi, Georgia"
References
External links
Living people
Crimean Tatar people
Russian film producers
Russian Jews
1957 births
A combination gun is a firearm that usually comprises at least one rifled barrel and one smoothbore barrel, that is typically used with shot or some types of shotgun slug. Most have been break-action guns, although there have been other designs as well. Combination guns using one rifled and one smoothbore barrel are commonly found in an over-and-under configuration, while the side-by-side configuration is usually referred to as a cape gun.
A combination gun with more than two barrels are called a (German for "triplet") with three barrels, a (German for "quadruplet") with four barrels, and a (German for "quintuplet") with five barrels. Combination guns generally use rimmed cartridges, as rimless cartridges are more difficult to extract from a break-action firearm.
Use
Combination guns have a long history in Europe, Middle East, Asia, and Africa that date back to the early days of cartridge firearms. These guns are almost exclusively hunting arms. The advantage of having a single firearm that can fire both cartridges designed for rifled and smoothbore barrels, is that a single gun can be used to hunt a very wide variety of game, from deer to game birds, and the shooter can choose the barrel appropriate for the target in seconds. As a result, they are popular with gamekeepers who often need the flexibility of the combination gun during their activities.
Firing mechanisms
The earliest combination guns were called swivel guns (not to be confused with the more widely known small cannon), which used a set of barrels designed to rotate to allow either the rifled or smoothbore barrel to line up with a flintlock mechanism. Modern combination guns tend to resemble double-barreled shotguns and double-barreled rifles, and are almost universally break open designs. Combination guns generally have a selector that allows the user to choose which barrel will fire. Drillings with two shotgun barrels and one rifle barrel may have two triggers, one for each shotgun barrel, and a selector that will allow one trigger to fire the rifle barrel. Four-barrel versions known as Vierlings generally have two triggers, and selectors to switch each between shotgun and rifle.
Layouts
Combination guns
Combination guns are over/under designs such as the Savage Model 24, usually with a rifled barrel over a smoothbore barrel. Iron sights are commonly used for aiming the rifle, and the front sight alone is sufficient to point the shotgun. Scope mounts are available for some designs.
An interesting combination gun is the United States Air Force M6 Aircrew Survival Weapon and its civilian version Springfield Armory M6 Scout, an all-metal folding combination gun in .22 Hornet over .410 bore or .22 Long Rifle over .410 bore.
Cape guns
A cape gun is a side-by-side version of a combination gun, and is typically European in origin. These were at one time popular in southern Africa where a wide variety of game could be encountered. British versions are commonly chambered for the .303 British service cartridge and a 12-gauge smoothbore barrel, with the rifled barrel positioned on the left. German and Austrian cape guns have the rifled barrel on the right side, which is fired by the front trigger. The front trigger is usually a set trigger as well. The German and Austrian versions are commonly chambered in 9.3×72mmR and 16-gauge, as were commonly carried by the old gamekeepers, although they were chambered in a wide variety of rifle and shotgun cartridges.
Drillings
Drillings (Drilling: German for triplet) normally consists of two matching smoothbore barrels and a rifled barrel (, common drilling), but may cover a much broader range of shapes and configurations:
Two matching rifled barrels and one smoothbore barrel
Two rifled barrels of different calibers (typically one rimfire and one centerfire) and one smoothbore barrel
Three matching smoothbore barrels
Three matching rifled barrels
Since drillings were generally made by small manufacturers, each maker would pick whichever layout they preferred, or whatever layout the customer ordered. The most common layout was a side-by-side shotgun with a centerfire rifled barrel centered on the bottom, such as the M30 Luftwaffe drilling. A similar arrangement of a side-by-side shotgun with a rifled barrel centered on top, generally a .22 caliber rimfire or .22 Hornet, was also fairly common.
Rarer were the drillings that used two rifled barrels and a single smoothbore barrel. These were harder to make, since, like a double-barreled rifle, the rifled barrels must be very carefully regulated, that is, aligned during manufacture to shoot to the same point of aim at a given distance. This requires more precision than regulation of double-barreled shotgun barrels, which are used at shorter ranges with wide patterns of shot where a small misalignment won't be significant. If the rifled barrels were the same caliber, then the three barrels were generally arranged in a triangle, both rifled barrels on top, or one rifled and the smoothbore barrel on top (this being known as a cross-eyed drilling). If the rifled barrels differed in caliber, generally the layout would be an over/under using the shotgun and a centerfire rifle barrel, with a rimfire rifle barrel mounted between and to one side. This configuration, with shotgun/centerfire/rimfire barrels, are the most desirable configuration for modern collectors.
The triple-barrel shotgun is the rarest configuration, and arguably is an odd variant of a double-barreled shotgun rather than a drilling, since it lacks the rifle/shotgun combination that all the other drillings have. The triple-barrel shotgun is generally laid out like a side-by-side shotgun, with the third barrel centered and below the other two. Although, the Chiappa Triple Crown has a triangular arrangement with one on top and two below. This gives the Triple Crown a single-barrel sight picture. The barrels are all the same gauge.
An unusual but notable drilling is the TP-82 Cosmonaut survival pistol, a short-barreled drilling pistol consisting of two 12.5 mm smoothbore barrels over a 5.45 mm rifled barrel, with a detachable shoulder stock. It was developed by the Soviet Union as a survival gun for their space program, and was in use from 1986 to 2006, when it was retired due to the fact that the unique ammunition it uses had degraded too far to be reliable.
Vierlings
Vierlings ("vierling" being German for "quadruplet") generally consist of two matching smoothbore barrels, a .22 caliber rimfire rifled barrel and a centerfire rifled barrel. Although, they can come in a variety of configurations. Vierlings are quite rare and are almost always custom made for the high-end commercial market. One example was the four-barreled Lancaster carbine, originally designed for the Maharajah of Rewa for hunting tigers.
See also
Chiappa Double Badger
Chiappa M6 Survival Gun
Chiappa Triple Crown
Flakvierling
LeMat Revolver
Marble Game Getter
Multiple-barrel firearm
Savage Model 24
S&T Daewoo K11
List of multiple-barrel firearms
Notes
References
Fjestad, S. P. Blue Book of Gun Values, 13th Edition.
Hunting rifles
Multiple-barrel firearms
Shotguns
Combination guns
Max Mikorey (15 September 1850 – 1 December 1907) was a German operatic tenor.
Life
Born in Weihmichl, Kingdom of Bavaria, Mikorey was the son of an economist. After he returned home from the Franco-Prussian War, he took singing lessons with Heinrich Vogl for a short time and then devoted himself to the stage career. He began at the Stadttheater in Zurich, then came to the Staatstheater am Gärtnerplatz in Munich, and in 1878 to the Hoftheater of the same city. In the beginning, he was used in unimportant tasks and immediately ventured into the field of the Heldentenor as Raoul. In 1882 he also got a small role in the Bayreuth premiere cast of Parsifal as a squire. Mikorey was awarded the title of Kammersänger for his outstanding services. Some of his most recognized achievements are Arnold, Lyonel, Stradella, Erik, Hüon, Walther von Stolzing, Tannhäuser, Don José, Manrico etc. In 1888 he sang Arindal in the posthumous premiere of Wagner's early work Die Feen.
Mikorey died in 1907 in Dessau at the age of 57.
Further reading
Ludwig Eisenberg: Großes biographisches Lexikon der Deutschen Bühne im XIX. Jahrhundert. Verlag von Paul List, Leipzig 1903, p. 675 f., ().
References
External links
Mikorey, Max on BMLO
German operatic tenors
1850 births
1907 deaths
People from Landshut (district)
19th-century German male musicians
Tonyn was launched in 1766 at Philadelphia (or North Carolina), as Hyacinth. Between 1772 and 1775 Hyacinth made two voyages as a slave ship in the triangular trade in enslaved people. She was renamed Tonyn in 1779. An American warship captured her in 1781 after a single-ship action.
Career
Hyacinth
Hyacinth was registered at Liverpool in 1772.
1st slave voyage (1772–1773): Captain James Salcraig sailed from Liverpool on 10 April 1772, bound for Bassa. Hyacinth arrived in Jamaica in early 1793. She had left Liverpool with 40 crew members and she had 12 when she arrived in Jamaica. She sailed from Jamaica on 25 July and arrived back at Liverpool on 20 September.
2nd slave voyage (1774–1775): Captain Salcraig sailed from Liverpool on 3 January 1774. On 25 July she was among the slavers "all well" at Bassa. Hyacinth arrived at St Johns, Antigua, on 4 March 1775 with 285 slaves. She sailed on 11 April and arrived back at Liverpool on 26 May.
Hyacinth first appeared in online volumes of Lloyd's Register (LR) in the 1776 issue.
Tonyn
Tonyn first appeared in LR in 1779.
Governor Tonyn (Tonyn) arrived at St Augustine on 26 October 1780 after a voyage of eight weeks from Liverpool. She sailed for Liverpool on 5 January 1781; she was very leaky and it was expected that she might stop at Charleston if necessary.
Fate
The sloop captured Tonyn on 9 January 1781. Saratoga took Tonyn into Cap-Français.
The capture, after a fierce battle, took place off the coast of then England's loyal province of East Florida. Tonyn had recently sailed from St. Augustine laden with turpentine, indigo, hides, and deerskins intended for Liverpool England. On 27 January, Saratoga and Tonyn reached Cap-Français, where Captain Young of Saratoga turned Tonyn over to the French Admiralty court.
On 28 March word arrived at St Augustine that Tonyn had been captured. The schooner Hero. Perry, master, sailed on 9 April for Cap-Français under a flag of truce to bring back Captain Wade and his crew. Hero returned on 26 April bringing only Wade and Tonyns doctor; Wade himself had been badly wounded in the engagement with Saratoga. Tonyn had been sold for £2,800; her cargo of turpentine had sold for a poor priee.
Citations
References
1766 ships
Age of Sail merchant ships of England
Liverpool slave ships
Captured ships
Orchowiec (, Orkhivets') is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzków, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Gorzków, west of Krasnystaw, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Orchowiec
Serbi may refer to:
Serbs, a South Slavic ethnic group in the Balkans
Sorbs, a West Slavic ethnic group in the eastern Germany
Serboi, a historical Sarmatian/Alanian group in the Caucasus
Šerbi, the vocalist of the Slovene pop group Agropop
Alternate form of Xianbei, an ancient people that lived in Manchuria and Mongolia.
Camp Olmsted may refer to:
Camp Olmsted (New York), a Five Points Mission summer camp and retreat in Cornwall-on-Hudson
Camp Olmsted (Pennsylvania), a Boy Scouts of America camp
Camp Olmsted (Virginia), part of Goshen Scout Reservation
The Honeymoon Tour was the second concert tour and the first arena tour by American singer Ariana Grande in support and to further promote her second studio album, My Everything (2014). It was officially announced on September 10, 2014. It traveled across North America, Europe, Asia and South America. The tour began on February 25, 2015, in Independence, Missouri, and concluded on October 25, 2015, in São Paulo, Brazil.
Background
On June 5, 2014, about a month before the release of "Break Free", the second single from My Everything, Grande confirmed plans of a tour in support of the upcoming album on her Twitter account. Grande said that she had signed her tour contract and would be visiting continents other than North America, making it her first world tour. At the time, there were many rumors of a fellow recording artist, Iggy Azalea, joining her on tour after their success on Grande's track, "Problem", but these rumors were proven false when Grande and Azalea announced separate headlining tours in September and December, respectively.
About a week after the release of My Everything, on September 10, 2014, Grande officially announced the tour's title, which is a reference to the opening track of her first album, Yours Truly (2013), and the tour's North American leg. The first leg, which was promoted by Live Nation, visited 26 cities across North America beginning on February 25, 2015, in Independenceand concluding on April 16, 2015, in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. Tickets for the first leg went on sale to the general public on September 20, 2014, through Live Nation's website. Supporting acts for the North American leg included the English pop rock band Rixton, who were promoting their first album, Let the Road (2015), and the Norwegian electronic dance music DJ Cashmere Cat.
The European leg of the tour was announced on November 17, 2014, about a week after Grande's performance and multiple wins at the 2014 MTV Europe Music Awards, in Glasgow, Scotland. The second leg started on May 14, 2015, in Paris and ended a month later on June 16, 2015, in Barcelona. Tickets for the second leg became available to the public four days after the announcement, on November 21, 2014.
In the months leading up to the tour, Grande had been publicly tweeting to her followers from rehearsals teasing them about the tour. To show her devotion for the tour, Grande tweeted, "These rehearsals are kicking my ass but I love it. Really want to make this show the best I'm capable of." Grande also shared a video from rehearsals that features her practicing with Mi.Mu Gloves, which she will be using onstage during her performances. Mi.Mu Gloves, which were designed and created by Imogen Heap, are used to alter the wearer's voice by moving their hands in different directions. In the rehearsal video, Grande can be seen singing chords from songs such as "Why Try" while practicing with the technologically advanced gloves. In another rehearsal video posted on the tour's official YouTube page, Grande shared the band arrangement of "One Last Time", the fifth and final single from My Everything, which includes an extended string introduction and a raised key change.
On February 25, 2015, Grande shared an Instagram video of a conversation between herself and her now-deceased grandfather, in which he gives her advice and shows support for her career. It was then revealed during the opening night show that the video is a part of a tribute dedicated to Grande's grandfather that takes place during every concert before she sings the ballad "My Everything". Also during the opening night of the tour, Cashmere Cat debuted a new collaboration between himself and Grande, which they had hinted at on Twitter weeks before the tour officially started. About a week after the tour had started, the song, officially titled "Adore", was released to iTunes and became available to stream on Vevo on March 3, 2015.
Commercial reception
Shortly after the tickets for the first leg went on sale, Forbes noted increasingly huge ticket prices for the tour. Jesse Lawrence reported that the average ticket price for the tour was about $225 on the secondary market after a couple of days of being on sale. He also mentioned that the most expensive date for the tour was in New York City with a price of $341, which was 51% above the tour's ticket average on the secondary market. Also in his report, Lawrence mentioned that the cheapest show, in Dallas, had an average ticket price of $191, which was only 15% below the tour's average price per ticket on the secondary market. Also noted in the article was that the rising ticket prices of Grande's tour had surpassed the ticket prices of Katy Perry and Lady Gaga. Tickets for Perry's Prismatic World Tour (2014–2015) averaged about $216 on the secondary market, which was 4% below Grande's tour average, and tickets for Gaga's ArtRave: The Artpop Ball (2014) were about $169 per ticket on the secondary market, which was around 25% lower than Grande's tour average at the time.
In the following months, the average ticket prices began to drop gradually. In late September 2014, the average price on the secondary market was $201 according to TiqIQ. The most expensive date on the secondary market had changed from New York City to San Jose at $456 per ticket. In January 2015, it was reported that the average ticket price on the secondary market had dropped again, to about $178 per ticket on the secondary market. By February 2015, the average ticket price for Grande's tour dropped to $168 per ticket. The most expensive date shifted back to New York City and the least expensive date changed from Dallas to Independence, with a price of $91, which was 44% below the tour's average price at the time. In comparison to other pop stars, Grande fell behind the likes of Perry and Taylor Swift, but managed to top other artists such as Meghan Trainor. Trainor's That Bass Tour (2015) averaged about $147 per ticket on the secondary market, which was 12.5% below Grande's average price per ticket. At the other end of the spectrum, Perry's tickets increased slightly to an average of $221 and Swift's tickets for the 1989 World Tour (2015) were $294 per ticket on the secondary market.
At the end of 2015, the tour was placed at number 40 on Pollstars "2015 Year-End Top 100 Worldwide Tours" list, grossing $41.8 million from 81 shows with a total attendance of 808,667.
Critical response
In a positive review of the opening show in Independence, Timothy Finn of The Kansas City Star praised Grande for her energy and enthusiasm when singing and dancing along with her crew. Finn described the show as an "extravagant mix of music, dance, lasers, videos, pyrotechnics, and costume changes, akin to the kinds of audio-visual spectacles delivered by fellow pop-divas like Katy Perry and Britney Spears". He also noted that, even though Grande claimed to be nervous, it did not show. One complaint made by Finn was the level of volume in the arena. He wrote, "The sound was an issue at times, mostly due to high volume." He went on to say, "During a few songs, it was so loud her voice was hard to hear over the music and other noise and lyrics were hard to decipher."
In another positive review, Jhon Moser of The Morning Call wrote, "Grande's concert at Philadelphia's was very good largely because of her voice," and said, "She's simply one of the most pristine, technically talented singers in all music." Moser went on to say, "From the opening 'Bang Bang,' she immediately showed off her singing chops, offering skyrocket vocals amid actual fireworks." Moser enjoyed the show, but said "despite its grandeur, that presentation never upstaged the music. The biggest reason for that was that Grande's four-octave voice was more than grand in itself – high and clear, hitting an ethereal note, and even doing some speedy rapping, on "Be My Baby." Morse too praised Grande for her "stratospheric vocals" on Pink Champagne's performance. He continued on to say that "Grande clearly feels comfortable in her talent. She danced free-spirited and without inhibition, even in tall black heels on "Break Your Heart Right Back." Moser liked the idea of making a proper show, "she successfully walked the line between sensuous and appropriate for the largely young-teen audience" and said "she also succeeded in making the concert classy instead of hyper-sexualized as most post-Disney and Nickelodeon singers have".
Piet Levy of the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel criticized the show heavily by writing that Grande "isn't ready for the big leagues". Elaborating on his comment, Levy went on to say that the performance "didn't signify the birth of the next superstar. Most of the time, it felt like a dress rehearsal". Levy continued to pick apart the performance by stating it was "uninspired and misguided", while also commenting that Grande's "confused, uncertain, insecure" presence throughout the show. He also noted that Grande seemingly held back vocally on songs such as "Bang Bang" and "Why Try", which he also criticized for the use of the Mi.Mu Gloves writing, "Who honestly thought chopping up and electronically manipulating Grande's pretty voice was a good idea?" Despite the harsh criticism, Levy applauded Grande for her "sensational vocals" during performances of the ballads "My Everything" and "Just a Little Bit of Your Heart".
In another mixed review from Jon Bream of the Star Tribune, Bream simply stated, "Grande's not big enough to pull off [an] arena spectacle." He continued to say that the performance "was too busy, dimly lit and just ill conceived". He also felt that "the emphasis should have been on the vocals, Grande's forte, and not on overcooked attempts at pizazz". Then he said, praising the singer, "What you want from Grande in concert is grand vocalizing, that four-octave range cascading with deep emotion. At times, it was evident, especially when there were no dancers onstage." He went on to compare some of the tour's aspects to the likes of Katy Perry, Cher and Madonna, but not in a positive way. He also disliked the use of the Mi.Mu Gloves, writing, "With such a terrific voice in an era of few stand-out female voices, why would Grande want to muck things up with technology?" Bream too praised Grande for her outstanding vocals on the track "Just a Little Bit of Your Heart", writing, "It was her most focused and heartfelt vocal of the evening." Bream complimented Grande on her "prodigious pipes" during up-tempo pieces such as "Love Me Harder". "Grande displayed her prodigious pipes on up-tempo pieces, too, including "Love Me Harder", which started with her alone atop a pedestal that rose at the back of the stage."
Set list
This set list is of the concert on February 28, 2015. It does not represent all concerts for the duration of the tour.
"Bang Bang"
"Hands On Me"
"Baby I”
"Best Mistake"
"Break Your Heart Right Back"
"Be My Baby"
"Right There"
"The Way"
"Pink Champagne"
"Tattooed Heart"
"One Last Time"
"Why Try"
"My Everything"
"Just a Little Bit of Your Heart"
“Lovin' It”
"Love Me Harder"
"All My Love"
"Honeymoon Avenue"
"Break Free"
Encore
"Problem"
Shows
Cancelled shows
Notes
References
2015 concert tours
Ariana Grande concert tours
Concert tours of North America
Concert tours of the United States
Concert tours of Canada
Concert tours of Mexico
Concert tours of Europe
Concert tours of the United Kingdom
Concert tours of South America
Concert tours of Asia
Concert tours of Japan
Ronald Dassen (born 22 August 1975) is a retired Dutch football defender.
References
1975 births
Living people
Dutch footballers
Fortuna Sittard players
Helmond Sport players
K.S.K. Tongeren players
RKSV Groene Ster players
Dutch expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Dutch expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
Eredivisie players
Eerste Divisie players
Association football defenders
William Henry Chipchase (November 6, 1885 – April 30, 1941) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played left wing for the Montreal Wanderers of the National Hockey Association. In 1910, Montreal Wanderers won the Stanley Cup. Bill Chipchase played one regular season for the team and his name is on the Stanley Cup with the 1907 Montreal Wanderers. He dressed but did not play in the 1907 challenge series in Winnipeg on March 23 and 25. This was the series where the Wanderers regained the Stanley Cup that the club lost to the Kenora Thistles in January 1907. His name was spelt as "Mr. Chipchase" instead of "W. R. Chipchase", as the W was listed upside down as an M. This was the first name that was spelt wrong in Stanley Cup history.
References
External links
Bill Chipchase at JustSportsStats
1885 births
1941 deaths
Anglophone Quebec people
Canadian ice hockey left wingers
Ice hockey people from Quebec
Montreal Wanderers (NHA) players
Sportspeople from Montreal
Stanley Cup champions
"Umshini wami", also known as "Awuleth' Umshini Wami" (English, Bring My Machine), is a Nguni language struggle song used formerly by members of Umkhonto we Sizwe, the military wing of the African National Congress during the struggle against Apartheid in South Africa with machine allegedly referencing machine gun. Nowhere in the song is the term "machine gun" used, but the reference is strong. Most recently, the song is identified with the persona of Jacob Zuma, the ex President of South Africa, and is often sung at rallies which involve him and his supporters, including the ANC Youth League.
Lyrics
Popularity and controversy
In October 2006, the song was made available by Zuma's defence fund as a ringtone on its website. The song has gained controversy in 21st-century South Africa because of its association with the violence of the apartheid period, and is seen as misplaced by some people because of the rise in violent crime throughout the country since the current multiracial order began in 1994. In 2008, Zuma expressed displeasure when the song was sung by violent, xenophobic mobs.
In 2011 Die Antwoord released a short film titled Umshini Wam, that was written and directed by Harmony Korine, who also wrote the screenplay for Larry Clark's feature film Kids. The 16-minute short features Ninja and Yo-Landi Visser of Die Antwoord as a disabled couple who are passionate fans of "gangsta rap" and use wheelchairs for mobility.
Umdzidzi wami
Since the Jacob Zuma rape trial, several more versions of this song have been made. Some of the versions contain lyrics of a satirical nature, such as a remix of the song by See4, in which the song refers to a microphone instead of a machine gun. The song is sung in Swati language and is called "Umdzidzi wami" ("Bring my buttocks/ass"), or "Khawuleth umdzidzi wami".
References
Zulu-language mass media
Protest songs
Aco Mavec (8 December 1929 – 17 August 1982) was a Slovene painter, best known for his illustrations of children's books and comics.
He won the Levstik Award for his illustrations of Robert Louis Stevenson's Treasure Island (Otok zakladov) in 1966.
Selected illustrated works
Hotel sem prijeti sonce (I Wanted to Touch the Sun), written by Tone Partljič, 1981
Uganke (Riddles), written by Helena Bizjak, 1980
Stopinje po zraku in kako sta jih odkrila Naočnik in Očalnik, mojstra med detektivi (Footprints in the Air and How They Were Discovered by Specs and Goggles, Master Detectives), written by Leopold Suhodolčan, 1977
Na večerji s krokodilom: nove detektivske mojstrovine Naočnika in Očalnika (Dinner With the Crocodile, the New Detective Adventures of Specs and Goggles, written by Leopold Suhodolčan, 1976
Naočnik in očalnik, mojstra med detektivi (Specs and Goggles, Master Detectives), written by Leopold Suhodolčan, 1973
Potopljeni mesec (The Sunken Moon), written by Janez Juvan, 1965
References
Slovenian male painters
Slovenian children's book illustrators
Slovenian illustrators
Slovenian cartoonists
Slovenian caricaturists
Slovenian comics artists
1929 births
1982 deaths
Levstik Award laureates
University of Ljubljana alumni
20th-century Slovenian painters
20th-century Slovenian male artists
The following lists events that have happened in 1833 in the Qajar dynasty, Iran.
Incumbents
Monarch: Fat′h-Ali Shah Qajar
Death
October 25 – Crown Prince Abbas Mirza died in Mashhad, Iran.
References
Iran
Years of the 19th century in Iran
1830s in Iran
Iran
The 1961 Giro di Lombardia was the 55th edition of the Giro di Lombardia cycle race and was held on 21 October 1961. The race started in Milan and finished in Como. The race was won by Vito Taccone of the Atala team.
General classification
References
1961
Giro di Lombardia
Giro di Lombardia
1961 Super Prestige Pernod
Qeshlaq-e Mohammad Beyg (), also rendered as Qeshlaq-e Mohammad Beyk, may refer to:
Qeshlaq-e Mohammad Beyg-e Olya, Ardabil Province, Iran
Qeshlaq-e Mohammad Beyg-e Sofla, Ardabil Province, Iran
Bryant Martin Gammiero is an American soccer player who plays as a goalkeeper.
Career
Semi-professional & Professional
Gammiero played with NPSL side Miami United in 2018. In May 2019, he joined United Premier Soccer League side Florida Soccer Soldiers, featuring for the amateur club in its notable run in the Lamar Hunt US Open Cup, reaching the Third Round with wins over Miami FC and USL Championship's Charlotte Independence.
In September 2020, Gammiero joined Miami FC for their NISA season, making a single appearance. He stayed with the side during their move to the USL Championship in 2020. He made his USL debut on August 16, 2020, earning Miami its first league point in a 1–1 draw against rival Tampa Bay Rowdies.
Career Statistics
Honors
Miami FC
National Independent Soccer Association
East Coast Championship (1): 2019
References
External links
Bryant Martin Gammiero profile on USL Championship
Bryant Martin Gammiero profile on Miami FC
1993 births
Living people
American soccer players
Association football goalkeepers
Miami FC players
National Premier Soccer League players
USL Championship players
National Independent Soccer Association players
People from Miami
Soccer players from Florida
Sportspeople from the Miami metropolitan area
Reba Maybury (born 1990), also known as Mistress Rebecca, is a British-Pakistani artist.
Early life and education
Maybury was born in Oxford in 1990 to a Pakistani mother and a Welsh father and has a younger sister.
Exhibitions
Solo/duo exhibitions
Faster than an erection, Museum of Contemporary Art (MACRO), Rome, 2021
Moralists at a Costume Party, Huset for Kunst og Design, Holstebro, Denmark, 2021
A-good-individual, schwarzescafé LUMA Westbau, Zurich, 2019
My Deep Secret (with Will Sheldon), Arcadia Missa, London, 2018
Fish Wives (with Claire Barrow), Paramount Ranch (with Shoot The Lobster), United States, 2016
Group exhibitions
Witchhunt, Kunsthal Charlottenborg, Copenhagen, 2020
The Monstrous Bouquet, Omstand, Arnhem, 2020
Do You Love Me?, P.P.O.W , New York, 2019
Paint, Also Known as Blood, Museum of Modern Art, Warsaw, 2019
I, I, I, I, I, I, I, Kathy Acker, ICA, London, 2019
Putting Out, Gavin Brown's Enterprise, New York, 2018
Prick Up Your Ears!, Karma International, Los Angeles, 2018
Bibliography
Faster than an erection, with a poem by Cassandra Troyan. Wet Satin Press and MACRO, 2021.
BINTS! A Conversation Between Mistress Rebecca and the Elysium Harvester, Wet Satin Press, 2019
Dining with Humpty Dumpty, Wet Satin Press, 2017 and Arcadia Missa, 2019
The Goddess and the Worm, Wet Satin Press, 2015
References
1990 births
Living people
Alumni of Central Saint Martins
Academics of Central Saint Martins
British people of Pakistani descent
English feminists
English dominatrices
English feminist writers
Feminist artists
British socialist feminists
Shared may refer to:
Sharing
Shared ancestry or Common descent
Shared care
Shared-cost service
Shared decision-making in medicine
Shared delusion, various meanings
Shared government
Shared intelligence or collective intelligence
Shared library
Shared morality
Shared ownership
Shared parenting or shared custody
Shared property
Shared reading
Shared secret
Shared services
Shared universe, in fiction
Shared vision planning, in irrigation
Shared workspace
Science and technology
Shared medium, in telecommunication
Shared neutral, in electric circuitry
Shared pair, in chemistry
Shared vertex (or shared corner or common corner), point of contact between polygons, polyhedra, etc.
Shared edge, line of contact between polygons, polyhedra, etc.
Computing
Shared agenda, in groupware
Shared computing
Shared desktop
Shared data structure
Shared IP address
Shared memory architecture
Shared memory (interprocess communication)
Shared resource
Shared read lock
Shared Source Initiative
Shared web hosting service
Transportation
Shared space, in civil engineering
Shared lane marking
Shared Zone
Shared transport
Share taxi
Companies
Shared Experience, a British theatre company
Geography
Shared, Iran, a village in Qazvin Province
See also
Share (disambiguation)
Shard (disambiguation)
Carter Jones (May 6, 1913—Sept 4, 1968) was an American freelance photographer.
Early life and education
Carter Jones was born on May 6, 1913 in Washington D.C. and attended St. Bernard Prep School in Cullman, Alabama and Mercer University in Macon, Georgia. After studying creative writing at Princeton University he spent eight years in the 1940s as an advertising copywriter for New York City agencies.
Commercial photographer
In 1948, he moved to Paris to study art at the Académie Julian, and a friend gave him a Rolleiflex camera that he continued to use throughout his career. His street photography, a photo essay of a beggar and nuns (shot from the window of his flat) was published in Life and reproduced in the US Camera Annual of 1954. The notoriety gained him freelance work, mainly shooting fashion, for Paris Match, Femina, Le Figaro, Le Jardin des Modes and The Illustrated London News. He met Manine Auroux, an employee of Jacques Fath, whom he married in Paris in 1949 and with whom he returned to the USA, where she was granted permanent residency in 1953. There, he continued in commercial photography, including human interest stories with publication also in photography annuals of the period.
The couple had five children; two girls and three boys, including a boy and girl from Jones' previous marriage, and the children appeared in many of Jones' photographs, including in advertising for Scott Paper Products, Canada Dry, Total Cereal and others, and US Camera 1962, p.155, features his picture showing brothers playing in the hay, a photo also used in Caroline Kennedy's A Patriot's Handbook.
Recognition
In 1955, Edward Steichen, director of the photography department of the Museum of Modern Art, selected one of Jones' photographs for the world-touring exhibition The Family of Man that was seen by 9 million visitors. Jones' photograph shows three of his own children climbing in, and enveloped by, the bright, leafy canopy of a large tree. His work was also exhibited in a reconfiguration of Steichen's show in 1959 as part of the American National Exhibition held in Moscow at Sokolniki Park.
Death
On September 4, 1968 Carter Jones was killed in a plane crash while returning from an assignment in a single-engine Piper Cherokee being piloted through dense fog by aerial photographer Louis Haslbeck, the owner of the Manahawkin Airport where they were trying to land. The aircraft clipped 35-foot cedar trees and plowed into a bog. His wife, waiting for him in her car, heard the impact. He was 57 years old.
References
External links
Carter Jones memorial site
American photographers
Life (magazine) photojournalists
1913 births
1968 deaths
Fashion photographers
Mufasa is a song recorded by Nigerian singer-songwriter Tekno, it was released in February 23, 2022, by PWRS and Cartel Entertainment. It was written by Tekno and produced by Yung Willis.
The song received mostly positive reviews from music critics and tops the Apple Music on top 100 charts in Nigeria, and debut at 23 on TurnTable Top 50 chart.
Background and reception
Tekno returns after dropping his debut album Old Romance to announce the release of Mufasa.
The song is characterised as an Afropop song with elements of R&B.
The music video was released this same day, on the 23 February 2022.
Commercial performance
The video debut on Soundcity's Naija Top 20, and also on MTV Base's Official Naija Top 10. It peaks at 23 on TurnTable Top 50 chart and spent one week.
OkayAfrica describe the style ‘on the elements he typically masters, afro-fusion percussion, light synths and a strong vocal delivery' and include it on the Best Nigerian Songs of the Month (February).
Release history
References
2022 songs
2022 singles
Nigerian afropop songs
Vice Admiral Sir Wilfred Hastings "Arch" Harrington (17 May 1906 – 17 December 1965) was a senior officer in the Royal Australian Navy (RAN), who served as First Naval Member and Chief of the Naval Staff from 1962 to 1965.
Naval service
Born as the son of Hubert Ernest Harrington and his wife Laura Irene Barton, "Arch" Harrington was educated at Wychbury Preparatory School in Maryborough. In 1924, he joined the Royal Australian Naval College as a cadet midshipman. He served in the Second World War initially in command of the sloop HMAS Yarra, in which he saw action off the coast of Shatt al-Arab in Iraq in May 1941 and for which role he was mentioned in despatches. For his services in the War against Persia in August 1941 he was awarded the Distinguished Service Order. In February 1942 he moved to the cruiser HMAS Australia as Executive Officer, in which role he was again mentioned in dispatches, and in July 1944 he took command of the destroyer HMAS Quiberon.
Promoted to captain in 1947, he was given command of the destroyer HMAS Warramunga and in 1950 became Director of Manning at the Navy Office in Melbourne. He took command of the aircraft carrier HMAS Sydney in 1955, and following his promotion to rear admiral in 1957, he became Flag Officer, East Australia Area. He went on to be Second Naval Member of the Naval Board in 1958, Flag Officer commanding HM Australian Fleet in 1959 and First Naval Member and Chief of Naval Staff in 1962.
Post Service and death
Harrington was appointed Commissioner-General for Australia at Expo 67, but died in Canberra Hospital in December 1965. On 20 December, the ashes of Vice Admiral Sir Hastings Harrington were scattered from HMAS Vampire off the coast of Sydney.
Family
In 1945 he married Agnes Janet Winser; they had two sons and two daughters.
References
Sources
|-
1906 births
1965 deaths
Royal Australian Navy personnel of World War II
Companions of the Distinguished Service Order
Companions of the Order of the Bath
Australian Knights Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Graduates of the Royal Australian Naval College
People from Queensland
Royal Australian Navy admirals
Military personnel from Queensland
Five ships of the Royal Navy have been named HMS Achates after Achates, a character in Roman mythology. A sixth was planned but never completed:
was a 13-gun ship launched in 1573, hulked in 1590 and sold in 1605.
was a 10-gun launched in 1808 and wrecked in 1810 off Guadeloupe.
was a 16-gun brig-sloop, originally the French Milan, launched in 1807, that HMS Surveillante captured on 30 October 1809, and that was sold in 1818.
was an launched in 1912 and sold in 1921.
was an A-class destroyer launched in 1929 and sunk in 1942 by the German cruiser .
HMS Achates was to have been an . She was launched in 1945, but was never completed, and was sunk as a target in 1950.
A fictional HMS Achates, a 64-gun ship of the line, appears in Success to the Brave, the 15th novel in the Richard Bolitho series written by Douglas Reeman (writing as Alexander Kent).
References
Royal Navy ship names
Agh Bolagh-e Mostafa Khan (, also Romanized as Āgh Bolāgh-e Moşţafá Khān; also known as Āgh Bolāgh) is a village in Vilkij-e Markazi Rural District, Vilkij District, Namin County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 624, in 140 families.
References
Towns and villages in Namin County
The MicroBlaze is a soft microprocessor core designed for Xilinx field-programmable gate arrays (FPGA). As a soft-core processor, MicroBlaze is implemented entirely in the general-purpose memory and logic fabric of Xilinx FPGAs.
MicroBlaze was introduced in 2002.
Overview
In terms of its instruction set architecture, MicroBlaze is similar to the RISC-based DLX architecture described in a popular computer architecture book by Patterson and Hennessy. With few exceptions, the MicroBlaze can issue a new instruction every cycle, maintaining single-cycle throughput under most circumstances.
The MicroBlaze has a versatile interconnect system to support a variety of embedded applications. MicroBlaze's primary I/O bus, the AXI interconnect, is a system-memory mapped transaction bus with master–slave capability. Older versions of the MicroBlaze used the CoreConnect PLB bus. The majority of vendor-supplied and third-party IP interface to AXI directly (or through an AXI interconnect). For access to local-memory (FPGA RAM), MicroBlaze uses a dedicated LMB bus, which provides fast on-chip storage. User-defined coprocessors are supported through dedicated AXI4-Stream connections. The coprocessor(s) interface can accelerate computationally intensive algorithms by offloading parts or the entirety of the computation to a user-designed hardware module.
Many aspects of the MicroBlaze can be user configured: cache size, pipeline depth (3-stage, 5-stage, or 8-stage), embedded peripherals, memory management unit, and bus-interfaces can be customized. The area-optimized version of MicroBlaze, which uses a 3-stage pipeline, sacrifices clock frequency for reduced logic area. The performance-optimized version expands the execution pipeline to 5 stages, allowing top speeds of more than 700 MHz (on Virtex UltraScale+ FPGA family). Also, key processor instructions which are rarely used but more expensive to implement in hardware can be selectively added/removed (e.g. multiply, divide, and floating point operations). This customization enables a developer to make the appropriate design trade-offs for a specific set of host hardware and application software requirements.
With the memory management unit, MicroBlaze is capable of hosting operating systems requiring hardware-based paging and protection, such as the Linux kernel. Otherwise it is limited to operating systems with a simplified protection and virtual memory model, e.g. FreeRTOS or Linux without MMU support. MicroBlaze's overall throughput is substantially less than a comparable hard CPU core (such as the ARM Cortex-A9 in the Zynq).
Vivado
Xilinx's Vivado Design Suite is the development environment for building current MicroBlaze (or ARM - see Zynq) embedded processor systems in Xilinx FPGAs. Older versions used Xilinx's EDK (Embedded Development Kit) development package.
Designers use the Vivado IP Integrator to configure and build the hardware specification of their embedded system (processor core, memory-controller, I/O peripherals, etc.) The IP Integrator converts the designer's block design into a synthesizeable RTL description (Verilog or VHDL), and automates the implementation of the embedded system (from RTL to the bitstream-file.) For the MicroBlaze core, Vivado generates an encrypted (non human-readable) netlist.
The SDK handles the software that will execute on the embedded system. Powered by the GNU toolchain (GNU Compiler Collection, GNU Debugger), the SDK enables programmers to write, compile, and debug C/C++ applications for their embedded system. Xilinx's tools provides the possibility of running software in simulation, or using a suitable FPGA-board to download and execute on the actual system.
Purchasers of Vivado are granted a perpetual license to use MicroBlaze in Xilinx FPGAs with no recurring royalties. The license does not grant the right to use MicroBlaze outside of Xilinx's devices.
Alternative compilers and development tools have been made available from Altium but an EDK installation and license is still required.
Open source
In June 2009, MicroBlaze became the first soft-CPU architecture to be merged into the mainline Linux kernel source tree. This work was performed by Michal Simek and supported by PetaLogix and Xilinx.
As of September 2009, MicroBlaze GNU tools support is also being contributed to the Free Software Foundation's mainline repositories. Support for MicroBlaze is included in GCC releases starting with version 4.6
Support was added to LLVM in April 2010, but subsequently removed in July 2013 due to a lack of maintainers.
Clones
aeMB, implemented in Verilog, LGPL license
OpenFire subset, implemented in Verilog, MIT license
MB-Lite, implemented in VHDL, LGPL license
MB-Lite+, implemented in VHDL, LGPL license
myBlaze, implemented in MyHDL, LGPL license
SecretBlaze, implemented in VHDL, GPL license
Other soft processors
Nios II
TSK3000
Xtensa
LatticeMico32
ARC
RISC-V (A number of open source soft cores are available. At least one is packaged for Vivado.)
ARM_Cortex-M (Cortex-M1 and Cortex-M3 soft cores are available in Vivado)
See also
OpenCores - a home for many open source soft processor projects
PicoBlaze
References
External links
MicroBlaze on Xilinx website
Soft microprocessors
Rabbi Rebecca Trachtenberg Alpert (born April 12, 1950) is an American professor of Jewish American religious history, and was one of the first congregational women rabbis. Her chief speciality is sexuality in Judaism, and she says that her beliefs were transformed by a Sabbath prayer book (Siddur Nashim) that refers to God as 'She'.
Early life and education
Rebecca Alpert was born in Brooklyn, New York, to Sylvia and Irving Trachtenberg. She attended Erasmus Hall High School and Barnard College before getting her Ph.D. in religion at Temple University and her rabbinical training at the Reconstructionist Rabbinical College (RRC) in Wyncote, Pennsylvania, outside Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Her specialization is in American and especially Jewish American religious history, and she focuses on issues related to gender, sexuality and race. Her thinking about many of these issues was shaped by her teachers, who included Elaine Pagels and Mordecai Kaplan, the founder of Reconstructionist Judaism.
Career
After completing her Ph.D. and receiving her rabbinic ordination, Alpert worked on a contractual basis with a number of synagogues in the U.S. and Canada. In this capacity she was among a handful of the first generation of congregational women rabbis. She came out as a lesbian in 1986. She divorced her husband Joel Alpert (with whom she has two children: Lynn and Avi) and became partners with Christie Balka. During this time she also taught courses in Holocaust Studies at Rutgers University, and she was the Dean of Students at the RRC until 1987. Thereafter she served in several capacities at Temple University: as Director of Adult Programs, Director of the Program in Women's Studies, and finally a faculty member in the departments of religion and women's studies.
Alpert's research has focused on explaining and expounding the Reconstructionist tradition, the place of gays and lesbians in Jewish religious history, and the relationships between Jews, blacks, and sports during the years 1930–1950. Her book on that topic, Out of Left Field: Jews and Black Baseball, was published by Oxford University Press. She has also edited several volumes and published articles on a wide range of topics including sexuality in Judaism, the definition of who is Jewish and who is not, gay liberation theology, Alvin Dark, and Jackie Robinson. Her book Like Bread on the Seder Plate: Jewish Lesbians and the Transformation of Tradition from Columbia University Press received the 1998 Lambda Literary Award for best LGBT book on religion. She also wrote "Finding Our Past: A Lesbian Interpretation of the Book of Ruth," which was included in Reading Ruth: Contemporary Women Reclaim a Sacred Story, edited by J. A. Kates and G.T. Reimer (1994). Geoffrey Claussen describes Alpert as contributing to musar literature.
She has lectured at a number of colleges and universities, including Columbia, UPenn, Princeton and Swarthmore and is an active public intellectual who writes for mainstream publications and frequently speaks at rallies and on panels in the Philadelphia region and beyond. Alpert is a recipient of a Christian R. and Mary F. Lindback Distinguished Teaching Award. She has recently taught courses on religion in American public life, Jews, America and sports, and sexuality in world religions.
Alpert is currently a Professor in the Departments of Religion and Gender, Sexuality, and Women's Studies at Temple University, and Senior Associate Dean of the College of Liberal Arts. She has mentored several graduate students, including Marie Dallam, author of Cowboy Christians and Brett Krutzsch, author of Dying to Be Normal: Gay Martyrs and the Transformation of American Sexual Politics, both from Oxford University Press. According to her faculty website: "In the past several years her research has focused on religion and sports. Out of Left Field: Jews and Black Baseball, was published by Oxford University Press in June 2011. Religion and Sports: An Introduction and Case Studies was published by Columbia University Press in May 2015." An anthology, co-edited with Arthur Remillard, Gods, Games, and Globalization: New Perspectives on Religion and Sport was published by Mercer University Press in 2019.
Israel
Alongside Katherine Franke, a Columbia Law School professor, Alpert publicly canceled her scheduled appearance at the Equality Forum's 2012 Global LGBT Summit in Philadelphia to protest Israel's policies toward the Palestinians, accusing the organizers of the forum of becoming "cheerleaders for Israel."
Siddur Nashim
She commented (Reform Judaism, Winter 1991):
Siddur Nashim was published in 1976 by Naomi Janowitz and Margaret Wenig.
Personal life
She is a lesbian.
Works
Articles by Rebecca Alpert on the Berman Jewish Policy Archive @ NYU Wagner
Exploring Judaism: A Reconstructionist Approach with Jacob Staub, (Reconstructionist Press, 1985 and rev.ed. 2000)
Lesbian Rabbis: The First Generation, editor, with Sue Elwell and Shirley Idelson, (Rutgers University Press, 2001)
Like Bread on the Seder Plate: Jewish Lesbians and the Transformation of Tradition (Columbia University Press, 1997)
The Life and Thought Of Tehilla Lichtenstein (booklet)
Voices of the Religious Left: A Contemporary Sourcebook, editor (Temple University Press, 2000)
Whose Torah?: A Concise Guide to Progressive Judaism (The New Press, 2008)
Out of Left Field: Jews and Black Baseball (Oxford University Press, 2011)
Religion and Sports: An Introduction and Case Studies (Columbia University Press, 2015)
Gods, Games, and Globalization: New Perspectives on Religion and Sport, editor, with Arthur Remillard (Mercer University Press, 2019)
References
Further reading
1950 births
Living people
Writers from Brooklyn
LGBT rabbis
LGBT people from New York (state)
American Reconstructionist rabbis
Jewish scholars
American Jewish theologians
Women rabbis
Jewish American writers
LGBT theologians
Temple University alumni
Barnard College alumni
Temple University faculty
Lambda Literary Award winners
Erasmus Hall High School alumni
Religious leaders from New York City
Women Jewish theologians
Jewish ethicists
American lesbian writers
Reconstructionist Jewish feminists
21st-century American Jews
21st-century American women
Jaden Brown (born 24 January 1999) is an English professional footballer who plays as a defender for Sheffield Wednesday.
Career
Early career
Brown signed to the Tottenham Hotspur youth academy in July 2015. At the beginning of the 2019 transfer window Brown was sold on a free transfer to Huddersfield Town. He went immediately out on loan to Exeter City for the rest of the season. On 24 August 2019 Brown made his home debut for Huddersfield against Reading, he received a yellow card in the match in the 2–0 loss. He would leave Huddersfield Town at the end of the 2021-21 season, when his contract was not renewed.
Sheffield Wednesday
On 14 July 2021, he joined recently relegated League One side Sheffield Wednesday. He would make his competitive debut on 1 August 2021, at home to Huddersfield Town, coming off the bench in the first half replacing Olamide Shodipo.
International career
Youth
Brown was part of the England under-16 team that won the Montaigu Tournament in 2015. He has gone on to represent England at U17, U18 and U19 levels.
Career statistics
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
English footballers
Tottenham Hotspur F.C. players
Huddersfield Town A.F.C. players
Exeter City F.C. players
Sheffield Wednesday F.C. players
English Football League players
Association football fullbacks
England youth international footballers
Black British sportspeople
Vriesea glutinosa is a plant species in the genus Vriesea. It is native to Trinidad and to the State of Bolívar in southeastern Venezuela.
Cultivars
Vriesea 'Amelita'
Vriesea 'Brasilia'
Vriesea 'Carlsbad'
Vriesea 'Double Pleasure'
Vriesea 'Galaxy'
Vriesea 'Johnson's #637'
Vriesea 'Madam Pele'
Vriesea 'Splendide'
Vriesea 'Symphonie'
Vriesea 'Towering Flame'
References
glutinosa
Flora of Venezuela
Flora of Trinidad and Tobago
Plants described in 1856
Lights at Night was the first studio album by The Hong Kong.
Track listing
"Cryptazoic" - 5:41
"Lifestylz" - 3:14
"Squaretriangle" - 3:12
"Winning Mission" - 6:30
"Secret Weapons" - 7:53
"Sunward Ho" - 4:06
References
eMusic album profile
2000 debut albums
The Hong Kong albums
The Orchard (company) albums
Patritumab (INN) is a human monoclonal antibody designed for the treatment of cancer. It acts as an immunomodulator.
Clinical trials
It is in a phase 2 clinical trial for squamous cell cancer of the head and neck.
It is to be included in a new arm of the I-SPY 2 breast cancer trial.
References
Monoclonal antibodies for tumors
Experimental cancer drugs
The Habib Bouakeul Stadium () is a multi-use stadium in Oran, Algeria. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of ASM Oran. The stadium holds 20,000 people.
History
The stadium was built in 1927 in the Les Amandiers district (now Haï El-Louz) of Oran under the name of the Stade Alenda. It was renovated on 19 December 1948, when its name was changed to Stade Vincent Monréal; it was the biggest stadium in Oran at the time. After the independence of Algeria, it was renamed Stade Habib Bouakeul in commemoration of Habib Bouakeul, a martyr of the Algeria War.
The stadium was equipped with artificial turf to replace natural grass; a newer turf was installed in 2013.
Matches
Below is a list of some important matches played at the stadium:
See also
List of football stadiums in Algeria
Ahmed Zabana Stadium
Abdelkader Fréha Stadium
External links
lahbib bouakel stadium - goalzz.com
Football venues in Algeria
Sports venues in Oran
Stadium
Multi-purpose stadiums in Algeria
Sports venues completed in 1927
1927 establishments in Algeria
Farma 9 (The Farm 9) is the 9th season of the Slovak version of The Farm reality television show based on the Swedish television series of the same name. The show was filmed from September 2017 to December 2017 and premiered on September 7, 2017 on Markíza.
Format
Twelve contestants are chosen from the outside world. Each week one contestant is selected the Farmer of the Week. In the first week, the contestants choose the Farmer. Since week 2, the Farmer is chosen by the contestant evicted in the previous week.
Nomination process
The Farmer of the Week nominates two people (a man and a woman) as the Butlers. The others must decide which Butler is the first to go to the Battle. That person then chooses the second person (from the same sex) for the Battle and also the type of battle (a quiz, extrusion, endurance, sleight). The Battle winner must win two duels. The Battle loser is evicted from the game.
Ages stated are at time of contest.
Nominations
The game
External links
The Farm (franchise)
2017 Slovak television seasons
Denis Joseph Driscoll (March 27, 1871 – January 18, 1958) was an American lawyer, educator, and politician who served as a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania for one term from 1935 to 1937.
Early life and education
Denis J. Driscoll was born in North Lawrence, New York. He attended the Lawrenceville Academy, and State Teachers' College in Potsdam, New York.
He taught school in Potsdam in 1888 and 1889 and in St. Marys, Pennsylvania, in 1890 and 1891. He was principal of public schools in St. Marys from 1892 to 1897.
Career
He studied law and was admitted to the bar in 1898, and on the same day enlisted as a private in the Sixteenth Regiment, Pennsylvania National Guard, which on that day had been called for service in the Spanish–American War.
After the war, he commenced the practice of law in St. Marys.
He was a member of the Democratic State committee from 1899 to 1922, serving as chairman in 1905. He was the chief burgess of St. Marys from 1903 to 1906. He was also president of St. Marys School Board from 1911 to 1936, and a delegate to the Democratic National Conventions in 1916 and 1920.
He served as United States Attorney for the western district of Pennsylvania in 1920 and 1921.
Congress and later career
Driscoll was elected as a Democrat to the Seventy-fourth Congress. He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1936.
He was appointed chairman of the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission for a ten-year term in 1937, and he resigned from this position to accept an appointment in 1940, by the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, as one of two trustees in the reorganization of the bankrupt Associated Gas and Electric Corporation, and served until August 1946.
Death
He died in St. Marys and is buried in St. Marys Catholic Cemetery.
References
Retrieved on 2008-02-10
The Political Graveyard
Pennsylvania lawyers
American military personnel of the Spanish–American War
Schoolteachers from Pennsylvania
1871 births
1958 deaths
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania
People from Elk County, Pennsylvania
United States Attorneys for the Western District of Pennsylvania
School board members in Pennsylvania
Monmouthshire Food Festival was an annual food festival held in Caldicot Castle in Monmouthshire
Overview
The festival was established in 2015 and took place in May and October. There was an entry fee. The festival ceased operations in 2018.
The festival had a theatre, market and children's quarter: The Look and Learn Theatre featured master classes, food tasting and demonstrations on food and drinks.
The Theatre allowed visitors to meet producers of local food and drink and watch local chefs and cooks prepare different dishes.
Local chefs appearing included Chris Harrod of The Whitebrook, a Michelin starred chef from Monmouthshire, and Colin Carter, head chef of the Piercefield near Chepstow and winner of the Brains Chef of the year in 2014.
The Producers Market had over 50 stalls and was a market where local and Welsh producers sold food and drink. The Children's Area was an area for children and includes cookery classes and lessons on healthy eating.
The festival worked with Guide Dogs for the Blind Association, Wales to let people find out more about guide dogs and the work of the organisation. Talks and cookery demonstrations used aids available to blind and partially sighted people to show how they prepare meals.
Further reading
Business Wales, Food and Drink
About Wales, Welsh Food Festivals
See also
Cuisine of Wales
References
Food and drink festivals in the United Kingdom
Monmouthshire
Annual events in Wales
2015 establishments in Wales
Festivals established in 2015
Summer events in Wales
Red Billabong is a 2016 independent Australian horror thriller film, written and directed by Luke Sparke in his feature debut. Based on an Australian legend, Red Billabong follows two estranged brothers who find themselves stalked by a supernatural creature.
The movie premiered in Sydney on August 10, 2016 and had a wider Australian release on August 25, 2016.
Plot
In the Australian Outback, two estranged brothers discover old secrets and family lies when their grandfather's property is passed into their hands. When a shady land developer shows interest in taking the property off their hands for a princely sum, Tristan (Pocock) wants to sell up, but Nick (Ewing) is concerned about a warning from grandad's friend, Mr. Garvey. Tristan's friends, including Nick's ex Anya, and drug dealer BJ, show up for a party in the brothers' new home. As both brothers are pulled apart by different choices, one thing is clear – something sinister is going on. As their friends start to go missing they fear they are being stalked by something. An ancient Australian legend has now been unleashed.
Cast
Dan Ewing as Nick
Tim Pocock as Tristan
Sophie Don as Anya
Jessica Green as Rebecca
Ben Chisholm as BJ
John Reynolds as Sam
Emily Joy as Kate
James Striation as Jason
Col Elliott as Clyde
Gregory J. Fryer as Garvey
Felix Williamson as Mr Richards
Production
Shooting for the film began in September 2014 in Gold Coast, Queensland. A trailer was released in September 2015.
Reception
In a review for The Reel Bits, Richard Gray said, "Red Billabong is not just a horror film, but a riddle to be solved within the framework of a typical splatterfest."
References
External links
Australian horror thriller films
Australian action adventure films
Australian comedy horror films
2010s English-language films
Grasburg Castle is a ruined castle in the municipality of Schwarzenburg of the Canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is the largest castle ruin in the Canton of Bern. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
History
According to legend, the first castle on the site was built by a Roman hunter who saw the massive sandstone spire on an island in the Sense river. He saw a red deer on the cliff over the river and went to catch it. As he rode after the deer a dragon roared out of a cave, but the hunter quickly killed the dragon. The deer then walked up to the hunter and offered his life to the hunter. The hunter allowed the deer to go free and the deer gave him possession of the area. The hunter than built the first castle on the top of the sandstone spire on the island. A bridge was built over the river and became part of the Roman road from Aventicum. The legend continues that after the Roman Empire collapsed, a Walliser robber took over the old Roman castle as a new hideout. He began to hire local villagers to help him expand the castle toward the east. Initially he acted friendly and kind, but when the workers complained of the work or asked for pay, he murdered them and mixed their blood into the mortar. This, according to legend, is why the mortar on the east side is particularly hard. While the Romans lived in the area, there is no archeological evidence of a Roman or early medieval fortification.
Despite the local legends, the first castle on the site may have been a wooden fortification, but the oldest stone walls are from the 11th or 12th century. It was probably built by a Burgundian or Zähringen noble. The castle was first mentioned in 1223 as Grasburc. In the same year, a knight, Otto von Grasburg was mentioned at the castle, followed in 1228 by the knight Kuno von Grasburg. In the 13th century the castle and lands passed to the Kyburgs and then after their family died out in 1263/64 the Habsburgs beat out the Counts of Savoy to inherit it. Under the Habsburgs several Ministerialis (unfree knights in the service of a feudal overlord) families held the castle.
In 1310 Henry VII, the King of Germany, pledged the castle and surrounding Herrschaft to Count Amadeus of Savoy to pay debts. The Counts held the estate for over a century, until the remote location and gradual decay forced them to sell the castle and territory to Bern and Fribourg in 1423. The two cities established a condominium or shared rule over the land. The castle served as the residence and administrative center for the vogts that were appointed by alternating cities. In 1575 the increasingly expensive castle was abandoned and the vogt moved to Schwarzenburg Castle. The castle gradually fell into ruin and in 1845 the Canton of Bern sold the ruins to a private owner. In 1894 the city of Bern bought the ruins and began restoring them. By the spring of 1902, the main tower was about ready to collapse. The Canton spent four years repairing and reinforcing the tower. Another project in 1928-31 repaired and restored other parts of the castle ruins. A third project in 1983-84 restored and repaired the ruins further.
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
External links
Swiss castles.ch
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Bern
Castles in the Canton of Bern
Siedliszcze (; ) is a town in Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Siedliszcze. It lies approximately west of Chełm and east of the regional capital Lublin.
The town has a population of 813.
History
In 1921, there were 666 Jews living in Siedliszcze, representing 80% of the entire village's population.
On June 1, 1940, the Nazis created a ghetto in Siedliszcze for the Jewish population. There were about 2,000 Jews from Siedliszcze, Cracow, Lublin and Czechoslovakia in the ghetto. On May 18, 1942 about 630 Jews were sent to the Sobibor extermination camp. The liquidation of the ghetto took place in October 1942 when the rest of the ghetto inmates were sent to the Sobibor extermination camp. During the entire Nazi occupation, shootings of the Jewish population took place at the Jewish cemetery.
References
Cities and towns in Lublin Voivodeship
Chełm County
Ruthenian Voivodeship
Kholm Governorate
Lublin Voivodeship (1919–1939)
Holocaust locations in Poland
Alfred Badel (born 19 October 1943) is a Swiss racewalker. He competed in the men's 50 kilometres walk at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
1943 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Swiss male racewalkers
Olympic athletes of Switzerland
Place of birth missing (living people)
Sherard Parker (born 10 March 1980) is a Canadian actor. He has appeared on the Australian Television series MDA (2005) and in The Recruit (2003).
Career
Parker's first appeared in Roger Donaldson's CIA thriller The Recruit (2003) starring Al Pacino, playing a CIA agent and recently in Il Futuro (2013), with Rutger Hauer and notably in the British independent film He Who Dares (2014) playing an SAS captain. His theatre credits include an adaptation of Louise M. Alcott's Little Women, where he played the role of German professor Bhaer at the Singapore Repertory Theatre.
Filmography
Island (short) (2004)
MDA (TV series) (2005)
The Good Samaritan (short) (2005)
The Chase (short) (2006)
THE CHASE (short) (2012)
External links
Sherard Parker Celebrities on weblo.com
Royal Shakespeare Company at srt.com.sg
Angry Film Festival at angryproductions.com
Living people
1978 births
Canadian male television actors
"Party to End All Parties" is a song by Australian band Skyhooks, released in April 1977 as the first and only single from the band's first compilation album, The Skyhooks Tapes. The song peaked at number 24 in Australia.
Track listing
7" single (K-6761)
Side A "Party to End All Parties" - 2:30
Side B "Hot Rod James" - 4:44
Charts
References
1977 singles
Mushroom Records singles
1977 songs
Songs written by Greg Macainsh
Skyhooks (band) songs
Greek dance (horos) is a very old tradition, being referred to by authors such as Plato, Aristotle, Plutarch and Lucian. There are different styles and interpretations from all of the islands and surrounding mainland areas. Each region formed its own choreography and style to fit in with their own ways. For example, island dances have more of a different smooth flow to them, while Pontic dancing closer to the Black Sea, is very sharp. There are over 10,000 traditional dances that come from all regions of Greece. There are also pan-Hellenic dances, which have been adopted throughout the Greek world. These include specifically the Syrtos, Kalamatianos, Pyrrhichios, Ballos and hasapiko.
Traditional Greek dancing has a primarily social function. It brings the community together at key points of the year, such as Easter, the grape harvest or patronal festivals; and at key points in the lives of individuals and families, such as weddings. For this reason, tradition frequently dictates a strict order in the arrangement of the dancers, for example, by age.
Greek dances are performed also in diaspora Greek communities among international folk dance groups.
Ancient Greek dances
Antistrophe
Carpaea
Choreia (dance)
Cordax
Dionysiakos
Hyporchema
Korybantes
Pyrrhichios (dance)
Syrtos
In Ancient Greece, dance was a form of ritual, as well as a pastime. Dance could be included in hunting communities, initiation ceremony rituals of age, marriage, and death, entertainment, dance festivals, and religious activity. It was also viewed as a way to educate children about social norms and morals, and was viewed as being essential for physical and emotional development. Dance was used in regard to war as a form of military training, as well as a ritual that served as a mediator between the gods and humans. What modern times may consider a parade, military drill, funeral, children's game, these were seen as forms of dance as long as they were meant to be an exhibition of a rhythmic performance. Suda mention an ancient Greek dance which was called Dipodia (Διποδία), meaning two-step/two-footer.
Modern and regional dances
Aegean Islands
The Aegean islands have dances which are fast in pace and light and jumpy. Many of these dances, however, are couples dances, and not so much in lines. See Nisiotika for more information.
Antikristos (Mytilene)
Antipatitis (Karpathos)
Arkistis (Karpathos)
Ballaristos
Ballos (Naxos, Kythnos, Lemnos)
Boniatiki Sousta (Rhodes)
Chaniotika (Leros)
Ikariotikos (from Ikaria)
Irene (Tilos)
Isios (Kalymnos)
Kamara (Skiathos)
Kamares (Tilos)
Karavas (dance) (Naxos)
Kato Choros (Karpathos)
Kechagiadikos (Lemnos)
Kefalonitika (Karpathos)
Kritikos (Rhoditiko Pidikto) (Rhodes)
Leriki Sousta (Leros)
Lerikos (Leros)
Michanikos (Kalymnos)
Ola Ta Poulakia (Thasos)
Panagia (Lemnos)
Pano Choros (Karpathos)
Patma (Lemnos)
Pirgousikos (Chios)
Plataniotiko Nero (Samos)
Rhoditiki Sousta (Rhodes)
Rhoditikos (Rhodes, Leros)
Rodo (dance)
Sianos (Karpathos)
Simetherkatos (Lemnos)
Samiotiki Sousta (Samos)
Sousta (Kalymnos)
Sousta Karpathou (Karpathos)
Sousta Koaki (Kos)
Sousta Tilou (Tilos)
Sperveri (Rhodes)
Strose Vayia (Samos)
Symiaki Sousta (Symi)
Syrtos
Syrtos Assos (Agathonisi)
Ta Xila (Mytilene)
Thermiotikos Karsilamas (Kythnos)
Thimariotikos (Kalymnos)
Tourtsikos (Rhodes)
Trata
Tsopanikos (Lemnos)
Zervos (Karpathos)
Crete
These dances are light and jumpy, and extremely cardiovascular.
Angaliastos
Anogianos Pidichtos
Apanomeritis
Ethianos Pidichtos
Ierapetrikos Pidichtos
Kanella
Katsabadianos
Laziotis
Maleviziotis
Mikro Mikraki
Ntames
Ntournerakia
Pentozali
Pidichtos Lasithou
Pyrrhichios
Priniotis
Rethemniotiki Sousta
Rodo (dance)
Siganos
Sitiakos Pidichtos
Sousta
Syrtos Chaniotikos
Trizali
Xenobasaris
Zervodexos
Central Greece
Antikristos
Hasapiko
Sirtaki
Hatzichristos (from Megara)
Kalamatianos
Kavodorikos (Karystos)
Kleistos
Pyrrhichios
Syrtos
Lambri Kamara (Megara)
Loulouvikos (from Megara)
Tis Triantafilias Ta Fila (Megara)
Trata (from Megara)
Tsamikos
Epirus
Epirote dances are the most slow and heavy in all of Greece. Great balance is required in order to perform these dances.
Berati
Tsamikos
Fisounis
Genovefa
Giatros
Horos Tis Nifis or Lipothimarikos
Kapitan Louka
Koftos
Klamata
Metsovitikos
Palamakia
Papadia
Papiggo
Parzakana
Pogonisios
Sta Dio
Sta Tria
Singathistos Metsovou
Zagorisios
Peloponnese
The dances of the Peloponnese are very simple and heavy, with the leader of the line improvising.
Ai Georgis
Diplos Horos
Geranos
Kalamatianos
Maniatikos
Monodiplos
Panagiotis (dance)
Syrtos
Tsakonikos
Tsamikos
Ionian Islands
Ai Georgis (Corfu)
Ballos (Lefkada, Cefalonia)
Bourdaris (Kythira)
Cerigotikos (Kythira)
Potamitikos (Kythira)
Ai Georgis (Kythira)
Divaratikos (Cefalonia)
Fourlana (Corfu)
Kerkiraikos (Corfu)
Lefkaditikos (Lefkada)
Levantitikos (Zakynthos)
Mermigas (Cefalonia)
Mesaritikos (Kythira)
Rouga (Corfu)
Syrtos (Cefalonia)
Thiakos (Lefkada)
Macedonia
Dances in Macedonia vary. Most are solid and are performed using heavy steps, whilst others are fast and agile. Most dances begin slow and increase in speed.
Western Macedonia
Akritikos (Florina)
Antikristos
Bougatsas (Florina)
Dimitroula
Diplos Choros Tis Rokas
Gaida Dance
Gerakina
Gerontikos
Endeka Kozanis
Kastorianos
Kori Eleni
Kapitan Louka
Hasapiko
Leventikos (Florina)
Makedonikos antikristos
Makrinitsa dance
Nizamikos (Naousa)
Omorfoula (Florina)
O Nikolos
Partalos
Poustseno
Proskinitos
Raikos (Edessa)
Servikos
Simbethera (Florina)
Stamoulo
Stankina (Edessa)
Syre Syre (Edessa)
Syrtos Makedonias
Tis Dimitroulas
Tis Marias
Tranos Choros (Kozani)
Trita Pata (Naousa)
Tsamikos Deskatis
Tsotsos (Florina)
Tsourapia (Florina)
Zacharoula
Zaramo (dance)
Eastern Macedonia
Antikristos
Drousas
Kampana
Kori Eleni
Tefkotos
Thessaly
Dances in Thessaly are similar in style to the dances of Epirus. Mostly with slow, heavy movements. However, there are some dances that are also faster paced. The leader can improvise in these dances similarly to those dances from the Epirus, Central Greece and Peloponnese.
Dionysiakos
Gaitanaki
Galanogalani
Girogalakis
Kalamatianos
Kamara
Kangeli
Karagouna
Kleistos
Kleistos Argitheas
Koftos
Lafina
Pilioritikos
Rougatsiarikos
Souzana
Syrtos
Tsamiko
Zacharoula
Arvanites
Ntarsa
Plektos
Tsamikos
Thrace
Thracian dance is generally skippy and light. In most Thracian dances, the men are only permitted to dance at the front of the line. Musicians and singers such as Chronis Aidonidis and Kariofilis Doitsidis have brought to life the music of Thrace.
Antikristos
Baidouska
Daktili
Dendritsi
Drista
Gaitani
Giknas
Hasapia
Koulouriastos
Mandilatos
Papisios
Singathistos
Syrtos
Tapeinos Horos
Tapeinos Paschaliatikos
Tripati
Zonaradiko
Northern Thrace / Eastern Thrace
The dances of (Northern Thrace) are fast, upbeat and similar to the Thracian style of dance. Dances from the town of Kavakli and Neo Monastiri are the most popular.
Antikristos
Bogdanos
Douzikos
Kallinitikos
Katsivelikos
Kinigitos
Koutsos
Miliso
Podaraki
Sfarlis
Singathistos
Stis Treis
Syrtos Banas
Tamzara
Tremouliastos
Troiro
Tsestos
Zervos
Zervos Banas
Zervodexios
Zonaradiko
Pontus
The dances of the Pontic Greeks from the Black Sea were mostly performed by the Pontic soldiers in order to motivate themselves before going into a battle. The dances are accompanied by the Pontian lyra, also called kemenche by Turkish people. Also included are dances traditionally performed by Caucasus Greeks and Greeks in Ukraine. See Horon for more information on the history of these dances.
Aneforitissa Kizela
Apo Pan Kai Ka Matsouka
Atsiapat
Dipat
Etere Trapezounta
Fona Argyroupolis
Gemoura
Getiere Argyroupolis
Kalon Koritsi
Kazatska
Kochari
Kori Kopela
Kounichton Nikopolis
Kousera
Lafraga
Letsi Kars (Kars)
Letsina Kars (Kars)
Macheria
Militsa
Miteritsa
Momoeria
Omal
Patoula
Podaraki
Pontic Serra
Sampson (Samsun)
Seranitsa
Siton Imeras
Tamsara Nikopolis
Tamsara Trapezountas
Tas
T'apan Ke Ka Matsouka
Tik Diplo
Tik Imeras
Tik Mono
Tik Nikopolis
Tik Togias or Togialidikon
Titara Argyroupolis
Tria Ti Kotsari
Trigona Kerasountas
Trigona Matsoukas
Trigona Trapezountas
Tripat Matsouka
Tromakton
Tsifteteli
Tyrfon or Tryfon Bafra
Asia Minor
Erythrae
Alatsatiani
Horos Attaris
Ballos
Byzantine dance
Paschalinos
Geranos
Sousta
Syrtos
Syrtos Karabourniotikos
Tapeinos
Zeibekiko
Cappadocia
The Cappadocian dances were mainly sung in the Cappadocian dialect of Cappadocian Greeks or the Karamanlides. Dances varied from social dances to ritualistic dances.
Ai Vassiliatikos
Choros Koutalion
Choros Leilaloum
Choros Macherion
Choros Mandilion
Ensoma
Tas Kemerli
Tsitsek Ntag
Pasha/Antipasha
Leilaloum
Vara Vara
Konialis
Kouseftos
Sei Tata
Syrtos
Zeibekiko
Sinasos
The Dances & Songs of Sinasos Mustafapasa.
Apopsin Ta Mesanihta
Isos Sinasos
Koniali
Malamatenios Argalios
Pago Stou Prousas Ta Vouna
Simeris i Simeriani
Constantinople
Byzantine dance
Hasapiko
Tesera Matia
Patinada Nyfis
Rododachtilos
Griko (Southern Italy)
Pizzica
Tarantella
Cyprus
Men's Dances
Antikristos
Defteros Karsilamas
Protos Karsilamas
Syrtos
Tatsia
Tritos Karsilamas
Women's Dances
Antikristos
Defteros Karsilamas
Protos Karsilamas
Syrtos
Tetartos Karsilamas
Tritos Karsilamas
Aromanians
Antipera
Hatzistergiou
Kalamatianos
Kato Stin Aspri Petra
La Valia di Giannena
Sta Tria
Syrtos
Sarakatsani
Apano Stin Triantafilia
Choros Katsa
Despo
Diplos Choros
Sta Tria
Tsamikos
Greek Dancing in the United States
Within the United States, Greek Americans participate in Greek dancing in order to preserve their heritage and culture. Greeks of all ages can be seen showcasing their skills at Greek Festivals which take place year round, often hosted by Greek Orthodox Churches, or at various competitions in which groups practice dances from specific parts of Greece in order to perform in front of judges.
Greek Orthodox Folk Dance & Choral Festival (FDF)
Since 1976, the Greek Orthodox Metropolis of San Francisco has held a convention that allows Greek Dance groups from various churches in the Pacific Region of the United States to compete. Up to 3,000 people participate annually and it is described as the largest youth ministry program in the Metropolis of San Francisco. Within the competition, there are four divisions, two of which are judged and two of which are exhibition suites. Division I and Division II are judged by a table of judges who have done years of research in Greece and instructed others on the styling and other important elements of Greek dancing. Each competing team will be placed into a division and group based on the average age of the team. Each team performs two times and perfected suites that can be from many places in Greece (islands, mainland, villages) and feature many different dances. The judges will score the teams based on their costumes, singing, stage presence, styling, and how closely it resembles the region that their suite is from.
See also
Greek folk music
Dora Stratou
Greek musical instruments
Byzantine music
Assyrian folk dance
Armenian dance
Turkish dance
References
External links
In Greek - Traditional Dance by region
Greek Dance Archives
Video Examples of Regional Greek Dances
Dance from region of Macedonia
Dance from region of Macedonia
Dance from region of Thessaly
Dance from region of Thessaly
Dance from the region of Thraki
Dance from the region of Thraki
Dances from the region of Pontus
Dances from the region of Pontus
Macedonian dances Macedonia
Macedonia
Dances
Greek music
Mittelndorf () is a railway station in the village of Mittelndorf, Saxony, Germany. The station lies on the Bautzen–Bad Schandau railway. The station is served by one train service, operated by DB Regio in cooperation with České dráhy: the National Park Railway. This service connects Děčín and Rumburk via Bad Schandau and Sebnitz.
Overview
The station counts a single platform and is situated in the forest close to the village. Mittelndorf station has a rare peculiarity for a train station situated on a normal national rail line: it has not a road to reach it but a simple forest trial. A similar thing in Europe could be found, for example, in the stations of Kloster Marienthal (Engers-Au line, Germany); Pertosa, in southern Italy; or Corrour, in Scotland.
References
Deutsche Bahn website
Städtebahn Sachsen website
External links
Network map
Railway stations in Saxony
Sebnitz
Railway stations in Germany opened in 1904
William Frederick Pester (born Friedrich Wilhelm Pester, July 18, 1885 – August 12, 1963) was a German-born American pioneer of hippie lifestyles in California in the first half of the twentieth century, known as "the Hermit of Palm Springs". He was described as epitomizing "the strong link between the 19th century German reformers and the flower children of the 1960s", and inspired the eden ahbez song "Nature Boy", recorded by Nat King Cole and others.
Biography
Pester was born in Borna, Saxony, Germany, the third son of Hermann Friedrich Pester and his wife Maria. After his mother's death, he was apprenticed as a stonemason. In 1906 he left Germany to avoid military service and went to the United States. A follower of the philosophy of Lebensreform, he was also influenced by popular novels written by Karl May about Native Americans, writer Gordon Kennedy suggesting that "in the hearts and minds of every young German immigrant were dreams of some magic lands in the far west of America, where cactus grew and massive mountains emptied their streams into some palm oasis in the sandy deserts, along with the obligatory wild Indians still in residence."
Pester traveled west and, after a year in Hawaii, settled, in about 1916, in Tahquitz Canyon, near Palm Springs, California, part of the ancestral home of the Cahuilla people. His presence was accepted by local people, and he built himself a palm hut beside a stream and palm grove. Pester was a vegetarian. He spent much of his time exploring the local area, as well as reading and writing. According to writer Gordon Kennedy,
He earned some of his living making walking sticks from palm blossom stalks, selling postcards with Lebensreform health tips, and charging people 10 cents to look through his telescope while he gave lectures on astronomy. He made his own sandals, had a wonderful collection of Indian pottery and artifacts, played slide guitar, lived on raw fruits and vegetables and managed to spend most of his time naked under the California sunshine.
He became a well-known figure of curiosity, and was occasionally visited by celebrities such as writer Zane Grey and, around 1920, by film actor Rudolph Valentino. According to his biographer Peter Wild, "tourists by the hundreds parked their tin lizzies along the sandy road into Palm Canyon" to visit the "hermit turned showman." Wild described Pester as "a short, slim man ... with long hair, almost naked, and with blue eyes full of distance ... gentle and even likeable in his mild way ... " From 1927, Pester established his own plot of land in Indio, California, returning to Palm Canyon at weekends.
In 1940, he was arrested under California Penal Code 288a, for "oral copulation with a minor". He was also suspected by some being a German spy and sending radio messages to Germany from the top of the San Jacinto Mountains. It is thought that he pleaded guilty to ten charges of "sexual perversion", and was imprisoned at San Quentin Prison and later Folsom Prison, before being released on parole in 1946.
Authorities differ over whether Pester and songwriter and fellow natural lifestyle adherent eden ahbez ever met. Some sources date ahbez's arrival in California to 1941, when Pester was already imprisoned, while others state that ahbez arrived several years earlier and, knowing of Pester, would certainly have met him then. Gordon Kennedy says: "Pester was one of the most photographed people in the desert ... and he made frequent trips to Palm Springs all through the 1930s to connect with friends and get food. How could ahbez have lived with the Richters off and on for several years and not known about Pester? Pester was one of their customers and may have stayed there too." Whether or not he was wholly or partly inspired by Pester, ahbez wrote the lyrics of "Nature Boy" and gave the song to Nat King Cole in 1947; it became a popular success when his recording was released in 1948.
Pester lived in Los Angeles in 1948, and the following year was reported as saying that Palm Springs was becoming overdeveloped and that he intended to buy a boat and sail to a remote and thinly populated island. He later married, and died in Arizona in 1963, at the age of 78. He was buried at Yavapai County Cemetery in Prescott, Arizona.
The site of Pester's original cabin in Palm Canyon was later developed as an Indian trading post, and is now known as "Hermit's Bench". In 1985 Millie Fischer published a booklet about Palm Canyon that included a chapter on Pester, and a biography, William Pester: the Hermit of Palm Springs, was written by Peter Wild and published in 2008.
See also
Eden ahbez
Gypsy Boots
List of vegetarians
Notes and references
1885 births
1963 deaths
American hermits
Ascetics
German emigrants to the United States
People from Borna
People from Palm Springs, California
Simple living advocates
Vegetarianism activists
Odax pullus, the greenbone or butterfish, is a species of ray-finned fish, a weed whiting from the family Odacidae, which is found around New Zealand. It inhabits shallow, rocky areas with brown algae growth, mainly Carpophyllum, upon which it grazes. This species can reach a length of SL and has been recorded as reaching . It is of minor importance to local commercial fisheries. Its range includes the Chatham Islands, Antipodes Islands and Bounty Islands but it is not present around the Three Kings Islands, where it is replaced by the endemic bluefinned butterfish O. cyanoallix.
References
Odax
Fish described in 1801
Taxa named by Johann Reinhold Forster
Raise the Pressure is Electronic's second studio album, released in July 1996.
Recording
Seven of the thirteen tracks were composed by full-time members Johnny Marr and Bernard Sumner, and the other six co-written with former Kraftwerk member Karl Bartos. He was recommended to Electronic via a friend of Sumner's, and commuted to Manchester throughout 1995 during the recording sessions, which stretched from late 1994 to late 1995.
The protracted sessions resulted in a dense, thick production that was later acknowledged by both Sumner and Marr and criticised in professional reviews; they consequently spent much less time on their next album Twisted Tenderness.
Raise the Pressure was also remarked upon for Bernard Sumner's impressionistic lyrics, which some saw as the result of his use of Prozac during this period, following an appearance on the BBC 2 programme The Late Show, which explored the effects of the antidepressant on creativity. According to Sumner, however, he only wrote one lyric whilst under the influence of Prozac. Musically the album comprises guitar pop/rock songs ("One Day", "Out of My League") and more dance oriented tracks ("Until the End of Time", "If You've Got Love").
Artwork
The album cover is a painting of a cherub by Johannes Handschin, which echoes the sleeve of New Order's 1989 album Technique. The title of the album appears on the inner inlay sleeve of most CD releases; the Australian CD and cassette editions are two which have Raised the Pressure placed on the cover. This was the last Electronic album to be released on vinyl.
Reception
Unlike its predecessor Electronic, Raise the Pressure received mixed reviews and did not perform as well commercially, with the first two singles "Forbidden City" and "For You" charting modestly in the UK Top 20, and the third, "Second Nature", barely making the Top 40. In the US no commercial singles were released, with "Forbidden City" and "Second Nature" issued only as promotional radio-play discs. Four mixes of "Until the End of Time" were released through the Electronic mailing list in October 1997; this item and a maxi single of "Second Nature" remixes are among the most sought-after recordings by the band.
In 2007 a download-only edition of Raise the Pressure was released on the iTunes Store, adding all five B-sides from the single releases. The remixes of "Until the End of Time" were also released on iTunes at this time.
Track listings
Standard edition
"Forbidden City" – 4:03
"For You" – 4:52
"Dark Angel" – 5:30
"One Day" – 4:35
"Until the End of Time" – 6:19
"Second Nature" – 4:55
"If You've Got Love" – 6:26
"Out of My League" – 4:36
"Interlude" – 0:44
"Freefall" – 4:58
"Visit Me" – 5:58
"How Long" – 4:46
"Time Can Tell" – 4:43
The B-side "All That I Need" appeared on the Japanese edition.
iTunes bonus tracks
"Imitation of Life" – 3:47
"A New Religion" – 4:15
"All That I Need" – 7:09
"I Feel Alright" – 4:48
"Turning Point" – 5:35
Personnel
Bernard Sumner: vocals and keyboards
Johnny Marr: guitars, bass and keyboards
Produced by Electronic
Engineered by James Spencer
Thanks to Karl Bartos (keyboards), Denise Johnson (vocals), Ged Lynch (drums and percussion), Donald Johnson (drums on 4), Danny Saber (organ on 8), Guy Pratt (bass on 13), Alan Meyerson (mixing 1, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, 12 & 13), James Spencer (mixing 2, 3, 8, 10 & 11), Andrew Berry, Russell Kearney, Kevin Jacobs, J.C., Ben Findlay, Jon Savage, Marcus Russell, Alec McKinlay, Abby Scott and all at Ignition.
Cover illustration by Johannes Handschin.
Electronic logo by Paul Barnes.
Designed by Howard Wakefield @ Meiré und Meiré and Peter Saville.
1, 2, 5, 7, 12 & 13 written by Marr, Sumner and Bartos.
3, 4, 6, 8, 9, 10 & 11 written by Marr and Sumner.
Charts
References
External links
feel every beat (unofficial website)
worldinmotion.net (unofficial website)
1996 albums
Electronic (band) albums
Parlophone albums
Garrett "Barry" Atwater (May 16, 1918 – May 24, 1978) was an American character actor who appeared frequently on television from the 1950s into the 1970s. He was sometimes credited as G.B. Atwater.
Life and career
The son of the landscape painter of the same name, Garrett Atwater was born in Denver, Colorado. He served as head of the UCLA Sound Department before he began his acting career.
He appeared in the student film A Time Out of War, a Civil War allegory that won the Oscar as best short film of 1954.
He was awarded a Special Cinema Award for television work in 1958.
Atwater, a character actor, received positive notice in Variety for his role in The Hard Man (1957), The True Story of Jesse James (1957), The True Story of Lynn Stuart (1958), Vice Raid (1959), and As Young As We Are (1958). About his work in the television show Judd for the Defense, Variety wrote, "Barry Atwater succeeded in bringing some life and a peculiar believability to an impossible role".
By 1960 he had achieved enough stature to be named by host Rod Serling in the on-screen promo as one of the stars of the well-known CBS Twilight Zone episode "The Monsters Are Due on Maple Street". Atwater made six guest appearances on Perry Mason including as murderer Robert Benson in the 1959 episode "The Case of the Dangerous Dowager" and as murder victim Dr. Stuart Logan in the 1965 episode "The Case of the Cheating Chancellor". A Variety review of the latter stated that Atwater played the part with "correct nastiness".
He played Benedict Arnold in an episode of Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea and received positive notice for an appearance on Playhouse 90.
Atwater in the mid-1960s spent three years on the ABC soap opera General Hospital while he also made prime-time appearances, billing himself as G.B. Atwater from 1963 to 1965, a period in which he was cast in supporting parts. About his nine-month stint on General Hospital, Atwater said, "It was a good experience and good income, but it got tiresome. Shows like that are written for women, and the men are all emasculated". In 1971 he guest-starred in a 2-part episode of Hawaii Five-0, “The Grandstand Play.” By the late 1960s and early 1970s, Atwater was again scoring primary guest-star roles, particularly on fantasy and science fiction series, including The Man From U.N.C.L.E., The Invaders s2ep20,The Wild Wild West, The Outer Limits, ("Corpus Earthling"), Night Gallery and Kung Fu, where his altered facial appearance suited his grim and sinister countenance due to its menacing and intense appearance.
On the stage
Atwater performed regularly on stage throughout his career. In January 1958, it was announced that Atwater would be in a benefit performance in Passing of the Third Floor Back with the Episcopal Theatre Guild. He received positive notice in the Los Angeles Times for his appearance in Volpone. Atwater also appeared on stage in 1965 in The Disenchanted at the Actors Theatre. In 1966, he was in the Edward Albee play Tiny Alice at the Ivar Theatre. In 1968, he directed and performed in the play A Slight Ache at the Hollywood-Vine Methodist Center.
Sci-fi legacy
Atwater was one of the few actors to play a character from Spock's planet on Star Trek: The Original Series, portraying Surak, father of Vulcan philosophy, in the episode "The Savage Curtain". Atwater could not achieve the Vulcan salute naturally, so when he bids farewell in a medium shot, he has to first lower his arm so his hand is out of camera view as he pushes his fingers against his body to configure them properly.
Atwater's role as vampire Janos Skorzeny (pictured, far right) in the acclaimed TV thriller The Night Stalker (1972) made him a popular guest at 1970s fan gatherings that capitalized on the resurgence of classic horror during that decade. Kevin Thomas of the Los Angeles Times praised Atwater's performance, writing, "that gifted character actor Barry Atwater is terrific as the vampire". Keith Ashwell of the Edmonton Journal wrote that Atwater was "a prince among vampires".
He also guest starred in the Outer Limits episode "Corpus Earthling" with Robert Culp as a scientist (Dr. Temple). 1963.
Personal life and death
Atwater embraced and attributed his career success to the practice of Zen.
In 1956, Atwater's West Los Angeles home was burglarized after thieves removed a cat door to gain entry. Atwater was robbed of several hundred dollars' worth of clothes, jewelry, and other property.
Suffering from terminal cancer, he died from a stroke on May 24, 1978 in Los Angeles, shortly after his 60th birthday.
Selected filmography
References
External links
1918 births
1978 deaths
Male actors from Denver
American male film actors
American male soap opera actors
American male television actors
Deaths from cancer in California
20th-century American male actors
Western (genre) television actors
Brake is a 2012 American action thriller film directed by Gabe Torres, written by Timothy Mannion, and starring Stephen Dorff. It follows a U.S. Secret Service special agent who is held captive in the trunk of a car by terrorists aiming to extract information about the U.S. president's secret bunker. It was released on 23 March 2012.
Plot
Jeremy Reins, a U.S. Secret Service special agent assigned to the presidential detail, is drugged, kidnapped and held captive within a glass box in the cramped, dark trunk of a car. At first Jeremy thinks it is a prank from people he owes money for gambling debts, but he quickly learns that the truth is far more sinister. Jeremy begins to endure mental and physical torture as terrorists attempt to extract information. The information needed is the location of the secret bunkers, dubbed "Roulette", that are used by the president and vice president during a national emergency.
Jeremy's only contact is Henry, another hostage that is also locked in a trunk of a car; both hostages have timers in the trunk with them that counts down. The terrorists have left old radios in the trunk to allow them to communicate with their hostages as well as allowing Jeremy and Henry to talk to one another. Through long conversations, Jeremy learns that the cars are actually bombs, and that they are currently in Maryland traveling towards Washington D.C. The car is almost pulled over by police and a high speed chase ensues but Jeremy is unable to be rescued, although the box is shot, leaving a hole in the glass. Jeremy is tortured every time the counter hits zero, at one point bees are released into his tank, since he is allergic to bee stings. However, the terrorists give him an Epi-pen injection, saving his life: they need him alive. The terrorists also kidnap his estranged wife, Molly, and hold her in another trunk. After enduring much emotional and mental stress, Jeremy still refuses to give up the location. After his countdown reaches zero, Jeremy's glass box begins to flood with liquid. After nearly drowning, Jeremy is pulled out by someone, revealed to be Henry.
It is revealed that the whole situation was an exercise to test whether Jeremy would break or not. Everyone he saw or was in contact with is present, along with their radios, which they used to play their parts. Jeremy collapses from his wounds and is put in an ambulance with Molly. On the way to the hospital, he sees the Washington monument through the window and chuckles. Noticing this, Molly looks out the window and asks if the monument was the location, but Jeremy dismisses it as unimportant and gives her an engagement ring, asking her to marry him. When she replies that they are already married, Jeremy smiles and asks her to marry him again. As they kiss, Molly handcuffs him to the gurney and pulls a wire from her shirt. Revealing themselves to really be with the terrorists, Molly and Henry are told over the radio that they have the location now that they lured him into a false sense of security and Jeremy is to be killed. As Molly holds a gas-filled mask over Jeremy's face, the film cuts to black.
Cast
Stephen Dorff as Jeremy Reins
Chyler Leigh as Molly Reins
JR Bourne as Henry Shaw
Tom Berenger as Ben Reynolds
Pruitt Taylor Vince as Driver (voice)
Sammy Sheik as Marco (voice)
Kent Shocknek as News Anchor Jack Stern (voice)
Production
Filming took place in California, primarily North Hollywood, using the Red One camera.
Reception
Rotten Tomatoes, a review aggregator, reports that 44% of 27 surveyed critics gave the film a positive review; the average rating was 5/10. Metacritic rated it 38/100 based on eleven reviews. Stephen Holden of The New York Times wrote that the film exists for its Twilight Zone-style "gotcha" twist ending. Glenn Whipp of the Los Angeles Times wrote that the film's twists are preposterous and negate everything that came before them. Robert Koehler of Variety wrote that the script "leaves audiences feeling played" but Dorff "fully commits" to the role.
The film has been compared to a similarly themed film, Buried starring Ryan Reynolds.
References
External links
2012 films
2012 action thriller films
2012 psychological thriller films
American action thriller films
American psychological thriller films
Films scored by Brian Tyler
Films about the United States Secret Service
Films about terrorism
Films shot in Los Angeles
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Untermerzbach is a municipality in the district of Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Haßberge (district)
The following lists events that have happened in 1826 in the Sublime State of Persia.
Incumbents
Monarch: Fat′h-Ali Shah Qajar
Events
Russo-Persian War (1826–28) started.
References
Persia
Years of the 19th century in Iran
1820s in Iran
Persia
O'Connells Caherciveen were a Gaelic Athletic Association football club from the town of Caherciveen in South County Kerry, Ireland. They won the South Kerry Senior Football Championship 6 times in all.
Honours
South Kerry Senior Football Championship (6) 1902, 1903, 1904, 1928, 1929, 1931
Notable players
References
Former Gaelic Athletic Association clubs in Kerry
Gaelic Athletic Association clubs in County Kerry
Gaelic football clubs in County Kerry
Antonio Hysén (born Glenn Anton Hysén 13 December 1990) is a Swedish footballer who 2015 played in the Swedish Football Division 2 for Torslanda IK, as a defender.
Football career
He is a former member of the Swedish under-17 team and was given a trainee contract with BK Häcken from 2007 to 2009, but was hindered by injuries and instead joined Utsiktens BK in 2010.
In 2014, he played with the American fourth division team Myrtle Beach FC. In 2015, he signed with Torslanda IK.
Personal life
Hysén is the son of former Swedish international Glenn Hysén, and was born in Liverpool, when his father was playing for Liverpool F.C. Antonio Hysén came out as gay to the Swedish football magazine Offside in March 2011. The BBC called him "a global one-off".
Hysén was profiled on Swedish broadcaster TV4 on 9 March 2011, in a debate show moderated by Lennart Ekdal titled Får även bögar spela fotboll? ("Can gays play football too?").
As of 2011, he worked part-time as a construction worker.
His older brothers are football players Tobias Hysén (half-brother) and Alexander Hysén. He won the seventh season of Let's Dance, being the first openly gay person to win this competition.
References
External links
Torslanda IK official website
1990 births
Living people
Footballers from Liverpool
Swedish footballers
Association football defenders
BK Häcken players
Gay sportsmen
Dancing with the Stars winners
21st-century LGBT people
LGBT association football players
LGBT sportspeople from Sweden
Salomon Soldin (15 March 1774 - 27 November 1837) was a Jewish-Danish bookseller, publisher, editor, writer and translator.
Early life and background
Soldin was born into a Jewish family in Copenhagenm the son of Israel Isak Soldin, a merchant, and Malka (née Isserl)m who had emigrated to Denmark from Germany. He had four brothers and four sisters.
Career
Salomon Soldin trained as a bookseller with his elder brother Abraham Soldin (1769–1834) and became a partner in the company in an early age. A third brother was the antique book seller Hartvig Soldin (1763–1843). The brothers Salomon and Abraham Soldin created a publishing house of considerable size. Their publications included H. A. Kofod's first encyclopedia which was published in 20 volumes from 1816, a popular series of travel books (34 volumes) and many school books.
Soldin was editor of the journal Nyeste Skilderie af Kjøbenhavn from 1804–25 and its publisher from 1811. He wrote many of the articles himself while other contributors included Rasmus Nyerup, Knud Lyhne Rahbek, N.F.S. Grundtvig and Christian Molbech.
Personal life
Soldin married Hanne Ruben (16 January 1775 - 15 November). She was the daughter of merchant in Helsingør Ephraim Magnus Ruben (1732–1813) and Sara Ruben née Moses (c. 1746 – 1815). The couple had no children.
Philanthropy
Salomon and Hanne Soldin founded the charity Salomon Soldin og hustru Hanne Soldins stiftelse in their will. It purchased Trøstens Bolig at Skindergade 34 in Copenhagen in 1854, converting it into a home for indigent widows and unmarried women of the middle class.
References
External links
19th-century Danish publishers (people)
Danish editors
Danish booksellers
Danish writers
Writers from Copenhagen
Businesspeople from Copenhagen
1774 births
1837 deaths
Danish Jews
Lauren Blair Grissom (born 1985) is a beauty queen from Shelbyville, Tennessee who has held the Miss Tennessee USA title.
Grissom won the Miss Tennessee USA title in a state pageant held in Clarksville on 7 October 2005.
Grissom represented Tennessee in the Miss USA 2006 pageant broadcast live from Baltimore, Maryland on April 21, 2006. She placed as a semi-finalist in the nationally televised pageant, which was won by Tara Conner of Kentucky.
Grissom graduated from the Webb School in Bell Buckle, Tennessee in 2003, after which she worked as a model. She has appeared in 16 music videos, including those for Jake Owen, Keith Urban, Bon Jovi, and Uncle Kracker.
Grissom has also been in commercials, print ads, movies and fashion shows around the world. She came home to continue her education at Middle Tennessee State University as an art major before transferring to study Interior Design. She now has a degree in Interior design from O'More College of Design, and is doing event planning in the Nashville area.
Grissom appeared in the second season of VH1's reality show You're Cut Off! 2 in 2011. After the show aired, she continued her interior design & modeling career.
References
External links
Miss Tennessee USA website
TFTJ Profile
Miss USA Official Profile
1985 births
Living people
Miss Tennessee USA winners
Miss USA 2006 delegates
People from Shelbyville, Tennessee
Middle Tennessee State University alumni
Leinonen is a Finnish surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Artturi Leinonen (1888–1963), Finnish journalist, writer and politician
Eeva Leinonen (born 1958), Finnish academic and head of Australian and Irish universities
Jani Leinonen (born 1978), Finnish artist
Kaarlo Leinonen (1914–1975), Finnish general and Minister of Defence
Mikko Leinonen (born 1955), Finnish ice hockey player
Sanni Leinonen (born 1989), Finnish alpine skier
Tero Leinonen (born 1975), Finnish ice hockey goaltender
Ville Leinonen (born 1975), Finnish singer and songwriter
Finnish-language surnames
William Maxfield was a British Whig politician.
At the 1832 general election he was elected as a Member of Parliament (MP) for Grimsby, defeating the Tory MP Lord Loughborough. He stood down at the 1835 general election.
References
External links
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Whig (British political party) MPs for English constituencies
UK MPs 1832–1835
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Great Grimsby
The province of Qandahar () was a eastern province of Safavid Iran centered around the city of Qandahar, and one of the four provinces of the Khorasan administrative region. It was composed of eight lower-ranking dependencies, Bost-Gereskh, Zamindavar, K.ri (Duki?), Y.ki (Chutiyali?), Garmsir-e Qandahar, Ghuriyan and the tribal district of the Hazaras, which included Qalat.
List of governors
This is a list of the known figures who governed Qandahar. Beglerbeg, hakem and vali were all administrative titles designating the governor.
References
Sources
Qandahar
16th century in Iran
17th century in Iran
18th century in Iran
Qandahar
History of Kandahar
Linos-Alexandre Sicilianos (; born 9 May 1960) is a Greek jurist born in Athens, Greece. He was a judge of the European Court of Human Rights in respect of Greecebetween 2011 and 2020.
He studied law at the University of Athens from where he graduated in 1983. He followed up on his studies at the Robert Schuman University in Strasbourg, from where he obtained a MSc in International Law in 1984 and Doctorate in 1990. On 1 May 2017 he was appointed Vice-President of the Court, and Section President of Section I. He was elected President of the European Court of Human Rights on 1 April 2019, succeeding Guido Raimondi. On 18 May 2020, Róbert Ragnar Spanó from Iceland succeeded him.
He was a candidate for the 2021 International Court of Justice judges election, but was not elected.
References
External link
Living people
Judges of the European Court of Human Rights
1960 births
20th-century Greek lawyers
Lawyers from Athens
Greek judges of international courts and tribunals
National and Kapodistrian University of Athens alumni
21st-century Greek judges
International law scholars
Kodo le tyran ("Kodo the Tyrant"), written and drawn by Fournier, is the twenty-eighth album of the Spirou et Fantasio series, and the author's eighth, following the Spirou retirement of André Franquin. The story was initially serialised in Spirou magazine, before it was released as a hardcover album in 1979.
Story
In Kodo the Tyrant, Spirou and Fantasio are in Burma and try to enter the small country of Catung, a dictatorship closed abroad. Thanks to a drunk pilot, John Madflying, they reach that point, but are separated. Fantasio meets the inspector general of the Mafia, his quasi-double, who controls really Catung, and this one the nap arms with the fist to take its place, because the inspector for submission to taking his retirement. Fantasio thus joined the capital and takes a certain pleasure to ridicule Jataka Kodo, the dictator.
Spirou, it, are found in company of the rebels of Ava Savati. Those learn thanks to the pigeon from Prabang, a mole infiltrated in the palace, that the inspector general and Kodo intend to go to inspect the warehouses of Kuor Lang, they will thus pass on the bridge of Pagor Tevat, that Savati decides to make jump. However, Kodo meets with its lieutenants Chop Suey and Matteo and also proposes to blow up the bridge in order to eliminate Fantasio, which imposes restrictions of its capacity to him.
Little time after the departure of Savati, Spirou discovers with horror the identity of the inspector general, but it is too late…
References
Fournier publications in Spirou BDoubliées
External links
Spirou official site album index
Spirou et Fantasio albums
Works originally published in Spirou (magazine)
Literature first published in serial form
1979 graphic novels
1979 in comics
Comics set in Myanmar
Comics set in Asia
Tohvri is a village in Viljandi Parish, Viljandi County, Estonia. It has a population of 97 (as of 4 January 2010).
References
Villages in Viljandi County
The 1874 City of Dunedin by-election was a by-election held on 23 April 1874 in the electorate in Dunedin during the 5th New Zealand Parliament.
The by-election was caused by the resignation of the incumbent, John Bathgate to when he resigned to take up the appointments of Dunedin resident magistrate and Otago district judge.
The winner of the by-election was Nathaniel Wales.
Wales was opposed by George Elliott Barton and James Gordon Stuart Grant.
Grant was a local eccentric and frequent candidate.
Results
References
Dunedin 1874
1874 elections in New Zealand
April 1874 events
Politics of Dunedin
1870s in Dunedin
Columbus Day is a national holiday in the United States of America.
Columbus Day may also refer to:
Columbus Day (film), directed by Charles Burmeister
Columbus Day Storm of 1962, a storm which occurred in the Pacific Northwest
See also
Columbus (disambiguation)
Oconto – J. Douglas Bake Municipal Airport (KOCQ) is a public use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) southwest of the central business district of Oconto, a city in Oconto County, Wisconsin, United States. It is owned by Oconto City and County. It is included in the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2021–2025, in which it is categorized as a local general aviation facility.
Although many U.S. airports use the same three-letter location identifier for the FAA and IATA, this facility is assigned OCQ by the FAA but has no designation from the IATA.
Facilities and aircraft
Oconto – J. Douglas Bake Municipal Airport (KOCQ) covers an area of 304 acres (123 ha) at an elevation of 604 feet (184 m) above mean sea level. It has two runways: 11/29 is 3,198 by 75 feet (975 x 23 m) with an asphalt surface and 4/22 is 1,840 by 150 feet (561 x 46 m) with a turf surface.
For the 12-month period ending September 14, 2021, the airport had 11,620 aircraft operations, an average of 32 per day: 99% general aviation, 1% air taxi and less than 1% military. In July 2022, there were 23 aircraft based at this airport: all 23 single-engine.
References
External links
at Wisconsin DOT Airport Directory
Airports in Wisconsin
Transportation in Oconto County, Wisconsin
Jannik Hastrup (born 4 May 1941 in Næstved, Denmark) is a Danish writer, director, producer, illustrator and animator. He is considered "Denmark's grand master of animation", as he is particularly well known for directing, animating and writing several animated films, occasionally with Flemming Quist Møller, including Benny's Bathtub, , Samson & Sally, War of the Birds, and . He also directed, wrote and animated a number of shorts following Cirkeline the elf.
Politics
Jannik Hastrup was involved in films with socialist and social realism themes. One of them is the Cirkeline short film Flugten fra Amerika (Escape from America), which portrays a racist and poverty-filled New York City, followed by the Statue of Liberty with Richard Nixon's face and a rifle held above, and sympathetic portrayals of the Black Panther Party and a Native American tribe. The film was political enough that the public Danish Broadcasting Corporation refused to air it. Other works with political messages include and Trællene.
Feature films
(2014)
(2007)
(2004)
(2002)
(2000)
(1998)
(1998)
(1995)
Fuglekrigen i Kanøfleskoven (1990)
(1986)
Samson og Sally (1984)
The Thralls (1980)
Bennys badekar (1971)
Short films
/ Just a prank' (2015)
/ Tefik, when you fall you get back up again (2014)
/ Jamila, if only I could fly (2013)
/ Solén, I always remember daddy (2013)
/ Circleen in Fandango (2010)
/ War & Peas (2006)
(2005)
/ A Tale about The Guilty Conscience (2005)
/ Dog & Fish (2001)
(1996)
– 4 episoder (1995)
/ Song of the Sea (1993)
/ Aint Nobody here but us chickens (1992)
/ The Wonderfull World of Barney and Betty (1991)
Take Care (1988)
/ Magic Mary and her puppets (1985)
(1985)
Roji Negra (1985)
/ The further adventures of the Ugly Duckling (1982)
Trællene (The Thralls) – 9 episoder (1980)
/ Better rich and healthy than poor and sick (1977)
/ The Historybook – 9 episoder (1973)
/ The Wishbone (1972)
Cirkeline / Circleen – 19 episoder (1967–71)
Bennys Badekar / Bennys Bathtub (1970)
Regnbuen / The Rainbow (1969)
Flodhesten / The Hippo (1969)
Det store slæderøveri (1969)
/ The boy and the moon (1968)
It doesn't mean a thing (1967)
/ The General (1966)
/ Scoundrel (1966)
(1966)
Hvordan man opdrager sine forældre / How to bring up your parents (1966)
Skorstensfejeren gik en tur (1965)
Fagotten der fik ondt i maven (1965)
(1964)
Agnete og Havmanden'' (1964)
References
External links
Jannik Hastrup films on YouTube
1941 births
Danish animated film directors
Danish animated film producers
Danish animators
Danish film directors
Danish film producers
20th-century Danish illustrators
Living people
People from Næstved Municipality
Bodil Honorary Award recipients
The abandoned 1939–40 season would have been the 48th season of The Football League. The kick-off in all divisions took place on Saturday 26 August 1939. On Friday 1 September 1939, Germany invaded Poland. On Saturday 2 September 1939, all divisions of the Football League played their third game of the season. These would be the last fixtures before abandonment following the British declaration of war on Germany on Sunday 3 September 1939. Large gatherings of crowds were suspended with the implementation of the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act 1939.
Blackpool were leading the First Division when the season was abandoned.
League tables when season was abandoned
The tables below are reproduced here in the exact form that they can be found at The Rec.Sport.Soccer Statistics Foundation website and in Rothmans Book of Football League Records 1888–89 to 1978–79, with home and away statistics separated.
Match results are drawn from Rothmans for all divisions.
First Division
Results
Maps
Second Division
Results
Maps
Third Division North
Results
Maps
Third Division South
Results
Maps
See also
1939-40 in English football
1939 in association football
1940 in association football
References
English Football League seasons
Eng
1939–40 in English football leagues
Cancelled sports events
A statue of Marcelino García Barragán is installed along the Rotonda de los Jaliscienses Ilustres, in Centro, Guadalajara, in the Mexican state of Jalisco.
References
External links
Outdoor sculptures in Guadalajara
Rotonda de los Jaliscienses Ilustres
Sculptures of men in Mexico
Statues in Jalisco
Callicarpa pentandra is a species of beautyberry tree. It is a tall, large tree. The leaves are oval-shaped and the flowers are violet. The berries are green when young but become bright pink to purple when ripe. It ranges from India, Southern China, and the Solomon Islands to Borneo. In Borneo its local names are Belau, Bilau, Guro and Kayu hobo.
External links
Callicarpa pentandra info
pentandra
Paracobitis hagiangensis is a species of stone loach found in Vietnam.
References
hagiangensis
Fish of Asia
Fish of Vietnam
Taxa named by Nguyễn Văn Hảo
Fish described in 2005
Geogenanthus poeppigii, commonly called the seersucker plant, is a flowering plant species in the family Commelinaceae (the dayflower & spiderwort family). As currently circumscribed, the genus Geogenanthus includes two other species, G. ciliatus and G. rhizanthus. This species is named after 19th century German naturalist Eduard Friedrich Poeppig. Geogenanthus undatus is an outdated synonym for G. poeppigii.
Etymology
The specific epithet poeppigii is named after the man who first discovered this species, Eduard Friedrich Poeppig (1798-1868). This species got its common name, 'seersucker plant', because of its close resemblance to the puckering of seersucker fabric.
Systematics
Geogenanthus poeppiggi belongs to the genus Geogenanthus of the flowering plant family Commelinaceae. Commelinaceae is a well defined family of 41 genera and about 650 species. G. poeppiggi is placed under the subtribe Dichorisandrinae, within the tribe Tradescantieae. Tradescantieae consists 7 subtribes and the subtribe Dichorisandrinae consists of 5 new world genera and around 51 species. The 5 genera is divided into two monophyletic groups. Dichorisandra, Siderasis and Geogenanthus are one monophyletic group and the second group contains Cochliostema and Plowmanianthus. Dichorisandrinae subtribe displays a range of morphological and ecological variation within it. All members of the subtribe share a similar karyotype of 19 large chromosomes. The genus Geogenanthus is distinguished by a particular 6-celled stomatal complex and basal axillary inflorescences. An analysis of DNA sequences indicate Geogenanthus is closely related to the genus Plowmanianthus followed by Cochliostema. Roots of Geogenanthus are tuberous and they penetrate the soil, which makes the genus different from its close relatives. Analysis of morphological characters in Commelinaceae indicate Geogenanthus is closely related to Dichoriscantieae and Siderasis, but Geogenanthus is placed as the sister to Dichoriscantieae and Siderasis in the cladogram from the combined morphology and sequence analysis, with high bootstrap value supporting the placement.
Based on the estimates of origin and diversification of the order Commelinales, which might have been sometime during the mid to late cretaceous period i.e. between 123 and 66 million years ago, it can be very roughly estimated that the genus Geogenanthus could have originated 66 million years ago.
Distribution
Native to Amazonia. It has been documented in the lowlands of Peru and western Brazil, and is typically found on the floor of primary rainforests.
Morphology
The bottom of the leaf is purple and the top of its leaves are green with darker green stripes. The surface as a whole has a "puckered" appearance; hence the common name seersucker plant. This plant is particularly unique because its cymes rise from the lower nodes, which often looks like they're growing out of the ground. The three upper stamens are hairy and the three lower ones longer and smooth. Nodes and internodes are prominent on the stem. The stem of the plant is covered in minute brown hairs and, underground, plants possess a short, branching rhizome.
Uses
This species is adaptable to a low light environment which has made it preferable for a house plant. It also likes humidity and, in a pot, it should not be allowed to dry out for too long.
Horticulture
Bright, indirect sunlight is best. As with many related species, these plants do not flower or set seed freely, so stem cuttings are usually used to propagate this species.
References
Commelinaceae
James Blythe Rogers (born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, 11 February 1802; died there, 15 June 1852) was a United States chemist.
Biography
He was the eldest son of Patrick Kerr Rogers, who had graduated from the medical department of the University of Pennsylvania in 1802, and in 1819 was elected professor of natural philosophy and mathematics at the College of William & Mary, where he remained until his death. James Rogers was educated at William and Mary, and, after preliminary studies with Dr. Thomas E. Bond, received the degree of M.D. from the University of Maryland in 1822. Subsequently he taught in Baltimore, but soon afterward settled in Little Britain, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, and there practised medicine.
He found the practice of medicine uncongenial, and returned to Baltimore to become superintendent of a large chemical factory. He devoted himself assiduously to the study of pure and applied chemistry, and became professor of that branch in Washington Medical College, Baltimore, also lecturing on the same subject at the Mechanics' Institute. In 1835 he was called to the same chair in the medical department of Cincinnati College, where he remained until 1839, spending his summer vacations in field work and chemical investigations in connection with the geological survey of Virginia, which was then under the charge of his brother William.
In 1840 he settled permanently in Philadelphia, where he became an assistant to his brother Henry, at that time state geologist of Pennsylvania, and in 1841 he was appointed lecturer on chemistry in the Philadelphia Medical Institute, a summer school. He was elected professor of general chemistry at the Franklin Institute in 1844, and remained there until his election in 1847 to succeed Robert Hare as professor of chemistry in the University of Pennsylvania.
Rogers was a representative at the national medical convention in 1847, and a delegate to the national convention for the revision of the United States Pharmacopeia in 1850, and a member of various learned societies.
Works
He contributed papers to scientific journals, and with his brother Robert prepared the seventh edition of Edward Turner's Elements of Chemistry and William Gregory's Outlines of Organic Chemistry, in one volume (Philadelphia, 1846).
Notes
References
Further reading
Joseph Carson, Memoir of the Life and Character of James B. Rogers (Philadelphia, 1852)
William S. W. Ruschenberger, The Brothers Rogers (Philadelphia, 1885)
1802 births
1852 deaths
American chemists
Physicians from Philadelphia
University of Maryland, College Park alumni
College of William & Mary alumni
University of Cincinnati faculty
University of Pennsylvania faculty
There are 91 working locks on the Canal du Midi along its course from the Bassin du Thau on the Mediterranean coast to the junction with the Canal lateral a la Garonne in Toulouse. There are a further 13 locks on the La Nouvelle branch which runs through Narbonne to the Mediterranean at Port-la-Nouvelle. The locks are all under the management of the French navigation authority, Voies navigables de France.
Construction
The Canal du Midi was built between 1666 and 1681 by Pierre-Paul Riquet to provide an inland water route through Southern France between the Atlantic at Bordeaux and the Mediterranean at Sète via the Garonne. The first design for the locks on the canal was a rectangular shape however due to a collapse of a side-wall early in the building program (exactly which lock is not recorded), Riquet modified his plans and rebuilt both existing and new locks with an ovoid chamber. They were typically 11m wide at the midpoint and 6m at the gates with an overall length of 30.5m. Riquet also restricted the maximum rise to 2.9m so whereas previously he would have built one deep lock he instead used intermediate gates creating double, triple and sometimes quadruple chambers. During the Canal du Midi modernisation program of the 1970s several of these multiple chambers were converted into single "deep" locks with concrete side walls.
The lock gates were originally made of oak in the traditional mitre pattern with balance beams and each gate had a single large wooden sluice drawn up by a vertical screw. The introduction of electric and hydraulic systems for both the lifting of the sluices and the opening of the gates has seen the removal of the balance beams and modern gates are of metal construction.
At each lock there is a double-fronted two-storey lockkeeper's house upon which is fixed either a cast iron or a masonry sign showing the name of the lock and the name and distance to the adjacent locks in each direction. The locks are still operated by lockkeepers and passage is only possible when they are in attendance however on La Nouvelle branch operation by boaters is allowed. The locks are open every day except 1 January, 11 November and 25 December, from 08:00 until 17:30 out of season and 08:00 until 19:00 in the summer peak; all locks are closed 12:30 – 13:30 for lunch.
Profile
At its western end, Toulouse, the canal is at an altitude of and climbs to at its summit level between Ocean Lock and Mediterranee Lock west of Castelnaudary before dropping down to sea level at Sète.
The graph shows the profile of the Canal du Midi from Toulouse (1), through the summit of the canal at Seuil de Naurouze (2), Castelnaudary (3), then Carcassonne (4) and Trèbes (5). The channel continues to Béziers just after Fonsérannes Lock (6), and then on to Agde (7) before flowing in to the Bassin de Thau at Sète (8).
At , Naurouze is the highest point of the canal with a drop of between the summit and Toulouse and between the summit and Sète. The longest pound is between Argens Lock (Aude) and the Fonsérannes Lock (Hérault) while the shortest reach is between two locks at Fresquel.
Locks
The following list numbers the locks from the Canal lateral a la Garonne in the west to the Bassin du Thau in the east. Staircase locks are listed as a single entity but the number of individual chambers in the flight is noted. Travelling west to east from Toulouse to Sète the locks numbered 1–18 are ascending and 19–86 are descending. Castanet lock is the first lock with an elliptical chamber, as Riquet realised it was the best fit solution due to mechanical stress from surrounding areas.
See also
Aqueducts on the Canal du Midi
Water features on the Canal du Midi
Notes
Lock numbers are as given in the appendix of the 1994 edition From Sea to Sea by L.T.C. Rolt
The flight at Fonserannes was "replaced" by a water slope in 1984 hence the single "lock number". However, the slope has never worked and the 6 flight staircase remains the only way to pass through meaning that there are 91 locks but only 86 numbers.
Chamber has three sets of gates, the third being the junction with the branch descente dans l'Hérault
References
Xilin may refer to:
Xilin (mythology) or qilin, a mythical creature of ancient China
Xilin District, a district in Yichun, Heilongjiang, China
Xilin County, a county in Guangxi, China
Xilin Gol League, a prefecture-level division of Inner Mongolia, China
Xilin River, a river in Inner Mongolia, China
Xilin MRT station, an upcoming Mass Rapid Transit station on the Downtown MRT line in Singapore
See also
Kirin (disambiguation)
Kylin (disambiguation)
Qilin (disambiguation)
Xiling (disambiguation)
The Fire Brigade (also known as Fire!) is 1926 American silent drama film directed by William Nigh. The film stars May McAvoy and Charles Ray. The Fire Brigade originally contained sequences shot in two-color Technicolor. A print of the film is preserved in the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer/United Artists archives.
The producers of the film contributed 25 per cent of the film's receipts toward a college for the instruction of fire-fighting officers.
Plot
Terry O'Neil (Charles Ray) is the youngest of a group of Irish-American firefighting brothers. He courts Helen Corwin (May McAvoy), the daughter of a politician whose crooked building contracts resulted in devastating blazes.
Cast
May McAvoy as Helen Corwin
Charles Ray as Terry O'Neil
Holmes Herbert as James Corwin
Tom O'Brien as Joe O'Neil
Eugenie Besserer as Mrs. O'Neil
Warner Richmond as Jim O'Neil
Bert Woodruff as Captain O'Neil
Vivia Ogden as Bridget
DeWitt Jennings as Fire Chief Wallace
Dan Mason as Peg Leg Murphy
Erwin Connelly as Thomas Wainright
See also
List of early color feature films
References
External links
1926 films
1926 drama films
1920s color films
American disaster films
Silent American drama films
American silent feature films
Films about Irish-American culture
Films directed by William Nigh
Films shot in Los Angeles
Films about firefighting
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
Silent films in color
1920s American films
The Hidden shift problem states: Given an oracle that encodes two functions and , there is an n-bit string for which for all . Find . Many functions, such as the Legendre symbol and Bent functions, satisfy these constraints. With a quantum algorithm that's defined as "" where is the Hadamard gate and does the Fourier transform of , this problem can be solved in a polynomial number of queries to while taking exponential queries with a classical algorithm. The difference between the Hidden subgroup problem and the Hidden shift problem is that the former focuses on the underlying group while the latter focuses on the underlying ring or field.
References
Quantum algorithms
Bengt Edvin Axel Grive, né Gustafsson (21 March 1921 – 17 September 2003) was a Swedish sports commentator, journalist and author.
Career
Grive was born in Stockholm, Sweden, the son of Edvin Gustafsson and Elsa (née Lindström). Grive worked as a firefighter in Stockholm during a few years in the 1940s.
Grive worked at Aftonbladet newspaper from 1951 to 1956, and performed as a variety show artist from 1953 to 1960. In 1960, he became a reporter for Sveriges Television, where he worked until 1990 when he became a freelance journalist. In 1993, he started working for Eurosport when the channel expanded its broadcast to the Nordics. He got to commentate both tennis and ski jumping. He also became a mentor for amongst others Chris Härenstam and Niklas Holmgren.
He is best known for commentating Björn Borg's tennis finals in Wimbledon during the 1970s and 1980s. He also commentated table tennis, figure skating and football. He was part of the Swedish elite in table tennis, during a few years and won the Swedish championship in the sport in 1951.
Personal life
In 1945, Grive married Marta Svensson (1923–2005), the daughter of Ivar Svensson, a merchant, and Linnéa (née Eriksson). They had one daughter, Madeleine Grive (born 1955), a journalist.
Bibliography
References
External links
1921 births
2003 deaths
Swedish sports broadcasters
Swedish male table tennis players
Journalists from Stockholm
Bellevue Hill is a harbourside eastern suburb of Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia, located five kilometres east of the Sydney central business district, in the Municipality of Woollahra.
The suburb is located within the Division of Wentworth electorate.
History
The area of contemporary Bellevue Hill was originally part of the lands of the Cadigal people. Their livelihood was composed of fishing and shellfish collecting.
In the early 19th century, Irish-Australian immigrants referred to the area as Vinegar Hill, after the Battle of Vinegar Hill, an engagement during the 1798 uprising of the United Irishmen in south-east Ireland. Governor Lachlan Macquarie took great exception to this and decided to name the suburb Bellevue Hill, the belle vue meaning beautiful view.
The area became part of Daniel Cooper's estate, who passed most of it on his death in 1853 to his nephew, Sir Daniel Cooper. From the mid-19th century, land along the ridges was released, leading to the construction of the first houses, such as Ginahgulla, owned by the Fairfax family, and Cranbrook. The lack of public transport but preponderance of scenic views led to the area being aimed at those without the need for the former but with the appreciation for the latter.
Further land was released along the heights and the western side of the hill overlooking Double Bay in the early 20th century. The extension of the tram line began mass suburban development, with most housing ending up owner-occupied and built between 1910 and 1930, with later waves of redevelopment especially in the 1990s.
Former tram service
The line to Bellevue Hill opened in 1909. Services operated from Circular Quay via Elizabeth and Park streets. Trams heading south from Circular Quay down Elizabeth Street swung left into Park Street, via a right turn into Yurong Street, a left turn into Stanley Street, a right turn into Bourke Street, then a left turn into Burton Street.
A feature was the tram only viaduct over Barcom Avenue and Boundary Street in Darlinghurst as the line headed into MacDonald Street. This viaduct is now a road bridge. The line then twisted down Glenmore, Gurner and Hargreave Streets in Paddington, then Moncur and Queen Streets in Woollahra. Here, a connection to Oxford Street allowed access to the Waverley Bus Depot. The line then travelled down Edgecliff and Victoria Roads, then wound along Birriga Road in Bellevue Hill, finally running down Curlewis Street in Bondi to join the Bondi Beach via Bondi Junction line on Campbell Parade, to the North Bondi terminus. The line was double track throughout with numerous points to allow short working.
The line was cut back to Ocean Street, Woollahra in 1955; the remainder closed on 27 June 1959. The line followed approximately the current route of bus route 389 from the city.
Demographics
According to the 2011 census of Population, there were 10,765 residents in Bellevue Hill. 56.3% of residents were born in Australia. The most common other countries of birth were England 5.1%, South Africa 4.7% and New Zealand 2.4%. 73.9% of residents spoke only English at home. Other languages spoken at home included Hebrew 1.3%, Cantonese 1.3% and Mandarin 1.1%. The most common responses for religious affiliation were Judaism 23.0%, No Religion 19.2% and Catholic 16.7%. The most common occupations for residents were Professionals 41.9%, Managers 20.7% and Clerical and Administrative Workers 12.8%.
In the 2016 census, 10,716 residents were counted. 58.2% of these had been born in Australia. The most common other countries of birth were England 5.8%, South Africa 4.9%, New Zealand 2.2%, China 1.6% and United States of America 1.2%. 74.8% of residents spoke only English at home. Other languages spoken at home included Hebrew 1.8%, Mandarin 1.7%, Russian 1.3%, Portuguese 1.2% and French 1.2%. The most common responses for religious affiliation were No Religion 28.1%, Judaism 21.4% and Catholic 16.8%. The most common occupations included Professionals 40.8%, Managers 22.3%, Clerical and Administrative Workers 11.4%, Sales Workers 7.9%, and Community and Personal Service Workers 7.2%. 4.2% of employed people in Bellevue Hill worked in Legal Services. Other major industries of employment included Other Auxiliary Finance and Investment Services 3.0%, Banking 2.9%, General Practice Medical Services 2.8% and Real Estate Services 2.6%.
At the 2021 census, there were 10,590 in Bellevue Hill.
Real estate
Bellevue Hill became the home of the Fairfax family, who lived at Trahlee, in Ginahgulla Road, which was leased by James Fairfax from 1866 to 1878. They then moved to Ginahgulla (now known as Fairfax House and owned by The Scots College) on the same road.
The historic Queen Anne home Caerleon was sold for $22 million in January 2008. This price was surpassed by the $23 million paid for a mansion in Victoria Road in November 2009. The mansion had previously been used by the French consulate since 1955. One person who inspected it was actor Russell Crowe, who subsequently did not take part in the bidding. The house was bought by Lachlan Murdoch.
Actress Toni Collette sold her Bellevue Hill home in August 2009 for $6.4 million. The house, El Mio, had been the base for Collette and her husband, musician David Galafassi, since they bought it in 2004 for $5 million. The house was located in Rupertswood Avenue and was designed in 1928 in the Spanish Mission style. It was initially passed in at $6.3 million, but was then sold within an hour after successful negotiations with the highest bidder.
Heritage listings
Bellevue Hill has a number of heritage-listed sites, including:
24 Victoria Road: Leura (Bellevue Hill)
The following buildings are on the (now defunct) Register of the National Estate.
Rona, Ginahgulla Road
Ginahgulla, Ginahgulla Road, now known as Fairfax House and part of the Scots College
Rovello, Ginahgulla Road
Caerleon, Ginahgulla Road (first Queen Anne home in Australia)
House and Gardens, 1 Rose Bay Avenue
Former Government House, now part of Cranbrook School, Victoria Road
Sports Pavilion, Cranbrook School, New South Head Road (designed by John Horbury Hunt)
Trahlee, Ginahgulla Road, is listed on the Heritage Register of New South Wales
Villa d'Este, Victoria Road, is listed on the Heritage Register of New South Wales
Bonnington, Victoria Road, is listed on the Heritage Register of New South Wales
Wirian, Victoria Road, former home of Martin Sharp, is listed on the State Heritage Register of New South Wales
Schools
Bellevue Hill has several schools, including Bellevue Hill Public School and private schools The Scots College and Cranbrook School.
Notable residents
Kerry Packer, a businessman who was Australia's richest man at the time of his death in December 2005, lived at Cairnton on Victoria Road.
James Packer, son of Kerry Packer and a businessman who was Australia's richest man from 2006 to 2008.
Tony Hancock, comedian. Found dead after an overdose in his flat.
Edmund Capon, the former director of the Art Gallery of New South Wales, lived in Bellevue Hill.
Rene Rivkin, the late stockbroker, lived at Carrara, 5 Rose Bay Avenue, Bellevue Hill. He later moved to Point Piper.
Charles Blackburn, a former chancellor of the University of Sydney. Died at his home in Bellevue Hill.
Alan Kippax, the former Australian Test cricketer and captain of New South Wales. Lived in Bellevue Hill for many years, and died at his home in 1972.
Sir William McMahon and Lady McMahon, Prime Minister of Australia and wife lived in Drumalbyn Road And Victoria Road respectively.
May Brahe composer, spent her last years here and in Onslow Gardens, Potts Point
David Wilson KC, lived at Yandooya, Cranbrook Road, from 1919 until 1943. This house was built in 1912 to a design by the architectural firm of Manson and Pickering and had extensive grounds running between Cranbrook Road and Cranbrook Lane. The Scots College bought the property in 1943 and it became a boarding facility, Royle House, but was demolished in 1981.
Martin Sharp, artist, lived in Wirian in Victoria Road, Bellevue Hill, from 1978 until his death in 2013
Helen Garner, writer, lived in Bellevue Hill in the late 1990s
Chad Morrison, former Australian rules footballer
Gordian Fulde, director of emergency medicine at St Vincent's Hospital
Sport and recreation
Since 1908, Bellevue Hill has been represented in one of Australia's most popular sporting competitions, the National Rugby League, by the Sydney Roosters, officially known as the Eastern Suburbs District Rugby League Football Club.
Gallery
References
External links
[CC-By-SA]
Suburbs of Sydney
Željko Jerkov (born 6 November 1953, in Pula) is a former Croatian professional basketball player. At a height of 2.08 m (6'10") tall, and a weight of 95 kg (210 lbs.), he played at the center position.
Professional career
Jerkov was a member of the FIBA European Selection, in 1976, 1978, and 1982.
Yugoslav national team
Jerkov competed with the senior Yugoslav national basketball team at the 1976 Summer Olympics, where he won a silver medal, and at the 1980 Summer Olympics, where he won a gold medal.
Awards and accomplishments
Clubs
2× Yugoslav Cup Winner: (1974, 1977)
2× FIBA Korać Cup Champion: (1976, 1977)
3× FIBA European Selection: (1976, 1978, 1982)
Yugoslav League Champion: (1977)
FIBA Saporta Cup Champion: (1983)
References
External links
FIBA Profile
FIBA Europe Profile
Italian League Profile
1953 births
Living people
Croatian men's basketball players
Basketball players at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
KK Split players
Lega Basket Serie A players
Olympic basketball players of Yugoslavia
Olympic gold medalists for Yugoslavia
Olympic medalists in basketball
Olympic silver medalists for Yugoslavia
Pallacanestro Treviso players
Sportspeople from Pula
Victoria Libertas Pesaro players
Yugoslav men's basketball players
1974 FIBA World Championship players
1978 FIBA World Championship players
1982 FIBA World Championship players
Medalists at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Centers (basketball)
FIBA World Championship-winning players
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for Yugoslavia
Mediterranean Games medalists in basketball
Competitors at the 1975 Mediterranean Games
Viva la Diva is an operatic ballet show by Welsh mezzo-soprano Katherine Jenkins and prima ballerina Darcey Bussell, CBE. In the show Jenkins and Bussell pay homage to past 'divas' and idols, including Doris Day, Edith Piaf (who died in 1963), Marilyn Monroe (who died in 1962), Maria Callas (who died in 1977), Fred Astaire (who died in 1987), Audrey Hepburn (who died in 1993) and Moira Shearer (who died in 2006). Choreographer Kim Gavin directs.
The object of the show was to primarily swap talents. Bussell and Jenkins sang and danced respectively. In an interview, they reported it as being 'so, so much fun', but completely new territory for both of them. The show's 17 date tour around the UK was a sellout.
The show was not received favourably by The Daily Telegraph's reviewer.
The DVD of the concerts was released on 10 November 2008, and was filmed at the O2 Arena London. The DVD also includes bonus interviews with Jenkins and Bussell. The idea of the show came from Steven Howard, who also produced it.
References
Katherine Jenkins video albums
2007 concert tours
2008 concert tours
Ballet in the United Kingdom
Alian District () is a rural district in Kaohsiung, Taiwan.
History
After the handover of Taiwan from Japan to the Republic of China in 1945, Alian was organized as a rural township of Kaohsiung County. On December 25, 2010, Kaohsiung County was merged with Kaohsiung City and Alian was upgraded to a district of the city.
Geography
The district is located at the northeast of the Kaohsiung Plain on the north end of western Kaohsiung City, between the Erren River and the Agongdian River.
Administrative divisions
The district consists of Shian, Zhonglu, Fengshan, Ganghou, Gangshan, Alian, Qinglian, Helian, Jingqi, Fuan, Yuku and Nanlian Village.
Tourist attractions
Chaofeng Temple (大崗山超峰寺)
Dagang Mountain Scenic Area
Erren River
Guander Temple (光德寺)
Lianfeng Temple (大崗山蓮峰寺)
Transportation
The district is connected to Tainan's Xinhua District through Provincial Highway 39, to Luzhu and Tianliao through Provincial Highway 28, and to Guanmiao, Tainan and Gangshan through Provincial Highway 19A.
Notable natives
Ho Ming-tsan, football player
See also
Kaohsiung
References
External links
Osówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potok Wielki, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Potok Wielki, west of Janów Lubelski, and south of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Janów Lubelski County
Show Low High School is a public high school in Show Low, Arizona. It is the only traditional high school under the jurisdiction of the Show Low Unified School District. The school enrolls an estimated 767 students in grades 9–12. Show Low's mascot is a cougar and its school colors are green and gold. The school is a member of the Arizona Interscholastic Association's 3A East Athletics Conference and competes in Division III sports.
History
Show Low High was established in 1975. Prior to then, students attended Snowflake High School. As both areas grew Snowflake became overcrowded, and Show Low received its own high school. In the early 2000s, a new high school was built on Cougar Lane in favor of expansion and modernization. The previous school building became Show Low Junior High and has around 700 students.
Demographics
As of 2019–20, there were 42 total teachers, principals, and other school leaders and 782 students currently enrolled in the district with enrollment listed at 100%. Of the 42 teachers, principals, and other school leaders, 5 (8%) are listed as teaching out of the subject area in which they are certified.
The racial makeup of the students, in 2019–20, was 80% White, 14% Hispanic, 3% Native American and 2% Multiple Races. The four-year graduation rate within the first 4 years of enrolling in high school was 88%. Graduation rates were broken down to: 87% Male, 90% Female, 85% Hispanic, 90% White, 84% Low SES, and 76% Special Education. In 2019–20, reports indicate 0 students were enrolled in at least one advanced placement course, 0 students with chronic absenteeism, 0 indents of violence and 12 students reported as harassed or bullied based on sex, race, color, national origin or disability.
Academics
In the fiscal year 2019, the Arizona Department of Education published an annual achievement profile for Show Low High School resulting in a grade of "C" based on an A through F scale. Scores were based on "year to year student academic growth, proficiency on English language arts, math and science, the proficiency and academic growth of English language learners, indicators that an elementary student is ready for success in high school and that high school students are ready to succeed in a career or higher education and high school graduation rates".
The United States national nonprofit organization, GreatSchools, gives Show Low High School a 5/10 (about average) overall rating noting that students perform "about average on state tests, have below average college readiness measures, and this school has below average results in how well it's serving disadvantaged students". The organization gives Show Low High School a 5/10 for "Academic progress", 4/10 for "college readiness", 6/10 for standardized "test scores", and 3/10 for "equity" (disadvantaged students at this school may be falling behind).
Extracurricular activities
There is a variety of interaction clubs and sports include but are not limited to: football, soccer, softball, track, cross-country, wrestling, basketball, volleyball, golf, baseball and others.
State championships for the Cougars in athletics include the following:
Baseball (boys): 1989 and 1991
Cross-country (girls): 1980 and 1981
Football (boys): 1999, 2003, 2007 and 2010
Golf (boys): 1990 and 1991
Soccer (girls): 2011
Softball (girls): 1985, 1995 and 1998
Track and field (girls): 1981 and 2015
Wrestling (boys): 2002, 2003 and 2017
Notable alumni
Dan Deublein, American actor from the television series Beverly Hills, 90210.
Doug Mathis – former Major League Baseball relief pitcher for the Texas Rangers organization
References
Public high schools in Arizona
Educational institutions established in 1975
Schools in Navajo County, Arizona
Show Low, Arizona
1975 establishments in Arizona
Lemieszów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uchanie, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Uchanie, north-west of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Radical 84 or radical steam () meaning "steam", "air" or "breath" is one of the 34 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals in total) composed of 4 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary, there are 17 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.
is also the 81st indexing component in the Table of Indexing Chinese Character Components predominantly adopted by Simplified Chinese dictionaries published in mainland China.
The radical character is an ancient form of , and used as the simplified form of it in Simplified Chinese.
Evolution
Derived characters
In modern Chinese, this radical is used to form characters representing gaseous chemical elements and compounds.
Literature
External links
Unihan Database - U+6C14
084
081
The New Age Steppers is the debut studio album by The New Age Steppers. It was released on On-U Sound in 1981.
Critical reception
Andy Kellman of AllMusic gave the album 4 out of 5 stars, commenting that "the record epitomizes the spirit of the exciting late-'70s/early-'80s crossbreeding that took place between punk and reggae." Ira Robbins of Trouser Press called the album "intriguing, if not entirely successful". David Katz of Fact wrote, "the New Age Steppers' eponymous debut is a messy, self-indulgent set that points in several directions at once, ultimately forming a sonic marker of an era when the link between punk and dub was anything but tenuous."
Track listing
Personnel
Credits adapted from liner notes.
Ari Up – vocals
Vivien Goldman – vocals
Mark Stewart – vocals
John Waddington – guitar
Viv Albertine – guitar
Antonio "Crucial Tony" Phillips – guitar
George Oban – bass guitar
Steve Beresford – bass guitar, piano, percussion effects
Sean Oliver – piano
Vikki Aspinall – violin
Bruce Smith – synthesizer, drums, percussion effects
Style Scott – drums
Cecil – drums
Stephen "Shoes" New – drums
Dan Sheals – drums
Technical
Nobby Turner – percussion effects, engineering
Adrian Sherwood – production, mixing
Bob – engineering
Andy Martin (credited as Bill Bell) – artwork
References
External links
1981 debut albums
Albums produced by Adrian Sherwood
On-U Sound Records albums
The 1977-78 French Rugby Union Championship was won by Béziers beating Montferrand in the final.
Formula
The "elite" (group A) were formed by five pools of eight clubs.
Were 25 the teams of groups A qualified for the knockout stages with seven team coming from group B, also formed by 40 teams.
Both group were arranged in 5 pools of 8 teams.
Qualification Round
Group A
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round. The teams are listed according to the final ranking
Group B
The teams qualified are here listed:
Knockout stage
"Last 32"
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
"Last 16"
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Quarter of finals
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Semifinals
Final
External links
Compte rendu finale de 1978 lnr.fr
1978
France
Championship
The Holly River is a tributary of the Elk River in central West Virginia in the United States. Via the Elk, Kanawha, and Ohio Rivers, it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River, draining an area of in a rural region of the Allegheny Mountains. It is approximately long, or including its Left Fork. The river was named for the holly bushes along its course.
The Holly River is formed by the confluence of its Left Fork and its Right Fork:
The Left Fork Holly River, long, rises in northeastern Webster County, approximately southwest of Pickens, and flows generally westward through the southern part of Holly River State Park and the community of Hacker Valley into eastern Braxton County.
The Right Fork Holly River, long, rises in north-central Webster County, approximately northeast of Webster Springs, and flows generally northwestward through the communities of Diana and Big Run into eastern Braxton County.
From the confluence of its left and right forks, the Holly River flows westward as an arm of Sutton Lake, formed by a dam on the Elk River, to its mouth approximately east of Sutton. The Holly River's course and the lower reaches of the left and right forks are part of the Elk River Wildlife Management Area.
According to the West Virginia Department of Environmental Protection, approximately 97% of the Holly River watershed is forested, mostly deciduous. Approximately 2% is used for pasture and agriculture.
See also
List of rivers of West Virginia
References
External links
Rivers of West Virginia
Rivers of Webster County, West Virginia
Rivers of Braxton County, West Virginia
Elk River (West Virginia)
António José de Sousa Barroso (5 November 1854 – 31 August 1918) was a Portuguese missionary and prelate of the Catholic Church, who was Prelate of Mozambique from 1891 to 1897, Bishop of Saint Thomas of Mylapore from 1897 to 1899, and thence Bishop of Porto until his death.
The cause for his canonization was officially opened in 1992 by Archbishop Júlio Tavares Rebimbas. In June 2017, Pope Francis officially recognized a decree from the Congregation for the Causes of Saints stating that he lived a life of "heroic virtues" — a major step towards beatification — and he is now referred to as "Venerable".
Distinctions
National orders
Grand Cross of the Order of Christ
Grand Cross of the Order of the Immaculate Conception of Vila Viçosa (1886)
References
External links
1854 births
1918 deaths
19th-century venerated Christians
20th-century venerated Christians
Bishops of Porto
People from Barcelos, Portugal
Roman Catholic missionaries in Africa
Roman Catholic missionaries in India
Venerated Catholics by Pope Francis
Sri Medananda Daham Pasala() is a school located in the Akuressa Matara Road Near the Palatuwa Village. It was initially founded as a Daham school in 1974. The founder of the school was the Rer. Baragama Dammaloka Thero incumbent of Unella Sri Nagarama Purana Viharaya. The school has a population of 310 students studying from primary level to secondary level and 18 teachers.
Principals
Daham Pasal Houses
College Houses' Names and Colours:
External links
Facebook Fan page
See also Sri Siduhath Daham School
Schools in Matara District
Yalchiki (, ) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Yalchiksky District of the Chuvash Republic, Russia. Population:
References
Notes
Sources
Rural localities in Chuvashia
Maroli railway station is a railway station on the Western Railway network in the state of Gujarat, India. It is 8 kilometers from the Navsari railway station. Passenger, MEMU and few Express/Superfast trains halt at Maroli railway station.
Major trains
Following Express & Superfast trains halt at Maroli railway station in both direction:
19033/34 Valsad–Ahmedabad Gujarat Queen Express
12929/30 Valsad–Dahod Intercity Superfast Express
19023/24 Mumbai Central–Firozpur Janata Express
19215/16 Mumbai Central–Porbandar Saurashtra Express
12921/22 Mumbai Central–Surat Flying Ranee Superfast Express
See also
Navsari district
References
Railway stations in Navsari district
Mumbai WR railway division
Ollabelle is the self-titled debut album by New York act Ollabelle, released in 2004. It was produced by T-Bone Burnett.
Track listing
"Before This Time"
"Soul of a Man"
"Elijah Rock"
"Jesus on the Mainline"
"Get Back Temptation"
"I Am Waiting"
"Two Steps"
"No More My Lawd"
"Can't Nobody Do Me Like Jesus"
"The Storms Are on the Ocean"
"John the Revelator"
"I'm Willing to Run All the Way"
"I Don't Want to Be That Man"
"All Is Well"
References
2004 debut albums
Albums produced by T Bone Burnett
Mickey's Mellerdrammer is a 1933 American animated short film produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by United Artists. The title is a corruption of "melodrama", thought to harken back to the earliest minstrel shows, as a film short based on Harriet Beecher Stowe's 1852 anti-slavery novel Uncle Tom's Cabin and stars Mickey Mouse and his friends who stage their own production of the novel. It was the 54th Mickey Mouse short film, and the fourth of that year.
The cartoon shows Mickey Mouse and some of the other characters dressed in blackface with exaggerated lips; bushy, white sidewhiskers made out of cotton; and his usual white gloves.
Plot
In Mickey's Mellerdrammer, Mickey Mouse, Minnie Mouse, Goofy (known then as Dippy Dawg), Horace Horsecollar, and others present their own low budget light-hearted rendition of the 19th century Tom Shows for a crowd in a barn converted into a theater for the occasion.
Horace Horsecollar plays the white slave owner Simon Legree. Minnie plays the young white girl, Eva. Mickey plays old Uncle Tom with cotton around his ears and chin, and the young slave girl Topsy. Clarabelle Cow plays the slave woman Eliza. Goofy plays the production stage hand.
The cartoon opens with Mickey and Clarabelle Cow in their dressing rooms applying blackface makeup for their roles (Mickey originally used a small dynamite to black up his face). The cartoon is much more focused on the Disney characters' efforts to put on the play, than an animated version of Uncle Tom's Cabin. The cartoon contains many images of Mickey and the other characters using makeshift props as sight gags.
The cartoon closes with the characters coming out for a bow, and Horace Horsecollar's character is pelted with rotten tomatoes. When Goofy shows his face from behind the stage, he is hit with a chocolate pie, leaving him in what appears to be blackface, as Goofy laughs making the cartoon to end.
Racial stereotyping
Stereotyped characterizations of black people were then common. Mickey's Mellerdrammer was one of many films and cartoons of its era that referenced Uncle Tom's Cabin, and features Mickey in blackface. Henry Louis Gates Jr., wondered how the cartoon evaded censorship of miscegenation, given that Mickey and Minnie portray Tom and Eva, and are "as they say, an item, and unmistakably so." (Additionally, Mickey is seen cross-dressing in the role of Topsy.)
In the beginning of this short, Clarabelle Cow appears in her dressing room applying lantern soot to her face and leaving an exaggerated area around her lips white. Mickey Mouse then takes a more "comical" approach to applying the makeup: He puts a firecracker in his mouth and lights it, which explodes, causing the ashes to paint his face black while leaving a large area around his lips white.
Reception
Motion Picture Herald reviewed the cartoon on July 1, 1933, saying, "This time Mickey, the inimitable, stages an "Uncle Tom meller", with assorted animated mishaps in the accepted, and approved, Mickey fashion, while the antics of the animated audience contribute not a few of the laughs. It is good cartoon material, and the youngsters, old and young, should enjoy it."
Voice cast
Mickey Mouse: Walt Disney
Minnie Mouse: Marcellite Garner
Horace Horsecollar: Billy Bletcher
Clarabelle Cow: Elvia Allman
Goofy: Pinto Colvig
Home media
The short was released on December 7, 2004 on Walt Disney Treasures: Mickey Mouse in Black and White, Volume Two: 1929-1935.
See also
Mickey Mouse (film series)
Uncle Tom's Cabaña
List of entertainers who performed in blackface
References
External links
1933 films
1933 animated films
American black-and-white films
Films based on works by Harriet Beecher Stowe
Films directed by Wilfred Jackson
Films produced by Walt Disney
Mickey Mouse short films
Uncle Tom's Cabin
1930s Disney animated short films
Films based on American novels
Blackface minstrel shows and films
Film controversies
Disney controversies
African-American-related controversies in film
Race-related controversies in animation
Race-related controversies in film
Ethnic humour
Cross-dressing in American films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Ripley County is a county located at the southeastern corner of the U.S. state of Indiana. According to the 2010 Census, the population was 28,818. The county seat is Versailles.
History
Ripley County was formed on December 27, 1816, in the same legislative act that created Jennings County. It was named for Gen. Eleazer Wheelock Ripley, an officer in the War of 1812, who figured in the Battle of Lundy's Lane and the Siege of Fort Erie during 1814.
Geography
The county seat of Ripley County is Versailles, Indiana. It was selected as the county seat in 1818, and was laid out in 1819.
According to the 2010 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 99.64%) is land and (or 0.37%) is water.
Unincorporated towns
Allen Crossing
Ballstown
Behlmer Corner
Benham
Clinton
Correct
Cross Plains
Cross Roads
Dabney
Delaware
Dewberry
Elrod
Friendship
Haney Corner
Jackson
Jolleyville
Laugheryville
Lookout
Morris
Negangards Corner
New Carrollton
New Marion
Old Milan
Olean
Otter Village
Penntown
Pierceville
Prattsburg
Rexville
Spades
Stringtown
Stumpke Corner
Ghost towns
Saint Magdalen
Adjacent counties
Dearborn County (east)
Decatur County (northwest)
Franklin County (north)
Jefferson County (south)
Jennings County (west)
Ohio County (east–southeast)
Switzerland County (at southeast tip)
Major highways
Interstate 74 – runs east–west across northern tip of county.
US Route 50 – runs east–west across middle of county, through Holton and Versailles.
US Route 421 - enters from Decatur County near northwest tip of Ripley County. Runs SSE to Versailles, then SSW into Jefferson County.
State Road 46 – runs east–west across northern tip of county, paralleling Interstate 74 on its south side.
State Road 48 – runs east–west across upper portion of county, through Napoleon.
State Road 62 – begins at intersection with State Road 129, north of Cross Plains. Runs east through Friendship to Dearborn County.
State Road 101 – begins at intersection with US Route 50 near east county line. Runs north to Penntown.
State Road 129 – begins at intersection with State Road 46 east of Batesville, runs south to Versailles, then SSE through Cross Plains into Switzerland County.
State Road 229 – enters from Franklin County at Batesville, runs SSW to Ballstown then south and west to Napoleon. Runs west to Decatur County.
State Road 350 – begins at intersection with US 421 at Osgood, runs east through Delaware and Pierceville into Dearborn County.
National protected area
Big Oaks National Wildlife Refuge (part)
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in Versailles have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1994 and a record high of was recorded in July 1999. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in May.
Government
The county government is a constitutional body, and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana, and by the Indiana Code.
County Council: The county council is the legislative branch of the county government and controls all the spending and revenue collection in the county. Representatives are elected from county districts, serving four-year terms. They are responsible for setting salaries, the annual budget, and special spending. The council also has limited authority to impose local taxes, in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval, excise taxes, and service taxes.
Board of Commissioners: The Board of Commissioners is the executive body of the county. Commissioners are elected county–wide in staggered four–year terms. One commissioner serves as board president. They are charged with executing the acts legislated by the council, collecting revenue, and managing the day-to-day functions of the county government.
County Officials: The county has several other elected offices, including sheriff, coroner, auditor, treasurer, recorder, surveyor and circuit court clerk. Each of these elected officers serves a term of four years and oversees a different part of county government. Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and to be residents of the county.
State Government: At the State level, Ripley County is divided in its representation. Adams and Laughery Townships are located in the 55th House District which is represented by Rep. Cindy Ziemke. The rest of Ripley County is located in the 67th district represented by Rep. Randy Frye. Adams and Laughery Townships are in the 42nd Senate District represented by State Senator Jean Leising. The rest of Ripley County is in Senate District 43 represented by Senator Chip Perfect.
Federal Government:
Ripley County is part of Indiana's 6th congressional district and is represented in Congress by Republican Greg Pence. Along with the rest of Indiana, its senators are Mike Braun and Todd Young.
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 28,818 people, 10,789 households, and 7,910 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 11,952 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.6% white, 0.5% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 0.2% black or African American, 0.5% from other races, and 0.9% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.5% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 43.4% were German, 14.2% were American, 13.9% were Irish, and 8.7% were English.
Of the 10,789 households, 36.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.1% were married couples living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 26.7% were non-families, and 22.8% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.08. The median age was 39.2 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,697 and the median income for a family was $57,305. Males had a median income of $41,711 versus $31,927 for females. The per capita income for the county was $22,025. About 7.5% of families and 9.8% of the population were below the poverty line, including 14.3% of those under age 18 and 8.6% of those age 65 or over.
See also
List of counties in Indiana
National Register of Historic Places listings in Ripley County, Indiana
- Ripley County website
Ripley County in Indiana portal
References
External links
Ripley County, Indiana collection, Rare Books and Manuscripts, Indiana State Library
Indiana counties
1818 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1818
Captain John Barnes Sparks (31 May 1873 – 29 March 1920) was an English first-class cricketer and Royal Navy officer.
Life
The son of lieutenant colonel John Barnes Sparks of the Bengal Staff Corps, he was born in May 1873 at Morar in British India. Sparks was educated in England at the Britannia Royal Naval College, before entering into the Royal Navy as a sub-lieutenant. He was promoted to the rank of lieutenant in September 1894.
Sparks served in the Mahdist War, commanding the steam gunboat Sheikh. He was mentioned in dispatches for his role in the Nile Expedition of 1898. In June 1900 he was appointed in command of the tender HMS Columbine, serving on the North America and West Indies Station. The ship visited Bermuda, Saint Lucia and Trinidad in late 1902. He was promoted to the rank of commander in December 1905.
Sparks served in the First World War, during which he was promoted to the rank of captain in December 1914. He was made a CBE in the 1919 New Year Honours for services rendered during the war and was mentioned in dispatches in April 1919. He was invalidated from active service due to esophageal cancer, succumbing to the disease in March 1920. He is buried in Brompton Cemetery, London.
Cricket
Sparks made a single appearance in first-class cricket, captaining the Royal Navy against the British Army cricket team at Lord's in 1913. Batting twice in the match, he was dismissed for 13 runs in the navy first-innings by Francis Wyatt, while in their second-innings he was dismissed for 4 runs by Harold Fawcus. He also acted as wicket-keeper.
Family
Sparks married in 1902 Dorothy Talbot Nicholson, daughter of John Nicholson of Saint John, New Brunswick; she died in 1909. At the time of the marriage he was serving on HMS Columbine.
References
External links
1873 births
1920 deaths
Military personnel of British India
People from Gwalior
Graduates of Britannia Royal Naval College
Royal Navy officers
Royal Navy personnel of the Mahdist War
English cricketers
Royal Navy cricketers
Royal Navy personnel of World War I
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Deaths from esophageal cancer
Deaths from cancer in England
Bang Khun Kong (, ) is one of the nine subdistricts (tambon) of Bang Kruai District, in Nonthaburi Province, Thailand. The subdistrict is bounded by (clockwise from north) Bang Krang, Bang Khanun, Maha Sawat and Bang Khu Wiang subdistricts. In 2020 it had a total population of 11,171 people.
Administration
Central administration
The subdistrict is subdivided into 6 administrative villages (muban).
Local administration
The whole area of the subdistrict is covered by Bang Khun Kong Subdistrict Administrative Organization ().
References
External links
Website of Bang Khun Kong Subdistrict Administrative Organization
Tambon of Nonthaburi province
Populated places in Nonthaburi province
John Martyn (died 1473), also known as John Marten, was a Master of University College, Oxford, England.
Martyn was a Fellow at University College from 1427. As the Senior Fellow of the College, he became Master in 1441, a post he held until his death in 1473. This was a long time (32 years), especially for the period. It is probably the longest period at any Oxford college before 1500. During his time as Master, University College attained its first quadrangle or "quad".
References
Year of birth missing
1473 deaths
15th-century English people
15th-century scholars
Fellows of University College, Oxford
Masters of University College, Oxford
The Ministry of Works (), abbreviated KKR, is a ministry of the Government of Malaysia that is responsible for public works, highway authority, construction industry, engineers, architects and quantity surveyors.
Organisation
Minister of Works
Deputy Minister of Works
Secretary-General
Under the Authority of Secretary-General
Legal Advisor's Office
Internal Audit Unit
Integrity Unit
Corporate Communication Unit
Deputy Secretary-General (Policy and Development)
Highway Planning Division
Policy and International Division
Development and Privatization Division
Facilities Management Division
Deputy Secretary-General (Management)
Human Resources Management Division
Management Services Division
Account Division
Finance Division
Corporate Planning Division
Information Management Division
Federal department
Malaysian Public Works Department, or Jabatan Kerja Raya Malaysia (JKR). (Official site)
Federal agencies
Malaysian Highway Authority, or Lembaga Lebuhraya Malaysia (LLM). (Official site)
Construction Industry Development Board Malaysia (CIDB), or Lembaga Pembangunan Industri Pembinaan Malaysia. (Official site)
Board of Engineers Malaysia (BEM), or Lembaga Jurutera Malaysia. (Official site)
Board of Architects Malaysia, or Lembaga Arkitek Malaysia (LAM). (Official site)
Board of Quantity Surveyors Malaysia (BQSM), or Lembaga Juruukur Bahan Malaysia. (Official site)
Key legislation
The Ministry of Works is responsible for administration of several key acts of parliament.
History
In 1954, the British government took several measures to separate the administration of the Malay Peninsula (Malaya) from its main administration centralised in Singapore. This marked the beginning point where the local government departments in the Malay Peninsula were permitted to implement their own policies and programs respectively. In 1956, the chief minister and several ministers were appointed to lead the Federation of Malay Peninsula.
In the same year, several ministries were formed including the Ministry of Works, which then was originally named the Ministry of Works, Post and Telecom. Sardon bin Haji Jubir was the first minister to lead this ministry. The functions and responsibilities of the Public Works Department were retained and put under the purview of the ministry's administration. In 1957, the ministry was reorganized and renamed as the Ministry of Works and Transportation.
The rapid progress made in the country's development and socioeconomic condition during the 1970s resulted in the increase of the ministry's functions and roles. With the addition of the new roles, the Ministry was renamed once more as the Ministry of Works and Public Amenities in 1978. However, in line with the specialisation of responsibilities, the government decided to rename the ministry as the Ministry of Works Malaysia in the 1980s; the name has remained unchanged as of early 2014.
See also
Minister of Works (Malaysia)
References
External links
Ministry of Works
Federal ministries, departments and agencies of Malaysia
Malaysia
Construction in Malaysia
Infrastructure in Malaysia
Bambang Hidayat is an Indonesian scientist known for promoting astronomy nationally and internationally. His work has focused on the study of binary stars and galactic structure. The minor star Hidayat (3468 T-3), discovered in 1977, was named after him by Cornelis Johannes van Houten and Ingrid van Houten-Groeneveld. He has over forty papers published to his name and has written several astronomy textbooks.
He graduated from Case Western Reserve University in 1965. Soon thereafter, he served as the director of the Bosscha Observatory from 1968 until 1999. He also served as the Chairman of the Department of Astronomy at the Bandung Institute of Technology as well as Vice President of the International Astronomical Union from 1994 to 2000, and has been a fellow of the Islamic World Academy of Sciences (IAS) since 1992 He is also a member of the American Astronomical Society, Royal Astronomical Society, and Indonesian Academy of Sciences, as well as the founder of the Indonesian Astronomical Society and co-founder of the Indonesian Physics Society.
Hidayat helped to establish the first International School for Young Astronomers in Indonesia. When first visited by Donat Wentzel, himself a pioneer in establishing ISYAs, Hidayat was alone in his observatory; later, Wentzel found that Hidayat had trained a group of astronomy students to work around him as well as spurred others to work in astronomy and Indonesia's space program elsewhere.
See also
Meanings of minor planet names: 12001–13000#101
References
External links
Oral history interview transcript for Bambang Hidayat on 23 August 1997, American Institute of Physics, Niels Bohr Library and Archives
1934 births
Living people
Indonesian Muslims
Bandung Institute of Technology faculty
Case Western Reserve University alumni
Indonesian astronomers
The Housatonic Museum of Art is a museum at Housatonic Community College in Bridgeport, Connecticut. The museum's collection is displayed throughout the college campus and in the Burt Chernow Galleries, which also hosts visiting exhibitions.
Collection
The museum's holdings are composed of 18th-, 19th- and 20th-century art, as well as ethnographic objects from Africa, Oceania and the Americas.
Selected works
The collection covers non-Western art: The museum's African art includes a terra cotta head from Ghana, a drum figure and a helmet mask from Zaire, a Bambara headdress, helmet mask and wood carvings from Nigeria and carved wood sculpture from Guinea. Also in the collection are wood carvings from New Guinea, and from India a bronze sculpture, a 14th-century stone carving, and a mid-18th-century painting. A Mayan stucco head and Inca storage bottle as well as a marble sculpture representing Kuan Yin from China are also among the holdings.
Works by these artists are in the collection:
Bronze sculptures:
Alexander Archipenko, Egyptian Motif
Leonard Baskin, John Donne
Lee Bontecou: Seated Couple
Doris Caesar, Portrait Study and Wadchen
Charles Despiau, Untitled Head I and Untitled Head II
Aristide Maillol, Seated Nude
Marisol, Tower
Auguste Rodin, Movement of the Dance, Viellard Suppliant and L'eau
Paintings:
Ferdinand Bol, Admiral de Ruyter, 1653
Giorgio de Chirico, Voyage of the Poet
Alex Katz, Incident
Philips Koninck, Portrait of a Man, 1655-1660
Reginald Marsh, The Chorus
Abraham Storch, Seaport
Drawings:
Milton Avery, Sketch Class (flatbrush drawing)
Larry Rivers, Humes
Saul Steinberg, Autobiography (ink drawing)
Other:
Ansel Adams, Wood Stump (photograph)
Marc Chagall, Esther (color lithograph)
Christo, Wrapped Modern Art Book (book, plastic wrapping, string)
Alberto Giacometti, Lust #154 and 155, (lithograph)
Roy Lichtenstein, The Melody Haunts My Reverie (silkscreen in colors)
Isamu Noguchi, Alpii (marble and iron sculpture)
Claes Oldenburg, Study: Soft Red Drainpipe (paint and crayon)
Alfonso Ossorio, Blow in the Face (assemblage of various materials)
Chernow was one of the earliest collectors of work by American abstract painter Stanley Boxer, and the museum has two of his works: Lafayette Night Bloom (oil on canvas; 18.5 x 18.5 inches, 1972) and Beach Figure No. 3 (wood totem, 108 inches high, 14 inches wide, undated).
Other artists represented
The collection also includes minor works by Pablo Picasso, Henri Matisse, Joan Miró, Mary Cassatt, Milton Avery, Andy Warhol, Robert Rauschenberg, Marcus Jansen, Tom Wesselmann, Jim Dine, Jean Dubuffet, Gustav Klimt, Henri Cartier-Bresson, Philip Pearlstein, Victor Vasarely, Alberto Giacometti, and Pierre Renoir.
History
In 1967, the late Burt Chernow, an artist, professor of art and art history, and chairman of the college's art department, founded the museum. From the start, HMA's collection has been made up of gifts from artists, private collectors, commercial galleries and groups such as the student government. During Chernow's career at the college, the museum had amassed 4,000 objects.
In the museum's first 14 years, it had no paid, professional staff, acquisitions budget or the usual professional facilities, relying instead on volunteers and the use of existing space in the college. "Occasional and usually rushed visits to a gallery or museum, or the use of slides or other reproductions, never really equal daily unhurried contacts with works of art, in which students can see true color, sixe and texture in a familiar college setting," Chernow wrote in 1980. Robbin Zella became director in the late 1990s. Since 2000, the museum has hosted traveling exhibits on Rembrandt prints, Ansel Adams photographs and Frank Warren's "PostSecret" postcards.
References
External links
Official website
Museums in Bridgeport, Connecticut
Art museums and galleries in Connecticut
Art museums established in 1967
1967 establishments in Connecticut
University museums in Connecticut
The Diocese of San Isidro is an administrative division of the Roman Catholic Church in Argentina. It was established on 11 February 1957 and covers an area of .
Bishops
Ordinaries
Antonio María Aguirre (1957–1985)
Alcides Jorge Pedro Casaretto (1985–2011)
Óscar Vicente Ojea (since 2011)
Coadjutor bishop
Alcides Jorge Pedro Casaretto (1983–1985)
Auxiliary bishops
Justo Oscar Laguna (1975–1980), appointed Bishop of Morón
Martín Fassi (2014–2020), appointed Bishop of San Martín
Guillermo Eduardo Caride (2018–
Raúl Pizarro, elect (2020–
Other priests of this diocese who became bishops
Carlos María Franzini, appointed Bishop of Rafaela in 2000
Miguel Ángel D'Annibale, appointed Auxiliary Bishop of Río Gallegos in 2011
Jorge Eduardo Scheinig, appointed Auxiliary Bishop of Mercedes-Luján in 2017
Marcelo Fabián Mazzitelli, appointed Auxiliary Bishop of Mendoza in 2017
Jorge Ignacio García Cuerva, appointed Auxiliary Bishop of Lomas de Zamora in 2017
References
San Isidro
San Isidro
San Isidro
San Isidro
Juliana Spahr (born 1966) is an American poet, critic, and editor. She is the recipient of the 2009 Hardison Poetry Prize awarded by the Folger Shakespeare Library to honor a U.S. poet whose art and teaching demonstrate great imagination and daring.
Both Spahr's critical and scholarly studies, i.e., Everybody's Autonomy: Connective Reading and Collective Identity (2001), and her poetry have shown Spahr's commitment to fostering a "value of reading" as a communal, democratic, open process. Her work therefore "distinguishes itself because she writes poems for which her critical work calls."
In addition to teaching and writing poetry, Spahr is also an active editor. Spahr received the National Poetry Series Award for her first collection of poetry, Response (1996).
Life
Born and raised in Chillicothe, Ohio, Spahr received her BA from Bard College and her PhD from the University at Buffalo, The State University of New York in English. She has taught at Siena College (1996–7), the University of Hawaii at Manoa (1997–2003), and Mills College (2003–). With Jena Osman, she edited the arts journal Chain from 1993 to 2003. In 2012, Spahr co-edited A Megaphone: Some Enactments, Some Numbers, and Some Essays about the Continued Usefulness of Crotchless-pants-and-a-machine-gun Feminism with Mills colleague and fellow-poet Stephanie Young.
Activism
Spahr's participation in the 2011 Occupy Movement is chronicled in her 2015 book That Winter The Wolf Came. According to Spahr, she spent time in the encampments and participated in protests, although she and her son "never spent the night." Her work examines social issues, including the repercussions of the BP oil spill, the global impact of 9/11, capitalism, and climate change. She uses poetry as a mechanism to provide cultural recognition and representation to social movements and political actions.
Following the Occupy Movement, the police shootings of Oscar Grant, Eric Garner, and Mike Brown, and the 2009 California college tuition hike protests, Spahr founded the publishing project Commune Editions, along with Jasper Bernes and Joshua Clover. The project was founded with the intention to publish poetry as a companion to political action.
Bibliography
Poetry
Nuclear (Leave Books, 1994) – full text
Response (Sun & Moon Press, 1996) – full text
Spiderwasp or Literary Criticism (Explosive Books, 1998)
Fuck You-Aloha-I Love You (Wesleyan University Press, 2001)
Things of Each Possible Relation Hashing Against One Another (Newfield, NY: Palm Press, 2003)
This Connection of Everyone With Lungs (University of California Press, 2005)
Well Then There Now (Black Sparrow Press, 2011)
That Winter The Wolf Came (Commune Editions, 2015)
Fiction
An Army of Lovers with David Buuck,
The Transformation (Berkeley, CA: Atelos Press, 2007)
Criticism
Everybody's Autonomy: Connective Reading and Collective Identity (University of Alabama Press, 2001)
Du Bois's Telegram: Literary Resistance and State Containment (Harvard University Press, 2018)
Editor
Writing from the New Coast: Technique (essay collection) Co-editor with Peter Gizzi. (Stockbridge: O-blek Editions, 1993)
A Poetics of Criticism (essay collection) Co-editor with Mark Wallace, Kristin Prevallet, and Pam Rehm. (Buffalo: Leave Books, 1993)
Chain [co-edited with Jena Osman ], since 1994 full text
American Women Poets in the 21st Century: Where Lyric Meets Language [co-edited with Claudia Rankine ], (Wesleyan University Press, 2002)
Poetry and Pedagogy: the Challenge of the Contemporary [co-edited with Joan Retallack ], (Palgrave, 2006)
A Megaphone: Some Enactments, Some Numbers, and Some Essays about the Continued Usefulness of Crotchless-pants-and-a-machine-gun Feminism [co-edited with Stephanie Young], (ChainLinks, 2011)
References
Living people
Bard College alumni
1966 births
People from Chillicothe, Ohio
University at Buffalo alumni
American women poets
Poets from Ohio
20th-century American poets
21st-century American poets
20th-century American women writers
21st-century American women writers
Siena College faculty
University of Hawaiʻi faculty
Mills College faculty
American women academics
Kamień-Kolonia () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Chełm County
A statue of Henry Campbell-Bannerman by Paul Raphael Montford stands in Stirling, Scotland. Erected in 1913, it depicts Henry Campbell-Bannerman, the former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom and Liberal Member of Parliament for Stirling Burghs. It is located on Corn Exchange Road and is close to Stirling railway station. Historic Environment Scotland notes the statue as a listed building.
See also
List of listed buildings in Stirling, Stirling
References
External links
Statue of Henry Campbell-Bannerman
Statue of Henry Campbell-Bannerman
Listed monuments and memorials in Scotland
Outdoor sculptures in Scotland
Paul Raphael Montford
Statues in Scotland
Statues of prime ministers of the United Kingdom
Statue of Henry Campbell-Bannerman
The 1980 Copa del Rey Final was the 78th final of the King's Cup, Spain's premier football competition. The final was played at Santiago Bernabéu Stadium in Madrid, on 4 June 1980, and was won by Real Madrid, who beat their own reserve team Castilla 6–1.
Match
Summary
According to Euan McTear of These Football Times "Castilla were a shadow of the vibrant side that had thrilled the Spanish capital and the country throughout the previous few months".
With goals from Juanito and Santillana, Castilla fell to a 2–0 deficit by half-time. After 45 minutes of play, Andrés Sabido and Vicente del Bosque added a third and a fourth either side of the hour mark to create an insurmountable gap between the two sides.
Castilla's Ricardo Álvarez managed to narrow the deficit with ten minutes remaining. According to McTear this gesture just provoked the senior side, who had been winding the clock down for the last minutes. Seconds after Castilla scored, substitute Francisco García Hernández made it 5–1 before a last minute Juanito penalty sealed off a 6–1 triumph. After the final whistle both teams celebrated with the trophy.
Details
References
1980
1979–80 in Spanish football
Real Madrid CF matches
Real Madrid Castilla
The 2019-20 Boston University Terriers Men's ice hockey season was the 92nd season of play for the program and the 36th season in the Hockey East conference. The Terriers represented Boston University and were coached by Albie O'Connell, in his 2nd season.
The Hockey East tournament as well as the NCAA Tournament were cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic before any games were played.
Roster
As of December 7, 2019.
|}
Standings
Schedule and Results
|-
!colspan=12 style=";" | Regular Season
|-
!colspan=12 style=";" |
|-
!colspan=12 style=";" |
|- align="center" bgcolor="#e0e0e0"
|colspan=12|Tournament Cancelled
Scoring Statistics
Goaltending statistics
Rankings
Players drafted into the NHL
2020 NHL Entry Draft
† incoming freshman
References
2019-20
Boston University Terriers
Boston University Terriers
2019 in sports in Massachusetts
2020 in sports in Massachusetts
The Thomas A. Scott Fellowship in Hygiene was a competitive academic grant made at the University of Pennsylvania for the study of scientific hygiene and sanitary science, the precursors of the modern science of pathology. It was established in 1892 in the name of late railroad executive and financier Thomas Alexander Scott by his widow.
Recipients
Mazÿck Porcher Ravenel, 1893
Fellowship vacant 1899
John Jeremiah Wenner, 1915
See also
Thomas A. Scott Professorship of Mathematics
References
Pathology
Awards established in 1892
University of Pennsylvania
Scholarships in the United States
Werejce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Wierzbica, north-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Paul Delano Butler (born January 15, 1961) is an American lawyer, former prosecutor, and current law professor of Georgetown University Law Center. He is a leading criminal law scholar, particularly in the area of race and jury nullification.
Early life and education
Paul Butler was born in Chicago, Illinois, where he attended St. Ignatius College Preparatory School. He received his B.A. degree cum laude from Yale University and his J.D. degree from Harvard Law School.
Legal career
Butler clerked for the Honorable Mary Johnson Lowe of the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. He then joined the law firm of Williams & Connolly in Washington, D.C., where he specialized in white collar criminal defense and civil litigation.
Following his time in private practice, Butler served as a federal prosecutor with the U.S. Department of Justice, where his specialty was public corruption. While at the Department of Justice, Butler also served as a special assistant U.S. attorney, prosecuting drug and gun cases.
Academic career
Butler is currently the Albert Brick Professor in Law at the Georgetown University Law Center, where he teaches criminal law, criminal procedure, race relations law, and critical theory.
His scholarship has been published in the Yale Law Journal, Harvard Law Review, Stanford Law Review, and UCLA Law Review. He has authored chapters in several books, written a column for the Legal Times, and published numerous op-ed articles, including in the Los Angeles Times, The Washington Post, and The Dallas Morning News. He lectures regularly for the ABA and the NAACP, and at colleges, law schools, and community organizations throughout the U.S. Butler was a regular contributor at BlackProf.com until its demise in 2009.
He was awarded the Distinguished Faculty Service Award three times by the Georgetown Law graduating class and has been a visiting professor at the University of Pennsylvania Law School. In 2003, he was elected to the American Law Institute. In 2009, his first book, Let's Get Free: A Hip-Hop Theory of Justice, was published by The New Press.
Publications
Books
Let's Get Free: A Hip-Hop Theory of Justice (The New Press, 2010)
Chokehold: Policing Black Men (The New Press, 2017)
References
External links
Profile page at Georgetown University Law Center
American bloggers
American legal scholars
American legal writers
Harvard Law School alumni
Living people
George Washington University Law School faculty
1961 births
Jury nullification
MSNBC people
21st-century American non-fiction writers
University of Pennsylvania Law School faculty
Georgetown University Law Center faculty
Mesodon thyroidus is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae.
Parasites
Parasites of Mesodon thyroidus include:
The nematode Parelaphostrongylus tenuis
References
External links
Mesodon thyroidus on the UF / IFAS Featured Creatures Web site
Polygyridae
Gastropods described in 1816
Leslie Samuel Phillips (born 20 April 1924) is an English retired actor, voice artist and author. He achieved prominence in the 1950s, often playing smooth, upper-class comic roles utilising his "Ding Dong" and "He-llo" catchphrases. He appeared in the Carry On and Doctor in the House film series as well as the long-running BBC radio comedy series The Navy Lark. In his later career, Phillips took on dramatic parts including providing the voice for the Sorting Hat in the Harry Potter films and a BAFTA-nominated role alongside Peter O'Toole in Venus (2006).
Early life
Phillips was born on 20 April 1924 in Tottenham, London, England, the son of Cecelia Margaret (née Newlove) and Frederick Samuel Phillips, who worked at Glover and Main, manufacturers of cookers in Edmonton; the "filthy, sulphurous" air of the factory gave Frederick a weak heart and oedema, leading to his death at the age of 44. In 1931, the family moved to Chingford, Essex, where Phillips attended Larkswood Primary School. Consequently, Phillips has described himself as both a cockney and an Essex boy.
At his mother's arrangement, the 10-year-old Phillips was sent to the Italia Conti Academy where he attended drama, dance and notably elocution to lose his cockney accent. At that time a strong regional accent was a major impediment to an aspiring actor. It proved to be an astute move and was a major factor in his subsequent success.
Career
Early work
Phillips made his stage debut at the age of 10 in Peter Pan alongside Anna Neagle at the London Palladium.
Phillips made his first film appearances as a child in the 1930s. He is the last surviving actor who performed at Pinewood Studios in its first week of opening in 1936. He also worked for Binkie Beaumont and H. M. Tennent in several plays in the West End. During the Second World War shows were frequently interrupted by air-raid sirens and Phillips recalls in his autobiography that "audiences would evaporate and head for cellars or Underground stations".
Called up to the British Army in 1942, Phillips rose to the rank of lance-bombardier in the Royal Artillery. Due to his acquired upper class accent, Phillips was selected for officer training at Catterick and duly commissioned as a second lieutenant in the Royal Artillery in 1943. In his autobiography, he would recall that his anti-aircraft battery destroyed numerous German V1 flying bombs launched against the UK during the period. He was transferred to the Durham Light Infantry in 1944 but was later declared unfit for service just before D-Day after being diagnosed with a neurological condition that caused partial paralysis. He was initially sent to a psychiatric hospital in error but was then sent to the correct facility for treatment.
Demobbed as a lieutenant in December 1944, Phillips' acting career initially took in "the murkiest rat-infested old playhouses and music halls in the north of England". It was during the 1950s that he became known for playing amusing English stereotypes. His first lead role in a television serial was in the sitcom My Wife Jacqueline (1952). His seductive voice is his trademark as well as his catchphrases, "I say, Ding Dong" (originally the catchphrase of Phillips's character Jack Bell in Carry On Nurse), and "He-llo" with a suggestive intonation, which were partly, if not wholly, based on those of fellow actor Terry-Thomas who was also known for playing cads.
His big break in the films was in the Gene Kelly musical Les Girls (1957). Although the film was a critical success, he decided against a move to Hollywood, in part as he considered himself primarily a theatre actor and didn't want to become "the poor man's David Niven". Soon after he appeared in three of the early Carry On films; Carry On Nurse, Carry On Teacher (both 1959) and Carry On Constable (1960), which cemented his reputation for playing upper class fools and lecherous smoothies. After Constable, he told producer Peter Rogers that he did not wish to do any more Carry Ons, though he did return much later for Carry On Columbus (1992). In the 1960s, he took over from Dirk Bogarde in several of the Doctor film comedies.
In 1959, Phillips played in Italy the role of an English journalist on a business trip to the Kingdom of Naples in the comedy film Ferdinando I °, Re di Napoli (Ferdinand the 1st, King of Naples) starring the brothers Eduardo, Peppino and Titina De Filippo, leading Neapolitan figures of Italian theatre. The cast also featured other prominent Italian comedy actors such as Aldo Fabrizi, Vittorio De Sica, Renato Rascel as well as a young Marcello Mastroianni.
Between 1959 and 1977, Phillips became familiar on radio, as Sub-Lieutenant Phillips in the comedy The Navy Lark alongside Jon Pertwee and Ronnie Barker. He also appeared in the film version of The Navy Lark (1959), the only cast member of the radio series to do so.
Later work
After his marriage to Angela Scoular in 1982, Phillips decided to move away from playing the kind of lecherous twits with suave chat-up lines which had characterised much of his previous work. He remained busy in both stage and television productions, along with character roles in films such as Steven Spielberg's Empire of the Sun (1987), Scandal (1989) and Lara Croft: Tomb Raider (2001). Phillips also provided the voice for the Sorting Hat in the Harry Potter films, appearing in Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (2001), Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (2002) and the final film, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2 (2011). He also appeared in British television sitcoms including Honey for Tea with Felicity Kendal and appeared in guest roles in popular series such as The Bill, Holby City and Midsomer Murders. In 2006, Phillips plays veteran actor Ian alongside Peter O'Toole in Hanif Kureishi's film Venus. For this role, he was nominated for a BAFTA for Best Supporting Actor in 2007. Phillips' autobiography, Hello (), was published by Orion in 2006.
He was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 1998 Birthday Honours and was promoted to Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2008 New Year Honours.
Phillips, in conjunction with Jules Williams and Back Door Productions, co-produced the Sky Arts series Living The Life which ran for three series.
In 2012, in conjunction with Amazing Journeys Publishing, Phillips voiced the audiobook Chequered Justice by former racing driver John Bartlett ().
Personal life
Phillips married his first wife, actress Penelope Bartley (1925–1981), on 30 May 1948. The couple had four children.
In 1962, Phillips began a romantic relationship with actress Caroline Mortimer, daughter of writer Penelope Mortimer and stepdaughter of John Mortimer, who was an understudy in a stage play in which Phillips starred. Phillips and Bartley separated at that point and were divorced in 1965.
After his relationship with Mortimer ended, Phillips embarked on a relationship with Australian actress Vicki Luke, with whom he lived for approximately three years.
He moved in with actress Angela Scoular in 1977, at which time she was pregnant by another actor. He raised her son as his own.
While on tour in Australia in 1981 he was notified that Bartley had died in a fire. Phillips elected to continue in the production and not attend her funeral. He has acknowledged that his family has never forgiven him for this decision.
Following the death of his first wife in 1981, he married Scoular in 1982. They remained together until her death on 11 April 2011. Scoular was suffering from bowel cancer and bipolar disorder. Phillips was too ill to attend the inquest into Scoular's death three months later. The coroner recorded that Scoular had "killed herself while the balance of her mind was disturbed", and stated that her death was not suicide.
On 20 December 2013, at the age of 89, Phillips married Zara Carr (born 1963), his third wife.
He is a supporter of Tottenham Hotspur F.C., and made an appearance as part of the half-time entertainment during the team's home match against Swansea City A.F.C. on 1 April 2012.
He received the Freedom of the City of London on 16 November 2010.
Filmography
Film
Television
Radio
The Navy Lark (1959–1977)
Three Men in a Boat (1962)
The TV Lark (1963)
Oh, Get on with It! (with Kenneth Williams)
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy as Hactar
Cousin Bette, The Poor Relation, BBC Radio 4 Classic Serial (9 – 23 April 2000)
Drop Me Here...Darling
The Skivers
The House of Unspeakable Secrets (1967)
The Scarifyers: The Secret Weapon of Doom
Doctor Who: Medicinal Purposes (2004) as Dr Knox
Tomorrow, Today! (2006) as Sir Monty Havaland
Doctor Who: Assassin in the Limelight (2008) as Dr Knox
Mrs Bradley: Speedy Death (2008)
Beauty Of Britain (2009) as Mr. Easterby
Other
Voice of Gex in the European release of Gex: Enter the Gecko
Voice of cat in Iams advertising
Voice of the captain of the Virgin Atlantic safety video. 1996–2004
References
External links
Interview at Britmovie.co.uk
Interview at Den Of Geek
1924 births
Living people
People from Tottenham
Alumni of the Italia Conti Academy of Theatre Arts
British Army personnel of World War II
British male comedy actors
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Durham Light Infantry officers
English male film actors
English male radio actors
English male stage actors
English male television actors
English male video game actors
English male voice actors
English writers
Male actors from London
Royal Artillery officers
20th-century English male actors
21st-century English male actors
Qui arrêtera Cyanure?, written by Tome and drawn by Janry, is the thirty-fifth album of the Spirou et Fantasio series, and the third of the authors. The story was initially serialised in Spirou magazine, before released as a hardcover album in 1985. The book cover was based on the poster of the James Bond movie For Your Eyes Only.
Story
Swindled by a shopkeeper, Fantasio finds himself in the possession of a strange automaton able to take photographs. Apparently intelligent, the machine quickly escapes from its new owner. Spirou and Fantasio follow it to Champignac, where the automaton stops in an old unused railway station. There, they discover a bound and gagged young woman, whom they untie. She appears hostile and flees after destroying the station's interior. The owner of the place, Caténaire, a former station master, discovers the chaos when he returns and explains everything: the robot that Fantasio bought, Télesphore, was his first invention, while the woman which they freed is a more advanced android, Cyanure, evil and endowed with powers to control electrical machines.
Cyanure tries to invade the village with an army of robots built in the nearby factory Roboc Inc.. Spirou and Fantasio mobilise a resistance, made up of the children of Champignac, and together they defeat the android and her army.
References
Tome publications in Spirou and Janry publications in Spirou BDoubliées
External links
Official site Spirou albums
Spirou et Fantasio albums
Works originally published in Spirou (magazine)
Literature first published in serial form
1985 in comics
1985 books
Gladys Le Mare, née Keay (1912 – 1967) graduated with first class honours in zoology from St Hugh's College Oxford. She taught in South Africa until 1939 when she left for Singapore to marry Deryck Watts Le Mare (1912-1967), then Asst Director of Fisheries, Straits Settlements.
In 1940, Le Mare became one of the founders Malaysian Nature Society and the founding editor of the Malayan Nature Journal.
Selected publications
"Research on the seasonal occurrence of harvest mites (Trombicula autumnalis) on voles and mice near Oxford", in: Parasitology, 28, 110-114, 1936
"The ecology of the harvest mite in the British Isles", in: Journal of Animal Ecology, 6, 23-35, 1937.
References
1912 births
1967 deaths
British science writers
Malaysian non-fiction writers
Malaysian biologists
English women writers
Malaysian women writers
Women science writers
Women zoologists
Alumni of St Hugh's College, Oxford
Straits Settlements people
20th-century British zoologists
20th-century Malaysian people
20th-century British non-fiction writers
20th-century British women scientists
20th-century English women writers
Women magazine editors
British expatriates in South Africa
British emigrants to Malaysia
John Edward Burke (8 January 1871 – 9 October 1947) was a shipowner in Queensland, Australia.
History
Burke was born in Brisbane, a son of Captain John Burke (1842 – 3 June 1919)
He was partnered with his father in the shipping firm of J. Burke & Son from around 1902 to around 1910, when the company started using the name "J. E. Burke and Son", then "J. E. Burke Ltd" from around November 1923, when they opened their new wharf at Beenleigh.
He was mayor of South Brisbane in 1912
His company, J. E. Burke, Ltd, owned numerous small ships serving towns on the Gulf of Carpentaria and Cape York Peninsula from Brisbane to Burketown (named for the possibly unrelated Robert O'Hara Burke). Their ships (owned or chartered) include:
SS Porpoise, Captain Peter Burke, was used by the government in 1911 to search for the missing SS Yongala.
SS Douglas Mawson, believed lost in storm c. 28 March 1923.
Family
On 17 April 1895 Burke married Bridget O'Keefe (c. 1874 – 11 June 1934). She was born in Sachel, Tipperary, Ireland and arrived in Australia age 19 (so c. 1893). They had three children:
John Augustine Burke (1896–1972) of Brisbane was manager of the firm in 1938.
E. A. Burke of Brisbane
a daughter married H. Stewart, lived in Sydney.
They had a home on Shafston Avenue, East Brisbane.
References
1871 births
1947 deaths
Australian shipowners
Mayors of places in Queensland
John Brooks (June 13, 1785 – February 19, 1869) was the ninth mayor of Columbus, Ohio. He was the first mayor elected by popular vote in the City of Columbus on April 14, 1834. He was elected to a two-year term, but only served for one year. He resigned from office on April 21, 1835. John Bailhache was appointed by city council to complete the unexpired term of Brooks's tenure.
References
Bibliography
Further reading
External links
John Brooks at Political Graveyard
1785 births
1869 deaths
Burials at Green Lawn Cemetery (Columbus, Ohio)
Mayors of Columbus, Ohio
19th-century American politicians
People from Lincolnville, Maine
Maritsa Municipality (obshtina) is located in the Plovdiv Province, southern Bulgaria on the northern bank of the Maritsa River. It has 30,676 inhabitants and consists only of villages. The municipality has thriving industry with around €400 000 000 invested in the recent years. Its administrative center is Plovdiv but the city is not part of the municipality.
Religion
According to the latest Bulgarian census of 2011, the religious composition, among those who answered the optional question on religious identification, was the following:
Villages in the Maritsa municipality
Benkovski
Dink
Graf Ignatievo
Kalekovets
Kostievo
Krislovo
Manole
Manolsko Konare
Radinovo
Rogosh
Skutare
Stroevo
Trilistnik
Trud
Tsaratsovo
Voivodinovo
Voisil
Yasno Pole
Zhelyazno
Footnotes
Neo XYX is a 2013 single-player vertically scrolling shooter video game originally developed and published by German indie NG:Dev.Team for the Neo Geo MVS. It is the third shoot 'em up title from NG:Dev.Team and their fifth game overall. Controlling a space fighter craft, the player must fight endless waves of enemies while avoiding collision with their projectiles and other obstacles.
Developed in conjunction with Redux: Dark Matters and The Ghost Blade, Neo XYX originated as a GameMaker prototype inspired by Toaplan shoot 'em ups titled XYX that was distributed for PC in 2012 by designer Perry "Gryzor/Rozyrg" Sessions, who had previously helped with development of Gunlord before NG:Dev.Team became involved after the project caught their interest and worked alongside Sessions, suggesting him to refine aspects of his project into a Neo Geo game. The title was later ported to Dreamcast and Neo Geo AES, each one featuring minimal changes and additions compared to the original version.
Neo XYX was met with positive reception from critics; Reviewers drew comparison with Toaplan and Cave shooters, praising its fast-paced action, hand-drawn visuals, soundtrack, gameplay and difficulty but others criticized the lack of innovation compared to other games in the same genre and lack of two-player mode, as well as the lack of additional options on the Dreamcast version, among other aspects. A follow-up, titled Super XYX, was developed by Team Grybanser Fox and released in 2020 for PC on Steam.
Gameplay
Neo XYX is a science fiction-themed vertically scrolling shoot 'em up game reminiscent of Toaplan and Cave shooters such as Batsugun and DoDonPachi respectively, in which the player take control of a space fighter craft through six increasingly difficult stages in order to defeat an assortment of enemy forces and bosses. Before starting a game in the Neo Geo version, the player have the option to change the display and control settings between vertical (TATE) and horizontal (YOKO), while two additional display settings are introduced in the Dreamcast version. Its gameplay uses a main three-button configuration.
During gameplay, power-up items are drop randomly from enemies and certain setpieces, along with medals to build up a chain. Every time the player collects a medal, the next one that spawns will be worth more but if a medal falls off the screen, the next one to spawn will be of the lowest value and breaking the chain; however, the player can activate a bomb to fling falling medals from reaching the bottom of the screen. The player has only two weapons at their disposal: the main gun that travels a max distance of the screen's height and a bomb capable of obliterating any enemy caught within its blast radius, while more bombs are obtained by collecting six fragments through levels or a full bomb stock. The player can also slow down the ship's movement to avoid incoming bullets more precisely by pressing the C or R button in the Neo Geo and Dreamcast versions respectively. If both fire and slowdown buttons are held down, the ship produces a focused vertical shot, providing more firepower than the standard shot. Getting hit by enemy fire will result in losing a life, as well as a penalty of decreasing the ship's firepower and once all lives are lost, the game is over unless the player inserts more credits into the arcade machine to continue playing but in the Dreamcast version, the player are forced to restart from the beginning after losing all available continues.
Development
Neo XYX was developed in conjunction with Redux: Dark Matters and The Ghost Blade using a Neo Geo development kit, serving as the third shoot 'em up title from NG:Dev.Team and their fifth game overall. Timm Hellwig helmed its production, serving as both producer and director, as well as its sole programmer. Designer Perry "Gryzor/Rozyrg" Sessions, who had previously helped with development of Gunlord at NG:Dev.Team with René Hellwig, acted as art director and graphic artist. Rafael Dyll and a member under the pseudonym "Raigon" co-composed the soundtrack. Two other members, "Plasmo" and "Runefaust", collaborated in its development phase as beta testers. Both Sessions and Dyll recounted the project's development process and history through various publications.
Neo XYX originated as a GameMaker prototype for PC titled XYX created by Perry Sessions before NG:Dev.Team became involved after the project caught their attention and started working together in early 2013, suggesting Sessions to refine various aspects of his work into a Neo Geo game. Sessions stated that his main influences were Toaplan shoot 'em ups such as Twin Cobra, Truxton and Fire Shark, as well as other games in the genre like Super Star Soldier, Gate of Thunder, Soldier Blade, and Lords of Thunder, all of which he regards as his favorites. He was also inspired by other titles such as those by Llamasoft. However, Sessions also stated that work on the project took longer than expected and proved difficult, as creating level artwork was a "weak spot" for him but regards it as some of his best for any project he worked on.
When asked about the differences between the game and the original XYX, Sessions stated that they came from him and NG:Dev.Team working separately, as he did not have any means to playtest the project on his part while Timm had a "final say on everything"; Timm did not like the mixture of science fiction and fantasy elements, requesting to change elements such as dragons that later became cyborgs, while the team also lowered the planned number of playable ships. Sessions also claimed he had no saying over difficulty balancing issues, as the original XYX was used as a basis for most enemies. When composing the soundtrack for Neo XYX, Rafael Dyll stated that NG:Dev.Team wanted him produce music that were short and looped without noticeable breaks, creating something fresh but based on retro sounds, using instruments akin to arcade games from late 1980s or 16-bit consoles such as Sega Mega Drive, with Dyll stating that he was given several suggestions and "took it from there."
Release
Neo XYX was first announced in late 2012 for Neo Geo as a limited run and Dreamcast but prior to the announcement, a demo of the original XYX containing an unfinished level editor for Windows was made available as freeware at Sessions' personal website earlier on April of the same year. The game was first slated for a April 2013 launch on Neo Geo and a June 2013 launch on Dreamcast, but was quietly delayed until it was published on October 28 of the same year for Neo Geo MVS. Around the same time period, a music album was released by NG:Dev.Team and a digital album was later distributed by Rafael Dyll through Bandcamp in October 2014. In July 2014, a Neo Geo AES version was also released by NG:Dev.Team.
The Dreamcast version of Neo XYX was then slated for a holiday 2013 launch but remained in development due to internal issues until it went gold in January 2014. The Dreamcast version was published on February 17, 2014, in a Japanese-style DVD packaging as three editions; a regular edition, a deluxe edition limited to 1000 copies featuring an alternate cover art and a soundtrack enclosed with the game, as well as a collector edition limited to 300 units containing both releases. This version has no regional protection but only works using Dreamcast units built prior to October 2001. On March 10, 2014, a second run of the regular edition for Dreamcast was made available on the official page of NG:Dev.Team.
Reception and legacy
Neo XYX was met with positive reception from critics. According to Hardcore Gamers, all editions of the first Dreamcast release were sold out as of February 2014. Maximiliano Baldo of Argentinian website Malditos Nerds ranked the game as number eight on their top ten of games released for discontinued consoles. Destructoids Chris Carter praised its complexity, boss fights, game modes, hand-drawn artwork and soundtrack by Rafael Dyll. Jeuxvideo.coms Dominique Cavallo commended the fast-paced action, learning curve, display options and graphical effects but criticized its lack of innovation, short length and omission of a multiplayer mode.
Heiko Poppen of German website neXGam commented in a positive light about the scoring system, varied and colorful graphical design of levels and bosses, Dyll's music and learning curve but criticized the Dreamcast version for being sparse with option settings, lack of two-player mode and other aspects. David Borrachero of Spanish magazine RetroManiac compared the game with shooters such as Truxton and Raiden, praising the Japanese-style aesthetic, performance, sound design, gameplay and controls but noted that its high difficulty level was not recommended for newcomers, the lack of a two-player mode and technical bugs. Retro Gamers Darran Jones stated that the title captured the feel of Toaplan shoot 'em ups like Truxton, commending its colorful presentation, boss fights, scoring mechanic and intense gameplay but criticized certain technical issues present in the Dreamcast port.
A year after the launch of Neo XYX on the market, Perry Sessions and Jack "Kaiser" Darx began development of a follow-up at Team Grybanser Fox, titled Super XYX, once Sessions made an agreement with NG:Dev.Team. It was released on August 10, 2020, for PC on Steam.
References
External links
2013 video games
Arcade video games
Dreamcast games
Homebrew software
Neo Geo games
NG:Dev.Team games
Science fiction video games
Single-player video games
Shoot 'em ups
Unauthorized video games
Vertically scrolling shooters
Video games developed in Germany
Video games scored by Rafael Dyll
The West End & Atlanta Street Railroad Company of Atlanta, Georgia was organized in 1872 by Thomas Alexander, M. G. Dobbins, B. J. Wilson, Benjamin H. Broomhead, Alvin K. Seago, J. M. Alexander, James Atkins, J. W. Goldsmith, John M. Harwell and Jonathan Norcross. The horsecar route started downtown and went via West End Avenue and Ashby Street (now Abernathy) to West End and Westview Cemetery.
See also
Streetcars in Atlanta
Timeline of mass transit in Atlanta
References
Atlanta's Streetcars of the Nineteenth Century (blog)
Acts generated by the General Assembly of Georgia, p.374
History of Atlanta
Defunct public transport operators in the United States
Companies based in Atlanta
Railway lines in Atlanta
Cognitive assets are tangible and intangible organizational assets that constitute sources of the cognition that is necessary for action coordination. These assets allow for the integrity and efficiency of the multiple conversions of individual knowledge into organizational knowledge.
The idea of the cognitive assets was the first attempt to address the most relevant organizational assets to be exploited by cognition-driven businesses. The concept of cognitive assets is a reflection on the belief that it is sufficient the acquisition of software, such as for business intelligence or competitive intelligence to ensure that organizations make good decisions.
Organizational cognitive assets comprise four main dimensions: 1) the environmental mechanisms that foster the creation and sharing of explicit knowledge; 2) organizational members' cognitive capacities; 3) organizational members´ transactional potential (defined as their ability to interact and share knowledge with co-workers); and 4) Analytics and computational methods used by the organization to support decision-making processes.
History
The term was first used in a paper presented in 2002 at the Twelfth International Conference on Management of Technology organized by the International Association for Management of Technology (IAMOT) and published in a collection of the best papers of the conference. The paper refers to the ideas of a master's thesis presented in 2001 at Ibmec Business School, which was first used in this sense.
Fundamentals of cognitive assets
Although most works assume that organizational knowledge exists and that it is more than simply the sum of individual knowledge, the important question of how it becomes “organizational” has not been addressed in much depth. Most authors refer to the work of Nonaka and his co-authors, which remains the sole comprehensive view on organizational knowledge formation.
Although the idea of “collective cognition” has been contested by researchers on the grounds that “cognition belongs to individuals, not organizations”, there is a growing number of studies in management that address this phenomenon at a group or organizational level. These studies concentrate on cognitive phenomena in and by organizations that impact the organization as a whole.
Some conceptualizations stress that the field must embrace the complexities of the two levels (individual and group), which co-exist though interactive processes.
Cognition research in organizations has taken two main approaches: one computational and one interpretive. The computational stream examines the process by which managers and organizations process information and make decisions; the interpretive approach investigates how meaning is created around information in a social context.
The concept of cognitive assets takes both perspectives into account; individuals´ cognitive capacities and organizational decision-making systems are linked to the computational view, whereas the environment and transactional elements are linked to interpretive efforts. As defended by Lant, putting together these two perspectives will deepen our understanding of organizational cognition.
Definition
Analogous to the process of individual knowledge creation, cognitive assets represent to organizations what cognition potential is to individuals. The process of new knowledge generation at the individual level can be seen as the systematic and efficient combination of the information available to the individual with her cognitive potential. Similarly, we can model organizational knowledge creation as the systematic and efficient combination of information-based assets with cognitive assets.
Organizational cognitive assets comprise four main dimensions: 1) the environmental mechanisms that foster the creation and sharing of explicit knowledge; 2) organizational members' cognitive capacities; 3) organizational members´ transactional potential (defined as their ability to interact and share knowledge with co-workers); and 4) Analytics and computational methods used by the organization to support decision-making processes.
Environment
The most basic dimension of cognitive assets is the environment where cognition takes place. Differently from cognitive studies done in psychology, where laboratory experiments are used to address issues of individual cognition, researchers of cognition in management have stressed the role of the environment where decisions and actions are being taken and the interactions of people within this environment. Knowledge is seen as a function of the social and physical system in which it exists.
The environment provides regulative (rules) and normative (values and norms) dimensions that govern organizational life. It sets the pre-conditions that allow for the transformation of individual knowledge into collective knowledge put into action. Following Orlikowski, five sets of activities are important in the organizational environment: (1) sharing identity; (2) interacting face to face; (3) aligning effort; (4) learning by doing; and (5) supporting participation. Managers can increase the effectiveness of knowledge conversions by stimulating these five sets of activities in the areas under their control.
Individual cognitive capacity
The individual cognitive capacity of organizational members corresponds to their ability to process information efficiently and effectively to attain goals. That ability contributes to more and better conversions of information into collective knowledge.
Humans have a knowledge structure (or schema), which “represents organized knowledge about a given concept or type of stimulus”. This knowledge structure is a mental template that individuals impose on an information environment to give it form and meaning and to enable subsequent action. That way, it has strong influence on the process of transforming information into action.
The two most commonly studied attributes of knowledge structures are differentiation (the number of dimensions within a knowledge structure) and integration (the degree of interconnectedness among the knowledge structure dimensions). The higher the differentiation and integration, the more effective the knowledge structure is. Little differentiation leads to a narrow vision, which results in ineffective managerial behavior. Differentiation and integration are influenced by personality variables (level of aspiration, job involvement, cognitive complexity) and organizational experience (position in hierarchy, work experience).
Transactional capacity
Transactional capacity is ability individuals have to absorb, codify and share information and explicit knowledge in order to meet organizational objectives. Transactional capacity will be a function of personal and structural dimensions. For personal characteristics, Eric Berne's transactional analysis in psychology studies three important dimensions: (1) learning; (2) rationality; and (3) emotions.
The structural dimension of transactional capacity is linked to the various networks within the organization. Social networks and the role of social capital have received an increasing attention in sociology studies over the past few years. There are two main approaches: one that follows the work of Coleman, which defends that social capital occurs in networks with closure, where the value of social capital resource is communication among members; another approach, deriving from Granovetter and Burt, defends that social capital occurs in networks without closure where the value of social capital resource is derived from brokering information and exercising control. The seemingly conflicting predictions of these two approaches may be due to the fact that each one has analyzed different environments. But regardless of the closure of social networks, the existence of a network and individuals willing to share information within it (and capture from outside it) is important. Dyer and Nobeoka, for example, defend that a highly interconnected network benefits all members by facilitating knowledge sharing and learning and increasing productivity of members.
Decision-making support
Organizations use different tools and systems to help their decision-making processes. These tools and systems are broadly defined as any activity that, based on explicit (but not necessarily formalized) models, helps decision-making agents to obtain solutions to their problems given their preferences and the uncertainty of the environment. Together with individuals' cognitive capacities, they define the organization's capacity to process information and make decisions.
Operations research, management science and decision science methods can be seen as analytical cognitive processes that help decision-making. These methods serve to increase the efficiency of the knowledge conversion and mobilization processes, increasing managers´ ability to process information and make decisions. That way, they are also important constituents of cognitive assets.
References
Knowledge management
Brigette Lacquette (born November 10, 1992) is a Canadian ice hockey player, currently playing for the Calgary section of the PWHPA and the Canadian national team, playing defence. She participated at the 2015 IIHF Women's World Championship. In the autumn of 2015, Lacquette joined the Calgary Inferno of the CWHL.
In 2018, Lacquette became the first First Nations woman to play for the Canadian women's Olympic hockey team. To honour her accomplishment, Lacquette's Olympic hockey stick was included in the diversity exhibit in the Hockey Hall of Fame in 2018. Along with Sarah Nurse and Hanna Bunton, Lacquette joined them on the cover (dated June 2021) of Elle Canada.
In December 2021, Lacquette was also hired by the Chicago Blackhawks as a scout covering players in clubs of the Western Hockey League.
Early life
Lacquette grew up in the remote Métis community of Mallard, Manitoba. Her father is from the O-Chi-Chak Ko Sipi First Nation of Manitoba, while her mother is from the Cote First Nation in Saskatchewan. Lacquette has a sister named Tara and a brother named Taren, both of whom play hockey.
Lacquette began skating at the age of four, and was soon introduced to hockey by her father and cousins. Since there were no hockey rinks in Mallard, Lacquette's father built one in their family yard. By the time she was five, Lacquette knew she wanted to play in organized hockey, and her father began taking her to the nearest indoor rink, located in the community of Winnipegosis.
As she grew up, Lacquette began facing racism at hockey games. At the age of twelve, she played a tournament in Winnipeg where she encountered taunts such as "dirty Indian" and "go back to the reserve". Hateful comments have come from opponents, tournament fans, parents of hockey players, and even a few of her own teammates. Despite being tempted to quit at times, Lacquette was supported by her father and decided to continue playing hockey. Lacquette's father has expressed pride at his daughter's perseverance: "She basically kicked that door over and knocked it down and it's not a barrier anymore in her life, and that's something that's important for not only her but anybody who's faced a barrier in their life."
Playing career
University and NCAA teams
Lacquette has played for the University of Manitoba Bisons and at the NCAA level at the University of Minnesota-Duluth. Shannon Miller, a former head hockey coach at the University of Minnesota Duluth, has described Lacquette as "the most naturally talented player to ever come through our program". Lacquette was the first Ojibway/Anishnabe in UMD hockey history.
CWHL
Appearing with the Calgary Inferno in the 2016 Clarkson Cup finals, Lacquette earned an assist as the Inferno emerged victorious in a convincing 8–3 final. In 2019, Lacquette led all CWHL players in an online vote, gaining the opportunity to serve as a captain at the 4th Canadian Women's Hockey League All-Star Game.
Olympics
In 2014, Lacquette was in the running for the Canadian Olympic hockey team, but was a late cut.
In 2018, Lacquette became the first First Nations woman to join the Canadian women's Olympic hockey team, set to play defence at the 2018 Winter Olympics.
Lacquette's first appearance with the Canadian Women's National Team was in 2013 at the Four Nations Cup tournament held in Lake Placid, United States.
In 2015, Lacquette played her first IIHF Women's World Championship with team Canada in Sweden, where Canada finished second to the United States.
Volunteer work
Lacquette is a partner athlete with the sports mentorship organization Classroom Champions. As a participant of the organization's "Circle" program, which connects athletes and youth of Indigenous heritage, Lacquette has provided mentorship to children from the Piitoayis (Eagle Lodge) Family School in Inglewood, Calgary.
Inspiration
Lacquettes role model growing up was fellow aboriginal hockey athlete, Jordin Tootoo.
Lacquette embraces her title as a role model to young First Nations kids across Canada. "I'm super excited to be that role model for those kids. Growing up I really didn't have that female role model to look up to," said Lacquette. "It's just very special for me to be that role model for young First Nation girls across Canada, Indigenous kids across Canada. I'm just super excited to be that person for them."
Career stats
Team Canada
In progress
Awards and honors
Top Defenceman for her performance at the 2010 IIHF World Women's Under-18 Championships. Where she also helped lead Canada to its first gold medal at the Under-18 Championships after assisting the overtime winner.
2016 Clarkson Cup champion
2019 Indspire Award, Sports
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Calgary Inferno players
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in the United States
Canadian women's ice hockey defencemen
Clarkson Cup champions
First Nations sportspeople
Ice hockey people from Manitoba
Ice hockey players at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Minnesota Duluth Bulldogs women's ice hockey players
Olympic ice hockey players of Canada
Olympic medalists in ice hockey
Olympic silver medalists for Canada
Sportspeople from Dauphin, Manitoba
Professional Women's Hockey Players Association players
Manitoba Bisons women's ice hockey players
Iran–Tajikistan relations refer to the bilateral relations between Iran and Tajikistan.
Since the collapse of the Soviet Union, the two countries have naturally enjoyed a close and strong relationship with the two often being described as "one spirit in two bodies" by the ex-president of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad due to both being Persian-speaking and Iranic countries.
Tajik independence
Iran was the first nation to establish an embassy in Dushanbe. It was also one of the first countries to extend diplomatic recognition of the newly independent Tajikistan in 1991. Iran provided diplomatic assistance and built new mosques within Tajikistan. Due to the resurgence of Persian culture and Persian language within Tajikistan, Iran helped encourage cultural exchange through conferences, media, and film festivals. Iranian television programs, magazines, and books became increasingly common in Tajikistan.
However, despite the many things the nations have in common, there are also vast differences. Tajikistan's post communist government is secular while Iran's is Islamic. Furthermore, Iran is a predominantly Shia nation while Tajikistan is Sunni. The leading figures of the Islamic revival movement in Tajikistan have stated that Iran would not be a model for whatever Islamic government they advocate for Tajikistan.
Tajik civil war
During the civil war in Tajikistan, Iran offered to mediate between the two factions; however, these efforts did not produce any negotiations. In 1995, Tajikistan opened its first embassy in Tehran, one of the few outside of the former USSR. Relations have since grown stronger, as the two nations cooperate in the energy sector and officials from both nations have supported stronger ties.
Post-tajik civil war
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad of Iran (in office 2006–2013) has commented that "Iran and Tajikistan are one spirit in two bodies". He also added that there are no limits to the expansion of relations between the two countries and that "We do not feel that we have a non-Iranian guest with us thanks to the many commonalities our two countries share".
On February 12, 2011, Tajik Foreign Minister Hamrokhon Zarifi, at an event in Dushanbe celebrating the anniversary of Iran's Islamic Revolution, stated: "Today, Tajik society is witnessing the Islamic Republic of Iran's activity and role in the growth and expansion of Tajikistan's economy." Zarifi referenced projects like the Sangtodeh-2 power plant, Anzob Tunnel and Istiklol Tunnel and as examples of Iran's role in the Tajik economy.
Decline in relations
The relation between Iran and Tajikistan started to descend after the assets of wanted Iranian oligarch, Babak Zanjani, in Tajik Bank and his investments in Tajikistan industries were confiscated by Tajik government despite Iranian government's warning. Babak Zanjani was charged with money laundry, embezzlement
and stealing over six billion dollars from Iranian oil and gas industry. His foreign assets was supposed to be collected as collateral and compensation but Tajik government refused to hand over the assets and denied Zanjani having any investment in Tajik Bank. Iran being under American sanctions and economic hard time saw this belligerent action by a friendly ally as a betrayal and a sign to reduce further commercial ties and industrial collaborations with Tajikistan.
The invitation of wanted Tajik opposition leader Muhiddin Kabiri by Iran to an Islamic seminary in Iran on December 27–29, 2015 which was warmly received by Iran's Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei
exacerbated the relations even further. Tajikistan immediately issued a note of protest to Iran, Tajikistan's Foreign Ministry has summoned Iran's Ambassador to Dushanbe to express "regret" against this act and the head of the Council of Ulema of Tajikistan described Iran's invitation to Muhididn Kabiri as "abetting terrorism.”
The year 2016 was the lowest relationship point between the two countries since Tajikistan obtained independence in 1991.
Trade
As of 2011 Iran is the second largest investor in Tajikistan after China.
Energy and infrastructural projects
Anzob Tunnel
Sangtuda-2 Hydroelectric Power Plant
Istiklol tunnel
Shurabad Hydroelectric Power Plant
Rogun Dam
Highways
Revival of the Silk Road in the form of highways connecting China, Tajikistan, Afghanistan and Iran has been a major focus of the two governments.
Railroads
Planned system will connect Tajikistan, Afghanistan and Iran.
Future
Khatlon Cement Plant
In 2011 Iranian Ambassador to Tajikistan Ali Asqar She'rdoust released Tehran's plans to construct a $500 million cement production plant in Tajikistan's Khatlon province.
Common TV channel
Common television channel to be broadcast in Iran, Afghanistan, Tajikistan.
See also
Foreign relations of Iran
Foreign relations of Tajikistan
References
Tajikistan
Bilateral relations of Tajikistan
Platitude was a Swedish progressive power metal band formed in 1995, however a permanent line-up was not established until 1997. After three demos, they signed a deal with the Italian label Scarlet Records in the spring of 2002. They released three albums before disbanding in 2008.
In late October 2005, new deals were signed with the German Metal Heaven and Japanese King Records for distribution in Europe and Japan respectively.
In May 2003, Platitude joined the Danish heavy metal band Manticora on a European tour and later the same year supported the British progressive metal band Threshold. They have played gigs all over Europe including opening for Finnish power metal band Sonata Arctica in 2004 at a show in Copenhagen.
Since their dissolution in 2008, several band members have been involved in other projects.
Members
Last line-up
Erik "EZ" Blomkvist (Seven Thorns, Dreamscape) - vocals, bass
Gustav Köllerström - guitars
Kristofer von Wachenfeldt (Care of Night) - keyboards
Patrik Janson - bass
Erik Wigelius - drums
Former members
Daniel Hall (Rob Rock) - guitars
Johan Randén - stand-in guitars
Tommie Lundgren - keyboards
Andreas Lindahl (ZooL) - keyboards
Marcus Höher - drums
Andreas Brobjer (Space Odyssey) - drums
Discography
Studio albums
Secrets of Life (2002)
Nine (2004)
Silence Speaks (2006)
Demos
Wings of Time (2001)
References
Musical groups established in 1995
Musical groups disestablished in 2008
Swedish progressive metal musical groups
Swedish power metal musical groups
Scarlet Records artists
This is a list of reptile species found in the Kerala, India.
Order: Crocodilia (crocodilians)
Suborder: Eusuchia
Family: Crocodylidae (crocodiles)
Genus: Crocodylus
Crocodylus porosus (saltwater crocodile / കായൽ മുതല)
Crocodylus palustris (mugger crocodile / മഗ്ഗർ മുതല)
Order: Testudines (turtles)
Suborder: Cryptodira
Family: Geoemydidae (pond, river and wood turtles)
Genus: Melanochelys
Melanochelys trijuga (Indian black turtle / കാരാമ)
Genus: Vijayachelys
Vijayachelys silvatica (Cochin forest cane turtle / ചൂരലാമ)
Family: Cheloniidae (sea turtles)
Genus: Chelonia
Chelonia mydas (green sea turtle / പച്ചക്കടലാമ)
Genus: Eretmochelys
Eretmochelys imbricata (hawksbill sea turtle / ചുണ്ടൻ കടലാമ)
Genus: Lepidochelys
Lepidochelys olivacea (olive ridley sea turtle / ഒലീവ് റിഡ്‌ലി കടലാമ)
Family: Dermochelyidae (leatherback turtles)
Genus: Dermochelys
Dermochelys coriacea (leatherback sea turtle / തോൽപ്പുറകൻ കടലാമ)
Family: Testudinidae (tortoises)
Genus: Geochelone
Geochelone elegans (Indian star tortoise / ഇന്ത്യൻ നക്ഷത്ര ആമ)
Genus: Indotestudo
Indotestudo travancorica (Travancore tortoise / കാട്ടാമ)
Family: Trionychidae (softshell turtles)
Genus: Nilssonia
Nilssonia leithii (Leith's softshell turtle)
Genus: Lissemys
Lissemys punctata (Indian flapshell turtle / വെള്ളാമ)
Genus: Pelochelys
Pelochelys cantorii (Cantor's giant softshell turtle / ഭീമനാമ)
Genus: Chitra
Chitra indica (Indian narrow-headed softshell turtle / ചിത്രയാമ)
Order: Squamata (scaled reptiles)
Suborder: Iguania
Family: Agamidae (lizards)
Genus: Calotes
Calotes calotes (common green forest lizard / പച്ചയോന്ത്)
Calotes grandisquamis (large-scaled forest lizard / കാട്ടുപച്ചയോന്ത്)
Calotes nemoricola (Nilgiri forest lizard / നീലഗിരി ഓന്ത്)
Calotes versicolor (oriental garden lizard / ഓറിയന്റൽ ഗാർഡൻ ലിസാർഡ്)
Genus: Monilesaurus
Monilesaurus ellioti (Elliot's forest lizard / മുള്ളോന്ത്)
Monilesaurus rouxii (Roux's forest lizard)
Genus: Draco
Draco dussumieri (southern flying lizard / പറയോന്ത്)
Genus: Otocryptis
Otocryptis beddomei (Indian kangaroo lizard / കങ്കാരു ഓന്ത്)
Genus: Psammophilus
Psammophilus blanfordanus (Blanford's rock agama / കൂനൻ പാറയോന്ത്)
Psammophilus dorsalis (peninsular rock agama / പാറയോന്ത്)
Genus: Salea
Salea anamallayana (Anaimalai spiny lizard / ആനമലയോന്ത്)
Salea horsfieldii (Horsfield's spiny lizard / നീലഗിരി മലയോന്ത്)
Genus: Sitana
Sitana ponticeriana (fan-throated lizard / ചങ്കനോന്ത്)
Family: Chamaeleonidae (chameleons)
Genus: Chamaeleo
Chamaeleo zeylanicus (Indian chameleon / മരയോന്ത്)
Family: Gekkonidae (geckoes)
Genus: Cnemaspis
Cnemaspis beddomei (Beddome's day gecko)
Cnemaspis gracilis (slender day gecko/ പൊന്നൻമരപ്പല്ലി)
Cnemaspis indica (Indian day gecko / ഇന്ത്യൻ മരപ്പല്ലി)
Cnemaspis kottiyoorensis (Kottiyoor day gecko)
Cnemaspis littoralis (coastal day gecko)
Cnemaspis monticola (mountain day gecko)
Cnemaspis nairi (Ponmudi day gecko)
Cnemaspis nilagirica (Nilgiri day gecko)
Cnemaspis ornata (ornate day gecko)
Cnemaspis sisparensis (Sispara day gecko)
Cnemaspis wynadensis (Wyanad day gecko)
Genus: Geckoella
Geckoella collegalensis (Kollegal ground gecko)
Genus: Gehyra
Gehyra mutilata (four-clawed gecko)
Genus: Hemidactylus
Hemidactylus anamallensis (Anaimalai gecko)
Hemidactylus brookii (Brooke's house gecko)
Hemidactylus frenatus (common house gecko)
Hemidactylus leschenaultii (Leschenault's leaf-toed gecko)
Hemidactylus maculatus (spotted leaf-toed gecko)
Hemidactylus prashadi (Bombay leaf-toed gecko)
Hemidactylus reticulatus (reticulate leaf-toed gecko)
Hemidactylus triedrus (termite hill gecko)
Family: Lacertidae (lacertas)
Genus: Ophisops
Ophisops beddomei (Beddome's snake-eye/lacerta)
Ophisops leschenaultii (Leschenault's snake-eye/lacerta)
Family: Scincidae (skinks)
Genus: Chalcides
Chalcides pentadactylus (five-fingered skink)
Genus: Dasia
Dasia subcaeruleum (Boulenger's tree skink)
Genus: Eutropis
Eutropis beddomii (Beddome's skink)
Eutropis bibronii (Bibron's seashore skink)
Eutropis carinata (golden skink / അരണ)
Eutropis clivicola (mountain/Inger's skink)
Eutropis macularia (bronze grass skink)
Genus: Kaestlea/Scincella
Kaestlea beddomii (Beddome's ground skink)
Kaestlea bilineata (two-lined ground skink)
Kaestlea laterimaculata (side-spotted ground skink)
Kaestlea palnica (Palni ground skink)
Kaestlea travancorica (Travancore ground skink)
Genus: Riopa
Riopa albopunctata (white-spotted supple skink / വെൺപൊട്ടൻ പാമ്പരണ)
Genus: Lygosoma
Lygosoma punctata (white-spotted supple skink / പാമ്പരണ)
Genus: Ristella
Ristella beddomii (Beddome's cat skink)
Ristella guentheri (Günther's cat skink)
Ristella rurkii (Rurk's cat skink)
Ristella travancorica (Travancore cat skink)
Genus: Sphenomorphus
Sphenomorphus dussumieri (Dussumier's forest skink / കാട്ടരണ)
Family: Varanidae (monitor lizards)
Genus: Varanus
Varanus bengalensis (Bengal/Indian monitor / ഉടുമ്പ്)
Suborder: Serpentes
Family: Acrochordidae (file snakes)
Genus: Acrochordus
Acrochordus granulatus (marine file snake / കായൽ പാമ്പ്)
Family: Colubridae (colubrid snakes)
Genus: Ahaetulla
Ahaetulla dispar (Gunther's vine snake / മലമ്പച്ചോലൻ പാമ്പ്)
Ahaetulla nasuta (green vine snake / പച്ചിലപാമ്പ്‌)
Ahaetulla perroteti (Western Ghats bronzeback / ചോലപ്പച്ചോലൻ‍)
Ahaetulla pulverulenta (brown vine snake / തവിട്ടോലപ്പാമ്പ്)
Genus: Argyrogena
Argyrogena fasciolata (banded racer / വള്ളിച്ചേര)
Genus: Boiga
Boiga beddomei (Beddome's cat snake)
Boiga ceylonensis (Sri Lanka cat snake / കാട്ടുവലയൻ പാമ്പ്)
Boiga dightoni (Pirmad cat snake / പീരുമേടൻ പാമ്പ്)
Boiga forsteni (Forsten's cat snake / കരികുരിയൻ പാമ്പ്)
Boiga nuchalis (collared cat snake / വളയൻ പൂച്ചക്കണ്ണിപ്പാമ്പ്)
Boiga trigonata (common cat snake / പൂച്ചക്കണ്ണൻ)
Genus: Chrysopelea
Chrysopelea ornata (golden tree snake / നാഗത്താൻപാമ്പ്)
Genus: Coelognathus
Coelognathus helena (trinket snake / കാട്ടുപാമ്പ്)
Genus: Dendrelaphis
Dendrelaphis ashoki (Ashok's bronzeback / വരയൻ വില്ലൂന്നി)
Dendrelaphis chairecaeos/chairecacos (southern bronzeback / നൽവരയൻകൊംബെരി പാമ്പ്)
Dendrelaphis girii (Giri's bronzeback / കാട്ടുകൊംബെരി പാമ്പ്)
Dendrelaphis grandoculis (large-eyed bronzeback / മലകൊംബെരി പാമ്പ്)
Dendrelaphis tristis (common bronzeback / വില്ലൂന്നി)
Genus: Liopeltis
Liopeltis calamaria (calamaria reed snake / ചെന്നിവരയൻ പാമ്പ്)
Genus: Lycodon
Lycodon aulicus (Indian wolf snake / വെള്ളിവരയൻ പാമ്പ്)
Lycodon nympha (bridal snake)
Lycodon striatus (barred wolf snake / വരവരയൻ പാമ്പ്)
Lycodon travancoricus (Travancore wolf snake / തിരുവിതാംകൂർ വെള്ളിവരയൻ‍)
Genus: Oligodon
Oligodon affinis (western kukri / മലഞ്ചുരുട്ട)
Oligodon arnensis (banded kukri / വരയൻ ചുരുട്ട)
Oligodon brevicauda (shorthead kukri / കുട്ടിവാലൻ ചുരുട്ട)
Oligodon taeniolatus (streaked kukri)
Oligodon travancoricus (Travancore kukri / തെക്കൻ ചുരുട്ട)
Oligodon venustus (Jerdon's kukri / ഒരച്ചുരുട്ട)
Genus: Ptyas
Ptyas mucosa (Indian rat snake / ചേര)
Genus: Rhabdops
Rhabdops olivaceus (olive forest snake / മോന്തയുന്തി പാമ്പ്)
Genus: Sibynophis
Sibynophis subpunctatus (Duméril's black-headed snake / എഴുത്താണി ചുരുട്ട)
Family: Erycidae/Erycinae (sand boas)
Genus: Eryx
Eryx conicus (Russell's boa / ഇരുതലൻ മണ്ണൂലി)
Eryx johnii (Indian sand boa / വലിയ മണ്ണൂലി)
Eryx whitakeri (Whitaker's sand boa)
Family: Elapidae (elapid snakes)
Genus: Bungarus
Bungarus caeruleus (common krait / വെള്ളിക്കെട്ടൻ)
Genus: Calliophis
Calliophis beddomei (Beddome's coral snake)
Calliophis bibroni (Bibron's coral snake / എഴുത്താണി വളയൻ)
Calliophis melanurus (Indian coral snake / എഴുത്താണി മൂർഖൻ)
Calliophis nigrescens (black coral snake / ഇരുളൻ പവിഴപ്പാമ്പ്)
Genus: Hydrophis
Hydrophis curtus (short sea snake)
Hydrophis cyanocinctus (annulated sea snake / നീലവരയൻ)
Hydrophis ornatus (ornate reef sea snake / ചിറ്റുളിപ്പാമ്പ്)
Hydrophis platurus (yellow-bellied sea snake / മഞ്ഞക്കറുപ്പൻ പാമ്പ്)
Hydrophis schistosus (hook-nosed sea snake / വലകടിയൻ കടൽപാമ്പ്)
Genus: Naja
Naja naja (Indian cobra / ഇന്ത്യൻ മൂർഖൻ)
Genus: Ophiophagus
Ophiophagus hannah (king cobra / രാജവെമ്പാല)
Family: Gerrhopilidae (worm snakes)
Genus: Gerrhopilus/Typhlops
Gerrhopilus beddomii (Beddome's worm snake)
Gerrhopilus thurstoni (Thurston's worm snake / അമ്മിഞ്ഞിക്കുടിയൻ പാമ്പ്)
Gerrhopilus tindalli (Tindall's worm snake)
Family: Homalopsidae (mud snakes)
Genus: Cerberus
Cerberus rynchops (dog-faced water snake / ആറ്റുവായ്പ്പാമ്പ്)
Genus: Dieurostus
Dieurostus dussumierii (Dussumier's water snake / ചെളിക്കൂട)
Genus: Gerarda
Gerarda prevostiana (Gerard's water snake / പച്ചാറ്റുവായ്പ്പാമ്പ്)
Family: Natricidae/Natricinae (Keelbacks)
Genus: Atretium
Atretium schistosum (split keelback / പച്ചനീർമണ്ഡലി)
Genus: Amphiesma
Amphiesma stolatum (buff striped keelback / തെയ്യാൻ പാമ്പ്)
Genus: Hebius
Hebius beddomei (Nilgiri keelback)
Amphiesma monticola (hill keelback / കാട്ടുനീർക്കോലി)
Genus: Rhabdophis
Rhabdophis plumbicolor (green keelback / പച്ചനാഗം)
Genus: Fowlea
Fowlea piscator (checkered keelback / നീർക്കോലി)
Family: Pythonidae (pythons)
Genus: Python
Python molurus (Indian python / മലമ്പാമ്പ്)
Family: Typhlopidae (blind snakes)
Genus: Grypotyphlops
Grypotyphlops acutus (beak-nosed blind snake)
Genus: Indotyphlops
Indotyphlops braminus (brahminy blind snake)
Family: Uropeltidae (shieldtails)
Genus: Teretrurus
Teretrurus rhodogaster (Wall's shield tail)
Genus: Melanophidium
Melanophidium bilineatum (two-lined black shieldtail)
Melanophidium punctatum (Beddome's black shieldtail)
Melanophidium wynaudense (Indian black earth snake)
Genus: Platyplectrurus
Platyplectrurus madurensis (Travancore Hills thorntail)
Platyplectrurus trilineatus (lined thorntail)
Genus: Plectrurus
Plectrurus aureus (Kerala burrowing snake)
Plectrurus guentheri (Günther's burrowing snake)
Plectrurus perrotetii (Nilgiri burrowing snake)
Genus: Rhinophis
Rhinophis fergusonianus (Cardamom Hills earth snake)
Rhinophis sanguineus (red-bellied shieldtail)
Rhinophis travancoricus (Travancore shieldtail)
Genus: Teretrurus
Teretrurus sanguineus (purple-red earth snake)
Genus: Uropeltis
Uropeltis arcticeps (Thirunelveli earth snake)
Uropeltis beddomii (Beddome's earth snake)
Uropeltis ceylanica (Kerala shieldtail)
Uropeltis ellioti (Elliot's earth snake)
Uropeltis grandis (violet shieldtail)
Uropeltis liura (Günther's earth snake)
Uropeltis macrorhyncha (Anaimalai earth snake)
Uropeltis maculata (spotted earth snake)
Uropeltis myhendrae (Boulenger's earth snake)
Uropeltis nitida (southern earth snake)
Uropeltis ocellata (Nilgiri shieldtail)
Uropeltis petersi (Peter's shieldtail)
Uropeltis pulneyensis (Palni shieldtail / പഴനിപ്പാമ്പ്)
Uropeltis rubrolineata (red-lined shieldtail / കുങ്കുമവരയൻ പാമ്പ്)
Uropeltis rubromaculata/rubromaculatus (red-spotted shieldtail / കുങ്കുമപ്പൊട്ടൻ പാമ്പ്)
Uropeltis woodmasoni (Wood-Mason's earth snake / കരടിയിരുതലയൻ പാമ്പ്)
Family: Viperidae (vipers)
Genus: Daboia
Daboia russelii (Russell's viper / അണലി)
Genus: Echis
Echis carinatus (saw-scaled viper / ചുരുട്ടമണ്ഡലി)
Genus: Hypnale
Hypnale hypnale (hump-nosed viper / മുഴമൂക്കൻ കുഴിമണ്ഡലി)
Genus: Trimeresurus
Trimeresurus gramineus (bamboo pit viper / മുളമണ്ഡലി)
Trimeresurus macrolepis (large-scaled pit viper / ചട്ടിത്തലയൻ കുഴിമണ്ഡലി)
Trimeresurus malabaricus (Malabar pit viper / ചോലമണ്ഡലി)
Trimeresurus strigatus (horseshoe pit viper / ലാടമണ്ഡലി)
Family: Xenodermatidae (narrow-headed snakes)
Genus: Xylophis
Xylophis captaini (Captain's wood snake / കുഞ്ഞിത്തലയൻ പാമ്പ്)
Xylophis perroteti (Perrotet's mountain snake)
Xylophis stenorhynchus (Günther's mountain snake / ഒരക്കുള്ളൻ പാമ്പ്)
See also
Wildlife of Kerala
List of Odonata of Kerala
List of butterflies of Kerala
List of amphibians of Kerala
List of birds of Kerala
List of mammals of Kerala
References
Palot, M. J. (2015). "A checklist of reptiles of Kerala, India". Journal of Threatened Taxa. 7 (13): 8010–8022
Indian snake checklist
Daniel, J. C.(2002). The Book of Indian Reptiles and Amphibians. Bombay Natural History Society and Oxford University Press.
External links
Reptile database
Herpetology in South Asia
Reptiles
Reptiles
Kerala
Scorpiops is a genus of scorpions in the family Scorpiopidae. It is distributed throughout much of Asia. The taxonomy of the group is unclear because new species and subgenera are described often, and one subgroup may represent a species complex.
Species
Scorpiops contains the following ninety-nine species:
Scorpiops affinis Kraepelin, 1898
Scorpiops afghanus Lourenço & Qi, 2006
Scorpiops alexandreanneorum (Lourenço, 2013)
Scorpiops anthracinus (Simon, 1887)
Scorpiops artemisae (Kovarik, Košulič, Stahlavsky, Dongkhamfu & Wongprom 2015)
Scorpiops asthenurus (Pocock, 1900)
Scorpiops bastawadei Kovarik, Lowe, Stockmann & Stahlawsky, 2020
Scorpiops beccaloniae (Kovarik, 2005)
Scorpiops bhutanensis (Tikader & Bastawade, 1983)
Scorpiops binghamii (Pocock, 1893)
Scorpiops birulai Kovarik, Lowe, Stockmann & Stahlawsky, 2020
Scorpiops braunwalderi Kovarik, 2000
Scorpiops calmonti (Lourenço, 2013)
Scorpiops cavernicola (Lourenço & Pham, 2013)
Scorpiops chiangmai (Lourenço, 2019)
Scorpiops ciki Kovarik, Lowe, Stockmann & Stahlawsky, 2020
Scorpiops citadelle (Kovarik, 2013)
Scorpiops dakrong (Lourenço & Pham, 2014)
Scorpiops dastychi Kovarik, 2000
Scorpiops deccanensis (Tikader & Bastawade, 1978)
Scorpiops demisi Kovarik, 2005
Scorpiops dii Kovarik, Lowe, Stockmann & Stahlawsky, 2020
Scorpiops dunlopi Kovarik, Lowe, Stockmann & Stahlawsky, 2020
Scorpiops farkaci Kovarik, 1993
Scorpiops feti Kovarik, 2000
Scorpiops furai Kovarik, 2020
Scorpiops grandjeani (Vachon, 1974)
Scorpiops grosseri Kovarik, 2020
Scorpiops hardwickii (Gervais, 1843)
Scorpiops harmsi Kovarik, 2020
Scorpiops hofereki Kovarik, 2020
Scorpiops ingens Yin, Zhang, Pan, Li & Di, 2015
Scorpiops irenae Kovarik, 1994
Scorpiops jendeki Kovarik, 1994
Scorpiops kaftani (Kovarik, 1993)
Scorpiops kamengensis (Bastawade, 2006)
Scorpiops kautti Kovarik, Lowe, Stockmann & Stahlawsky, 2020
Scorpiops kejvali Kovarik, 2020
Scorpiops krabiensis Kovarik, Lowe, Stockmann & Stahlawsky, 2020
Scorpiops kubani (Kovarik, 2004)
Scorpiops langxian Qi, Zhu & Lourenço, 2005
Scorpiops leptochirus Pocock, 1893
Scorpiops lhasa Di & Zhu, 2009
Scorpiops lii (Di & Qiao, 2020)
Scorpiops lindbergi (Vachon, 1980)
Scorpiops lioneli Sulakhe, Deshpande, Dandekar, Padhye & Bastawade, 2021
Scorpiops longimanus (Pocock, 1893)
Scorpiops luridus Qi, Zhu & Lourenço, 2005
Scorpiops maharashtraensis (Mirza, Sanap & Upadhye, 2014)
Scorpiops margerisonae Kovarik, 2000
Scorpiops montanus (Karsch, 1879)
Scorpiops nagphani Sulakhe, Deshpande, Dandekar, Padhye & Bastawade, 2021
Scorpiops neera Sulakhe, Deshpande, Dandekar, Padhye & Bastawade, 2021
Scorpiops neradi (Kovarik, Pliskova & Stahlavsky, 2013)
Scorpiops novaki (Kovarik, 2005)
Scorpiops orioni (Kovarik, Košulič, Stahlavsky, Dongkhamfu & Wongprom 2015)
Scorpiops problematicus (Kovarik, 2000)
Scorpiops oligotrichus Fage, 1933
Scorpiops pachmarhicus Bastawade, 1992
Scorpiops pakistanus Kovarik & Ahmed, 2009
Scorpiops pakseensis Kovarik, Lowe, Stockmann & Stahlawsky, 2020
Scorpiops petersii Pocock, 1893
Scorpiops phaltanensis (Sulakhe, Sayyed, Deshpande, Dandekar, Padhye & Bastawade, 2020)
Scorpiops phatoensis Kovarik, Lowe, Stockmann & Stahlawsky, 2020
Scorpiops prasiti Kovarik, Lowe, Stockmann & Stahlawsky, 2020
Scorpiops profusus (Lourenço, 2017)
Scorpiops pseudomontanus Kovarik & Ahmed, 2009
Scorpiops puerensis (Di, Wu, Cao, Xiao & Li, 2010)
Scorpiops rohtangensis Mani, 1959
Scorpiops satarensis (Pocock, 1900)
Scorpiops scheibeae Kovarik, Lowe, Stockmann & Stahlawsky, 2020
Scorpiops schumacheri Kovarik, Lowe, Stockmann & Stahlawsky, 2020
Scorpiops sejnai (Kovarik, 2000)
Scorpiops sherwoodae Kovarik, Lowe, Stockmann & Stahlawsky, 2020
Scorpiops shidian Qi, Zhu & Lourenço, 2005
Scorpiops solegladi Kovarik, Lowe, Stockmann & Stahlawsky, 2020
Scorpiops solidus Karsch, 1879
Scorpiops songi Di & Qiao, 2020
Scorpiops spitiensis Zambre, Sanap & Mirza, 2014
Scorpiops taxkorgan Lourenço, 2018
Scorpiops telbaila Sulakhe, Deshpande, Dandekar, Ketkar, Padhye & Bastawade, 2020
Scorpiops tenuicauda (Pocock, 1894)
Scorpiops thailandus Kovarik, Lowe, Stockmann & Stahlawsky, 2020
Scorpiops thaomischorum (Kovarik, 2012)
Scorpiops tibetanus Hirst, 1911
Scorpiops troglodytes (Lourenço & Pham, 2015)
Scorpiops tryznai Kovarik, 2020
Scorpiops vachoni (Qi, Zhu & Lourenço, 2005)
Scorpiops viktoriae (Lourenço & Košulič, 2018)
Scorpiops vrushchik Sulakhe, Deshpande, Dandekar, Padhye & Bastawade, 2021
Scorpiops vonwicki Birula, 1913
Scorpiops wongpromi (Kovarik, Soleglad & Košulič, 2013)
Scorpiops wrzecionkoi Kovarik, 2020
Scorpiops xui (Sun & Zhu, 2010)
Scorpiops yagmuri Kovarik, 2020
Scorpiops yangi (Zhu, Zhang & Lourenço, 2007)
Scorpiops zhangshuyuani (Ythier, 2019)
Scorpiops zubairahmedi Kovarik, 2009
Scorpiops zubairi Kovarik, 2020
References
Scorpion genera
Scorpions of Asia
Taxa named by Wilhelm Peters
United Nations Security Council resolution 668, adopted unanimously on 20 September 1990, after noting the ongoing political discussions and efforts regarding a just and lasting peaceful situation in Cambodia, the council endorsed the political framework that would enable the Cambodian people to exercise their right to self-determination through U.N. organised elections.
The council had been considering the question of Cambodia and the occupation of the country by Vietnamese troops for almost a decade, however, the council could not act due to lack of agreement amongst its permanent members. Instead, it was addressed by the General Assembly. After the fall of the Khmer Rouge in 1979, Vietnam installed a puppet government, which was opposed by several groups in the country, including the United National Front for an Independent, Neutral, Peaceful and Cooperative Cambodia, Khmer People's Liberation Front and the Party of Democratic Kampuchea, but supported by both Vietnam and the Soviet Union. Representatives from each party gathered for the Paris Conference in 1989, but an agreement was not reached.
After the Fall of Nations, the September 1990 Sino-Vietnamese favored the Beijing-proposed 13 members dialogue instead of the Hanoi-proposed 12 members dialogue solution. Following discussions in Indonesia and Japan in October 1990, the parties agreed a plan in which they would be guided by certain principles in order to solve the Cambodian problem. The Security Council, in Resolution 668, acknowledged and welcomed the agreement.
The resolution went on to welcome the creation of a Supreme National Council as a source of authority throughout the transitional period. It also requested other countries and the Secretary-General to continue to assist in the peace settlement. A move in the General Assembly to endorse the peace process was also approved in Resolution 45/3 on 15 October 1990.
See also
List of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 601 to 700 (1987–1991)
Modern Cambodia
Resolutions 717 (1991), 718 (1991)
Transition of the People's Republic of Kampuchea to Cambodia
United Nations Transitional Authority in Cambodia
References
External links
Text of the Resolution at undocs.org
0668
20th century in Cambodia
Political history of Cambodia
0668
Cambodia–Vietnam relations
September 1990 events
1990 in Cambodia
Zachary "Zach" Bell (born November 14, 1982) is a Canadian former professional racing cyclist, who competed professionally between 2005 and 2015 for the Jet Fuel Coffee–Sympatico, Rite Aid Pro Cycling, , , , , and teams. Born in Whitehorse, Yukon, Bell resides in Watson Lake, Yukon, and now works as a directeur sportif for UCI Women's Team .
Career
At the 2008 Summer Olympics, Bell finished 7th in the men's points race and 12th in the men's madison (cycling). He finished 2nd in the men's omnium at the 2012 UCI Track Cycling World Championships in Melbourne. Later that year, Bell finished 8th in the men's omnium at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Major results
2003
1st Stage 1 Tour de Delta
2004
2nd Time trial, National Under-23 Road Championships
2005
1st Stampede Road Race
2006
1st Stage 7 Tour of Shenandoah
2007
1st Overall Tour de Delta
1st Stages 1 & 2
1st Burnaby Six Days
Tour de Bowness
1st Criterium
1st Hill Climb
Vuelta a El Salvador
1st Stages 4 & 7
1st Stage 2 Tour de White Rock
2nd Scratch, 2007–08 UCI Track Cycling World Cup Classics, Sydney
2nd Time trial, Pan American Road Championships
National Road Championships
2nd Criterium
3rd Time trial
2008
Pan American Road and Track Championships
1st Madison
1st Omnium
5th Time trial
1st Burnaby Six Days
3rd Time trial, National Road Championships
2009
1st Overall Fitchburg Longsjo Classic
2nd Omnium, UCI Track Cycling World Championships
3rd Time trial, National Road Championships
6th Overall Tour of Thailand
2010
2nd Time trial, National Road Championships
Commonwealth Games
3rd Scratch
7th Time trial
2011
3rd Road race, National Road Championships
2012
2nd Omnium, UCI Track Cycling World Championships
2013
National Road Championships
1st Road race
3rd Time trial
1st Stage 4 Tour de Taiwan
1st Stage 6 Tour de Korea
2014
1st Bucks County Classic
3rd Winston-Salem Cycling Classic
2015
8th Overall Vuelta a la Independencia Nacional
References
External links
COC Profile
1982 births
Living people
Canadian male cyclists
Canadian track cyclists
Cyclists at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Cyclists at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Olympic cyclists of Canada
Sportspeople from Whitehorse
Cyclists at the 2010 Commonwealth Games
Cyclists at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games medallists in cycling
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for Canada
Bromelain, a concentrate of proteolytic enzymes from the pineapple plant, is used in medicine. It is approved in the European Union for the debridement (removal of eschar, that is dead and damaged tissue) of severe burn wounds under the brand name NexoBrid. In the US, it has completed Phase III clinical trials and has the tentative trade name Debrase. It was developed by MediWound, Germany; and Teva is responsible for development and marketing in the US.
The medicine has been granted orphan drug status by the European Medicines Agency (EMA).
In other contexts, bromelain has been researched for possible anti-inflammatory effects in treating a range of conditions or diseases, but results of these studies are mixed and regarded as preliminary.
Medical uses
The medication is approved for burns of degrees IIb, i.e. deep partial skin thickness burns, to III, i.e. full thickness burns, and has been shown to significantly reduce the necessity of surgical debridement (15% versus 63% under standard treatment) and skin transplants (18% versus 34%) in a randomized controlled trial.
The concentrate is solved in a sterile gel basis, applied onto the burn wound, covered with a wound dressing, and removed after four hours. The healthy surrounding skin has to be protected with a sterile paraffin ointment. The EMA recommends that the treatment should be used in only hospitals having specialised burns centres.
Contraindications and adverse effects
Predictably, the bromelain gel is contraindicated in persons allergic to pineapple or the enzyme papain.
The most common side-effects are fever (19% of patients in studies) and local pain (3.6%). Wound infections occur no more frequently than under standard treatment.
Interactions
The enzymes in NexoBrid inhibit the liver enzymes CYP2C8 and CYP2C9 when ingested. These are involved in the breaking down of a number of drugs, including amiodarone, chloroquine, ibuprofen, and warfarin. It is not known whether this mechanism has any clinical relevance.
Pharmacokinetics
Depending on the surface area and depth of the wound, bromelain blood serum concentrations of no more than 40 µg/ml are expected, with peak concentrations reached after 2 to 4 hours. The terminal half-life varied between 8.5 and 19.9 hours in studies. These data have been obtained from 15 patients with comparatively shallow wounds.
Chemistry
The medication is extracted from the stem of the pineapple plant (Ananas comosus) by a standardised process, and each lot has to be analysed for its chemical composition. It contains a mixture of proteolytic enzymes, the main compound being stemmed bromelain. Bromelain is thought to be the active ingredient, but this has not been determined in studies.
The gel basis contains water, polyacrylic acid as a gelling agent, and a disodium hydrogen phosphate/sodium hydroxide buffer.
References
External links
Preparations for treatment of wounds and ulcers
Hydrolases
Orphan drugs
Mongmit Township (Shan: မိူင်းမိတ်ႈ) is a township of Mongmit District (formerly part of Kyaukme District) in the Shan State of eastern Burma. The principal town is Mongmit.
References
Townships of Shan State
Justice Duel is a platform game developed and published by Mega Cat Studios. It was released on the Nintendo Entertainment System in 2017. Players battle one another while riding cybernetically enhanced eagles. The game plays similarly to Joust.
Gameplay
The player controls a cyborg version of a past President of the United States riding a cybernetically enhanced eagle to duel either against other human players or the game's AI. The player duels by firing projectiles at their opponents; a level is completed once there are no remaining opponents. Players can pick up power-ups in the form of mines and traps to use against opponents.
Justice Duel supports multiplayer for up to four players through the NES Four Score.
Development
Besides Joust, the game's developers cite TowerFall and Balloon Fight as having inspired elements of the game's design.
Evercade Release
Mega Cat Studios released Justice Duel in a compilation cartridge for the Evercade, along with several other titles from the studio, including Little Medusa, Log Jammers, and Coffee Crisis.
Child's Play Edition
In 2018, Mega Cat Studios released a special edition of Justice Duel to raise money for the charity Child's Play; it debuted at PAX East and was part of the Omegathon tournament. This special edition of the game features two additional playable characters: Della and Rod, who ride a duck and a quail, respectively.
Reception
Justice Duel has received a generally positive reception from the press, being praised for its aesthetic and fast paced gameplay.
References
External links
Birds in popular culture
Cyborgs in fiction
Fictional presidents of the United States
Nintendo Entertainment System games
Nintendo Entertainment System-only games
Indie video games
Platform games
Unauthorized video games
Video games developed in the United States
2017 video games
Josep Fornas Martínez (19 October 1924 – 4 January 2021) was a Spanish politician who served in the Parliament of Catalonia.
References
1924 births
2021 deaths
Spanish politicians
"Tip Toe" is a song by American rapper and singer Roddy Ricch, featuring vocals from fellow American rapper and singer A Boogie wit da Hoodie. The song was released on November 25, 2019, as the third single from Ricch's debut studio album Please Excuse Me for Being Antisocial. The song was written by the artists alongside producers Niaggi and Pilgrim.
Music video
A music video to accompany the release of "Tip Toe" was first released onto YouTube on November 25, 2019.
Personnel
Credits adapted from Tidal.
Niaggi – producer
Pilgrim – producer
Curtis "Sircut" Bye – assistant engineer
Zachary Acosta – assistant engineer
Nicolas De Porcel – masterer
Cyrus "NOIS" Taghipour – mixer
Derek "MixedByAli" Ali – mixer
Artist Dubose – writer
Beck Norling – writer
Gianni van den Brom – writer
Rodrick Moore – vocals, writer
Charts
Certifications
References
2019 singles
2019 songs
A Boogie wit da Hoodie songs
Atlantic Records singles
Roddy Ricch songs
Songs written by Roddy Ricch
Songs written by A Boogie wit da Hoodie
The Valle dei Templi (; ), or Valley of the Temples, is an archaeological site in Agrigento (ancient Greek Akragas), Sicily. It is one of the most outstanding examples of Magna Graecia art and architecture, and is one of the main attractions of Sicily as listed in 1997. Much of the excavation and restoration of the temples was due to the efforts of archaeologist Domenico Antonio Lo Faso Pietrasanta (1783–1863), who was the Duke of Serradifalco from 1809 through 1812. During the 20th century, the archeological excavation was mainly funded by Captain Alexander Hardcastle. He permitted excavations within the archaeological park including the straightening of the eight columns on the south side of the Temple of Heracles. For his contributions to archaeology he was made an honorary citizen of the city of Agrigento and was granted in 1928 the rank of Commander of the Order of the Crown of Italy.
The term "valley" is a misnomer, the site being located on a ridge outside the town of Agrigento.
Overview
The Valley includes remains of seven temples, all in Doric style. The ascription of the names, apart from that of the Olympeion, are a mere tradition established in Renaissance times. The temples are:
Temple of Concordia, whose name comes from a Latin inscription found nearby, and which was built in the 5th century BC. Turned into a church in the 6th century AD, it is now one of the best preserved in the Valley.
Temple of Juno, also built in the 5th century BC. It was burnt in 406 BC by the Carthaginians.
Temple of Heracles, who was one of the most venerated deities in the ancient Akragas. It is the most ancient in the Valley: destroyed by an earthquake, it consists today of only eight columns.
Temple of Olympian Zeus, built in 480 BC to celebrate the city-state's victory over Carthage. It is characterized by the use of large scale atlases.
Temple of Castor and Pollux. Despite its remains including only four columns, it is now the symbol of modern Agrigento.
Temple of Hephaestus (Vulcan), also dating from the 5th century BC. It is thought to have been one of the most imposing constructions in the valley; it is now however one of the most eroded.
Temple of Asclepius, located far from the ancient town's walls; it was the goal of pilgrims seeking cures for illness.
The Valley is also home to the so-called Tomb of Theron, a large tuff monument of pyramidal shape; scholars suppose it was built to commemorate the Romans killed in the Second Punic War.
Temple of Concordia
Due to its good state of preservation, the Temple of Concordia is ranked amongst the most notable edifices of the Greek civilization existing today. Notably the UNESCO symbol alludes to this temple's six column facade. It has a peristasis of 6 x 13 columns built over a basement of 39.44 x 16.91 m; each Doric column has twenty grooves and a slight entasis, and is surmounted by an architrave with triglyphs and metopes; also perfectly preserved are the tympani. The cella, preceded by a pronaos, is accessed by a single step; also existing are the pylons with the stairs which allowed to reach the roof and, over the cella's walls and in the blocks of the peristasis entablature, the holes for the wooden beam of the ceiling. The exterior and the interior of the temple were covered by polychrome stucco. The upper frame had gutters with lion-like protomes, while the roof was covered by marble tiles.
When the temple was turned into a church the entrance was moved to the rear, and the rear wall of the cella was destroyed. The spaces between the columns were closed, while 12 arched openings were created in the cella, in order to obtain a structure with one nave and two aisles. The pagan altar was destroyed and sacristies were carved out in the eastern corners. The sepultures visible inside and outside the temple date to the High Middle Age.
Temple of Hera Lacinia
This temple was constructed on a mostly artificial spur. It dates to c. 450 BC, measuring 38.15 x 16.90 m: it is in Doric style, peripteros six columns wide by thirteen long, preceded by a pronaos and opisthodomos. The basement has four steps.
Current remains (including anastylosis from the 18th century onwards) consist of the front colonnade with parts of the architrave and of the frieze. Only fragments of the other three sides survive, with few elements of the cella. The building was damaged in the fire of 406 BC and restored in Roman times, with the substitution of marble tiles with ones of clay, and the addition of a steep rise in the area where today can be seen the remains of the altar.
Nearby are arcosolia and other sepultures from Byzantine times, belonging to the late 6th century AD renovation of the Temple of Concordia into a Christian church.
Temple of Asclepius
The Temple of Asclepius is located in the middle of the San Gregorio plain. Its identification is based on a mention by Polybius (I, 18, 2), who states that the temple was "in front of the city", one mile away. However, as the actual distance does not correspond and the size of the building is relatively small, scholars remains dubious about this attribution.
The small temple, probably dating to the late 5th century BC and measuring 21.7 x 10.7 m, rises over a basement with three steps. Its peculiarity is the fake opysthodomus with two semi-columns in the external side of the rear cella. Also extant are parts of the entablature, with lion-like protomes, a frieze and a geison pediment.
The sanctuary housed a bronze statue of Apollo by Myron, a gift to the city by Scipio, which was stolen by Verres.
Temple of Heracles
The traditional name of this temple comes from another mention by Cicero about a temple dedicated to the classical hero "not far from the forum"; however, it has never been proven the latter (the agora of the Greek city) was located in this point.
Stylistically, the temple belongs to the last years of the 6th century BC. It has also been suggested that this temple was one of the first built under Theron. Also the entablature, of which parts have been found, would date it to the 470–460s or the middle 5th century BC (though the more recent remains could be a replacement of the older ones). One hypothesis is that the temple was begun before the Battle of Himera, to be completed only in the following decades. Polyaenus mentions a temple of Athena being built under Theron outside the city, which could be identified with that of "Hercules", though also with a new one in the inner acropolis.
The building, with 20th-century anastylosis, measures 67 x 25.34 m, with a peristasis of 6 x 15 Doric columns and a cella with pronaos and opysthodomus, is located over a three-step basement. It is the first example (later become common in the Agrigento temples) of pylons inserted between the pronaos and cella, housing the stair which allowed inspections of the roof. The columns are rather high and have wide capitals. On the eastern side are remains of the large altar.
Olympeion field
On the other side of the road running through the Golden Gate of the ancient city, is a plain commanded by the huge Olympeion field. This includes a platea with a large temple to Olympian Zeus, plus other areas still under investigation. These include a sanctuary, with remains of a paved square, a complex sacellum ("holy enclosure") and a tholos. This, after another gate, is followed by a sanctuary of chthonic deities, an archaic sanctuary, the so-called colimbetra (where was a still unknown gate) and the tip of the spur where the sanctuary is located, with the Temple of Vulcan.
The Olympeion complex' main attraction is the huge Temple of Olympian Zeus, which was described with enthusiastic words by Diodorus Siculus and mentioned by Polybius. Today it is reduced to ruins due to destruction begun in antiquity and continued through the 18th century, when the temple was used as a quarry for the port of Porto Empedocle.
Near the south-western corner of the temples is a small edifice (12,45 x 5,90 m) with two naves and a deep pronaos, a double entrance and what has been identified as an altar. Its dating is controversial, though scholars have assigned it to the Archaic era, due to the discovery of numerous 6th century BC vases. Also archaic is another sacellum, which later was replaced by a classical edifice. These are followed by the scant remains of a temple (called "Tempio L") dating to the mid-5th century BC, measuring 41.8 x 20.20 meters, to which, in the 3rd century BC, a Hellenistic entablature was added.
Temple of the Dioscuri
North of Temple L is the "Temple of the Dioscuri," Castor and Pollux, the northwest corner of which is in a misleading modern reconstruction from the early 19th century, created using pieces from various other temples. It includes four columns and an entablature. The temple itself measures , and would likely have been a Doric peripteral with 6 x 13 columns, dating to about the mid-5th c. BC.
Temple of Hephaestus
On the other side of the valley is the last spur of the hill, commanded by the remains of the Temple of Hephaestus (also called the Temple of Vulcan), although the exact deity to whom it is dedicated is unknown. It is a Doric-style peripteral building measuring , mounted on a four-step crepidoma and having 6 x 13 columns; it dates to around 430 BC. It was built over an archaic sacellumm which measures . Its decoration, dating to ca. 560-550 BC, has been recently reconstructed.
Other remains
On the western side of the city are the remains of Gates VI and VII, the first probably lying on the road to Heracles, the second having two towers and two external bastions (one having 15-metre thick walls); northwards are the remains of Gates VIII and IX, now surrounded by illegal buildings.
At the western tip of the area in which the Temple of Concordia lies, are parts of a late-ancient or early-medieval necropolis, constructed on existing cisterns. Other tombs and catacombs are visible in the so-called Grotte Fragapane, dating to the 4th century AD.
These late-Roman and Byzantine necropolises lie in an area used for tombs since ancient times. One of these, the so-called Tomb of Theron, is a naiskos sepulchre with square plan. Gate IV is located near the tomb of Theron: probably one of the most important in the city, as it led to the sea.
West of the Olympeion, are remains of two insulae (residences) 38 m wide, connected by a square to the ancient Gate V. It is likely that they were built re-using structures belonging to the sacred area of the Olympeion. Nearby is a sanctuary with an L-shaped portico from the early 5th century BC, which is annexed to Gate V. In the area are also two archaic (mid-6th century BC) temples.
On the northern side of Gate V is a large stone square leading to the "Sanctuary of the Chthonic Gods".
The so-called "Oratory of Phalaris" is in fact a Roman temple, measuring 12.40 x 8.85 m.
See also
Architecture of Ancient Greece
Greek temple
List of Greco-Roman roofs
References
External links
The Valley of the Temples. A visitor's guide to the Valley of the Temples
Valley of the Temples - photo gallery
Valley of the Temples at Google Cultural Institute
Archaeological sites in Sicily
Buildings and structures in the Province of Agrigento
Agrigento
Temples of Asclepius
Tourist attractions in Sicily
Museums in Sicily
Archaeological museums in Italy
Museums of ancient Greece in Italy
World Heritage Sites in Italy
Archaeological parks
Lepiku may refer to several places in Estonia:
Lepiku, Hiiu County, village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County
Lepiku, Lääne-Viru County, village in Vinni Parish, Lääne County
Lepiku, Saare County, village in Muhu Parish, Saare County
Lepiku, Tartu County, village in Ülenurme Parish, Tartu County
Lepiku, Tallinn, subdistrict of Tallinn
Ioniq (stylized as IONIQ) is an automotive marque and a division of Hyundai Motor Company with headquarters in Seoul, South Korea. The marque was established in 2020 as a sub-brand for Hyundai's electric vehicle line-up. The sub-brand is slated to aid Hyundai to achieve a targeted one million electric vehicle sales annually by 2025, with the Ioniq brand projected to contribute 560,000 of those sales.
History
Prior to its introduction as a sub-brand, the Ioniq name had been used for the 2012 Hyundai i-oniq concept, a small sporty hatchback that was equipped with a battery-electric drivetrain and a range-extending gasoline engine. Between 2016 and 2022 the name was used for the Hyundai Ioniq, a compact liftback available with a choice of eco-friendly powertrains: gasoline hybrid, plug-in hybrid, or full battery-electric; the 2016 Ioniq was intended to compete with the Toyota Prius hybrid and Nissan Leaf battery-electric vehicles.
On 10 August 2020, the South Korean manufacturer Hyundai Motor Group announced the launching of a new automotive brand called Ioniq (a portmanteau of “ion” and “unique”, styled in all-capital letters as "IONIQ") in London, reserved for electric cars. At the launch, the manufacturer revealed its plans to produce electric vehicles named 5, 6 and 7 and based on the Hyundai-Kia E-GMP common electric car platform presented at the 2019 Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas.
The first vehicle launched was the Ioniq 5, a crossover utility vehicle that was first sold in 2021. Hyundai is currently expanding its full-electric lineup to include the Ioniq 6, a sedan which will debut in Europe and South Korea in the second half of 2022, and the Ioniq 7, a large sport-utility vehicle which is projected to hit the market in 2024.
Models
The Ioniq 5 compact crossover was released in February 2021 and was previewed by the Hyundai Concept 45 EV presented at the 2019 Frankfurt Motor Show.
The Ioniq 6 mid-size sedan will be produced from 2022 and is foreshadowed by the Hyundai Prophecy concept car, which was scheduled to be presented at the 2020 Geneva International Motor Show but this was canceled due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
The Ioniq 7 mid-size crossover will be produced from 2024. the concept version of the future production model, called SEVEN, made its debut at the LA Motor Show in November 2021.
Design
Under its numeric nomenclature, even numbers are reserved for sedans, while odd numbers are reserved for crossovers. As a unifying design concept, Hyundai has included "Parametric Pixel" external light designs on each vehicle; these are small square lighting elements which Hyundai characterize as "a unique jewel-like design", reminiscent of 8-bit video game graphics.
In 2022, Hyundai chief of design SangYup Lee clarified there were three "pillars" consistent across the Ioniq brand:
Living space-focused interior
Parametric Pixel
Sustainability and sustainable materials
Because the lineup is designed to embrace "diverse lifestyles ... rather than a one-size-fits-all approach", Lee noted that each model will follow a different theme. The E-GMP platform enables a flat floor inside, giving designers more freedom to personalize the interior for the intended use. For example, the Ioniq 6 has a "mindful cocoon" theme.
Heritage Series
Hyundai have exhibited several models in its Heritage Series, which are one-off restomod Hyundai vehicles that have been converted with an electric vehicle powertrain; the head- and tail-lights of Heritage Series models share the same "Parametric Pixel" design language as the Ioniq line. Technical details of the powertrains fitted to the Heritage Series vehicles were not disclosed. The Pony Heritage was part of the "Reflections in Motion" exhibition at Hyundai Motorstudio Busan (April 8 – June 27, 2021) alongside the 45 EV and Prophecy concepts; the pixelated lights of the Pony Heritage were animated, which Hyundai called the "Pixel Roadtrip".
References
External links
Hyundai Motor Group
South Korean brands
Vehicle manufacturing companies established in 2020
Car brands
Battery electric vehicle manufacturers
Electric vehicle manufacturers of South Korea
2020 establishments in South Korea
Follett Johns Thomas (21 October 1863 – 3 January 1942) was an Australian politician.
He was born at Majors Creek, near Araluen in New South Wales, to Richard Uren Thomas and Mary Ann Johns. The family moved to Inverell around 1871 and Thomas attended the public school there before apprenticing to a chemist in Glen Innes. He qualified as a chemist, and also served as an alderman at Glen Innes from 1884 to 1903, as mayor in 1895, 1896, 1902 and 1903. On 30 June 1888 he married Louise Dibley Dawson, with whom he had four children. In 1903 he was elected to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly as the Liberal member for Glen Innes, moving to Gough in 1904. He held the seat until the introduction of proportional representation in 1920, when he was defeated running for Northern Tableland as a Progressive. Thomas died in North Sydney in 1942.
References
1863 births
1942 deaths
Nationalist Party of Australia members of the Parliament of New South Wales
Members of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly
The Development of Capitalism in Russia was an early economic work by Lenin written whilst he was in exile in Siberia. It was published in 1899 under the pseudonym of "Vladimir Ilyin". It established his reputation as a major Marxist theorist.
History
Lenin began work while in prison after his arrest for the St. Petersburg case "the Union of Struggle for the Working Class Liberation". The work was completed in exile in the village of Shushenskoye. In three years, Lenin has managed to examine a large amount of literature on the Russian economy, and over 500 sources were used in the book: monographs, articles, statistical reference books, collections, reviews, etc. By the time this work was completed, its author turned 29. The books were first published in March 1899 under the pseudonym "Vladimir Ilyin" with 2400 copies. In 1908, the second edition of the book was published with minor changes.
Content
In it Lenin attacked the Populist claim that Russia could avoid the stage of capitalism, and that the rural commune could serve as the basis for communism. Instead Lenin argued that the rural communes had already been wiped out by capitalism and statistics showed the degree to which feudalism was already dying in Russia. Lenin noted the growth of a national market for goods in Russia replacing local markets, the tendency to grow cash crops rather than rely on subsistence agriculture and a growth of individual rather than communal property ownership. Lenin also noted the growth of class division amongst the peasants with a growing division between a landholding rural bourgeoise and a mostly landless rural proletariat recruited from a diminishing middle peasantry. Lenin saw a community of interest between rural and urban proletariat and the possibility of a worker–peasant alliance against the representatives of capital.
See also
Vladimir Lenin bibliography
References
External links
The Development of Capitalism in Russia by Vladimir Lenin at the Marxists Internet Archive
1899 non-fiction books
Communist books
Works by Vladimir Lenin
Books about revolutions
Prison writings
Pavol Molnár (13 February 1936 – 6 November 2021) was a Slovak footballer who played as a forward. He played for Czechoslovakia national team in 20 matches and scored three goals.
He was a participant at the 1958 FIFA World Cup, where he played in three matches, and at the 1962 FIFA World Cup, where his team won the silver medal.
Molnár played for SK Slovan Bratislava and later CH Bratislava.
References
External links
1936 births
2021 deaths
Footballers from Bratislava
Slovak footballers
Czechoslovak footballers
Association football forwards
Czechoslovakia international footballers
1958 FIFA World Cup players
1960 European Nations' Cup players
1962 FIFA World Cup players
ŠK Slovan Bratislava players
FK Inter Bratislava players
Walter Heuer (25 October 1908 in Aegerten, canton of Bern, 7 September 1977 in Küsnacht, canton of Zurich) was Chefkorrektor (head proofreader) at the Neue Zürcher Zeitung and author of the book Richtiges Deutsch. He was a central figure in the area of German orthography, especially in the German-speaking part of Switzerland.
Life
Walter Heuer was born on 25 October 1908 in Aegerten, a small town in the Seeland region in the Swiss canton of Bern. After an apprenticeship as typesetter in the city of Biel from 1924 to 1928, he worked at the newspaper Luzerner Tagblatt (now Neue Luzerner Zeitung). Heuer later was proofreader at the printing house Druckerei Friedrich Reinhardt in Basel, a common career step for typesetters. In 1939, he became head proofreader at the book printer Buchdruckerei Büchler & Co AG in Bern.
He also taught Fachdeutsch, technical German, for typesetters at the Gewerbeschule (more or less equivalent to a trade school) in Bern, was course instructor for language training courses for assistants and supervised as Experte (examiner) the final apprenticeship examinations. He co-founded the Swiss proofreader's course, a (now) correspondence course for proofreaders as preparation for the Federal Professional Examination and finally the Federal VET Diploma.
On 1 August 1950, Heuer became Gottlieb Lehner's successor as head proofreader at the prestigious Swiss newspaper Neue Zürcher Zeitung (NZZ). He developed the existing proofreader's course, and under his leadership, the course achieved the quality it is still famous for today.
Walter Heuer retired end of 1973 and died in 1977.
Books
In 1960, two books edited by Heuer were published: Sprachschule für Setzer und Korrektoren, a textbook on grammar and orthography for the proofreader's course, and Richtiges Deutsch – eine Sprachschule für jedermann, which was basically a special edition of Sprachschule adapted for the general public. This book quickly became a huge success outside the typesetting trade, and it was soon used as a schoolbook at schools of secondary and upper secondary education (vocational schools and Gymnasiums). Heuer's Vademecum, a style guide originally published in 1971 for internal use for redactors and correspondents of the NZZ, was later also made available to a greater audience.
Richtiges Deutsch is still published, 2021 in its 33rd edition, edited and updated by NZZ's former head proofreaders Max Flückiger and Peter Gallmann, while the Vademecum was published in 2014 in its 14th edition by former NZZ head proofreader Stephan Dové.
Heuer wrote a satirical language column in the NZZ. The articles were also published in book form.
Significance
Heuer had a great influence over the principles of teaching German grammar through his popular book Richtiges Deutsch.
He took clear positions on questions regarding German orthography and orthographic reforms. Although he was against substantial changes, he didn't reject reforms in general and criticised the overly strict rules of the Duden, the dictionary for High Standard German. He emphasised that the main function of punctuation marks, especially the comma, was to facilitate reading and that readability was the first principle of orthography, so rules shouldn't be simplified thoughtlessly.
His positions on specific rules or discussions on rules were:
Nouns have to be capitalised. This against the attempts to install the so-called gemässigte Kleinschreibung (moderate lower-case spelling). This would allow German nouns, which are usually with an upper-case letter at the beginning, to be written in lower case like in English, for example kindergarten instead of Kindergarten.
Against the rule of thumb "when in doubt, lower case" (Im Zweifel klein). This rule might be applied in several (oftentimes complicated) cases when in doubt whether a word is capitalised or not, for example außer acht / außer Acht.
Indicators of vowel length should be kept. The vowel length in German is indicated by several means (for example silent -h- in Bahn or double vowel in Saal).
The ß (a sharp -s- sound, called sharp s, long s or Eszett) should stay and the Heyse'sche Regelung (Heyse's rule) be applied. This rule states that ß is used after long vowels and diphthongs (e. g. -au-, like in außer), otherwise -ss-. ß is used in Germany and Austria but in general not in Switzerland.
Words shouldn't be written as compounds if the meaning is the same as when written separately. This applies mostly to combinations of adjective plus verb and adverb plus verb (zusammenarbeiten vs. zusammen arbeiten).
The so-called "three-letter rule" should be implemented on consonants as well as vowels. This rule states that, when three of the same vowels meet (which can be the case in compound words), the compound noun is hyphenated (Tee-Ei). For consonants, this would for example mean writing Schiff-Fahrt instead of Schifffahrt.
Heuer objected the forced Germanisation of loanwords as had happened for example with cescendo – Krescendo. Some of these words are now again written in their "original" form.
On the aspect of hyphenation rules at the end of a line, Heuer proposed that
it should be allowed to separate s from t (Indus-trie),
ck should stay together instead of being separated in k-k (kna-cken instead of knak-ken),
hyphenation should be possible according to syllables, not only according to etymology or morphology (Inte-resse as well as Inter-esse).
Those propositions were adopted 19 years after Heuer's death in the 1996 German orthography reform.
The orthography reform of 1996 also integrated words whose orthography in the NZZ, set by Heuer, differed from the Duden, such as überschwänglich instead of überschwenglich or Albtraum instead of Alptraum.
List of books by Walter Heuer
Richtiges Deutsch. Vollständige Grammatik und Rechtschreiblehre. 33. Auflage. Verlag Neue Zürcher Zeitung, Zürich 2021, bearb. von Max Flückiger, Peter Gallmann, ISBN 978-3-907291-30-6. (1st edition: Richtiges Deutsch – Eine Sprachschule für jedermann (Sonderausgabe der «Sprachschule für Setzer und Korrektoren»). Buchverlag der Neuen Zürcher Zeitung, Zürich 1960).
Vademecum – Der sprachlich-technische Leitfaden der «Neuen Zürcher Zeitung». 14. Auflage. Verlag Neue Zürcher Zeitung, Zürich 2014, ISBN 978-3-03823-903-1. (1st edition: Sprachlich-technisches Vademecum für unsere Redaktoren, Korrespondenten und Mitarbeiter. Neue Zürcher Zeitung, Zürich 1971).
Sprachschule für Setzer und Korrektoren. Buchverlag der Neuen Zürcher Zeitung, Zürich 1960.
Deutsch unter der Lupe. Buchverlag der Neuen Zürcher Zeitung, Zürich 1972.
Darf man so sagen? Buchverlag der Neuen Zürcher Zeitung, Zürich 1976.
See also
vocational education in Switzerland
apprenticeship in Switzerland
Notes
References
in German
External links
in German
Duden dictionary
Digitales Wörterbuch der deutschen Sprache online dictionary
SOK, Schweizer Orthographische Konferenz
Information on the proofreader's correspondence course
Neue Zürcher Zeitung
Druckerei Friedrich Reinhardt
Article on German proofreading marks with list and list of English proofreading marks
1908 births
1977 deaths
20th-century Swiss writers
Swiss writers in German
The 34th Awit Awards were held on November 29, 2021. Indie pop duo Leanne & Naara and folk pop band Ben&Ben led the nominations with seven, and won the awards for Album of the Year and Record of the Year, respectively. The Song of the Year category was awarded to Moira dela Torre and Jason Marvin's work of "Paubaya".
The ceremony had the theme "Proudly Homegrown", referring to pride and gratitude of the expression, inspiration, growth and strength shown by Original Philipino Music amid the COVID-19 pandemic. The ceremony also awarded thirty-three categories, including two debutants, Best New Artist in a Collaboration and Best Global Recording.
Performers
SB19
Fana
James Gulles
Rhythm & Drip
Alex Bruce
Unique Salonga
Extrapolation
Zack Tabudlo
Noel Cabangon
Leanne & Naara
Alamat
Lil Vinceyy
Sassa Dagdag
Eunice Jorge of Gracenote
Anthony Rosaldo
Jeremiah Tiangco
Bryan Chong
Jamm Rea
Zsaris
Selena Marie
BGYO
Janine Teñoso
Regine Velasquez-Alcasid
Ben&Ben
Winners and nominees
The nominations for the fan-voted categories, deemed as Peoples' Voice, were announced on October 28, 2021. While, the rest of the nominations were announced on November 6, 2021. Winners are listed first and highlighted in bold.
General field
Record of the Year
"Di Ka Sayang" – Ben&Ben
Poch Barretto, Toni Muñoz, Keifer Cabugao, Pat Lasaten, Paolo Benjamin and Jean Paul Verona, producers; Jean Paul Verona, recording engineer
"Dila" – Zild
Zild Benitez, producer; Zild Benitez, recording engineer
"Marupok" – KZ Tandingan
Roxy A. Liquigan and Jonathan Manalo, producers; Tim Recla, recording engineer
"Nangangamba" – Zack Tabudlo
Zack Tabudlo, producer; Zack Tabudlo, recording engineer
"Paubaya" – Moira Dela Torre
Roxy A. Liquigan, Jonathan Manalo, James Narvaez, Chris Ian Rosales and Luke Sigua, producers; Tim Recla and James Narvaez, recording engineers
"This Too Shall Pass" – Rico Blanco
Rico Blanco, producer; Rico Blanco, recording engineer
"Who's Gonna Love You" – Leanne & Naara
Brian Lotho and Kelley Mangahas, producers; Brian Lotho, recording engineer
Album of the Year
Daybreak – Leanne & NaaraWarner Music Philippines, executive producer; Brian Lotho, line producerDiwa – Juan Karlos
UMG Philippines and Juan Karlos Labajo, executive producers; Juan Karlos Labajo, Gian Franco, Rey Hipolito and Abe Hipolito, line producers
Homework Machine – Zild
Zild Benitez, executive producer; Zild Benitez, line producer
Pangalan – Unique Salonga
OC Records, executive producer; OC Records, line producer
Waiting for the End to Start – The Itchyworms
Sony Music Entertainment Philippines, executive producer; Jazz Nicolas and The Itchyworms, line producers
Song of the Year"Paubaya"Moira Dela Torre & Jason Marvin, songwriters (Moira Dela Torre)"Di Ka Sayang"
Paolo Benjamin & Miguel Benjamin, songwriters (Ben&Ben)
"Dila"
Daniel Zildjian Benitez, songwriter (Zild)
"Lifetime"
Paolo Benjamin & Miguel Benjamin, songwriters (Ben&Ben)
"Marupok"
Danielle Balagtas, songwriter (KZ Tandingan)
"Who's Gonna Love You"
Rose Caroline Mamonong & Naara Acueza, songwriters (Leanne & Naara)
Performance field
Best Performance by a Female Recording Artist"Right Next to You" – Keiko Necesario"Mahal Ko O Mahal Ako" – Regine Velasquez-Alcasid
"Paubaya" – Moira Dela Torre
"Agsardeng" – Miss Ramone
"Lunod" – Shaina Opsimar
Best Performance by a Male Recording Artist"Kulang ang Mundo" – Sam Mangubat"Puhon" – TJ Monterde
"Nangangamba" – Zack Tabudlo
"Pipiliin Pang Maghintay" – Noel Cabangon
"Tuloy Tuloy" – Quest
Best Collaboration Performance"Bestiny" – Jr Crown and Kevin Yadao"Kahit Kunwari Man Lang" – Moira Dela Torre and Agsunta
"Simula" – TJ Monterde and KZ Tandingan
"Sampaguita" – Juan Karlos and Gloc-9
"Bukas Walang Nang Ulan" – Christian Bautista and Janine Teñoso
Best Performance by a Group Recording Artist"Sariling Multo (Sa Panaginip)" – IV of Spades"Doors" – Ben&Ben
"Di Ka Sayang" – Ben&Ben
"Hanggang Sa Huli" – SB19
"Dumaloy" – Sud
Best Performance by a New Female Recording Artist"Out" – Fana"Liliwanag" – Trisha Denis
"1996" – Daze
"Somebody" – TJane Plaza
"Sana'y Tayo Pa" – TJane Plaza
"A.A" – Jenn Clemena
Best Performance by a New Male Recording Artist"Sayaw ng Mga Tala" – Matty Juniosa"Di Na Bale" – Bryant Dagdag
"Di Namalayan" – Benedict Cua
"Ulap" – Rob Deniel
"Hinungdan" – James Gulles
Best Performance by a New Group Recording Artist"Outlaws" – Nameless Kids"Pahina" – Kiss N Tell
"Pero" – Rhythm & Drip
"Love Kita Maniwala Ka" – JThree
"Suyo" – Reon
Best Child Recording Artist"The Kokak Song" – Bea CBest Instrumental Performance"Cosmic Cycles" – Four Corners MNL"Midnight Cruise" – Tristan Castro
"Dreaming of Tomorrow" – Abby Clutario
"Lovestruck" – Ken Tiongson
"Tama Na" – EJ De Perio
Best New Artist in a Collaboration"Magandang Dilag" – JM Bales featuring KVN"GG" – J-Nine with King Promdi
"Random Thoughts" – Vince Lucero and Mistah Lefty
Recording field
Best Global Recording"Rise" – Eric Bellinger, Iñigo Pascual, Sam Concepcion, Moophs, Zee Avi and Vince Nantes"Usahay" – Troy Laureta and Jake Zyrus
"Doors" – Ben&Ben
"Right Next to You" – Keiko Necesario
"Fix Me" – Travis Atreo featuring Amber Liu
Best Ballad Recording"Sa Susunod Na Habang Buhay" – Ben&Ben"Paubaya" – Moira Dela Torre
"Simula" – TJ Monterde & KZ Tandingan
"Araw't Gabi" – Clara Benin
"Pipiliin Pang Maghintay" – Noel Cabangon
Best Pop Recording"Happy Feelin'" – Rico Blanco"Gunita" – Kyryll
"Sumayaw (Sa Kanya-Kanyang Kwarto)" – Earl Generao
"Bago" – Autotelic
"Nangangamba" – Zack Tabudlo
Best Rock/Alternative Recording"Sariling Multo (Sa Panaginip)" – IV of Spades"Himala" – Silent Sanctuary
"Armageddon Blues" – The Itchyworms
"Paalam" – The Knobs
"Dumaloy" – Sud
Best World Music Recording"Palawan" – High Hello"Waiting for the End to Start" – The Itchyworms
"Never Made It Far" – Leanne & Naara
"Sana Naman" – JBK
"XX:XX" – Jason Dhakal & CRWN
Best Novelty Recording"Sabi Ko Nga Ba" – Hannah Precillas"Corona Ba Bye Na!" – Vice Ganda
"Bawal Lumabas (The Classroom Song)" – Kim Chiu
"DWYB" – Mimiyuuuh
"TikTok" – King Promdi
Best Traditional/Contemporary Folk Recording"Kita Na Kita" – Moira Dela Torre"Hulog Ni Bathala" – Sassa Dagdag
"Sa Susunod Na Habang Buhay" – Ben&Ben
"Bawat Araw" – Hans Dimayuga
"Choose You" – Leanne & Naara
"Evergreen" – Leanne & Naara
Best Dance Recording"G Na G" – Zsara Tiblani"Bad Influence" – Yuzon, Subzylla & Kyler
"Hibang" – La Santos
"Kinabukasan" – Deuges
"Love at First Sight" – Alexa Ilacad
Best Inspirational Recording"Di Ka Sayang" – Ben&Ben"Dakila Ka, Bayani Ka" – Polyeast Artists
"This Too Shall Pass" – Rico Blanco
"Tuloy Tuloy" – Quest
Best Christmas Recording"Paskong Walang Hanggan" – Arman Ferrer"Paano Ang Simbang Gabi (Kung Di Ikaw Ang Katabi)" – Drei Raña & Selena Marie
"Share the Love" – Elha Nympha
"A Brand New Christmas" – Martin Nievera
"'Tis the Season" – Katrina Velarde, Daryl Ong, Dea Formilleza and Yuki Ito
Best Rap/Hip-hop Recording"Umaga" – Arvey"Subtle Energy" – Juss Rye
"Yakap" – Alex Bruce
"88" – Zelijah & KNTMNL
"Sinayang" – Nobrvnd, Chelly
Best Jazz Recording"Poblacion" – Nicole Asensio"Villain" – Extrapolation
"'Wag" – Issa Rodriguez
"Lightning Strikes" – Basically Saturday Night
"Choose You" – Leanne & Naara
Best R&B Recording"Too Soon" – Leanne & Naara"Previously, On" – Concious & The Goodness
"Elated" – August Wahh
"Gunita" – Kyryll
"Goodnight" – Jason Dhakal
Best Regional Recording"Ania Ko" – Route 83"Bulalakaw" – Janine Berdin & Joanna Ang
"Puhon" – TJ Monterde
"Tumang Kamingaw" – Tjane Plaza
"Suyo" – Reon
"Holly" – JKLRD & St. Ven
Best Song Written for Movie/TV/Stage Play"Hanggang Sa Huli" – Moira Dela Torre for 24/7
"Maligaya Ang Buhay" – Iñigo Pascual for Four Sisters Before the Wedding
"Malaya Ako" – Bryant for Hush
"Ang Sa Iyo Ay Akin" – Aegis for Ang sa Iyo ay Akin
"Ngayon" – Emerzon Texon featuring Dex Yu for Game Boys
Technical field
Best Engineered Recording
"Marupok"
Tim Recla, sound engineer; Purple Room Recording Studios, recording studio (KZ Tandingan)
"Puhon"
Albert Tamayo, sound engineer; ProdigiMusic Studio, recording studio (TJ Monterde)
"Sa Susunod Na Habang Buhay"
Jean Paul Verona, sound engineer; Verona Audio Design, recording studio (Ben&Ben)
"Nangangamba"
Zack Tabudlo, sound engineer (Zack Tabudlo)
"Dila"
Zild Benitez, sound engineer; Zild's Home Studio, recording studio (Zild)
Best Cover Art
Rico Blanco Songbook
Kurt Byron Vale Maligaya, graphic designer; Jason Paul Laxamana, concept (Rico Blanco)
Hibang
Joyce Ignacio, graphic designer; Emmie Villegas, concept (LA Santos)
Bago
Ivee Pendo, graphic designer; Autotelic, concept (Autotelic)
Purple Afternoon
Beatrix Zaragoza, graphic designer; Paolo Sandejas, concept (Paolo Sandejas)
Don't Look Back
Kyla Baltazar, graphic designer; Lorenzo Santos and Kyla Baltazar, concept (Lola Amour)
Best Music Video
"Dila"
Daniel Aguilar, director; Zild Benitez, producer (Zild)
"No Rush"
Jade Regala and Chapters, directors; Roxy A. Liquigan and Tarsier Records, producers (Kiana V featuring Billy Davis)
"Naubos Na"
Kyle Quismondo, director; Oh, Flamingo!, producers (Oh, Flamingo!)
"Hanggang Sa Huli"
Justin de Dios, director; ShowBT, producers (SB19)
"Poblacion"
Gorio Vicuna, director; Nicole Asensio, producer (Nicole Asensio)
Peoples' Voice
Peoples' Voice Favorite Male Artist
Anthony Rosaldo
Adie
Arvey
Because
Rico Blanco
Garrett Bolden
Ken Chan
Benedict Cua
JM de Guzman
EJ de Perio
Jason Dhakal
Darren Espanto
Fern
JMKO
Juan Karlos
Kritiko
Michael Dutchi Libranda
Jireh Lim
TJ Monterde
Arthur Nery
Nobrvnd
Miguel Odron
Dan Ombao
Quest
Unique Salonga
Zack Tabudlo
Zild
Peoples' Voice Favorite Female Artist
Elha Nympha
Barbie Almalbis
Anjl
Nicole Asensio
Marion Aunor
Clara Benin
Yeng Constantino
Moira Dela Torre
Shane G
Syd Hartha
Jona
Angela Ken
KZ
Dia Mate
Keiko Necesario
Angeline Quinto
Maris Racal
Sabrina
Janella Salvador
Sassa
Janine Tenoso
Esang de Torres
Bianca Umali
Zephanie
Zsaris
Peoples' Voice Favorite Breakthrough Artist
Shane G
8 Ballin
Adie
Arvey
Ace Banzuelo
Alex Bruce
Rob Deniel
JMKO
Angela Ken
Markus
Mimiyuuuh
Arthur Nery
Nobita
Miguel Odron
Dan Ombao
Raven
Zack Tabudlo
Lil Vinceyy
XOXO
Zephanie
Peoples' Voice Favorite Group Artist
BGYO
8 Ballin
ALMO$T
Bandang Lapis
Ben&Ben
Bini
BRWN
Cheats
The Company
The Itchyworms
JBK
The Juans
Kiss N Tell
Leanne & Naara
Lola Amour
One Click Straight
Over October
Rhythm & Drip
Sasaya
SB19
Shockra
Silent Sanctuary
Sponge Cola
St. Wolf
Sud
VVS Collective
XOXO
Peoples' Voice Favorite Song
"Hanggang sa Huli" – SB19
"Bago" – Autotelic
"Believe in Christmas" – Darren Espanto
"Blanko" – Janella Salvador
"Chinta Girl" – Lil Vinceyy featuring Guel
"Di Ka Sayang" – Ben&Ben
"Di Namalayan" – Benedict Cua
"Dumaloy" – Sud
"Hanggang Dito Na Lang" – TJ Monterde
"Higa" – Arthur Nery
"Huwag Ka Sanang Magagalit" – Unique Salonga
"Ikaw" – Autotelic
"Keeping Me Up" – Leanne & Naara
"Lambing" – Sasaya
"Let Go" – Leanne & Naara
"Lifetime" – Ben&Ben
"Marupok" – KZ Tandingan
"Nangangamba" – Zack Tabudlo
"Ngayong Gabi" – Nino Alejandro & Nicole Asensio
"Paalam" – Moira Dela Torre & Ben&Ben
"Pansamantala" – Lala Vinzon
"Patawad" – Moira Dela Torre
"Paubaya" – Moira Dela Torre
"Please Don't Leave" – Lola Amour
"Puhon" – TJ Monterde
"Ready, Let Go" – Keiko Necesario
"Right Next to You" – Keiko Necesario
"Sa Susunod Na Habang Buhay" – Ben&Ben
"Sinayang" – Nobrvnd & Chelly
"Sinungaling" – Zild
"S.S.H." – One Click Straight
"Stars" – Brwn
"Suyo" – Reon
"Tinadhana Sayo" – Zephanie
"Titulo" – Jeremiah
"Ulap" – Rob Deniel
"Who's Gonna Love You" – Leanne & Naara
"XOXO" – XOXO
Most Streamed Song
"Paubaya" – Moira Dela Torre
Most Streamed Artist
Ben&Ben
Dangal ng Musika Awardee
April Boy Regino
References
Awit Awards
2021 music awards
2021 in Philippine music
Lernanthropidae is a family of copepods belonging to the order Siphonostomatoida.
Genera:
Aethon Krøyer, 1837
Lernanthropinus Ho & Do, 1985
Lernanthropodes Bere, 1936
Lernanthropsis Ho & Do, 1985
Lernanthropus de Blainville, 1822
Mitrapus Song & Chen, 1976
Norion Nordmann, 1864
Sagum Wilson, 1913
References
Copepods
The Betty Ford Alpine Gardens are one of the world's highest botanical garden, located at 183 Gore Creek Drive, Vail, Colorado, United States, at an altitude in the Rocky Mountains. The Gardens are open to the public year-round.
The Gardens were founded by Vail and Denver horticulturists in 1985, with subsequent planting of the Alpine Display Garden (1987), Mountain Perennial Garden (1989), Mountain Meditation Garden (1991), and the Alpine Rock Garden (1999) with its stunning 120-foot waterfall. Other gardens include the Children's Garden and Schoolhouse Garden. Together these gardens contain about 2,000 varieties of plants, including over 500 different varieties of wildflowers and alpine plants. The gardens were named in honour of first lady Betty Ford in 1988.
It is open daily; admission is free.
See also
List of botanical gardens in the United States
References
Botanical gardens in Colorado
Protected areas of Eagle County, Colorado
Miphy Lupini (born 20 May 1980 in Kinshasa) is football goalkeeper who last played for Golden Arrows.
Lupini moved to South Africa to play for Durban Stars F.C. in 2003. He joined Mabopane Young Masters before moving to Golden Arrows.
Lupini played for the Democratic Republic of the Congo national football team in a 2002 FIFA World Cup qualification match against Côte d'Ivoire on 29 July 2001.
References
External links
Living people
1980 births
Footballers from Kinshasa
Democratic Republic of the Congo footballers
Democratic Republic of the Congo international footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Durban Stars F.C. players
F.C. AK players
Lamontville Golden Arrows F.C. players
South African Premier Division players
National First Division players
Democratic Republic of the Congo expatriate footballers
Democratic Republic of the Congo expatriate sportspeople in South Africa
Expatriate soccer players in South Africa
Stanley Hoffmann (27 November 1928 – 13 September 2015) was the Paul and Catherine Buttenwieser University Professor at Harvard University, specializing in French politics and society, European politics, U.S. foreign policy, and international relations.
Biography
Hoffmann was born in Vienna in 1928 and moved to France with his family the following year. He was born to a distant American father and an Austrian mother. The Nazis classified Hoffmann and his mother as Jewish, forcing them to flee Paris in 1940. They fled to the village of Lamalou-les-Bains in the south of France, where they spent the war hiding from the Gestapo. A French citizen since 1947, Hoffmann spent his childhood between Paris and Nice before studying at Sciences Po, graduating at the top of his class in 1948. He also obtained a doctorate at the Faculty of Law of Paris in 1953.
In 1955, Hoffmann became an instructor in the Department of Government at Harvard. After several years, he received tenure and was later appointed C. Douglas Dillon Professor of the Civilization of France. He was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1964. He founded Harvard's Center for European Studies in 1969 (later the Minda de Gunzburg Center for European Studies). His main fields of specialization were French politics and society, European politics, U.S. foreign policy, and international relations. He was elected to the American Philosophical Society in 1981. In 1997, Hoffmann was named the Paul and Catherine Buttenwieser University Professor. In addition to his teaching and prolific writing, Hoffmann also participated as an expert in the film The World According to Bush, dealing with the vicissitudes of the Bush administration after the 2000 presidential election. In 1996, Hoffmann received the Balzan Prize for Political Science: Contemporary International Relations from the International Balzan Foundation of Italy and Switzerland. On September 13, 2015, Hoffmann died in Cambridge, Massachusetts at age 86.
Major publications
As sole author
Le Mouvement Poujade, (Paris, Armand Collin, 1956)
The State of War: Essays on the Theory and Practice of International Politics (Praeger, 1965).
Gulliver's Troubles: or, the Setting of American Foreign Policy (McGraw-Hill, 1968).
"International Organization and the International System," International Organization, Vol. 24 No. 3, Summer 1970.
Decline or Renewal? France since the 1930s (Viking Press, 1974).
Primacy or World Order: American Foreign Policy since the Cold War (McGraw-Hill, 1978).
Duties beyond Borders: On the Limits and Possibilities of Ethical International Politics (Syracuse University Press, 1981).
Dead Ends: American Foreign Policy in the New Cold War (Ballinger Publishing, 1983).
Janus and Minerva: Essays in the Theory and Practice of International Politics (Westview Press, 1987).
The European Sisyphus: Essays on Europe, 1964-1994 (Westview Press, 1995).
World Disorders: Troubled Peace in the Post-Cold War Era (Rowman & Littlefield, 1998).
World Disorders: Troubled Peace in the Post-Cold War Era Updated ed.,(Rowman & Littlefield, 2000).
Collaborative work
In Search of France, with Charles Kindleberger, Laurence Wylie, Jesse Pitts, Jean-Baptiste Duroselle, and François Goguel (Harvard University Press, 1963; Harper Torchbook ed., 1965).
The Ethics and Politics of Humanitarian Intervention, with Robert C. Johansen, James P. Sterba, and Raimo Vayrynen (University of Notre Dame Press, 1996).
Gulliver Unbound: America's Imperial Temptation and the War in Iraq, with Frédéric Bozo (Rowman & Littlefield, 2004).
As sole editor
Contemporary Theory in International Relations (Prentice-Hall, 1960).
As co-editor
The Relevance of International Law: Essays in honor of Leo Gross, co-edited with Karl W. Deutsch (Schenkman Publishing, 1968).
Culture and Society in Contemporary Europe: A Casebook, co-edited with Paschalis Kitromilides (Allen & Unwin, 1981).
The Impact of the Fifth Republic on France, co-edited with William G. Andrews (State University of New York Press, 1981).
The Marshall Plan: A Retrospective, co-edited with Charles Maier (Westview Press, 1984).
The Rise of the Nazi Regime: Historical Reassessments, co-edited with Charles S. Maier and Andrew Gould (Westview Press, 1986).
The Mitterrand Experiment: Continuity and Change in Modern France, co-edited with George Ross and Sylvia Malzacher (Polity, 1987).
Rousseau on International Relations, co-edited with David P. Fidler (Oxford University Press, 1991).
The New European Community: Decisionmaking and Institutional Change, co-edited with Robert O. Keohane (Westview Press, 1991).
After the Cold War: International Institutions and State Strategies in Europe, 1989-1991, co-edited with Robert O. Keohane and Joseph S. Nye (Harvard University Press, 1993).
References
External links
Homepage at Harvard
Magnus Feldman, Benoît Pelopidas: Moderation as Courage: The Legacy of Stanley Hoffmann as Scholar and Public Intellectual Tocqueville21, 10 January 2018
1928 births
2015 deaths
Austrian emigrants to France
French political scientists
Sciences Po alumni
Harvard University faculty
Historians of Vichy France
French male writers
International relations scholars
European Union and European integration scholars
Members of the American Philosophical Society
A grape is a fruit that grows on the vines of plants in the genus Vitis.
Grape or Grapes may also refer to:
Grapeshot, a kind of ballistic projectile
Grapes (surname)
Don Cherry (born 1934), Canadian retired hockey player and head coach and commentator, nicknamed "Grapes"
GRAPE, a computer programming environment
Gravity Pipe, a Tokyo University supercomputer (abbreviated GRAPE)
Groovy (programming language) Adaptable Packaging Engine, alternately called the Groovy Advanced Packaging Engine (GRAPE)
Grapes (film), a 2008 Czech film
Gray rape, sometimes shortened to "grape".
Grape Island (disambiguation)
See also
The Grapes (disambiguation)
Grape-kun, a Humboldt penguin who lived in a Japanese zoo
The women's 10,000 metres event at the 1994 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Lisbon, Portugal, at Estádio Universitário de Lisboa on 24 July.
Medalists
Results
Final
24 July
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 19 athletes from 13 countries participated in the event.
References
10,000 metres
Long distance running at the World Athletics U20 Championships
Compass Racing, formerly known as Compass360 Racing is a professional sports car team that competes in IMSA's Continental Tire Sports Car Challenge and SCCA's Pirelli World Challenge.
Racing history
Compass360 Racing won the Continental Tire SportsCar Challenge teams and drivers championships in 2009 and 2010, as well as contributing to manufacturer championships for Acura and Honda in 2006, 2007, 2009, and 2010. The team also won the Canadian Touring Car Championship in 2010. This was followed by championships in the touring car division of the Pirelli World Challenge in 2011, 2013, and 2014.
References
Canadian auto racing teams
WeatherTech SportsCar Championship teams
The Tibesti Hotel is a hotel situated overlooking the harbour of the 23rd July Lake in the city centre of Benghazi, Libya.
Description
At fifteen stories tall, it is a particularly prominent building with 242 rooms.
2011 bomb attack
On 1 June 2011, the hotel came to international attention during the Libyan Civil War when explosives were detonated in a car nearby. A spokesman for the National Transitional Council called the bombing a "cowardly act". It was suspected that an officer was killed, and many people started to shout chants against Muammar Gaddafi while the hotel was being cordoned off.
See also
List of buildings and structures in Libya
References
External links
tebistyhotel.com, hotel's official website
Hotel buildings completed in 1989
Hotels in Benghazi
Suriname first participated at the Olympic Games in 1960, and has sent athletes to compete in most Summer Olympic Games since then. The nation missed the 1964 Games, and also participated in the American-led boycott of the 1980 Summer Olympics. Suriname has never participated in the Winter Olympic Games. Surinamese athletes have won two medals at the summer Olympic games.
The National Olympic Committee for Suriname was created in 1959 and recognized by the International Olympic Committee that same year.
Medal tables
Medals by Summer Games
Medals by sport
List of medalists
See also
List of flag bearers for Suriname at the Olympics
:Category:Olympic competitors for Suriname
Suriname at the Paralympics
External links
Olympics
Fazl Rural District () may refer to:
Fazl Rural District (Hamadan Province)
Fazl Rural District (Razavi Khorasan Province)
Pseudacherusia is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae, containing the following species:
Pseudacherusia bartoni Obenberger, 1940
Pseudacherusia theryi Kerremans, 1905
References
Buprestidae genera
Comontorius was a Celtic king in Thrace who in 278 BC founded the kingdom of Tylis, imposing a tribute on the city of Byzantium. His successor on the throne was Cavarus under whom Tylis was destroyed by the Thracians in 212 BC.
References
Gaulish rulers
Ancient Thrace
3rd-century BC people
Celts
Desmosomatidae is a family of isopods belonging to the order Isopoda.
Genera
Genera:
Balbidocolon Hessler, 1970
Chelantermedia Brix, 2006
Chelator Hessler, 1970
References
Isopoda
Combretum rotundifolium, the monkey brush or monkey brush vine, is a plant species in the genus Combretum found in South America.
Combretum rotundifolium contains acidic dammarane arabinofuranosides.
The bright yellow/red flowers are the decoration of the interior where the color green is in abu. When in blossom the flower buds will slowly burst open giving this exotic vine its 'monkey brush' appearance.
References
Cambess. Fl. Bras. Merid. (quarto ed.) 2(17): 247, pl. 129 1829 [1830]
External links
rotundifolium
Plants described in 1792
it is also a natural food source for animals, for instance a hummingbird. but, also it is a resting place for other animals too.
Koen Garritsen (born 25 March 1983) is a retired Dutch football midfielder.
References
1983 births
Living people
Dutch footballers
AGOVV Apeldoorn players
Fortuna Sittard players
PEC Zwolle players
De Treffers players
Eerste Divisie players
Association football midfielders
Netherlands youth international footballers
Netherlands under-21 international footballers
Bodianus busellatus is a species of wrasse native to tropical and warm temperate waters of the south central Pacific, particularly the Marquesas Islands. This species was described by Martin F. Gomon of the Australian Museum in 2006 with the type locality given as northeast of Matakumu Point on Fatu Hiva in the Marquesas Islands. This species is found only in the Marquesas and Pitcairn Islands.
References
Further reading
Justine, Jean-Lou. "Huffmanela spp.(Nematoda, Trichosomoididae) parasites in coral reef fishes off New Caledonia, with descriptions of H. balista n. sp. and H. longa n. sp." Zootaxa 1628 (2007): 23–41.
Lim, L. H. S., and Jean-Lou Justine. "Haliotrema banana sp. n.(Monogenea: Ancyrocephalidae) from Bodianus perditio (Perciformes: Labridae) off New Caledonia." Folia Parasitologica 54.3 (2007): 203.
External links
busellatus
Taxa named by Martin F. Gomon
Fish described in 2006
Wolsey is a heritage British clothing brand founded in 1755, making it one of the oldest existing textile companies in the world. The brand sells men's clothing and accessories, including a range of knitwear, socks, underwear and scarves. The company holds a Royal Warrant and is based in Leicester, England, where it was originally established. The company name, adopted in 1920 when R Walker & Sons merged with W Tyler and Sons, is a reference to Cardinal Wolsey. 'Wolsey' is a registered trademark.
History
The earliest records relating to the Wolsey business show that Henry Wood was trading in Leicester as a hosier in 1744. Several years later, in 1748 he went into partnership with a man named Job Middleton and they were later joined by John Wrightman in 1750.
Around 1755 Henry Wood dissolved the partnership as he wished to start his own business. Wood died in 1768 and the business was carried on by his widow, and later by his sons and grandsons, under the name of Ann Wood & Sons. In 1842, after the retirement of the last Wood family member, the name was changed to R Walker & Sons.
In 1920, R Walker & Sons merged with W Tyler and Sons. As the business was situated near to Leicester Abbey, the burial place of Cardinal Wolsey, the business established the trading name of 'Wolsey' and as such became one of the first brand names. The company began to trade directly with retailers rather than through a wholesale network, the standard business pattern at the time. It also employed travelling salesmen to service retail accounts and advertised its products across the world. As a result, Wolsey became a household name and in 1935 the Company was awarded its first Royal Warrant.
In the 1960s the company was forced to seek a merger as a result of massive changes in the retail world and became part of Courtaulds. After leaving the Courtauld group, the company was taken over by the Matalan group in 2002. Fergus Patterson was appointed managing director in January 2009.
Products
The company mainly manufactures menswear clothing such as underwear, socks, knitwear and shirts.
References
Further reading
Bramwell G Rudd
COURTAULDS and the HOSIERY & KNITWEAR INDUSTRY
(Carnegie Publishing Ltd) (2014, ISBN softback 978-1-905472-06-2, hardback 978-1-905472-18-5)
External links
1755 establishments in England
Textile companies of the United Kingdom
British Royal Warrant holders
Clothing companies of England
Knitwear manufacturers
Manufacturing companies established in 1755
British companies established in 1755
Katja Loos is professor at the Zernike Institute for Advanced Materials of the University of Groningen, The Netherlands holding the chair of Macromolecular Chemistry and New Polymeric Materials.
Biography
Katja Loos studied chemistry at the Johannes Gutenberg Universität in Mainz, Germany and graduated in 1996. During her graduate studies she focused her studies on Organic Chemistry and Polymer Chemistry. In 1992 and 1993 she was an international exchange student at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst, USA.
In 2001, she received her PhD in Macromolecular Chemistry from the University of Bayreuth, Germany. Her thesis was focused on hybrid materials bearing amylose using enzymatic polymerizations. During her PhD research she worked in 1997 as an international exchange researcher at the Universidade Federal do Rio Grande do Sul, Porto Alegre, Brazil.
In 2001, she received a Feodor Lynen research fellowship of the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation to conduct postdoctoral research at the Polytechnic University in Brooklyn, NY, USA, where she worked on fundamentals of self-assembled monolayers and immobilization supports for biocatalysts.
In 2003, she started an independent research group at the University of Groningen, the Netherlands.
Katja Loos worked as guest professor at the Technical University of Catalonia, Barcelona, Spain in 2006 and at the Technical University Dresden, Germany in 2016.
Research
The research of Loos is currently focused on enzymatic polymerization, especially the biocatalytic synthesis of saccharides, polyamides and furan based polymers, as well as the synthesis and self-assembly of block copolymers using supramolecular motifs and containing ferroelectric blocks.
Loos published over 210 scholarly peer-reviewed publications, various patents and book chapters. Her publications frequently get included in special themed collections of scientific journals like “Women in Polymer Science” from Wiley en “Women at the Forefront of Chemistry” of the American Chemical Society
She is the editor of the only currently available textbook in the field of Enzymatic Polymerizations.
She is editor of the scientific journal Polymer, associate editor of the scientific journals Journal of Renewable Materials and Frontiers in Bioengineering and Biotechnology and member of the editorial advisory board of Advances in Polymer Technology and Polymers. She guest-edited special issues of various scientific journals.
Since 2017 she is a member of the board of the Zernike Institute for Advanced Materials of the University of Groningen. She serves as the vice-chair of the program council Chemistry of Advanced Materials of ChemistryNL, a member of the board of the MaterialenNL Platform and is a member of the board of the Dutch national postgraduate research school Polymer Technology Netherlands (PTN).
Katja Loos is the national representative of the Netherlands to the European Polymer Federation (EPF).
In addition to her research, Katja Loos advocates for diversity in science and open access publishing
Awards and honours
Katja Loos was awarded two travel scholarships of the German Academic Exchange Service (DAAD) for research stays at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst, USA, in 1992 and 1993 and at Universidade Federal do Rio Grande do Sul, Porto Alegre, Brasil, in 1997.
In 2001, she received a Feodor Lynen Fellowship award of the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation to conduct her postdoctoral research.
The Netherlands Organisation for Scientific Research (NWO) awarded her a VIDI innovational research grant in 2009 and a VICI innovational research grant in 2014
In 2016 the Technical University Dresden and the German Research Council (DFG) within the scope of its excellency initiative awarded her the Eleonore Trefftz guest professorship.
The Alexander von Humboldt Foundation awarded Katja Loos in 2019 the Friedrich Wilhelm Bessel Research Award.
In 2019, she was named "Topper of the year" by Science Guide.
She is one of the recipients of the IUPAC 2021 Distinguished Women in Chemistry or Chemical Engineering award.
Katja Loos is a Fellow of the Dutch Polymer Institute (DPI) and the Royal Society of Chemistry (FRSC)
References
External links
Website research group
Information on university website
Profile on NARCIS
Profile on AcademiaNet
External links
1971 births
Living people
University of Groningen faculty
21st-century Dutch chemists
21st-century German chemists
Johannes Gutenberg University Mainz alumni
University of Bayreuth alumni
21st-century Dutch inventors
Women inventors
Scientists from Frankfurt
Polymer scientists and engineers
Polytechnic Institute of New York University alumni
21st-century Dutch women scientists
An Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) cell composed of four British militants was nicknamed "the Beatles" after the British rock group the Beatles by their hostages; the members were nicknamed "John", "Paul", "George", and "Ringo" after the musicians.
They carried out the beheadings in Iraq and Syria in 2014 of American journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff, and British aid workers David Haines and Alan Henning. The group also guarded more than 20 Western hostages of ISIS in Western Raqqa, Syria. They were reportedly harsher than other ISIS guards, torturing captives with electroshock weapons and subjecting them to mock executions (including a crucifixion) and waterboarding.
In November 2015, one of the militants was killed and one was arrested and imprisoned in Turkey; the other two were captured in early 2018, transferred to U.S. military custody, and sentenced to life imprisonment in the U.S. in 2022.
Activities
The group nicknamed "the Beatles" were four or three, British Muslims fighting for the extremist, jihadist Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The group's nickname, and its members' nicknames, "John", "Paul", "George" and "Ringo", were used by the hostages, after the four members of the English rock group The Beatles, due to their regional English accents. The nickname was condemned by English musician and former Beatle Ringo Starr, saying: "It's bullshit. What they are doing out there is against everything The Beatles stood for ... [we] absolutely stood for peace and love." Beatles fans were also outraged.
They took Western hostages for ISIL and guarded more than 20 in cramped cells in Western Raqqa, Syria, beheaded hostages, and made and published videos of their beheadings. They always kept their faces hidden.
The Beatles, who were assigned responsibility for guarding foreign hostages by ISIL commanders, were allegedly harsher than other ISIL guards. One source said: “Whenever the Beatles showed up, there was some kind of physical beating or torture.” According to a freed French hostage, they were the most feared of the jihadists because of their propensity to beat the captives, and their taste for the macabre, which included: use of electric shock taser guns, mock executions (including a crucifixion of Foley), and waterboarding.
At one point, the Beatles were temporarily removed from their guard duties by ISIL because of their excessive brutality.
The Beatles sought to obtain ransoms for their hostages. A former hostage reported that the Beatles bragged that they had been paid millions of dollars in ransoms by certain European countries, enough to retire to Kuwait or Qatar. The group contacted families of some UK hostages, and are believed to have maintained links with their associates and friends in the UK. James Foley's mother, Diane Foley, said in an interview: “their requests were impossible for us, 100 million Euros, or all Muslim prisoners to be freed. The requests from the terrorists were totally directed towards the government, really. And yet we as an American family had to figure out how to answer them.”
The Beatles' cell held at least 23 foreign hostages, nearly all of whom were ransomed or killed.
2014–2015 beheadings
Between the period of August 2014 to January 2015, Jihadi John was involved in the beheadings of American journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff, British humanitarian aid workers David Haines and Alan Henning, American aid worker Peter Kassig, Japanese private military contractor Haruna Yukawa, Japanese journalist Kenji Goto, and 22 members of the Syrian armed forces.
A former ISIS member said that using a British man to carry out the beheadings was likely a deliberate effort by ISIS to “project the image that a European, or a Western person, killed an American so that they can ... appeal to others outside Syria, and make them feel that they belong to the same cause.”
Members
"John"
The jihadist known as "John", the leader of the Beatles and usually referred to as "Jihadi John", was identified by The Washington Post, in February 2015, as Mohammed Emwazi, and appears in a video as Foley's killer. His identity was known to UK and US intelligence agencies in September 2014, but was not released for reasons of operational security. On 12 November 2015, a United States drone aircraft reportedly conducted an airstrike in Raqqa that targeted Emwazi as he left a building and entered a vehicle. US officials said that he was thought to have been killed in what was described as a "flawless" and "clean hit" with no collateral damage, but his death had not been confirmed. In January 2016, ISIL confirmed his death.
"George" and "Ringo"
"George" often spent time repeating sections of the Quran and promoting ISIL's extremist views publicly. He used the nom-de-guerre of "Abu Muhareb", which means "Fighter" in Arabic. The Daily Telegraph erroneously speculated that "George" was the West London jihadist Abdel-Majed Abdel Bary who may have travelled to Syria with fellow jihadist Mohammed Emwazi.
In 2016, Alexanda Kotey, a 32-year-old convert from west London, was identified as a member of the Beatles by The Washington Post and BuzzFeed News. They were uncertain whether he was "George" or "Ringo".
A few months later, another joint investigation by the Washington Post and BuzzFeed identified the last member of the group. El Shafee Elsheikh, a British citizen whose family fled Sudan in the 1990s, is a Londoner who had travelled to Syria in 2012. They were still uncertain whether Elsheikh or Kotey was "George".
In early January 2017, the US State Department froze the assets of Alexanda Kotey but did not confirm he was "George". In late March 2017, the US State Department froze the assets of El Shafee Elsheikh but did not confirm he was "George". In early 2018, Kurdish fighters caught both Kotey and Elsheikh in Syria near the border with Iraq, and handed them over to American officials who confirmed their identities by biometrics and finger prints. The British citizenship of both men was revoked. In 2021 in U.S. Federal Court, Kotey pleaded guilty to "hostage-taking resulting in death and providing material support to the Islamic State group from 2012 to 2015".
According to a former hostage, Elsheikh was "George". However, according to prosecutors in Elsheikh's trial, Elsheikh was "Ringo".
"Paul"
"Paul" played a smaller role in the group and did not appear until later in the detention of some of those held by the Islamic State. Aine Lesley Davis is reported to have been one of the British Islamists assigned to guard Western hostages.
Manhunt
A significant force of the British Special Air Service was deployed to Northern Iraq in late August 2014, and according to former MI6 chief Richard Barrett would be sent to Syria, tasked with trying to track down the Beatles using a range of high-tech equipment and with potentially freeing other hostages. As of September 2014, British intelligence and security agencies, including MI5 and Scotland Yard, aided by GCHQ communication monitoring, were working with the FBI and CIA, and field teams from MI6 and the CIA in Northern Syria, to identify and locate the group. British and US electronic eavesdropping agencies intercepted communications by the group.
Trials
Elsheikh and Kotey (in the US)
Elsheikh and Kotey were captured and in US custody in Iraq, and later transferred to the US. They were stripped of their British nationality in 2018. The possibility of indefinite detention without charge in the Guantanamo detention camp was being considered by US authorities as an alternative to a civilian trial. Another option under consideration was trial at the International Court of Justice in the Hague.
Input into the case against the two men from the UK government was critical to securing a conviction. The UK legal system does not permit assistance in foreign legal cases where a death sentence is possible, but nevertheless Home Secretary Sajid Javid initially agreed to assist the US legally without getting assurances that Kotey and Elsheikh would not face the death penalty, 'in large part because of anticipated outrage among political appointments in the Trump administration'. However, a UK court ruling blocked the sharing of evidence with American authorities unless the death penalty was ruled out. On 18 August 2020 the US government assured the UK government that it would not seek the death penalty.
On 7 October 2020, Alexanda Kotey and El Shafee Elsheikh were brought to the United States to face charges of conspiracy, and hostage taking resulting in death. On 2 September 2021, Kotey pleaded guilty in a US court to charges of conspiring to murder four American hostages. On 14 April 2022, El Sahfee Elsheikh was convicted by a federal jury on eight felony charges for his role in the terrorist cell. Elsheikh and Kotey were sentenced to life imprisonment.
Davis (in Turkey and the UK)
Aine Lesley Davis was arrested in Turkey on 13 November 2015 and tried in 2016, accused of plotting a terror attack there. On 9 May 2017, he was convicted of terrorism offences by a Turkish court and sentenced to seven and a half years in prison. In August 2022 Aine was deported from Turkey and arrested on arrival in the UK. He was charged under the Terrorism Act 2000 provisions of providing money to support terrorism and possessing a firearm for terrorism, and remanded in custody.
See also
John Cantlie
Beheading in Islam
United Kingdom and ISIL
References
Foreign hostages in Syria
Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant members
Islamism-related beheadings
Killing of captives by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant
Kidnappings by Islamists
Terrorist incidents by unknown perpetrators
Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and the United Kingdom
Unidentified criminals
Terrorism deaths in Syria
People beheaded by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant
Filmed killings in Asia
Filmed executions
Filmed executions in Iraq
Kossuth Memorial refers to one of three public monuments dedicated to former Hungarian Regent-President Lajos Kossuth in front of the Hungarian Parliament Building on Lajos Kossuth Square in Budapest. The memorial is an important Hungarian national symbol and scene of official celebrations.
First memorial
After the death of Lajos Kossuth (March 21, 1894) and his sumptuous funeral in Budapest, a public subscription was almost immediately announced to build a memorial for the leader of the 1848 Revolution. During the next years 850,000 forints came together, a huge sum in those days. In 1906 the competition was won by János Horvay after long debates about the style and message of the memorial. Although the public was dissatisfied with Horvay's idea the sculptor began working. Until 1914 all the figures of the group were completed except Kossuth himself but then the work came to a halt because of World War I. The colossal Ruskica marble plinth remained in the quarry in Transylvania and was confiscated by the invading Romanian troops. In the years following the war, Horvay completed the Kossuth statue and a new plinth was made of simple limestone.
The first Kossuth Memorial was officially inaugurated on 6 November 1927 by Governor Miklós Horthy before a crowd of 100,000 people. The speaker of the celebration was Albert Apponyi. The group depicted the members of the first Hungarian parliamentary government: Lajos Kossuth (in the middle), Pál Esterházy, Gábor Klauzál, József Eötvös, István Széchenyi, Prime Minister Lajos Batthyány, Bertalan Szemere, Ferenc Deák, and Lázár Mészáros. Horvay's composition was criticized because Kossuth played only a minor constitutional role in the first cabinet. Art critics condemned the melancholic atmosphere of the memorial and the sculpture remained somewhat unpopular.
Second memorial
In 1950, the government of Mátyás Rákosi, Stalinist dictator of Hungary, ordered the dismantling of the "pessimistic" memorial. Zsigmond Kisfaludi Strobl made a new bronze statue of Kossuth pointing towards a brighter future with a raised hand. Although the sculpture is a typical product of its age, Kisfaludi Strobl was a talented artist who managed to picture Kossuth as a great orator. The new memorial was inaugurated in 1952. The six other figures (among them poet Sándor Petőfi) were made by András Kocsis and Lajos Ungváry. The plinth was clad with red marble blocks. The dismantled Horvay-group was given to the town of Dombóvár in 1959 where the figures were separately re-erected in 1973 in the City Park.
Third memorial
The Hungarian government launched the overall rehabilitation of Kossuth Lajos Square in 2012 after a long period of planning. A parliamentary decision ordered the reconstruction of the historical sculptures of the square as they appeared in 1944. Strobl's Kossuth Memorial was deconstructed, then reassembled in Orczy Park in a different formation. An exact copy of the original sculpture group by Horvay (preserved in Dombóvár) was recreated and unveiled in Kossuth Square in 2014.
References
László Prohászka: Szoborhistóriák, Bp, 2004, pp. 96–99.
Buildings and structures in Budapest
Monuments and memorials in Hungary
Shelby County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of the 2010 United States Census, the population was 44,436. The county seat (and only incorporated city) is Shelbyville.
History
After the American Revolutionary War established US sovereignty over the territory of the upper midwest, the new federal government defined the Northwest Territory in 1787, which included the area of present-day Indiana. In 1800, Congress separated Ohio from the Northwest Territory, designating the rest of the land as the Indiana Territory. President Thomas Jefferson chose William Henry Harrison as the governor of the territory, and Vincennes was established as the capital. After the Michigan Territory was separated and the Illinois Territory was formed, Indiana was reduced to its current size and geography. By December 1816 the Indiana Territory was admitted to the Union as a state.
The Native people who inhabited these areas prior to arrival of European settlers were generally resistant to the loss of their lands. As settlers pushed into the area, treaties signed by some leaders with United States representatives ceded large areas of their territory to the US. Starting in 1794, Native American titles to Indiana lands were extinguished by usurpation, purchase, or war and treaty. The United States acquired land from the Native Americans in the 1809 treaty of Fort Wayne, and by the treaty of St. Mary's in 1818, which included the future Shelby County.
The Indiana State Legislature passed a bill on 31 December 1821 that authorized the creation of four counties, including Shelby. On 1 July 1822 the county was organized, beginning with selecting a site for the county seat.
The new county was named for Gen. Isaac Shelby, who defeated the British at the Battle of Kings Mountain in the Revolutionary War. Shelby then became the first Governor of Kentucky. During the War of 1812, he led the army of Kentucky into Canada, and defeated the British at the decisive Battle of the Thames in 1813.
Geography
The low, rolling hills of Shelby County are lightly carved by drainages, but are otherwise completely devoted to agriculture or urban development. The western edge of the county is drained by Sugar Creek, flowing south-southwestward into Johnson County. The central and SW parts of the county are drained by Big Blue River, flowing south-southwestward into Johnson County. The lower part of the county is drained by Flatrock River, flowing southwestward into Bartholomew County. The terrain slopes to the southwest, with its highest elevations (930 feet/283 meters ASL) along the eastern part of its northern border with Hancock County. According to the 2010 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 99.61%) is land and (or 0.39%) is water.
City and towns
Edinburgh (part)
Fairland
Morristown
St. Paul (part)
Shelbyville (city/county seat)
Unincorporated communities
Beech Brook
Bengal
Blue Ridge
Boggstown
Brookfield
Candleglo Village
Clover Village
Fenns
Flat Rock
Fountaintown
Freeport
Geneva
Green Meadows
Gwynneville
Knighthood Grove
Knighthood Village
Lewis Creek
London
London Heights
Marietta
Marion
Meiks
Meltzer
Middletown
Morven
Mount Auburn
Norristown
Pleasant View
Pleasure Valley
Prescott
Rays Crossing
Rolling Ridge
Sleepy Hollow
Smithland
Sugar Creek
Waldron (census-designated place)
Walkerville
Wilson Corner
Townships
Addison
Brandywine
Hanover
Hendricks
Jackson
Liberty
Marion
Moral
Noble
Shelby
Sugar Creek
Union
Van Buren
Washington
Adjacent counties
Hancock County - north
Rush County - east
Decatur County - southeast
Bartholomew County - south
Johnson County - west
Marion County - northwest
Major highways
Interstate 65
Interstate 74
U.S. Route 52
U.S. Route 421
Indiana State Road 9
Indiana State Road 44
Indiana State Road 244
Indiana State Road 252
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in Shelbyville have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1994 and a record high of was recorded in July 1954. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in May.
2010 Census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 44,436 people, 17,302 households, and 12,221 families in the county. The population density was . There were 19,080 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 95.4% white, 1.0% black or African American, 0.5% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 1.6% from other races, and 1.2% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 3.7% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 28.5% were German, 13.1% were American, 12.2% were Irish, and 9.0% were English.
Of the 17,302 households, 33.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.4% were married couples living together, 10.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 29.4% were non-families, and 24.5% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 2.98. The median age was 39.9 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,697 and the median income for a family was $60,824. Males had a median income of $46,325 versus $32,416 for females. The per capita income for the county was $26,398. About 7.4% of families and 10.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including 13.7% of those under age 18 and 10.5% of those age 65 or over.
Government
The county government is a constitutional body, and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana, and by the Indiana Code.
County Council: The legislative branch of the county government; controls spending and revenue collection in the county. Representatives are elected to four-year terms from county districts. They set salaries, the annual budget, and special spending. The council has limited authority to impose local taxes, in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval, excise taxes, and service taxes.
Board of Commissioners: The executive body of the county; commissioners are elected county-wide to staggered four-year terms. One commissioner serves as president. The commissioners execute the acts legislated by the council, collect revenue, and manage the county government.
Court: Three State Trial Courts sit in the Courthouse located at 407 S. Harrison Street, Shelbyville, Indiana 46176. Shelby Circuit Court was established by the Indiana Constitution. Shelby Superior Courts 1 and 2 were created by Acts of the Legislature. Shelby Superior Court 2 handles the small claims. Cases are allocated between the Courts by Local Court Rules. The judges of the Shelby Cirucit and Superior Courts are elected to six (6) year terms and must be admitted to practice law in the State of Indiana. Appeals from Shelby County Trial Courts are made to the Indiana Court of Appeals.
County Officials: The county has other elected offices, including sheriff, coroner, auditor, treasurer, recorder, surveyor, and circuit court clerk. These officials are elected to four-year terms. Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and to be residents of the county.
Political culture
Demographics
Notable people
Isaac Colton Ash, Los Angeles, California, City Council member, 1925–27
George W. Clarke, governor of Iowa, 1913–1917
Edith Jones Woodward, astronomer, born in Waldron in 1914
Kid Quill, hip hop/rap
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Shelby County, Indiana
References
Indiana counties
1821 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1821
Indianapolis metropolitan area
Tereza Huříková (born 11 February 1987 in Vimperk) is a Czech professional road cyclist and mountain biker. Throughout her sporting career, she has won numerous Czech national championship titles in women's cross-country, road races and time trial, and more importantly, a prestigious gold medal in the junior time trial at the 2004 UCI World Championships. Huříková later represented the Czech Republic, as a 20-year-old junior, at the 2008 Summer Olympics, and also rode for and Česká Spořitelna MTB Cycling Teams since she turned professional in 2006. Currently, Huříková trains and races under an exclusive, two-year sponsorship contract for Germany's Central Haibike Pro Team, along with her teammate and 2008 Olympic champion Sabine Spitz.
Racing career
Before her professional sporting career, Huříková had sought global headlines, as a junior road rider and a member of the Czech cycling team, at the 2004 UCI World Championships in Verona, Italy, where she claimed her first and only gold medal in the women's time trial.
In 2006, Huříková turned her sights to and took up seriously as an elite athlete in mountain biking. She flourished her first career success at the Czech MTB National Championships, and later mounted top three finishes in the women's cross-country races at the European Championships, UCI World Cup, and Race Under The Sun Cup Series (Cyprus) in that same year. Strong results in cross-country mountain biking landed her a spot on the Česká Spořitelna MTB Team, followed by short, yet succeeding stints on Italy's for a single season.
Huříková qualified for the Czech squad, as a lone female rider, in the women's cross-country race at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing by receiving an automatic berth both from UCI and Czech Cycling Union, based on her best performance at the World Cup series and Mountain Biking World Rankings. Since the start of a 4.8-km cross-country course, Huříková immediately became the major casualty on the initial lap, as she had been collided with another cyclist and then suffered from a mild rib fracture by falling off into the treacherous, rocky course path. Because of a heavy fall at the very start, Huříková officially failed to complete the full distance of the course.
Shortly after the Olympics, Huříková left on her second stint for her nation's Česká Spořitelna MTB Team. In 2009, she managed to restore from her disheartening Olympic stint by capturing two tournament titles each in women's road race and time trial at the joint Czech and Slovak Championships in Bánovce nad Bebravou, Slovakia, signifying her sudden return to road cycling. At the end of 2009 season, Huříková decided to join the Spanish mountain biking team Trek-Lorca Taller del Tiempo for the succeeding season, and signed exclusively under a three-year contract. While competing for Team Trek-Lorca, she capped a successful 2010 season by delivering a sensational surprise bronze medal for her Czech squad in mixed relay at the European MTB Championships in Haifa, Israel.
At the start of the 2011 season, Huříková confirmedly joined with her teammate and 2008 Olympic champion Sabine Spitz for three seasons on Germany's Central Haibike Pro Team, as her short cycling stint with Team Trek-Lorca had been disbanded due to bankruptcy and lack of sponsorship.
Career achievements
2004
UCI World Championships (ITT, Junior), Verona (ITA)
2005
UCI World Championships (ITT, Junior), Salzburg (AUT)
3rd Overall, Eko Tour Dookola Polski, Poland
1st Stage 3
8th UCI World Championships (Road, Junior), Salzburg (AUT)
2007
1st Czech Championships (ITT), Brno (CZE)
2nd Czech Championships (Cross-country race), Czech Republic
2nd Race Under the Sun (Cross-country race), Limassol (CYP)
3rd European Championships (Cross-country race, U23), Turkey
14th UCI World Championships (ITT), Stuttgart (GER)
2008
3rd European Championships (Cross-country race, U23), Sankt Wendel (GER)
2009
1st Czech and Slovak Championships (Road), Bánovce nad Bebravou (SVK)
1st Czech and Slovak Championships (ITT), Bánovce nad Bebravou (SVK)
2010
3rd Czech Championships (Cross-country race), Kuřim (CZE)
3rd European Championships (Cross-country race, Team relay), Haifa (ISR)
2012
1st Czech and Slovak Championships (Road), Czech Republic
2013
1st Czech and Slovak Championships (Road), Czech Republic
References
External links
NBC 2008 Olympics profile
Cyclist Profile – Central Haibike Pro Team
1987 births
Living people
Czech female cyclists
Cross-country mountain bikers
Cyclists at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Olympic cyclists of the Czech Republic
People from Vimperk
Cyclists at the 2015 European Games
European Games competitors for the Czech Republic
Sportspeople from the South Bohemian Region
Kamarak or Kamrak () may refer to:
Kamarak, Afghanistan
Kamarak, Iran
Uchanie is a village in Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Uchanie. It lies approximately north-west of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
Upon the German invasion of Poland in 1939, Uchanie had a population of 1,161 Jews. The Jewish population was sent to nearby Hrubieszów, from where they were sent to the Sobibór extermination camp. The Jewish community ceased to exist.
References
Uchanie
Kholm Governorate
The Council of Capharthutha (also Kafartut or Kafr Tut) was a synod of the Syriac Orthodox Church held in February 869 AD under Patriarch John IV of Antioch. It was called to resolve the differences between the Patriarch of Antioch and the Maphrian of the East over their ecclesiastical jurisdiction in Mesopotamia and Persia. It aimed to regulate mutual relations and to resolve some difficulties that were frequently arising between two centers.
Canons
The assembly codified eight canons preserved in Bar Hebraeus' 13th-century nomocanon, the Kthobo d-Hudoye (Book of Guides):
The bishops and the monks in the Mar Mathai's Monastery, should submit to and obey the Maphrian whose seat is in Tigris
The Patriarch should not interfere in the administration of the Church in the Tigris, unless when invited. In the same way the maphrian should not interfere in the Patriarchal See
When the Maphrian is present along with the Patriarch of Antioch he should be seated immediately at the right hand side of the Patriarch. The name of the Maphrian shall be mentioned immediately after that of the Patriarch, in the liturgy; and he should receive the Holy Qurobo after the Patriarch
When a Maphrian is alive, a Patriarch should not be installed without his concurrence, otherwise, the orientals shall have the right to install the Maphrian by themselves. The question of who should perform the laying on of hands on the new Patriarch - i.e., the Maphrian or the President of the Synod, shall be decided by four bishops, two each elected by the orientals and the westerners (Antiochan) respectively
The Archdiocese of Kurdu, Beth-Sabdaya and also Najran, provided, the Arabs agree to it, shall vest with Tigris administration
The mutual excommunications between the orientals and the Antiochans shall be withdrawn
A final decision was taken about the three bishops consecrated by the Patriarch in the see of the Maphrian
A bishop excommunicated by the Maphrian shall also be considered as excommunicated by the Patriarch
Maphrian
The word Maphrian is an analogue of the Greek (), meaning 'concerning the whole', 'universal' or 'general'. It was a title that existed in the Roman Empire where a government representative who was in charge of a large area was called a . The churches later started to use this term for their chief bishops.
Maphriyono ('Maphrian') is derived from the Syriac word , 'to make fruitful', or 'one who gives fecundity'. This title be used exclusively for the head of the Syriac Orthodox Church in the East. From the mid 13th century onwards, a few occupants of the Maphrianate were also titled catholicos, but the title never came into extensive usage.
According to one of the most famous Maphriyans, Mar Gregorios Bar Ebraya (Bar Hebraeus), the Apostle Thomas was the first in the Apostolic succession of the East. Bar Ebraya did not believe that the Eastern Church was an integral part of the Antiochian Church, due to the historical context of the time in which he lived. He did, however, vigorously defend his rights, as dictated by the church canons.
Notes
Sources
Syriac Orthodox Church
Oriental Orthodoxy in Asia
History of Christianity in Asia
869
Capharthutha
Amalija Pihajlić (born 4 July 1944) is a Serbian chess player who holds the FIDE title of Woman International Master (1977). She is a two-time winner of the Yugoslav Women's Chess Championship (1973, 1977).
Biography
In the 1980s Pihajlić was one of the leading Yugoslav women's chess players. She twice won the Yugoslav Women's Championship in 1973 and 1977. In 1977, she was awarded the FIDE Woman International Master (WIM) title. In 1982, Pihajlić participated at Women's World Chess Championship Interzonal Tournament in Tbilisi and ranked 12th place.
Pihajlić played for Yugoslavia in the Women's Chess Olympiads:
In 1978, at third board in the 8th Chess Olympiad (women) in Buenos Aires (+6, =5, -2).
References
External links
1944 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Pančevo
Serbian female chess players
Yugoslav female chess players
Chess Woman International Masters
Chess Olympiad competitors
The sinking of the Titanic was one of the deadliest maritime disasters in history.
Sinking of the Titanic may also refer to:
The Sinking of the Titanic (Bryars), 1972 minimalist composition
The Sinking of the Titanic and Great Sea Disasters, 1912 book by Logan Marshall
Der Untergang der Titanic, 1978 poem by Hans Magnus Enzensberger
Der Untergang der Titanic, 1979 operatic adaptation by Wilhelm Dieter Siebert
See also
Titanic in popular culture
Rebecca Dines is an Australian actress, best known to television viewers for her performance as Vicki McPherson during the final year (1986) of the drama series Prisoner.
Biography
Dines was born in Queensland, Australia. She graduated from Queensland University with a BA in English and drama, before going to Sydney to study acting at the Q Theatre from 1980 to 1983. She moved to London in 1988, before moving to the United States in 1989, concentrating on theatre work.
Her recent work includes her critically acclaimed role as Tekla in Strindberg's Creditors at the Aurora Theatre in Berkeley, CA.
In 2017, Rebecca was awarded Outstanding Actress In A Lead Role from Theatre Tampa Bay for playing Margie Walsh in Good People by David Lindsay-Abaire at American Stage Company in St. Petersburg, FL. She has previously received Best Actress and Best Supporting Actress awards from the Bay Area Theatre Critics Circle as well as several Dramalogue awards for Performance.
She has performed in 19 productions to date, for Palo Alto-based Theatreworks, as well as appearing for the Kansas City, Berkeley, San Jose, and South Coast Repertory theatres, the Magic and B Street theatres, Capital Stage Company, American Stage Company (FL) and the Laguna Playhouse, as well as a variety of Shakespeare Festivals including Lake Tahoe, San Francisco and Sydney. She recently joined the North American touring company of Blithe Spirit starring Angela Lansbury appearing at the Ahmanson Theatre in Los Angeles, San Francisco, Toronto and DC.
Filmography
References
External links
Rebecca Dines' official website
Actresses from Queensland
Australian film actresses
Australian soap opera actresses
Australian stage actresses
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
20th-century Australian actresses
21st-century Australian actresses
Tanitoluwa Emmanuel Adewumi (born September 3, 2010) is a Nigerian-American chess player who currently holds the title of FIDE Master (FM). A chess prodigy, he won the 2019 K-3 New York State chess championship at the age of 8 after playing the game for only a year while living with his refugee family in a homeless shelter in Manhattan.
Early life
Tanitoluwa is the son of Kayode James Adewumi (born June 24, 1976, Ado Ekiti, Nigeria) and Oluwatoyin Kuburat Adewumi (born June 16, 1981, Ado Ekiti). He has a brother, Adesina Austin, who is seven years older. Kayode used to run a print shop in the Nigerian capital, Abuja, with 13 employees, and Oluwatoyin used to work as an accountant.
The family is devoutly Christian and said they were threatened with violence by the Islamist terrorist organization Boko Haram. In June 2017, they left Nigeria for the United States and sought religious asylum. Philip Falayi, a pastor in Queens, New York, gave them temporary accommodation, and connected them with the New York City Department of Homeless Services. They were given a place to stay in a homeless shelter in Manhattan. Kayode took work as a dishwasher and as an Uber driver in a rented car and Oluwatoyin as a and Tanitoluwa enrolled in elementary school P.S. 116.
Career
Austin had taught Tanitoluwa a chess-like game called "Latter", using a homemade board and pieces made from Play-Doh.
Shawn Martinez, the head chess coach at P.S. 116, introduced students to the game. Tanitoluwa immediately took to it and wanted to join a club run by 1700-rated coach Russell Makofsky. That would have been expensive; the $330 fee included not only the cost of running the club, but also such things as entries to tournaments, travel, and accommodation. When Adewumi's mother told Makofsky of the family's financial situation, he waived the fee. In early 2018, Adewumi, who had been assigned the lowest estimated rating of 105, played in his first tournament. A year later, he had accumulated seven trophies. His coaches were impressed by his dedication and hard work and by the progress he had made since starting as a novice.
On March 9–10, 2019, he competed in the 52nd Annual New York State Scholastic Championships (kindergarten-3rd grade division) in Saratoga Springs, New York. He was seeded eighth in a field of 74 with an Elo rating of 1473, more than 200 behind the top rated players. Some of the contestants were from well-to-do families who could afford private coaches. He won the event outright with a score of 5.5/6 (five wins, one draw, no losses). His style of play is aggressive: his coaches were shocked when in his fourth game he sacrificed a bishop for a pawn, which was the best move according to a chess engine.
On May 1, 2021, at only 10 years old, Adewumi crossed the 2200 Elo rating threshold needed to achieve the official USCF title of National Master, making him the 28th-youngest chess player in history ever to do so.
In August, he won the under-12 division of the North American Youth Chess Championship with a score of 8/9. He became a FIDE Master, having surpassed a FIDE rating of 2300 in November 2021.
In April 2022, he scored 7.0/9 in the New York Spring Invitational Norm event, earning his first IM norm. In July 2022, he scored 7.0/9 in the New York Summer Invitational, winning the IM C event and earning his second IM norm.
Reception and media
In 2019, the story of his winning the New York Scholastics was reported by Nicholas Kristof in the New York Times, and rapidly attracted national and international attention both inside and outside the chess world. agadmator, a leading YouTube chess streamer, published an analysis of Adewumi's only available game from the tournament. Garry Kasparov, former World Chess Champion, praised this achievement by a refugee immigrant. Bill Clinton, former U.S. president, invited him to visit him in his office in Harlem, New York, and he did. Abike Dabiri, Senior Special Assistant on Foreign Affairs and Diaspora to Nigerian president Muhammadu Buhari, called him "a pride to the nation". On March 30, 2019, he visited the Saint Louis Chess Club in Missouri, where the U.S. Chess Championship was then in progress, and played several friendly blitz (5 minutes for each player) games, his opponents including Hikaru Nakamura (GM, five-time U.S. Chess Champion), Jennifer Yu (WGM, 2019 U.S. Women's Chess Champion), and Fabiano Caruana (GM, who had challenged the titleholder, Magnus Carlsen, for the World Chess Championship in November 2018), and was interviewed by Maurice Ashley, the world's first black GM.
His coaches set up a GoFundMe site shortly after the New York competition, with the target of raising $50,000 for the family by crowdfunding. It raised $254,000 in ten days. Benefactors also offered non-monetary help; including accommodation, a car, academic scholarships, chess books, and pro bono (i.e., free) assistance by immigration lawyers with their asylum application. They accepted one of the more modest offers of accommodation, declined the scholarship offers out of loyalty to P.S. 116, gave one-tenth of the donated money as a tithe to the church which had helped them, and put the rest into a 501(c)(3) trust called the Tanitoluwa Adewumi Foundation to help other children in similar circumstances.
He has expressed an ambition to become the youngest ever chess grandmaster. Three film companies bid on the rights to his story; Paramount Pictures won. A biography, My Name Is Tani, was published on April 14, 2020.
Notes
References
External links
Living people
2010 births
Nigerian emigrants to the United States
Nigerian chess players
American chess players
American children
Nigerian children
Refugees in the United States
Child refugees
Yoruba sportspeople
American people of Yoruba descent
African-American chess players
People from Ekiti State
Nigerian refugees
21st-century African-American people
Chess FIDE Masters
A retinue is a body of persons "retained" in the service of a noble, royal personage, or dignitary; a suite (French "what follows") of retainers.
Etymology
The word, recorded in English since circa 1375, stems from Old French retenue, itself from retenir, from the Latin retenere: to hold back or retain.
Employment
Such retainers were not necessarily in the domestic service or otherwise normally close to the presence of their lord, but also include others who wore his livery (a kind of uniform, in distinctive colours) and claimed his protection, such as musicians and tutors.
Some were a source of trouble and abuse in the 15th and early 16th century.
Often their real importance was very different from their rank: on the one hand, sinecures and supernumerary appointments allowed enjoying benefits without performing full service. On the other hand, 'having the ear' of the master can allow one to act as a confidant in an informal capacity; or in some cases, even as a spy, under the guise of an innocent musician.
The term is sometimes used in the context of the supporters or followers of a medieval knight or great lord, such as Richard, Earl of Salisbury in 15th-century England, which he called upon during the Wars of the Roses.
Historical examples
Cohors amicorum
Comitatus
Druzhina in Rus
Manrent, a Scottish clan bond
Svita
See also
Bodyguard
Great house
References
External links
Etymonline
Court titles
Obsolete occupations
William Thomas Burns (January 27, 1880 – June 6, 1953), nicknamed "Sleepy Bill", was an American baseball player who played as a pitcher in Major League Baseball (MLB) for five different teams from 1908 to 1912. He earned his nickname for his noticeable lack of intensity on the mound. Burns was best known for his involvement in the alleged fixing of the 1919 World Series, dubbed the Black Sox Scandal.
Baseball career
Burns played in the minor leagues from 1906 to 1907. In 1907, he won a career-high 24 games with the Los Angeles Angels of the Pacific Coast League.
In his five-year MLB career, Burns played for the Washington Senators, Chicago White Sox, Cincinnati Reds, Philadelphia Phillies, and Detroit Tigers. In his rookie season, 1908, Burns had a 1.69 earned run average (ERA), which was sixth best in the American League. However, he had an MLB career record of 30–52 as a pitcher and never won more than eight games in a season.
Pitching against the Tigers on May 21, 1908, Burns' bid for a no-hitter ended after 8 2/3 innings when Germany Schaefer singled to drive in the game's only run. On July 31, 1909, now pitching for the White Sox against Walter Johnson and the Senators, Burns again was one out from a no-hitter when it was broken up. This made him the first pitcher in baseball history to suffer this fate twice, a feat not repeated until Dave Stieb lost no-hitters with two outs in the ninth inning in consecutive starts on September 24 and 30, 1988. Stieb would go on to break Burns' record on August 4, 1989, this time losing a perfect game with one out to go.
After his major league career ended, Burns played in the minor leagues from 1912 to 1917.
Black Sox Scandal
Prior to the start of the 1919 World Series, a group of players from the Chicago White Sox agreed to intentionally lose the series in exchange for money from gamblers. Burns met with Eddie Cicotte and Chick Gandil at The Ansonia, a hotel in New York City during the formative stages of the event.
It is likely that Burns operated on behalf of Arnold Rothstein, a New York businessman and gambler. Burns relayed messages back and forth between the players who had agreed to fix the games and a person whose initials were "A .R.". Burns lost money betting on the series.
After news of the scandal broke, a trial took place in Chicago. During this trial, Burns served as a witness for the prosecution. Assistant State Attorney Edward Prindeville examined Burns during the trial. Burns testified:
I told them I had the hundred thousand dollars to handle the throwing of the World Series. I also told them that I had the names of the men who were going to finance it. I told them they were waiting below.
In the 1988 film Eight Men Out, Burns was portrayed by actor Christopher Lloyd.
References
External links
1880 births
1953 deaths
Major League Baseball pitchers
Washington Senators (1901–1960) players
Chicago White Sox players
Cincinnati Reds players
Philadelphia Phillies players
Detroit Tigers players
Minor league baseball managers
Los Angeles Angels (minor league) players
Minneapolis Millers (baseball) players
Louisville Colonels (minor league) players
Oakland Oaks (baseball) players
Baseball players from Texas
People from San Saba, Texas
Mount Carmel Junction and Mount Carmel are unincorporated communities located east of Zion National Park and north of Kanab in Kane County, Utah, United States. They lie in close proximity to the Coral Pink Sand Dunes State Park.
Mount Carmel Junction sits at the junction of U.S. Route 89 and State Route 9 in southwestern Utah. Mount Carmel is one mile (1.6 km) north of the junction. Mount Carmel Junction is set in the high desert of the Colorado Plateau.
History
The Virgin Anasazi were the prehistoric settlers in the area. Among other areas, nearby Parunuweap (East Fork of the Virgin River) contains evidence to their presence. This group occupied the area until about the 13th century. The people were agriculturalists who maintained a diet of mostly maize.
Settlement
Doctor Priddy Meeks settled the town of Winsor in 1864, at the site of present day Mount Carmel Junction, as part of Brigham Young's plan to settle all of Utah Territory. In 1865 more settlers were sent by the church. Nearby Orderville and Glendale (called Berryville at this time) were also being settled. Before long, Indians forced them to leave the area. It was not until 7 years later in 1871 that the settlers returned and this time settled down permanently. This time the town was settled in the name of Mount Carmel to honor the mountain in Palestine. In 1875 Elder Howard O. Spencer presided over Mount Carmel and Glendale. He reported that most homes were temporary, but permanent structures were underway. Doctor Meeks moved to Orderville in 1876 where he died at the age of 91. He left behind two wives and several children.
Only two families ever settled in Mount Carmel Junction, and one was Jack and Fern Morrison. Jack contemplated the idea that a road must be built connecting Zion Canyon to the east side of the park. Jack explored the area and came to the conclusion that the road must come down in the area now known as Mount Carmel Junction. There were old wagon trails that Jack used to navigate his way down to the valley. The hills were steep forcing Jack to attach a Cedar tree to the back of his Model-T-Ford. Jack was patient and in 1931 he was able to homestead the land now known as Mount Carmel Junction. The land was unkind. It was covered with gullies, quicksand and many layers of sand. The area was also prone to violent flash floods. Jack and Fern lost two children in the flash floods of the East Fork of the Virgin River that runs through the junction. The East Fork of the Virgin River is now known as Parunuweap. Jack died in 1961, from cancer after serving in the war and spending much of his life working in the coal mines. Fern, a strong willed and hardworking woman continued to build. She lived to the age of 90, dying in 1998.
Artist Maynard Dixon, famed for his paintings of the American West, built a summer home in Mount Carmel Junction in 1939. After his death in Tucson, Arizona, in 1946, his ashes were buried on a high bluff above the Mount Carmel art studio being built on the property.
John Wesley Powell - Parunuweap
John Wesley Powell visited the area as part of the Powell Survey of 1872. He was the first European-American to descend the East Fork of the Virgin River from the current location of Mount Carmel Junction to Shunesburg. A plaque can be found at the edge of the river, just east of the Zion National Park boundary in the East Fork, that reads:
"Major John Wesley Powell 1834-1902 explorer, scientist, Steven V. Jones 1840-1920 teacher, topographer, Joseph W. Young 1829-1873 Mormon pioneer leader, Descended Labyrinth Falls 1/2 mile below Monday, September 30, 1872 during first Parunuweap Canyon traverse. Powell named this canyon from the Paiute Indian word 'Parunuweap' which means roaring water canyon. Dedicated September 30, 1972."
Historic Rock Church
The Historic Rock Church in Mount Carmel was used to school the children living in the Mount Carmel area. The log building was built in 1880 and used as a church, school house and recreation hall. In 1890 it was converted into the stone structure. "The rock for the building was hauled by team and wagon from a hill about a mile south of town. Later a lumber wing was added, making it into a two-room school. At first the floors were of rough pine lumber. Then hardwood floors were installed, which made them 'nicer for dancing.'" In 1919 it burned down. In 1923 it was rebuilt, this time with rock. After the small building was rebuilt, the rock structure was used almost entirely as a church. The children who once attended school in the log building rode to nearby Orderville in a covered wagon each day to attend school. The Historic Rock Church is on the National Register of Historic Places.
Zion-Mount Carmel Highway History
In 1919, a Congressional bill designating Zion National Park was signed into law. In 1923 the task of finding a way to open Zion Canyon to the east side of the park began. Four different routes were considered including two options through Parunuweap and another through North Creek. The route chosen went up the side of Pine Creek canyon on switchbacks, through a tunnel and then along Clear Creek to the east boundary of the park, and hence to US-89 at Mount Carmel Junction. Construction work on the Zion-Mount Carmel Tunnel and the Zion-Mount Carmel Highway began in 1927. The tunnel especially was considered quite an engineering feat for the time, requiring boring through solid rock. July 4, 1930, the tunnel and highway were dedicated, linking Zion Canyon to the land east of the park and making it easier to visit Grand Canyon and Bryce Canyon National Parks.
Geology
The north-south trending Sevier Fault is east of the main highway through Mount Carmel Junction. Sandstone cliffs lie to the south and the White Cliffs of the Grand Staircase can be seen to the east. About halfway between Mount Carmel Junction and Kanab are the Coral Pink Sand Dunes. North on U.S. Route 89 are hoodoo formations similar to those in Bryce Canyon and Cedar Breaks. The Middle Jurassic Carmel Formation, named after Mount Carmel, is well exposed in this area.
References
Mount Carmel area history
Long Valley History
Spectrum
John Wesley Powell. Exploration of the Colorado River and Its Canyons (1875)
External links
Orderville, Utah
Populated places established in 1864
U.S. Route 89
Transportation in Kane County, Utah
Laiq Muhammad Khan is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2010 to 2013.
Political career
He was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-21 (Mansehra-II) as a candidate of Jamiat Ulema-e Islam (F) (JUI-F) in by-polls held in January 2010. He received 36,622 votes and defeated Zur Gul Khan, a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (Q) (PML-Q).
He ran for the seat of the National Assembly from Constituency NA-21 (Mansehra-cum-Tor Ghar) as a candidate of JUI-F in 2013 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful. He received 43,342 votes and lost the seat to Muhammad Safdar Awan.
In 2015, he left JUI-F and joined Pakistan Muslim League (N) (PML-N).
He was elected to the Provincial Assembly of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa as a candidate of Awami National Party (ANP) from Constituency PK-35 (Torghar) in 2018 Pakistani general election. Following his successful election, he was named by the opposition parties as its joint candidate for the office of Speaker of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Assembly. He received 27
votes and lost the seat to Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) candidate Mushtaq Ahmed Ghani who secured 81 votes.
References
Awami National Party MPAs (Khyber Pakhtunkhwa)
Living people
People from Mansehra District
Swati
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Year of birth missing (living people)
At the Cafe Bohemia, Vol. 2 is a 1956 live album release by the Jazz Messengers. It was first released by Blue Note Records. This record featured the original incarnation of The Jazz Messengers, one of Art Blakey's most endearing bands, and was the second of two volumes recorded at Café Bohemia, a famous night club in Greenwich Village in New York, New York on November 23, 1955.
Reception
This album, which sees the first version of The Jazz Messengers on record, was noted as not "match[ing] the intensity which the quintet secured at Birdland." Tenor saxophonist Hank Mobley, in particular, is noted as "a somewhat unfocused stylist." However, trumpeter Kenny Dorham is seen as an "elusive brilliance [that] was seldom so extensively captured" and the playing in general "is just as absorbing" as the Birdland albums and has "influenced jazz up to present time."
With the July 31, 2001 CD re-issue, three additional tracks from this night were added: "Just One for Those Things", "Hank´s Symphony" and "Gone With The Wind".
Track listing
Personnel
Art Blakey — drums
Kenny Dorham — trumpet
Hank Mobley — tenor saxophone
Horace Silver — piano
Doug Watkins — bass
Production
Bob Bluementhal, Leonard Feather — liner notes
Michael Cuscuna — reissue producer
John Hermansader — cover design
Alfred Lion — producer
Rudy Van Gelder — digital remastering
Francis Wolff — photography
References
Albums produced by Alfred Lion
Albums produced by Michael Cuscuna
Art Blakey live albums
The Jazz Messengers live albums
1956 live albums
Blue Note Records live albums
Albums recorded at the Café Bohemia
Sequel albums
Mark Simms (born 1981) is a Canadian filmmaker, community activist and martial artist.
Life
Mark Simms was born in Toronto, Ontario and grew up in Jane and Finch alongside childhood friend, Paul Nguyen. Simms is the executive producer for the community website, Jane-Finch.com. He is a 2nd Dan black belt in Taekwondo and has competed and won multiple provincial tournaments. He frequently appears as a motivational speaker and guest lecturer for events aimed at children and youth. He is a recipient of the 2011 Ontario Volunteer Service Award from the Ministry of Citizenship, Immigration and International Trade. In 2016, Simms appeared on CBC's Marketplace to investigate racism in Canada.
Media
Simms is an outspoken advocate for the Jane and Finch community. He comments on issues of gangs, drugs and crime.
In 2006, Simms opposed the installation of police cameras in Jane and Finch on CBC's Metro Morning with Andy Barrie. In 2007, he spoke out on behalf of the Manners family during the 2007 murder of Jordan Manners.
Advocacy
Simms has commented on various topics and issues surrounding the Jane and Finch area.
December 28, 2005 - Simms appeared on Global News to talk about gang warfare.
November 9, 2005 - Simms appeared on CBC News: Today with Nancy Wilson to talk about the underground documentary, 'The Real Toronto'.
August 1, 2006 - Simms on Radio Canada International to talk about street gangs in Toronto.
May 24, 2007, Simms appeared on CBC News Morning with Heather Hiscox to talk about the Jordan Manners shooting.
May 24, 2007, Simms appeared on CTV's The Verdict with Paula Todd to discuss the Jordan Manners shooting.
June 21, 2007 - Simms spoke to CBC News host Nancy Wilson about gangs and the 'no-snitch' culture.
Summer 2007, Simms discusses his involvement with the fifth estate documentary Lost in the Struggle in the Ryerson Review of Journalism.
October 6, 2008 - Simms appeared on the CBC French Radio program Désautel to talk about gang crime in Jane and Finch.
January 12, 2010, Simms appeared on Sun TV to discuss Jane-Finch.com's impact to the Jane and Finch community.
May 20, 2011, Simms spoke to host Karen Horsman on CBC's Metro Morning to express the community's feelings of the non-guilty verdict in the Jordan Manners' trial.
February 26, 2016, Simms spoke to host Sheila Coles on CBC's Morning Edition talking about his experience with racism in Canada.
Broadcast
Simms spent 10 months as a cameraman and associate producer documenting the lives of gang-involved youth from Jane and Finch for CBC's the fifth estate in the Gemini Award-nominated Lost in the Struggle. The film featured Vietnamese-Canadian rapper, Chuckie Akenz.
Lost in the Struggle: The Next Chapter (associate producer) (CBC Television, the fifth estate, 2012)
If Justice Fails (actor) (CBC Television, the fifth estate, 2007)
Ian Jones: Activist and Artist, How the Steelpan is Changing Lives (editor) (Bravo!/Leda Serene Films, 2007)
Lost in the Struggle (associate producer) (CBC Television, the fifth estate, 2006)
Short films
Uncle Bob and his Vietnamese Children (producer), Jane-Finch (2010)
Know Your Rights (cast), Jane-Finch.com (2010)
Hustle On by Blacus Ninjah (director), Jane-Finch.com (2005)
References
External links
http://www.jane-finch.com
http://www.cbc.ca/fifth/lostinthestruggle/filmmaker.html
http://www.cbc.ca/metromorning/episodes/2011/05/20/were-always-shafted/
http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/toronto/story/2007/05/24/school-shooting-070524.html
CTV.ca
https://nationalpost.com/news/story.html?id=62c72629-98b1-4b3e-bbb9-1e77fade5d3a&p=2
http://thevarsity.ca/articles/15811
http://caribbeantales.ca/heartbeat/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=43&Itemid=27
1981 births
Activists from Toronto
Canadian community activists
Canadian television journalists
Film directors from Toronto
Living people
Canadian film producers
Canadian people of Jamaican descent
Journalists from Toronto
Black Canadian filmmakers
Arie Nicolaas Habermann (26 June 1932 – 8 August 1993), often known as Nico Habermann, was a noted Dutch computer scientist.
Habermann was born in Groningen, Netherlands, and earned his B.S. in mathematics and physics and M.S. in mathematics from the Free University of Amsterdam in 1953 and 1958. After working as a mathematics teacher, in 1967 he received his Ph.D. in applied mathematics from the Eindhoven University of Technology under advisor Edsger Dijkstra.
In 1968, Habermann was invited to join the department of computer science at Carnegie Mellon University as a visiting research scientist. In 1969 he was appointed an associate professor, and was made full professor in 1974, acting department head in 1979, and department head from 1980 to 1988, after which he was named Dean of the new School of Computer Science (established under Allen Newell and Herbert A. Simon). He also cofounded Carnegie Mellon's Software Engineering Institute (SEI) in 1985.
Habermann's research included programming languages, operating systems, and development of large software systems. He was known for his work on inter-process communication, process synchronization and deadlock avoidance, and software verification, but particularly for the programming languages ALGOL 60, BLISS, Pascal, and Ada. He also contributed to new operating systems such as Edsger Dijkstra's THE multiprogramming system, the Family of Operating Systems (FAMOS) at Carnegie Mellon, Berlin's Dynamically Adaptable System (DAS), and Unix.
Habermann served as visiting professor at the University of Newcastle upon Tyne (1973) and the Technical University of Berlin (1976), and as adjunct professor at Shanghai Jiao Tong University (1986–1993).
In 1994, the Computing Research Association began giving the A. Nico Habermann Award to people for work that increases the involvement of underrepresented communities in computer research.
References
External links
Carnegie Mellon University archives
Nico's student tree, 1990
1932 births
1993 deaths
Scientists from Groningen (city)
American computer scientists
Dutch computer scientists
Carnegie Mellon University faculty
Software engineering researchers
Dutch emigrants to the United States
Gwangdeoksan is a mountain on the boundary between the provinces of Gangwon-do and Gyeonggi-do in South Korea. Its area extends across the city of Pocheon and the counties of Hwacheon and Cheorwon. Gwangdeoksan has an elevation of .
See also
List of mountains in Korea
Notes
References
Mountains of Gangwon Province, South Korea
Hwacheon County
Cheorwon County
Mountains of Gyeonggi Province
Pocheon
Mountains of South Korea
One-thousanders of South Korea
Ringgo Ancheta, better known by his stage name Mndsgn (pronounced "mind design"), is an American record producer and singer-songwriter based in Los Angeles, California.
Biography
Mndsgn was born Ringgo Ancheta in San Diego, California and was raised in New Jersey. He is the youngest of four in a family of Filipino descent. His mother was a nurse and his father was a Navy man. He learned to play organ before his older brother introduced him to rap music and beat production at a pivotal age.
In 2008, platforms like Myspace and AIM messenger connected Mndsgn with beatmakers Knxwledge, Suzi Analogue and devonwho to form Klipm0de. The collective played and released beat tapes through Bandcamp. Ancheta relocated to Los Angeles in 2011 and self-released beat tapes as well as a few projects distributed by labels Leaving and Fresh Selects, and regularly performed at local hubs such as High-end Theory.
In 2013, Mndsgn collaborated with Danny Brown on "Sweeney Song," which appeared on Classic Drug References Vol. 1. His first solo studio album for Stones Throw Records, titled Yawn Zen, was released in 2014. He followed up with Body Wash in 2016, an album that drew heavily on ‘80s R&B and boogie which Vinyl Me, Please cite as one of "The 10 Best Stones Throw Albums To Own On Vinyl", before releasing raw, mixtape-style records Snax and Snaxx in 2018 and 2019, the latter which Clash called "an instant classic" and "everything we've come to expect and more, from the San Diego beat maker".
In March 2021, Mndsgn announced his third studio album for Stones Throw Records, Rare Pleasure. Inspired by R&B, soundtrack music, psychedelia and jazz, Rare Pleasure features Kiefer (musician), Swarvy, Carlos Niño, Fousheé, Devin Morrison, Anna Wise and more. Rare Pleasure was released in June 2021 on Stones Throw Records.
In addition to his solo work, Mndsgn co-wrote and produced Prophet's 2018 album, Wanna Be Your Man, and Peach Fuzz with Tyler, the Creator.
Discography
Studio albums
Breatharian (2013)
Yawn Zen (2014)
Vivians (2015)
Body Wash (2017)
Snax (2018)
Snaxx (2019)
Forever in Your Sun (2020)
Rare Pleasure (2021)
Compilation albums
Funraiser Vol. 2: Skrayons (2009)
Episodes (2010)
A Rap Vacation X-Mas (2013)
Gonna B OK (2020)
Mixtapes
Frugal Earth (2013)
Frugal Earth Vol. Two (2013)
EPs
3P (2009)
Lights & Tunnels (2009)
Statik Mumblin (2011)
No Maps (2011)
Daypass (2011)
Feels (2012)
Oblique Kitchn (2012)
Bed (2013)
Inedia (2014)
Surface Outtakes (2014)
Singles
"Flybutter" (2010)
"Walter Rand Center of Transportation" (2010)
"Cold Crush" (2016)
"Deviled Eggs" (2019)
"Sumdim" (2019)
"Hope You're Doin' Better" (2021)
"Slowdance" (2021)
Guest appearances
Devonwho - "Spaghettiisland" from Funraiser Vol. 1: Thumbtracks (2009)
Sir Froderick - "Dodooonshoe Pt. 7" from Reconnecting! (2011)
Jonwayne - "Featuring Mndsgn" from Bowser (2011)
Sir Froderick - "Cilantro" from The Brief Wondrous (2012)
Swarvy - "Pebbles", "Tooth", and "Sigh" from Trillian (2012)
Jonwayne - "Neckbrokeblues" from Oodles of Doodles (2012)
Sir Froderick - "After" from Consolidate (2013)
Jonwayne - "Sandals" from Rap Album One (2013)
Johnah Levine Collective - "Zootcase" from Attention Deficit (2017)
Chai - "In Pink" from Wink (2021)
Productions
Suzi Analogue - "Son" from World. Excerpts 1–9 (2009)
Suzi Analogue - "Quarter Inches (Brain Waverlude)" from Nnxtape (2010)
Danny Brown - "Sweeney Song" from Classic Drug References, Vol. 1 (2013)
Jonwayne - "Altitude" from Cassette 3: The Marion Morrison Mixtape (2013)
Ivan Ave - Low Jams (2014)
Doja Cat - "Nunchucks" from Purrr! (2014)
Pyramid Vritra - "224" from PV4 (2015)
Ivan Ave - Helping Hands (2016)
Asal Hazel - "Usayudo" (2017)
Ill Camille - "Almost There" from Heirloom (2017)
Quelle Chris - "Popeye" from Being You Is Great, I Wish I Could Be You More Often (2017)
Asal Hazel - "UTMT", "Royal Interlude", and "Make Love" from Like Water (2018)
Prophet - Wanna Be Your Man (2018)
Tyler, The Creator - "Peach Fuzz" (2018)
SiR - "War" from November (2018)
Fatima - "Dang" from And Yet It's All Love (2018)
M.E.D. and Guilty Simpson - "Pie" from Child of the Jungle (2019)
References
External links
Living people
Musicians from San Diego
American people of Filipino descent
American hip hop record producers
American artists
Stones Throw Records artists
Year of birth missing (living people)
KHCT may refer to:
Kingston upon Hull City Transport, former municipal bus operator in Kingston upon Hull, England
KHCT (FM), a radio station (90.9 FM) licensed to Great Bend, Kansas, United States
Bryan Thomas (born 26 December 1961) is an Australian sprint canoeist who competed in the late 1980s. He finished fourth in the K-4 1000 m event at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.
References
Sports-reference.com profile
1961 births
Australian male canoeists
Canoeists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Australia
People educated at St Patrick's College, Ballarat
Tennis competitions at the 2013 Games of the Small States of Europe was held from May 28 to June 1 at the Stade Josy Barthel, Luxembourg.
Medal summary
Medal table
Medal events
References
External links
Site of the 2013 Games of the Small States of Europe
Result book
Games of the Small States of Europe
2013 Games of the Small States of Europe
2013
Panahi is an Iranian surname and may refer to:
Jafar Panahi (born 1960), Iranian film director, screenwriter, and film editor
Hossein Panahi (1956–2004), Iranian actor and poet
Rita Panahi (born 1976), Iranian Australian opinion columnist
Anwar Hossein Panahi, Iranian Kurdish teacher and political activist
Charis Elizabeth Kubrin is an American criminologist and Professor of Criminology, Law and Society at the University of California, Irvine (UCI).
Education and career
After receiving her Ph.D. from the University of Washington in 2000, Kubrin taught at George Washington University for 11 years; she left George Washington University for UCI in the summer of 2011. In 2016, she and her UCI colleague Carroll Seron served as editors of a special issue of the Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science about prison realignment in California.
Research
Kubrin's research focuses on, among other topics, the relationship between race, violence, and social disorganization theory. She has also researched the perception of rap music as violent and dangerous, as well as whether a rapper's music can be used as evidence against him in a court of law. With Graham Ousey, she has also studied the relationship between immigration and crime in the United States, finding that immigration is related to lower rates of crime and violence in U.S. neighborhoods. Kubrin has stated that the Public Safety Realignment initiative was not a factor in the 2019 California stabbing rampage.
References
External links
Faculty page
University of California, Irvine faculty
Living people
American criminologists
University of Washington alumni
Smith College alumni
George Washington University faculty
American women social scientists
Women criminologists
Year of birth missing (living people)
The 1931 Southwestern Louisiana Bulldogs football team was an American football team that represented the Southwestern Louisiana Institute of Liberal and Technical Learning (now known as the University of Louisiana at Lafayette) in the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association during the 1931 college football season. In their first year under head coach Truman F. Wilbanks, the team compiled a 1–6–1 record.
Schedule
References
Southwestern Louisiana
Louisiana Ragin' Cajuns football seasons
Southwestern Louisiana Bulldogs football
John Counsell may refer to:
John Counsell (theatre director) (1905–1987), English actor, director and theatre manager
John Counsell (pastor), Canadian pastor and broadcaster
Ivory Coast competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 September to 18 September 2016.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Delegation
The country was represented by 5 Paralympians, 3 men and 2 women, competing in two sport, athletics and powerlifting. Both competed in athletics.
Medallists
The Ivory Coast finished eighth overall among African countries on the gold medal table, with 1 silver medal.
Athletics
Men's Track
Men's Field
Women's Track
Women's Field
Powerlifting
38-year-old Alidou Diamoutene represented the Ivory Coast at the Paralympics. He previously competed at the 2004, 2008 and 2012 Paralympics. His best finish was fifth. Diamoutene also competed at the 2006, 2010 and 2014 IPC Powerlifting World Championships, with the best finish of fifth in the -48 kg class in 2006. Nicknamed The Tiger, he is coached by Roger Angoua and Emile N'goran.
See also
Ivory Coast at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Ivorian sport
River Bend Farm is a historic farm located in East Coventry Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania in a bend of the Schuylkill River near Pottstown. The farm house is a good example of early Chester County construction techniques, being built with stuccoed stone walls and pegged rafters. The farm was owned, but not lived in, by Michael Hillegas, the first Treasurer of the United States. It was also owned by members of the Joshua family political dynasty.
The farm was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
History
Henry Casdorp's family bought on "Turkey Point," including the current farm site, on November 28, 1763, from Pennsylvania's proprietors, Thomas and Richard Penn for £60. They sold the land for £2,400 to Michael Hillegas and Jacob Winey on May 23, 1764. The property sold included a house, which was likely a log cabin built before the Casdorp purchase. The new owners, in turn, sold 300 acres sixteen months later to Daniel Hiester who bought the property for his son John.
Daniel's sons were active during the American Revolution. His son Daniel became a brigadier general in the Pennsylvania Militia and was elected to the first four U.S. congresses, representing Pennsylvania, and was later elected to represent Maryland. The elder Daniel's son John fought at the Battle of Brandywine, and after the war was elected a major general of Militia. He was elected to the U.S. Congress in 1806, and John's son Daniel was elected to congress in 1808.
The house has two stories plus an attic. The first two stories have exceptionally high ceilings for the colonial period, 9 feet, 7 inches for the first floor and 8 feet, 11 inches for the second floor.
Another National Register of Historic Places listed site, Fricks Locks Historic District, lies about 600 yards south of the house. Starting in 1974, the Limerick Nuclear Power Plant was constructed to the east of the house, directly across the Schuylkill River.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Pennsylvania
Houses completed in 1765
Houses in Chester County, Pennsylvania
National Register of Historic Places in Chester County, Pennsylvania
Career of Nikos Dyzma (also known as Kariera Nikosia Dyzmy in Polish) is a 2002 Polish film directed by Jacek Bromski. The film is a mordant contemporary satire loosely based on the 1932 novel The Career of Nicodemus Dyzma by Tadeusz Dołęga-Mostowicz, which narrates the story of a crude opportunist from the countryside, whose vulgarity, mistaken by the Polish elite in the capital for canny insight, facilitates his rise through the social and political ranks of the nation. The same novel also inspired the 1979 American film Being There.
Cast
Cezary Pazura as Nikodem, "Nikos" Dyzma
Anna Przybylska as Jadzia, the wife of the minister Jaszuński
Ewa Kasprzyk as Senator Anna Walewska
Andrzej Grabowski as Roman Kiliński
Krzysztof Globisz as Minister Jaszuński
Krzysztof Pieczynski as Kropiel
Olgierd Łukaszewicz as Prime Minister
Lew Rywin as Terkowski
Katarzyna Figura as Nurse
Awards
Eagles
year: 2003
Type: appointment
Award: Eagle
Category: Best Costume Design (Margaret Braszka)
Golden Ducks
year: 2003
Type: appointment
Award: Golden Duck
Category: Best Polish actress (Anna Przybylska)
Golden Lions
year: 2002
Type: appointment
Award: Golden Lions
Category: Participation in the main competition (Jacek Bromski)
Other Information
Period Picture: October 10 - November 21, 2001.
Landscapes: Pabianice (Lutheran Cemetery), Lodz (Poznanski Palace Street. Ogrodowa, ul. Marathon, rector Film School - Film Walewska senator's office, the rector of the Academy of Medicine - a film cabinet minister Jaszuńskiego, home of "Polonia", Al. Mickiewicza - film study Kilińskiego, a hypermarket M1, Poniatowski Park, st. Wolczanska requested to fill at the hospital), Wola, near Lodz Błędowska (golf course), Leśmierz (refinery), Warsaw, Gdynia (port).
Gala premiere took place March 7, 2002 in Lodz, in the cinema "Baltic" and the March 14, 2002 in Warsaw at the cinema 'Cinematheque. "
In 2002, the film received an award of the Association "Polish Cinemas - Golden Ticket for a fourth place ranking in the audience.
The film can be confused with the Polish comedy of manners in 1956 under the title "Nicodemus Dyzma"
The film can be confused with the Polish soap opera from 1980, which is a soap opera costume and satire titled "The Career of Nicodemus Dyzma"
Sound: Janusz Bouillon and Michael Kosterkiewicz
References
External links
Excellent review
Career of Nikos Dyzma on Filmweb
2002 films
Films based on works by Tadeusz Dołęga-Mostowicz
Polish drama films
2000s Polish-language films
Marzan Kola (, also Romanized as Marzān Kolā; also known as Mozrownkolā and Mūrān Kolā) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,218, in 299 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Total Freedom is the fifth studio album by Canadian singer-songwriter Kathleen Edwards. It was released by Dualtone Records on August 14, 2020.
Background and recording
In 2014, two years after the success of her album Voyageur, Edwards decided to quit music and open a coffee shop in Stittsville called Quitters. Edwards returned to music in 2017 after Maren Morris invited her to write a song for her album, Girl. As a result, Edwards began writing and recording songs for her own album. The album was recorded at studios in Stittsville, Nashville, and Kingston. The album was produced by Edwards alongside co-producers Jim Bryson and Ian Fitchuk.
Critical reception
Total Freedom received positive reviews from music critics, who lauded the album as a fitting return for Edwards. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream publications, the album received an average score of 80, based on eight reviews, indicating "generally favorable reviews" from reviews.
Steve Horowitz of PopMatters praised the album, writing "the songs are lyrically delightful and melodically charming ... Edwards' delightfully delivers her insights, even the unpleasant ones." Writing for AllMusic, Mark Deming opined, "However long she decides to keep writing and singing her songs, we can only be grateful for the tough, heartfelt beauty she's chosen to share."
In a more critical review of the album, Hal Horowitz of American Songwriter wrote that "her singing remains strong and she is emoting about issues close to her, these tracks would benefit from more musical muscle." However, Horowitz later noted "even if Total Freedom isn't her finest work, it's encouraging that Edwards has returned to releasing new material and doing what she does best."
Track listing
Personnel
Kathleen Edwards – vocals, acoustic and electric guitars
Peter Von Althen – drums, percussion
Darcy Yates – bass guitar
Gord Tough – electric and slide guitar
Jim Bryson – acoustic, electric, and slide guitars, organ, piano, banjo, percussion, string machine, effects, synthesizer, backing vocals
Additional musicians
Blair Hogan – electric guitar (track 1)
Jill Andrews – backing vocals (tracks 1 and 6)
Aaron Goldstein – pedal steel (tracks 2, 4 and 6)
Todd Lombardo – nylon string guitar (track 3), acoustic guitar (tracks 5, 8 and 10), banjo (track 8)
Ian Fitchuk – bass guitar (tracks 3 and 5), book kick/percussion (track 3), Wurlitzer (track 4), and piano (tracks 8 and 10)
Daniel Tashian – backing vocal and guitar (track 5)
Kinley Dowling – violin, viola and string arrangement (track 6)
Phillipe Charbonneau – bass guitar (track 7)
Jon Hynes – bass guitar (tracks 8 and 10)
Courtney Marie Andrews – backing vocals (track 8)
Technical personnel
Jim Bryson and Kathleen Edwards – producers (tracks 1, 2, 4, 6, 7 and 9)
Ian Fitchuk and Kathleen Edwards – producers (tracks 2, 5, 8 and 10)
Jim Bryson, Ian Fitchuk and Kathleen Edwards – producers (track 3)
Craig Alvin, Zack Pancoast, Zane Whitfield, Jim Bryson, Dylan Lodge and Konrad Snyder – engineers
Konrad Snyder – mixing
Greg Calbi – mastering
Charts
References
External links
2020 albums
Kathleen Edwards albums
Dualtone Records albums
The Hits Album 5 or Hits 5 is a compilation album released in November 1986 by RCA-Ariola, CBS and WEA. It was the fifth in the Hits series which would span over 20 years, with the first volume released in December 1984. This was also the first Hits compilation to be released on Compact Disc - a single-CD featuring 16 of the 32 tracks featured on the conventional LP and cassette. It also managed to reach number one on the UK Albums Chart where it remained for two weeks, before being dethroned by its rival Now 8. A video compilation was also released on VHS by CBS/Fox Video.
Hits 5 features one song which reached number one on the UK Singles Chart: "A Different Corner".
CD track listing
Paul Simon - "You Can Call Me Al"
The Pretenders - "Don't Get Me Wrong"
Red Box - "For America"
A-ha - "I've Been Losing You"
Don Johnson - "Heartbeat"
Eurythmics - "Thorn in My Side"
Nick Kamen - "Each Time You Break My Heart"
Five Star - "Rain or Shine"
Lionel Richie - "Love Will Conquer All"
George Michael - "A Different Corner"
Whitney Houston - "Greatest Love of All"
Peter Cetera - "Glory of Love"
Rod Stewart - "Every Beat of My Heart"
Cyndi Lauper - "True Colors"
The Stranglers - "Always the Sun"
Paul Young - "Wonderland"
Vinyl/cassette track listing
Record/Tape 1 - Side 1 (1)
A-ha - "I've Been Losing You"
The Bangles - "Walk Like an Egyptian"
Don Johnson - "Heartbeat"
Paul Young - "Wonderland"
Julian Cope - "World Shut Your Mouth"
Bruce Hornsby and The Range - "The Way It Is"
Hollywood Beyond - "What's the Colour of Money"
Nick Kamen - "Each Time You Break My Heart"
Record/Tape 1 - Side 2 (2)
Paul Simon - "You Can Call Me Al"
Eurythmics - "Thorn in My Side"
The Stranglers - "Always the Sun"
The Pretenders - "Don't Get Me Wrong"
Five Star - "Rain or Shine"
Dead or Alive - "Brand New Lover"
Haywoode - "Roses"
The Real Thing - "Straight to the Heart"
Record/Tape 2 - Side 1 (3)
Cyndi Lauper - "True Colors"
Boris Gardiner - "You Are Everything To Me"
Rod Stewart - "Every Beat Of My Heart"
Peter Cetera - "Glory of Love"
George Michael - "A Different Corner"
Shakin' Stevens - "Because I Love You"
Whitney Houston - "Greatest Love of All"
Lionel Richie - "Love Will Conquer All"
Record/Tape 2 - Side 2 (4)
Red Box - "For America"
The Psychedelic Furs - "Heartbreak Beat"
Prince - "Anotherloverholenyohead"
The The - "Infected"
Frankie Goes to Hollywood - "Rage Hard"
Meat Loaf and John Parr - "Rock 'n' Roll Mercenaries"
Spandau Ballet - "Fight for Ourselves"
Robert Palmer - "Addicted to Love"
Video selection
The Bangles - "Walk Like an Egyptian"
The Pretenders - "Don't Get Me Wrong"
Nick Kamen - "Each Time You Break My Heart"
Paul Young - "Wonderland"
Red Box - "For America"†
Shakin' Stevens - "Because I Love You"
Howard Jones - "All I Want"††
Owen Paul - "My Favourite Waste of Time"††
Five Star - "Rain or Shine"†
Haywoode - "Roses"†
Everything But the Girl - "Come On Home"††
Little Richard - "Operator"††
Hollywood Beyond - "What's the Colour of Money"†
The Stranglers - "Always the Sun"
Meat Loaf and John Parr - "Rock 'n' Roll Mercenaries"
† Only available in mono.
†† Never appeared on any Hits album.
References
Collins Complete UK Hit Albums 1956-2005. Graham Betts. 2005. .
1986 compilation albums
Pop compilation albums
CBS Records compilation albums
Warner Music Group compilation albums
Hits (compilation series) albums
Dębinki may refer to the following places:
Dębinki, Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Dębinki, Legionowo County in Masovian Voivodeship (east-central Poland)
Dębinki, Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County in Masovian Voivodeship (east-central Poland)
Dębinki, Wyszków County in Masovian Voivodeship (east-central Poland)
Your Very Good Health is a 1948 British animated short film and public information film about the foundation of the National Health Service (NHS). It explains how people would be affected by the National Health Service Act 1946 introduced under Clement Attlee.
Synopsis
As Charley cycles around his neighbourhood, a narrator explains the aims and merits of the National Health Service Act. The narrator lists other public health services in existence at the time, and mentions problems with healthcare in Britain, such as the inconsistent coverage provided by hospitals and the limitations of the current insurance scheme for low-paid workers.
Responding to Charley's objections, the film depicts hypothetical scenarios involving Charley falling off his bicycle and his wife becoming ill, in order to illustrate the benefits of the new national health system. The previously doubtful Charley is convinced, and proceeds to convince his neighbour George of the advantages of the new NHS.
Production
Your Very Good Health was one of a series of government-funded propaganda films featuring the cartoon character Charley, which were produced to educate the public changes introduced under the postwar Labour government. Charley had been created in 1946 by Joy Batchelor, and this was the second film featuring him. Different government departments funded the various films, with Your Very Good Health being sponsored by the Central Office of Information for the Ministry of Health.
References
External links
Your Very Good Health at BFI Screenonline
Film transcript at The National Archives
1940s English-language films
1948 animated films
1948 short films
1940s animated short films
Public information films
British animated short films
British black-and-white films
1940s educational films
Halas and Batchelor films
National Health Service
Animated films set in the United Kingdom
Films about health care
Films directed by John Halas
1940s British films
British educational films
The Welsh church may refer to:
Church in Wales
Roman Catholic Church in England and Wales
Individual churches outside Wales
Melbourne Welsh Church, Australia
United Welsh Church, Blackstone, Australia
Welsh Church of Central London, United Kingdom
Salem Welsh Church, United States
See also
Christianity in Wales
Franco Lo Giudice (14 March 1893 – 8 August 1990) was an Italian tenor who had a successful international opera career during the first half of the 20th century. He was an important exponent of the works of Riccardo Zandonai, notably starring in the world premieres of his operas I cavalieri di Ekebù (1925) and Giuliano (1928). His voice is preserved on a number of recordings made with the HMV, Parlophone, and Pathé record labels. Music critic Alan Blyth described him as a "fiery, strong tenor" who "excelled in verismo parts".
Early life and education
Born in Paternò, Lo Giudice was the older brother of tenor Silvio Costa Lo Giudice and a distant cousin of Portuguese soprano Maria Giudice. He studied singing with Beniamino Carelli at the Conservatory of San Pietro a Majella in Naples, Matteo Adernò in Catania, and with Antonio Savastano, Luigi Lucenti, and Luigi Di Cagno in Milan. His studies were interrupted in 1914 when he was drafted into the Italian Army following the outbreak of World War I. His first public performances were given during the war, singing in concerts for Italian soldiers. He served in the military for the duration of the war, and then continued with further opera studies at its conclusion in 1918.
Career
Lo Giudice made his operatic debut in 1919 as Gastone in La traviata at the opera house in Livorno. In 1920 he sang Dick Johnson in Giacomo Puccini's La fanciulla del West at the opera house in Tortona. In 1922 he made his first appearance at the Teatro di San Carlo as Prince Vasiliy Ivanovich Shuysky in the Naples premiere of Boris Godunov with Sigismondo Zalewsky in the title role. That same year he had a major triumph at the Teatro Costanzi in Rome singing the title role in Umberto Giordano's Andrea Chénier. He made a number of appearances at the Anfiteatro Gangi in Catania in 1922-1923, including Edgardo in Lucia di Lammermoor, Gastone, and Turiddu in Cavalleria rusticana. In 1924 he made his debut at the Teatro Regio in Turin as Romeo in Riccardo Zandonai's Giulietta e Romeo opposite Hina Spani as Giulietta. He returned to that house several times through 1935, singing such roles as Giannetto Malaspini in La cena delle beffe and Pollione in Norma among others.
On 7 March 1925 Lo Giudice made his debut at La Scala as Giosta Berling in the world premiere of Zandonai's I cavalieri di Ekebù under the baton of Arturo Toscanini. Toscanini was quite taken with his performance and Lo Giudice was contracted by him frequently for performances at La Scala through the mid-1930s. In 1926 he alternated in the role of Prince Calàf with tenor Miguel Fleta in the original production of Puccini's Turandot, although Fleta had the honor of singing the part for the opera's opening night. Other roles he portrayed at La Scala included Avito in L'amore dei tre re, Dick Johnson, Giannetto Malaspini, and Giuseppe Hagenbach in La Wally among others.
Lo Giudice made his first appearance at the Teatro Comunale di Bologna on 21 November 1925 as Giannetto Malaspini to Carmen Melis's Ginerva and Salvatore Baccaloni's Tornaquinci. He returned to that house in 1927 to portray Mateo in Zandonai's Conchita and again in 1928 to sing Dick Johnson to Iva Pacetti's Minnie. In 1926 he made his debut at the Arena di Verona Festival and in 1927 he sang Prince Calàf to Elena Barrigar's Turandot for his first appearance at the Teatro Regio in Parma. He returned to Parma in 1930 to sing Calàf to Patrizia Toldi's Turandot and again in 1938 to portray Eugenio Beauharnais in Italo Brancucci's Fiorella.
Lo Giudice returned to the Teatro di San Carlo in 1927 to sing the title role in Arrigo Boito's Nerone with Elena Barrigar as Asteria. He sang again at that house on 4 February 1928 when he portrayed the title role in the world premiere of Zandonai's Giuliano. The following 14 March he made his first appearance at the Teatro dell'Opera di Roma singing the title role in the world premiere of Giuseppe Mulè's Dafni. He sang several roles at the Rome opera house through 1930, including Giuliano and Calàf. He also made his first appearance at the Teatro Donizetti in Bergamo in 1928 as Des Grieux in Puccini's Manon Lescaut.
On the international stage, Lo Giudice performed in opera houses in Hungary, Brazil, and Chile during the 1920s and early 1930s. In 1925 he performed at the Royal Opera, London as Pinkerton in Madama Butterfly. He remained active in Italian opera houses up into the mid-1940s. One of his last performances was a portrayal of Andrea Chénier at the Teatro Verdi in Florence in 1944 with Iris Ferriani as Maddalena. After retiring from the stage he taught singing at the Istituto Musicale Vincenzo Bellini in Catania. He died in Catania at the age of 97.
Sources
Opera, Volume 42 by George Henry Hubert Lascelles Harewood, page 44
Opera on record 3 by Alan Blyth, page 124
Il tenore Franco Lo Giudice: nel centenario della nascita di Riccardo Zandonai by Bruno Cagnoli and Salvatore D. Randazzo
1893 births
1990 deaths
Italian operatic tenors
People from Paternò
20th-century Italian male opera singers
Musicians from the Province of Catania
Eschiva of Ibelin may refer to:
Eschiva of Ibelin (died 1196), queen-consort of Cyprus
Eschiva of Ibelin (died 1312), lady of Beirut
Eschiva of Ibelin, daughter of Guy of Ibelin, constable of Cyprus
House of Ibelin
Hopton Wafers is a civil parish in Shropshire, England. It contains 26 listed buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England. Of these, three are at Grade II*, the middle of the three grades, and the others are at Grade II, the lowest grade. The parish contains the village of Hopton Wafers, the smaller settlement of Doddington, and the surrounding countryside. The listed buildings include houses and farmhouses, some of which are timber framed, two churches, memorials and tombs in a churchyard, a country house and associated structures, two bridges, and a war memorial.
Key
Buildings
References
Citations
Sources
Lists of buildings and structures in Shropshire
A hromada (, "community") was one of a network of secret societies of Ukrainian intelligentsia that appeared soon after the Crimean War. The societies laid a groundwork for appearance of the Ukrainian political elite and national political movement. The Ukrainian national and anti-oppressive movement intensified with the January Uprising and issuing of the Valuev Circular. Many were former members of the disbanded Brotherhood of Saints Cyril and Methodius.
In parallel to the development of hromoda networks in the Russian Empire, Prosvita (Enlightenment) societies sprang forth in the Austro-Hungarian Empire.
Important hromadas existed in Saint Petersburg, Kyiv, Poltava, Chernihiv, Odessa, Ternopil, Lviv, Chernivtsi and Stryi.
The first hromada was established in Saint Petersburg when the first members of the Brotherhood of Saints Cyril and Methodius returned from their exile. An important publication of the Petersburg hromada was the magazine Osnova (Basis) that was published for a short time in the 1860s.
Due to student unrest and other revolutionary activity the Russian minister of internal affairs Pyotr Valuev had arrested several hromada leaders (Pavlo Chubynsky, Petro Yefymenko and others) and exiled them to Siberia. After the publication of the Pylyp Morachevsky's New Testament in Ukrainian, Valuev banned most of the publications and issued his secret Valuev circular as an instruction to the minister of education.
The same year most of the western regions of the Russian Empire rebelled in the January Uprising.
The most important hromada was created in Kyiv and became better known as the Old Hromada. It was created sometimes in the 1870s based on a secret club of chlopomans (commoners).
As reaction to the hromada movement, the Russian government issued the well known Ems Ukaz in 1876 prohibiting the use of Ukrainian language.
In 1897 on initiative of Volodymyr Antonovych and Oleksandr Konysky in Kyiv took place a congress of Hromada members where was established the General Ukrainian Non-partisan Democratic Organization. To the new organization entered all members of Hromada that existed in 20 cities of the Russian Ukraine. Hromada however continued to exist until the February Revolution in 1917.
See also
Hromada (disambiguation)
Bratstvo: Brotherhood of Saints Cyril and Methodius, political and cultural organizations
Mykhailo Drahomanov
References
External links
Hromadas at the Encyclopedia of Ukraine
Hamm, M.F. Kiev: A Portrait, 1800-1917. Princeton University Press. 1993.
Organizations established in 1858
Ukrainian independence movement
Political organizations based in the Russian Empire
Populism
Secret societies
Theoharis Trasha (born April 21, 1985 in Elbasan) is an Albanian weightlifter, who with his younger brother Gert Trasha competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, where he finished 12th.
References
Albanian male weightlifters
1985 births
Living people
Olympic weightlifters of Albania
Weightlifters at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Elbasan
Walking the Wire may refer to:
Walking the Wire (album), a 1992 album by Dan Seals
"Walking the Wire" (song), a 2017 song by Imagine Dragons
See also
Tightrope walking
The Bottom of Chaos is an album by Japanese rock band Rentrer en Soi. It was released on August 1, 2007 in Japan and on September 28 in Europe.
Track listing
Disc two (European edition only)
"Just Mad Pain" – 4:22
Personnel
Toshiro Honkawa – recording, mixing
Toshiaki Ishii – recording, mixing
Takahiro Uchida – mastering
Kyo – vocal coach (referred to as "agitator")
Daisuke (Kagerou) – vocal coach
Dynamite Tommy – executive producer
Notes
The title of "I Hate Myself and Want to Die" is an homage to Nirvana's song of the same name.
References
2007 albums
Rentrer en Soi albums
Cooks the Bakery is a specialist retail bakery chain of hot food, sandwiches and coffee, based in Solihull, in the West Midlands, England. The company went into administration on 21 November 2011. The trading rights to Three Cooks and Cooks the bakery were purchased from the administrators in June 2012, Three Cooks Bakery was re-launched under a franchising model with its first store opening in Hanley, Stoke-on-Trent.
Three Cooks
Three Cooks was the name given to a trio of high street bakers formerly trading as Clarks Bakery, Stephen's Bakery and Wimbush the Bakers. Based in Solihull, it was taken over by Rank Hovis McDougall and expanded into a 255 retail bakery, and then sandwich chain business. In 2000, as high street trends changed, it sold the freeholds of the various retail premises.
Due to financial difficulties arising from a downturn in high street trading conditions, in November 2006 the chain went into administration with a footprint of 158 shops, under the legal control of Tenon Group Tenon immediately closed 37 loss-making sites, with around 250 job losses.
Cooks the Bakery
Chairman Geoff Peppiatt bought 121 of the former Three Cooks shops, and managed to save 900 jobs, operating under the new brand Cooks the Bakery. Peppiatt left the business in late 2009, by which time Cooks the Bakery was no longer involved in Van Delivery or Schools Catering.
After this point, the business was run by Richard Prime (Managing Director) and Steven Greaves (Director) until the final collapse in late 2011. Between Peppiatt leaving and final collapse, the chain faced reducing High Street footfall and rising costs, and had been constantly reducing the number of stores. The company went into administration on 21 November 2011, having shrunk to 16 outlets.
References
Further reading
Birmingham Mail
Birmingham Post (Scroll down on page for article)
British Baker magazine
Bromsgrove Advertiser
British Baker magazine
Coventry Telegraph
British Baker magazine
The Grocer
Express and Star
Romsey Advertiser
Birmingham Post
The Times
Computer Weekly
External links
Cooks the Bakery
Bakeries of the United Kingdom
Defunct companies of England
Defunct retail companies of the United Kingdom
Companies based in Solihull
Food and drink companies disestablished in 2012
Retail companies disestablished in 2012
2012 disestablishments in England
Korenica () is a village in Municipality of Krivogaštani.
Demographics
According to the 2002 census, the village had a total of 62 inhabitants. Ethnic groups in the village include:
Macedonians 62
References
Villages in Krivogaštani Municipality
Łotoszyny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-east of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 120.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Nick Greenhalgh (born 8 November 1989) is a former professional Rugby player, he last played for Northampton Saints in the Guinness Premiership. His preferred position is outside centre.
His first game was against Bristol Rugby in the EDF Energy Trophy when he came on as substitute for the final 2 minutes.
12 sometimes 13...
References
External links
Northampton Profile
1989 births
Living people
English rugby union players
Northampton Saints players
Rugby union players from Northampton
Rugby union fullbacks
D Philip (1943 – 12 June 2022), a native of Thiruvalla in the British Raj, was a film and drama actor who worked in the Malayalam film industry.
Career
Philip started his acting career as a protégé of PJ Antony, first acting in the 1980 film Pralayam. This was followed by more than 50 Malayalam films including Kottayam Kunjachan, Vettam, Artham, Pazhashiraja and Time.
He co-produced the movie Kolangal with KT Varghese, directed by KG George.
He died in a private hospital in Thiruvananthapuram on 12 June 2022.
Awards
In 1986, he won the State Award for his performance in the Kalidasa Kalakendra play 'Rainbow'.
References
1943 births
2022 deaths
20th-century Indian male actors
21st-century Indian male actors
People from Thiruvalla
Dragoș Mihai Plopeanu (born 9 November 1988 in Bucharest) is a Romanian former footballer who is a goalkeeping coach
Club career
Dinamo București Youth
Dragos began his career at the age of 9 progressing through the ranks before leaving in 2004.
Inter Gaz București
After joining in the summer of 2004 Plopeanu was promoted to the 1st team where he went on to make 38 appearances.
Politehnica Timișoara
Plopeanu transferred to FC Politehnica Timișoara for a disclosed fee of €100,000. Primarily used in the reserve squad, Dragos went on to make 20 appearances for Politehnica II, before being sent on loan to Buftea.
Coaching career
ATK Mohun Bagan FC
Dragos was appointed as the coach of ATK Mohun Bagan in January 2022. He has the experience of coaching in Romania, along several other countries.
External links
1988 births
Living people
Romanian footballers
FC Politehnica Timișoara players
FC Academica Clinceni players
FC Gloria Buzău players
Association football goalkeepers
FC Dinamo București players
ASC Oțelul Galați players
Liga I players
The following lists events that have happened in 1808 in the Sublime State of Persia.
Incumbents
Monarch: Fat′h-Ali Shah Qajar
Birth
January 5 – Mohammad Shah Qajar, third king of Qajar dynasty, was born in Tabriz, Iran.
References
Persia
Years of the 19th century in Iran
1800s in Iran
Persia
Astra 1G is one of the Astra communications satellites owned and operated by SES.
History
SES ordered its Hughes 601HP satellite, in 1994 for Astra 1G.
Launch
Astra-1G was launched on 2 December 1997 at 23:10:37 UTC, by a Proton-K / DM-2M launch vehicle, from Site 81/23 at the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan. It was maneuvered into a geostationary orbit and at 19.2° East of longitude.
See also
SES (satellite operator)
Astra (satellite family)
References
Astra satellites
Satellites of Luxembourg
Spacecraft launched in 1997
1997 in spaceflight
1997 in Luxembourg
Satellites using the BSS-601 bus
John Timothy Kelly Stearne (July 2, 1958 – May 9, 2016) was a Canadian curler from Calgary. He played lead for the infamous Paul Gowsell rink which won two World Junior Curling Championships.
As a member of the Gowsell rink, Stearne won Canadian Junior Curling Championships for Alberta in 1976 and 1978. This qualified the team to represent Canada at the 1976 and 1978 World Junior Championships, respectively. In both events, the team captured gold.
After graduating from juniors, the team went on to win the Alberta Men's Championship in 1980 and represented Alberta at the 1980 Labatt Brier in their hometown of Calgary. The team finished in third place and never returned to the Brier.
Stearne moved to Adelaide, Australia, in 2005. He died there at age 57 after suffering a fall on May 9, 2016. He reunited with the rest of the Gowsell rink for one last bonspiel in November 2015.
References
Calgary Curler Kelly Stearne Dies at 57 - Calgary Herald
External links
1958 births
2016 deaths
Curlers from Calgary
Canadian emigrants to Australia
Sportspeople from Adelaide
Canadian male curlers
Macrochironidae is a family of copepods belonging to the order Cyclopoida.
Genera:
Macrochiron Brady, 1872
Oncaeola Kramer, 1895
Paramacrochiron Sewell, 1949
Pseudomacrochiron Reddiah, 1969
Sewellochiron Humes, 1969
References
Copepods
Howard West (September 24, 1931 – December 3, 2015) was an American talent agent and TV producer, best known for his work with long-term partner George Shapiro, in producing and managing Jerry Seinfeld.
Together with his childhood friend from the Bronx, George Shapiro, he was a partner in Shapiro/West and Associates.
He died of a stroke in Los Angeles, aged 84. His life was remembered at an event organized by his daughter, Dayna West, described in some detail in an article in The Washington Post.
References
1931 births
2015 deaths
Television producers from New York City
People from the Bronx
Raffaele Di Fusco (born 6 October 1961 in Riardo) is an Italian former professional football coach and a former player who played as a goalkeeper. In 2008 he became goalkeeping coach with Aurora Pro Patria 1919.
Honours
Napoli
Serie A: 1986–87, 1989–90.
Coppa Italia: 1986–87.
UEFA Cup: 1988–89.
Torino
Coppa Italia: 1992–93.
References
1961 births
Living people
Italian footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Serie A players
Serie B players
L.R. Vicenza players
S.S.C. Napoli players
U.S. Catanzaro 1929 players
Torino F.C. players
Italian football managers
UEFA Cup winning players
The Archdeacon of Waterford was a senior ecclesiastical officer within firstly, the Diocese of Waterford until 1363; the Diocese of Waterford and Lismore from 1363 until 1838; and finally the Diocese of Cashel and Waterford, during which time it was combined with other Archdeaconries.
The archdeaconry can trace its history from Bartholomew, the first known incumbent, who held the office at the beginning of the thirteenth century to the last discrete incumbent Henry Line. As such he was responsible for the disciplinary supervision of the clergy and the upkeep of diocesan property within that diocese; and later, part of it.
References
Lists of Anglican archdeacons in Ireland
Diocese of Cashel and Ossory
Hotel Energy Management is the practice of controlling procedures, operations and equipment that contribute to the energy use in a hotel operation. This can include electricity, gas, water or other natural resources. Because hotels can have complicated operations and extensive facilities they utilize many different types of energy resources. Hotel energy usages are tracked and classified by the U.S. Department of Energy and statistics are regularly published in the Energy Information Administration annual reports.
Current practices
Modern practices to control energy usage includes contributions by the guests themselves which has been popularized by information cards requesting guests to save water by letting hotel housekeeping staff know if they would care to re-use towels and bed linens. This reduces the amount of water and/or cleaning substances used by the hotel laundry department which also reduces the expense to the property owner or manager.
Recently consultants have developed entire organizations for advising hotels regarding inefficient usage of energy and optimizing its usage. Some of these consultants participate by providing the products to implement their advice for a share of the cost savings as their consideration. These companies have proliferated over the years as public and business energy concerns grow and are popularly known as ESCO's (Energy Service Companies). Other practices include using Infrared motion sensors, door contacts, and other means to detect occupancy to control the Heating, Ventilating and Air Conditioning systems (HVAC) when guests forget to switch off when they leave their room. Turning off the lights when a room is not occupied is called smart lighting.
Hotel facility managers are using cloud-based software nowadays to manage their energy efficiency projects. The Department of Energy (DOE) Software Directory describes EnergyActio software, a cloud based platform designed for this purpose.
Energy management markets in general have been going through several changes including the shift to service based models or performance contracted models used by Energy Services Companies (ESCOs). Traditionally ESCOs did not address the hotel segment because of the small values associated with hotel energy retrofits and the difficulty in measuring so many potential load sources.
References
Hospitality management
Energy conservation
The Financial Women's Association (FWA) is a New York-based network of female professionals from various sectors of the financial world. Founded in 1956, the FWA is a professional organization focused on enhancing the role of women in finance, as well as fostering the development of young female leaders. The FWA serves its members through educational programs and networking opportunities, and it serves the community through its nationally acclaimed scholarship, mentoring and training programs.
History
In 1956, eight women from Wall Street applied to join the Young Men's Investment Association. The eight women were Elizabeth Heaton, Audrey Hochberg, Nancy McNamara, Susan Rappaport, Jane Sheppard, Gloria Swope, Joan Williams, and Nancy Zuger. When they were denied admission, they founded the Young Women's Investment Association, which would later evolve into the Financial Women's Association in 1965. From their first event in 1957—a luncheon with an invited speaker—the organization has experienced considerable growth. As of 2013, the FWA consisted of over 850 members, some from the highest echelons of finance and international business.
Activities
The FWA organizes nearly 100 events each year.
Women in Finance
One of the primary functions of the FWA is to enhance the existing role of women in finance. To this end, the organization has sponsored a number of fact finding forums to encourage ongoing dialogue between the financial community and the public sector. The FWA also conducts surveys to highlight the inequalities that exist in the corporate world; one survey, for example, focusing on the disparity of women in corporate boards, was featured prominently in the media in late 2006. Another, showing the pay disparity between men and women in the financial sector, gained similar attention.
Mentorship
The FWA aims to actively train and develop future female leaders in the financial field. The organization provides a variety of networking opportunities where young members can meet other professionals in their industry, and also offers seminars to young women.
Speakers
Through a series of high-profile events and functions, the FWA provides a forum for prominent women leaders; past noteworthy speakers at FWA events have included:
Alan Krueger, Chair, White House Council of Economic Advisors
Michael B. Donley, Secretary of the Air Force, Washington D.C.
Kim Guadagno, Lieutenant Governor of New Jersey
Richard Ketchum, Chairman and CEO FINRA
Leo Melamed, Chairman Emeritus CME Group
Carolyn Maloney, U.S. Congresswoman (D-12-NY)
Christine Quinn, Speaker of the New York City Council
Madeleine Albright, former Secretary of State
Christine Whitman, former New Jersey governor
Sheila Bair, the 19th Chairperson of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
Judith Rodin, the president of Rockefeller Foundation
Annual Dinner
The FWA Annual Dinner and Women of the Year Awards, the FWA's premiere event, is its primary fundraiser for the FWA of New York Educational Fund. The Annual Dinner takes place each year in the spring and attracts a high-level dais of dignitaries and a diverse audience of 700 executives and professionals from global corporations, professional firms, and leading nonprofits.
FWA of New York Educational Fund
The FWA of New York Educational (Ed) Fund has been the educational arm of the FWA of New York Inc. Through the Ed Fund, FWA members engage in scholarship, mentoring, and learning activities in accordance with the FWA's philosophy of investing in the next generation and the wider business community. Founded as an unincorporated association in 1976, the FWA of New York Educational Fund was granted tax-exempt status as a 501(c)(3) charitable organization and incorporated in 1982.
Programs
High School Mentoring Program
The FWA's mentoring activities began at Murry Bergtraum in 1985-86. The FWA matches FWA mentors to students each year, until graduation. The program currently mentors 30 students each year. They participate in SAT and PSAT classes, financial aid workshops, book clubs, career discussion groups and overnight college visits. Students also volunteer at soup kitchens. In 2013, 100% of the mentees graduated from high school and enrolled in college. As of 2014, the program is supported by two of underwriters: the Mah Jongg Foundation and U.S. Bankcorp.
Baruch College Mentoring
The FWA's mentoring activities launched at Baruch College in 2002. It evolved into a one-on-one mentoring program where mentors and mentees are paired and encouraged to meet and keep in contact. Currently, the program matches mentors with 30 undergraduate business students. The program offers various events throughout the school years including panel discussions, breakfast with FWA corporate sponsors, professional/business etiquette, holiday and fun events, and cocktail parties, etc. The program helps students explore career paths, gain networking experience and discover internship opportunities. The one-on-one mentoring model achieved recognition as a model program from Harvard University, and it continued to be expanded to online mentoring through the development of a web-based career development community.
Scholarships for High School Mentoring Graduates
Since 1988, the FWA of New York Educational Fund has awarded over $600,000 to over 175 qualifying graduating from Murry Bergtraum High School mentees. BMO Capital Markets has provided funds for these scholarships since 2009.
FWA/BMO Capital Markets Scholars Fund at Baruch
The FWA endowed full scholarships for students in the FWA-Baruch College mentoring program. Funded by BMO Capital Markets, 23 young women have received support through this funding since 2005. Through its Equity Through Education "Day of Trading" Program, BMO Capital Markets has contributed over $1.6 million to the FWA of New York Educational Fund over the past eight years. Over 40 Baruch College students and 19 Murry Bergtraum High School students have received FWA/BMO Capital Market Scholarships in 2012-13.
MBA Scholarships
The program started in 1983. FWA Graduate Scholarships totaling $750,000 have assisted nearly 150 students in completing business degrees at the graduate level. The scholarships support graduate business education for women at four NYC-metro schools: MBA candidates at Baruch, Columbia, Fordham, and Stern (NYU); and an MIA candidate specializing in Microfinance at Columbia's School of International and Public Affairs (SIPA).
Wall Street Exchange
The Wall Street Exchange program typically provides an eight-week summer internship opportunity to enhance soft skills and job search techniques. It helps the participants to better prepare themselves for the workforce through designated events and programs. Since the 1970s, FWA corporate partners have hosted the workshops and have even hired some of the 1,000-plus WSE participants.
Financial Backpack
Since 2001, FWA members began offering financial literacy workshops to high school students through the FWA Financial Backpack program. Twice a year, in the fall and spring, a two-session workshop is held on the weekends, in conjunction with the NYC Department of Education's Job Readiness Program for Virtual Enterprise students. Smaller events are also held throughout the year with other education groups. For years ago, HSBC in the Community (USA) granted $900,000 to the FWA to expand the program over five years and offer it to more than 400 students annually. As of April 2013, nearly 3,000 students have come through the program.
Adult Financial Literacy
FWA members began teaching financial literacy to adult clients at University Settlement in lower Manhattan. Now the FWA Financial Literacy program is offering seven week classes at Nontraditional Employment for Women (NEW) and the Grace Institute. Over 230 people have completed the program since its inception in 2003.
Educational Programs for the General Business Community
Educational programs conducted by the multiple committees are available to all members and guests of the FWA. These include: Professional Development, Not-for-Profit, Entrepreneurs, and Impact Investing.
New FWA/BMO Scholars Program
The FWA/BMO scholars are offered new programs to broader their experience. Two young women from Baruch studied in China, including 2013 annual dinner featured student speaker Fang Fang Nan. Ten students from Baruch were sent to Conferences at Simmons College in Boston and The National Conference for College Women Student Leaders at University of Maryland at College Park. Four to six students at Baruch College were offered Tools for Clear Speech Program, which involves a variety of resources designated to provide clear speech and intelligibility instructions for non-native English speakers. In addition, the FWA Scholar's Community Online was established to engage all past and current students and mentors allowing them to stay connected.
References
Non-profit organizations based in New York City
Organizations established in 1956
Women's organizations based in the United States
Marysin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uchanie, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Marysin
Konesi (, also Romanized as Konesī) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 874, in 213 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
The 2008 Crewe and Nantwich by-election was a parliamentary by-election held on 22 May 2008, for the British House of Commons constituency of Crewe and Nantwich, in Cheshire, England. The election was won by the Conservative party candidate Edward Timpson, who defeated the Labour party candidate Tamsin Dunwoody, on a swing from Labour to Conservative of 17.6%, a swing that in a general election would have seen nine Labour cabinet ministers lose their seats.
At the time of the by-election, a swing of 7% in a general election would have seen the Conservatives gain an overall majority over Labour. This was the first seat gained by the Conservatives in a by-election since the 1982 Mitcham and Morden by-election and the first seat they had taken from Labour in a by-election since the 1978 Ilford North by-election thirty years earlier.
Overview
The by-election was called following the death on 17 April 2008 of the sitting MP Gwyneth Dunwoody. The timing of the election caused controversy as, by convention, by-elections are not moved until after the funeral of the deceased Member of Parliament, which drew protests from Conservative and Liberal Democrat members in the House of Commons. However the writ was moved with the approval of the Dunwoody family.
The election had attracted high media and public interest following heavy defeats for the incumbent Labour party in the local elections held earlier that same month, and the fact it followed the controversial removal by the Labour government of the 10 pence national income tax band, which had seen a backbench rebellion against Prime Minister Gordon Brown, causing an announcement in the same month of a recovery package to help the people left worse off by the move.
Immediately following the announcement of the result following the speeches, the defeated Tamsin Dunwoody speaking live to the BBC blamed the swing on a higher turn-out than usual due to the high interest in the election, despite both the turnout and winning vote being lower than the 2005 general election result for this seat. Telling the BBC the Labour vote "held up" in a "democratic decision", defeated Labour candidate Tamsin Dunwoody called herself a "fighter". New MP Edward Timpson said in his victory speech that he would "not let you down", whilst Brown attributed the defeat to rising petrol prices, and the recent increases in the cost of living.
Result
Opinion polling
An ICM poll from mid-May gave the Conservative candidate 43% to Labour's 39% and the Lib Dems' 16%; a second ICM poll from a week after gave the Conservatives 45% to Labour's 37%.
Candidates
On 3 May 2008, incumbent Gwyneth Dunwoody's daughter Tamsin, a former member of the National Assembly for Wales, was selected as the Labour candidate. Prior to Dunwoody's death, the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats had already selected candidates to contest the seat at the general election. The Conservative Party candidate Edward Timpson was a barrister practising in Chester. Since 2006, he had been the Conservative Party's campaigns co-ordinator for the Eddisbury constituency. The Liberal Democrat candidate Elizabeth Shenton had worked as a senior manager for the RBS and NatWest, where she was an active member of the trade union. At the time of the election she was also a councillor in Newcastle-under-Lyme.
The UK Independence Party candidate was Mike Nattrass, MEP for the nearby West Midlands and a former deputy party leader. Robert Smith, a 23-year-old town planner (and transport planning specialist) educated at the University of Liverpool stood for the Green Party of England and Wales and particularly campaigned to reverse the privatisation of British Rail (and associated fare increases).
The Official Monster Raving Loony Party stood "The Flying Brick" (his legal name, although he was formerly known as Nick Delves), the party's treasurer and Shadow Minister for the Abolition of Gravity (see Official Monster Raving Loony Party#Crewe and Nantwich By-Election). Independent candidate Mark Walklate is a locally educated salesperson (with a business degree) who stood for the Conservatives in the 2006 and 2007 council elections. Paul Thorogood's party, Cut Tax on Petrol and Diesel, was registered with the Electoral Commission on 23 March 2008, with Thorogood as its Leader, Nominating Officer and Treasurer, although his party is listed on the nomination paper as "Cut Tax on Diesel and Petrol" (the fourth and sixth words reversed). The newly formed Beauties for Britain Party fielded Gemma Garrett, the then-Miss Great Britain, as a candidate in what was their first election campaign, announcing that they wanted to "help make Westminster as glamorous a place as its fellow European legislatures, where beautiful women abound in the higher echelons of government". The party was not, however, registered with the Electoral Commission, so she had to stand as an independent. Garrett and fellow independent Mark Walklate are recorded as having no party name or description at all on the official record of candidates as opposed to having the word, 'Independent' by their names on the ballot paper.
Campaign
The Labour Party ran a personal class-based campaign against the Conservative candidate, calling him "the Tarporley Toff", "Lord Snooty", "Tory Boy Timpson". Labour supporters donned top hats to mock Timpson, whose family own Timpson, a national shoe repair and key-cutting business. This has been viewed by some social commentators as a form of reverse snobbery. Dunwoody, who arrived for the campaign from her holding in Wales, was termed "One of us", as she was daughter of the deceased Labour MP. The campaign was criticised by a number of national newspapers, including the left-leaning Guardian as well as The Times, while Dunwoody herself was confronted by Jeremy Paxman on Newsnight over the fact that she has an entry in Burke's Peerage and Baronetage.
On the last day of the campaign, the accidental communication by a Conservative party worker of voting intention data of 8,000 people to a radio station sparked an investigation by the Information Commissioner into possible breaches of data protection laws.
History
The constituency had been held by Gwyneth Dunwoody for Labour since its creation in 1983. Just three parties contested the seat at the 2005 UK general election. Dunwoody held the seat with a reduced majority, while both the Conservative Party and Liberal Democrats enjoyed an increase in their vote share.
References
External links
Nick The Flying Brick candidate's website including manifesto
Tamsin Dunwoody official campaign page
Mike Nattrass official website
David Roberts English Democrats announcement of candidacy
Elizabeth Shenton official campaign page
Robert Smith Green Party announcement of candidacy
Paul Thorogood Cut Tax on Petrol and Diesel by-election page
Edward Timpson campaign website
Election leaflets from the by-election campaign
2008 elections in the United Kingdom
By-elections to the Parliament of the United Kingdom in Cheshire constituencies
2008 in England
Crewe
2000s in Cheshire
Nantwich
Mount Leman is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1918 after Gérard Leman, a Belgian General who led the defensive forces in the Battle of Liège during World War I. He was captured by German forces and held as a prisoner of war until 1917.
See also
List of peaks on the British Columbia–Alberta border
References
Two-thousanders of Alberta
Two-thousanders of British Columbia
Canadian Rockies
Infante D. Pedro, Duke of Coimbra KG (; ), (9 December 1392 – 20 May 1449) was a Portuguese infante (prince) of the House of Aviz, son of King John I of Portugal and his wife Philippa of Lancaster, daughter of John of Gaunt. In Portugal, he is better known as Infante D. Pedro das Sete Partidas [do Mundo], "of the Seven Parts [of the World]" because of his travels. Possibly the best-travelled prince of his time, he was regent between 1439 and 1448. He was also 1st Lord of Montemor-o-Velho, Aveiro, Tentúgal, Cernache, Pereira, Condeixa and Lousã.
Early life
From the time he was born, Peter was one of John I's favourite sons. Along with his siblings, he received an exceptional education rarely seen in those times for the children of royalty. Close to his brothers Edward, the future king of Portugal, and John, Lord of Reguengos de Monsaraz, Peter grew up in a calm environment free of intrigues.
On 14 August 1415, he accompanied his father and brothers Edward and Henry for the Battle of Ceuta in Morocco. His mother had died the previous month, giving each of her sons on her deathbed an arming sword she had ordered forged for them. Peter refused to be knighted before showing valour in battle, and he was knighted along with his brothers the following day; he was also created Duke of Coimbra. His younger brother Henry was made Duke of Viseu. These were the first dukedoms created in Portugal.
On finishing a translation of Seneca's De Beneficiis in 1418, he initiated extensive travels throughout Europe, which would keep him away from Portugal for the next ten years. After meeting with John II of Castile in Valladolid, he continued to Hungary, where he met with the Holy Roman Emperor Sigismund, and entered his service. He fought with the Imperial armies against the Turks and in the Hussite Wars in Bohemia and was awarded the march of Treviso in Northern Italy in 1422. In 1424 he left the Holy Roman Empire, meeting first with Murad II, Sultan of the Ottoman Empire, on the island of Patmos, and then continuing to Constantinople, capital of the Byzantine Empire; the hopeless position of the city against the Ottoman onslaught did not fail to impress him. From Constantinople he travelled to the Holy Land via Alexandria and Cairo.
European travels
In 1425, Peter travelled to France and England and visited the universities of Paris and Oxford before arriving in Flanders in 1426, where he spent the next two years at the Burgundian court. After the death of the second wife of Philip the Good of Burgundy in 1425, Peter recommended his sister Isabella to him as a wife. Philip sent a delegation to Portugal in 1428–29 that included Jan van Eyck, who painted two portraits of the Infanta. Philip and Isabella eventually married on 7 January 1430, and one of their sons became Duke Charles the Bold of Burgundy.
In 1427, Peter wrote a famous letter to his older brother, later King Edward, on "the proper administration of the kingdoms", from Bruges. Later that year, King Henry VI of England (his first cousin once removed) made him a Knight of the Garter (as were already his father and older brother Edward).
In 1428, Peter visited his marquisate of Treviso and the nearby Republic of Venice, where he was presented with a copy of the book of Marco Polo by the doge. He later gave that book, as well as maps of the Venetian trade routes in the Orient, to his younger brother Prince Henry the Navigator. One of the maps was created by the famous Venetian cartographer Albertinus de Virga in 1411 and possibly shows North America before it was officially discovered. This map was found in the Alcobaça Monastery which was the main library of the Portuguese Royal family. From Venice he traveled to Rome, where he was received by Pope Martin V, and from there he continued to Barcelona, where he negotiated the marriage of his brother Edward with Eleanor of Aragon as well as his own future marriage with Isabella of Urgell, before finally returning to Portugal.
In 1433, he completed his famous six-volume work, the Tratado da Virtuosa Benfeitoria.
Regent
When Peter's brother King Edward I of Portugal died in 1438, Peter's nephew Afonso V ascended the throne as an infant. At first, the choice for regent was the Queen mother Eleanor of Aragon. This choice was not popular among many Portuguese, because Eleanor was Aragonese. Among the Portuguese aristocracy, however, especially among nobles around Peter's half-brother Afonso, Count of Barcelos, Eleanor of Aragon was preferred. There were also doubts about Peter's political ability. At a meeting of the Portuguese Cortes summoned by Peter's brother John, Lord of Reguengos de Monsaraz, Peter was appointed regent, a choice that pleased both the people and the fast-growing bourgeoisie.
In 1443, in a gesture of reconciliation, Peter created his half-brother Afonso Duke of Braganza, and relations between the two seemed to return to normality. But, in 1445, the new duke of Braganza took offence because Isabella of Coimbra, Peter's daughter was the choice for Afonso V's wife, and not one of his granddaughters. Indifferent to the intrigues, Peter continued his regency and the country prospered under his influence. It is during this period that the first subsidies for the exploration of the Atlantic Ocean were implemented under the auspices of Peter's brother Henry the Navigator.
Alleged Rebellion
On 9 June 1448, Afonso V came of age and Peter returned control of the country to the king. Influenced by Afonso, the Duke of Braganza, Afonso V nullified all of Peter's edicts, including the ones that concentrated power in the figure of the king.
The following year, under accusations that years later would prove false, Afonso V declared Peter a rebel. The situation became unsustainable and a civil war began. It did not last long, because Peter died on 20 May 1449 during the Battle of Alfarrobeira, near Alverca. The exact conditions of his death are debatable: some say it was in combat, while others say he was assassinated by one of his own men.
With the death of Peter, Portugal fell under control of Afonso, Duke of Braganza, with a growing influence over the destiny of the country. However, Peter's regency would never be forgotten, and Peter was cited many times by his grandson King John II of Portugal as his main influence. The cruel persecution of the Braganzas by John II was perhaps the response to the conspiracies that caused the fall of one of the major princes of the Ínclita Geração.
Marriage and issue
In 1429 Peter married Isabella of Urgell, daughter of James II, Count of Urgell, and candidate to the throne of the Crown of Aragon at the Compromise of Caspe. The couple had the following children:
Infante Peter (1429–1466), Constable of Portugal, Count of Barcelona and disputed King of Aragon.
Infante John (1431–1457), married Charlotte of Lusignan, heiress of Cyprus, in 1456. He was created titular Prince of Antioch, and was possibly poisoned by his mother-in-law.
Infanta Isabella (1432–1455), Queen of Portugal by marriage to Afonso V of Portugal. Mother of John II of Portugal.
Infante James (1433–1459), Cardinal and Archbishop of Lisbon, lived in Italy; his tomb is in the convent church of San Miniato al Monte in Florence.
Infanta Beatrice (1435–1462), married Adolph of Cleves, Lord of Ravenstein.
Infanta Philippa (1437–1493), a nun in the Convent of Odivelas.
Catherine (circa 1448 – between 1462 and 1466)
Ancestry
References
Bibliography
The Dukes of Coimbra General Books LLC, 2010.
.
.
Sir G.F.Hill, History of Cyprus (1940), (2nd ed. CUP, 2010), vol.1 of 4.
House of Aviz
Portuguese infantes
101
Knights of the Garter
1392 births
1449 deaths
Regents of Portugal
Portuguese Renaissance humanists
14th-century Portuguese people
15th-century Portuguese people
Sons of kings
is a passenger railway station in located in the city of Shima, Mie Prefecture, Japan, operated by the private railway operator Kintetsu Railway.
Lines
Kashikojima Station is a terminus of the Shima Line and a common destination for Kintetsu limited express trains from , and . The station is 66.0 rail kilometers from the opposing terminus of the Shima Line at Ise-Nakagawa Station.
Station layout
The station consists of four ground-level bay platforms serving 5 tracks. The floor is almost flat between the platforms and north entrance.
Platforms
Adjacent stations
History
Kashikojima Station opened on July 23, 1929 as a station on the Shima Electric Railway. The line was one of six private companies consolidated into Mie Kotsu by order of the Japanese government on February 11, 1944. When Mie Kotsu dissolved on February 1, 1964, the station became part of the Mie Electric Railway, which was then acquired by Kintetsu on April 1, 1965.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2019, the station was used by an average of 730 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
Surrounding area
Shima Kanko Hotel
Shima Marine Land
Ago Bay
Kashikojima Country Club
Goza beach
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Kintetsu: Kashikojima Station
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1929
Railway stations in Mie Prefecture
Stations of Kintetsu Railway
Shima, Mie
Jiřice may refer to places in the Czech Republic:
Jiřice (Nymburk District), a municipality and village in the Central Bohemian Region
Jiřice (Pelhřimov District), a municipality and village in the Vysočina Region
Jiřice u Miroslavi, a municipality and village in the South Moravian Region
Jiřice u Moravských Budějovic, a municipality and village in the South Moravian Region
The Evangelical and Reformed Church (E&R) was a Protestant Christian denomination in the United States. It was formed in 1934 by the merger of the Reformed Church in the United States (RCUS) with the Evangelical Synod of North America (ESNA). A minority within the RCUS remained out of the merger in order to continue the name Reformed Church in the United States. In 1957, the Evangelical and Reformed Church merged with the majority of the Congregational Christian Churches (CC) to form the United Church of Christ (UCC).
History
Origins
Both the Reformed Church and Evangelical Synod originated in the Protestant Reformation in Europe. Almost all their churches in America were established by immigrants from Germany and Switzerland. In 1934, both bodies united to form the Evangelical and Reformed Church.
Reformed Church in the United States
The Reformed Church in the United States, long known as the German Reformed Church, organized its first synod in 1747 and adopted a constitution in 1793. Later, in the 1910s, a small group of immigrant Hungarian Reformed congregations joined the RCUS as a separate judicatory, the Magyar Synod.
The Reformed tradition centered in the state of Pennsylvania, particularly the eastern and central counties of that state, and extended westward toward Ohio and Indiana and southward toward Maryland, Virginia, and North Carolina in the first generation of immigration. Early Reformed adherents settled alongside Lutheran, Schwarzenau Brethren/German Baptists, and sometimes Anabaptist/Mennonite neighbors. Some Reformed congregations in Pennsylvania and North Carolina formed union churches with Lutherans, sharing the same building but operating as separate entities, although they frequently shared Sunday Schools and occasionally ministers.
Up until the early 19th century, the Reformed churches ministered to German immigrants with a broadly Calvinist theology and plain liturgy. However, revivals, inspired by Anglo-Saxon Protestant churches during the Great Awakenings of the late 18th and early 19th centuries, influenced the development of the Reformed churches, especially in frontier regions. Some of the more radical practitioners of revivalism and/or pietism defected to Brethren bodies; still others formed the Churches of God, General Conference, a conservative, doctrinally Arminian group.
A backlash set in, however, against revivals in the form of the Mercersburg Theology movement. Named for the Pennsylvania town where the Reformed seminary was located in the mid-19th century, scholarly and ministerial advocates of this position sought to reclaim an older, European sense of the church as a holy society that understood itself as organically related to Christ. This implied a recovery of early Protestant liturgies and a renewed emphasis upon the rite of Holy Communion, somewhat akin to the Tractarian or Anglo-Catholic movement in Anglicanism but within a Reformation vein. Some leaders, however, saw this platform as an attempt to impose heretical Catholic practice and understandings in a Protestant setting. This group, centered in southeastern Pennsylvania in close proximity to a large Catholic population in Philadelphia and thus motivated by Anti-Catholicism, objected strenuously to the Mercersburg reforms, going so far as to establish a separate seminary now known as Ursinus College. After temporarily causing the Ohio Synod to withdraw from the church, tensions mounted until compromises were worked out and parishes of either low or high church persuasion were allowed to practice their preferences peacefully.
A later group of Germans who had come from the Russian empire, settling in the late 19th century, took root in Wisconsin and spread westward across the Great Plains region; this group spoke German for several generations after the Pennsylvania Dutch had thoroughly Americanized themselves, theologically as well as linguistically. These immigrants did not participate in the Mercersburg/Ursinus struggle; their theological persuasion was decidedly confessionalist, holding to a fairly strict interpretation of the Heidelberg Catechism. So strong were the convictions of some that a few churches in that group, most of which were in South Dakota, defected immediately prior to the 1934 merger, influenced by such strict confessionalism, a belief in biblical inerrancy, and a fear of losing their Reformed roots. That group retained the name Reformed Church in the United States.
This schism aside, by the time of the merger talks, the RCUS had mostly joined the American Protestant mainline, sending missionaries overseas and operating health and welfare institutions (i.e., hospitals, orphanages, nursing homes) throughout much of the United States. Further, the Reformed did some work among Native Americans in Wisconsin. The RCUS' constituency composed slightly over half of the membership of the new denomination in 1934.
Evangelical Synod of North America
The Evangelical Synod of North America (not to be confused with the Evangelical Church, later part of the Evangelical United Brethren Church) was founded in 1840 at Gravois Settlement, Missouri, by a union of Reformed and Lutheran Christians in a manner similar to the creation of the Prussian Union in the early 19th century. In its early years, this union was known as the German Evangelical Church Association of the West.
The epicenter of the component Evangelical tradition was (and is to this day, within the UCC) Saint Louis, Missouri, with a particularly heavy concentration of parishes within a 75-mile radius, in Missouri and Illinois. Elsewhere, Evangelicals tended to settle in large cities of the Midwest, including Cincinnati, Louisville, Detroit, Milwaukee, and Chicago. Rural Evangelical strongholds included southwestern Indiana, southern Michigan and Iowa. In the Southern United States, the ESNA was found primarily in central Texas and New Orleans. These concentrations of German settlement also witnessed a large influx of more confessionally-oriented Lutherans, who formed the current-day Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod in opposition to the syncretism they believed the Evangelicals represented. Almost all other of the contemporaneous Germans were Roman Catholic.
Although their faith was chiefly the product of a forced union by the government in Prussia, the Evangelicals by conviction wished to minimize the centuries-old points of contention between Lutheran and Reformed doctrine and practice. This attitude of moderation was enabled in large measure by the rise of pietism, which stressed a more emotional, less rationalistic approach to the teachings of the Bible, thus disinclining scholars and pastors toward technicalities or polemics. Many Evangelical parishes were founded by pastors trained in interdenominational missionary societies such as the St. Chrischona Pilgrim Mission in Basel, Switzerland, in the early 19th century; they immigrated to the United States to assist settlers fleeing Prussian militarism.
Even to a greater degree than the Reformed, the Evangelicals became most noted among American Protestants for their establishment and staunch support of hospitals, orphanages, and homes for the elderly. Probably most similar in ethos (among English-speaking Protestant groups) to the Methodists, pastors emphasized pietist preaching and catechizing young people for the rite of confirmation, a rite still cherished highly to this day by congregations deriving from ESNA roots. Reflecting a later generation of immigration, the German language persisted for several generations in most congregations before such services were gradually phased out in the era between the World Wars, due in part to anti-German sentiment among some Americans. In 1919, they began missionary efforts in Honduras, establishing what is now called the Evangelical and Reformed Church in Honduras .
In terms of governance, the Evangelicals most resembled American Lutheranism of the time, with high regard for the pastor's authority but essentially congregational in structure, with a lay council handling temporal matters such as property and benevolences.
Merger with Congregational Christian Churches
In 1957, the Evangelical and Reformed Church joined with the General Council of Congregational Christian Churches to form the UCC. The Rev. James Wagner was the last president of the denomination. Upon the union on June 25 of that year, he became, along with former Congregational Christian general minister Fred Hoskins, a co-president of the UCC. He and Hoskins held these positions until 1961, when the UCC constitution was ratified by the Evangelical and Reformed synods and the requisite percentage of CC congregations. About 40 percent of the members in the new denomination were members of the E&R Church.
Organization and theology
The Evangelical and Reformed Church was generally presbyterian in organization, although it allowed for a great deal of local congregational decision-making than more typical Reformed bodies such as Presbyterianism or the Reformed Church in America did. The church organized into some 30 or so regional synods, culminating in a national General Synod that met annually.
The church used several creeds: the Heidelberg Catechism, Martin Luther's catechisms, and the early Lutheran Augsburg Confession; Evangelical and Reformed leaders allowed great latitude in interpretation. In the main, Evangelical and Reformed congregations emphasized piety and service rather than legalistic soteriology or orthodox dogma. Styles of worship ranged from revivalism (especially in Ohio and North Carolina) to a Lutheran-like liturgicism (the Mercersburg Movement found primarily in central Pennsylvania parishes). Generally speaking, the theological outlook of most ministers was largely accepting of liberal trends in Protestant doctrine and higher biblical criticism, although some pockets of conservative revivalistic pietism and confessionalist Calvinism could be found.
Educational institutions
As with most Protestant denominations, the Evangelical and Reformed church maintained educational institutions and foreign missions. Affiliated educational institutions included the Lancaster Theological Seminary, Franklin and Marshall College, Cedar Crest College, and Ursinus College in Pennsylvania, Elmhurst College in Illinois, Hood College in Maryland, Catawba College in North Carolina, Eden Theological Seminary in Missouri, and Heidelberg College in Ohio. An Evangelical and Reformed seminary, Mission House, previously located in Sheboygan, Wisconsin, joined with the school of theology of South Dakota's Yankton College (a Congregational Christian institution) to form the United Theological Seminary of the Twin Cities in the early 1960s. The seminary set up operations in New Brighton, Minnesota, outside St. Paul. In the early 1930s Central Seminary in Dayton, Ohio, a previous merger of Ursinus and Heidelberg Seminaries, was merged with Eden Seminary.
In 1946, in cooperation with three other denominations, it formed the United Andean Indian Mission, an agency that sent missionaries to Ecuador.
Famous members
The list includes members of United Church of Christ congregations of Evangelical and Reformed heritage.
Donald Bloesch
Walter Brueggemann
Leon Jaworski
John Williamson Nevin
Reinhold Niebuhr
Richard Niebuhr
Philip Schaff
Richard Schweiker
Bud Shuster
Paul Tillich
Friedrich Wilhelm von Steuben
John Winebrenner
Victor Paul Wierwille was originally a member before founding The Way International
United States President Theodore Roosevelt attended Washington D.C.'s Grace Reformed Church, an Evangelical and Reformed congregation. Roosevelt originally belonged to the Reformed Church in America (RCA), a Dutch-American group. Since there were no RCA congregations in Washington, he chose Grace Reformed as perhaps the church most similar liturgically and theologically to Dutch Calvinism.
References
Further reading
A History of the Evangelical and Reformed Church, David Dunn, et al.; Lowell H. Zuck, foreword. New York: Pilgrim Press, 1990.
The Shaping of the United Church of Christ: An Essay in the History of American Christianity, Louis H. Gunnemann; Charles Shelby Rooks, ed. Cleveland: United Church Press, 1999.
Builders of Our Foundations - A History of the First Evangelical Church of the Synod, Henry Bode, D.D.; Webster Groves, Missouri: self-published, 1940
United Church of Christ
Christian organizations established in 1934
Former Christian denominations
United Church of Christ predecessor churches
Structuralist economics is an approach to economics that emphasizes the importance of taking into account structural features (typically) when undertaking economic analysis. The approach originated with the work of the Economic Commission for Latin America (ECLA or CEPAL) and is primarily associated with its director Raúl Prebisch and Brazilian economist Celso Furtado. Prebisch began with arguments that economic inequality and distorted development was an inherent structural feature of the global system exchange. As such, early structuralist models emphasised both internal and external disequilibria arising from the productive structure and its interactions with the dependent relationship developing countries had with the developed world. Prebisch himself helped provide the rationale for the idea of Import substitution industrialization, in the wake of the Great Depression and World War II. The alleged declining terms of trade of the developing countries, the Singer–Prebisch hypothesis, played a key role in this.
Details
Dutt and Ros argue that structuralist economists try to identify specific rigidities, lags as well as other characteristics of the structure of developing countries in order to assess the way economies adjust and their responsiveness to development policies. A normal assumption within this approach is that the price mechanism fails
as an equilibrating mechanism,
to deliver steady growth,
to produce a "desired" income distribution.
Nixson reports Bitar's argument that there had become a broad consensus on what amounted to the neostructuralist approach. This included the recognition of:
the importance of political and institutional factors in the analysis of economic problems.
of the need to raise the level of domestic saving in order to raise the rate of investment given that external sources of finance are likely to be hard to come by
inflation as a "social phenomenon" requiring for its elimination social, psychological and political-institutional changes, as well as orthodox monetary and fiscal policies.
the false nature of dilemmas between for example ISI and EOI — planning and the market — agriculture and industry.
the need to strengthen the productive and technological base.
the importance of trying to improve the terms on which countries are integrated into the global economy and to improve international competitiveness.
structural adjustment as only one component of structural change.
More recent contributions to structuralist economics have highlighted the importance of institutions and distribution across both productive sectors and social groups. These institutions and sectors may be incorporated macroeconomic or multisectoral models.
At the macroeconomic level modern structuralists would trace the origins of their approach to Kalecki's Problems of Financing Economic Development in a Mixed Economy. FitzGerald's version of this model of an industrializing economy has three commodity markets (food, manufactures and capital goods), foreign trade and income distribution which underpin the specification of a financial-sector with savings, investment, fiscal and monetary balances. For multisectoral models Social Accounting Matrices (SAMs) (an extension to input-output tables) are often used. Lance Taylor has provided both a technical introduction to a form of structuralist economics and critique of more mainstream approaches.
New structural economics
New structural economics is an economic development strategy developed by World Bank Chief Economist Justin Yifu Lin. The strategy combines ideas from both neoclassical economics and structural economics.
See also
Dependency theory
Singer–Prebisch thesis
Gustavo Garza Villarreal
Developmentalism
World-systems theory
Hierarchy theory
Big history
Notes
Development economics
Schools of economic thought
Kommuna (; ) is a rural locality (a selo) in Chokhsky Selsoviet, Gunibsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 734 as of 2010.
Nationalities
Avars live there.
Geography
Kommuna is located 7 km south of Gunib (the district's administrative centre) by road. Gunib and Khutni are the nearest rural localities.
References
Rural localities in Gunibsky District
Krzywowola is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec Fabryczny, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Rejowiec Fabryczny, west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Elizabeth Clare Douglas (21 February 1944 – 9 July 2017) was a British film editor who received a BAFTA Award for Best Editing for the 2006 film United 93. Douglas worked extensively for British television, and had been nominated four times for BAFTA Television Editing Awards.
Biography
Following a degree in English and drama at Bristol University, Douglas entered a film program at Hornsey College of Art. She was a trainee at the BBC and worked as an editor there on a range of documentaries and dramas. Her freelance career began when Dennis Potter asked her to leave and edit for his company.
Bloody Sunday
Douglas was nominated for a BAFTA Television Craft Award for the editing of Bloody Sunday (2002), which was directed by Paul Greengrass. Bloody Sunday was honored by the Golden Bear award as best film at the Berlin International Film Festival. The editing of Bloody Sunday was noted in J. Hoberman's review of the film: The editing of Black Hawk Down (2001) had just won Pietro Scalia an Academy Award when Hoberman was writing his review. In a similar vein, Tor Thorsen wrote:
United 93
United 93 was directed by Paul Greengrass, and was edited by Douglas, Christopher Rouse, and Richard Pearson. The use of three editors for the film was dictated by its short production period, which was less than six months between the start of filming and release of the film. Greengrass and Douglas had worked together quite successfully on the film Bloody Sunday (2002); Greengrass, Rouse, and Pearson had just edited The Bourne Supremacy (2004). Despite the accelerated production schedule for United 93, the editing was very successful. In addition to the BAFTA award, the editors were also nominated for an Academy Award for Film Editing and for an ACE Eddie award. Ellen Feldman wrote an analysis of the film's editing.
The Lost Prince and the le Carré Miniseries
Douglas' later BAFTA television nomination was for editing The Lost Prince (2003), which was written and directed by Stephen Poliakoff; The Lost Prince won a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Miniseries.
Much earlier, Douglas had been nominated twice as best editor for two miniseries based on John le Carré's espionage novels Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy (directed by John Irvin-1979) and Smiley's People, (1982) which was directed by Simon Langton. Douglas also edited a third miniseries based on le Carré's novel A Perfect Spy (1987).
Douglas died on 9 July 2017, aged 73.
Selected filmography
Director indicated in parenthesis.
References
External links
The Text by Claire Douglas
1944 births
2017 deaths
Best Editing BAFTA Award winners
British film editors
British women film editors
Nikos Bourganis (; born 21 April 1997) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Super League 2 club Niki Volos.
Career
Early career
Nikolaos Bourganis has been at PAOK since 2019. He is a strong, tall and ever-evolving goalkeeper, comfortable with the ball at his feet and possesses great reactions in one-on-one situations. He first became acquainted with the position of goalkeeper at the age of seven at Theseas Agrias, although he started out as a striker. At the age of 18 he went to Niki Volou, followed by Olympiakos Volou (making two appearances in the third tier), then Volos (26 appearances), where he remained after the team was promoted to the second tier. In 2019, PAOK entered his life and at the same time AE Karaiskakis – along with Chatzistravos and Meletidis – where in two seasons he played in 16 games. It's now time for him to wear the Double-headed Eagle on his chest for PAOK B.
Honours
Volos
Gamma Ethniki: 2017–18
Football League: 2018–19
References
1997 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Gamma Ethniki players
Football League (Greece) players
Super League Greece players
Super League Greece 2 players
Olympiacos Volos F.C. players
Volos N.F.C. players
PAOK FC players
A.E. Karaiskakis F.C. players
Association football goalkeepers
People from Agria
Footballers from Thessaly
Pentiment is an upcoming adventure video game by Obsidian Entertainment and published by Xbox Game Studios. The game is scheduled for release in November 2022 for Windows, Xbox One and Xbox Series X/S platforms.
Gameplay
Pentiment is a narrative adventure role-playing video game set in Bavaria in the 16th century. The player, as the journeyman artist Andreas Maler, investigates the murder of a prominent person for which his friend has been accused. The story spans 25 years and never canonically reveals the true murderer. Instead the player is meant to accuse an individual based on either who they think did it or who most deserves punishment. Concurrent with the main murder plot are other crimes and conspiracies.
The game's art style is a mix of late medieval manuscripts, early print, and woodcuts at the transition from late medieval to early modern art.
Development
Game developer Josh Sawyer first pitched Pentiment to Feargus Urquhart when they worked at Black Isle Studios. Sawyer was inspired by the historical fiction of Darklands, a 1992 role-playing video game by MicroProse that combined the Middle Ages with supernatural themes. Urquhart thought it would have little appeal outside of history afficionados. Sawyer pitched Urquhart again, years later, when they both worked at Obsidian Entertainment, following the release of the 2018 Pillars of Eternity II: Deadfire. He reframed the game as a narrative adventure with mystery components and gameplay similar to Night in the Woods or Oxenfree. The small development team was commensurate with the game's niche attraction. Sawyer credited art director Hannah Kennedy's art style and interest in the concept as being vital to the project's early support. The team looked at illuminated medieval manuscripts in the Getty Museum and Huntington Library in California for inspiration, as well as consulting with manuscript experts such as Christopher de Hamel. They initially worked as a team of two, later the team was expanded to 13 people.
Microsoft's acquisition of Obsidian in 2018 brought the game accessibility and localization support, such as a mode with typefaces easier to read, features like text to speech, and robust translations for non-English speakers in a text-heavy game.
Pentiment is scheduled for release in November 2022 for Xbox and Windows platforms.
References
Further reading
External links
Upcoming video games scheduled for 2022
Adventure games
Obsidian Entertainment games
Role-playing video games
Video games set in the 16th century
Video games set in Germany
Video games developed in the United States
Windows games
Xbox One games
Xbox Series X and Series S games
Microsoft games
Libraries in the Medieval and Renaissance Periods was the Rede Lecture of 1894, given by John Willis Clark. It was published as a book later in the same year.
The lecture was delivered at the University of Cambridge on 13 June 1894. It was reported in The Times on the day following with mention of the use of lantern slides. It covered what it refers to the libraries of the Ancient Romans as being the precursors for the libraries of the Middle Ages and Renaissance period. Then stepping through the publication of the rule of St. Benedict, early in the sixth century, that by the end of the 11th century that Benedictine houses possessed two sets of books—(1) distributed among the brethren; (2) that were kept in some safe place, and recounts that the Durham Rites spoke of book-presses standing in the cloister against the walls. Then by the beginning of the 15th century the larger monasteries at least had accumulated many hundred volumes as the number of the books had naturally increased.
With the development of the two universities in England, also came the development of their libraries, with the statues of the time affecting the libraries showing in the codes that the provisions imposed upon the colleges of Oxford and Cambridge were borrowed directly from the monastic customs. Though the universities at those times used to chain the works to the shelves, with a length of chain that would stretch to a nearby desk, and with this practice existing through the 16th and 17th century. The practice of chaining books diminished with the increasing number of available works with the development of printing. Then how these factors affected the design and use of libraries of the period/
The later published work was approximately 60 pages in length, and contained both engravings and, then, contemporary photographs of various libraries and features of libraries.
References
External links
1894 non-fiction books
Books of lectures
Mount Field is a mountain located about east of the town of Field in Yoho National Park, Canada. The mountain was named in 1884 after Cyrus West Field, an American merchant who had laid the first Atlantic cable, 1858, a second in 1866; Mr. Field was visiting the Canadian Rockies the year as a guest of the CPR who were building the national railway, at the naming of a station and a mountain.
The Burgess Shale is located below the ridge connecting Mt. Field to Wapta Mountain.
References
External links
Mount Field in the Canadian Mountain Encyclopedia.
Cyrus W. Field at the Atlantic Cable history website.
Two-thousanders of British Columbia
Canadian Rockies
Columbia Country
Mountains of Yoho National Park
Kootenay Land District
Wat Wang Wiwekaram (, ; ), or Wat Luang Pho Uttama (; ), is a temple at Ban Wang Kalang. It was originally built in 1953 by Luang Pho Uttma with the help of a local immigrant population of Karen and Mon peoples. It is located in Sangkhlaburi District, Kanchanaburi, near the Thai-Burma border, 220 kilometers from Muang Kanchanaburi District.
It consisted only of a cloister and pavilion, and the villagers generally called it Luang Por Uttama Temple. It was located on a high hill in the Sam Phrai area, near three rivers, the Songkhaliar, the Beak, and the Rantee. In 1962 the Department of Religious Affairs authorized Wat Wang Wiwekaram, which is based on the district's original name, "Wang Ka."
The Electricity Generating Authority of Thailand built Khao Laem (or Vajiralongkorn) Dam in 1984. The water behind the dam threatened to flood the district, including the Mon village located there. Therefore, the temple was moved to a hill named Luang Pho Uttama, and of land per family was allocated to the villagers. The village has approximately 1,000 rais and the same number of residents who grow vegetables, fish, or work at a garment factory not far from the village.
The new Wat Wang Wiwekaram was completed in 1985, with built-in Mon and Thai architectural styles. Luang Por Uttama's body is kept there in a glass coffin. The sermon hall is a two-story concrete building; the ground floor is used for various merit-earning events. The upper floor is a museum that houses palm scriptures, ancient Mon scripts, images of the Buddha, ash statues, and various utensils.
The old temple site is now underwater and has become a tourist attraction known as Sangkhlaburi Underwater Temple.
References
Buddhist temples in Kanchanaburi Province
Lieutenant St John Graham Young GC (16 June 1921 – 24 July 1944) was a decorated British Army officer of the Second World War.
He was posthumously awarded the George Cross, the highest British (and Commonwealth) award for bravery out of combat, for his heroism in rescuing his comrades from a minefield in Italy on 23 July 1944. He was serving with the Royal Tank Regiment, attached to the Central India Horse, part of the Indian Armoured Corps.
Notice of the award was published in the London Gazette on 20 July 1945. Young had been leading a night patrol on 23 July 1944, when he and his men found themselves in an enemy minefield. He received the full force of a mine explosion, severely injuring both legs. Despite his wounds, his encouragement enabled the majority of his men to reach safety. One of them, Sowar Ditto Ram, was also posthumously awarded the GC for his actions in the same incident.
Young was born in Esher in Surrey, educated at Bloxham School in Oxfordshire and commissioned into the RTR in 1942. He is buried in Arezzo War Cemetery.
References
Kempton, Chris, The Victoria Crosses and George Crosses of the Honourable East India Company and Indian Army, Military Press, 2001,
King George V's Own Central India Horse. The story (continued) of a Local Corps. Volume 2 by Brig. A. A. Filose.
1921 births
1944 deaths
British recipients of the George Cross
British Indian Army officers
Royal Tank Regiment officers
British Army personnel killed in World War II
People educated at Bloxham School
People from Esher
Indian Army personnel of World War II
Burials at Arezzo War Cemetery
Military personnel from Surrey
Christopher Jeremiah "Kit" Symons (born 8 March 1971) is a professional association football manager and former Welsh international footballer. As a professional player, he had lengthy spells at Portsmouth, Manchester City and Fulham as well as earning 36 caps for the Wales national football team. He is currently the assistant manager of Wales national football team.
Club playing career
Symons was born in Basingstoke, Hampshire. He made more than 100 League appearances for each of his first three clubs – Portsmouth, Manchester City and Fulham. He played for Fulham until December 2001, when he was signed by Crystal Palace for £400,000, the club at which he finished his playing career after 60 senior appearances.
International career
Symons won 36 caps for Wales, scoring twice. His first appearance was against the Republic of Ireland on 19 February 1992 and his last appearance was on 6 October 2001 against Belarus. Symons qualified to play for Wales because his father was from Cardiff.
Coaching and management
He became caretaker manager at Palace, and following the subsequent appointment of Iain Dowie he combined the roles of player and assistant manager, as the club gained promotion to the Premier League.
After Peter Taylor was dismissed as Palace manager on 8 October 2007, Symons was confirmed as caretaker manager before the appointment of Neil Warnock three days later. Palace did not play during this time. Following Warnock's appointment, Symons stepped down from his position of assistant manager and left the club on 15 October 2007.
Symons joined Colchester United on 16 January 2008 following Micky Adams' resignation as assistant manager the previous week. He was appointed as Colchester's caretaker manager on 22 September 2008 after the departure of Geraint Williams. He led the club to two wins in five games, in the process becoming the bookie's favourite to get the job full-time. However, he left the club after Paul Lambert took over as manager on 9 October 2008.
Symons was subsequently employed by Fulham as Senior Scout and Academy Coach.
In January 2012 Symons was appointed to the Wales national team coaching staff under team manager Chris Coleman.
On 18 September 2014, Symons was confirmed as caretaker manager of Fulham following the departure of Felix Magath. On 29 October 2014, after a string of good results (5 wins in 9 games), Symons was announced as the full-time manager of Fulham. Symons stated that it was "no secret this is a club that is very close to my heart and this is a job I've always really wanted to do." Khan also stated that Symons' "passion for everything that Fulham represents came through loud and clear."
In July 2015, Symons resigned his position with the Wales national team to concentrate on his role with Fulham.
Symons was dismissed by Fulham on 8 November 2015, the day after a 5–2 defeat by Birmingham City at Craven Cottage.
Symons rejoined Wales as coach in August 2016. On 17 November 2017, Symons left his coaching role with Wales following the resignation of Chris Coleman. On 19 November 2017, Symons was announced as assistant manager at Sunderland following Coleman's appointment as manager. Both were released from their contracts after Sunderland's relegation to League One was confirmed. In June 2018, after Coleman's appointment as manager of Hebei China Fortune, Symons again joined him as assistant.
Managerial statistics
References
External links
1971 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Basingstoke
English footballers
Welsh footballers
Wales international footballers
Association football defenders
Portsmouth F.C. players
Manchester City F.C. players
Fulham F.C. players
Crystal Palace F.C. players
Premier League players
English Football League players
English football managers
Welsh football managers
Crystal Palace F.C. managers
Colchester United F.C. managers
Fulham F.C. managers
English Football League managers
Crystal Palace F.C. non-playing staff
Colchester United F.C. non-playing staff
Fulham F.C. non-playing staff
Sunderland A.F.C. non-playing staff
Footballers from Hampshire
Association football coaches
Association football scouts
Elizabeth Lawrie Smellie (March 22, 1884 – March 5, 1968), also known as Beth Smellie, was a Canadian nurse and the first woman to be promoted to the rank of colonel in the Canadian Army.
Early life
She was born at Port Arthur, Ontario, to Thomas Smellie, Conservative member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario for Fort William and Lake of the Woods from 1905–1911, and Janet Eleanor Lawrie. She trained at the Johns Hopkins School of Nursing in Baltimore, Maryland. To her family and friends, she was known as "Beth".
Nursing career
In August 1914 Beth Smellie applied to be a Red Cross nurse; she was told to report to Ottawa 25 January 1915. During World War I, she was posted at Cliveden, Lady Astor's estate, and became matron of the Moore Barracks Hospital at Shorncliffe Army Camp where thousands of Canadian soldiers were treated. In 1917 she was decorated by King George V at Buckingham Palace with the first class Royal Red Cross.
After further post-war training in Boston, she taught public health nursing for two years at McGill University, Montreal. She was Chief Superintendent of the Victorian Order of Nurses from January 1924 to May 1947, except during World War II, when she was recalled up into the Canadian army as Colonel and Matron-in-chief of the Canadian Women's Army Medical Corps from 1940 until 1944. She was the first woman to achieve the rank of colonel in the Canadian army.
A portrait of Smellie, painted by Kenneth Forbes, was unveiled by her successor in Ottawa in 1944.
Elizabeth Smellie was made a Commander of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire in 1934 again from the hands of King George V.
Even after a few years of Smellie living through her successful career of being a Canadian nurse, she frequently enjoyed getting back together with her nurse colleagues. For instance, on May 29, 1963, Winnipeg Free Press published a picture of Elizabeth Smellie along with her three other wartime nursing sisters at a supper party. The supper party was organized in honor of Elizabeth by the Canadian Nursing Sisters Association in Deer Lodge Hospital nurses' lounge. The three nursing sisters with Smellie were Katherine Morton, Evelyn Pepper of Ottawa and Mrs. Alex Noble.
She died in Toronto in 1968 at the age of 83 and is buried in Riverside Cemetery, Thunder Bay, Ontario.
Legacy
A historical marker to Smellie was erected by the Ontario Heritage Foundation, and stands in Waverley Park, Thunder Bay, Ontario. It reads:
This celebrated Canadian army nurse and public health authority was born in Port Arthur, Ontario. In 1901 "Beth" Smellie became night supervisor at McKellar General Hospital. Joining the Royal Canadian Army Medical Corps in 1915, she served in France and England. Elizabeth Smellie was demobilized in 1920 and three years later became Chief Superintendent of the Victorian Order of Nurses for Canada. She re-entered the army in 1940 and a year later supervised the organization of the Canadian Women's Army Corps. The first woman to attain the rank of Colonel in Canada's Armed Forces, Col. Smellie achieved many honours, including Commander of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire and the Royal Red Cross Medal. After World War II she returned to the V.O.N., and retired in 1947.
Smellie was designated a Person of National Historic Significance in 2011 by the federal government, on the recommendation of the national Historic Sites and Monuments Board. A federal plaque is typically erected to such Persons, as well as for National Historic Events and Sites. As of 2015, one had not been installed to Smellie. The mandate of the Historic Sites and Monuments Board of Canada is to advise the Government of Canada, through the Minister of the Environment, on the commemoration of nationally significant aspects of Canada's history following a thorough evaluation process and recommendation by the Board, the Minister declares the site, event or person of national historic significance.
References
MacLean, Mary R. Colonel Elizabeth Smellie CBE, Thunder Bay Historical Museum Society, Papers and Records, III (1975), 16-18 with reproduction of portrait by Kenneth Forbes on page 16.
External links
Famous Canadian Women
1884 births
1968 deaths
Johns Hopkins School of Nursing alumni
Canadian military personnel of World War II
Canadian Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Female wartime nurses
Members of the Royal Red Cross
People from Thunder Bay
World War II nurses
Female nurses in World War I
Canadian military nurses
Persons of National Historic Significance (Canada)
The Kyle Hills () are a prominent group of volcanic cones, hills, ridges, and peaks that occupy the eastern part of Ross Island, Antarctica, between Mount Terror and Cape Crozier. The hills extend east–west for , rising from sea level at Cape Crozier to about in Mount McIntosh at the western end of the group. Local relief of features is on the order of .
The hills were named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (2000) after Philip R. Kyle, Professor of Geochemistry at the New Mexico Institute of Mining and Technology, Socorro, who worked extensively in Antarctica over 28 field seasons, 1969–2000, completing six seasons under New Zealand Antarctic Research Program auspices, 1969–76. He was a principal investigator on numerous National Science Foundation research projects in 23 seasons of field work under United States Antarctic Program auspices, 1977–2000, with focus on long-term research of the volcano Mount Erebus, and was in charge of the Mount Erebus Volcano Observatory, 2000.
References
Hills of the Ross Dependency
Volcanoes of Ross Island
Return to Seoul () or All The People I'll Never Be is a 2022 drama film directed and written by Davy Chou. A French-German-Belgian coproduction, the film revolves around Freddie (Ji-Min Park), a 25-year old French adoptee, who goes to South Korea to find her biological family. The film premiered on 22 May at the 2022 Cannes Film Festival under the Un Certain Regard section.
Premise
"The pic centers on 25-year-old Freddie, who impulsively returns to South Korea for the first time, where she was born before being adopted and raised in France. The headstrong young woman starts looking for her biological parents in a country she knows so little about, taking her life in new and unexpected directions."
Cast
Production
Director Davy Chou got the idea for the film from a similar experience with his friend, also a French woman in her 20s adopted from South Korean biological parents, who traveled with him to South Korea during the filming of his 2011 film Golden Slumbers to meet her biological father and grandmother for the first time. Seeing how emotional their meeting was, he decided to make a film on similar lines. Not knowledgeable in Korean culture or the experience of adoption at first, he researched these elements by talking to his friend and other adoptees as well as reading books, identifying some similarities with his own life as the son of immigrants from Cambodia who had left the country before the Khmer Rouge took over. Chou met Ji-Min Park through a "personal introduction" and decided to cast her as Freddie, her first film role, as he saw her as someone who "shared the essence of Freddie's free-spiritedness". He further developed her characterization through conversations with Park, which "challenged some of his notions as a male director and helped him understand how a young French woman might respond to aspects of Korea's highly patriarchal society." Filming took place over six weeks in late 2021 in South Korea and Romania.
Release
The film was first shown at the 2022 Cannes Film Festival on 22 May under the English title All The People I'll Never Be in the Un Certain Regard section. Shortly before it was shown, MUBI and Sony Pictures Classics acquired the distribution rights to the film in different regions, with Sony Pictures Classics changing the film's English title to Return to Seoul.
References
External links
2022 drama films
2022 films
Belgian drama films
German drama films
Films set in South Korea
Films shot in South Korea
Films shot in Romania
Films directed by Davy Chou
2020s French films
Lexos is a railway station in Varen, Tarn-et-Garonne, Occitanie, France. It is on the Brive-Toulouse (via Capdenac) line and is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF. A former Montauban branch line also terminated here.
It was opened in 1858 by the Compagnie du chemin de fer de Paris à Orléans. Its imposing passenger terminal building was classified as a Monument historique in 2007.
History
The station at Lexos was opened on 30 August 1858 by the Compagnie du chemin de fer de Paris à Orléans (CFPO), when it inaugurated the Montauban to Capdenac line, which it took over on 11 April 1857 while it was still under construction following the failure of the :fr:Compagnie du chemin de fer Grand-Central de France. The station is on the north bank of the Aveyron. The imposing neo-18th C station was built in several phases between 1858 and its completion in 1883. It is thought to have been modelled on the then Paris terminus of the CFPO, the Gare d'Austerlitz.
The station was connected to Toulouse on 24 October 1864 when the line from Toulouse-Matabiau to Lexos was opened by the CFPO.
Traffic was originally generated by the output of the steel and mining centers of Aubin and Decazeville, as well as the exploitation of stone quarries in Lexos. The local lime works was transformed into a flourishing cement plant which survived until its sudden closure in 1994. At the beginning of the 1880s, the opening of other routes to Paris marked the decline of the station.
In the 1940s, Lexos was an important railway junction with substantial freight activity and employing dozens of railway workers. During the second half of the 20th century, traffic decreased due to the closure of lines and local industry. By 1999 there were no longer any permanent staff at the station.
It is listed as a single platform "local" station (SNCF classification "C" – less than 100,000 travellers per year). According to SNCF, annual usage in 2014 was 4,720 travellers.
Protected status
The façades and roofs of the passenger building, the engine shed and the goods shed were placed on the Monuments historiques register on 11 July 2007.
Train services
There are seven trains per day in each direction on the TER Occitanie Line 3 (Toulouse – Figeac – Aurillac local service) that stop at Lexos.
References
Railway stations in Tarn-et-Garonne
Railway stations in France opened in 1858
The men's 3000 metres steeplechase event at the 2010 Asian Games was held at the Aoti Main Stadium, Guangzhou, China on 23 November 2010.
Schedule
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+08:00)
Records
Results
References
Results
Athletics at the 2010 Asian Games
2010
Terrace Park is the name of some places in the United States:
Terrace Park, Ohio, a village in Ohio, United States
Terrace Park (Sioux Falls, South Dakota), a public park in Sioux Falls, South Dakota, United States
Terrace Park (Tampa), a neighborhood within the City of Tampa, Florida, United States
Jürgen Heinrichs (born 21 January 1977) is a German former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.
References
1977 births
Living people
German footballers
Association football midfielders
Eerste Divisie players
SC Fortuna Köln players
1. FC Köln II players
1. FC Kleve players
Fortuna Sittard players
SV Bergisch Gladbach 09 players
German expatriate footballers
German expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Drive, She Said is a 1997 Canadian film by Mina Shum, starring Moira Kelly, Sebastian Spence and Josh Hamilton.
Plot summary
Nadine (Moira Kelly), a bank teller, is taken hostage by Tass (Josh Hamilton), who has robbed the bank to pay for medical care for his ailing mother. The film focuses on the developing relationship between Nadine and Tass, and Nadine's changing views in relation to her conventional life and relationships. The police and Nadine's longtime boyfriend, fellow bank employee Jonathan (Sebastian Spence) search for and successfully find her, though also find that she has been permanently affected by her time with Tass.
Critical reception
The film was Shum's second film, after her well-received 1994 film, Double Happiness, which starred Sandra Oh. Drive, She Said received mixed reviews. Writing in Variety, Derek Elley described the film as "a meet-cute road movie that starts in high gear but soon takes too many left turns for its own good. Mina Shum's second feature, after her well-remarked, Chinese-themed low-budgeter 'Double Happiness' is too mild a confection to motor on to much theatrical business."
Release History
The film, produced by Stephen Hegyes had a limited release. It premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival in 1997, where audience reaction was positive, but did not generate firm distribution interest. It was then shown at the Popcorn Festival in Sweden, in 1998. Also in 1998, the film was invited to the competition section of the Delle Donne International Film Festival, in Turin, Italy.
Cast
Moira Kelly ... Nadine Ship
Sebastian Spence ... Jonathan Evans
Josh Hamilton ... Tass Richards
Jim Byrnes ... Dr. Glen Green
Lori Ann Triolo ... Jo (as Lori Triolo)
Peter Stebbings ... Detective Eddie
David Hurtubise ... Ben Polstein
Hiromoto Ida ... Sloan
Mina Shum ... Chen
John B. Destry ... Bob The Guard (as John Destry)
Hrothgar Mathews ... Ernie
Carrie Cain-Sparks ... The Waitress (as Carrie Cain Sparks)
Mike Crestejo ... Bike Cop
Amanda Leary ... Bank Heistess
Allan Franz ... Medic
Tom Scholte ... Arnold The Gas Guy
Tom Shorthouse ... Kindly Older Gent
Tong Lung ... Counter Person
Alex Diakun ... The Prophecy
Carla Stewart ... Mrs. Richards
Harry Kalinski ... Merlin The Driver (as Harry Kalensky)
Micki Maunsell ... Cranky Lady
References
External links
Canadian drama films
English-language Canadian films
1997 films
Films directed by Mina Shum
Films shot in British Columbia
1990s English-language films
1990s Canadian films
Regresó el Jefe (in English, The Boss is Back) is the sixth studio album by Elvis Crespo that was released to the public on June 5, 2007. It is Crespo's first album in three years.
The album features special appearances by fellow Puerto Rican merengue singer Giselle, and Dominican singers Los Hermanos Rosario. Also, the first single - "La Foto se me Borró" - features the vocals of a new merengue group produced by Crespo called Zone D'Tambora.
The song "Échate Pa'Cá" was the song that Puerto Rican group Grupo Manía (Crespo's previous group) popularized after Crespo briefly rejoined the group for a tour entitled The Originals.
Track listing
All songs written by E. Crespo, except where noted.
"20 Aky"
"La Foto Se Me Borró"(E. Crespo, Zone D' Tambora)
"Con el Tiempo y un Ganchito"
"Bambaribiri"(E. Crespo, ñejo)
"Llore y Llore"
"Tala Tala"
"Mi Fracaso"
"Los Caminos de la Vida" (E. Crespo, Los Hermanos Rosario)
"Ito Ito Bonito"
"Te Veo Triste" (E. Crespo, Gisselle)
"Así Es La Vida"
"Échate Pa'Cá" (E. Crespo, Grupo Manía)
"La Foto Se Me Borró" (Bachata Mix)(E. Crespo, Zone D' Tambora)
References
Elvis Crespo albums
2007 albums
Machete Music albums
Aklan Polytechnic College is a private educational institution in Kalibo, Aklan, Philippines. It was established primarily as a maritime school but at present it already offers nursing, business, and other courses. It has recently offered tourism management course starting 2014-2015
School names
1987-2007: Aklan Polytechnic Institute
2007–Present: Aklan Polytechnic College
Departments
Secondary/High School
Tertiary/College
BS in Business Administration
BS in Computer Engineering
BS in Computer Science
BS in Customs Administration
BS in Marine Engineering
BS in Marine Transportation
BS in Nursing
The College was able to produce numerous topnotchers in their various courses, Mr. Arren Mado (Top 8) Nurse Licensure Examination November 2015, Capt. Rommel Sison (Top 1)Master Mariner Examination, Capt. Godofredo Mortel, to name the few. Way back 2008, the college of Nursing was recognized by the Commission on Higher Education (CHED) as one of the top performing nursing school in the Philippines by the number of passing percentage in the Nurse Licensure Examination.
The College of Nursing is considered as one of the toughest course in the college because of the standards set and implemented. The passing grade for every subject is 81 and the student has to maintain this in order to stay in the college until they graduate. Presently, the Dean of the College is Mrs. Elvie Abello Imason-Ramos, MN, MAN, RN and most of its faculty are master's degree holder in Nursing and some are licensed teacher.
Campus
Main - Quezon Avenue, Kalibo, Aklan
Tambak Campus - Tambak, New Washington, Aklan
See also
List of schools in Kalibo
External links
Aklan Polytechnic College - Tambak Campus
References
Universities and colleges in Aklan
Doncaster Museum and Art Gallery is a museum in Doncaster, South Yorkshire, England.
History
The first Doncaster Museum opened in 1909 at Beechfield House, utilising only the ground floor of the building, and operated a small zoo at the site from 1955. It moved to a purpose-built site on Chequer Road in 1964 to display collections of natural history, archaeology, local history, fine and decorative art. The holotype of the extinct species Ichthyosaurus anningae was identified in the museum's collection in 2008 and formally named in 2015. The building also houses the Regimental Museum of the King's Own Yorkshire Light Infantry. The Roman Danum shield, found in Doncaster in 1971 is on display in the museum.
The museum won the "Most Improved Audience Figures" award from Audiences Yorkshire in 2009.
Redevelopment
The former museum site closed on 17 January 2020, with the move to a new venue, originally intended to open in summer 2020. The COVID-19 pandemic caused delays to the relocation process. The new building, which cost £14 million, was completed in October 2020. The new museum is called 'The Danum Gallery, Library and Museum' and encloses the Doncaster High School for Girls building. The new museum opened to the public on 29 May 2021.
A new rail heritage centre opened on 19 September 2021 within the venue exhibits the Great Northern Railway C1 class locomotive No. 251 and the London and North Eastern Railway Class V2 4771 locomotive Green Arrows to celebrate the contribution Doncaster made to the rail industry. Both locomotives were built in Doncaster and are on loan from the National Railway Museum for three years from February 2021.
References
External links
Buildings and structures in Doncaster
Education in Doncaster
Museums established in 1964
Art museums and galleries in South Yorkshire
Museums in South Yorkshire
Local museums in South Yorkshire
1964 establishments in England
Shahpur is a town and a nagar panchayat in Burhanpur district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh.
The Shahpur Nagar Panchayat has population of 19,719 of which 10,174 are males while 9,545 are females as per report released by Census India 2011.
From 1957 till 2003 had a separate MLA seat, now merged it is with Burhanpur. It is located at Icchapur–Indore State Highway, connected with major villages of the area.
Shahapur was the Deshmukhi seat of administration during Maratha Empire and British rule. At present the president of shahpur is Mrs. Shobha Rambhau Lande.
It is the first Nagar Panchayat of its kind in the state with all wards having names of historical leaders and Sant-Mahatmas. It has total 15 wards having names of Sant-Mahatmas, Historical-Political Leader and Social Workers.
Shahpur town is one of the main centers of banana farming in the Burhanpur district. Around 50 small villages are connected to Shahpur town, hence it is in demand for separate Tehsil.
Most of the population of the town are Marathi following all Marathi traditions and festivals such as – Pola, Gudipadwa, Dashehra and Deewali, etc. Shahpur is famous for Buffalo fight organizing every year on the next day of Deewali.
Geography
Shahpur is located at . It has an average elevation of 238 metres (780 feet).
Transport
Burhanpur District is just 12Km away from the town.
The nearest airport is indore.
Demographics
The Shahpur Nagar Panchayat has population of 19,719 of which 10,174 are males while 9,545 are females as per report released by Census India 2011.
Population of Children with age of 0-6 is 2675 which is 13.57% of total population of Shahpur (NP). In Shahpur Nagar Panchayat, Female Sex Ratio is of 938 against state average of 931. Moreover Child Sex Ratio in Shahpur is around 841 compared to Madhya Pradesh state average of 918. Literacy rate of Shahpur city is 70.21% higher than state average of 69.32%. In Shahpur, Male literacy is around 77.87% while female literacy rate is 62.19%.
Shahpur Nagar Panchayat has total administration over 4,062 houses to which it supplies basic amenities like water and sewerage. It is also authorized building roads within Nagar Panchayat limits and impose taxes on properties coming under its jurisdiction.
Educational Institution
Prominent educational institutions include-
1. Shahpur Pvt. Industrial Training Institute (ITI)
2. Gyandeep hr. Sec. School Shahpur
3. Swami Vivekanand College Shahpur
Notable people
Indrasen Deshmukh, Progressive Agricultarist and politician
References
Cities and towns in Burhanpur district
Burhanpur
Pam Zekman (born October 22, 1944 in Chicago) is an American journalist who had been an investigative reporter at WBBM-TV in Chicago from 1981 to 2020. A graduate of the University of California, Berkeley, Zekman spent over a decade as a newspaper reporter before working in television. Zekman is known for her aggressive investigative work, including the purchase of the Mirage Tavern. She has shared two Pulitzer Prizes for her reporting for the Chicago Tribune (1971–76) and the Chicago Sun-Times (1976–81).
As a young woman, Zekman was also a competitive figure skater, finishing fifth in junior ladies singles at the 1961 United States Figure Skating Championships.
Zekman, along with fellow WBBM personalities, police reporter John Drummond, chief correspondent Jay Levine, and then evening anchor/reporter Lester Holt appeared in the final scenes of the 1993 film The Fugitive, playing themselves. She, along with Drummond, also appeared in the 1996 film Chain Reaction.
Zekman was sued for defamation and libel by the chief toxicologist of the Cook County medical examiner's office after reporting the office was mishandling cases. The case was dismissed on both counts.
Zekman began working at WBBM in 1981, and in that time she has investigated Medicare fraud, dangerous cab and bus drivers, tax fraud, and government waste, among many other things. Zekman was laid off on May 27, 2020.
Personal life
Zekman has been married twice. Her first husband was U.S. district judge James Zagel. The couple divorced in 1975. Her second husband, former Chicago newspaperman Rick Soll, died on April 22, 2016.
Zekman's father, Theodore N. Zekman, was a Chicago ophthalmologist.
References
External links
"Pam Zekman" Bio from WBBM-TV, CBS2Chicago.
1944 births
Living people
Television anchors from Chicago
Chicago Sun-Times people
Chicago Tribune people
American female single skaters
American women television journalists
21st-century American women
Thermopylae is a 1966 bronze sculpture by Dimitri Hadzi, installed at Boston City Hall Plaza near the John F. Kennedy Federal Building, in Boston's Government Center, in the U.S. state of Massachusetts.
Description
The abstract sculpture is approximately 12 ft. tall and 16 ft. wide, and weighs 2.5 tons. It was commissioned by the commissioned by the General Services Administration and commemorates John F. Kennedy. A plaque reads: "THERMOPYLAE" / DIMITRI HADZI, SCULPTOR / "THERMOPYLAE", WHICH IS A 12-FOOT HIGH, 2-1/2 TON BRONZE SCULPTURE, WAS INSPIRED, / "PROFILES IN COURAGE" AND THE BRILLIANT WAR RECORD OF PRESIDENT JOHN F. KENNEDY, / IT IS NAMED AFTER THE GREEK BATTLE WHERE THE SPARTANS, IN A DISPLAY OF GREAT / COURAGE, FOUGHT THE PERSIANS TO THE LAST MAN. / THOROUGHLY SYMBOLIC IN ITS ABSTRACT SHAPES, BASICALLY ORGANIC IN FORM, THE HEAVY / FORMS CONTRAST WITH THIN, SOLID WITH OPEN, VERTICAL WITH HORIZONTAL, AND ROUND / WITH ANGULAR. THROUGH THE EFFECT OF THE SUN, RAIN, AND SNOW ON THE SCULPTURE, / THE VIEWER IS PROVIDED WITH EVER CHANGING VISUAL AND EMOTIONAL EXPERIENCES.
The sculpture was surveyed by the Smithsonian Institution's "Save Outdoor Sculpture!" program in 1997.
See also
1966 in art
References
External links
1966 establishments in Massachusetts
1966 sculptures
Abstract sculptures in the United States
Bronze sculptures in Massachusetts
Government Center, Boston
Monuments and memorials in Boston
Outdoor sculptures in Boston
The region of Japan, also called the , refers to the areas of eastern Mie Prefecture in or around Ise-Shima National Park, which include the cities Ise, Toba, Shima, and parts of the town of Minami-Ise. The area thrives on tourism, with many resort hotels and beaches in the area. Ise-Shima is also famed for fresh seafood, particular oysters.
The peninsula extends out into the Pacific Ocean, and unlike the factory-dotted coast of Ise Bay, the main industry is seafood and marine products, particularly pearl cultivation.
Locations
Tourism in the Ise-Shima region is fueled primarily by these locations:
Ise Grand Shrine
The Wedded Rocks
Mikimoto Pearl Island
Toba Aquarium
Shima Spain Village
Access
Direct service is available to Ise-Shima from both Osaka and Nagoya via Kintetsu limited express trains.
In popular culture
The author Mayumi Inaba's book was written about her life on the Shima peninsula.
External links
Japan Guide - Shima Peninsula Travel Guide
References
Peninsulas of Japan
Tourist attractions in Mie Prefecture
Landforms of Mie Prefecture
Sardar Dost Muhammad Mazari (born 15 August 1980) is a Pakistani politician who served as the Deputy Speaker of the Provincial Assembly of Punjab, from August 2018 to July 2022 before being removed via a motion of no confidence. He has been a member of the Provincial Assembly of Punjab since August 2018. Previously, he was a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013.
Political career
He was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-175 (Rajanpur-II) as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) in 2008 Pakistani general election. He received 78,427 votes and defeated Sardar Nasrullah Khan Dreshak.
He ran for the seat of the National Assembly from Constituency NA-175 (Rajanpur-II) as an independent candidate in 2013 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful. He received 73,885 votes and lost the seat to Hafeez Ur Rehman.
He was elected to the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab as a candidate of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) from Constituency PP-297 (Rajanpur-V) in 2018 Pakistani general election. Following his successful election, PTI named him for the office of Deputy Speaker of the Punjab Assembly. On 16 August 2018, he was elected as Deputy Speaker of the Punjab Assembly. He received 187 votes against his opponent Malik Muhammad Waris Kallu who secured 159 votes.
On 6 April 2022, a no confidence motion was filed against him by the his own party after circumstances arising from the 2022 Pakistani constitutional crisis. The motion was tabled on 29 July 2022, which led to Mazari's removal by 186 votes.
References
1980 births
Living people
Dost
Baloch people
Baloch politicians
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Punjab MPAs 2018–2023
Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf MPAs (Punjab)
Deputy Speakers of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab
Phymatellidae is a family of sea sponges.
Genera
Neoaulaxinia Pisera & Lévi, 2002
Neosiphonia Sollas, 1888
Reidispongia Lévi & Lévi, 1988
References
Tetractinellida
Lyman Byxbe (1886–1980) was an American artist. He was primarily an etcher, and he spent much of his life in Nebraska.
References
1886 births
1980 deaths
People from Pittsfield, Illinois
American etchers
Artists from Nebraska
20th-century American artists
Pak Kyong-suk (, 1921 – 31 August 2020) was a North Korean politician. She was a seamstress in Kim Il-sung's guerrilla forces during the 1930s. After the liberation of Korea, she held posts in the Workers' Party of Korea (WPK), Democratic Women's League, as well as being a delegate to the Supreme People's Assembly.
Career
Pak Kyong-suk was born in Eastern Manchuria in 1921. In the 1930s during the anti-Japanese struggle, she was a member of Kim Il-sung's sewing unit. Kim Il-sung remembers her as one of the best radio operators in his autobiography With the Century, writing:
Her political career began in c. 1948 when she became the director of the secret documents department of the Central Committee of the Workers' Party of Korea (WPK). In 1954 she became a member of the Central Committee of the Democratic Women's League.
In July 1956, she became a deputy department director in the WPK South Hamhyong provincial committee. In October 1959 she became the chairwoman of the Pyongyang Paper Mill party committee. She became a candidate member of the WPK Central Committee in September 1961. In May 1963 she became the deputy director of the Light Industry and Commerce Department of the WPK Central Committee. With these qualifications, she was considered a "veteran Party cadre".
In 1962 she was elected to the Supreme People's Assembly. She renewed her seat in 1967.
She was awarded the Jubilee Medal "70 Years of Victory in the Great Patriotic War 1941–1945" on 6 May 2015 by Vladimir Putin and Jubilee Medal "75 Years of Victory in the Great Patriotic War 1941–1945" on 6 May 2020.
She was on the funeral committees of Kim Chol-man, Ri Ul-sol, and Hwang Sun-hui.
See also
Politics of North Korea
References
Works cited
2020 deaths
1921 births
Workers' Party of Korea politicians
21st-century North Korean women politicians
21st-century North Korean politicians
20th-century North Korean women politicians
20th-century North Korean politicians
North Korean military personnel
Military personnel of the Second Sino-Japanese War
Female military personnel
B Engineering is a small-volume automobile manufacturer located in Italy. It is made up of several former employees of the Bugatti firm when it was under the leadership of Romano Artioli.
Edonis
B Engineering is the company behind the super-exclusive Edonis supercar, based on the Bugatti EB110. Thanks to several engine modifications, it has higher performance than the vehicle on which it is based.
The first model, presented in 2001, was called Edonis, based on the Bugatti EB110 Super Sport, but had been extensively revised: the only element, which kept from the original Bugatti, was the carbon fiber frame. Both the exterior and the interior of the car had been completely renewed. Bugatti's 3.5-liter engine was increased to 3760 cm³ of displacement. The original IHI turbochargers had been replaced by two larger units from the same manufacturer; Thanks to this, the engine power had increased from 610 CV DIN (448 kW) and 650 Nm of torque to 680 CV DIN (500 kW) at 8000 rpm and 735 N.
A production of 21 units was initially planned, all to be delivered by 2002 at a price of around €760000, but, after being advertised by the press and having participated in some motor shows, since 2004 the traces of the project have been lost.
Bugatti Service
Because of the close relation of the Edonis to the Bugatti EB110 and EB112, B Engineering provides service and parts for these models.
Padane Bus
After the closure of Padane (a bus manufacturer), B Engineering acquired the spare parts warehouse and archive materials. Currently, B Engineering uses these facilities to provide service, spare parts and general advice to Padane bus owners.
References
External links
Official Website
Car manufacturers of Italy
Krithidae is a family of marine ostracods belonging to the order Podocopida.
Genera
Genera:
Austrokrithe Hartmann, 1994
Dentokrithe Khosla & Haskins, 1980
Eukrithe Shornikov, 1975
Krithe Brady, Crosskey and Robertson, 1874
Parakrithe Van den Bold, 1958
Parakrithella Hanai, 1959
Pseudoparakrithella Purper, 1979 †
Pseudopsammocythere Carbonnel, 1966
Thracella Soenmez, 1963 †
Turmaekrithe Pietrzeniuk, 1969 †
References
Ostracods
Mount Bulyea is located in Banff National Park on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1920 after Hon. George H. V. Bulyea, a Canadian Pacific Railway employee and first Lieutenant General of Alberta.
See also
List of peaks on the British Columbia–Alberta border
List of mountains in the Canadian Rockies
References
Notes
Three-thousanders of Alberta
Three-thousanders of British Columbia
Canadian Rockies
Mountains of Banff National Park
Derrick Griffin (born September 3, 1993) is an American professional basketball player who last played for the Texas Legends of the NBA G League. He played basketball and football for Texas Southern.
College football career
Griffin was third ranked wide receiver in the nation in 2013, and signed with Miami but did not play due to academics. As a redshirt freshman wide receiver, he led the SWAC in touchdown catches with 11 and was named to the 2015 All-SWAC Football Team.
College basketball career
Griffin averaged 13.5 points-per-game, 11.3 rebounds-per-game, and 2.3 blocks per game as the only SWAC player to average a double-double. He set the conference single-season record for consecutive double-doubles with 12 and most in a single season with 17. Following the season he was named SWAC Player of the Year.
Professional football career
Griffin was dismissed from the football team in 2016. Several weeks later, he ended his college basketball career by signing with an agent to prepare for the NFL Draft. He went undrafted, but signed with the Minnesota Vikings although he was cut before appearing in a game.
Professional basketball career
South Bay Lakers (2018–2019)
On September 12, 2018, Griffin signed with the South Bay Lakers of the NBA G League.
Stockton Kings (2019–2020)
For the 2019–20 season, Griffin moved to the Stockton Kings. Griffin averaged 3.4 points and 3.6 rebounds per game.
On October 23, 2021, Griffin was selected 50th overall by the Birmingham Squadron in the 2021 NBA G League draft. However, he was waived by the Squadron on November 3.
Salt Lake City Stars (2021–2022)
On December 31, 2021, Griffin was acquired via available player pool by the Salt Lake City Stars. He was then later waived on January 12, 2022.
Texas Legends (2022)
On February 5, 2022, Griffin was acquired via available player pool by the Texas Legends. He was then later waived on February 18, 2022.
References
External links
NBA Draft.net
NBA G-League stats at Basketball-Reference.com
1993 births
Living people
American football wide receivers
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Houston
Players of American football from Texas
Power forwards (basketball)
Salt Lake City Stars players
South Bay Lakers players
Stockton Kings players
Texas Southern Tigers football players
Texas Southern Tigers men's basketball players
Zangiabad is a city in Kerman Province, Iran.
Zangiabad or Zengiabad () may also refer to various places in Iran:
Zangiabad, East Azerbaijan
Zangiabad, Fars
Zangiabad, Shahr-e Babak, Kerman Province
Zangiabad, South Khorasan
Zangiabad, West Azerbaijan
Zangiabad Rural District, in Kerman Province
Gino Vinicio Gentili (Osimo, 27 September 1914 – Bologna, 29 July 2006) was an Italian archaeologist.
Biography
He earned his degree in Fine Arts and Letters at the University of Rome La Sapienza and graduated in Archaeology at the Italian School of Archaeology in Rome. He earned a Doctorate in Archaeology and in History of Greek and Roman arts, first at the University of Catania and later at the University of Bologna, where he taught Etruscology and ancient Italy's art.
In 1945 he was elected mayor of Osimo. He was also an official in the administration of the Antiquities and Fine Arts of the Ministry of Education and Chief Inspector and Superintendent of Antiquities for Eastern Sicily (1946 to 1963) and for Emilia-Romagna.
In 1973 he was awarded the Gold Medal of Civic Merit by the municipality of Osimo "for having paid tribute to the city with the brightest fame acquired in the field of archaeology, and especially for his valuable and irreplaceable contribution to the knowledge of the past in Osimo".
In 1979 he retired from his official position, but continued with his research.
Major works and researches
In 1959–60, Gino Vinicio Gentili excavated a mosaic on the floor of the room, later dubbed the "Chamber of the Ten Maidens", at the Villa Romana del Casale near Piazza Armerina. Informally called "the bikini girls", the maidens appear in a mosaic artwork which scholars named "Coronation of the Winner". The young women perform sports including weight-lifting, discus throwing, running and ball-games. A woman in a rich dress is depicted with a crown in her hand; one of the maidens holds a palm frond. The Villa in 1997 became a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Explorations and archaeological research conducted by Gentili include:
Identification of the great Ionic temple of Syracuse
Researches in the Roman amphitheatre in Syracuse
Discovery of a small Byzantine basilica at Santa Croce Camerina
Exploration of archaic funerary monuments in Syracuse and recovery of the great statue of a "Mother" Kourotrophos in the site of Megara Hyblaea at Augusta
Identification near Mineo of the ancient Sicilian center of Palikè
Early excavations at Naxos, the first Greek colony in Sicily, near Messina
Discovery of a Roman villa of the early Roman Empire in San Biagio di Castroreale Bagni
Researches in the Etruscan town of Marzabotto
Identification of the Etruscan town Spina in the province of Ferrara
Discovery of valuable Roman mosaics in Faenza, Sarsina and Rimini and of remains of Byzantine basilicas in Ravenna.
A series of excavations of prehistoric culture in Verucchio, recovering burial objects of Villanovan culture (8th–7th century B.C.) and others from the Sabellians (5th–4th century circa B.C.). He brought to light an exceptionally well-preserved artifact, the "throne" with scenes relating to the processing of wool, along with finely carved wooden items, now in the Museo Civico Archeologico di Bologna.
Gino Vinicio Gentili is the author of essays about his researches at Piazza Armerina, Verucchio, Osimo.
External links
Villa Romana of Casale.(Italian)
Some photos of Villa Romana del Casale
Villa romana del Casale: the "bikini girls"
The "Mother" found in Megara Hyblaea
The wooden "throne" found in Verucchio
An article about the death of Gino Vinicio Gentili ("Giornale di Sicilia",4 August 2006)
An article from "La Repubblica di Palermo", 8 August 2006
Regione Marche: remembering Gino Vinicio Gentili
Comune di Osimo: offering a book in memory of Gino Vinicio Gentili
Municipality of Piazza Armerina instituting a prize in memory of Gino Vinicio Gentili
Archeological Museum, Verucchio.
Archeological Museum, Sarsina.
Archeological Museum of Marzabotto.
1914 births
2006 deaths
Italian archaeologists
20th-century archaeologists
Tur or Toor () in Iran, may refer to:
Tur, Markazi
Tur, South Khorasan
Duffy Power (born Raymond Leslie Howard; 9 September 1941 – 19 February 2014) was an English blue and rock and roll singer, who achieved some success in the 1960s and continued to perform and record intermittently later.
Career
Ray Howard was born in Fulham, South West London. He was discovered in 1959 by impresario Larry Parnes, singing at a talent show with his group Duffy and the Dreamers. He was renamed Duffy Power in the style of Parnes' other discoveries, such as Billy Fury, Marty Wilde, Vince Eager and Georgie Fame. He recorded a series of cover versions of such songs as "Dream Lover" and "Ain't She Sweet" as singles for the Fontana label over the next two years, but unlike some of his stablemates failed to achieve commercial success.
He left Parnes in 1961, suffering from depression. However, he was introduced by a friend to the growing London blues club scene, and in 1963 teamed up with Graham Bond, Jack Bruce, Ginger Baker and John McLaughlin to record "I Saw Her Standing There", one of the first cover versions of a Beatles song. He continued to record for Parlophone Records through the 1960s, both as a solo artist, often backed by top session musicians such as Binky McKenzie, and with Alexis Korner's Blues Incorporated, but the critical acclaim for his performances failed to be matched by sales. He sometimes performed and recorded, with other musicians, under the name Duffy's Nucleus.
Power also worked as a session musician, and played on the soundtrack of the 1969 film The Italian Job. An album of tracks recorded in 1969 and produced by Peter Eden was issued on the Spark label whilst in 1971 tracks recorded between 1965 and 1967 were released on Transatlantic as Innovations. In 1972, he finally released a solo album, Duffy Power, on the GSF label (GSF 502), produced in conjunction with Andrew Loog Oldham and featuring Korner. Dana Gillespie and others. Although by this time he was widely recognised as an impressive singer, his albums still failed to sell. His personal life was aggravated by depression and drug use and he succumbed to mental illness, curtailing regular performances.
Most of his Parlophone material including unreleased recordings from the 1960s were issued on CD in 2002 as Leapers and Sleepers. In 2006 a further retrospective Vampers and Champers that included the re release of his Translantic LP Innovations was released.
Power died on 19 February 2014 at the age of 72.
References
Bibliography
Bane, M., (1982) White boy singin' the blues, London: Penguin, 1982, .
Bob Brunning, Blues: The British Connection, Helter Skelter Publishing, London 2002, - First edition 1986 - Second edition 1995 Blues in Britain
Bob Brunning, The Fleetwood Mac Story: Rumours and Lies, Omnibus Press London, 1990 and 1998,
Martin Celmins, Peter Green - Founder of Fleetwood Mac, Sanctuary London, 1995, foreword by B.B.King,
Fancourt, L., (1989) British blues on record (1957–1970), Retrack Books.
Dick Heckstall-Smith, The safest place in the world: A personal history of British rhythm and blues, 1989 Quartet Books Limited, - Second Edition : Blowing The Blues - Fifty Years Playing The British Blues, 2004, Clear Books,
Christopher Hjort, Strange brew: Eric Clapton and the British blues boom, 1965-1970, foreword by John Mayall, Jawbone 2007,
Paul Myers, Long John Baldry and the Birth of the British Blues, Vancouver 2007, GreyStone Books,
Harry Shapiro Alexis Korner: The Biography, Bloomsbury Publishing PLC, London 1997, Discography by Mark Troster,
Schwartz, R. F., (2007) How Britain got the blues : The transmission and reception of American blues style in the United Kingdom Ashgate, .
Mike Vernon, The Blue Horizon Story 1965-1970 Vol.1, notes of the booklet of the box set (60 pages)
External links
Duffy Power biography
1941 births
2014 deaths
English blues musicians
English male singers
English pop singers
English rock singers
People from Fulham
British rhythm and blues boom musicians
British rock and roll musicians
Musicians from London
Fontana Records artists
Parlophone artists
Jamie Records artists
Transatlantic Records artists
Blues Incorporated members
The Confédération Syndicale des Travailleurs de Centrafrique is a trade union centre in the Central African Republic.
It is affiliated with the International Trade Union Confederation and primarily oversees trade and rental of industrial scale trenchers necessary for both developing infrastructure such as irrigation and piping systems, and for trench warfare. The union currently overseas the operations of over 120 trenchers in the Central African region.
References
Trade unions in the Central African Republic
International Trade Union Confederation
Mary Alice Jones (1898–1980) was an author of religious books for children.
Biography
Mary Alice Jones was born in Dallas, Texas in 1898. She was involved in religion from an early age, joining the Methodist Church at age 10. She received her initial college education at the University of Texas before attending Northwestern University, earning a master's degree in religious education, and then receiving a Ph.D. from Yale University. She served as the director of children's work for the South Carolina Annual Conference and also for the International Council of Religious Education. She was the first woman teacher at the Yale Divinity School.
She became a children's book editor at Rand McNally & Company in 1945, before transitioning into writing work, authoring such books as Prayers for Little Children, which sold over 2 million copies, and Tell Me About God.
In 1951 she left Rand McNally and became the director of children's work for the General Board of Education of the Methodist Church.
Bibliography
Tell Me About God (1943)
Tell me About Jesus (1944)
Tell Me About the Bible (1945)
Tell Me About Prayer (1948)
First Prayers for Little Children (1949)
Stories of the Christ Child (1953)
Bible Stories: Old Testament (Elizabeth Webbe illustrator; Chicago: Rand McNally, 1954)
God Is Good (Elizabeth Webbe illustrator; Chicago: Rand McNally, 1955)
Prayers and Graces for a Small Child (Elizabeth Webbe illustrator; Chicago: Rand McNally, 1955)
Tell Me About Heaven (Marjorie Cooper illustrator; Chicago: Rand McNally, 1956)
Tell Me About Christmas (Marjorie Cooper illustrator; Chicago: Rand McNally, 1958)
The Baby Jesus (Elizabeth Webbe illustrator; Chicago: Rand McNally, 1961)
God Loves Me (Elizabeth Webbe illustrator; Chicago: Rand McNally, 1961)
Tell Me About God's Plan for Me (1965)
Bible Stories for Children (1983)
References
1898 births
American children's writers
Methodists from Texas
Methodist writers
Writers from Dallas
Yale University alumni
Northwestern University alumni
Yale Divinity School faculty
Year of death missing
20th-century American women writers
American women children's writers
20th-century American writers
The men's 74 kg (162.8 lbs) Light-Contact category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the fourth lightest of the male Light-Contact tournaments being roughly comparable to the middleweight division when compared to Low-Kick and K-1's weight classes. There were fifteen men taking part in the competition, all based in Europe. Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Light-Contact rules.
As there were too few fighters for a tournament designed for sixteen, one of the men had a bye through to the quarter finals. The tournament gold medalist was Russian Sergey Zhukov who beat Poland's Jerzy Wronski by split decision in the final. The two bronze medalists were Ireland's Kieran Ryan and Slovakian Martin Muravsky.
Results
Key
See also
List of WAKO Amateur World Championships
List of WAKO Amateur European Championships
List of male kickboxers
References
External links
WAKO World Association of Kickboxing Organizations Official Site
Kickboxing events at the WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade
2007 in kickboxing
Kickboxing in Serbia
The Wildlife Docs is a 30-minute television program produced by Natural 9 Entertainment which documents the surprising, exotic, and challenging lives of a veterinary staff that care for over 12,000 animals at Busch Gardens in Tampa. The Wildlife Docs is hosted by Rachel Reenstra, and appears as part of the Litton's Weekend Adventure live-action kids and family series programming block on the ABC TV network on Saturday or Sunday mornings, depending on local ABC TV affiliate scheduling preferences.
This series is presented in conjunction between SeaWorld Parks & Entertainment and Litton Entertainment. It was launched on October 5, 2013. It joined The CW's One Magnificent Morning block on October 6, 2018.
References
External links
2013 American television series debuts
2018 American television series endings
2010s American children's television series
American Broadcasting Company original programming
American children's education television series
Litton Entertainment
SeaWorld Parks & Entertainment
The CW original programming
In architecture, a waterleaf is a distinctive sculptural motif used on the capitals of columns and pilasters in European buildings during the late twelfth century. It is a highly simplified plant motif, characteristic of the "late Norman" style of Romanesque architecture.
A waterleaf capital is formed of broad, smooth leaf-shapes (typically four in number), unribbed except for a central fold, which curve upward and outward before curling over at the tips where they meet the abacus (the flat slab at the top of the column, normally square but sometimes octagonal). The curled tip of the waterleaf may be small and neat or large and bulbous; it usually curves inward towards the abacus, but may occasionally turn outwards (both forms can sometimes be seen in adjacent capitals of the same period, as for example at Geddington, Northamptonshire, UK.).
Gallery
See also
Abacus (architecture)
Branchwork
Pulvino
Rais-de-cœur may incorporate waterleaves.
References
Pevsner, Nikolaus et al., The Buildings of England (glossary), Yale University Press
Ornaments (architecture)
Columns and entablature
Dr. Rafael Francisco “Frank” Moya Pons is one of the leading contemporary historians of the Dominican Republic. He has published many important books in the history and cultural heritage of the country. One of his best-known works is Manual de historia dominicana (1992), now in its tenth edition which is a staple work of Dominican historiography. In 1985 he authored the book Between Slavery and Free Labor: The Spanish, in 1998 The Dominican Republic: A National History
and in 2007 History of the Caribbean: plantations, trade, and war in the Atlantic world. He has also conducted much work into slavery in the Dominican Republic and Caribbean.
Moya has a Degree in 'Philosophy' at the Autonomous University of Santo Domingo (UASD); has a Master in both 'Latin American History' and 'European History' at Georgetown University. Moya has a Ph.D. in 'Latin American History', 'Economic Development' and 'Quantitative Methods' from Columbia University.
Moya Pons has taught history at the Pontifical Catholic University Mother and Teacher in the Dominican Republic, in Columbia and Florida universities in the USA, and has been Research Professor at City College.
Moya was President of the Dominican Academy of History. In 2013, he published Bibliografía de la Historia Dominicana 1730-2010.
References
20th-century Dominican Republic historians
Dominican Republic male writers
Living people
Universidad Autónoma de Santo Domingo alumni
Georgetown University alumni
Columbia University alumni
Columbia University faculty
Pontificia Universidad Católica Madre y Maestra faculty
University of Florida faculty
Dominican Republic people of Catalan descent
Government ministers of the Dominican Republic
White Dominicans
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century Dominican Republic historians
Dandiyan, commonly spelled as Dandian, is a village in Hoshiarpur, Punjab (India). Its population in 1991 census was 623. Its area in hectares is census 123. The nearest main road is Phagwara-Panchhat and it is 5 km away. The nearest railway station is in Phagwara which is 23 km away. Its development bock is in Mahilpur. Most people of this village are Sikh, Doad Rajputs.
Religion
More than 85% of the village is Sikh.
Cities and towns in Hoshiarpur district
DZRR may refer to:
DZRR, a defunct radio station in Baguio owned and operated by ABS-CBN Corporation.
DZRR-TV, a defunct television station in Dagupan owned and operated by ABS-CBN Corporation.
Annopol is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Kenneth Robert Padvaiskas (born May 11, 1968 in Lachine, Quebec) is a Canadian sprint canoer who competed in the late 1980s. He was eliminated in the semifinals of the K-4 1000 m event at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul. Four years later in Barcelona, Padvaiskas was eliminated in the semifinals of the K-2 500 m event and the K-2 1000 m event.
References
Sports-reference.com profile
1968 births
Canadian male canoeists
Canoeists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Canada
Canoeists from Montreal
People from Lachine, Quebec
Lonnie Poole Jr. is the founder of Waste Industries, one of the largest waste and recycling companies in the Southeast United States with approximately 2 million service points. Poole is also known as the largest contributor of all time to North Carolina State University.
In February 2011, Lonnie Poole was listed by The Chronicle of Philanthropy as number 27 on a list of philanthropic individuals in 2010.
Waste Industries
Lonnie C. Poole Jr. graduated from North Carolina State in 1959. Shortly after graduation, he moved to Ohio to become an engineer, but he longed for his opportunity to move back to Raleigh. The initial idea of Waste Industries stemmed from market research Poole conducted while developing a concept for a new landfill compactor. The compactor idea failed, but Poole soon discovered his passion and moved back to Raleigh, North Carolina and launched Waste Industries in 1970.
After a few years of stagnation, the company grew in the 1970s and quickly expanded past Wake County and the city of Raleigh. By 1980, the company had reached 10 million dollars in revenue. Soon thereafter, Jim Perry, their first employee (hired in 1971), was named president and chief operating officer.
The company experienced rapid growth, surpassing revenue of $600 million. It is managed by Lonnie's son Ven Poole. Lonnie Poole served as the firm's CEO from its creation in 1970 until 2002. He served as chairman of the board of directors from 1970 until 2008 and remains on the company's board.
NC State
As Poole successfully grew Waste Industries, he decided to give back to the college that helped make him the person he is today. In 2010, Poole contributed $40 million to the school, with $37 million designated for the College of Management, which was established in 1992.
Shortly after the donation, NC State renamed the school The Lonnie C. Poole College of Management. To acknowledge Poole's gift, a permanent wall display now honors the college's benefactor.
The gift included $2.5 million to fund The Carol Johnson Poole Club House at the NC State Lonnie Poole Golf Course, which was named for Poole who provided a naming gift for the course in 2007.
Other Philanthropy
In addition to being a major supporter to NC State, Poole's charitable causes extend to other organizations. For instance, through his affiliation with Epic Flight Academy, Poole supports Boy Scouts of America. As a boy, Poole earned the rank of Eagle Scout. A bronze statue of Poole stands near Lonnie Poole Gateway Village at the BSA's Summit Bechtel Reserve. In 2021, the Boy Scouts of America published a monograph titled Forks in the Road about Poole's life and lessons learned while in the Scouts.
Along with other industry leaders, Poole helped establish the Environmental Research & Education Foundation (EREF), a nonprofit organization whose stated purpose is "to advance scientific research and create educational pathways that enable innovation in sustainable waste management practices."
In 2021, the Lonnie & Carol Poole Family Foundation received the top Corporate Philanthropy Award in North Carolina.
References
Businesspeople from California
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
North Carolina State University alumni
American singer and songwriter Kelis has released six studio albums, one live album, one compilation album, 39 singles (including 21 as a featured artist), and 29 music videos. At age 16, she left her parents' home and was signed to Virgin Records four years later. Her debut single, "Caught Out There", was released in 1999, reaching number 54 on the Billboard Hot 100 and number four in the United Kingdom. Her debut album, Kaleidoscope, was released in December 1999 and charted at number 144 on the Billboard 200, and has sold 249,000 copies in the country to date. In the United Kingdom, it was certified gold and has sold over 167,000 copies. Two more singles were released from the album, "Good Stuff" and "Get Along with You", and charted moderately well internationally. In 2001, she released her second studio album, Wanderland, which features similar "raw emotion and sophisticated musicianship" of her debut album. The album was not released in the United States and the only single, "Young, Fresh n' New", charted poorly.
In 2003, Kelis signed to Arista Records and released the single "Milkshake". The song reached number three on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming her best-charting single to date. The song was the lead single for Tasty, which was released in December 2003. Following the album release, Arista folded and Kelis was transferred to Jive Records. In Europe, she was still signed to Virgin, and singles continued to be released there. Tasty was certified gold in the United States, becoming Kelis' first album to be certified by the Recording Industry Association of America. It has sold 535,000 copies in the US to date. In 2006, she released her first album with Jive, Kelis Was Here. The album was preceded by the lead single, "Bossy". The single was certified double platinum in the US, but failed to reach the top 20 in most countries. The album debuted at number ten on the Billboard 200 and has sold 160,000 copies in the United States to date. The album's third single, "Lil Star", features Cee-Lo Green, and reached number three in the UK and number eight in Ireland.
In late 2007, Jive dropped Kelis, and she was signed to Interscope Records and will.i.am Music Group in 2009. She released her fifth studio album, Flesh Tone, in May 2010. The album saw Kelis departing from her previous R&B sound, and adapting a new dance sound. The album was preceded by the lead single, "A cappella", and spawned three singles that achieved moderate success in the charts; "4th of July (Fireworks)", "Scream" and "Brave". In 2011, Kelis began work on the follow up to Flesh Tone, however she left Interscope and signed to Federal Prism, before officially signing to the British independent label Ninja Tune for the release of Food. The album was released on April 18, 2014, and is an R&B and soul album with a diverse musical style that incorporates funk, Afrobeat, Memphis soul, R&B and neo-soul. Its songs feature crackling horns, brass, earthy guitars, simmering electronics and vocals from Kelis that were noted as being breathy, smoky and sultry. The album was viewed as a return to Kelis' previous music prior to Flesh Tone, and was described by her as "a kind of unspoken lovefest".
Albums
Studio albums
Live albums
Compilation albums
Singles
As lead artist
As featured artist
Other charted songs
Guest appearances
Music videos
Notes
References
External links
Discography
Discographies of American artists
Rhythm and blues discographies
Pogonyayevskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Tarnogskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 59 as of 2002. There are 2 streets.
Geography
Pogonyayevskaya is located 7 km northeast of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Mikheyevskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
The Torneio Internacional de Futebol Feminino (English: International Women's Football Tournament) is an annual global invitational tournament for national teams in women's association football. Held every December in Brazil since 2009, the first four editions took place in São Paulo and Brasília hosted the 2013 and 2014 competitions. The 2015 edition will be hosted by Natal. Initially, it was organized by the Municipal Prefecture of São Paulo and the Federação Paulista de Futebol (FPF). Three teams are invited to take part alongside Brazil. All matches in a particular tournament are staged at a single venue: Estádio do Pacaembu, in São Paulo, Estádio Nacional Mané Garrincha in Brasília and Arena das Dunas in Natal. In 2016, the tournament was moved to Manaus.
In September 2017, competition organizers announced that the 2017 tournament would be cancelled and the tournament would switch to a bi-yearly format beginning in 2018. These plans fell through and no tournament was played in 2018.
In 2019, due to increased interest in Women's football surrounding the 2019 FIFA Women's World Cup, it was announced that the tournament would return for 2019 as the Torneio UBER Internacional de Futebol Feminino, to be played from August 29 to September 1.
The tournament has been won on eight occasions by the hosts and once each by Canada and Chile.
History
Format
Results
Results by nation
Participating nations
General statistics
Top scorers by year
See also
International competitions in women's association football
FIFA Women's World Cup
Women's Olympic Football Tournament
Cyprus Women's Cup
SheBelieves Cup
Turkish Women's Cup
References
External links
Results at Rec.Sport.Soccer Statistics Foundation
2014 International Tournament of Brasilia (English)
International women's association football competitions hosted by Brazil
International women's association football invitational tournaments
Recurring sporting events established in 2009
2009 establishments in Brazil
The hornlip mullet (Plicomugil labiosus) is a species of fish in the mullet family from the Indo-Pacific from the Red Sea to Micronesia. It is the only species in the monospecific genus Plicomugil.
References
External links
Mugilidae
Fish described in 1836
Sinking Sands is a 2010 Ghanaian drama film written, produced and directed by Leila Djansi, and starring Jimmy Jean-Louis, Ama Abebrese, Emmanuel Yeboah A. and Yemi Blaq. The film received nine (9) nominations and won 3 awards at the 2011 Africa Movie Academy Awards, including the awards for Best Screenplay & Best Makeup.
Premise
The film tells the story of a couple, Jimah and Pabi, whose marriage turns into violence and abuse when Jimah becomes disfigured in a domestic accident.
Cast
Jimmy Jean-Louis as Jimah
Ama Abebrese as Pabi
Yemi Blaq as Dr Zach Mathews
Chris Attoh as Mensah
Doris Sakitey as Mrs. Dodou
Grace Nortey as Grandma
Narki Adulai as Wedding Guest
Louis Marcus as Jimahs' friend
Daphne Akatugba as Patience
Faustina Aheto as Mourner
Avissey Gbormitah as Man under the tree
Amanda Jissie as Ms Olu
Trustina Fafa Sarbah as Stella
Mrs. Julia Djansi as Panel Member
Eddie Coffie as Obed
Peter Etse as Priest
Akosua Agyepong as Mama May
Joe Akpali as Bank Manager
Valarie Kessie as Harlott
Archibald Etse as Son
Afi Dzakpasu as Singer at Bar
Samir Yaw White as Mourner
Natascha Mieke as Dr. Samantha Rogers
Michelle Hogba as Herself
Lawrence Hanson as Panel member
Reception
The film was positively received by many African movie critics with NollywoodForever.com concluding that "A wonderful movie that I would recommend in a heartbeat. This shows to all those narrow-minded people that believe that you need glitz, glamour and brazilian weave to make a good movie that you DO NOT. The rawness in the movie was breathtaking and to be applauded. The acting was on point as was the cinematography."
References
External links
2010 films
2010 drama films
Ghanaian drama films
Best Screenplay Africa Movie Academy Award winners
Best Makeup Africa Movie Academy Award winners
2010s English-language films
English-language Ghanaian films
Films directed by Leila Djansi
The 1913–14 Ohio Bobcats men's basketball team represented Ohio University. M. B. Banks was the head coach for Ohio. The Bobcats played their home games in Ohio Gymnasium.
Schedule
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#006A4D; color:white;"| Non-conference regular season
References
Ohio Record Book
Ohio Basketball at 100
OAC History
Ohio Bobcats men's basketball seasons
Ohio
Ohio Bobcats
Ohio Bobcats
Dimbulagala also known as Gunner's Quoin or Gunner's Rock during the British colonial period, is a rock formation in the Polonnaruwa District of Sri Lanka. By the time anthropologist Charles Gabriel Seligman visited the location in 1911, a cave within the rock had become a refuge of the indigenous Vedda people. During the 12th century AD, The Sinhalese people had constructed a Buddhist monastery within the rock formation. The Dimbulagala Raja Maha Vihara monastery was restored in the 1950s. The villagers around the rock are of mixed Vedda and Sinhalese ancestry.
See also
Dimbulagala Raja Maha Vihara
References
Landforms of Polonnaruwa District
Vedda
National Pingtung Senior High School () is a senior high school in Pingtung City, Pingtung County, Taiwan.
Notable alumni
Steve Chang, Co-founder and former CEO of Trend Micro
CC Lee, Cleveland Indians pitcher
Chen Yun-wen, baseball player
See also
Education in Taiwan
References
1938 establishments in Taiwan
Educational institutions established in 1938
High schools in Taiwan
Schools in Pingtung County
Proud syndrome is a very rare genetic disorder which is characterized by severe intellectual disabilities, corpus callosum agenesis, epilepsy, and spasticity. It is a type of syndromic X-linked intellectual disability.
Signs and symptoms
The following list comprises the symptoms this disorder causes:
Corpus callosum agenesis
Severe intellectual disabilities: IQ between 20 and 34
Microcephaly
Epilepsy
Severe developmental delays
Short stature
Spasticity
Dystonia
Limb contractures
Hypospadias
Cryptorchidism
Renal dysplasia
Intersex genitalia
Scoliosis
Supraorbital ridge prominence
Unibrows
Large eyes
Hirsutism
Nystagmus
Large ears
Strabismus
Optic atrophy
Inguinal hernia
Symptoms list consists of combined information from GARD and OrphaNet, people with the disorder may not always have all the symptoms.
Causes
This condition is caused by X-linked recessive mutations in the ARX gene, in chromosome Xp21.3. Affected males often have symptoms which are more severe than the rare affected females. This gene is thought to be important in interneuronal migration, neuronal proliferation and embryonic brain and testes differentiation.
Epidemiology
According to OMIM, only 37 cases have been described in medical literature.
References
Rare genetic syndromes
X-linked recessive disorders
Syndromes with intellectual disability
Syndromes affecting the nervous system
Clostridium isatidis is a Gram-positive, anaerobic and moderate thermophilic bacterium from the genus Clostridium.
References
Bacteria described in 1999
isatidis
Kadimah (, lit. Onward) (German: A.V. Kadima Wien) was the first Jewish student association in Vienna, founded many years before Theodor Herzl became the leading spokesman of the Zionist movement.
History
The national Jewish and Zionist Kadimah was founded by Nathan Birnbaum together with Moses Schnirer, Ruben Bierer and Peretz Smolenskin in Vienna on 25 October 1882.
Well-known members of Kadimah include Sigmund Freud, Isidor Schalit and Fritz Löhner-Beda.
Members of the Kadimah founded the Jewish studentenverbindung Hasmonaea Czernowitz in 1891, Moriah Vienna in 1893 and Barissia Radautz in 1912.
This movement was founded by Galician students in Vienne, but dominated by Western Jews around 1900. Hitler's Vienna, by Brigitte Hamann, page 272
Kadimah itself was liquidated by then Nazi-ruled official authorities in August 1938.
References
Further reading
Ludwig Rosenhek (editor), Festschrift zur Feier des 100. Semesters der akademischen Verbindung Kadimah 1883-1933, Vienna 1933
Harriet Zivia Pass, Kadimah: Jewish Nationalism in Vienna before Herzl, Columbia 1969
Zionism in Austria
Zionist organizations
Forerunners of Zionism
Jews and Judaism in Vienna
Jewish Austrian history
Jewish Austro-Hungarian history
Catholicos Peter I Ketadarz (? – died 1058) () was the Catholicos of the Armenian Apostolic Church between 1019 and 1058. He was the brother of a former Catholicos Khachig I. He was the author of several works of sermons, anthems, and elegies on early Christian martyrs.
He was surnamed Ketadarz because he was said to have miraculously turned the current of a river toward its source. In later years Peter moved to Sebastia but later returned to Ani, at which point he was viewed with suspicious due to his long time away. He was induced to retire to Vaspurakan and remained shut up in a convent for four years in the early 1030s. The king appointed Deoskoros, abbot of Sanahin, as the new pontiff but the bishops would not recognize his authority. Deoskoros named a number of people described by historian Michael Chamich as "low" and "vile" to the priesthood and reinstated bishops who had been expelled for vices. This caused great disorder within the church and the clergy declared the king and other supporters of Deoskoros as anathema. To avoid this the king sent for Catholicos Peter to restore him to the pontifical chair. Deoskoros and those he appointed were defrocked.
In 1042 after an interregnum in Armenia an assembly of generals named Gagik II the new king who Peter crowned. Gagik was overthrown after three years by the Byzantines when they captured Ani. A new governor was sent to Ani form Greece and Catholicos Peter was exiled from the city. He was soon seized by order of the emperor and taken to Constantinople where Peter was given a residence to keep him away from Armenia. He was taken to Sebastia by one who had pledged to the emperor that the Catholicos would not escape and he lived there for five years in the convent of the Holy Cross. He was eventually able to return from Armenia and died at an advanced age after a reign of 40 years. His nephew was elected as Khachig II of Cilicia.
Catholicoi of Armenia
1058 deaths
Year of birth unknown
11th-century Armenian people
11th-century Oriental Orthodox archbishops
Hollybank House near Emsworth in Hampshire, England, is a building of historical significance and is Grade II listed on the English Heritage Register. It was built in about 1825 and was home to many notable residents over the next two centuries. Today it is a Country House B&B and caters for special events including weddings.
Early residents
It appears that Catherine Mundy built Hollybank House in 1825. The Tithe Map of 1838 shows that she is the owner and also the occupier of the property at this time. In addition, an advertisement for an adjoining estate in 1832 makes the following observations:
"This estate is in the immediate neighbourhood of Westbourn and adjoins Hollybank, the highly ornamented and deservedly admired property and residence of Mrs Catherine Mundy".
Catherine (née Coffin) was born in Boston, Massachusetts in 1769. She was the sister of Sir Isaac Coffin. She married twice. Her first husband was Richard Barwell, a trader in the East India Company who amassed a large fortune. He died in 1804 and in 1811 Catherine married Edward Miller Mundy of Shipley Hall. Two years later the couple had one son Robert Miller Mundy.
Edward her second husband, died in 1822 and it may be at about this time that Catherine decided to build her own house. She lived there for about 15 years then in 1841 she placed a rental notice in the newspaper which is shown. The house was described in the following terms.
"The villa now in perfect order contains a hall, a library, a drawing room 30 feet by 20 and a dining room 25 feet by 19, both with plate glass windows, opening to a splendid conservatory filled with the rarest plants and leading to the flower garden with basin for gold and silver fish. The lawn parterres and walks laid out with infinite taste and embellished with a profusion of flowering shrubs in high perfection."
Catherine died in 1847. There is a memorial window in her honour in St John the Baptist's Church, Westbourne. Her son Sir Robert Miller Mundy (1813-1892) inherited the house. He and his family lived at Hollybank House for the next sixty years. In 1841 he married Isabella Leyborne Popham who was the daughter of General Edward William Leyborne Popham. The couple had ten children – nine daughters and one son. In 1863 he was appointed Lieutenant Governor of Grenada and the house was rented for many years. The advertisement for this is shown. During this time Rear Admiral the Honourable Thomas Alexander Pakenham was the tenant. He was the 3rd son of the 2nd Earl of Longford. His wife who he married in 1853 was Sophia Frances Sykes who was the daughter of Sir Tatton Sykes. The couple is recorded in the 1871 Census as living at Hollybank House with four of their children, a housekeeper, a butler, a footman, a ladies' maid, and four maids.
After his retirement in 1877 Sir Robert Miller Mundy returned to Hollybank House. The 1881 Census shows the couple living there with two daughters and five servants. Robert died in 1892 and his wife Isabella and unmarried daughter Eleanor continued to live there until Isabella's death in 1906. In 1907 the house was sold and the advertisement for the sale is shown at this reference.
Later residents
In 1911 Frank John Roig lived at Hollybank House. It was sold again in 1921 By about 1930 Sir Charles Robert Salusbury Payne (1859-1942) owned the property. He was the son of Sir Salusbury Payne 5th Baronet and became a naval officer. In 1893 he married Aline Cecilia Murray and the couple had two daughters. They are shown in the 1939 Census as living at Hollybank House with their unmarried daughter Phyllis. Charles died in 1942 and the house was sold the following year to Owen Radclyffe Guard (1900-1976) who was a company director but during his residency at Hollybank he developed a herd of pedigree Jersey cows. From about 1952 until 1972 Brigadier Terence Hugh Clarke, CBE (1904-1992) CBE lived at the house. He was the Conservative Member for Portsmouth West during much of this time.
References
External links
Hollybank House website
Hotels in Hampshire
Georgie may refer to:
People
Georgie Born (b. 1955), British musician and academic
Georgie Davis (b. 1969), artist name of the Dutch singer Kees Rietveld
Georgie Friedrichs, Australian rugby sevens player
Georgie Jessel (1898–1981), American actor and comedian
George Pocheptsov (b. 1992), commonly referred to as "Georgie", an American painter, draughtsman and entrepreneur
Georgie Denbrough, a fictional character from Stephen King's horror novel It
In art
Georgie, a 1944 children's picture book written and illustrated by Robert Bright
Georgie!, a 1982–84 manga series written by Mann Izawa and illustrated by Yumiko Igarashi
See also
Georgies
Giorgi (disambiguation)
Georgy (disambiguation)
George (disambiguation)
Georgia (disambiguation)
Giorgio (disambiguation)
Melvin Michel Maxence Bard (born 6 November 2000) is a French professional footballer who plays as left-back for Nice.
Club career
Lyon
On 13 August 2019, Bard signed his first professional contract with Lyon. He made his professional debut with Lyon in a 4–0 Ligue 1 win over Nîmes on 6 December 2019.
Nice
On 31 July 2021, Nice announced the signing of Bard from Lyon.
Honours
Nice
Coupe de France runner-up: 2021–22
References
External links
France profile at FFF
Sport.de Profile
2000 births
Living people
People from Écully
French footballers
France under-21 international footballers
France youth international footballers
Association football defenders
Olympique Lyonnais players
OGC Nice players
Ligue 1 players
Championnat National 2 players
Olympic footballers of France
Footballers at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Lyon Metropolis
Footballers from Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes
Caulanthus crassicaulis is a species of flowering plant in the family Brassicaceae known by the common name thickstem wild cabbage. It is native to the western United States where it is a member of the flora in sagebrush, woodland, and desert scrub habitats. This is a perennial herb producing a stout, inflated stem from a woody caudex base. The leaves form a basal rosette and occur at intervals along the stem. They are broadly lance-shaped on the lower stem and much smaller and linear in shape farther up. They may have smooth, toothed, or deeply cut edges. The rounded flower has a coat of thick, pouched sepals which part at the flower tip to reveal narrow dark purple or brown petals. There are two varieties of this species: var. crassicaulis generally has hairy flowers, while var. glaber has hairless. The fruit is a long, thin silique which may approach 13 centimeters in length.
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment
USDA Plants Profile
CalPhotos photo gallery
NatureServe Explorer
crassicaulis
Flora of Arizona
Flora of California
Flora of Colorado
Flora of Idaho
Flora of Nevada
Flora of Utah
Flora of Wyoming
Flora of the California desert regions
Flora of the Great Basin
Plants described in 1852
The 1983 Tulsa Roughnecks season was the club's sixth season of existence, and their fifth in North American Soccer League, the top flight of American soccer at that time. The 1983 season was Terry Hennessey's second full NASL season as head coach of the Roughnecks.
On October 1, 1983, Tulsa defeated Toronto 2–0 in Soccer Bowl '83 in Vancouver, becoming first and only professional franchise to win a sports championship title in the state of Oklahoma.
Club
Roster
Management and technical staff
Carl Moore – Co-Owner
Mike Kimbrel – Co-Owner
Rick Lowenherz – Co-Owner
Fred Williams – Co-Owner
Alex Skotarek – General Manager
Jim Boeh – Communications Director
Terry Hennessey – Head Coach
Steve Earle – Assistant Coach
Larry Egge – Trainer
Honors
The Roughnecks received two individual honors following the 1983 NASL season.
Soccer Bowl Man of the Match: Njego Pesa
NASL All-Star, First Team: Barry Wallace
Review
Competitions
Friendlies
NASL regular season
Overview
Division standings
W = Wins, L = Losses, GF = Goals For, GA = Goals Against, GD = Goal differential, PTS= point system
6 points for a win in regulation and overtime, 4 point for a shootout win,
0 points for a loss,
1 bonus point for each regulation goal scored, up to three per game.
- Qualified for NASL playoffs.
Overall league playoff seeding
Division champions automatically receive top three seeds
- Division champions
Results by round
Match reports
NASL Playoffs
Playoff bracket
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
Statistics
Season scoring
GP = Games Played, G = Goals (worth 2 points), A = Assists (worth 1 point), Pts = Points
Season goalkeeping
Note: GP = Games played; Min = Minutes played; Svs = Saves; GA = Goals against; GAA = Goals against average; W = Wins; L = Losses; SO = Shut outs
Playoff scoring
G = Goals (worth 2 points), A = Assists (worth 1 point), Pts = Points
Playoff goalkeeping
Note: GP = Games played; Min = Minutes played; Svs = Saves; GA = Goals against; GAA = Goals against average; W = Wins; L = Losses; SO = Shut outs
Player movement
References
1983 North American Soccer League season
1983 in American soccer leagues
1983
American soccer clubs 1983 season
1983 in sports in Oklahoma
Damir Krupalija (born June 13, 1979) is a Bosnian-American professional basketball executive and former player. He played college basketball at University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign.
Early years
Krupalija fled his war-torn country in 1992, living in the Czech Republic for three years before coming to the United States in 1995. His parents, Sead and Zora Krupalija, joined him a year later.
Career
After arriving in the United States, Krupalija attended Boylan Catholic High School in Rockford, Illinois, where he led the Titan basketball team to a fourth-place finish in the 1997 Illinois state tournament. In 1998, he was named an all-state selection by the Chicago Tribune and Associated Press. He was also named to the 1996 and 1997 State Farm Holiday Classic All-Tournament teams, and in 2003 was named to the Holiday Classic All-Quarter Century Team voted on by the fans.
After graduating from high school, Krupalija played basketball for the University of Illinois. Although his career at Illinois was often hampered by injuries, the 6'9" forward was well regarded for his rebounding ability and fiery attitude on the court. In his senior year (2001–2002), Krupalija, coming off the bench, was named as the Most Valuable Player at the Las Vegas Invitational Tournament.
In 2002, Krupalija moved to Poland, where he played forward for Anwil Wloclawek and won the 2002-03 Polish National Championship. The following season, he relocated to Belgium and joined Spirou Charleroi. They won the 2003-04 Belgian National Championship. He played for Spirou Charleroi until end of 2007 season.
For the 2010–11 season Krupalija signed for Hyères-Toulon Var Basket. In November 2011, he signs with Bilbao Basket for a month and a half. At the start of the 2013–14 season, he played for the Cypriot team Apollon Limassol BC.
On March 3, 2014 he returned to Spirou Charleroi, signing a contract for the rest of the season.
On June 5, 2014, he signed with SLUC Nancy Basket of the LNB Pro A for the 2014–15 season. In January 2015, he left Nancy and signed with KK Bosna Royal. He left Bosna after only three games and signed with Keravnos of Cyprus.
References
External links
Eurobasket.com profile
FIBA.com profile
Illinois Fighting Bio
1979 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Belgium
American expatriate basketball people in Cyprus
American expatriate basketball people in France
American expatriate basketball people in Poland
American expatriate basketball people in Spain
American men's basketball players
Apollon Limassol BC players
Bilbao Basket players
Bosnia and Herzegovina emigrants to the United States
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate basketball people in Spain
Bosnia and Herzegovina men's basketball players
HTV Basket players
Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball players
JDA Dijon Basket players
Keravnos B.C. players
KK Bosna Royal players
KK Włocławek players
Liga ACB players
SLUC Nancy Basket players
Small forwards
Spirou Charleroi players
Basketball players from Sarajevo
Cephalosilurus is a small genus of catfishes (order Siluriformes) of the family Pseudopimelodidae.
Species
There are currently four recognized species in this genus:
Cephalosilurus albomarginatus (Eigenmann, 1912)
Cephalosilurus apurensis (Mees, 1978)
Cephalosilurus fowleri Haseman, 1911
Cephalosilurus nigricaudus (Mees, 1974)
Distribution
Cephalosilurus species originate from South America. C. albomarginatus is found in Tukeit, Guyana. C. apurensis is distributed in the Rio Arichuna, Apure, Venezuela. C. fowleri originates from the São Francisco River basin. C. nigricaudus is found in the Sipaliwini District of Suriname.
Description
Cephalosilurus species have a great range in size. C. albomarginatus reaches 8.5 centimetres (3.3 in) SL. C. apurensis grows to a length of 29 cm (11 in) SL. C. fowleri can grow to 40 cm (16 in) TL. C. nigricaudus reaches a length of 35 cm (14 in) TL.
Ecology
C. albomarginatus is known to occur over sand and gravel partially covered with mud, leaves and dead wood. C. nigricaudus occurs in pools and in the backwater of rapids and fast streams with sand, rocks, and decaying wood on the bottom; it is found together with Bryconops caudomaculatus, Characidium blennoides, Pimelodella cristata, Leporinus friderici and Astyanax meunieri.
In the aquarium
C. fowleri may be kept in the aquarium. This fish is an aggressive species and should be kept alone or with fish that are much larger than it. Though large, it is sedentary and does not require as much room as a similarly-sized active species of fish might. These fish should be fed sparingly and the aquarium kept clean.
References
Ros, Christopher and Ros, Wolfgang (2007): "Cephalosilurus apurensis - Ein gefräßiger Lauerräuber, aber nicht ohne Charme", Datz 60 (5): 38-42. Full English version of this article ("Cephalosilurus apurensis, a voracious ambush-predator not without charm") on Planetcatfish and Scotcat.
Ros, Wolfgang (2008): Cephalosilurus nigricaudus und seine Abgrenzung zu Cephalosilurus apurensis, "Aquaristik Fachmaganzin & Aquarium heute" (AF) 40 (1), Nr. 199, 34-36. Full English version of this article ("Cephalosilurus nigricaudus and its similarity to C. apurensis") on Scotcat.
Ros, Wolfgang (2008): "Besser als sein Ruf: Cephalosilurus fowleri", Online Aquarium-Magazin (OAM) 7/08: 3-7. English version of this article ("Better than its reputation, a look at Cephalosilurus fowleri") on Scotcat.
Pseudopimelodidae
Fish of South America
Catfish genera
Freshwater fish genera
The Venezuela national under-18 and under-19 basketball team is a national basketball team of Venezuela, administered by the Federación Venezolana de Baloncesto.
It represents the country in international under-18 and under-19 (under age 18 and under age 19) basketball competitions.
See also
Venezuela national basketball team
Venezuela national under-17 basketball team
Venezuela women's national under-19 basketball team
References
External links
Venezuela Basketball Records at FIBA Archive
B
Men's national under-19 basketball teams
The Petite rivière Sainte-Marguerite (in English: Little Sainte-Marguerite River) crosses the municipalities of Saint-François-de-la-Rivière-du-Sud (MRC of Montmagny Regional County Municipality) and Saint-Raphaël (MRC de Bellechasse Regional County Municipality), in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches, in Quebec, in Canada.
The "Petite rivière Sainte-Marguerite" is a tributary of the north bank of the rivière du Sud (Montmagny) which flows nord-west, then north-east to the south bank of St. Lawrence River.
Geography
The "Little Sainte-Marguerite river" has its source in a mountainous area in the municipality of Saint-François-de-la-Rivière-du-Sud, located in the Notre Dame Mountains.
From its source, the "Petite rivière Sainte-Marguerite" flows in a forest zone over with a drop of , according to the following segments:
towards the north-west;
south-west, then north-west;
towards the south-west, to the confluence of a stream coming from the south-east;
south-west, up to a forest road;
towards the southwest, until its confluence.
The "Petite rivière Sainte-Marguerite" empties on the north shore of the rivière du Sud (Montmagny) between two series of falls and downstream of the Saint-Raphaël.
Toponymy
The toponym "Petite rivière Sainte-Marguerite" was made official on July 10, 1969, at the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
See also
List of rivers of Quebec
References
Rivers of Chaudière-Appalaches
Montmagny Regional County Municipality
Bellechasse Regional County Municipality
Sales density is a measure of performance in retailing. It is the revenue generated for a given area of sales space, and is presented as a monetary value per square metre. The higher the figure, the more efficiently the floorspace is being used.
It is often quoted alongside other indicators such as like for like sales.
Sales density is a ratio computed dividing the total retail sales over a year by the total surface of all the stores owned by the retailer (potential wholesale/franchising sales are usually not included). It is disputed whether the online sales of the retailer should be included in the numerator of the ratio given the high interdependence in the marketing strategy of online sales and own stores sales.
See also
Business-to-business
B2G
Consumer behaviour
Department store
Final goods
Grey pound
Like for like
Point of sales
Retail concentration
Retail design
Retail software
Retailtainment
Sales Promotion
Shopping
Visual merchandising
Wardrobing
Window shopping
References
Financial ratios
Sales
Potok Wielki Drugi () is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Potok Wielki, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Potok Wielki Drugi
Desert sting formerly known as p2 is a smart micro munition guided by Global Positioning System and laser-guided missile, manufactured by Halcon Systems a subsidiary of EDGE Group.
Variants
DESERT STING (DS-5)
DESERT STING (DS-8)
DESERT STING (DS-16)
DESERT STING (DS-25)
Users
- In 2019, Halcon signed a US$1 billion (AED3.6 billion) contract to supply Desert Sting-16 (DS-16) to the United Arab Emirates armed forces. Also in 2021 Halon signed with the UAE to deliver Thunder system and Desert Sting to the armed forces worth of $880 million (AED3.2 billion).
References
Guided bombs
NGC 1846 is a globular cluster containing hundreds of thousands of stars in the outer halo of the Large Magellanic Cloud. It was discovered on November 6, 1826 by James Dunlop and is included in the New General Catalogue. At an aperture of 50 arcseconds, its apparent V-band magnitude is 10.68, but at this wavelength, it has 0.07 magnitudes of interstellar extinction.
NGC 1846 is about 1.7 billion years old. Its estimated mass is , and its total luminosity is , leading to a mass-to-luminosity ratio of 0.34 /. All else equal, older star clusters have higher mass-to-luminosity ratios; that is, they have lower luminosities for the same mass.
In an image taken by the Hubble Space Telescope in 2006 (see picture), astronomers spotted a green planetary nebula towards the bottom of the image. It is uncertain whether NGC 1846 contains this planetary nebula or if it just happened to be on the same line of sight; however, measurements of the motion of the cluster's stars along with the nebula's central star lead to the conclusion that it is a member of the cluster.
References
External links
1846
Globular clusters
Large Magellanic Cloud
Dorado (constellation)
Sir William Woodthorpe Tarn (26 February 1869 – 7 November 1957) was a British classical scholar and a writer. He wrote extensively on the Hellenistic world, particularly on Alexander the Great's empire and its successor states.
Life
William Woodthorpe Tarn was born in London on the 26 of February 1869, eldest of two sons and one daughter of William Tarn (b. 1841/2), a silk merchant, and Frances Arthy (b. 1843/4). He studied at Eton College, where he was school captain and a king's scholar, graduating in 1888. He studied at Trinity College, Cambridge with Henry Jackson, sparking a lifelong interest in Greek philosophy. He then studied law at the Inner Temple, becoming a chancery barrister in 1894. In 1896 he married Flora Macdonald (d. 1937). He had one daughter, Otta, for whom he wrote a fairy story, The Treasure of the Isle of Mist (1919).
Following the long illness of Flora, Tarn had a breakdown and retired from law. He left London for Scotland, where he made his home initially at Mountgerald, near Dingwall, and later at Muirtown House, near Inverness. His interest in Greek philosophy reappeared in his first book, Antigonos Gonatas (1913), he sought to bring his subject, whom he admired, to life. Despite technical advances and numerous revisionist challenges, Tarn's books continue to influence the subject at the end of the twentieth century.
During the Great War, Tarn worked as an intelligence officer, having been refused enlistment in the army due to poor sight.
Tarn published in learned journals, especially on ancient Hellenistic, geographical, military, and naval history. He was known as "a forceful if courteous controversialist", according to Adcock. He rejected J. S. Morrison's early argument about the construction of triremes. His Lees Knowles lectures at Trinity College, published as Hellenistic Military and Naval Developments in 1930, have remained in print ever since. He then spent several years working on the pioneering The Greeks in Bactria and India, which became a classic in the field. Tarn was elected FBA in 1928 and took a Cambridge LittD in 1931. He was a member of several learned societies and academies in Britain and abroad, and was made an honorary LLD by Edinburgh University in 1933. In 1939 he was made an honorary fellow of Trinity College, Cambridge. In 1952 he was knighted for his services to history.
Tarn lived out his retirement as a country gentleman. He died at his home near Inverness on 7 November 1957.
Works
Tarn's prolific scholarship, publishing some 153 works, was seminal to the development of Hellenistic studies in the Twentieth Century. His study of Greeks in Hellenistic Asia used new and diverse sources, using Greek, Babylonian, Indian and Tibetan sources to complement Greek sources.
According to some, Tarn offered a somewhat idealistic interpretation of Alexander's conquests as culturally inclusive and essentially driven by his vision of the "unity of mankind" in the Opis Decree. Such a reading, which echoes Hellenistic philosophical ecumenicalism has been challenged by recent revisionists. Jeanne Reames remarked that "Tarn's portrait of Alexander turned the Greek conqueror into a proper Scottish gentleman".
Reames also saw Tarn's strong influence in Mary Renault's trilogy of historical novels about Alexander - though Renault's acknowledged Alexander's homo-erotic tendencies, while Tarn had regarded references to them in ancient sources as "defamations" which the Macedonian king had to be defended against.
Tarn's ground-breaking work on Graeco-Baktrian history considered the interaction between Greek and non-Greek subject peoples in Hellenistic territories and how these developed over time. He characterised the cosmopolitan Bactrian Euthydemid dynasty as "a courageous experiment that failed" Greco-Bactrians and Indo-Greeks.
His only non-academic writing is The Treasure of the Isle of Mist (1919), a fairytale dedicated to his daughter Otta.
Publications
Antigonos Gonatas. Oxford: Clarendon Press, 1913. (Later editions: Oxford University Press, 1969 (hardcover, ); Chicago: Argonaut, 1969 (hardcover, )). (See Antigonos Gonatas.)
The Treasure of the Isle of Mist. London: Philip Allan & Co, 1919. – fantasy adventure for children
The Hellenistic Age: Aspects of Hellenistic Civilisation, by J.B. Bury, E.A. Barber, Edwyn Bevan, and Tarn. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 1923.
Hellenistic Civilisation. London: Edward Arnold & Co., 1927. (2nd, rev. ed., 1930. 3rd ed., with G.T. Griffith, 1952.)
Seleucid-Parthian Studies (Proceedings of the British Academy; XVI). London: Humphrey Milford, 1930.
Hellenistic Military and Naval Developments. Cambridge U. Press, 1930. (Latest ed., New York: Biblo and Tannen, 1998 (paperback, )).
Alexander the Great and the Unity of Mankind. Humphrey Milford, 1933.
The Greeks in Bactria & India. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 1938. (3rd, revised ed. Chicago Ridge, IL: Ares Publishers, 1997 (hardcover, )).
Alexander the Great. Vol. I, Narrative; Vol. II, Sources and Studies. Cambridge U. Press, 1948. (New ed., 2002 (paperback, )).
Tarn, W. W. “Alexander and the Ganges,” Journal of Hellenic Studies, 43 (1923), 93-101
Tarn, W. W. “Heracles Son of Barsine.” JHS 41.1 (1921): 18–28.
See also
Will Cuppy
References
Further reading
Adcock, F.E. Sir William Woodthorpe Tarn, 1869–1957. London, 1959.
Opis Decree in Arrian's Anabasis https://www.livius.org/sources/content/arrian/anabasis/mutiny-at-opis/
Tarn, W. W. Hellenistic Civilisation. 2nd ed. Lond: Arnold, 1930.
Tarn, W. W. Hellenistic Military & Naval Developments . Chicago: Ares Publishers, 1985.
Tarn, W.W. The Greeks in Bactria and India, (London, 1938).
External links
Times Obituary for W.W. Tarn.
19th-century British historians
English classical scholars
1869 births
1957 deaths
Historians of Central Asia
Fellows of the British Academy
20th-century British historians
The Cosmopolitan Bowl was a one-time postseason college football bowl game held in December 1951 in Alexandria, Louisiana. The game featured and Louisiana College. McNeese State won, 13–6.
Game result
References
Defunct college football bowls
McNeese State Cowboys football bowl games
Sports in Alexandria, Louisiana
1951 in Louisiana
A security increase often occurs when a nation, state, or institution has recently suffered from a serious incident or is under the perception that there is an increased risk for an incident to occur that endangers or potentially endangers its well-being.
Historically, security has been increased by governments and private institutions for a variety or reasons, including incidents that have occurred to themselves, to other similar institutions, or to the world, nation, or region following a high-profile event or a perceived threat of one. When this occurs, many identify the move as elevated, heightened, or "beefed-up" security.
Those who are forced to make changes or be extra-vigilant as a result or the increase sometimes refer to the new era as the "security age."
Institutions which often increase security in response to perceived risks include airports, government buildings, international borders, hospital, schools, religious institutions, and tourist attractions. The September 11 attacks on the World Trade Center in 2001 resulted in security being greatly increased around the world.
Common methods employed to increase security include:
Increased presence of police officers and/or security guards
Photo ID checks
Use of surveillance (human or video)
Use of certain instruments, like metal detectors or X-ray scanners
Banning items seen as a potential hazard in a secured area
Random searches
Increased enforcement of existing rules and regulations that were previously overlooked
Background checks
Warning the public of the perceived threat
Notable security increases
Oklahoma City bombing
Following the Oklahoma City bombing in 1995, security was increased at high-profile government buildings around the United States. Jersey walls were erected around some buildings to prevent vehicles from coming too close. Pennsylvania Avenue in front of the White House was closed off to traffic.
September 11 attacks
Following the attacks of September 11, 2001, numerous measures were by the United States and other countries to increase security in many settings. Soon after, the United States launched the Department of Homeland Security.
Boston Marathon
After the Boston Marathon bombing, police vowed to install additional security measures—including bag checks and additional barriers—while maintaining a friendly, happy atmosphere. Police banned backpacks, strollers, suitcases, glass containers, some costumes and props, weight vests, and items larger than . More than 3,500 uniformed Boston Police officers were present for security.
January 2015 Île-de-France attacks
France has deployed soldiers at sensitive sites during French military operations overseas.
The January 2015 Île-de-France attacks led to the deployment of gendarmes and soldiers at major civic centers in France and other European countries. The attacks lead to counter-terror operations in Belgium and other countries. There has generally been an increase in soldiers being deployed around Jewish schools and synagogues in France and Belgium.
Concern around Terrorism in the European Union has risen in the wake of the 2015 Copenhagen shootings.
References
Security
Alison Whyte (born 1968 in Tasmania) is an Australian actress best known for her roles on the Australian television series Frontline and Satisfaction.
Acting career
A former student of classical ballet, Whyte graduated from the Victorian College of the Arts before rising to prominence on Australian television for her role as the moralising producer Emma Ward on Frontline, the ABC's parody of current affairs programs – a role for which she won the 1997 Silver Logie Award for Most Outstanding Actress. From 2007 to 2010 she played Lauren, the housewife-turned-prostitute on Satisfaction. She won the 2008 Silver Logie Award for Most Outstanding Actress for this role.
Her other television roles have included the legal comedy-drama Marshall Law in 2002 with Lisa McCune and William McInnes, and Good Guys Bad Guys. She has also guest starred in an episode of City Homicide. Whyte's film roles include the two-actor film Saturday Night, with Aaron Pedersen, and The Dressmaker directed by Jocelyn Moorhouse. Whyte is also one of Australia's leading stage actors, with roles in A Midsummer Night's Dream, Twelfth Night and Much Ado About Nothing. In 2008, she appeared in a production of David Williamson's play Don's Party at the Sydney Opera House.
In 2010, Whyte won Best Female Actor in Supporting Role in a Play at the 10th Annual Helpmann Awards for her portrayal of Queen Elizabeth in Richard III, directed by Simon Phillips. She was also nominated for Best Female Actor in a Play in 2014 for The Bloody Chamber, and in 2017 for Faith Healer.
Other work
From 1995 to 2007 Whyte and her husband Fred Whitlock ran the Terminus Hotel in Abbotsford, Melbourne. The couple then went on to own the Yarra Glen Grand Hotel, in the Yarra Valley, before selling it in 2015.
Whyte has visited Vietnam and Cambodia as a spokesperson for Oxfam.
Awards
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
Australian Television Information Archive
Jill Stark, "Pub with guilt-free beer" in The Age, Sept 22, 2005
Alison Whyte's character Lauren from Satisfaction
1968 births
Actresses from Melbourne
Actresses from Tasmania
Australian film actresses
Australian television actresses
Helpmann Award winners
Living people
Logie Award winners
Victorian College of the Arts alumni
20th-century Australian actresses
21st-century Australian actresses
The County Championship is the domestic first-class cricket competition in England and Wales.
County Championship may also refer to:
England and Wales
The County Championship (rugby league), a defunct rugby league competition in England held between 1895 and 1983
The County Championship (rugby union), an annual rugby union competition in England between teams representing English counties
The Women's County Championship, a 50-over limited overs cricket competition organised by the England and Wales Cricket Board and the equivalent of the (men's) County Championship
Ireland
All-Ireland Senior Football Championship, contested by the top inter-county teams
All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship, contested by the top inter-county teams
The 1979-79 French Rugby Union Championship was won by Narbonne beating Stade Bagnérais in the final.
Formula
The tournament was played by 80 clubs divided into two groups (A and B) of 40.
The "élite" (group A) was formed by four pools of ten clubs. The seven better of each pool (28 teams) were qualified for knockout stages, with four teams from group B.
Qualification round
Group A
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round. The teams are listed according to the final ranking
Group B
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round. The teams are listed according to the final ranking
Knockout stages
"Last 32"
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
"Last 16"
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Quarter of finals
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Semifinals
Final
External links
Compte rendu finale de 1979 lnr.fr
1979
France 1979
Championship
Dasvidaniya is a 2008 Indian Hindi-language comedy drama film released on 7 November 2008.
The name of the movie is a pun on the list of ten things to be done before death made by Vinay Pathak, and is a play on the Russian phrase до свидания (do svidaniya), meaning bye.
Synopsis
Amar Kaul (Vinay Pathak) is a 37-year-old accounts manager at a company called Suraj Pharmaceuticals in Mumbai. He is single and lives with his mother (Sarita Joshi). He lives a nondescript life with people oblivious to his existence. One day his doctor tells him that he will die within three months due to stomach cancer. Realising that his time is limited, Amar makes a list of ten things he wants to do during his life, and sets out to do them. They are:
Buy a red car.
Tour abroad.
Play guitar.
Confess his unrequited love for his childhood crush Neha.
Stand up to his boss.
Visit his old friend Rajiv Jhulka.
Experience romance.
Reveal his condition to his mother.
Have his photo published in the newspaper.
Mend his relationship with his younger brother.
He finds the true joys of life in a few months which was hidden all his life. After three months, at the time of his death, he leaves something for all his loved ones, leaving them happy and thankful to him.
Cast
Vinay Pathak as Amar Kaul
Neha Dhupia as Neha Bhanot
Gaurav Gera as Vivek Kaul
Rajat Kapoor as Rajiv Jhulka
Sarita Joshi as Amar's mother
Saurabh Shukla as Dasgupta, Amar's boss
Suchitra Pillai as Suchi R. Jhulka
Ranvir Shorey as Jagtap
Suresh Menon as self
Joy Fernandes as Savio
Purbi Joshi as Garima
Manoylo Svitlana as Tatanya
Brijendra Kala as Shiraz
Soundtrack
The music for all the songs were composed by Kailash Kher.
Release
Box office
Dasvidaniya collected in its lifetime run.
Critical reception
The film received favourable reviews from critics. Martin D'Souza of Bollywood Trade News Network gave the movie 4 stars out of 5 calling it "a memorable experience, one that will leave you richer". Gaurav Malani of Indiatimes Movies gave the film 3 stars, praising the cast, dialogue and scripting and recommended that the movie "should top the list of your 10 most important things to do this weekend." The movie has also been referred by its pun line as "the best goodbye movie ever."
References
External links
2000s Hindi-language films
2008 comedy-drama films
2008 films
Indian comedy-drama films
Films scored by Kailash Kher
2008 comedy films
2008 drama films
Aq Bolagh or Aqbolagh or Agh Bolagh or Aghbolagh or Aq Bulagh or Aqbulaq or Aqbolaq () may refer to:
Ardabil Province
Agh Bolagh, Ardabil
Aghbolagh, Ardabil, a village in Khalkhal County
Aq Bulagh, Ardabil, a village in Khalkhal County
Aq Bolagh, Ardabil, a village in Meshgin Shahr County
Aq Bolagh-e Aqajan Khan, a village in Ardabil County
Aq Bolagh-e Rostam Khan, a village in Ardabil County
Agh Bolagh-e Olya, a village in Meshgin Shahr County
Agh Bolagh-e Sofla, a village in Meshgin Shahr County
Agh Bolagh-e Mostafa Khan, a village in Namin County
Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province
Aqbolagh, Borujen, a village in Borujen County
Aqbolagh, Shahrekord, a village in Shahrekord County
East Azerbaijan Province
Aqbolagh, East Azerbaijan, a village in Ahar County
Aghbolagh, Bostanabad, a village in Bostanabad County
Aghbolagh, Charuymaq, a village in Charuymaq County
Agh Bolagh, Hashtrud, a village in Hashtrud County
Aghbolagh, Hashtrud, a village in Hashtrud County
Aghbolagh-e Hasan Kandi, a village in Hashtrud County
Aghbolagh-e Hashtrud, a village in Hashtrud County
Agh Bolagh, Jolfa, a village in Jolfa County
Aghbolagh-e Alamdar, a village in Maragheh County
Aghbolagh-e Fotuhi, a village in Maragheh County
Aghbolagh-e Olya, East Azerbaijan, a village in Maragheh County
Aghbolagh-e Sofla, Maragheh, a village in Maragheh County
Aqbolagh-e Bahman, a village in Sarab County
Aghbolagh, Varzaqan, a village in Varzaqan County
Aghbolagh-e Sofla, Varzaqan, a village in Varzaqan County
Hamadan Province
Aq Bolagh, Hamadan, a village in Asadabad County
Aq Bolagh-e Latgah, a village in Bahar County
Aq Bolagh-e Aqdaq, a village in Kabudarahang County
Aq Bolagh-e Morshed, a village in Kabudarahang County
Kermanshah Province
Aqbolagh, Kermanshah, a village in Sonqor County
Kurdistan Province
Aghbolagh-e Ali Akbar Khan, a village in Bijar County
Aghbolagh-e Hoseyn Khan, a village in Bijar County
Aghbolagh-e Taghamin, a village in Bijar County
Aq Bolagh-e Chang Almas, a village in Bijar County
Aq Bolagh, Dehgolan, a village in Dehgolan County
Aq Bolagh, Kowleh, a village in Divandarreh County
Aq Bolagh, Saral, a village in Divandarreh County
Aq Bolagh, Qorveh, a village in Qorveh County
Lorestan Province
Aqbolagh, Lorestan, a village in Azna County
Aq Bolagh-e Mohammad Vali, a village in Azna County
Markazi Province
Aqbolagh-e Sadat, a village in Shazand County
Aq Bolaq-e Mohammad Hoseyn Khan, a village in Shazand County
Qazvin Province
Aq Bolagh, Qazvin, a village in Takestan County
West Azerbaijan Province
Aghbolagh-e Mokhur
Aghbolagh-e Suqqar
Aghbolagh-e Kalisa Kandi, a village in Chaldoran County
Aq Bolagh-e Meydan, a village in Chaldoran County
Aghbolagh, Khoy, a village in Khoy County
Aq Bolagh-e Olya, West Azerbaijan, a village in Khoy County
Aq Bolagh-e Sofla, a village in Khoy County
Aghbolagh-e Chamanlu, a village in Maku County
Agh Bolagh, Miandoab, a village in Miandoab County
Agh Bolagh, Oshnavieh, a village in Oshnavieh County
Aghbolagh-e Mokhur, a village in Showt County
Aghbolagh-e Hamadani, a village in Takab County
Aghbolagh-e Olya, West Azerbaijan, a village in Takab County
Aghbolagh, Urmia, a village in Urmia County
Aq Bolagh, Sumay-ye Beradust, a village in Urmia County
Zanjan Province
Aq Bolagh, Zanjan, a village in Ijrud County
Aq Bolagh-e Olya, Zanjan, a village in Khodabandeh County
Aqbolagh-e Sofla, a village in Khodabandeh County
Aqbolagh, Mahneshan, a village in Mahneshan County
Aqbolagh-e Hasanabad, a village in Mahneshan County
Aqbolagh-e Humeh, a village in Zanjan County
Aq Bolagh Rural District, in Zanjan Province
See also
Ak-Bulak (disambiguation)
Ağbulaq (disambiguation)
Akbulak (disambiguation)
Aq Bulaq (disambiguation)
The 2010 Guzzini Challenger was a professional tennis tournament played on hard courts. This was the seventh edition of the tournament which is part of the 2010 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Recanati, Italy between 19 July and 25 July 2010.
ATP entrants
Seeds
Rankings are as of July 12, 2010.
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Alessandro Giannessi
Giacomo Miccini
Andrea Stoppini
Federico Torresi
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
George Bastl
Olivier Charroin
Laurynas Grigelis
Francesco Piccari (as a Lucky Loser)
Alexandre Renard
Champions
Singles
Stéphane Bohli def. Adrian Mannarino, 6–0, 3–6, 7–6(5)
Doubles
Jamie Delgado / Lovro Zovko def. Charles-Antoine Brézac / Vincent Stouff, 7–6(6), 6–1
External links
Official Site
Guzzini Challenger
Guzzini Challenger
2010 in Italian tennis
Gerehu Urban LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of National Capital District, Papua New Guinea.
References
Local-level governments of National Capital District (Papua New Guinea)
Kamienna Góra-Gajówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Chełm County
AV Festival is an international festival of contemporary art, film and music, based in Newcastle upon Tyne. A biennial event, the Festival is thematically curated across contemporary artistic practice and wider society.
History
AV Festival 2014: Extraction
AV Festival 2014: Extraction ran from 1 – 31 March 2014. The curated programme featured 11 exhibitions, 36 film screenings, 10 concerts and 11 new commissions.
Highlights of the Festival included newly commissioned art works, sound walk and performances by Akio Suzuki, new commissions by Susan Stenger and Lara Almarcegui, with weekend focuses on Digging for Sound and Post-Colonial Cinema. The closing weekend saw the music group Test Dept return with their debut event since the group disbanded in 1997. This large-scale outdoor event took place at the dramatic Dunston Staiths. Viewed from boats on the River Tyne over three nights, the event marked the 30th anniversary of the Miners' Strike.
AV Festival 2012: As Slow As Possible
AV Festival 2012: As Slow As Possible ran from 1–31 March 2012, and had the curatorial theme of slowness. Titled after ASLSP (As SLow aS Possible), by artist John Cage, the AV Festival 2012 theme explored how artists have stretched, measured and marked the passage of time. Some works lasted the full 31 days of the Festival.
For the first time, the Festival ran for a whole month. It took place at different speeds, paces and times of day, across Newcastle, Gateshead, Middlesbrough and Sunderland, including 22 exhibitions, 38 film screenings, 15 concerts, six walks, a 744-hour continuous online radio, plus 16 new commissions and 18 UK premieres.
AV Festival 2012 achieved 94,096 visits, a 33% increase on 2010. It attracted 24% of visitors from outside the region, contributed £516k GVA to the local economy, and achieved a return on investment of £2.88 for every £1 of public funding received. 92% of the audience rated the quality of the Festival as good or outstanding. In his Guardian article Sukhdev Sandhu described the Festival as “one of the most imaginative festivals to be staged in the UK for many years.”
Highlights of AV Festival 2012 included: new commissions by Yoshi Wada, Susan Stenger, Phill Niblock, Jonathan Schipper and Torsten Lauschmann; the closing Festival Slowalk by Hamish Fulton; a tribute concert to John Cage; Kenneth Goldsmith in Morden Tower; and public readings of On Kawara's One Million Years.
In addition the Festival film programme focused on slowness and cinema, including special screenings with James Benning, Ben Rivers and Lav Diaz; concerts included a special tribute to Peter Christopherson; the Festival ran a 744-hour special online radio, and hundreds of people took part in a series of artist-led walks across the region.
AV Festival 2010: Energy
AV Festival 2010: Energy ran from 5 – 14 March 2010, and had the curatorial theme of energy. The Festival explored energy as a universal force that connects, transforms and renews life. It approached the theme from a scientific, technological, environmental and spiritual perspective. New commissions included a coal-fired computer, a café importing via social networks, a film tracking the movement of the sun, and compositions based on the energy of rivers.
The Festival included 24 exhibitions, 20 performances, 15 screenings, 14 talks, 3 symposia, 2 residencies and a café. This included working with 140 artists, on 18 new commissions and 15 UK premieres, in partnership with 31 venues. Over ten days there were 70,860 visits, an increase of 65% from 2008. The Festival contributed £480k of GVA to the local economy, and achieved £1.25 of economic output per pound invested. AV Festival 2010 won a Silver Award at the North East Tourism Awards.
Highlights of AV Festival 2010 included: new commissions by Charlemagne Palestine, Graham Harwood, Kaffe Matthews, Lee Patterson and Jana Winderen; Kate Rich's Feral Trade Café with its daily menu; exhibitions by Felix Gonzalez-Torres, Felix Hess, artificiel and Zilvinas Kempinas; and the closing night performance with Iain Sinclair, Alan Moore, Susan Stenger, FM Einheit and Stephen O'Malley. In addition the Festival included a focus on recycled film with Kenneth Anger, Craig Baldwin and Rick Prelinger, an underwater concert by Cluster, Liliane Lijn's Power Game and a guest lecture by Gustav Metzger.
AV Festival 2008: Broadcast
AV Festival 2008: Broadcast ran from 28 February – 8 March 2008, and had the curatorial theme of broadcast. The UK began to switch off analogue television signals in 2007, paving the way for television to become entirely digital. At the same time the internet and mobile networks have created opportunities for us to broadcast ourselves in entirely new ways. AV Festival 2008 created a catalyst for debate about the future of broadcasting, and celebrated the history of transmission.
AV Festival 2008 took place across Newcastle, Gateshead, Sunderland and Middlesbrough, and included 12 exhibitions, 37 screenings, 18 performances, 18 talks, symposia and workshops, 14 new commissions, 4 launch events and 3 radio stations. Over ten-days there were a total of 43,038 visits, a 26% increase from 2006. The Festival introduced new audiences to the work: 42% had not been to a similar event before. AV Festival 2008 won a Silver Award at the North East Tourism Awards.
Highlights of AV Festival 2008 included new commissions by Chris Watson and Marko Peljhan, the live performance of John Cage's Variations VII, and solo exhibitions by Harun Farocki, Sonia Boyce, Staalplaat Soundsystem and Joyce Hinterding. In addition the Festival ran three FM radio stations across the region, a special tribute to the radiophonic workshop, performances by Jean-Jacques Perrey, a series of TV screenings at the cinema, and a symposium about music, sound and broadcasting technologies.
AV Festival 2006: LifeLike
AV Festival 2006: LifeLike ran from 2 – 12 March 2006, and had the curatorial theme of life sciences. Our perceptions of what life is, when it starts and ends, and how it works have been transformed by science and technology. AV Festival 2006 featured works that show how technology can mimic, impersonate and simulate life. It also explored the way that biotechnology, genetic engineering and cloning have radically altered the way we imagine life.
AV Festival 2006 took place across Newcastle, Gateshead, Sunderland and Middlesbrough, and included 13 exhibitions, 29 screenings, 8 performances, 17 talks, symposia and workshops, 9 new commissions, and 4 launch events. Over ten days it achieved 34,142 visits, of which 88% were new audiences to the Festival. AV Festival 2006 featured the Festival's first exhibition programme with special preview evenings, including a new installation by Anthony McCall.
Highlights of AV Festival 2006 included: new commissions by Ryoji Ikeda, Michael Nyman, Gina Czarnecki, Anthony McCall and Kenneth Rinaldo; a live performance by Alva Noto (Carsten Nicolai); Suguro Goto's robotic orchestra; and the premiere of Critical Art Ensemble's Marching Plague. In addition there was a comprehensive film programme about how cinema has played a central role in our visions of the future, and a two-day symposium exploring life from social, scientific, technological, ethical and artistic perspectives.
AV Festival 2003: Pilot Edition
AV Festival 2003 took place primarily in cinema spaces across the region, including the recently closed and abandoned Odeon (Paramount) Cinema on Pilgrim Street in Newcastle. Highlights included: the live performance of Man with a Movie Camera by The Cinematic Orchestra; Time Code Live with Mike Figgis; and Matthew Barney's The Cremaster Cycle. In addition there was a Mike Figgis mini-retrospective, a series of onedotzero programmes, artist films at Cineside including Lillian Schwartz, newly commissioned Richard Fenwick films, and a live performance by Tina Frank.
References
External links
Official web site
The Quietus | Features | Three Songs No Flash | No More Coals From Newcastle: Test Dept At AV Festival
Subscribe to read | Financial Times
The AV festival: from here to eternity
The miners' strike: digging into the past with Bill Morrison and AV festival
'Slow cinema' fights back against Bourne's supremacy
Music festivals in Tyne and Wear
Electronic music festivals in the United Kingdom
New media art festivals
Music in Tyne and Wear
Newport is a coastal suburb in the Moreton Bay Region, Queensland, Australia. In the , Newport had a population of 2,964 people.
Geography
Newport is at the north of the Redcliffe Peninsula, approximately north-northeast of Brisbane, the state capital of Queensland, Australia.
History
The suburb of Newport was gazetted as the Place Name Decision Notice (No 21) 2008 in the Queensland Government Gazette – Natural Resources and Water on , after a submission by the then Redcliffe City Council to the Queensland Government Department of Natural Resources and Water in October 2006. An earlier, unsuccessful attempt by the council to create the suburb was made in the 1990s.
Until 2008, Newport was made up of two areas - with that east of Albatross & Walkers Creek Canal being Scarborough, and that on the western side being part of Kippa-Ring. Currently, new land is being cleared and canals being dug out to form the next stage of the suburb to the west of the current established area.
The name Newport comes from the Newport Waterways housing estate that began development in the late 1970s; the artificial canals first filled with water in 1979.
In 1985 the residents of Newport formed the Newport Waterways Property Owners Association Inc (NWPOA) to work with the Moreton Bay Regional Council (previously Redcliffe City Council) and Marina developers to maintain the canals and marine environment in a pristine condition. In 1986 following a number of burglaries, the NWPOA established a Neighbour-hood Watch program called "Newport Watch" to improve community security and social services to canal residents
The first stage of the Newport Waterways housing estate included reclaiming land where Endeavour Park is now situated and the clearance of swampy marshland behind Sunnyside Road. The suburbs first two estates which included the areas north and south of Griffith Road were completed by the early 1990s.
In the mid-late 1990s new canals were constructed west of the area formerly known as Kippa-Ring and a bridge over Albatross Canal, the main waterway, was finished in 2000. A small section of land was sold off as the first stage of the "Isles Of Newport" estate in the early 2000s west of Boardman Road in Kippa-Ring and featured a large park for residents.
With the announcement of the Redcliffe Peninsula railway line some 1.5 km from the centre of Newport and rapid growth projected for the Moreton Bay Region, Redcliffe Seaside Estates Pty Ltd, the developer of the entire Newport suburb, sold their remaining 143ha of land to Stockland in late 2014. The acquisition of land will see Newport's final stages completed within a decade and will include a retail precinct, large non-tidal lake and hundreds of house lots of various sizes. The purchase is Stockland's first major land acquisition in Queensland since North Lakes.
In the , Newport had a population of 2,964 people.
Newport is home to Spinnaker Park, which was voted Australia's Favourite Playground in 2021.
Economy
Newport is known for its predominantly water-side residential housing with artificial canal waterways, near the thriving seafood industry at the Scarborough Boat Harbour.
Education
Southern Cross Catholic College is located in Scarborough.
Government primary schools are Scarborough State School in neighbouring Scarborough to the north-east and Hercules Road State School in neighbouring Kippa-Ring to the south. The nearest government secondary school is Redcliffe State High School in neighbouring Redcliffe in south-east.
Amenities
The NWPOA continues to provide community services such as regular newsletters "The Newport News", Santa on the canals at Christmas, Sundowners in the park, Christmas in July and other community gatherings.
Newport has a two yacht clubs (Newport Cruising Yacht Club and Moreton Bay Boat Club) which regularly sail and compete each Wednesday (WAGS) and Saturday (SAGS).
Newport is also a base for the Newport Game Fishing Club which competes both in Moreton Bay and off-shore.
There are a number of parks in the area:
Ashmole Road Park ()
Atlanta Court Park ()
Boardman Road Park ()
Cooper Park ()
Hubner Park ()
Jim Findlay Park ()
Madeleine Court Park ()
Morgan Park ()
Newport Park ()
Southern Cross Park ()
Talobilla Park ()
References
External links
Suburbs of Moreton Bay Region
Yaamba is a rural town and locality in the Livingstone Shire, Queensland, Australia. In the , the locality of Yaamba had a population of 62 people.
Geography
Yaamba is bounded by the Fitzroy River to the south and by its tributary Alligator Creek to the east. The town is in the south of the locality beside the river.
The Bruce Highway enters the locality from the east (Milman) where it is locally known as Yaamba Road. It passes to the immediate north of the town, after which it is locally known as Kunwarara Road, and exits to the west (Canoona).
The North Coast railway line also passes through the locality from east to west, roughly parallel and north of the highway. The town is served by Yaamba railway station ().
The land is predominantly used for grazing. There are two clusters of housing in the town, one cluster is around the highway and railway station; the other is further south nearer the river.
History
The Darumbal (Tarumbul, Tharoombool) language region includes the city of Rockhampton extending south towards Raglan Creek and north towards the Styx River and inland along the Broad Sound Ranges.
The area takes its name from the pastoral run taken up in the 1860s by Peter Fitzallan MacDonald. It is believed to be an Aboriginal word meaning main camping ground.
Town lots were sold in Yaamba in November 1860.
In July 1872, a Rockhampton architect John William Wilson found a large salt water crocodile known as Big Ben dying in Alligator Creek (it had been shot). Big Ben had originally inhabited the lower reaches of the Fitzroy River but had been frightened by the shipping in the river and had retreated to Alligator Creek. In October that year, Wilson displayed Big Ben and some other crocodiles in Rockhampton's Theatre Royal. Big Ben was long and an analysis of his stomach revealed human bones; local Aboriginal people had long believed Big Ben had eaten people and held a corroborree to celebrate his death.
Yaamba State School opened in 1867. It closed on 12 April 1940. It was located on the north-western corner of Iris Street and Yaamba Siding Road (approx ).
On Saturday 16 January 1926, the Yaamba pumping station was officially opened by the Mayor of RockhamptonTheodore William Kingel and Minister of Railways James Larcombe. The purpose of the pumping station was to supply the rapidly-growing City of Rockhampton with a reliable freshwater supply from the Fitzroy River, as the lower reaches of the Fitzoy River closer to Rockhampton were tidal and the water salty. The water from the Yaamba pumping station was then piped to a filtration plant at Mount Charlton (in The Caves) before being distributed through the city. The cost of the completed project was £400,000, a huge amount at that time, and considerably higher than the estimated cost of £114,000 when the project was approved by the Rockhampton City Council in 1914. Due to World War I, the need to raise the funds to build the new supply, and ongoing public opinion that a cheaper solution must be possible, construction did not commence until 24 January 1924 when James Larcombe turned the first sod. After the World War II, it became clear that the continued growth of Rockhampton combined with periods of drought would require more water than what was currently being sourced from Yaamba. While there was the possibilitiy a second pipeline from Yaamba, there had been ongoing problems with the build-up of sediment in the very long first pipeline reducing the volume of water, which were difficult and expensive to fix. Commencing in 1969, a barrage was built across the Fitzroy River in Rockhampton (between Wandal and Park Avenue) to prevent the salty tidal flows extending further up the river with the new Glenmore pumping station and water treatment works in Parkhurst completed in 1971. Yaamba pumping station is no longer in use. It is on the western side of Auckland Street ().
In the , the locality of Yaamba had a population of 62 people.
Education
There are no schools in Yaamba. The nearest government primary school is Milman State School in neighbouring Milman to the east. The nearest government secondary school is Glenmore State High School in Kawana in Rockhampton.
Facilities
Yaamba Cemetery is on the south-eastern corner of Iris Street and Yaamba Siding Road (). It is managed by the Livingstone Shire Council.
References
External links
Shire of Livingstone
Towns in Queensland
Localities in Queensland
Spirorhaphe (sometimes misspelt Spiroraphe) is an ichnogenus of spiraling burrows. It is associated with the Nereites ichnofacies, which is interpreted as an indicator of deep-sea, pelagic, turbidity current-dominated systems. It is one of the most common graphoglyptid traces found in modern ocean beds.
References
Trace fossils
Paleozoic life of Ontario
Paleozoic life of Manitoba
Paleozoic life of Quebec
Guifi.net is a free, open and neutral, mostly wireless community network, with over 37,000 active nodes and about 71,000 km of wireless links (as of December 2021). The majority of these nodes are located in Catalonia and the Valencian Community, in Spain, but the network is growing in other parts of the world. The network is self-organized and operated by the users using unlicensed wireless links and open optical fiber links.
The nodes of the network are contributed by individuals, companies and administrations that freely connect to an open telecommunications network and extend the network wherever the infrastructure and content might not otherwise be accessible. Nodes join the network following the self-provision model since the whole structure is explicitly open to facilitate understanding how it is structured, so that everyone can create new sections as required. That results in a network infrastructure commons that provides abundant connectivity.
Guifi.net is supported by the Guifi.net Foundation, which has been registered as an operator with the Spanish Telecommunications Market Commission (CMT) since April 2009. In August 2009, the first deployment of optical fiber was started, known as the Fiber From The Farms (FFTF) Broadband Initiative, covering about 2 km and linking dozens of farms and farmhouses in the town of Gurb.
Since early 2011, guifi.net has been connected to the Catalonia Neutral Internet Exchange Point (CATNIX), which exchanges data with other international telecommunications operators such as Cogent Communications and Hurricane Electric. This Internet connection is used by several associations that offer their members high-speed Internet access at low cost, which other Internet service providers currently do not offer. The model is oriented to cost sharing, the compensation mechanism.
The basic principle of operation is based on the Wireless Commons License.
See also
Mesh networking
Freifunk
NYC Mesh
internet (lowercase "i"), a collection of interconnected computers and/or networks (companies, neighborhoods, villages, communities) that are set up to communicate with each other
References
External links
What is guifi.net?
Services on guifi.net
guifi.net Autonomous System Number
guifi.net + EXO
guifi.net documentation wiki
Guifi.net presentation
Community networks
Internet service providers of Spain
Mesh networking
Telecommunication companies of Spain
Wireless network organizations
Salvatore Curaba (born August 27, 1963 in La Louvière, Belgium) is an entrepreneur and former professional football player. He is the youngest son of 5 of an immigrant family from Italy (Sicily). Married to Patricia since May 1990, they have two children: Céline (born 1993) and Stéphane (born 1995).
Early life
Salvatore Curaba's parents left Italy for Belgium in 1956. His father worked in the mines of Saint-Vaast, Fontaine l'Évêque and Sainte-Marguerite. After studying Math and Latin in Saint-Joseph school, Salvatore Curaba studied ICT Engineering at ICET Cuemes for 2 years.
Football career (1972–1991)
Royale Association Athlétique Louviéroise
1972–1982
As many kids of his age, Salvatore was passionate about football. He started playing at Royale Association Athlétique Louviéroise at 9 years old. He made his debut in the first team in 1982 at 19 years old in second division.
82-83: Second Division. Coach: André Gorez
Royal Charleroi Sporting Club
83-84: Second Division. Coach: Eric Vanlessen
84-85: Second Division. Coach: André Colasse
On 21 June 1985, the RSCS won the « Final Round » and was upgraded in first division.
85-86: First Division. Coach: André Colasse
86-87: First Division. Coach: André Colasse
87-88: RCSC turned professional. Coach: Aimé Anthuenis
At the end of this season, after 70 matched played in First Division, Salvatore Curaba had to choose between a full-time professional football player career or an IT career. He opted for IT but kept playing football for the RAAL (third division).
Royale Association Ahtlétique Louviéroise
88-89: Third Division. Coach: Casimir Jagiello
89-90: Third Division. Coach: Guy Fromont
Stade Louvain
90-91: Second Division. Coach: Vince Biganti
Coach formation
At 27 years old, after few injuries, Salvatore Curaba decided to stop his football career and went for a football coach formation.
91-93: Belgian trainer school (UEFA B Certificate)
IT career (1983–1999)
SBAI
In 1983, Salvatore Curaba started working at SBAI, an ICT company. He started as a programmer, became an analyst and after 3 years he was a project manager specialized in the hospital sector. While working for SBAI Salvatore was also a professional football player for the Royal Charleroi Sporting Club.
IBS
Sales Rep
In 1988, after quitting his career as a professional football player for the Royal Charleroi Sporting Club, Salvatore Curaba became Sales representative for the IT company Proget (which will be bought by IBS in 1996).
Sales Manager
In 1994, Salvatore Curaba had to choose between a career as football coach or keep evolving in the IT sector. He opted for IT and was promoted Sales Manager for IBS. In 1998, after 10 years in this company and a few months before being nominated General Manager for IBS's Brussels offices, Salvatore left the company to found his own IT company, EASI.
Entrepreneurship career (1999-today)
EASI
Founder & Managing Partner
At the age of 35, Salvatore founded EASI on March 26, 1999 with Christian Castelain. EASI is a Belgian computer services company which offers solutions developed from the latest technology in sectors such as software and mobile applications, infrastructure and cloud computing. In 2012, the company counted 90 employees. This was an important tipping point. After more than 10 years of valuable collaboration between Salvatore Curaba and Christian Castelain, they decided that one person needed to take over the company. Salvatore decided to buy out his partner and became EASI's unique CEO. From this moment, Salvatore managed his company the way he always wanted to: he developed a unique management style based on freedom, share and transparency. His main objective is his company's performances combined to his employee's happiness. Salvatore Curaba has made the choice to regularly sell his company shares to his collaborators. Elected "Best Workplace" of Belgium in 2015 and 2016 and 8th “Best Workplace” in Europe, EASI devotes much attention to the happiness of its 150 employees. Salvatore Curaba has been nominated for the Manager of the Year award by Trends Tendances in 2014 and EASI was nominated for the Enterprise of the Year award 2015 by Ernst & Young.
Football clubs
In 2015, after more than 30 years away from the football sector, Salvatore Curaba was approached to take over the Royal Albert Elisabeth Club from Mons. The deal was never concluded.
Later in 2015, the Union Royale la Louviere Centre also contacted him to take over the club. These negotiations didn't lead to a deal yet.
Public speaker
Since 2014, Salvatore Curaba has regularly given speeches and conferences around Belgium, in which he links his former challenges as professional football player with his career as a businessman and entrepreneur.
Awards, Honors, Press
2014: Nominated for Manager of the year (Trends Tendance)
2015: EASI finalist for Company of the year (EY)
2015: Best Workplace Belgium (Vlerick Business School)
2016: Best Workplace Belgium (Vlerick Business School)
8 Times: Trends Gazelles
References
External links
http://www.easi.net/
Belgian footballers
Belgian businesspeople
1963 births
Living people
People from La Louvière
Association footballers not categorized by position
Paul Gilmour (born 10 May 1965) is an Australian sprint canoeist who competed in the late 1980s. He finished fourth in the K-4 1000 m event at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.
References
Sports-reference.com profile
1965 births
Australian male canoeists
Canoeists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Australia
Pride of the Wicked is the second full-length album by Christian metal band War of Ages. The album was released on September 5, 2006 on Facedown Records. It was the first album to feature T.J. Alford, formerly of Mortal Treason.
Track listing
"Guide for the Helpless" - (4:27)
"Rise From the Ashes - (3:59)
"Strength Within - (3:51)
"Absence of Fear - (3:20)
"The Fall of Pride - (4:40)
"Heart of a Warrior - (3:54)
"Aftermath - (4:37)
"Bitter Sweet - (3:38)
"Silenced Insecurities - (3:54)
"Stone By Stone - (4:56)
Personnel
War of Ages
Leroy Hamp – lead vocals
Steve Brown – lead guitar, backing vocals
Jonathan Lynch – rhythm guitar, backing vocals
T.J. Alford – bass guitar, backing vocals
Alex Hamp – drums
Production
Dave Quiggle - artwork
2006 albums
War of Ages albums
Facedown Records albums
Oliver Elwin Wells (July 2, 1853 – December 26, 1922) was an American educator.
Born in Lamartine, Wisconsin, Wells lived in Vermont from 1858 to 1862, but moved back to Fond du Lac County, Wisconsin; Wells went to the University of Chicago, but did not graduate. He moved to Waupaca County, Wisconsin where he was principal of a school in Manawa, Wisconsin and then moved to Appleton, Wisconsin, where he was a superintendent of public schools. Then he moved to Wausau, Wisconsin, where he helps set up the Wausau Normal School. He served as the Wisconsin Superintendent of Public Instruction from 1891 to 1895. Wells died in Wausau and was buried in Manawa.
Sifting and winnowing incident
In 1894, Wells, as an ex officio member of the University of Wisconsin Board of Regents, attempted to have Richard T. Ely, professor of political economy and director of the School of Economics, Political Science, and History at the University of Wisconsin, expelled from his position at Wisconsin for purportedly teaching socialistic doctrines. This effort failed, with the state Board of Regents issuing a ringing proclamation in favor of academic freedom, acknowledging the necessity for freely "sifting and winnowing" among competing claims of truth. The television series Profiles in Courage did an episode in 1964 titled "Richard T. Ely" about the controversy. Wells was played by Edward Asner.
Notes
1853 births
1922 deaths
People from Fond du Lac County, Wisconsin
People from Wausau, Wisconsin
University of Chicago alumni
Educators from Wisconsin
Superintendents of Public Instruction of Wisconsin
School superintendents in Wisconsin
Monghpyak District (also Mong Hpyak or Mongphyat) is a district of the Shan State in Myanmar. It consists 2 townships and 554 villages.
Townships
The district contains the following townships:
Mong Hpayak Township
Mong Yawng Township
Districts of Myanmar
Geography of Shan State
Santa & Andres () is a 2016 internationally co-produced drama film written and directed by Carlos Lechuga.
The film had its world premiere in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2016 Toronto International Film Festival. It was shown at the San Sebastián, Zurich, Chicago, Göteborg, Miami, Cartagena, and Guadalajara film festivals, among others. It was also initially selected to be screened at the 2016 Havana Film Festival, which, in 2014, had bestowed its "Unproduced Script Award" to the film's script, but was subsequently excluded at the instigation of the state-run Instituto Cubano del Arte e Industria Cinematográficos. After having initially been invited to screen in competition at the Havana Film Festival New York in April 2017, the film was relegated to a special screening – according to Variety due to pressure from the ICAIC – and then, out of protest, pulled altogether by Lechuga.
Plot
In 1983 Cuba, Andrés, a dissident gay novelist is placed under house arrest for his sexual and ideological orientation. Santa, a local peasant woman working on a state farm is assigned to keep a close watch on him for three consecutive days, keeping him from disrupting a political event and gaining the attention of foreign journalists. An unlikely friendship forms between the two as they both realize that they have a lot in common.
Cast
Jorge Abreu
Lola Amores
Eduardo Martinez
References
External links
2016 films
2016 drama films
Colombian drama films
Cuban drama films
French drama films
Cuban LGBT-related films
2010s Spanish-language films
Colombian LGBT-related films
2016 LGBT-related films
LGBT-related drama films
2010s French films
The Ordre du Mérite civil (Order of Civil Merit) of France was created on 14 October 1957 to reward individuals who have rendered services reported to the state as part of the Ministry of Interior, or to departments, municipalities and public institutions. The order is managed by the Interior minister, assisted by a Council of the Order.
The Order was deprecated by decree on 3 December 1963, and superseded by the Ordre national du Mérite. Extant members may continue to display their decorations.
Classes
The Order has three classes:
Commandeur (Commander)
Officier (Officer)
Chevalier (Knight)
References
Civil Merit
Civil Merit
Awards established in 1957
1957 establishments in France
1963 disestablishments in France
Orders of merit
"Cut the Kid" is a song by French DJ and record producer Madeon. He described it as "kind of happy groovy production jam". It was released as a free download in February 2014 through Madeon's website. Madeon claims to have created it in 2011 or 2012. "Cut the Kid" was accessed via a puzzle, which the user had to complete before receiving the download. The song features on the deluxe edition of his debut studio album, Adventure (2015).
References
External links
"Cut the Kid" on SoundCloud
2014 singles
2014 songs
Madeon songs
Song recordings produced by Madeon
Songs written by Madeon
HMS Griffon was a Philomel-class gunvessel that served in the Royal Navy of the United Kingdom from 1860 to 1866. The steam-powered ship, built by Northfleet, was launched on 25 February 1860 as part of the Philomel-class, she was intended to succeed the Intrepid-class gunvessel.
The Griffon was lost on 2 October 1866 when she accidentally collided with HMS Pandora, which would later become the USS Jeannette, off the coast of Little Popo (now Aného), Togo. The crews of both vessels were rescued; the Pandora was transferred to the reserve before returning to active service the next year and later being sold to Allen Young.
An inquiry was conducted into the loss of the Griffon and Commander Stubbs of the Pandora was court martialed for his part in the incident. In 1867, the Naval and Military Gazette described the findings of the commission: "The proper signal to the Griffon was 'Tack immediately!'... but behold! there [sic] is no such signal in the night-signal book, and it cannot be made." Due to this issue, the officer on the Griffon attempted to use the daytime signal. It was misinterpreted by those aboard the Pandora, leading to the collision.
The Gazette concluded that "more than five years ago, Commander Colomb invented a system of signals fully available for all purposes...which superseded with the greatest benefit the old system. The loss of the Griffon is, in short, but another page of the old story- resistance to improvement by the Board of Admiralty." Colomb's system, which utilized burning lime and was already utilized by the Navy's Channel Fleet, was adopted by the rest of the Royal Navy the same year. Stubbs was subsequently "placed at the bottom of the list of Commanders, and...dismissed [from] his ship."
References
1860 ships
Shipwrecks in the Atlantic Ocean
Ships built in England
Steamships of the United Kingdom
The Chamber of Commerce is the national chamber of commerce of Mauritania. It is located in Nouakchott, northwest of Mosque Ould Abas and just south of the Central Bank of Mauritania.
References
Nouakchott
Government of Mauritania
Stéphane Lenormand is a French politician from Saint Pierre and Miquelon. He is a member of Archipelago Tomorrow and was President of the Territorial Council of Saint Pierre and Miquelon from 2017 to 2020.
Electoral history
For legislative elections to the French Parliament, he contested Saint-Pierre-et-Miquelon's 1st constituency in both 2017 and 2022.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
21st-century French politicians
Archipelago Tomorrow politicians
People from Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Presidents of the Territorial Council of Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Deputies of the 16th National Assembly of the French Fifth Republic
Members of Parliament for Saint-Pierre-et-Miquelon
Erythronium rostratum, the yellow fawnlily or golden-star, is a plant species native to the south-central part of the United States (Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma, Ohio, Texas, Alabama, Arkansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, and Tennessee).
Erythronium rostratum produces egg-shaped bulbs up to 20 mm long. Leaves are lanceolate, up to 20 cm long. Scape is up to 10 cm tall, bearing one yellow flower.
References
External links
photo of herbarium specimen at Missouri Botanical Garden, Erythronium rostratum, collected in Missouri
rostratum
Flora of the United States
Plants described in 1941
Queensland is a community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
About west of Halifax, the area is on the north-western side of Saint Margaret's Bay, between Black Point to the north-east, and the nearby Hubbards community to the north-west. The area was used by the Miꞌkmaq First Nations people.
Places of interest
The Rug Hooking Museum of North America is to the west of the community.
The Saint Margaret's Bay Area Rails-to-Trails follows the Nova Scotia Trunk 3 highway, part of a multi-use recreational trail from Hubley southward to Hubbards. It reused the route of the CN Rail line.
Parks
Queensland has three of Nova Scotia's South Shore Region Parks in the vicinity:
Cleveland Beach Provincial Park (established 1978), to the north, with a sandy beach,
Hubbards Provincial Park, from Queensland Beach Provincial Park, with a boat launch site, and
Queensland Beach Provincial Park (established 1980), with a sandy beach.
Historical places
Dorey House, 15 Dorey Lane, was recognized in 1991 as a historic place as a one-and-a-half storey, mid-nineteenth century, single-dwelling, Gothic Revival house. Built in 1848, it was part of the Saint Margaret's Bay settlement of Foreign Protestants of Lunenburg. Set on farming land, the owners also engaged in fishing for several generations. It remained in the family until sold in 1984.
The community has two cemeteries:
Saint Andrew's–Saint Mark's United Church Cemetery, near 8959 Saint Margaret's Bay Road (), and
at the former Saint John the Baptist Anglican Church.
Notable persons
Commander 'Yogi' Jensen RCN (ret.) (1921–2004), commander of , and , and the Seventh Canadian Escort Squadron. Retiring from the navy in 1964, he settled in Queensland, and wrote seven books including Tin hats, oilskins and seaboots: a naval journey, 1938–1945 (), and illustrated another nine books. Jensen led the museum acquisition of . He was made a Member of the Order of Canada in 2004, for helping 'to preserve the history and heritage of Atlantic Canada'.
Sarah Mian, Canadian writer and novelist, commencing with When the Saints (2015), resident of Queensland.
George Young (1924–2002), naval service, engineering and construction, writer. Young and his family moved to Queensland in 1956. He wrote Bluenose capers: Some humourous vignettes of life in Nova Scotia and other stories (1971), Bottoms up: More humorous vignettes of life in Nova Scotia and other stories (1976), Ghosts in Nova Scotia: Tales of the supernatural (1979), The short triangle: A story of the sea and men who go down to it in ships (1979), Ancient peoples and modern ghosts (1980), Over mulled rum: More humourous vignettes of life in Nova Scotia and other stories (1983), Who killed Surcouf: The untold story of the occupation of the Islands of Saint Pierre (1986), and Oak Island treasure.
Gallery
References
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
Communities in Halifax, Nova Scotia
The 2014 Moscow Victory Day Parade took place in Red Square on 9 May 2014 to commemorate the 69th anniversary of the capitulation of Nazi Germany in 1945, which formally ended hostilities in the Second World War in Europe. The annual parade marks the Allied victory in the Great Patriotic War on the same day as the signing of the German act of capitulation to the Allies in Berlin, at midnight of May 9, 1945 (Russian time). President of Russia Vladimir Putin delivered his eleventh holiday address to the nation on this day.
Parade specifics
Members of the Presidential Cavalry Squadron of the Kremlin Regiment took part in the part to honour the contributions of the Red Army Cavalry Corps Joining the parade for the first time were the cadets of the Tver Suvorov Military School and the Kronstadt Sea Cadet Corps. In the mobile column, the Tor-M2U air-defense missile systems, the 9M123 Khrizantema tracked tank destroyers and Typhoon-K APCs were also seen. This year's mobile column had a record 149 military vehicles in attendance, with 69 planes (including for the very first time 4 Yak-130s from a newly formed air aerobatics group, the "tactical air wing" formation by pilots from the Lipetsk State Aviation Center and also for the first time, in a late addition to compensate for the absences of the Russian Knights and Swifts aerobatics teams that were in Sevastopol, four brand-new Mil Mi-35s) forming the fly-past.
Minister of Defense of the Russian Federation General of the Army Sergey Shoigu inspected the parade for the second time, and this year's parade commander was the Deputy Chief of the General Staff of the Russian Armed Forces, Colonel General Oleg Salyukov.
Preparation
Beginning in November/December 2013, preparations for the parade were well attended at the unit level. Individual unit practices were held in the various military installations for all the participating units. Full-scale rehearsals officially started on March 31, 2014, in the Alabino training grounds in Moscow Oblast, with the rehearsals there to formally conclude in April the same year in order to prepare for the practice runs in Moscow's Red Square in May. Also rehearsing for the parade are the massed military bands of the Armed Forces and the Moscow Garrison, all to be conducted for the 12th straight year by Lieutenant General Valery Khalilov, the Senior Director of Music of the Bands Service of the Russian Armed Forces, and the units and vehicles forming the mobile column. Practice runs for the Russian Knights and Swifts air aerobatics teams that formed part of the fly past column commenced on April 6, 2014. A first general practice run (without the flypast) was held in the Alabino grounds on April 7, 2014, with another run finished on the 11th.
April 16, 2014 saw the first joint practice run of the parade at the Alabino grounds including the fly past column for the first time. Also found joining the parade for the first time in 4 years was the 1st Cavalry Squadron from the Presidential Cavalry Escort Battalion, Kremlin Regiment. The Moscow leg of the practice runs commenced on April 21, 2014 with the mobile column driving its way along Tverskaya Street for its first practice run in the capital. This was followed by the first night practice runs on Red Square itself, joined by the bands, the marching troops and the mobile column, which began on April 29 to 30.
The air flypast column held a practice run above the skies of Moscow on May 3, 2014. All 69 planes joining this year's parade took part, and the run-through was cheered on by both Muscovites and tourists alike. A final nighttime practice run was held on May 5 on Moscow's Red Square. And on May 7, despite the cold weather earlier that day, a final parade practice run was held that morning at 10AM Moscow Time, with General of the Army Shoigu inspecting and with Colonel General Salyukov leading the contingents, just as they would have done in the actual parade.
Full order of the parade
Bold indicates first appearance, italic indicates multiple appearances, Bold and italic indicate returning appearance, all indicated unless otherwise noted.
General of the Army Sergey Shoigu, Minister of Defense of the Russian Federation (parade inspector)
Colonel General Oleg Salyukov, Commander-in-Chief of the Russian Ground Forces (parade commander)
Military Bands
Massed Military Bands of the Armed Forces under the direction of the Senior Director of Music of the Military Bands Service of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation, Lieutenant General Valery Khalilov
Corps of Drums of the Moscow Military Music School
Ground Column
154th Preobrazhensky Independent Commandant's Regiment Colour Guard and Honour Guard Company of the 1st Honor Guard Battalion, 154th PICR
Presidential Cavalry Escort Battalion, Kremlin Regiment (returning)
Suvorov Military School (first appearance for the Tver branch)
Nakhimov Naval School
Kronstadt Sea Cadet Corps (first appearance)
Aksanskiy Cossack Cadet Corps
Combined Arms Academy of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation
Military University of the Ministry of Defence of the Russian Federation
Military Academy of Material and Technical Security "General of the Army A. V. Khrulev"
Zhukovsky – Gagarin Air Force Academy
Baltic Naval Military Institute "Admiral Fyodor Ushakov" (returning)
382nd Independent Marine Battalion of the Black Sea Fleet (first appearance)
336th Independent Guards Biaystok Marine Brigade of the Baltic Fleet
Military Space Academy "Alexander Mozhaysky"
Peter the Great Military Academy of the Strategic Missile Forces (returning)
Ryazan Guards Higher Airborne Command School "Gen. of the Army Vasily Margelov" 98th Guards Airborne Division
1st NBC Coastal Brigade
9th Chemical Disposal Regiment
29th and 38th Independent Railway Brigades of the Russian Railway Troops
16th Spetsnaz Brigade, Western Military District (returning)
ODON Ind. Motorized Internal Troops Division of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Russian Federation "Felix Dzerzhinsky"
Civil Defense Academy of the Ministry of Emergency Situations
Moscow Border Guards Institute of the Border Guard Service of the Federal Security Service of the Russian Federation "Moscow City Council"
2nd Guards Tamanskaya Motor Rifle Division "Mikhail Kalinin"
4th Guards Kantemirovskaya Tank Division "Yuri Andropov"
Military Technical University of the Federal Agency of Special Construction
Moscow Military Commanders Training School "Supreme Soviet of Russia"
Mobile Column
GAZ-2975
BTR-80 and BTR-82A
Typhoon-K armored personnel carrier (first appearance)
T-90A
9P157-2 Khrizantema-S tank destroyer (first appearance)
2S19 Msta-S
Buk-M2 missile system
Tor-M2U missile system (first appearance for the M2U variant)
S-400 Triumf
Pantsir-S1
9K720 Iskander
RS-24 Yars
Air Fly Past Column
Mil Mi-26
Mil Mi-8 Colors Party
Mil Mi-24
Mil Mi-28
Mil Mi-35 (first appearance)
Kamov Ka-52
Mikoyan MiG-29
Sukhoi Su-24
Sukhoi Su-34
Sukhoi Su-27
Mikoyan MiG-31
Ilyushin Il-76
Ilyushin Il-78
Tupolev Tu-22M3
Tupolev Tu-95
Tupolev Tu-160
Beriev A-50
Sukhoi Su-25
Antonov An-124
Antonov An-22
Yakovlev Yak-130''' (first appearance)
Music
Flag procession, Review, and Address
Sacred War (Священная Война) by Alexander Alexanderov
Solemn Triumphal March (Торжественно-Триумфальный Марш) by Valery Khalilov
March of the Preobrazhensky Regiment (Марш Преображенского Полка) by Unknown
Slow March of the Officers Schools (Встречный Марш офицерских училищ) by Semyon Tchernetsky
Slow March to Carry the War Flag (Встречный Марш для выноса Боевого Знамени) by Dmitriy Valentinovich Kadeyev
Slow March of the Guards of the Navy (Гвардейский Встречный Марш Военно-Морского Флота) by Nikolai Pavlocich Ivanov-Radkevich
Slow March (Встречный Марш) by Evgeny Aksyonov
Glory (Славься) by Mikhail Glinka
Parade Fanfare All Listen! (Парадная Фанфара “Слушайте все!”) by Andrei Golovin
State Anthem of the Russian Federation (Государственный Гимн Российской Федерации) by Alexander Alexandrov
Signal Retreat (Сигнал “Отбой”)
Infantry Column
March General Miloradovich (Марш “Генерал Милорадович”) by Valery Khalilov
Triumph of the Winners (Триумф Победителей)
In Defense of the Homeland (В защиту Родины) by Viktor Sergeyevich Runov
We are the Army of the People (Мы Армия Народа) by Georgy Viktorovich Mavsesya
Air March (Авиамарш) by Yuliy Abramovich Khait
Legendary Sevastopol (Легендарный Севастополь) by Bano Muradeli
Crew is One Family (Экипаж - одна семья) by Viktor Vasilyevich Pleshak
March of the Cosmonauts/Friends, I believe (Марш Космонавтов /Я верю, друзья) by Oskar Borisovich Feltsman
Artillery March (Марш Артиллеристов) by Tikhon Khrennikov
We Need One Victory (Нам Нужна Одна Победа) by Bulat Shalvovich Okudzhava
To Serve Russia (Служить России) by Eduard Cemyonovich Khanok
Sound about the Alarming Youth (Песня о тревожной молодости) by Alexandera Pakhmutova
March Parade Ground (Марш “Плац”) by Valery Khalilov
On Guard for the Peace (На страже Мира) by Boris Alexanderovich Diev
Ballad of a Soldier (Баллада о Солдате) by Vasily Pavlovich Solovyov-Sedoy
On the Road (В Путь) by Vasily Pavlovich Solovyov-Sedoy
Victory Day (День Победы) by David Fyodorovich Tukhmanov
Mobile Column
March General Miloradovich (Марш “Генерал Милорадович”) by Valery Khalilov
Invincible and Legendary (Несокрушимая и легендарная) by Alexander Alexandrov
Legendary Sevastopol (Легендарный Севастополь) by Bano Muradeli
March Hero (Марш “Герой”) by Unknown
March Three Tankmen (Марш “Три Танкиста”) by Pokrass Brothers
March of the Soviet Tankists (Марш сове́тских танки́стов) by Pokrass Brothers
March Victory (Марш “Победа”) by Albert Mikhailovich Arutyunov
Katyusha (Катюша) by Matvey Blanter
Artillery March (Марш Артиллеристов) by Tikhon Khrennikov
Long Live our State (Да здравствует наша держава) by Boris Alexandrov
Air Column
Air March (Авиамарш) by Yuliy Abramovich Khait
March Airplanes – First of all (Марш “Первым делом самолёты”) by Vasili-Solovyov-Sedoi
Air March (Авиамарш) by Yuliy Abramovich Khait
Conclusion
Invincible and Legendary (Несокрушимая и легендарная) by Alexander Alexandrov
Farewell of Slavianka'' (Прощание Славянки) by Vasiliy Agapkin
Simultaneous Crimean parades
Parades occurred in 23 major Russian cities, including the newly incorporated federal city of Sevastopol, which was annexed by Russia (along with the rest of Crimea) in March 2014. Sevastopol also celebrated the 70th anniversary of its liberation from Nazi Germany in May 1944. This year the Crimean Hero City of Kerch also held its first holiday parade, and also celebrated the 70th anniversary of its liberation from Nazi Germany on April 11, 1944. The Sevastopol parade saw the Black Sea Fleet parade for the first time independently of the Ukrainian Navy. Putin also attended a fleet review on the city where he delivered an address.
Aside from these, 50 more cities and towns in Russia planned to hold joint civil/military parades in honor of the celebrations.
Gallery
See also
Moscow Victory Parade of 1945
Victory Day (9 May)
External links
Victory Day parade on Moscow's Red Square 2014 (FULL VIDEO)
Военно-морской парад в Севастополе 9 мая 2014
References
Moscow Victory Day Parades
Moscow Victory Day Parade
2014 in military history
2014 in Moscow
May 2014 events in Russia
Utpal Banerjee (born 1957) is a Distinguished Professor of the Department of Molecular, Cell and Developmental Biology at UCLA. He obtained his Bachelor of Science degree in Chemistry from St. Stephen's College, Delhi University, India and obtained his Master of Science degree in Physical Chemistry from the Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur, India. In 1984, he obtained a PhD in Chemistry from the California Institute of Technology where he was also a Postdoctoral Fellow in the laboratory of Seymour Benzer from 1984-1988.
Banerjee joined UCLA in 1988 as an Assistant Professor and attained the rank of Full Professor in 1994 in the Department of Molecular, Cell and Developmental Biology. He became Vice-Chair of that department in 1998, Chair in 2001 until 2017, and the Irving and Jean Stone Endowed Chair in Life Science in 2009. He has a joint appointment in the Department of Biological Chemistry at the David Geffen School of Medicine and is also Co-Director of the UCLA Broad Stem Cell Research Center. Banerjee teaches courses in genetics that encourage undergraduates to participate in research and he is the Director of the UCLA Interdepartmental Minor in Biomedical Research. He has also taught many genetics and developmental biology classes to undergraduate and graduate students. He is among 20 professors nationally to be awarded a $1 million grant by the Howard Hughes Medical Institute to creatively improve undergraduate science teaching.
Honors and awards
Banerjee was elected Member of the National Academy of Sciences (2018); Director, Genetics Society of America Board of Directors (2010); Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (2009); Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences (2008); President of the Drosophila Board, Genetics Society of America (2008). He also served on the Life Sciences jury for the Infosys Prize in 2014.
He was awarded the NIH Director's Pioneer Award, National Institutes of Health (2011); Professors Award, Howard Hughes Medical Institute (2010, 2006, 2002); Elizabeth W. Jones Award for Excellence in Education, Genetics Society of America (2010); Professor Mager Memorial Lecturer, University of Jerusalem, Israel (2004); Deans' Recognition Award, UCLA (2003); Gold Shield Faculty Prize, UCLA (2000); One of the Top 20 Professors of the Bruin Century, UCLA Today (2000); Kalfayan Memorial Lecture, University of North Carolina (1999); Margaret E. Early Medical Research Trust Award (1998); Harriet and Charles Luckman Distinguished Teaching Award, UCLA (1997); Eby Award for the Art of Teaching, UCLA (1997); Investigator Award, McKnight Endowment Fund for Neuroscience (1996); Faculty Research Award, American Cancer Society (1993); Distinguished Faculty Teaching Award, Department of Biology, UCLA (1992); Alfred P. Sloan Foundation Award (1990–1992); McKnight Foundation Scholars Award (1989); Life Sciences Research Foundation Award Burroughs Wellcome Fund Fellow (1986–1988); Del E. Webb Postdoctoral Fellowship (1983–1986); Certificate of Merit, Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur (1977 1978); Sheshadri Memorial Award of the Delhi University (1977); National Paper Reading Prize (1976); National Science Talent Award (1974).
Banerjee is the third highest salaried professor at a public university in the state of California.
Research
Earlier work from Banerjee's laboratory identified the Son of sevenless (Sos) gene that links RTKs to the oncogene Ras. His laboratory has also identified novel means by which different signal transduction cascades combine to distinguish between neural and non-neural cell types. They have also made critical discoveries in identifying transcription factors and signaling components that are responsible for hematopoiesis in Drosophila.
Blood Stem Cell Maintenance
Banerjee's research focuses on the maintenance of blood stem cells, specifically hematopoietic stem cells that are maintained within a microenvironment where signals from a niche are important for the maintenance of quiescence within a precursor population. Lack of such a niche-derived signal will cause loss of "stemness," resulting in increased proliferation and eventual differentiation. His research examines this phenomenon in the Drosophila hematopoietic organ using genetic technologies available in this model organism.
Results from Banerjee's lab have shown that the "stemness" of these cells is maintained through the combined action of a Niche Signal, that is generated by Hedgehog (Hh), a local signal generated by Wingless/Wnt and a reverse signal from the differentiated cells to the stem cells. His team has termed this combined action the Equilibrium Signal. Several important concepts underlying Drosophila blood development have allowed them to propose this system as an appropriate genetic model for vertebrate hematopoiesis, and these molecular mechanisms are being explored in the laboratory.
Stress Response systems
Banerjee's studies have led to the investigation of multiple stress response systems. Myeloid blood cells are ideal for the study of response to many kinds of stresses. Hypoxia-related factors and free radicals known as reactive oxygen species (ROS) play a role both in hematopoietic development and in stress response. Similarly, his lab has found that the NF-κB derived inflammatory response plays a major role in the way blood cells respond to injury at distant sites. Banerjee's emerging view from these studies is that basic developmental mechanisms are co-opted again for stress, injury and inflammatory responses by the myeloid hematopoietic system. Genetic analysis will allow his team to understand the interrelationship between these important biological phenomena that have great relevance to diseases and disorders in humans.
Metabolic control in Cancer pathways
Banerjee and his researchers are also interested in the study of metabolic control in cancer pathways. In the past, his lab has identified components of signal transduction pathways that participate in oncogenesis. In addition, they have examined the role of the mitochondrion in controlling cell cycle, particularly that when cells become transformed they choose alternate means of metabolism (a phenomenon referred to as the Warburg effect). Also of interest to Banerjee and his team is studying the effect of signal transduction pathways on the control of cellular metabolism and the proper balance between cellular growth and metabolism that goes awry in cancer.
References
External links
Banerjee Lab website
UCLA ACCESS Faculty Profile
American people of Indian descent
University of California, Los Angeles faculty
1957 births
Living people
St. Stephen's College, Delhi alumni
IIT Kanpur alumni
California Institute of Technology alumni
Indian molecular biologists
Developmental biologists
Indian cell biologists
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
Howard Hughes Medical Investigators
Scientists from Delhi
20th-century Indian biologists
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
Alin Liţu (born 22 October 1986 in Craiova, Romania) is a retired football striker that was under contract with Steaua București.
Career
Debut
Coming out through the youth ranks of Steaua București, Alin Liţu made his debut under the coaching of Walter Zenga on 8 May 2005, during the Oţelul – Steaua 1-0 match. Used intermittently during the last part of that season, Liţu never really proved his point and ended up playing for the Steaua II during the following season.
Jiul spell
During the 2006–2007 season he was loaned to CS Jiul Petroşani, where he played a total of 10 matches, but didn't score a single goal.
Gloria Buzău spell
For the 2007–2008 season, Steaua București loaned him to newly promoted Gloria Buzău, where he would make a name for himself and earn first team experience. The season was disappointing for him, in terms of goalscoring – only four goals in 37 appearances. His loan was extended for another 6 months (the first half of the 2008–2009 season) before returning to Steaua București.
Steaua return
After an impressive winter training period, where he scored many goals and seemed to be one of the frontrunners for occupying a first team spot, Liţu spent most of the following period playing for the Steaua II or coming as a sub in few matches.
In 2009–10, Liţu was demoted to the B squad.
In January 2010 Steaua II București loaned Liţu to Gaz Metan Mediaş until June 2012.
Honours
Steaua București
Romanian Championship League: 2004–05
External links
1986 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Craiova
Romanian footballers
FC Steaua București players
FC Steaua II București players
CSM Jiul Petroșani players
FC Gloria Buzău players
CS Gaz Metan Mediaș players
Expatriate footballers in Cyprus
ASIL Lysi players
Association football forwards
The 2021–22 South Dakota Coyotes men's basketball team represented the University of South Dakota in the 2021–22 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Coyotes, led by fourth-year head coach Todd Lee, played their home games at the Sanford Coyote Sports Center in Vermillion, South Dakota as members of the Summit League. They finished the season 19–12, 11–7 in Summit League play to finish in fifth place. They defeated Kansas City in the quarterfinals of the Summit League Tournament before losing to South Dakota State in the semifinals.
On March 10, 2022, the school fired head coach Todd Lee after four years. On March 15, the school named Utah State assistant Eric Peterson the team's new head coach.
Previous season
In a season limited due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, the Coyotes finished the 2020–21 season 14–11, 11–4 in Summit League play to finish in second place. As the No. 2 seed in the Summit League Tournament, they defeated Western Illinois in the quarterfinals, before falling to North Dakota State in the semifinals.
Roster
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=12 style=| Exhibition
|-
!colspan=12 style=| Non-conference regular season
|-
!colspan=12 style=| Summit League regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=|Summit League Tournament
Sources
References
South Dakota Coyotes men's basketball seasons
South Dakota
Coyo
Coyo
The Federation Pavilion was a temporary structure erected in Centennial Park, Sydney, for use in the celebrations marking the Federation of Australia on 1 January 1901. It was used to swear in the members of the first Federal Executive Council, including Australia's first governor-general and prime minister. The pavilion was originally covered in ornate plasterwork, but the exterior was not preserved and soon fell into disrepair. In 1903, the wooden framework was purchased by the Municipality of Concord and moved to Cabarita Park in the suburb of the Cabarita. The property is now owned by the City of Canada Bay, and was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 22 December 2000. The pavilion has appeared in the clear panel of the Australian five-dollar note since 2016, when the new Next Generation Banknote series went into circulation.
History
Cabarita Park
At the time of European settlement the Canada Bay area was part of the traditional lands of the Wangal clan of Aboriginal people. The Wangal were a clan of the larger Darug language group or Aboriginal nation. Their lives were strongly focussed on the harbour and its foreshores, especially in food gathering. Aboriginal people also hunted animals, harvested plants and gathered raw materials in the bushland fringing the harbour. The Hen & Chicken Bay area, along with Homebush Bay, was traditionally a major meeting place for Aboriginal people from Port Jackson and the wider Sydney region. Before the arrival of white settlers, Cabarita Park was a typical rocky outcrop along the shores of the Parramatta River.
Cabarita may have been derived from an Aboriginal word meaning 'by the water' or may have been derived from a place in Spain where Surveyor-General Mitchell worked under Wellington.
Cabarita Point was first sighted by the first European settlers in February 1788 - by Captain John Hunter on his journey up the Parramatta River. The park was reserved as a recreation area in 1856, and first accessible by steamer in the 1850s. Early in its history the park was popular for picnics and watching boat races on the harbour.
Part of the suburb was originally granted in 1795 to David Anderson, a private soldier in the New South Wales Corps. The grant was described as being at "Caberita Point, at the upper part of the harbour".
Cabarita Park, a picnic area on Cabarita Point was known as Correy's Gardens in the 1880s. This part of the river was the venue for early regattas, including the GPS schools "Head of the River" before these races were moved to the Nepean River. The park was dedicated for public use in 1880. Cabarita was linked to Burwood station by tram, and the park was popular with families for picnics.
There was a segregated swimming pool, with one half for men and boys, the other for women and girls. Husbands and wives, as well as lovers, would lean on the dividing fence for a chat as the water swirled around their legs. France Bay, Exile Bay and Canada Bay, adjacent to the park, commemorate a group of 58 French-Canadian exiles. After an 1838 rebellion in Canada these prisoners were sent to NSW and held in the Longbottom Stockade in Concord, at which time the 3 bays received these names.
Most of the trees now in Cabarita Park were planted in the 1930s and 1940s as during the 1920s a significant number of original trees died and were used by residents for firewood.
Cabarita Park was proclaimed a public park on 24 April 1936 under the Public Parks Act 1912.
Federation Pavilion
The pavilion's timber structure was used as the site for the swearing in of the first Governor-General of Australia, John Hope, 7th Earl of Hopetoun, the first Prime Minister of Australia, Edmund Barton, and the first Cabinet at the official inauguration of the federation of the colonies in Centennial Park, Sydney, on 1 January 1901. The structure was the specially erected focal point of the official ceremony to inaugurate the Commonwealth of Australia on 1 January 1901. The ceremony was accompanied by much pomp and attended by a vast crowd of 60,000 onlookers. The swearing in oaths were administered by the Lieutenant Governor and Chief Justice of New South Wales, Sir Frederick Matthew Darley.
Originally the pavilion stood 14m high and was covered with ornate details rendered in fibrous plaster. The building was the responsibility of the Decorations and Illuminations Committee for the celebrations, with the New South Wales Government Architect taking a prominent role. It is not known however who designed the structure. The work appears to have been financed out of the Citizens' Commonwealth Celebrations Fund.
Frederick Winchester Grant was (in Tracey's view) the principal plasterwork modeller in his firm Grant and Cocks. He undertook the work for the Federation Pavilion, an ornate, fibrous plaster and wood structure designed by architect Walter Liberty Vernon for the ceremony to mark the inauguration of the Commonwealth by New South Wales Government.
The pavilion was raised on a platform consisting of a huge slab of polished Moruya granite with six sides to represent the original six states of the federation. Known as the Commonwealth Stone, the slab was later, in 1904, embedded into the ground as a permanent memorial to mark the exact spot where the Commonwealth came into being.
Following the inauguration ceremony, a number of people suggested that the original fibrous plaster ornamentations should be remade in marble. No action was taken in relation to these suggestions, and in 1902 the pavilion was reported in the Botanic Gardens and Domain Report for that year to be in a very dilapidated condition. The report recommended the pavilion's removal. It was soon put up for sale and bought by the Municipality of Concord for the sum of . At the time of purchase the plaster ornamentations had all but disintegrated, leaving the wooden skeleton or frame on which they had been erected.
The pavilion was moved (the shell of the rotunda) by Concord Council to Cabarita Park (then known as Mortlake Park) in 1903 though it was now stripped of all its original ornamentation. As part of the Jubilee of Federation celebrations, the Lieutenant Governor and the Chief Justice of NSW, Kenneth Street, unveiled a memorial tablet and plaque in the pavilion at its new location in Cabarita Park on 9 May 1951. The ceremony was organised by Concord Council and attended by some 10,000 people. Representatives of 14 harbourside councils also attended, while the Mayor of Concord, Ald. H. F. Stanton, read messages from 18 other city and suburban councils. The messages had been delivered by runners from the Western Suburbs Amateur Athletic Association who had taken part in an 11-mile relay around Concord Municipality before the ceremony. Messages of goodwill were also received from the then Lord Hopetoun and his son, the Marquis. Accompanying the ceremony were exhibitions of basketball, gymnastic displays and aquatic events, including water-skiing and speedboat racing. The Navy League, local Boy Scouts and Sea Scouts formed guards of honour for the distinguished guests after unveiling the plaque.
A proposal to restore the pavilion to its original appearance, but using marble for the ornamental features, arose in 1972. However this was refused by the NSW Government Architect because of the difficulties involved, the lack of any known plans and drawings for the structure, the fact that it would not be satisfactory to reproduce in durable material ornamentation that was originally designed to be temporary. In 1983, the NSW Premier's Department initiated moves to return the pavilion to its original location in Centennial Park in preparation for the Centenary of Federation celebrations in 2001. This proposal was rejected unanimously by Concord Council, its members indignantly pointing out that the structure would not have survived at all but for its purchase, re-erection and maintenance by the Council.
From at least the 1980s the pavilion in Cabarita Park has been used as the venue for wedding parties and band recitals.
In 1988, a new and permanent Federation Pavilion, designed by architect Alexander Tzannes in post modern style and evoking the form of a classical rotunda was erected over the granite slab in Centennial Park, the Bicentennial year of European settlement.
Other structures in Cabarita Park over the years have included a boatshed, netted harbour swimming baths, Cabarita Swimming Centre, a kiosk/caretaker's cottage, picnic shelters, marina, boat ramp, children's playground and Rivercat ferry wharf.
Description
The pavilion is much altered from its original 1901 appearance, with most of its ornate features gone. These include the arches and grouped Ionic columns, the entablature, the Commonwealth Coat of Arms, lion head keystones and the roof with its shingle motif and finial. Though it retains the general form of the original, the pavilion is now a much plainer structure. It is not elevated as it was in 1901, but rests on a slab of concrete level with the surrounding ground. The pillars supporting the dome are plain timber posts which formed the core of the original Ionic columns. The arches resting on the pillars have been replaced with a series of vertical timber battens. It is not clear how much of the original fabric remains.
The pavilion was reported to be well maintained and in good condition as at 14 February 2007.
Heritage listing
The pavilion structure is significant as the timber frame of the pavilion that was used as the site for the swearing in of the first Governor General of Australia, Lord Hopetoun, the first prime Minister, Edmund Barton, and the first Cabinet at the official inauguration of federation in Centennial Park, Sydney, on 1 January 1901.
The structure is highly valued by the community for its symbolic and cultural associations as the focal point of the official ceremony to inaugurate the Commonwealth of Australia on 1 January 1901.
The structure is significant for its association with important figures in Australia's history, particularly those involved in the federation of the Australian colonies and the formation of the Commonwealth of Australia. Pre-eminent among these figures are Edmund Barton, the first Prime Minister, and Lord Hopetoun, the first Governor General.
The pavilion was moved (the shell of the rotunda) to Cabarita Park in 1903.
Federation Pavilion, Cabarita Park was listed on the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 22 December 2000.
See also
References
Bibliography
Attribution
External links
New South Wales State Heritage Register
Community buildings in New South Wales
Articles incorporating text from the New South Wales State Heritage Register
Canadian Affair is the UK's largest tour operator to Canada, providing services including scheduled passenger airlines, package holidays, cruise lines, hotels, motorhome hire and car hire. Since it was founded in 1995, Canadian Affair has flown over one million passengers to Canada.
The company specialises in package and tailor-made travel to both Canada and Alaska, including rail tours, cruises, fly drives, escorted tours, wildlife holidays, ski holidays and activity holidays. In 2017, Canadian Affair won the British Travel Awards Gold Award for Best Holiday Company to Canada (Large) as well as the Silver Award for Best Rail Holiday Company (Large).
The company is based in the UK, and employs approximately seventy people in two offices located in London (Head Office) and Glasgow.
Ownership
On 14 July 2006, Canadian Affair was acquired by Transat A.T. for £20.4 million (approximately C$42.8 million). The deal enabled Transat's airline Air Transat to fly Canadian Affair passengers, thereby securing seat sales for its flights to Canada. The agreement was made between Transat A.T. and the Airline Seat Company, which trades as Canadian Affair.
Transat A.T.
Transat A.T. is an international tour operator and holiday travel specialist based in Montreal. The company offers vacation packages, hotel stays and air travel to some 60 destinations in 26 countries in the Americas, Europe and the Middle East. Transat operates mainly in Canada, Europe, the Caribbean, Mexico and the Mediterranean Basin. Transat is also active in air transportation, destination services and distribution.
Key people
Canadian Affair approximately 70 staff in London and Glasgow. Some of its key people include:
Chris Hedley - Managing Director
Lee Rogers - Product & Commercial Director
Tom Cook - Finance Director
Operations
Canadian Affair offers flights from London, Manchester, and Glasgow (United Kingdom), as well as Dublin, to Toronto, Montreal, Calgary and Vancouver through its flights with Air Transat.
The company also offers hotel accommodation, Avis car hire, Rocky Mountaineer train tours, self-drive holidays, Holland America Line and Celebrity cruises, motorhome hire with Fraserway, CanaDream and Cruise Canada, and escorted coach tours across Canada and Alaska.
Awards
Canadian Affair has been recognised with several awards over the past decade, including the Consumer Favourite Tour Operator Award, which it has won for the past five years at the British Annual Canada Travel Awards.
Other awards include:
2018 - British Travel Awards - Best Holiday Company to Canada
2018 - British Travel Awards - Best Rail Holidays Company
2017 - British Travel Awards - Best Holiday Company to Canada
2017 - British Travel Awards - Best Rail Holidays Company
2016 - British Travel Awards - Best Holiday Company to Canada
2016 - British Travel Awards - Best Rail Holidays Company
2015 - British Annual Canada Travel Awards - Best Canadian Ski Tour Operator
2015 - British Travel Awards - Best Holiday Company to Canada
2015 - British Travel Awards - Silver Award for Best Rail Holidays Company
2015 - Travolution Awards - Best Website User Experience
2014 - British Travel Awards - Silver Award for Best Holiday Company to Canada
2013 - BACTA Explorer Award
2012 - CIMTIG Best Travel TV Advert - Canadian Affair is top of the Most Popular TV Advert of the Year poll launched by Chartered Institute of Marketing (CIMTIG)
2011 - Best Tour Operator to Canada
2010 - Best Tour Operator to Canada
2009 - Consumer Favourite Tour Operator
2009 - Consumer Favourite Ski Operator
2008 - Consumer Favourite Tour Operator
2008 - Consumer Favourite Ski Operator
2007 - Consumer Favourite Tour Operator
2007 - Outstanding Contribution to the Promotion of Canada
2006 - Tourism Contribution to the province of Alberta
2005 - Best Direct Sale Tour Operator
2004 - Best Direct Sale Tour Operator
2003 - Best Canada Website
2002 - Best Canada Website
Sponsorship
Since 2006, Canadian Affair has sponsored Canada Day in London. Each year Canada Day is celebrated at Trafalgar Square, where live Canadian acts, food stalls, and day-long celebrations take place.
Since 2017, parent company Transat has sponsored the Toronto Wolfpack Rugby League team, which Canadian Affair supports by providing flight, hotel and match ticket packages for Toronto Wolfpack and UK opposition supporters.
Transat also has a partnership with SOS Children's Villages which Canadian Affair supports each year through their Big Hearts fundraising initiative.
References
External links
Air Transat
Travel and holiday companies of the United Kingdom
Jesse Michael Alto (January 1, 1927 – May 3, 1998), was an American poker player, best known for his numerous main event final table appearances at the World Series of Poker.
Alto was a fixture at the World Series of Poker in the 1970s and 1980s. Although he never won any WSOP bracelets, he cashed in many events, most notably in the main event.
Alto was one of the final five players at the 1974 final table finishing either fourth or fifth according to New York Times magazine story from July 28, 1974.
Alto's highest Main Event finish was in 1976 where he finished as the runner-up to Doyle Brunson. In the final hand of the 1976 WSOP Alto held while Brunson held . The flop came giving two pairs for Alto and one pair for Brunson. Alto then led out with a pot size bet, Brunson with the chip lead countered by moving all-in, which was called.
The turn came , giving Brunson two pairs but still trailing, the river brought giving Brunson a full house and the win. This was Alto's highest finish in the WSOP main event, but his highest main event money finish was 3rd place in 1984, because the main event had a winner-take-all format until 1978.
Alto made the WSOP Main Event final table 7 times: 1974, 1975, 1976, 1978, 1984, 1985 and 1986.
Alto's total live tournament winnings exceeded $430,000
References
1927 births
1998 deaths
People from Corpus Christi, Texas
American poker players
Haitham El Hossainy Awad (born 15 August 1977) is an Egyptian judoka.
Achievements
References
1977 births
Living people
Egyptian male judoka
Judoka at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Judoka at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Olympic judoka of Egypt
African Games silver medalists for Egypt
African Games medalists in judo
African Games bronze medalists for Egypt
Mediterranean Games bronze medalists for Egypt
Mediterranean Games medalists in judo
Competitors at the 1999 All-Africa Games
Competitors at the 2007 All-Africa Games
Competitors at the 2001 Mediterranean Games
Peter Merriman is a chef, restaurateur and one of the original 12 founding chefs of Hawaii regional cuisine. In 2011, he and the other Hawaii Regional Cuisine chefs were inducted to the Hawaii Restaurant Association Hall of Fame.
A culinary pioneer in Hawaii for over 25 years, Merriman is a vocal champion of Hawaii's farmers, ranchers and fishermen. His restaurants showcase island grown and harvested foods through simple preparations that reflect the myriad flavors of Hawaii's multiculturalism. He was called the “Pied Piper of Hawaii Regional Cuisine” by The Los Angeles Times
Biography
Merriman was born in Pittsburgh. His mother Woodene (Woody) Merriman, a Pittsburgh Post Gazette food writer, exposed Peter to the field at a young age. She got him a job at the H. J. Heinz Co, doing prep work for Master Chef Ferdinand Metz, who later became president of the Culinary Institute of America. Merriman attended The University of Pennsylvania and studied Political Science. After graduation, he enrolled in a three-year Chefs Apprentice Program with RockResorts, under the auspices of the American Culinary Federation, cooking in resorts across the United States and Europe, including a summer in the vineyards of France's Champagne region.
In early 1983, Peter was hired as a cook for the Mauna Lani Bay Hotel. In 1985, two years after his arrival, he was appointed Executive Chef of the Mauna Lani Resort's new Gallery Restaurant.
At his interview for chef of The Gallery Restaurant, Merriman was asked what type of food he wanted to feature. Thinking it was a rhetorical question, he answered “regional cuisine” and went on to explain how no other restaurants were serving the local fish and produce. When he got the job, he had to deliver on the concept but quickly discovered there were almost no local products available. Merriman launched a "gorilla marketing" campaign, by advertising in local newspapers and visiting local farms, ranches and docks to let purveyors know he wanted whatever they could offer. “We're in this together,” he told them, “If you grow it or catch it, I'll buy it, and we all succeed.” Pretty soon he had built solid partnerships and local producers would try to get or grow whatever he needed.
As he began recruiting other chefs to focus on local foods “Hawaii Regional Cuisine” was created, with Merriman named as the founding president.
Restaurants
In 1988, Merriman opened his signature upcountry restaurant, Merriman's, in Waimea on the Big Island of Hawaii. He was proclaimed, "A gourmet in cowboy country" by Hana Hou!, the Magazine of Hawaiian Airlines. The New York Times raved “Everything at Merriman's…features the freshest local ingredients paired in exciting ways,” and San Francisco Magazine exclaimed “His Wok-charred Ahi is to die for!”.
In 1994, Merriman partnered with TS Restaurants to open Hula Grill on Maui's famed Ka`anapali Beach. Hula Grill, touted “the best fish house in the islands” by Honolulu Magazine, brought the concepts of Hawaii regional cuisine to a beachside setting.
In 2008 Peter opened Merriman's Kapalua in Kapalua Maui. Merriman's Kapalua was voted one of Trip Advisor's Top 10 Fine Dining Restaurants in the country in 2017.
In 2009, Peter opened Merriman's Fish House in Poipu, Kauai. Downstairs from the Fish House, Peter offers casual dining at Merriman's Gourmet Pizza & Burgers.
In winter 2011, Merriman launched a new venture in casual dining with restaurateur Bill Terry, Handcrafted Restaurants. Handcrafted Restaurants operates Monkeypod Kitchen by Merriman in Wailea, Maui; Ko'olina, Oahu; and Ka'anapali, Maui. Monkeypod Kitchen by Merriman is a place where beer lovers, families, and foodies come together. The restaurant features locally sourced menus with a focus on sustainable meat, fish and produce.
Handcrafted Restaurants also operates Moku Kitchen in the Kaka'ako district in Honolulu, Oahu.
In 2015, Merriman debuted his first cookbook, Merriman's Hawaii.
Philanthropy
Merriman also supports Merriman's Culinary Scholarships for students entering or continuing in the field of Culinary Arts at either Hawaii Community College or the University of Hawaii Center at West Hawaii.
Merriman also serves on the Board of Directors as Vice President for Hawaii Island Land Trust, a non profit organization dedicated to protecting land in Hawaii.
References
Living people
Chefs from Hawaii
Businesspeople from Pittsburgh
University of Pennsylvania alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Hard spheres are widely used as model particles in the statistical mechanical theory of fluids and solids. They are defined simply as impenetrable spheres that cannot overlap in space. They mimic the extremely strong ("infinitely elastic bouncing") repulsion that atoms and spherical molecules experience at very close distances. Hard spheres systems are studied by analytical means, by molecular dynamics simulations, and by the experimental study of certain colloidal model systems. The hard-sphere system provides a generic model that explains the quasiuniversal structure and dynamics of simple liquids.
Formal definition
Hard spheres of diameter are particles with the following pairwise interaction potential:
where and are the positions of the two particles.
Hard-spheres gas
The first three virial coefficients for hard spheres can be determined analytically
{|
|||=||
|-
|||=||
|-
|||=||
|}
Higher-order ones can be determined numerically using Monte Carlo integration. We list
{|
|||=||
|-
|||=||
|-
|||=||
|}
A table of virial coefficients for up to eight dimensions can be found on the page Hard sphere: virial coefficients.
The hard sphere system exhibits a fluid-solid phase transition between the volume fractions of freezing and melting . The pressure diverges at random close packing for the metastable liquid branch and at close packing for the stable solid branch.
Hard-spheres liquid
The static structure factor of the hard-spheres liquid can be calculated using the Percus–Yevick approximation.
See also
Classical fluid
Literature
J. P. Hansen and I. R. McDonald Theory of Simple Liquids Academic Press, London (1986)
Hard sphere model page on SklogWiki.
References
Statistical mechanics
Conceptual models
Football Club Grenoble Basket was a French basketball club that was based in Grenoble, France. The club is now disbanded.
History
The club was a section of the multi-sports club FC Grenoble. It was two-time champion of France, in 1942–43 and 1943–44. The club played in the top-tier level championship of French basketball, the Pro A, starting in 1920, and it was also known mostly for the great performances in the period between 1940–44, counting among its members several renowned players, including Robert Busnel. After the liberation by the Allied troops (1944), the club was disbanded, but the team moved with much of its workforce and was "recreated" in Lyon.
The new club, with the new name of Éveil Lyon, became the champions of France in 1946. Two years later, that club would merge with AS Villeurbanne to form a new multi-sports club whose basketball section, now known as ASVEL Basket, would go on to win a record 18 French championships.
Honours
French League
Winners (2): 1942–43, 1943–44
Notable players
Robert Busnel
Wladimir Fabrikant
References
Basketball teams in France
Basketball teams established in 1911
Sport in Grenoble
Sport in Lyon
Threipmuir Reservoir is a reservoir in the City of Edinburgh Council area, Scotland, UK. It is situated to the south of Edinburgh at the base of the Pentland Hills, two miles south of Balerno.
Threipmuir reservoir is located behind an earth dam, constructed to a design by Scottish civil engineer James Jardine. The reservoir was formed between 1843 and 1848 as a compensation reservoir for the Water of Leith by the Edinburgh Water Company.
The reservoir spillway discharges at the eastern end, from where the discharge flows into Harlaw Reservoir.
Bavelaw Castle lies on its south side.
See also
List of reservoirs and dams in the United Kingdom
Harlaw Reservoir
Harperrig Reservoir
External links
Scottish Government: Water of Leith Flood Prevention Scheme
Reservoirs in Edinburgh
LThreipmuir
Cliona delitrix is a species of burrowing demosponge belonging to the family Clionaidae. It is found in shallow water in the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico.
Description
Cliona delitrix is a burrowing sponge that is also encrusting. It usually grows on a massive coral, not only covering its surface but also burrowing into its interior, but is sometimes found on some other calcareous substrate such as a shell or a limestone rock. It does not normally grow on branching corals. It can grow to a diameter of up to a metre (yard) and has several large openings called osculi, wide, surrounded by projecting rims and many small raised papillae wide. The colour is usually red or dark orange.
Distribution and habitat
Cliona delitrix is found in the Caribbean Sea and Gulf of Mexico at depths down to . Its range extends from Cuba and Mexico south to Venezuela and Brazil. It is abundant in some areas especially where there is organic pollution.
Biology
The main corals on which Cliona delitrix grows are Siderastrea siderea, Diploria labyrinthiformis and Montastraea cavernosa. The sponge is a filter feeder, removing bacteria and other organic particles from the current of water sucked in through its many pores by the movement of flagella. There are channels and chambers inside the sponge and the water finds its way through them and exits through the osculi. The zoanthid coral Parazoanthus parasiticus is often found growing on the surface of this sponge.
Cliona delitrix is a hermaphrodite. The male gametes are produced first and get swept out by the water current. If they are sucked into another sponge, fertilisation can take place. The larvae may be brooded for a while inside the sponge but then leave through the osculi and become planktonic. They drift with the current before settling on the seabed. Each one then starts to grow over the surface of whatever it has landed on. It needs calcium to flourish and if it settles on something calcareous like a massive coral, it will secrete acid to dissolve it as well as continuing to grow over the surface. The interior of the coral may be riddled with holes filled with orange spongy material. The sponge kills the part of the coral close to its growing edge. It is an aggressive species and large corals may have the greater part of their surface covered while small individuals may be completely engulfed.
When a massive coral is already dead, the sponge excavates the interior while it colonises the surface, but if encrusting algae are already established on the surface, the sponge's growth is slowed down. In a study off the coast of Colombia, the most favoured host for the sponge was the starlet coral (Siderastrea siderea) and between 6% and 9% of individuals of this species were affected. It is such an aggressive sponge that it is considered likely that, in areas where it is present, branching and foliose corals may come to out-number massive corals in the long term. When a colonised coral dies and crumbles, parts of the sponge in the excavated tunnels may break up and detached pieces may become established in a new location, a form of asexual reproduction.
References
Hadromerida
Animals described in 1973
Country Music Holiday is a 1958 American musical film directed by Alvin Ganzer and written by Harry Spalding. The film stars Ferlin Husky, Zsa Zsa Gabor, Rocky Graziano, Faron Young, Al Fisher, Lou Marks and June Carter Cash. The film was released in March 1958, by Paramount Pictures.
Plot
Cast
Ferlin Husky as Verne Brand
Zsa Zsa Gabor as herself
Rocky Graziano as himself
Faron Young as Clyde Woods
Al Fisher as himself
Lou Marks as himself
June Carter Cash as Marietta
Jesse White as Sonny Moon
Cliff Norton as Morty Chapman
Rod Brasfield as Pappy Brand
Hope Wainwright as 'Ma' Brand
Patty Duke as 'Sis' Brand
Art Ford as himself
Lew Parker as himself
The Jordanaires as themselves
Lonzo and Oscar as Comedy Team
Drifting Johnny Miller as himself
Ladell Sisters as themselves
Bernie Knee as Bernie
References
External links
1958 films
Paramount Pictures films
American musical films
1958 musical films
1950s English-language films
Films directed by Alvin Ganzer
1950s American films
Severfield plc is a North Yorkshire based structural steel contractor. By turnover it is the largest in the UK, and amongst the biggest in Europe, with a capacity of 165,000 tons per year. Landmark works include London's 2012 Olympic Stadium, The Shard, Wimbledon Centre Court roof, Emirates Stadium and Paris Philharmonic Hall.
The firm has acquired businesses across structural steel market sectors within the UK and participates with JSW Group in two Mumbai based joint ventures, JSW Severfield Structures Ltd and indirectly, JSW Structural Metal Decking Ltd.
History
The business was founded in 1978 as a partnership named Severfield-Reeve; moved to Dalton in 1980, and incorporated as Severfield Reeve Structural Engineers Ltd in 1983. As a public company it was known from 1988 to 1999 as Severfield-Reeve plc; from 1999 to 2014 as Severfield-Rowen plc, and then adopted its current title.
Listings
In July 1988, Severfield-Reeve plc was quoted on the Unlisted Securities Market, then moved up to the London Stock Exchange on 8 June 1995.
, Severfield plc is a component of the FTSE SmallCap Index.
Acquisitions and new businesses
Meat processing equipment
In 1995, Severfield's meat processing safety equipment subsidiary Manabo (UK) Ltd began trading. It manufactured at sites around Thirsk and, from 1997, operated a chain mail glove factory in Bataszek, Hungary.
Such was the anticipated transformation of the structural steel business that by 1997, The Times described Severfield as a specialist engineer and supplier of equipment for the meat and poultry processing industry. However, in the same year company founder John Severs blamed Manabo's six monthly £902,000 losses on the meat industry being reluctant to change its ways in health and hygiene.The glove business and company were sold in 2000 after a further £2 million loss in 1998, and asset write-down of £2.8 million in 1999.
Severfield Reeve Projects Ltd
In 1991, subsidiary Severfield Reeve Projects Ltd was incorporated, initially to carry out construction at Severfield's plants. It began to undertake main contracting for others in 1997.
Severfield Reeve Projects diversified into house building in 2002, purchasing on its own account a site in Bagby for two traditional, five bedroom dwellings with gardens.
In 2008, it launched a property investment division with the purchase of distribution warehouses for £7.1 million. The value of the initial investments was written down by £2.1 million in 2009. New projects and investments by Severfield Reeve Projects Ltd stopped in 2009, and it closed in 2011.
Kennedy Watts Partnership Ltd
In 1999, Severfield purchased 25.1% of Sheffield based design bureau Kennedy Watts Partnership Ltd for £464,000 in shares and cash. The shareholding was restructured in 2008 so that it was held through an intermediary, Last Exit Ltd. Kennedy Watts Partnership Ltd was placed into administration in 2013; into liquidation in 2014, and dissolved in 2016 with a deficit to creditors of £292,000.
Patented work platform
In 2006, Severfield patented a craned or self climbing work platform that attaches to steelwork at height, and mounts its own powered cherry picker. The apparatus was invented to assist erection of steel structures where conditions are not suitable for safe operation of conventional access equipment. In 2009, the work platform project was abandoned and £2.4 million development costs written off.
Tonnage
Severfield structural, fabricated steel output, relative to capacity and UK market:
, the JSW Severfield Structures Ltd joint venture in India has a capacity of 100,000 tons of fabricated steel per annum.
Locations
Severfield plc is headquartered on the former RAF Dalton near Thirsk and is a significant employer there. It also has sites in Sherburn, Lostock, Bolton, Bridlington, Ballinamallard, and European offices at Zevenbergen.
Joint ventures JSW Severfield Structures Ltd and JSW Structural Metal Decking Ltd are located in Mumbai.
The Construction Metal Forming Ltd cold formed construction steel joint venture manufactures steel decking, and light gauge framing, in Mamhilad and Magor.
Safety
Accident statistics
Severfield plc's RIDDOR ratios have improved, and are lower than its industry average. Senior executives are remunerated according to the accident frequency rate of the business units they oversee.
Site fall denied
In January 2021, a steel erector employed by Severfield fell down a staircase at Google's Kings Cross site and was unfit to work for six days. Severfield suspected fraud and summarily dismissed him, but an Employment Tribunal determined the incident occurred; that the employee was unfairly dismissed, and awarded £2,721 in compensation. There was no order for payment in lieu of notice because, post dismissal, the erector took immediate, better remunerated employment elsewhere.
Hazardous welding fumes
In March 2020, Severfield was served a Health and Safety Executive Improvement Notice, because of hazardous welding fumes at its Lostock works. The fault was corrected by April 2020.
Lifting chain failure
In 2019, a link weld in the chain set being used to lift a 2.5 ton beam failed, although rated to over twice that capacity. The lifting equipment had recently been independently inspected. Similar sets from the Turkey based manufacturer were withdrawn from use and allegedly exhibited faulty welds. The beam was partially bolted in place so did not fall.
Damage to Leadenhall Tower
During the 2017 redevelopment of 22 Bishopsgate, a suspended girder struck Leadenhall Tower. Severfield was the steel frame subcontractor to Multiplex's Bishopsgate site. Nobody was hurt.
Hand tool vibration
In November 2017, Severfield was served a Health and Safety Executive Improvement Notice, because of tools causing excessive hand arm vibrations, at its Dalton site. New working practices were applied by March 2018.
Forklift driver fatality
In 2016, the Health and Safety Executive fined the firm £135,000, plus £46,020 costs following a 2013 incident when a 27 year old forklift driver was fatally crushed at its Dalton site.
Site unloading
In 2015, Severfield and its haulage contractors adopted customised trailers for delivering fabricated steel to construction sites. They are fitted with exclusion barriers to prevent unauthorised access whilst unloading by forklift, and fall arrest equipment to protect riggers on the trailer when unloading by crane.
Leadenhall Tower bolts
In November 2014, two embrittled bolts, purchased from a supplier, broke and fell from Leadenhall Tower. Another descended in January 2015. Severfield announced an anticipated £6 million charge for bolt remediation works in 2015, and final settlement in 2019.
Faulty crane plate clamp
In 2012, Severfield settled the claim from a welder who had been moving steelwork with a crane and faulty plate clamp. A ten foot long, and two foot wide, beam fell and crushed his foot.
White finger
In 2011, a plater at Severfield's Dalton facility suffered permanent damage to his hands caused by vibrating tools provided by the firm. He developed hand arm vibration syndrome commonly known as white finger.
Clyde Arc Bridge
Severfield subsidiary Watson Steel Structures Ltd fabricated the Clyde Arc Bridge in 2007. It had to be closed in 2008 because a clevis connector failed and a 35 metre long tension bar fell onto the carriageway. Another clevis was found to be cracked and it was decided to replace all 14 tension bars in the structure. Watson Steel Structures Ltd claimed £1.8 million from Macalloy, the clevis supplier, alleging its product was faulty. Macalloy denied the claim and countered Watson Steel Structures Ltd had only specified minimum yield stress for the components.
Epoxy resin paint
In 2005 Severfield dismissed a painter, at its newly acquired Sherburn site, who suffered allergic industrial contact dermatitis following exposure to epoxy resin paint. He claimed compensation. Severfield initially denied, but then accepted responsibility just before the 2007 High Court hearing. Mr Recorder Salter went on to award the painter £113,168.15 damages including £50,000 for loss of future earnings. The firm appealed but in 2008, Lord Justice Keene rejected its arguments and increased the award for future earnings loss to £90,000.
Waltham Abbey fall
In 2002, a 29 year old steel fixer working for Severfield's Steelcraft Erection Services Ltd fell from a new Sainsbury's distribution centre, and suffered spinal injuries; broken ribs, and a punctured lung.
Project gallery
Controversies
Blyth battery plant
The Guardian reported in September 2022 that Severfield had been impacted by cancelled and delayed works at Britishvolt's challenged Blyth gigafactory. It declined comment to the newspaper.
Manchester Ship Canal
In 2022, Severfield issued a legal claim against Davymarkham Ltd relating to 2015 bridgeworks over the Manchester Ship Canal. Davymarkham Ltd had been dissolved in 2021, but was restored by court order to face proceedings alongside its insurers and Fairfield Engineering Solutions Ltd.
Late supplier payments
In July 2019, subsidiary Severfield Design and Build Ltd was suspended from the UK Government's Prompt Payment Code for failing to pay suppliers on time. The firm submitted an action plan to the Chartered Institute of Credit Management and was reinstated by November 2019.
Carrington Power Station
In 2013, Severfield contracted with the Duro Felguera group to provide steelwork for the new Carrington Power Station. Duro Felguera's UK subsidiary refused to pay a December 2014 stage payment. Severfield obtained adjudication under the Housing Grants, Construction and Regeneration Act 1996 for £2,470,231.97, and then sought summary judgement from the High Court of Justice to enforce payment for a reduced amount of £1,445,495.78. Judge Smith refused because part of the sum related to a power plant and was therefore excluded from the 1996 Act, and the adjudicator's jurisdiction. Duro Felguera argued it was in fact owed money by Severfield because of overpayments.
Severfield finally obtained a judgement in 2017 for £2,774,077.91 (or £1,760,480.27 up to 2014) but by then Duro Felguera UK Ltd had entered liquidation and recovery was limited to what Duro Felguera in Spain could be obliged to pay under a parent company guarantee for the period up to 2014.
Losses on Leadenhall Tower
During 2013, the group acknowledged substantial contractual losses in relation to Leadenhall Tower in the City of London. This prompted a major restructuring of the business; departure of the Chief Executive, and a £45m rights issue.
Severfield's 2012 accounts included a £9.9 million charge for losses at Leadenhall Tower, plus a further £10.2 million on other delinquent contracts.
Wimbledon roof leak
In 2011, the Daily Mirror alleged the retractable roof over Wimbledon Centre Court leaked during a quarter final tennis match. Severfield completed the 3,000 ton moving roof in 2009. The England Club stated the leaks were in the permanent roof, not the mobile section, and were part of the normal drainage process.
Discrimination by association
In 2011, Severfield decided to reduce the number of welders at its Sherburn site by selectively not renewing the contract of an employee who was caring for his disabled wife. He claimed discrimination by association. Severfield could not satisfy the employment tribunal there was any other reason for the dismissal and the welder was awarded £10,500 compensation with a recommendation he should be re-employed.
Remuneration of founder
Shareholders rebelled against a 2007 payment of £1.6 million to retiring Managing Director, John Severs. They refused to pass a resolution at AGM to authorise the payment which had already been made.
Property transactions
In 2001, directors of the company, including John Severs, purchased the headquarters property for £14 million. In 2007 the company bought it back again for £23.5 million. Both transactions were endorsed by the independent directors.
Fischer and Bartlett roof leaks
In 1989, a subsidiary of Georg Fischer AG built a distribution warehouse near Coventry. The shallow pitch roof leaked, exacerbated by deflection of supporting steelwork. It sued the builders and designer. Severfield-Reeve plc was the steelwork subcontractor and met specifications supplied to it by the designer. In 1994, Severfield-Reeve plc agreed to pay £175,000 to the building owner in return for an indemnity against all parties in the matter.
In 2009, Severfield became third party in a claim relating to the leaking roof at a potato processing plant in Airdrie constructed by its then subsidiary Atlas Ward Structures. Severfield agreed joint liability with the building's main contractors. Lord Menzies in the Outer House of the Court of Session was asked to choose between remediation options for the Airdrie premises, the alternatives differing in cost and quantum of damages. He drew attention to the similar decision that had faced Judge Hicks in the Fischer warehouse case.
See also
References
External links
1978 establishments in the United Kingdom
Companies based in Hambleton District
Construction and civil engineering companies established in 1978
Companies listed on the London Stock Exchange
Construction and civil engineering companies of the United Kingdom
Hambleton District
Steel companies of the United Kingdom
Structural steel
1978 establishments in England
Companies established in the 20th century
