V636 Scorpii is a multiple star system in the constellation Scorpius, 3,000 light years away. The primary is a Classical Cepheid (δ Cephei) variable and its visual magnitude varies from 6.4 to 6.9.
V636 Scorpii is a spectroscopic binary, and the fainter companion is thought to itself consist of two stars. The primary is a luminous yellow star and a δ Cephei variable. The less massive companion orbits every 3.6 years and is apparently a B9.5 main sequence star, but the dynamics of the system suggest that it may actually be a pair of stars is a close orbit.
The Cepheid primary pulsates regularly with a period of 6.79671 days. It is a yellow-white supergiant or bright giant that is 5.6 times as massive as the Sun and 2,500 times as luminous.
References
Classical Cepheid variables
Scorpius (constellation)
F-type supergiants
156979
Scorpii, V636
085035
B-type main-sequence stars
F-type bright giants
Durchmusterung objects
Triple star systems
Dreamland is the first album by singer, songwriter, and guitarist Madeleine Peyroux; it was released in 1996.
Track listing
All tracks arranged by Greg Cohen except 4, 8 and 11.
Personnel
Madeleine Peyroux — vocals, guitar (tracks 4, 8, 9, 12)
Charlie Giordano — organ (1), harmonium (2, 7), accordion (5, 9), harpsichord (3, 10), mellotron (10)
Marc Ribot — electric guitar (1, 3, 10), dobro (2, 6), acoustic guitar (5), banjo (9)
Greg Cohen — double bass (1, 7, 9, 10), bass marimba (3)
Kenny Wollesen — drums (1, 3, 9, 10), percussion (1, 7)
James Carter — tenor saxophone (1, 3), bass clarinet (8)
Marcus Printup — trumpet (2, 7)
Regina Carter — violin (5, 9)
Larry Saltzman — electric guitar (10)
Cyrus Chestnut — piano (4, 8, 11)
Vernon Reid — electric guitar (8)
Steve Kirby — bass guitar (4, 8)
Leon Parker — drums (4), cymbal (8)
Recorded at RPM Studios, New York City, engineered by Michael Krowiak, except tracks 4, 8 & 11 recorded at Unique Studios, NYC, engineered by Michael O'Reilly.
Chart performance
Dreamland debuted at No. 36 on Billboard'''s Heatseekers Album chart on February 8, 1997 and fell to No. 46 the following week.Billboard's Heatseekers Album chart. February 15, 1997. p. 21. Dreamland had no hits and little airplay but sold 200,000 copies worldwide, an impressive total for a jazz album and an unknown singer.
In December 2005, The Observer Music Monthly (OMM)'' ranked the album at number 48 on their list of top 100 albums.
The album is also on Amazon.com's music list of top 100 "Bestsellers in Traditional Jazz & Ragtime" and Amazon UK's music list of top 100 "Bestsellers in Vocal Jazz".
References
1996 debut albums
Madeleine Peyroux albums
Atlantic Records albums
Adekunle is a name of Yoruba origin, meaning "the king/crown/royalty filled the house"
Notable people with the name includes:
Given name
Adekunle Adejuyigbe, Nigerian filmmaker and producer
Adekunle Adesoji, Nigerian Paralympic sprinter
Adekunle Adeyeye (born 1968), Nigerian academic and university administrator
Adekunle Adeyoola, Nigerian gospel rap artist, actor, and businessman
Adekunle Akinlade (born 1969), Nigerian politician
Adekunle Fajuyi (1926–1966), Nigerian Army officer and martyred military governor of Western Nigeria
Adekunle Gold (born 1987), Nigerian musician
Adekunle Lawal (1934–1980), Nigerian military officer and former Governor of Lagos State
Adekunle Lukmon (born 1984), Nigerian footballer
Adekunle Ojora (born 1932), Nigerian businessman
Michael Adekunle Ajasin (1908–1997), Nigerian politician
Surname
Benjamin Adekunle, Nigerian Army officer who led the successful assault on Biafra in the Nigerian Civil War
Prince Adekunle, Nigerian musician
References
Yoruba given names
African masculine given names
Yoruba-language surnames
Brigadier Henry Alleyne Lash (8 April 1901 – 13 May 1975) was an officer in the British Indian Army.
Life and career
Henry Lash was born in Calcutta, India, the son of Violet Maud (née Keely) and Reverend Nicholas Alleyne Lash. He was educated at Tonbridge and the Royal Military College, Sandhurst.
He was commissioned as a Second lieutenant onto the Unattached List of the Indian Army on 24 December 1920, joining the Indian establishment on 4 March 1921. On 7 March 1921 he was attached for his probationary year to the 3rd battalion Worcester Regiment. He joined the Indian Army and was posted to the 4th Battalion, 39th Royal Garhwal Rifles on the 7 March 1922. This unit later became the 4th Battalion, 18th Royal Garhwal Rifles after the 1922 reforms. He was promoted to lieutenant on 24 March 1923.
He saw action in Waziristan during 1923-24 and was Mentioned in Despatches. He transferred to the 3rd Battalion, 18th Royal Garhwal Rifles on 6 April 1925. Between 1 June 1926 and 14 October 1928 he served as an Aide-de-camp to the Governor of Madras.
On 30 April 1928, Henry Lash, a Protestant, married Joan Mary Moore, an Irish Catholic, daughter of P. L. Moore, C.I.E., I.C.S. They had four children: novelist and painter Jennifer Lash, Roman Catholic theologian Nicholas Lash, Eastern Orthodox Archimandrite and Greek scholar Christopher (in religion Ephrem], and Devon based artist Susannah Lash. Through his daughter Jennifer, Henry Lash is the grandfather of actor Ralph Fiennes, actor Joseph Fiennes, filmmaker Martha Fiennes, filmmaker Sophie Fiennes, composer Magnus Fiennes, and conservationist Jake Fiennes. Through his son Nicholas, he is grandfather to the musician Dominic Lash.
He was promoted to Captain on 24 December 1928 and was nominated for the Staff College, Quetta, in 1936, graduating in March 1938. He was promoted to Major on 1 August 1938. He held an officiating appointment as a Deputy Assistant Adjutant General in the Adjutant General Branch, Directorate of Organisation from 6 April 1939, being advanced to a temporary Deputy Assistant Adjutant General on 1 September 1939.
He served during the Second World War, and was the commanding officer of the 1st Battalion, 18th Royal Garhwal Rifles by October 1942.
He was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire on 6 June 1946, for his service in Burma as an Acting-Colonel. He was promoted to Lieutenant-Colonel on 24 December 1946, and retired with the honorary rank of Brigadier on 11 March 1948.
After leaving India, Henry Lash lived in Bridge End, Churt, Surrey, England.
References
Indian Army personnel of World War II
British Indian Army officers
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
1901 births
1975 deaths
Military personnel of British India
People educated at Tonbridge School
Graduates of the Royal Military College, Sandhurst
Graduates of the Staff College, Quetta
San Ponziano is a romanesque-style, Former-Benedictine monastery and church located in Spoleto, Province of Perugia, region of Umbria, Italy. The site is dedicated to St. Ponziano, the patron saint of Spoleto.
History
A Benedictine monastery for male monks was present at the site since before the 14th century. The present structure was extensively refurbished in 1788 by Giuseppe Valadier. He retained much of the Romanesque façade, but the interiors have neoclassic decoration. The crypt maintains frescoes from the 14th and 15th centuries; it houses a reliquary with the skull of San Ponziano, which is included in a procession on his feast days. In 1810, the monastery, then housing Benedictine nuns, was suppressed by the Napoleonic government.
Today the basilica and monastery is operated by a community of Canonesses Regular of the Lateran. The canonesses operate the ancient monastery as a religious guesthouse, open to all.
References
Churches in Spoleto
Neoclassical architecture in Umbria
Romanesque architecture in Spoleto
18th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Italy
Neoclassical church buildings in Italy
Flexible is a painting created by American artist Jean-Michel Basquiat in 1984. The artwork, which portrays a griot, sold for $45.3 million at Phillips in May 2018.
History
Jean-Michel Basquiat rose to prominence as a graffiti artist in the late 1970s, operating under the pseudonym SAMO. In the early 1980s, he began to direct his creative output towards painting and drawing. Basquiat often painted on objects he found in the streets such as discarded doors and furniture. By 1984, he had achieved international stardom for his artwork. Flexible was painted on a slatted 8.5 ft tall wood support that had been deconstructed from the fence at his studio in Venice, California. Basquiat later made several wood slat picture supports from material purchased at a SoHo lumberyard in New York. The wood slat fencing material was used in more than 17 paintings made between 1984 and 1986, including Gold Griot (1984), M (1984), Grillo (1984), and Jim Crow (1986).
Flexible depicts a griot—a storyteller, musician, and purveyor of oral history from West African culture—whose arms are joined together as a continuous band above the head. It was offered for sale for the first time, publicly or privately, in 2018. The painting was consigned directly from the Basquiat's estate. In May 2018, it sold for $45.3 million at Phillips' 20th Century & Contemporary Evening Sale, exceeding the pre-sale estimate of $20 million. It is the first Basquiat painting made after 1983 to sell for more than $20 million.
Exhibitions
Flexible has been exhibited at major art institutions worldwide, which include:
Jean-Michel Basquiat at Mary Boone Gallery in New York, March 2–23, 1985.
Jean-Michel Basquiat at Centre Culturel Français in Abidjan, Ivory Coast, October 10–November 7, 1986.
Jean-Michel Basquiat at Whitney Museum of American Art in New York, October 1992–February 1993.
Basquiat at the Brooklyn Museum in New York, March 11–June 2005; Museum of Contemporary Art, Los Angeles, July–October 2005; Museum of Fine Arts, Houston, November 2005–February 2006.
Basquiat at Fondation Beyeler in Switzerland, May–September 2010; Musée d'Art Moderne de la Ville de Paris, October 2010–January 2011.
See also
List of paintings by Jean-Michel Basquiat
References
Paintings by Jean-Michel Basquiat
1984 paintings
Griots
Black people in art
Tostedt (Low German Töst) is a municipality in the district of Harburg, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is the central administration of the collective municipality (Samtgemeinde Tostedt) which consists of 9 joint communities.
Geography
Geography
Tostedt is located on the northwestern edge of Lüneburger Heide, 35 km southwest of Hamburg and 55 km east of Bremen. The areas the highest point of 70 meters above sea level is to be found at the entrance facing Welle, its lowest point is 43 meters above sea level at the eastend of Todtglüsingen.
Near Tostedt the river Este flows towards Hollenstedt, and there are the spring of the river Oste towards Sittensen, as well as the streams Dohrener Mühlenbach, Langeloher Bach and Todtglüsinger Bach.
Neighboring cities and municipalities
Buchholz in der Nordheide
Dohren
Handeloh
Heidenau
Kakenstorf
Königsmoor
Otter
Welle
Wistedt
Municipality
Approximately 10,500 residents live in Tostedt. In the district of Todtglüsingen there are another 3,200 residents. The municipality of Tostedt includes the villages Tostedt, Todtglüsingen, Langeloh, Neddernhof and Wüstenhöfen and the farmyards Dreihausen and Tiefenbruch. The place Tostedt-Land belongs partly to the municipality of Tostedt and partly to the municipality of Wistedt.
History
The first recording of Tostedt go back to 1105. In 1625 the jurisdiction was established in Tostedt. Even today Tostedt is the place of a local court with jurisdiction of the trade register for the entire region of the Elbe-Weser triangle.
In the house of the old post office Am Sande, where the horses were changed by the stagecoaches, the French Emperor Napoleon once stayed for a stop over. The places Todtglüsingen and Tostedt were united on July 1, 1972.
Politics
Council
The members of the council, which was elected in 2011, are:
CDU 10 seats
SPD 9 seats
Green 5 seats
FDP 1 seat
Choice community Tostedt 5 seats
Single candidate 1 seat
Mayors
The title "mayor" was introduced in 1935.
Christoph Wicke (1853–1872)
Joachim Kröger (1872–1898)
Friedrich Sommerfeld (1899–1904)
Karl Möller (13. March 1904–27. October 1919)
Adolf Gerlach (27. October 1919–23. January 1931)
Claus Hamann (1. February 1931–30. September 1933)
Otto Mohrmann (1. October 1933–30. September 1934)
Claus Hamann (1. October 1934–31. May 1945)
Alexander Daum (11. June 1945–31. August 1945)
Friedrich Rossmann (1. September 1945–28. September 1946)
Heinrich Fricke (29. September 1946–7. December 1950)
Willy Aldag (8. December 1950–15. March 1971)
Paul Elbers (13. April 1971–18. November 1976)
Eckart Weithoener (19. November 1976–14. January 1979)
Ruth Zuther (18. January 1979–5. November 1981)
Günter Weiß (5. November 1981–27. November 1991)
Klaus-Dieter Feindt (27. November 1991–31. October 1996)
Günter Weiß (1. November 1996–21. March 2008)
Erwin Becker (25. August 2008–1. November 2011)
Gerhard Netzel (since 2. November 2011)
Community Partnerships
since 1989 with Morlaàs in France
since 1992 with Lubaczów in Poland
Musical life
For over 150 years, there have been the marching band of the shooting club Todtglüsingen, and the one of Tostedt and the Men's Glee Club Tostedt.
Sport
The most successful sports clubs are the Todtglüsinger sports club, sports club MTV Tostedt with a membership in the second National Table Tennis League and the Women's Baseball League team of Dohren Wild Farmers. The juniors of Wild Farmers won the German championship in 2010. There is a Tostedt shooting club, a Todtglüsingen shooting club, a tennis club and a riding club.
Security
There are two volunteer fire departments in Tostedt, the Tostedt firefighters and the firefighters Todtglüsingen which provide fire protection in place. And there is a police station.
Events
Since 1973 the Töster flea marketplace has taken on the first weekend of October. It is the largest flea market in northern Germany. About 700 exhibitors who come from Germany, the Netherlands and Denmark, present their goods.
The Advertising circle Tostedt, presents the Christmas Market.
The maypole as a common festival takes place in Todtglüsingen on 1 May of the Todtglüsingen shooting club, the fire department and the sports club Todtglüsingen.
There are Schützenfests in Tostedt and Todtglüsingen.
Tourism
The Este bike path and the Oste bike path towards Bremervörde reach the station in Tostedt. The trails E1 European long distance path, Heidschnuckenweg, Freudenthalweg and Heidepuzzle-trail pass by in the eastern forest area Lohbergen
Economy and Infrastructure
Traffic
Tostedt on the Bundesstraße 75 near the Highway A1 was once a stopover for stagecoaches between Hamburg and Bremen. Tostedt is part of the metropolitan region of Hamburg and a member of the Hamburg Transport Association HVV. The Tostedt station is a stopover of metronome railway company from Hamburg to Bremen. The station Tostedt is equipped for disabled people. From the station it is 32 minutes to the Hamburg main station and 36 minutes to the Bremen central station.
Courts and authorities
Tostedt is the place of District Courts Tostedt and the seat of the collective municipality Tostedt.
Public Institutions
The public swimming pool of Tostedt is one of the few baths in Germany without charge.
In Tostedt there is a workshop for handicapped and for mentally disabled people established in 1982.
Education
Tostedt schools are a Gymnasium, a Realschule, a Hauptschule and several elementary schools. Several kindergartens and a nature kindergarten.
External links
References
Harburg (district)
Hindi Day () is celebrated in India to commemorate the date 14 September 1949 on which a compromise was reached—during the drafting of the Constitution of India—on the languages that were to have official status in the Republic of India. The compromise, usually called the Munshi-Ayyangar formula, after drafting committee members K. M. Munshi and N. Gopalaswami Ayyangar, was voted by the Constituent Assembly of India after three years of debate between two opposing camps. The Hindi protagonists wanted Hindi to be the sole "national language" of India; the delegates from South India preferred English to have a place in the Constitution. The Munshi-Ayyangar formula declared (i) Hindi to be the "official language" of India's federal government; (ii) English to be an associate official language for 15 years during which Hindi's formal lexicon would be developed; and (iii) the international form of the Hindu-Arabic numerals to be the official numerals. The compromise resolution became articles 343–351 of India's constitution, which went into effect on 26 January 1950. In 1965, when the 15 years were up, the Government of India announced that English would continue to be the "de facto formal language of India."
Events
Apart from local-level events in schools and other institutions, a few of the notable events include
The former President of India, Pranab Mukherjee had conferred awards in different categories for the excellence in different fields pertaining to Hindi at a function in Vigyan Bhavan in New Delhi.
Rajbhasha Awards were conferred upon the Ministries, Departments, PSUs and Nationalised Banks.
Ministry of Home Affairs in its order dated 25 March 2015 has changed name of two awards given annually on Hindi Divas. 'Indira Gandhi Rajbhasha Puraskar' instituted in 1986 changed to 'Rajbhasha Kirti Puraskar' and 'Rajiv Gandhi Rashtriya Gyan-Vigyan Maulik Pustak Lekhan Puraskar' changed to "Rajbhasha Gaurav Puraskar".
See also
World Hindi Day
International Mother Language Day
World Hindi Secretariat
References
Hindi
Observances in India
Language observances
September observances
Autumn events in India
Bhumirajmandau is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3891 living in 743 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Doti District
Populated places in Doti District
Silvaspinosus is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae. There is at least one described species in Silvaspinosus, S. vespa, found in Madagascar.
References
Microgastrinae
The Chamber Wind Music of Jack Cooper is the first classical/new music studio recording featuring numerous performing artists recording chamber wind music of the composer on the Centaur Records label.
Background
In 2006, it was decided a CD would be produced as a collaboration between Centaur Records and resources housed at the University of Memphis. Centaur Records agreed to have a CD completed for their label of either chamber wind works or chamber string/piano works; not a mix or both so to avoid a conflict in programming and marketing. Artists were selected based on virtuoso musicianship and familiarity with the composer's work; being able to play both written and improvised passages at a high musical level.
Promotion and works from the compact disc
Interviews were done in 2010 for WKNO-FM NPR Radio and WUMR Radio about the recording. The works from the CD have been played and featured at numerous concert venues in North and South American (U.S.A., Canada, Brazil), primarily by the artists who commissioned each work. The euphonium work One of the Missing was commissioned by John Mueller and is strong protest piece that both Cooper and Mueller felt very compelled to present in opposition to the Iraq War. The recording of the Trombone Sonata (and manuscript) is one of the main subjects in a dissertation written in 2011 by Dr. Anthony Williams (music professor, University of Northern Iowa) on style and approach to four prominent 20th/21st Century solo trombone works: Alec Wilder - Sonata for Trombone and Piano, Richard Peaslee - Arrows of Time, William Goldstein - Colloquy for solo trombone, Jack Cooper - Sonata For Trombone. The Trombone Sonata has also had a second prominent recording by trombone artist Mark Hetzler on his 2015 CD recording Blues, Ballads and Beyond with Summit Records. All brass works (trombone, brass quintet, euphonium) from the recording are currently published with Brassworks 4 Publishing. All three of the sonatas and the brass quintet from the recording have received reviews in international journals as prominent literature for saxophone, clarinet, trombone and brass ensemble.
Reception
"...the purpose of this (recording) is to broaden the stylistic range of concert chamber music; a breaking-down of barriers...Collectors wishing to savor jazz served in classical mugs will find this an interesting release."
Ronald E. Grames, Fanfare Magazine
"Most enjoyable...are the two woodwind sonatas...The outer movements are lively and full of improvisatory exuberence, the (slow movement) allows (Paul) Haar to show his contemplative side. In the Clarinet Sonata, Cedric Mayfield's high-register tone is never shrill, and his playing is impressive in both noted and improvised music."
Barry Kilpatrick, American Record Guide
"...of all of the compositions on this CD I most enjoyed One of the Missing (for those lost in Iraq), is soulfully performed by John Mueller on euphonium. To me, it had the most musical depth and expressive qualities."
Calvin Smith, The Horn Call
"...an engaging musical experience in the hands of these performers, who are stylistically so attuned to this music and so in command of their instruments."
William Nichols, ICA Journal/The Clarinet
"...Haar's recording of this piece on The Chamber Wind Music of Jack Cooper (Centaur Records) is very impressive and would be a great example for any younger player learning the piece."
David Demsey, Saxophone Journal
"The playing of all involved is terrific (check out Luis Bonilla on the Sonata for Trombone), and the music is accessible but different. If you would like to hear some contemporary wind chamber music with a good dose of jazz influence, then this CD fits the bill."
Roy Couch, ITEA Journal
Track listing
Recording sessions
November 13, 2007
March 17, December 19, 2008
March 9 and 17, June 2, 2009
all tracks recorded in Harris Concert Hall, the University of Memphis School of Music
Personnel
Musicians
Composer, conductor: Jack Cooper
Trombone: Luis Bonilla
Alto Saxophone: Paul Haar
Clarinet: Cedric Mayfield
Trumpet: David Spencer
Trumpet: Ben Lewis
Horn: Daniel Phillips
Trombone and Euphonium: John Mueller
Tuba: Kevin Sanders
Piano: Chris Parker
Piano: Oksana Poleshook
Latin Percussion: Pablo Bilbraut
Drums (set): Michael Waldrop
Production
Recording engineer, mixing, and mastering: Jonathan Frazer
Piano Technicians: Scott Higgins and Richard Boyington
Liner Notes: Jack Cooper and Ken Kreitner
Cover art: Cathy Cooper
Photographer: Rene Koopman
See also
Luis Bonilla
Michael Waldrop
Sonata for Trombone (Cooper)
Works for saxophone and piano
Clarinet sonata
Brass quintet repertoire
Euphonium repertoire
References
External links
Centaur Records
One Of The Missing ISWC T-906.284.681-5
Sonata For Trombone ISWC T-906.282.236-0
2010 albums
2010 classical albums
Jazz albums by American artists
Daniel de Oliveira Sertanejo (born 4 November 1994), commonly known as Danielzinho, is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Novorizontino.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
1994 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Association football midfielders
Campeonato Brasileiro Série D players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Sociedade Esportiva Itapirense players
Clube Atlético Mineiro players
Marília Atlético Clube players
Boa Esporte Clube players
Paraná Clube players
Associação Ferroviária de Esportes players
Oeste Futebol Clube players
Grêmio Osasco Audax Esporte Clube players
Clube Atlético Linense players
Sampaio Corrêa Futebol Clube players
Ozmuş, Çamlıdere is a village in the District of Çamlıdere, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çamlıdere District
In mathematics and computer science, truncation is limiting the number of digits right of the decimal point.
Truncation and floor function
Truncation of positive real numbers can be done using the floor function. Given a number to be truncated and , the number of elements to be kept behind the decimal point, the truncated value of x is
However, for negative numbers truncation does not round in the same direction as the floor function: truncation always rounds toward zero, the floor function rounds towards negative infinity. For a given number , the function ceil is used instead.
In some cases is written as . See Notation of floor and ceiling functions.
Causes of truncation
With computers, truncation can occur when a decimal number is typecast as an integer; it is truncated to zero decimal digits because integers cannot store non-integer real numbers.
In algebra
An analogue of truncation can be applied to polynomials. In this case, the truncation of a polynomial P to degree n can be defined as the sum of all terms of P of degree n or less. Polynomial truncations arise in the study of Taylor polynomials, for example.
See also
Arithmetic precision
Floor function
Quantization (signal processing)
Precision (computer science)
Truncation (statistics)
References
External links
Wall paper applet that visualizes errors due to finite precision
Numerical analysis
ja:端数処理
The Lake Thun railway line is a railway line in the Swiss canton of Bern. It links the towns of Thun, Spiez and Interlaken, running principally along the southern shore of Lake Thun. The line was opened in 1893 by the Lake Thun Railway (, TSB) company, but incorporates much of the earlier Bödeli Railway () dating back to 1872.
The line is long, and is currently owned and operated by the BLS AG railway company. Besides traffic to and from Interlaken, the section of line between Thun and Spiez also carries heavy traffic to and from the Lötschberg line.
History
The history of the Lake Thun line is linked to that of the shipping services on Lake Thun and Lake Brienz, which date back to at least 1834, when the first steamship was introduced. The two lakes are linked by a stretch of the Aare through Interlaken, but the river is not navigable, dropping some and passing over several weirs.
In 1872, the first part of the Bödeli Railway was built, from Därligen, on Lake Thun, to what is now Interlaken West station. In 1874, it was extended, via what is now Interlaken Ost station, to Bönigen, on Lake Brienz. The line was not connected to any other railway, and served to connect the shipping on the two lakes to each other, and to Interlaken. The route of the Bödeli Railway crosses the Aare twice, using bridges with little headroom beneath them, and it has been suggested that this was done deliberately in order to dissuade attempts to canalise the river and thus maintain the railway's role.
From 1873, the Bödeli Railway also operated a train ferry on Lake Thun, providing a connection for freight to the Bern–Thun railway line at Thun. In 1890, the Lake Thun Railway company obtained a concession for a railway from Scherzligen in Thun, via Spiez, to an end-on connection with the existing Bödeli Railway at Därligen. This line started operation in 1893, and also leased the Bödeli Railway between Därligen and Interlaken Ost. The Bödeli Railway was fully incorporated into the Lake Thun Railway company in 1900.
In 1901, the Spiez to Frutigen line was opened, which was to become the first stage of the Lötschberg line, carrying heavy traffic across the Alps, and transforming the stretch of the Lake Thun line between Thun and Spiez. In 1913, the Lake Thun Railway company was taken over by the Bern-Lötschberg-Simplon Railway, which became today's BLS AG.
Bönigen remained the eastern terminus of the line until 1969, when passenger service was cut back to Interlaken Ost station. However the BLS had built its main workshops alongside the line at Bönigen's western edge, and these remain open, along with the track between Interlaken and the workshops. The rest of line was removed, although the site of the lakeside terminus can still be identified.
With the 2020 timetable change, BLS dropped service at the three intermediate stations between Spiez and Interlaken: , , and . Regular bus service replaced the hourly Regio service that had previously operated.
Route and infrastructure
The long Lake Thun line commences at Thun station, where it makes an end on junction with the Swiss Federal Railways owned Bern to Thun main line, and two other lines owned by the BLS AG; the Gürbetal line from Bern via Belp and the Burgdorf–Thun railway from Burgdorf via Konolfingen.
Near the intermediate Spiez station, the Lake Thun line has junctions with two further lines owned by the BLS AG; the Spiez–Erlenbach–Zweisimmen line from Zweisimmen and the Lötschberg line to Brig-Glis.
The line terminates just to the east of Interlaken Ost station, where it connects with the metre gauge Brünig line, which operates to Lucerne and is owned by the Zentralbahn, and the Berner Oberland-Bahnen, which operates to Grindelwald and Lauterbrunnen.
The Lake Thun line is built to standard gauge and is electrified using the Swiss mainline standard of supplied by overhead line. Between Thun and Spiez the line is double-tracked; from Spiez to Interlaken it is single track with passing loops. Besides traffic to and from Interlaken, the section of line between Thun and Spiez also carries heavy traffic to and from the Lötschberg line.
References
BLS railway lines
Railway lines in Switzerland
Transport in the canton of Bern
HH was the last of the letters assigned to original routes of the Independent Subway System of the New York City Subway in the 1930s. It was designated as the dedicated service letter of the IND Fulton Street Line in Brooklyn.
The letter was intended to be used for a service running local from Court Street, a stub-end station in Downtown Brooklyn, to the future Euclid Avenue station near the border with Queens. Express service on the four-track line was to be provided by trains coming from Jay Street–Borough Hall and Manhattan.
History
When service on the Fulton Street Line began on April 9, 1936, all trains serving it ran into Manhattan and the HH ran only as a two-stop shuttle to connect Court Street with Hoyt–Schermerhorn Streets. The HH ran on weekdays and Saturday from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. At that latter station, it stopped at the outermost tracks and platforms and connections to the Fulton Street and Crosstown trains were available.
Since the two stations the HH served were just three blocks apart in distance, it was discontinued on June 1, 1946 at 7 p.m. Since then, the two outermost tracks at Hoyt–Schermerhorn Streets have not been used in revenue service.
The Court Street station is now the site of the New York Transit Museum. The tracks leading to the station from the IND Fulton Street Line are still operable and used to move trains to and from the exhibit.
Route
References
External links
Line By Line History
Court St, and Hoyt-Schermerhorns Sts platforms
Defunct New York City Subway services
Crocodylus falconensis is an extinct species of crocodile known from the early Pliocene of the lower
part of the Vergel Member of the San Gregorio Formation of Venezuela. C. falconensis was named in 2013 after Falcón State and is thought to be the basalmost species of Crocodylus found in the Neotropics.
Description
C. falconensis was a medium-sized species of crocodile with a robust, generalist skull shape. The orbits and the supratemporal fenestrae are notably smaller than those of other Crocodylus species of the same age, while the nares are comparably larger (however still small relative to the overall skull size). The premaxilla surrounds the nares entirely, excluding the nasal bones from contacting them. Another feature differentiation Crocodylus falconensis from other species of the genus is that the supraoccipital reaches or at least almost reaches the foramen magnum. The roughly triangular skull had a prominent notch located behind the nares to receive one of the enlarged dentary teeth and the center of the rostrum housed a prominent bony boss. Such a boss can also be found in the extant species of the Neotropics, including the American Crocodile. Size estimates put C. falconensis at 4.12 meters long with a weight of 307 kg.
Evolution
Initial phylogenetic analysis by Scheyer and colleagues recovered C. falconensis as the basal-most of New World Crocodylus species and sister taxa to all subsequent species of the Americas. This has been interpreted to mean that C. falconensis was one of, if not the first member of the genus to cross the Atlantic, with all other neotropic Crocodylus species radiating from South America. A study published in mid 2020, which focused on the phylogenetic placement of the African Crocodylus checchiai recovered slightly different results. In their analysis, neotropic Crocodylus species retained their monophyletic status and were still recovered as originating from African species that must have crossed the Atlantic, recovering C. checchiai as the likely Old-World precursor to the American lineage due to their similar morphology, including the prominent dorsal boss. However, their results differ from Scheyer's initial analysis in that despite being the oldest, C. falconensis was not recovered as the basalmost neotropic species (this role was filled by the Orinoco Crocodile in Delfino et al. 2020).
In 2021, Hekkala et al. were able to use paleogenomics, extracting DNA from the extinct Voay, to better establish the relationships within Crocodylidae, including the subfamilies Crocodylinae and Osteolaeminae. Their results too recover a close connection between the Miocene C. checciai of Africa and the Pliocene C. falconensis, placing them as sister taxa. However, these results render the origin of neotropic Crocodylus relatively obscure, as the two species group together at the base of the African-American clade, less derived than either of the two extant African species. Following these results rather than those of Scheyer or Delfino would imply two distinct dispersal events into the Americas.
Paleoenvironment
C. falconensis was found in the Vergel Member of the San Gregorio Formation, Venezuela, which is known for its rich catfish fauna. The abundance of fossil fish has been interpreted to mean that during the Pliocene, this region was largely covered by floodplains and braided rivers, likely accompanied by some woodland and various other bodies of water such as ponds, swamps, flooded areas and even estuaries as indicated by more salt-tolerant animals. Crocodylus falconensis would have likely inhabited both fresh and brackish water. Other animals found in the region included various notoungulates, xenarthrans like glypotodonts and ground sloths as well as large rodents related to the modern Capybara.
References
Crocodylidae
Pliocene crocodylomorphs
Pliocene reptiles of South America
Chapadmalalan
Montehermosan
Neogene Venezuela
Fossils of Venezuela
Fossil taxa described in 2013
Nils Ryjord (1875—1926) was a Norwegian architect. He designed several churches, but spent the majority of his career working on the restoration of the historic Nidaros Cathedral.
Ryjord completed his education at the Norwegian Institute of Technology in the spring of 1897. He then worked under Lars Solberg and Johan Christensen for a year. From 1898 onwards, he worked as Christian Christie's assistant at the major restoration project for the Nidaros Cathedral. After Christie's death in 1906, when he even became the temporary leader, cathedral architect, and artistic director until 1909. After Christie's death, an architectural competition was held to determine the person to resume Christie's work. Ryjord lost the competition to Olaf Nordhagen. From 1909 until his death in 1926, Ryjord then became the technical and administrative leader of the project and Olaf Nordhagen took over from Ryjord as the artistic director of the project.
In addition to his work at Nidaros Cathedral, he also prepared plans for the restoration of Austråt, Old Nærøy Church, and Trondenes Church. He also led the excavation at Munkeby Abbey as well as the improvements of Steinvikholm Castle and the Old Sakshaug Church. He also prepared plans for the restoration of Tingvoll Church which began shortly before his death and continued after he died.
Nils Ryjord was the son of Johan Eduard Ryjord and Anna Fredrikke Mørck. On 2 June 1906, he was married to Ingeborg Ragnhild Floan. He was the uncle to Roar Tønseth as well.
Works
Ryjord designed the following buildings:
Froan Chapel, Frøya (1903–1904)
Kvenvær Church, Hitra (1907–1909)
Kronprins Olavs allé 19 (Ryjord's home), Trondheim (1909)
Leiranger Church, Steigen (1909–1911)
Aure Church, Aure (1923–1924)
Ryjord worked on the restorations of the following buildings:
Logtun Church, Frosta (1903)
Steinvikholm Castle, Stjørdal (1907-1922)
Old Sakshaug Church, Inderøy (1908)
Munkeby Abbey, Skogn (1909-1910)
Edøy Church, Smøla (1910)
Old Nærøy Church, Nærøy (1912-1915)
Halsa Church, Halsa (1922-1924)
Tingvoll Church, Tingvoll (1922-1926)
References
1875 births
1926 deaths
Norwegian architects
Seed swaps are events where gardeners meet to exchange seeds. Swapping can be arranged online or by mail, especially when participants are spread out geographically. Swap meet events, where growers meet and exchange their excess seeds in person, are also growing in popularity. In part this is due to increased interest in organic gardening and heritage or heirloom plant varietals. This reflects gardeners' interest in "unusual or particular varieties of flowers and vegetables", according to Kathy Jentz of Washington Gardener Magazine (Maryland).
Seed swaps also help consumers who, due to increases in the cost of living or cut down on expenditures, wish to grow their own food. Some events are organized as part of an educational effort, where visitors are taught gardening and growing skills and how to preserve an area's cultural heritage and biodiversity. In the United States, the last Saturday of January is "National Seed Swap Day".
Cultural and culinary significance
Swapping seeds is of great cultural significance for many of the people involved, because it allows a culture which has become widely distributed, such as Hispanic and Latino Americans in the United States, to continue to grow the food they are accustomed to, foods which often have great significance, and for which seeds are often transported over great distances. Mike Szuberla, organizer of a seed swap in Toledo, Ohio, noted, "Seeds are, in a sense, suitcases in which people can transport their cultures with them... Many families have brought their favorite seeds on tremendous journeys."
In some cases seed swaps are annual events and function as community celebrations (they have been compared to potlucks), such as the annual seed swap (in its eleventh year in 2008) on the Oglethorpe farm near Athens, Georgia, organized by two anthropology professors from the University of Georgia (the university has a seedbank, the "Southern Seed Legacy"). Participants share seeds of heirloom fruits and vegetables grown in their families or communities for generations; for some, the goal of such swaps is to preserve a "dying" heritage. A similar goal is stated for a seed swap in Devon, England, where the North Devon Seed Swap has been held since 1 February 2004.
The Dixon Community Seed Exchange, in Dixon, New Mexico, has been taking place annually since 2003. It distributes free seed of homegrown and commercial varieties as available and also provides a forum for the exchange of varieties peculiar to the high mountain areas of northern New Mexico. It attracts several hundred participants and photos may be viewed at its website.
A distinct and less public kind of seed swap involves the seeds of marijuana.
Biological significance
Some seed swaps explicitly have a biological goal—usually either educating the public in organic gardening or the attempt to maintain crop diversity. The larger global relevance and beneficial long-range effects of ecological farming sustained by seed swaps, and the effects of such practices in countering the effects of agrichemical monoculture, are beginning to be studied.
Restrictions in the European Union
The European Court of Justice ruled in 2012 that farmers in the European Union are allowed under restricted circumstances to both produce and market seeds from plant varieties that are not officially registered and approved. Sale of such seeds could not be categorically prohibited on the basis of an existing EU guideline on seed registering. The corporation Graines Baumax had taken the domestic farmers' network Kokopelli to court and demanded €50,000 (US$61,000). Kokopelli won this case.
France has the most strict implementation of the seed laws.
Indications in 2011 is that even more restrictions are on their way. European Parliament rejected the European Commission's proposal for plant reproductive material law, also known as the "seed regulation" in 2014.
See also
Community gardening
Crop diversity
Food swap
Gift economy
Organic gardening
Seedbank
Seed library
Seed saving
References
Food sovereignty
Gardening
Seeds
Overland Stagecoach is a 1942 American Western film directed by Sam Newfield and written by Fred Myton. The film stars Robert Livingston as the Lone Rider, Al St. John as his sidekick "Fuzzy" Jones, and Dennis Moore as Sheriff Smoky Moore, with Julie Duncan, Glenn Strange and Ted Adams. The film was released on October 11, 1942, by Producers Releasing Corporation.
This is the twelfth movie in the "Lone Rider" series, and the first starring Robert Livingston. The first eleven movies star George Houston.
This was the last film in the series to feature Dennis Moore as Sheriff Smoky Moore; he co-starred in six of the Lone Rider films, beginning with 1942's The Lone Rider and the Bandit.
Plot
"Fuzzy" Jones gets a job as a driver for the Pioneer Stagecoach Company, and he learns that the stagecoach company's owners, Jeff Clark and Harland Kent, are opposing the construction of a new railroad line through the area. Jeff Clark is killed in a gunfight with some outlaws. Before he dies, he tells "Fuzzy" to send for his daughter, Susan, who is also a partner in the stage line. Little does anyone know that Kent was actually behind Jeff's murder.
Now with Jeff out of the way, Kent is scheming to steal Susan's share of the company. "Fuzzy" becomes suspicious and sends for his friend, Tom Cameron/ The Lone Rider. Smoky Moore, foreman of the proposed railroad company, is also a friend of Fuzzy's. Susan arrives in town, actually driving the stagecoach herself. Kent has his henchmen sabotage both the railroad company and the stagecoach company, and each side is blaming the other. The Lone Rider and "Fuzzy" try to find who is really causing all the trouble. It's not long before Kent frames the Lone Rider and Fuzzy for murder, forcing the two heroes to become fugitives from the law.
Cast
Robert Livingston as Tom Cameron, the Lone Rider
Al St. John as Fuzzy Q. Jones
Dennis Moore as Smoky Moore, foreman of the railroad
John Elliott as Jeff Clark
Julie Duncan as Susan Clark (Jeff's daughter)
Glenn Strange as Harlen Kent, the villain
Ted Adams as Sheriff
Julian Rivero as Pedro, the bar owner
Budd Buster as Pete (henchman)
Art Mix as Jitters (henchman)
Charles King as Jake, a railroad worker
See also
The "Lone Rider" films starring George Houston:
The Lone Rider Rides On (1941) released on DVD as Rider of the Plains
The Lone Rider Crosses the Rio (1941)
The Lone Rider in Ghost Town (1941) released on DVD as Ghost Mine
The Lone Rider in Frontier Fury (1941)
The Lone Rider Ambushed (1941) released on DVD as Trapped in the Badlands
The Lone Rider Fights Back (1941)
The Lone Rider and the Bandit (1942)
The Lone Rider in Cheyenne (1942)
The Lone Rider in Texas Justice (1942)
Border Roundup (1942)
Outlaws of Boulder Pass (1942)
starring Robert Livingston:
Overland Stagecoach (1942)
Wild Horse Rustlers (1943)
Death Rides the Plains (1943)
Wolves of the Range (1943)
Law of the Saddle (1943)
Raiders of Red Gap (1943)
References
External links
1942 films
American Western (genre) films
1942 Western (genre) films
Producers Releasing Corporation films
Films directed by Sam Newfield
American black-and-white films
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
This is a list of mayors of Mayagüez, located on the west coast of Puerto Rico.
19th century
20th century
See also
Mayoralty in Puerto Rico
Timeline of Mayagüez, Puerto Rico
Mayagüez, Puerto Rico
Puerto Rico
References
Bibliography
Mayaguez: Notas para su Historia; Silvia Aguilo Ramos, 1984, San Juan, Model Offset Printing
Genealogia Biografias e Historias de Mayagüez de Ayer y Hoy y Antologia Puerto Rico; Martin Gaudier, 1959, San German, Imprenta "El Aguila"
(About Bejamín Cole era)
Mayaguez
Carlheinz Neumann (27 November 1905 – 19 May 1983) was a German rower who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
In 1932 he won the gold medal as coxswain of the German boat in the coxed four competition.
External links
profile
1905 births
1983 deaths
Coxswains (rowing)
Olympic rowers of Germany
Rowers at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for Germany
Olympic medalists in rowing
German male rowers
Medalists at the 1932 Summer Olympics
The STEP Study was a Phase IIb clinical trial intended to study the efficacy of an experimental HIV vaccine based on a human adenovirus 5 (HAdV-5) vector. The study was conducted in North and South America, the Caribbean, and Australia. A related study (the "Phambili trial") using the same experimental vaccine was conducted simultaneously in South Africa. These trials were co-sponsored by Merck, the HIV Vaccine Trials Network (HVTN), and the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID), and had an Oversight Committee consisting of representatives from these three organizations. In South Africa the trial was overseen by the South African AIDS Vaccine Initiative.
These trials were terminated before their scheduled conclusion, when the Data Safety Monitoring Board determined that the vaccine was not preventing HIV infection, and was possibly enhancing susceptibility to HIV infection in some of the study participants.
Design
The study was a multicenter, double-blinded, randomized, placebo-controlled phase II proof-of-concept trial which involved administering an experimental vaccine (the MRKAd5 HIV-1 Gag/Pol/Nef trivalent vaccine) to nearly 3,000 healthy HIV-negative (uninfected) volunteers. Enrollment began in North and South America, the Caribbean and Australia in December 2004, and was completed in March 2007. Enrollment in the South African arm of the trial began in early 2007 and ended in September 2007. Candidates for enrollment into the study were men and women identified as high risk for acquiring HIV infection but who were currently HIV-negative.
The vaccine contained three separate replication-defective vectors based on Human Adenovirus C serotype 5 (HAdV-5). Each of the three vectors expressed a single gene encoding a protein from the HIV virus: gag, pol, or nef. It was hoped that the adenovirus vectors would carry these HIV-1 genes into the cell, and that this would result in the development of a cell-mediated immune response that would confer a degree of immunity to the HIV virus.
Findings
24 of the 741 men in the vaccine group and 21 men of 762 in the placebo group had tested HIV-positive. The protocol expected that the group which had received the vaccine would have a lower or equal infection rate as compared to the control group, but this was not seen. In fact, certain groups of the vaccine recipients were seen to have a higher risk of HIV infection as compared to the placebo group.
While almost everyone enrolled in the STEP study had received the full course of the vaccine when the vaccination cessation was announced, no one in Phambili, the African trial, had been entirely vaccinated.
Response
On September 21, 2007 sponsors of the STEP study announced that further vaccination would cease and that vaccination in the Phambili Trial would be paused pending review. On October 23, 2007 the sponsors announced that the Phambili Trial would stop further immunizations.
By November 2007 all participants were unblinded when researchers informed them whether they had received the vaccine or placebo.
Alan Aderem of Seattle Biomed stated that "the experimental inoculation... actually increased the chances that some people would later acquire HIV."
In May 2012 The New York Times reported that a study confirmed that the vaccine given to volunteers in the STEP Study made them more likely, not less, to become infected with HIV.
References
External links
information for trial enrollment
summary of results
question and answer about trial end
layman's interpretation of trial results
HIV vaccine research
Clinical trials related to HIV
Pádraig Carney (1928 – 9 June 2019) was a Gaelic footballer who played as a centre-forward for the senior Mayo county team.
He was one of the last two living players from the winning 1951 Mayo team, the other being Paddy Prendergast. Carney first played for the senior team while he was still a minor in the 1946 championship and was a regular member of the starting fifteen until his retirement after the National League final in 1954. During that time, he won two All-Ireland medals, four Connacht medals and two National League medals. Carney also had the distinction of being the first player to score a goal from a penalty in an All-Ireland final.
Carney played club football with a range of clubs. However, it was with Castlebar Mitchels that he won two county championship medals.
He died in June 2019, at the age of 91.
Career statistics
References
1928 births
2019 deaths
Castlebar Mitchels Gaelic footballers
Irish expatriates in the United States
Irish gynaecologists
Irish obstetricians
Mayo inter-county Gaelic footballers
Connacht inter-provincial Gaelic footballers
Winners of two All-Ireland medals (Gaelic football)
20th-century Irish medical doctors
Mor Karbasi (born April 23, 1986) is a singer-songwriter born in Jerusalem, and now based in Seville after five years in London.
One of her main projects is Ladino music, also known as Judezmo, Spanyolit, or Sephardic—the ancient language and music of the exiled Jews of Portugal and Spain. She writes original material, as well as singing traditional songs. She has been compared to Mariza and Yasmin Levy, but has a strongly individual sound, whichever type of music she sings.
Karbasi's heritage is mixed Iranian (paternal) and Moroccan (maternal), and according to her Moroccan Jewish grandfather, "the blood remembers," meaning that before this her ancestors came from Spain. Her connection to this culture is expressed passionately through her music. Her family name Karbasi means "canvas" in Persian.
Musical career
Karbasi's concert appearances include: Tours of Europe and USA, including appearances on London's Trafalgar Square open air stage (2006 and 2007), festival performances (Womad Festival 2007 Charlton Park, and Las Palmas-Canary Islands, Celtic Connections 2009). TV and Radio broadcasts on National French TV and BBC radio. Her first album, The Beauty and the Sea, was reviewed in The Guardian newspaper. The review called her "one of the great young divas of the global music scene."
She has also made guest appearances with groups having compatible styles, Koby Israelite, Baroque fusion 'Eclipse', Rai band Ludomix, the Pena Flamenco de Israel.
In 2017 Mor joined Swiss-based world music band Beyond, participating in their fourth album Awakening.
Discography
Earlier work includes a self-produced CD called "Broken Wings", and a four track EP called "Rosa".
The Beauty and the Sea [2008]
Daughter of the Spring [2011]
La Tsadika (The Ballad For Sol) [2013]
Ojos De Novia (Eyes of a Bride) [2016]
Traditional influences
Mor Karbasi collects and sings songs in Ladino, as well as European and Latin American folk, also Andalucian music sung in Hebrew with Arabic melodies and scales. The latter is called Piyyutim, and is a type of prayer traditionally only sung by men.
References
External links
MySpace – Mor Karbasi
Mintaka Music – Mor Karbasi
Homepage of Mor Karbasi
С Мор Карбаси във вълшебната приказка на гласа й
Living people
21st-century Israeli women singers
Judaeo-Spanish-language singers
Israeli emigrants to the United Kingdom
Israeli people of Iranian-Jewish descent
Spanish-language singers of Isreal
Israeli people of Moroccan-Jewish descent
Israeli women singer-songwriters
1986 births
Critical illness polyneuropathy (CIP) and critical illness myopathy (CIM) are overlapping syndromes of diffuse, symmetric, flaccid muscle weakness occurring in critically ill patients and involving all extremities and the diaphragm with relative sparing of the cranial nerves. CIP and CIM have similar symptoms and presentations and are often distinguished largely on the basis of specialized electrophysiologic testing or muscle and nerve biopsy. The causes of CIP and CIM are unknown, though they are thought to be a possible neurological manifestation of systemic inflammatory response syndrome. Corticosteroids and neuromuscular blocking agents, which are widely used in intensive care, may contribute to the development of CIP and CIM, as may elevations in blood sugar, which frequently occur in critically ill patients.
CIP was first described by Charles F. Bolton in a series of five patients.
Combined CIP and CIM was first described by Nicola Latronico in a series of 24 patients.
Signs and symptoms
People with CIP/CIM have diffuse, symmetric, flaccid muscle weakness. CIP/CIM typically develops in the setting of a critical illness and immobilization, so patients with CIP/CIM are often receiving treatment in the intensive care unit (ICU).
Weakness (motor deficits) occurs in generalized fashion, rather than beginning in one region of the body and spreading. Limb and respiratory (diaphragm) muscles are especially affected. The muscles of the face are usually spared, but in rare cases, the eye muscles may be weakened, leading to ophthalmoplegia.
Respiratory difficulties can be caused by atrophy of the muscles between the ribs (intercostals), atrophy of the diaphragm muscle, and degeneration of the nerve that stimulates the diaphragm (phrenic nerve). This can prolong the time it takes to wean a person off of a breathing machine (mechanical ventilation) by as much as 7 – 13 days.
Deep tendon reflexes may be lost or diminished, and there may be bilateral symmetric flaccid paralysis of the arms and legs. The nervous system manifestations are typically limited to peripheral nerves, as the central nervous system is usually unaffected.
Cause
The causes of CIP and CIM are unknown, though they are thought to be a possible neurological manifestation of systemic inflammatory response syndrome.
Pathology
Nerve biopsy would show axonal neuropathy, but it is no longer indicated. A muscle biopsy of critical illness myopathy would show selective loss of thick filaments in muscle, demonstrating the loss of myosin and the presence of muscle cell death (necrosis). When muscles lose stimulation from neurons, they can undergo degeneration. However, when critical illness myopathy occurs, it is not solely due to loss of innervation of the muscle. With critical illness myopathy, no other cause of the muscle degeneration can be found.
Unlike Guillain Barre Syndrome, another neurological disorder that causes weakness, patients with critical illness polyneuropathy do not have loss of the myelin sheath that normally surrounds neurons (demyelination).
Diagnosis
CIP and CIM are a major cause of ICU-acquired weakness (ICUAW). Current guidelines recommend a clinical diagnosis of ICUAW, made by manually testing the muscle strength with the use of the Medical Research Council (MRC) sum score or handgrip dynamometry.
CIP/CIM is often not identified until a patient is unable to be successfully weaned from a mechanical ventilator. Early detection of the condition is difficult, because these patients are often sedated and intubated, and thus unable to cooperate with a thorough neuromuscular physical examination. The use of conventional nerve conduction studies is time-consuming and requires specialized personnel; however, simplified electrophysiologic tests can be used as screening tools in the critically ill to confirm or exclude CIP/CIM. The peroneal nerve test is a validated, high-sensitivity, minimally invasive, non-volitional and quick diagnostic test which can accurately exclude CIP/CIM if the result is normal. Moreover, patients with disuse atrophy and muscle deconditioning have normal electrophysiological tests even if muscle strength is severely reduced Hence, these tests are important to define the cause of muscle weakness and can be helpful to refine the prognosis.
Laboratory values
The serum creatine phosphokinase (CPK) can be mildly elevated. While the CPK is often a good marker for damage to muscle tissue, it is not a helpful marker in CIP/CIM, because CIP/CIM is a gradual process and does not usually involve significant muscle cell death (necrosis). Also, even if necrosis is present, it may be brief and is therefore easily missed. If a lumbar puncture (spinal tap) is performed, the protein level in the cerebral spinal fluid would be normal.
Screening
Initial screening for CIP/CIM may be performed using an objective scoring system for muscle strength. The Medical Research Council (MRC) score is one such tool, and sometimes used to help identify CIP/CIM patients in research studies. The MRC score involves assessing strength in 3 muscle groups in the right and left sides of both the upper and lower extremities. Each muscle tested is given a score of 0–5, giving a total possible score of 60. An MRC score less than 48 is suggestive of CIP/CIM. However, the tool requires that patients be awake and cooperative, which is often not the case. Also, the screening tool is non-specific, because it does not identify the cause a person's muscle weakness.
Once weakness is detected, the evaluation of muscle strength should be repeated several times. If the weakness persists, then a muscle biopsy, a nerve conduction study (electrophysiological studies), or both should be performed.
Prognosis
CIP/CIM can lead to difficulty weaning a person from a mechanical ventilator, and is associated with increased length of stay in the ICU and increased mortality (death). It can lead to impaired rehabilitation. Since CIP/CIM can lead to decreased mobility (movement), it increases the risk of pneumonia, deep vein thrombosis, and pulmonary embolism.
Critically ill people that are in a coma can become completely paralyzed from CIP/CIM. Improvement usually occurs in weeks to months, as the innervation to the muscles are restored. About half of patients recover fully.
Epidemiology
While the exact incidence is unknown, estimates range from 33 - 57 percent of patients staying in the ICU for longer than 7 days. More exact data is difficult to obtain, since variation exists in defining the condition.
The three main risk factors for CIP and CIM are sepsis and systemic inflammatory response syndrome (SIRS), and multi-organ failure. Reported rates of CIP/CIM in people with sepsis and SIRS range from 68 to 100 percent. Additional risk factors for developing CIP/CIM include: female gender, high blood sugar (hyperglycemia), low serum albumin, and immobility. A greater severity of illness increases the risk of CIP/CIM. Such risk factors include: multi-organ dysfunction, kidney failure, renal replacement therapy, duration of organ dysfunction, duration of ICU stay, and central neurologic failure.
Certain medications are associated with CIP/CIM, such as corticosteroids, neuromuscular blocking agents, vasopressors, catecholamines, and intravenous nutrition (parenteral nutrition). Research has produced inconsistent results for the impact of hypoxia, hypotension, hyperpyrexia, and increased age on the risk of CIP/CIM. The use of aminoglycosides is not an independent risk for the development of CIP/CIM.
History
CIP was first described in 1984 by Charles F. Bolton in a series of five patients. The condition used to be described as "Bolton's neuropathy.". In 1996, Latronico and colleagues first described that CIP and CIM often coexist in the same patient.
Terminology
A number of terms are used to describe critical illness polyneuropathy, partially because there is often neuropathy and myopathy in the same person, and nerve and muscle degeneration are difficult to distinguish from each other in this condition. Terms used for the condition include: critical illness polyneuromyopathy, critical illness neuromyopathy, and critical illness myopathy and neuropathy (CRIMYNE). Bolton's neuropathy is an older term, which is no longer used.
See also
Chronic critical illness
References
External links
Intensive care medicine
Neurological disorders
Domitila de Carvalho (1871–1966) was a Portuguese doctor, teacher, writer and politician. She was the first woman to attend the University of Coimbra in Portugal, from where she graduated in Mathematics, Philosophy and Medicine. A supporter of the authoritarian Estado Novo government, she was also one of the first three female deputies (members of parliament) elected in Portugal.
Early life
Domitila Hormizinda Miranda de Carvalho was born on 10 April 1871 in Travanca in the Aveiro District of Portugal. She was the daughter of a primary school teacher. Her father died when she was just one year old, leaving her mother with three young children. She went to school in Castelo Branco, Bragança and Leiria, completing high school in 1891. On the basis of excellent exam results she then became the first woman to be admitted to the University of Coimbra since 1772, enrolling in October 1891. As a condition for admission, she was obliged to always wear black, with a discreet hat, so that she was not noticeable amongst the male students who were required to dress in capes and buttoned cassocks.
Academic achievements and early career
De Carvalho graduated with distinction in Mathematics and Philosophy in 1894 and 1895 and until 1896 was the only female graduate of the university. Her achievement attracted considerable publicity and she was seen as a role model for young women. After graduation she enrolled in the Medicine course and obtained her doctorate in 1904. She was then asked by Queen Amélia of Orléans, Queen Consort of the Portuguese king, who had sponsored her while she was at university, to work at the newly established National Tuberculosis Institute in the Portuguese capital Lisbon. She also worked at a Maternity Clinic and, for a short period, went into private practice. However, she soon took the opportunity to become both the dean and a teacher at the D. Maria Pia High School in Lisbon. This was founded in 1906 as the first secondary school for girls in Portugal and she was the dean from its foundation until 1912. The school changed its name to the Almeida Garrett High School in 1917, and later to the Maria Amália Vaz de Carvalho High School. De Carvalho taught several subjects and was the first Portuguese woman to become a mathematics teacher and continued to teach at the school until her retirement.
Despite her conservative Catholic views, De Carvalho decided to sign a 1909 petition in support of divorce. Parallel to her activities as a teacher and doctor, De Carvalho involved herself in writing, starting by publishing sonnets and writing for Serões, an illustrated monthly magazine published between 1901 and 1911. She also organised conferences on literary and educational matters. She was elected as a correspondent member of the Lisbon Academy of Sciences and also became a member of the Superior Council for Public Instruction (Conselho Superior de Instrução Pública), which, prior to the establishment of the Ministry of Education in 1936, was responsible for directing and regulating public education. She was also a prominent member of several organizations linked to the Catholic Church. As a supporter of the Estado Novo government, she was appointed as a member of the board of Obra das Mães pela Educação Nacional (Mothers' Work for National Education), an Estado Novo organization. Although her ideological position was conservative, she became associated with feminist anti-war initiatives.
Role in the National Assembly
In 1934 she was one of three women, together with Maria Guardiola and Maria Cândida Parreira, invited by the National Union, the sole legal party of the time, to be on the list of candidates for the newly created National Assembly. None of the three had children but they all had a higher academic degree and devoted themselves to their careers, in contradiction to what the regime expected from women. Conservative in her approach, she adhered from the beginning to the political and ideological principles of the Estado Novo. At the National Assembly, she spoke about infant mortality, which led to the introduction of compulsory courses in general hygiene and childcare in secondary schools. Emphasising the importance of education to the empowerment of women, she also participated in discussions on educational reform. She was against secular education and spoke in favour of the compulsory display of the crucifix in primary schools. As a monarchist, she was the interlocutor between the Portuguese leader António de Oliveira Salazar and the former Queen, D. Amélia of Orléans, with whom she continued to maintain correspondence.
Domitila de Carvalho died in Lisbon on 11 November 1966. Her correspondence and other documents are held at the Portuguese national archives.
References
Women members of the Assembly of the Republic (Portugal)
Members of the Assembly of the Republic (Portugal)
Portuguese mathematicians
University of Coimbra alumni
1871 births
1966 deaths
20th-century Portuguese politicians
20th-century Portuguese women politicians
20th-century women mathematicians
20th-century mathematicians
In photography, a snoot is a tube or similar object that fits over a studio light or portable flash and allows the photographer to control the direction and radius of the light beam. These may be conical, cylindrical, or rectangular in shape. Snoots can isolate a subject when using a flash. They help by stopping "light spill", or when lighting falls in a larger footprint than intended.
Snoots can be different lengths and diameter, also made of various materials.
See also
Collimator
Top hat
References
Photography equipment
Photographic lighting
Hans Oliva-Hagen (14 April 1922 in Berlin, Nikolassee – 1992) was a journalist, writer, and screenwriter in the German Democratic Republic who wrote under the pseudonyms Hans Oliva and John Ryder. His most important works include his collaboration on the scripts for the DEFA film Carbide and Sorrel (1963) and the five-part GDR television film Conscience in Riot (1961). An anti-fascist militant and Holocaust survivor of Jewish heritage, Oliva-Hagen was active in the German resistance to Nazism.
Life
Hans Hagen was born in Berlin, the son of the German Jewish economist, banker, bank archivist, and anti-fascist activist Hermann Carl Hagen. His mother, Hedwig Elise Caroline Staadt, was a German Christian. He attended boarding school in Switzerland, which he had to leave after completing elementary school. His brother Karl-Heinz Hagen worked as editor-in-chief for a number of German publications.
In 1937, he travelled to Spain to volunteer with the International Brigades, which fought on the side of the Republican government of Spain against the fascists under General Franco, but was turned down because of his young age. He then moved to France, where he worked in Marseille, among other places. He was employed as a dockworker. From 1940 on he lived in Berlin and was active in the resistance against the Nazis. In 1941 he was arrested by the police during an illegal leaflet campaign and imprisoned in the Moabit prison, where he was subjected to Nazi human experimentation. He was captured and tortured while trying to escape from the Dahlem Manor, where he was employed as a prison harvest worker. In 1945 the Soviet Red Army stormed and liberated Moabit Prison.
Hans Hagen's father Hermann was murdered in the special campaign against Jews on 27 and 28 May 1942, an act of revenge by the Nazis after the assassination attempt on Reinhard Heydrich. Along with 500 other German Jews selected arbitrarily, Hagen was abducted from Berlin and taken to the Sachsenhausen concentration camp where he was murdered on 29 May 1942. His mother Hedwig was also murdered at Sachsenhausen.
Following the end of World War II, Hans Oliva-Hagen lived in East Berlin when it was administered by the Soviet Union, and joined the Socialist Unity Party of Germany. He was later expelled from the party due to criticism, initially working in radio and press administration. He worked as a freelance journalist and author from 1952.
On 4 May 1954, he married the actress Eva-Maria Hagen in Berlin. The marriage ended in divorce in 1959. Their daughter Catharina "Nina" Hagen, born on 11 March 1955, stayed with her mother after the divorce. Nina became a singer and actress. Nina's daughter Cosma Shiva Hagen also became an actress.
Filmography
1955: Das Stacheltier – Episode 41: Das Haushaltswunder (Idea)
1958: Im Sonderauftrag (Script with Heinz Thiel)
1961: Gewissen in Aufruhr, TV novel in 5 parts (Script with Günter Reisch and Hans-Joachim Kasprzik)
1962: Die letzte Chance (Script)
1963: Carbide and Sorrel (Script with Frank Beyer)
1963: Drei Kriege. 1. Tauroggen, DDR-Fernsehfilm (Script with Roland Gräf and Norbert Büchner)
1963: Der andere neben dir (Script with Ulrich Thein and Hartwig Strobel)
1964: Drei Kriege. 2. Hinter den Fronten, DDR-Fernsehfilm (Script with Roland Gräf und Norbert Büchner)
1965: Drei Kriege. 3. In Berlin, DDR-Fernsehfilm (Script with Roland Gräf and Norbert Büchner)
1966: Trick 17b, DDR-Fernsehfilm (Dramaturgy)
1966: Asse (Script with Karl Gass)
Bibliography
1953: Asphalt, Tempo, Silberpfeile (Narrative, with Erich Rackwitz), Berlin, Verlag Neues Leben
1954: Auf die Plätze – fertig – los! (Narrative), Berlin, Verlag Neues Leben
1957: Die Sowjetunion von A–Z (with Erich Rackwitz)
1958: Bei unseren Soldaten. Aus dem Leben der Nationalen Volksarmee (with J. C. Schwarz), Berlin, Verlag des Ministeriums für Nationale Verteidigung
Awards
1961 National Prize of the German Democratic Republic – 1st class for Art and Culture (part of a collective for the screenplay of Gewissen in Aufruhr)
References
External links
Hans Oliva-Hagen entry in the Catalog of the German National Library
Current Camera: Commentary by Hans Oliva-Hagen on the film "Conscience in Rebellion", Deutscher Fernsehfunk. 7 February 1962. (Video in the ARD Retro service of the ARD Media Library)
1922 births
1992 deaths
East German journalists
German expatriates in Switzerland
German people of Jewish descent
German screenwriters
German male screenwriters
German torture victims
Hagen family
Holocaust survivors
Jewish socialists
People from Berlin
Recipients of the National Prize of East Germany
Socialist Unity Party of Germany members
The black-headed trogon (Trogon melanocephalus) is a species of bird in the family Trogonidae. It is found in Belize, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Mexico, and Nicaragua. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forest, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest, and heavily degraded former forest.
Description
This trogon measures and weighs about . Males and females both have bright yellow underparts with a narrow band of white separating the yellow from a dark chest. Distinctive markings include a dark eye surrounded by a light blue eye ring and black tail feathers with broad white tips. Males have black heads and breasts with a blue-green sheen on the nape, back and wings. Females are similar, but duller yellow below and slate grey above, with none of the blue-green sheen of the male.
They eat both fruit and insects, which they capture during brief sallies from an exposed perch.
The black-headed trogon excavates its nest in active termitaria in the branches of trees. It lays 2–3 white eggs which are incubated for 17 days. Chicks are capable of flight 16–17 days after hatching.
References
External links
black-headed trogon
Birds of Mexico
Birds of the Yucatán Peninsula
Birds of Belize
Birds of Guatemala
Birds of El Salvador
Birds of Honduras
Birds of Nicaragua
black-headed trogon
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Bribe is a 1949 American film noir directed by Robert Z. Leonard and written by Marguerite Roberts, based on a story written by Frederick Nebel. The drama features Robert Taylor, Ava Gardner, Charles Laughton, and Vincent Price.
Plot
Federal agent Rigby (Robert Taylor) travels to Los Trancos on the island of Carlotta (somewhere off the coast of Central America) to break up a war-surplus aircraft engine racket and finds himself tempted by corruption, namely Elizabeth Hintten (Ava Gardner), a café singer married to Tug Hintten (John Hodiak), a drunken ex-pilot.
Carwood (Vincent Price) is the brains of the outfit, aided and abetted by J.J. Bealer (Charles Laughton) and Hintten.
Cast
Robert Taylor as Rigby
Ava Gardner as Elizabeth Hintten
Charles Laughton as J.J. Bealer
Vincent Price as Carwood
John Hodiak as Tugwell 'Tug' Hintten
Samuel S. Hinds as Dr. Warren
John Hoyt as Gibbs
Martin Garralaga as Pablo Gomez
Reception
Box office
According to MGM records the movie earned $1,559,000 in the U.S. and Canada and $951,000 overseas, resulting in a loss to the studio of $322,000.
Critical reception
Film critic Bosley Crowther lambasted the drama in his film review, writing "If you plan to put down your money to see the Capitol's The Bribe, we suggest that you be prepared to write off this extravagance as a folly and nothing more. For The Bribe is the sort of temptation which Hollywood put in the way of gullible moviegoers about twenty years ago. It's a piece of pure romantic fiction, as lurid as it is absurd. And if it didn't have several big 'names' in it, it would be low-man on a 'grind house' triple-bill...The only hint which the director, Robert Z. Leonard, gives that he may have meant it all as pure nonsense comes at the very end, when he blows up the place with pyrotechnics. That's the one appropriate move in the whole show."
Time Out film guide included the following in their review: "Price and Laughton make a formidable pair of heavies in this otherwise feeble thriller shot on a cheaply rigged-up corner of the MGM backlot. Taylor isn't up to moral dilemma as a US government agent sent to crack illicit aircraft engine trading in the Caribbean, yet tempted by a lucrative cash offer and the irresistible charm of café chanteuse Gardner."
Critic Leslie Halliwell wrote in his film guide "Steamy melodrama with pretensions but only moderate entertainment value despite high gloss. The rogues gallery, however, are impressive."
In the book Cult Movies, Karl French and Philip French write "In classic noir style, the chain smoking Rigby (he has no Christian name) tells most of the story in flashbacks that begin as visions he sees on the rain-lashed window of his hotel room. His voiceover narration continues as he battles with his conscience and tries to retain his honour in a world reeking of corruption. Laughton and Price are splendidly hammy villains and Gardner's nightclub singer is an innocent femme fatale in the manner of Rita Hayworth's Gilda."
In popular culture
Scenes and characters from The Bribe are used in Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid, a 1982 film parody by Carl Reiner, in which Steve Martin's character is named Rigby and is searching for friends and enemies of Carlotta.
References
External links
1949 films
1949 crime drama films
1940s spy films
American crime drama films
American spy films
American black-and-white films
Film noir
Films scored by Miklós Rózsa
Films directed by Robert Z. Leonard
Films set in the Caribbean
Films set on fictional islands
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
The 36th Alabama Infantry Regiment was an infantry regiment that served in the Confederate Army during the American Civil War.
History
The 36th Alabama Infantry Regiment was organized at Mount Vernon Arsenal on 12 May 1862. Robert Hardy Smith was colonel, Lewis Thompson Woodruff lieutenant colonel, and Thomas Hord Herndon major. The regiment spent a month there, and helped build defenses at Oven and Choctaw Bluffs. It was part of the garrison of Mobile, Alabama between August 1862 and April 1863, when it was sent to Tullahoma to join the Army of Tennessee.
At Tullahoma, the 36th Alabama was brigaded under Henry DeLamar Clayton together with the 32nd and 58th Consolidated, 18th, and 38th Alabama Infantry Regiments. Clayton's brigade was part of Alexander P. Stewart's division. The regiment participated in the retreat of the army during the Tullahoma campaign and fought in the Battle of Chickamauga, in which it lost 125 men killed and wounded. The regiment suffered light casualties at Battle of Lookout Mountain but lost a large number in killed, wounded, and captured at the Battle of Missionary Ridge.
The regiment encamped at Dalton with the army during the winter of 1863 to 1864. In the Atlanta campaign, it fought in the Battle of Rocky Face Ridge, Battle of Resaca, Battle of New Hope Church, the Battle of Atlanta. The 36th Alabama lost roughly 300 men in action after departing Dalton, and at the Battle of Jonesboro was involved in particularly heavy fighting, losing a quarter of those present. The regiment went with the army into Middle Tennessee during the Franklin–Nashville Campaign. It lost roughly 60 men at Battle of Nashville but was able to survive as an organized force following the battle.
The regiment and the rest of James T. Holtzclaw's brigade was sent to Mobile to garrison Spanish Fort. In the Mobile campaign it lost 110 killed, wounded, and captured. Following the evacuation of Mobile, the regiment surrendered at Meridian, Mississippi in April 1865. Since the beginning of the Atlanta Campaign, where it had mustered 460 effectives, the regiment had lost 470 men and 21 officers, mostly killed and wounded.
Commanders
Colonel Robert Hardy Smith
Colonel Lewis Thompson Woodruff
Colonel Thomas Hord Herndon
See also
Alabama Civil War Confederate Units
Alabama in the American Civil War
References
Further reading
Hoole, William Stanley. A Historical Sketch of the Thirty-Sixth Alabama Infantry Regiment, 1862-1865. University, Alabama: Confederate Pub. Co, 1986.
External links
36th Regiment, Alabama Infantry, National Park Service
Units and formations of the Confederate States Army from Alabama
1862 establishments in Alabama
Military units and formations established in 1862
Typhoon Kujira, known in the Philippines as Typhoon Amang, was a long-lived tropical cyclone that lasted for 16 days affected the island nations of Micronesia, Taiwan, and Japan in April 2003, as well as the earliest typhoon in a calendar year to ever make landfall on the latter. Forming from a broad area of disturbed weather as a tropical depression on April 9 well removed from any landmasses, Kujira quickly intensified in its early stages, and was upgraded to a tropical storm just two days after cyclogenesis. Strengthening slowed afterwards, though the storm attained typhoon intensity on April 14. Intensification continued and late on April 15, Kujira reached its peak intensity with winds of 165 km/h (105 mph) and a minimum barometric pressure of 930 mbar (hPa; 27.46 inHg). Following peak intensity, Kujira began to track northwest and oscillate in strength, cresting an additional two times in intensity. On April 21, the typhoon was downgraded to tropical storm intensity and began to track erratically for several days east of Taiwan. However, on April 24, Kujira resumed a northward track and begin to weaken, and on April 24 was downgraded to tropical depression strength as it made landfall on Kyushu. Following landfall Kujira transitioned into an extratropical cyclone and continued to persist before these extratropical remnants crossed the International Dateline towards the end of April 2003.
Shortly after developing, Kujira caused two fatalities in Pohnpei in addition to minor agricultural and infrastructure damage; similar effects were felt in Guam. Several days later, the typhoon prompted cyclone warnings and other precautionary measures in the Philippines after forecasts indicated the potential for strong winds and rain. However, effects on the island chain associated with the storm remained minimal. The typhoon also prompted warning products in Taiwan, making it the first April typhoon since 1978 to cause such a feat. Unlike in the Philippines, however, Kujira would bring significant rainfall to Taiwan. Effects from the typhoon were most significant in Japan, particularly in the Ryukyu Islands. Strong winds, rain, and waves caused US$230,000 (¥27.8 million) in agricultural damage on Ishigaki Island. One person was killed due to injuries resulting from the waves. In Kyushu, heavy rainfall, peaking at in Ōita Prefecture, was reported. Overall, despite its distance away from land and weak intensity at the time of its sole landfall, Kujira resulted in three fatalities.
Meteorological history
The systems that would develop into Typhoon Kujira began as a broad area of convection on April 6 centered south of Pohnpei and near the equator. At the time, the area of disturbed weather exhibited multiple circulation centers, and thus the system remained generally disorganized. On April 8, however, the convection began to consolidate towards a common center within an area of low wind shear. As such, both the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) and Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) classified the storm system as a tropical depression at 0000 UTC on April 9. For much of the cyclone's early existence, the low-level circulation center remained east of the primary convection cell as it tracked northward. Nonetheless, the JTWC upgraded the depression to tropical storm intensity just six hours after cyclogenesis, while the JMA continued to classify the system as a tropical depression.
Intensification was more gradual following April 9. At 0000 UTC on April 11, the JMA upgraded the system to tropical storm intensity, thus identifying it with the name Kujira. At roughly the same time, Kujira began to curve towards a westward track due to a high pressure area to the north. Concurrently the ambient wind shear abated and the storm further consolidated, allowing for quicker strengthening. Throughout the following day, Kujira developed a banding eye feature that would later consolidate into a distinct circular eye; this was reflected with an upgrade to typhoon status by both the JTWC and JMA at 1800 UTC on April 12 and 0000 UTC on April 14, respectively. On April 14, a shortwave trough caused Kujira to track slightly more northwestward. Marked intensification continued, and late on April 15, the JTWC upgraded the typhoon to super typhoon intensity, the first of the year, while Kujira was located 400 km (250 mi) north-northwest of Yap State. At roughly the same time Kujira reached its peak intensity with winds of 165 km/h (105 mph). Estimated 1-minute sustained winds at that time were 250 km/h (155 mph), equivalent to that of a Category 4 hurricane on the Saffir–Simpson wind scale. Following peak intensity, Kujira continued to track westward as it entered the area of responsibility of the Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration (PAGASA) at 1200 UTC on April 16, and as such the name Amang was assigned to the typhoon by the agency.
On April 17, the tropical cyclone began to track slightly southwestward and encountered an area of dry air and enhanced wind shear, thus temporarily weakening Kujira. Despite the prolonged effects from these inhibitors, the typhoon restrengthened to a secondary peak intensity the following day. Though the JTWC indicated a significant increase in maximum sustained winds, the intensification was only reflected by the JMA with a slight drop in barometric pressure. Over the next two days Kujira would begin to track more northward due to a weakness in the nearby subtropical ridge and oscillate in strength due to an eyewall replacement cycle; a tertiary peak in strength occurred on April 20 before subsequent weakening. This trend continued, and at 1800 UTC on April 21, both the JMA and JTWC downgraded Kujira to tropical storm status. Following the system's downgrade, Kujira became quasi-stationary due to the presence of two nearby high pressure areas, and its motion became erratic. Despite hostile atmospheric conditions, the tropical storm remained intact with persistent, deep convection and organized rainbands. Late on April 23, however, the cyclone began to drift towards the north as it made its closest approach to Taiwan. Throughout the following day, Kujira continued to accelerate towards the northeast and weaken at the same time. At 1200 UTC on April 24, PAGASA ceased issuing advisories on the storm as it had exited the agency's area of responsibility. At 0300 UTC the next day, the JMA downgraded the storm to tropical depression intensity while the JTWC ceased monitoring of the system three hours later. At roughly the same time, Kujira made landfall near Ushibuka, Kumamoto at the same intensity. Weakening continued, and the JMA continued to classify the system as a tropical depression until 1200 UTC on April 25, when it transitioned into an extratropical cyclone. The JMA continued to track the extratropical remnants of Kujira until they crossed the International Dateline on April 30.
Preparations and impact
Shortly after forming, Kujira tracked near Pohnpei, resulting in heavy rainfall across the island, peaking at 250 mm (10 in). Despite the typhoon's far distance from the island, two people were killed – one died after being crushed by a prostrated tree, while the other was killed offshore for unknown reasons. It also caused minor damage to buildings and crops on the island. The outer rainbands of the typhoon later brought gale-force winds and heavy precipitation as it passed well south of Guam. Afterwards, the storm remained well removed from landmasses for a period of time. On April 18, however, PAGASA issued a public storm warning signal No. 1 for Catanduanes in the Philippines due to the likelihood for gusty winds and rainfall. As Kujira neared the archipelago, the No. 1 warning was expanded to include the Babuyan Islands while a No. 2 warning was introduced for the Batanes Islands in northern Philippines. In preparation for the typhoon, the National Disaster Coordinating Council readied regional disaster coordinating councils and contingency plans while the Armed Forces of the Philippines prepared for any potential emergency situation. The Philippine Coast Guard patrolled Filipino waters throughout Kujira's close passage in order to redirect ships away from the typhoon. Though the typhoon had also threatened to cancel the biennial San Fernando Race, the concurrent SARS outbreak which had impacted the Philippines ultimately resulted in its cancelling. Eventually any effects in the Philippines remained minimal.
As Kujira began to track towards Taiwan, the Taiwanese government issued land- and sea-based warnings in advance of the storm. The local weather bureau specifically alerted vessels off the southern and southeastern coasts of the island. Continued strengthening of Kujira prompted the Central Weather Bureau to issue medium typhoon warnings for several portions of Taiwan, though these warnings were downgraded to light typhoon status following the subsequent weakening of the typhoon on April 22. This made Kujira the first April typhoon to prompt the issuance of any cyclone-related warnings in Taiwan since 1978. Impacts on the island were expected to be limited to rainfall, though the forecasted precipitation was also expected to lessen ongoing drought conditions. However, mudslides were also a potential impact from the typhoon. The National Fire Administration and Taiwan Power Company developed a contingency plan for the typhoon and had also undertaken other precautionary measures. Airports on Orchid Island and Green Island were closed. The resultant rainfall from Kujira's outer rainbands would be some of the most significant for the island in several months.
Effects from Kujira in Japan were of the greatest extent as opposed to other regions. Several flights were cancelled due to poor visibility in Ehime Prefecture as a result of cloudy conditions onset by the nearby typhoon, and roughly 1,800 passengers were affected by these cancellations. Similar flight delays and cancellations also occurred in Kōchi Prefecture. As Kujira approached Japan, the storm brought rough seas to the Ryukyu Islands, where wave heights of were recorded. In Okinawa, a woman was swept away by the wave action. Though she was later rescued and transported to a nearby hospital, she later died of resulting injuries. Further south, on Ishigaki Island, intense rainfall and near-record high wind gusts were reported. These combined effects caused US$230,000 (¥27.8 million) in agricultural damage spread out over an area of 190 ha (460 acres). However, the heaviest rainfall associated with Kujira in Japan were on Kyushu. There, precipitation peaked at in Shakadake, Ōita Prefecture. Five other locations, all of which were on Kyushu, reported rainfall totals in excess of . Upon its final landfall near Ushibuka, Kumamoto, Kujira became the earliest typhoon in any given calendar year to make landfall in Japan.
See also
List of near-Equatorial tropical cyclones
Typhoon Maysak (2015)
Typhoon Rita (1972)
Typhoon Nat (1991)
Typhoon Meari (2004)
Notes
References
External links
JMA General Information of Typhoon Kujira (0302) from Digital Typhoon
JMA Best Track Data of Typhoon Kujira (0302)
JMA Best Track Data (Graphics) of Typhoon Kujira (0302)
JMA Best Track Data (Text)
JTWC Best Track Data of Super Typhoon 02W (Kujira)
02W.KUJIRA from the U.S. Naval Research Laboratory
2003 Pacific typhoon season
Typhoons in Japan
Typhoons
Kujira
This is a list of Ukrainian football transfers in the summer transfer window 2009 by club. Only transfers of the Premier League, 1st League and 2nd League are included.
Premier League
FC Arsenal Kyiv
In:
Out:
FC Chornomorets Odessa
In:
Out:
FC Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk
In:
Out:
FC Dynamo Kyiv
In:
Out:
FC Illichivets Mariupol
In:
Out:
FC Karpaty Lviv
In:
Out:
FC Kryvbas Kryvyi Rih
In:
Out:
FC Metalist Kharkiv
In:
Out:
FC Metalurh Donetsk
In:
Out:
FC Metalurh Zaporizhzhia
In:
Chung-Ang University
Out:
FC Obolon Kyiv
In:
Out:
FC Shakhtar Donetsk
In:
Out:
SC Tavriya Simferopol
In:
Out:
FC Vorskla Poltava
In:
Out:
FC Zorya Luhansk
In:
Out:
FC Zakarpattia Uzhhorod
In:
Out:
First League
FC Desna Chernihiv
In:
Out:
FC Dniester Ovidiopol
In:
Out:
FC Dynamo-2 Kyiv
In:
Out:
FC Enerhetyk Burshtyn
In:
Out:
FC Feniks-Illychovets Kalinine
In:
Out:
FC Kharkiv
In:
Out:
FC Helios Kharkiv
In:
Out:
FC Ihroservice Simferopol
In:
Out:
FC Krymteplitsia Molodizhne
In:
Out:
FC Lviv
In:
Out:
FC Naftovyk-Ukrnafta Okhtyrka
In:
Out:
FC Nyva Ternopil
In:
Out:
PFC Olexandria
In:
Out:
FSC Prykarpattya Ivano-Frankivsk
In:
Out:
PFC Sevastopol
In:
Out:
FC Stal Alchevsk
In:
Out:
FC Volyn Lutsk
In:
Out:
Ukrainian Second League
Druha A
FC Arsenal Bila Tserkva
In:
Out:
FC Bastion Illichivsk
In:
Out:
FC Bukovyna Chernivtsi
In:
Out:
FC CSKA Kyiv
In:
Out:
FC Dnipro Cherkasy
In:
Out:
FC Karpaty-2 Lviv
In:
Out:
FC Knyazha-2 Schaslyve
In:
Out:
FC Korosten
In:
Out:
MFK Mykolaiv
In:
Out:
FC Nafkom Brovary
In:
Out:
PFC Nyva Vinnytsia
In:
Out:
FC Obolon-2 Kyiv
In:
Out:
FC Podillya-Khmelnytskyi
In:
Out:
FC Ros' Bila Tserkva
In:
Out:
FC Veres Rivne
In:
Out:
FC Yednist' Plysky
In:
Out:
Druha B
FC Arsenal Kharkiv
In:
Out:
FC Dnipro-75 Dnipropetrovsk
In:
Out:
FC Hirnik Kryvyi Rih
In:
Out:
FC Hirnyk-Sport Komsomolsk
In:
Out:
FC Illichivets-2 Mariupol
In:
Out:
FC Kremin Kremenchuk
In:
Out:
FC Metalurh-2 Zaporizhzhia
In:
Out:
FC Olkom Melitopol
In:
Out:
FC Olimpik Donetsk
In:
Out:
FC Poltava
In:
Out:
PFC Sevastopol-2
In:
Out:
FC Shakhtar Sverdlovsk
In:
Out:
FC Shakhtar-3 Donetsk
In:
Out:
FC Stal Dniprodzerzhynsk
In:
Out:
FC Titan Armyansk
In:
Out:
FC Titan Donetsk
In:
Out:
FC Sumy
In:
Out:
FC Zirka Kirovohrad
In:
Out:
See also
Ukrainian Premier League 2008-09
Ukrainian First League 2008-09
Ukrainian Second League 2008-09
References
External links
Ukrainian Football Premier League- official site
Professional football league of Ukraine – official site
Football Federation of Ukraine – official site
Ukrainian Soccer Fan Club (ukrainiansoccer.net) – amateur's site
UA:Football:News. Ukrainian Football
Ukrainian
Transfers
2009
The Royal Commission into Joshua Arthur (FebruaryAugust 1953) or Doyle Royal Commission, formally called the "Royal Commission of Inquiry into matters relating to Joshua George Arthur and Reginald Aubrey Doyle" was a royal commission in New South Wales initiated by the Cahill government to investigate allegations against Joshua Arthur, the Secretary for Mines and Minister for Immigration.
Background and Terms of Reference
On 9 February 1953, William Wentworth, a NSW member of federal parliament, aired allegations concerning Arthur's associations with Reginald Aubrey Doyle, a conman who was wanted on fraud charges concerning forged shares in Placer Development Ltd. Doyle had a lengthy criminal history, having been sentenced to 9 terms of imprisonment between 1931 and 1940, for a total of 36 years, however many of the terms were concurrent and he was released in 1942. In April 1951 Doyle was convicted of three customs offences, claiming that a 1949 Buick was a gift to him. While Doyle was fined , the car was seized from the subsequent purchaser, before being returned in February 1953. Another Buick, with the NSW registration number AHB 405 was alleged to have been parked by Doyle or his wife at Parliament House, where Doyle was said to have used Arthur's room to operate his motor vehicle import business. While Doyle possessed the vehicle, the High Court later held that it was not owned by him.
Arthur voluntarily stood down as a minister while declaring he would fight to clear his name, and the state government set up a royal commission into the allegations, to be conducted by Judge George Amsberg of the District Court.
The terms of reference for the commission were to investigate:(1) Whether Joshua George Arthur acted corruptly or improperly in any association or dealing with Reginald Aubrey Doyle.
(2) Whether any member of either House of Parliament of New South Wales or any officer or person employed in or about the Parliamentary Establishment made available to Reginald Aubrey Doyle the use of any office or room in that establishment or the use of any telephone in that establishment or elsewhere.
(3)(a) Whether any Motor Car owned by Reginald Aubrey Doyle or by his wife was at any time or times parked in any parking area at Parliament House: if so, whether he or his wife was granted authority or leave to park such Motor Car in such parking area, and by whom and at whose request such authority or leave was granted.
(b) Whether the Motor Car bearing the registered Number AHB 405 was parked in such parking area on the second or third day of February,1953 and if so, by whom an in what circumstances was it moved.
(4)(a) Whether on or about the sixth day of February, 1953, a slip bearing what purported to be an authority or leave to park in the parking area at Parliament House Motor Cars bearing the registration numbers AHB.405 and AEZ.728 was included in or attached to the list supplied to and held by the member of the Police force in charge of that parking area.
(b) If so, then
(i) By whom and in what circumstance did such authority or leave purport to be granted and by whom was it issued.
(ii) Whether such slip was removed from such list, and if so, by whom, at whose directions, and in what circumstances.
(5)(a) Whether Joshua George Arthur or any other Minister of the Government of New South Wales or of the Commonwealth is now or has been at any time during his tenure of office as a Minister a shareholder in a company named Constructors (Engineering and Industrial) Limited; and if so, whether all or any such shares are or were held by him beneficially; what is or has been the extent of such interest; and what profits or benefits (if any) have accrued to him by reason of such interest.
(b) Whether the company named Constructors (Engineering and Industrial) Limited or any company in which that company holds any interest has entered into any contract or contracts with the Joint Coal Board or any subsidiary of the Joint Coal Board: and if so -
(i) what was the nature of such contract or contracts: in what circumstances was it or were they entered into, and to what extent (if any) has the company or any such company as aforesaid benefited under such contract or contracts.
(ii) Whether Joshua George Arthur or any other Minister of the Government of New South Wales or of the Commonwealth has acted corruptly or improperly in any way in reference to such contract or contracts.
The allegations were made less than a week before the 1953 New South Wales state election. Arthur was the member for Kahibah, in the region, which was a safe Labor seat. with a margin of 19.3%. He retained the seat at the election on 14 February, with a reduced margin of 14.7%. Doyle was bankrupted with debts of more than £100,000, imprisoned for contempt of court for failing to reveal the whereabouts of $9,000, and then pleaded guilty to 15 charges of fraud, forgery, utering and stealing in relation to the Placer Development shares, for which he was sentenced to 10 years in prison.
Commission term, proceedings, recommendations and report
Hearings commenced on 25 March 1953 and the Commissioner conducted public hearings on 35 days, with evidence given by 54 witnesses and 79 exhibits were tendered. Counsel assisting was Harold Snelling , Arthur was represented by Eric Miller while Wentworth was represented by Richard Ashburner . As well as determining the facts, the commission had to decide the legal standard that applied to determine if conduct was corrupt or improper. Miller sought to apply a narrow meaning, limited to a breach of the criminal law, while counsel assisting submitted that it had a wider meaning. The Commission did not decide this issue as he concluded that on either approach Arthur's conduct was not corrupt. The Commission accepted that "improper" meant:Conduct which is discreditable, dishonourable, disreputable or seriously reprehensible on the part of a person occupying the position of a Minister of the Crown; or conduct which is a serious or substantial breach of recognised standards of rectitude and decency to be expected of a person fulfilling the office of a Cabinet Minister, and such as would meet with general condemnation by right-minded citizens.
Reference 1
The report concluded in relation to the principal allegation that:(a) In view of what has been said earlier, I find that Joshua George Arthur did not act corruptly in any dealing or association with Reginald Aubrey Doyle.
(b) I find that Joshua George Arthur acted improperly in the following associations and dealings with Reginald Aubrey Doyle:
(i) Mr. Arthur in his dealings with Mr. Doyle, after knowledge Mr. Doyle's misappropriation of the £1,400 referred to in paragraph (4)(d) above, acted improperly within the meaning of the definition I have accepted as the correct one. Mr. Arthur had, as I have stated above, the knowledge I have referred to as a "background circumstance" ... and the knowledge of Mr. Doyle's conduct ... Mr. Arthur must have realised, by early 1952, also, that Mr. Doyle was not of the financial standing that Mr. Doyle had led Mr. Arthur to believe that he was. Mr. Arthur knew, very early in 1952, that Mr. Doyle had bought a vehicle from Construction Services Ltd., through the Australian Guarantee Corporation on hire purchase, and that he was quite unable to pay his gambling debts. By reason of these matters, the veneer of wealth and respectability assumed by Mr. Doyle must have worn thin, almost, if not entirely, to vanishing point, and Mr. Arthur must have realised this and, it must have been driven home to Mr. Arthur's mind that Mr. Doyle was a completely worthless individual, void of rectitude and undeserving of any kind of trust or confidence which might be reposed in him. Mr. Arthur's subsequent acts of commission and of omission in this regard ... I find, pass the bounds of mere indiscretion, un-wisdom or foolishness, and were discreditable or seriously reprehensible in a person occupying the position of a Minister of the Crown, and constituted a substantial breach of the recognised standards of right dealing to be expected of a Minister of the Crown.
(ii) The dealings and transactions ... are, I find, such as brings Mr. Arthur's conduct in relation thereto also precisely within the definition of "improper conduct". It amounts to a grave departure from recognised standards of rectitude to be expected of a Minister of the Crown, and is such as would meet with condemnation by right-minded citizens and was dishonourable.
(iii) The association and dealing by Mr. Arthur with Mr. Doyle in relation to Mr. Crowe are, too, on the facts as I have found them, "Improper". Indeed, Mr. Miller conceded that if Mr. Arthur had known that Mr. Doyle had had criminal convictions, it would be improper on his part to have given Mr. Doyle, in effect, a reference as to character, or to do anything which would have given a-cachet or standing of respectability and worth to Mr. Doyle. There is no real distinction, for this purpose, between knowledge that Mr. Doyle actually had convictions, and the sure and certain knowledge of him which Mr. Arthur at that time possessed. Mr. Arthur's conduct, in this aspect, also, must be regarded as a serious departure from recognised standards of right-dealing to be expected of a Cabinet Minister, and is such as would undoubtedly meet with general condemnation by right-minded citizens, and was not honourable.
(c) I therefore answer the question propounded in term 1 of Your Excellency's reference as follows:- Not corruptly, but improperly in relation to the matters set out above.
Reference 2
The report concluded that apart from limited instances in which John Seiffert had made his rooms available to Doyle, no other employee or Member of Parliament except Arthur had made rooms or telephones available to him. The Commissioner concluded that Seffiert had probably allowed Doyle to use his rooms merely as a courtesy, as he assumed that Doyle was in Parliament House on legitimate business.
Reference 3
The commission found that cars belonging to and Mrs Doyle were parked in the Parliament House car park on a number of occasions, but no specific authorisation was given and Mrs Doyle simply took advantage of the custom to waive the strict rule regarding parking in the Parliament House car park for those who had dealings with Ministers. Doyle had given the impression to the Police in charge of parking that both he and his wife were in Parliament on legitimate business.
Reference 4
The commission found that the car bearing the registration number AHB 405 was moved by Mrs Doyle at 11:30 on 2 February 1953 at the request of Mr Doyle. He also concluded that the Parliament House parking authorisation list had been altered to allow cars with registration number AHB 405, AEZ 728 to park in the parking area, and then subsequently removed. There was not enough evidence however, to determine who granted the authority. There was also not enough evidence to determine "by whom or at whose direction such slip was removed, nor the circumstances in which was removed".
Reference 5
The report concluded that Arthur had beneficially held shares up until approximately November 1953, in Constructors (Engineering and Industrial) Limited whilst he was Minister for Mines, except for 12,000 shares which he transferred to his former wife and two children as part of a divorce settlement and had made a profit of over £2,000 on the shares. The Commission also found evidence of a small holding in the company by Mr Renshaw, the Minister for Lands, but concluded that "No other Minister of the Government of New South Wales or of the Commonwealth is now or has been at any time during his tenure of office as a Minister a shareholder in Constructors (Engineering and Industrial) Limited." The Commission concluded that Constructors (Engineering and Industrial) Ltd. and its subsidiaries had entered into several contracts with the Joint Coal Board (and its subsidiary companies). All of these contracts were considered to be perfectly legitimate by the Commission. The Commission concluded that Mr Arthur had not acted corruptly, or improperly either in his shareholding with Constructor (Engineering and Industrial) Limited, or in reference to the contracts that the company had with the Joint Coal Board, as he probably had acquired shares in the company without any knowledge of a potential contractual arrangement between the Joint Coal Board and the company, or before any business relations had been conducted between the two companies.
Aftermath
After the report was tabled in the Legislative Assembly, Arthur spoke for 75 minutes in his defence, before tendering his resignation as the member for Kahibah, stating his intention to contest the resulting by-election. The matter of his continued membership of the Labor was initially undecided, but when it became clear that the state executive would not support him, Arthur announced that he would resign from the party and not contest the by-election. This was insufficient for the executive, who rejected his resignation and formally expelled him from the party on 22 August. The surprise Labor candidate for the by-election was Joshua Arthur Sr., the 71-year-old father of the outgoing member, which Antony Green described as a snub by local party branches to the Labor Party. Arthur Sr was soundly defeated, finishing third and the seat won by independent Tom Armstrong.
Doyle remained an undischarged bankrupt in 1964, when he was charged with fraud involving £160,000 of bogus invoices, and was sentenced to a further 12 years in prison.
References
Arthur Joshua, Royal Commission into
Miłogostowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kunice, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
References
Villages in Legnica County
Vejle Boldklub Kolding (Vejle Kolding or VB Kolding) was a short lived professional Danish football club. The club played two seasons in the Danish 1st Division before being dissolved in 2013.
The club was founded in June 2011, when Vejle Boldklub and Kolding FC merged.
The club was dissolved in June 2013 and split into Vejle Boldklub and Kolding IF.
External links
Official site
Vejle Kolding
Association football clubs established in 2011
Vejle Municipality
2011 establishments in Denmark
Vejle Boldklub
Kolding IF
School of Paris refers to the many manuscript illuminators, whose identities are mostly unknown, who made Paris an internationally important centre of illumination throughout the Romanesque and Gothic periods of the Middle Ages, and for some time into the Renaissance. Among the most famous of these artists were Master Honoré, Jean Pucelle and Jean Fouquet.
The Limbourg brothers, originally from the Netherlands, also spent time in Paris, as well as Burgundy and Bourges, but their style is not typical of the School of Paris of the day.
Many of the painters in Parisian workshops were women. Gradually, especially from 1440 onwards, Parisian illuminators lost international customers, such as the English elites, to their Flemish competitors, based in particular in Bruges and Ghent. Around the same time Tours became for a time the most important French centre.
See also
Master of Robert Gaguin
Ravenelle Hours
Notesferences
References
Jones, Susan. “Manuscript Illumination in Northern Europe.” In Heilbrunn Timeline of Art History. New York: The Metropolitan Museum of Art, 2000–. online, (October 2002)
French art
French illustrators
Manuscript illuminators
The Return of Hwang Geum-bok () is a 2015 South Korean daily drama starring Shin Da-eun, Lee Elijah, Kim Jin-woo and Jung Eun-woo. It aired on SBS on Mondays to Fridays at 19:20 for 125 episodes from June 8 to December 11, 2015.
Synopsis
Hwang Geum-bok (Shin Da-eun) searches for her mother, Hwang Eun-sil (Jeon Mi-seon), who goes missing during a trip to Japan with her friend Baek Ri-hyang (Shim Hye-jin). Her search reveal the secrets behind her mother's mysterious disappearance.
Cast
Main characters
Shin Da-eun as Hwang Geum-bok
Lee Elijah as Baek Ye-ryung
Kim Jin-woo as Seo In-woo
Jung Eun-woo as Kang Moon-hyuk
Jeon Mi-seon as Hwang Eun-sil
Kim Hye-yoon as young Hwang Eun-sil (Ep. #7)
Supporting characters
Shim Hye-jin as Baek Ri-hyang
Kim Na-woon as Oh Mal-ja
Jeon No-min as Kang Tae-joong
Lee Hye-sook as Cha Mi-yeon
Sunwoo Jae-duk as Kim Kyung-soo
Kim Young-ok as Wang Yeo-sa
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Seoul Broadcasting System television dramas
Korean-language television shows
2015 South Korean television series debuts
2015 South Korean television series endings
South Korean romance television series
South Korean melodrama television series
The water skiing competition at the 2018 Mediterranean Games in Tarragona took place on 23 and 24 June at Marina Port Tarraco.
Medal summary
Events
Medal table
References
External links
Waterski results at Tarragona 2018
Waterskiing
2018
Med
Álvaro de Luna y Fernández de Jarava (between 1388 and 13902 June 1453), was a Castilian statesman, favourite of John II of Castile. He served as Constable of Castile and as Grand Master of the Order of Santiago. He earned great influence in the Crown's affairs in the wake of his support to John II against the so-called Infantes of Aragon. Once he lost the protection of the monarch, he was executed in Valladolid in 1453.
Early years
He was born between 1388 and 1390 in Cañete, in what is now the province of Cuenca, as the illegitimate son of the Castilian noble don Álvaro Martínez de Luna, copero mayor (the page who poured drinks for a nobleman) of King Henry III of Castile, and María Fernández de Jarana, a woman of great character and beauty.
He was introduced to the court as a page by his uncle Pedro V de Luna, Archbishop of Toledo in 1410. Álvaro soon secured a commanding influence over John II, then a boy. During the regency of King John's uncle Ferdinand, which ended in 1412, he was not allowed to be more than a servant. When, however, Ferdinand was elected king of Aragon, and the regency was assumed by the king's mother, Catherine of Lancaster, daughter of John of Gaunt, and granddaughter of King Peter of Castile, Álvaro became a very important person, the so-called "contino", or old friend of the King.
Álvaro de Luna married Elvira de Portocarrero in 1420. They had no issue. In 1430, he married , with whom he had two children.
The King's favourite
The young King regarded him with love and affection which the superstition of later time attributed to witchcraft. As the King was under pressure by greedy and unscrupulous nobles — among whom his cousins, the sons of Ferdinand, commonly known as the Infantes of Aragon, were perhaps the most dangerous — his reliance on a favourite who had every motive to be loyal to him, is quite understandable. Luna was also a master of all the accomplishments the King admired: a fine horseman, skillful with a lance and a writer of court verse. But beyond the purview of his peers, he was a master of intrigue and dissimulation.
Until he lost the King's protection, Álvaro was the central figure of the Castilian history of the time. It was a period of constant conflict, characterised by shifting coalitions of nobles, namely the Infantes of Aragon Henry and John of Aragon, brothers of John II's wife Maria, who, under the pretence of freeing the King from the undue influence of his favourite, were intent on making a puppet of him for their own ends.
The part which Álvaro de Luna played has been diversely judged. The Encyclopædia Britannica Eleventh Edition recounts that to Juan de Mariana he appears as a mere self-seeking favourite. To others, he has seemed to be a loyal servant of the King who endeavoured to enforce the authority of the crown, which in Castile was the only alternative to anarchy. He fought for his own ends, but his supremacy was perhaps better than the rule of lawless alliances of plundering nobles.
In 1427, he was solemnly expelled by a coalition of the nobles, only to be recalled in the following year. In 1431, he endeavoured to employ the restless nobles in a campaign for the reconquest of Granada, the remaining territory of Muslim Spain and then ruled by the sultan Muhammed IX. Some successes were gained at the Battle of La Higueruela, but in the end de Luna failed. A consistent policy was impossible with a rebellious aristocracy and a king of indolent character.
In 1445, the faction of nobles allied with Álvaro's main enemies, the Infantes of Aragon, were defeated at the First Battle of Olmedo. One of them, Infante Henry, Duke of Villena, brother of the Queen, died of his wounds. Luna, who had been Constable of Castile and Count of San Esteban de Gormaz since 1423, became Grand Master of the Order of Santiago by election of the Knights.
Downfall
Queen Maria died under suspicious circumstances, pointing to Luna as the mastermind. Nevertheless, his power appeared to be thoroughly established. It was, however, based only on the personal affection of the King. The King's second wife, Isabella of Portugal, although her whole royal marriage was a product of Luna's arrangements, was soon offended by the immense influence of the Constable, and when the murder of the King's accountant Alfonso Pérez de Vivero was suspected to have been at Luna's orders, she urged her husband to free himself from thralldom to his favourite. In 1453, the King succumbed to his wife's demands; Luna was arrested, tried and condemned to death, and soon executed by beheading at Valladolid on 2 June 1453.
Marriage and issue
By his marriage with Juana Pimentel, Álvaro de Luna had two children:
; married Leonor de Zuniga y Lara, daughter of the Duke of Béjar.
, the heiress after her brother's premature death. She married Íñigo López de Mendoza y Luna, 2nd Duke of the Infantado.
By Margarita Manuel, Álvaro de Luna had a natural son:
. He was eventually legitimised.
References
Informational notes
Citations
Bibliography
Further reading
1380s births
1453 deaths
People from the Province of Cuenca
Spanish politicians
Counts of San Esteban de Gormaz
Lords of Cuéllar
Knights of Santiago
Executed Spanish people
People executed by Spain by decapitation
Grand Masters of the Order of Santiago
Augšdaugava Municipality (, "upper Daugava municipality") is one of the 35 municipalities established in Latvia in 2021. It surrounds the independent city of Daugavpils and its municipal headquarters are located there. Its first elected municipal council has taken office on 1 July 2021.
Geography
Augšdaugava Municipality covers an area of . It is located in the southwestern part of the Latgale region in eastern Latvia, and surrounds the city of Daugavpils on all sides. It borders Jēkabpils Municipality to the northwest, Līvāni Municipality to the north, Preiļi Municipality to the northeast, and Krāslava Municipality to the east. It also borders the Lithuanian counties of Panevėžys and Utena to the west and southwest respectively, and Vitebsk Region in Belarus to the southeast. The southernmost point of Latvia is located on the border with Lithuania in Demene Parish, and is commemorated with a nearby sculpture by .
The Augšzeme ("highland") region is located in the south-central part of the municipality and is a Protected Landscape with an area of . and are found within the protected area. Also located in the area is , the highest point of the municipality with an elevation of above sea level. It is the site of a ski resort.
The Daugava flows into the municipality from the east and turns north at Daugavpils. The Daugava valley east of Daugavpils is a Protected Landscape Area which extends into Krāslava Municipality.
A third Protected Landscape Area located in the northern part of the municipality is Nīcgale forest in Nīcgale Parish. The is located on its eastern boundary and is the largest glacial erratic known in Latvia with a volume of approximately .
History
Augšdaugava Municipality corresponds in extent to the former Daugavpils District as it existed from 1967 to 2009. In the 2009 territorial reforms, Daugavpils District was divided into the municipalities of Daugavpils and Ilūkste. In 2020, the Saeima approved reducing the number of administrative divisions at the municipal level from 119 to 42, including rejoining the municipalities of Daugavpils and Ilūkste to form Augšdaugava Municipality. Elections for Latvia's new municipal councils were held on 5 June 2021, and the new municipalities including Augšdaugava went into effect on 1 July 2021.
Administration
Augšdaugava Municipality elected 15 councillors in the 2021 local elections. The municipality is to form joint authorities with the city of Daugavpils for the administration of civil protection, education, and waste management.
The municipality is subdivided into two towns and 25 parishes:
Towns
Ilūkste
Subate
Parishes
Ambeļi Parish
Bebrene Parish
Biķernieki Parish
Demene Parish
Dubna Parish
Dviete Parish
Eglaine Parish
Kalkūne Parish
Kalupe Parish
Laucesa Parish
Līksna Parish
Maļinova Parish
Medumi Parish
Naujene Parish
Nīcgale Parish
Pilskalne Parish
Prode Parish
Saliena Parish
Šēdere Parish
Skrudaliena Parish
Svente Parish
Tabore Parish
Vabole Parish
Vecsaliena Parish
Višķi Parish
Demographics
The Central Statistical Bureau of Latvia estimated a population of 25,927 living in what is now Augšdaugava Municipality at the beginning of 2021. This represented a 39% decrease from its estimated population of 42,483 at the beginning of 2000, and a 22% decrease from its estimated population of 33,222 at the beginning of 2011.
The populations of the towns of Ilūkste and Subate were estimated to be 2169 and 596 respectively at the beginning of 2021.
Economy and infrastructure
Augšdaugava is primarily an agricultural municipality: in 2005, 71% of the total area of the former Daugavpils District was used for agricultural purposes, mainly cereal and cattle farming. The municipality is served by national roads A6, which connects Daugavpils to Jēkabpils and Riga to the northwest, and Krāslava and the Belarusian border to the east; A13, which runs from the Lithuanian border southwest of Daugavpils through Daugavpils and Rēzekne and the Russian border northeast of Kārsava; and A14, a western bypass of Daugavpils. The Riga–Daugavpils gas pipeline and the defunct Unecha–Polotsk–Ventspils branch of the Druzhba oil pipeline also run through the municipality. Daugavpils International Airport is located at Lociki in Augšdaugava Municipality northeast of Daugavpils.
References
Municipalities of Latvia
2021 establishments in Latvia
States and territories established in 2021
Qualifying Investor Alternative Investment Fund or QIAIF is a Central Bank of Ireland regulatory classification established in 2013 for Ireland's five tax-free legal structures for holding assets. The Irish Collective Asset-management Vehicle or ICAV is the most popular of the five Irish QIAIF structures, it is the main tax-free structure for foreign investors holding Irish assets.
In 2018, the Central Bank of Ireland expanded the Loan Originating QIAIF or L–QIAIF regime which enables the five tax-free structures to be used for closed-end debt instruments. The L–QIAIF is Ireland's main debt–based BEPS tool as it overcomes the lack of confidentiality and tax secrecy of the Section 110 SPV. It is asserted that many assets in QIAIFs and LQIAIFs are Irish assets being shielded from Irish taxation. Irish QIAIFs and LQIAIFs can be integrated with Irish corporate base erosion and profit shifting ("BEPS") tax tools to create confidential routes out of the Irish tax system to Ireland's main Sink OFC, Luxembourg.
In March 2019, the UN identified Ireland's "preferential tax regimes" for foreign funds on Irish assets as affecting the human rights of tenants in Ireland.
Features
Irish QIAIFs are subject to the EU Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive 2011 (“AIFMD”) which lays out detailed rules on the process of constructing (e.g. diversification, leverage), managing (e.g. AIFM approved managers), and marketing (e.g. qualifying investors) of QIAIFs in Europe. However, the following are considered the most important features specific to Irish QIAIFs:
As at 2016, €435 billion in alternative assets were held in Irish QIAIFs. Ireland is the fourth-largest domicile for Alternative Investment Funds ("AIF") in the EU with 9.9% of the €4.4 trillion EU AIF market, behind Germany (31.7%), France (21.3%) and Luxembourg (13%). It is asserted that a material amount of QIAIF assets (or AIF assets) are Irish assets being shielded from Irish taxation.
ICAV
Each of the five QIAIF legal wrappers have attributes designed for different uses. However, outside of entities that need the specific attributes of a trust law (and will use the Unit Trust QIAIF), or can only use a full company structure (and will use a VCC QIAIF), the ICAV is expected to be the dominant QIAIF wrapper.
ICAV (or Irish Collective Asset-management Vehicle). Launched in 2014 for U.S. investors to avoid both U.S. tax and Irish tax on Irish investments; ICAVs became the most popular Irish structure for avoiding Irish taxes on Irish assets; ICAVs meet the U.S. “check-the-box” entity criteria (i.e. the ICAV is shielded from U.S. tax); ICAV filings are confidential to the Central Bank (e.g. no public CRO filings; ICAV governance rules are the weakest of all wrappers and having their own legal identity exempts them from some aspects Irish and EU company law; ICAVs are shown to be superior tax avoidance wrappers to the Cayman Island SPCs, and there are provisions to migrate from Cayman/BVI wrappers; most new Irish QIAIFs are structured as ICAVs.
Variable Capital Company ("VCC") (or Investment Company or PLC). An Irish company subject to Irish and EU company law; must have asset diversification; cannot "check-the-box" for U.S. investors (which makes it ineffective for U.S. investors holding Irish assets compared to an ICAV); requires substantive governance procedures and reporting requirements; required to file public CRO accounts (and can be scrutinised by the Irish financial media); the VCC is less popular since the introduction of ICAVs in 2014 and is rarely used for new Irish QIAIFs.
Unit Trust. Dates from 1990 and offers similar features to the ICAV (e.g. U.S. "check-the-box" functionality, no risk spreading, light governance); unlike an ICAV, it cannot be self-managed and must have an AIFM; Irish trust law has complex tax planning features (e.g. separation of legal and beneficial ownership) which are attractive to individual investors and specific jurisdictions (e.g. U.K. and Japan).
Common Contractual Fund ("CCF"). Established in 2003 for pensions funds to comingle, or pool, assets but maintain full legal segregation of the assets; it is an unincorporated body with no legal identity whose existence is the contract between its investors and the manager; the Irish equivalent of the fonds commun de placement ("FCF") structure in Luxembourg.
Investment Limited Partnership ("ILP"). Primarily aimed at private equity–type structures with a General Partner ("GP")/Limited Partner ("LP") system; dates from the 1994 Investment Limited Partnerships Act; like a unit trust or CCF, the ILP is a contract and not a separate legal identity; the ICAV is more popular for private equity funds in Ireland.
L-QIAIF
Ireland is considered by some academic studies to be a major tax haven, and offshore financial centre, with a range of base erosion and profit shifting ("BEPS") tools. Ireland's main debt–based BEPS tool was the Section 110 SPV. However, Irish public tax scandals in 2016 concerning the use of this BEPS tool – involving artificial Irish children's charities – by U.S. distressed funds, assisted by the leading Irish tax-law firms, to avoid billions in Irish taxes damaged its reputation (see Section 110 abuses).
In late 2016, the Central Bank of Ireland began a consultation process to upgrade the little-used L–QIAIF regime. In February 2018, the Central Bank of Ireland changed its AIF "Rulebook" to allow L–QIAIFs to hold the same assets that Section 110 SPVs could own. However, the upgraded L-QIAIFs offered two specific improvements over the Section 110 SPV which make L–QIAIFs a superior Debt–based BEPS tool:
Three months after the Irish Central Bank updated its AIF "Rulebook", the Irish Revenue Commissioners issued new guidance in May 2018 on Section 110 SPV taxation which would further reduce their attractiveness as a mechanism to avoid Irish taxes on Irish assets. In June 2018, the Central Bank of Ireland reported that €55 billion of U.S.-owned distressed Irish assets, equivalent to almost 25% of Irish GNI*, moved out of Section 110 SPVs. The L-QIAIF, and the ICAV wrapper, in particular, is expected to become an important structure for managing Irish tax on Irish assets in a confidential manner.
Ireland has Irish Real Estate Funds (IREFs) for holding direct Irish property which are not tax-free, their holdings relate to Irish quoted REITs (e.g. Green REIT plc), and insurance assets. The investments by US distressed debt funds in Irish property are via loan acquisitions and thus use L-QIAIFs. In addition, foreign investors in Irish property can still use the L-QIAIF by holding via structured loans domiciled abroad, thus also avoiding Irish taxes in a confidential manner.
Abuses
The QIAIF regime has contributed to making the International Financial Services Centre (IFSC) one of the largest fund domiciling and shadow banking locations in Europe. Many asset managers, and particularly alternative investment managers, use Irish QIAIF wrappers in structuring funds. However, fund structuring is a competitive market and other corporate tax havens such as Luxembourg offer equivalent products. It is asserted that many of the assets in Irish QIAIFs are Irish assets, and particularly from the sale of over €100 billion in distressed assets by the Irish State from 2012–2017.
Irish QIAIFs have been used in tax avoidance on Irish assets. It transpired that the regulator of Irish QIAIFs, the Central Bank of Ireland, was paying rent to a U.S. entity using an Irish QIAIF ICAV to avoid Irish taxes on the rent. Irish QIAIFs have been used to circumvent international regulations, on avoiding tax laws in the EU and the U.S. Irish QIAIFs can be combined with Irish corporate BEPS tools (e.g. the Orphaned Super–QIF), to create confidential routes out of the Irish corporate tax system to other tax havens such as Luxembourg, the main Sink OFC for Ireland.
QIAIFs link Ireland's strength as a corporate-focused tax haven, with the world's largest corporate BEPS tools, to more traditional tax haven type activities (why Cayman SPCs are re-domiciling as Irish ICAVs). The launch of the Irish ICAV was widely covered, and praised, by the leading offshore magic circle law firms, the largest of which, Maples and Calder, claimed to have been one of its chief architects.
The ability of foreign institutions to use QIAIFs and the ICAV wrapper, to avoid Irish taxes on Irish assets, has been linked to the bubble in Dublin commercial property, and by implication, the Dublin housing crisis. Despite Dublin's housing crisis, and issues of housing affordability, foreign landlords (also called "cuckoo funds") operate in Ireland on a tax-free basis. It is asserted that property development, and over-inflation of property prices via tax incentives, are favoured historical economic strategies of the two main Irish political parties, Fianna Fáil and Fine Gael.
This risk of QIAIFs was highlighted in 2014 when Central Bank of Ireland consulted the European Systemic Risk Board ("ESRB") after initial, and unsuccessful, lobbying by IFSC tax-law firms to expand the L–QIAIF regime, so as to remove Irish taxation from Irish loan investments.
In March 2019, the UN Special Rapporter on housing, Leilani Farha, formally wrote to the Irish Government on behalf of the UN, regarding its concerns regarding "preferential tax laws" for foreign investment funds on Irish assets which were compromising the human rights of tenants in Ireland.
In April 2019, Irish technology entrepreneur Paddy Cosgrave launched a Facebook campaign to highlight abuses of QIAIFs and L-QIAIFs, stating: "The L-QIAIF runs the risk of being a weapon of mass destruction".
See also
Corporation tax in the Republic of Ireland
International Financial Services Centre
Matheson (law firm)
Maples and Calder
Offshore magic circle
Ireland as a tax haven
Notes
External links
QIAIF Guidance Central Bank of Ireland
Central Bank of Ireland: AIF Rulebook March 2018
References
Investment funds
Offshore finance
Legal entities
Tax avoidance
Taxation in the Republic of Ireland
Economy of the Republic of Ireland
Corporate tax avoidance
Offshore magic circle
Sir Clive Malcolm Thompson (born 4 April 1943) is a British businessman who is Deputy Chairman of Strategic Equity Capital plc. He was Chairman of Rentokil Initial plc between 2002 and 2004, having been Chief Executive for 20 years to 2002. He is a former president of the CBI, member of the Committee on Corporate Governance and Deputy Chairman of the Financial Reporting Council. He is a former Chairman of European Home Retail plc and director of J Sainsbury plc, Wellcome plc, Seeboard plc, Caradon plc and BAT Industries plc.
He was educated at the University of Birmingham (BSc).
Following the collapse of Farepak, the UK Insolvency Service applied to the High Court for Thompson to be disqualified as a Director, but the case was later dropped.
References
External links
Monbiot.com - Deregulation Kills - 5/11/98
ticles.com/p/articles/mi_qn4158/is_20010903/ai_n14419662 The Independent - The Monday interview: Sir Clive Thompson - Rentokil's chief - 03/09/01
The Evening Standard - Veteran Clive Thompson is fired by struggling Rentokil - 19/05/04
The Daily Mirror - Sir Clive Quits The Rat Pack - 20/05/04
The Independent - Sir Clive Thompson's verdict: the shareholders deserve better - 27/08/04
The Daily Telegraph - Outrage grows over directors' role in Farepak failure - 29/10/06
The Daily Telegraph - Farepak's Thompson: 'HBOS hung us out to dry' - 12/11/06
Swindon Advertiser - Farepak head could be stripped of knighthood - 15/11/06
BBC News - Farepak boss takes luxury holiday - 17/11/06
1943 births
Living people
Alumni of the University of Birmingham
Businesspeople awarded knighthoods
Knights Bachelor
People educated at Clifton College
Prince Edward Island is the least populous province in Canada with 154,331 residents as of the 2021 census and is the smallest in land area at . Prince Edward Island's 63 municipalities cover of the province's land mass and were home to of its population in 2021. These municipalities provide local government services to their residents in the form of fire protection, municipal planning services, and emergency measures planning. The remaining unincorporated areas have no local government.
Municipal statuses in Prince Edward Island are cities, towns, rural municipalities, and resort municipalities. Under Prince Edward Island's Municipal Government Act (MGA), which came into force on December 23, 2017, the formation of a municipality can be proposed by the Minister of Fisheries and Communities, the council of an existing municipality, or a petition signed by 30% of the residents that would be the electors of the new municipality. To be eligible for city or town status, certain minimum estimated population and total property assessment value criteria must be met. If those criteria are not met, rural municipality status can be granted if it is the opinion of the Minister of Fisheries and Communities that it would be in the public interest. The province's lone resort municipality – the Resort Municipality of Stanley Bridge, Hope River, Bayview, Cavendish and North Rustico – was established by order in council in 1990. The 2017 prevents creation of any new resort municipalities.
Prince Edward Island has two cities, ten towns, fifty rural municipalities and one resort municipality, which are distributed across three counties – Kings, Prince and Queens. Charlottetown is Prince Edward Island's capital and largest municipality by population while Belfast is the largest municipality by land area. The smallest municipalities by population and land area are Tignish Shore and St. Louis respectively.
Cities
Under the province's , a municipality may incorporate as a city if it has an estimated population of 15,000 or more and a total property assessment value of $750 million or more. Should a city no longer meet these requirements, the Minister of Fisheries and Communities may recommend to the Lieutenant Governor in Council to change the status of the municipality to a more appropriate status.
Prince Edward Island has two cities. Charlottetown is Prince Edward Island's capital and largest city both by population with 38,809 residents and by land area with . It forms the core of a census agglomeration that encompasses the middle of the island and is home to 78,858 residents, or of the island's population. The province's second city is Summerside, which is located on the west side of the island. It has a population of 16,001 and a land area of . Starting with the municipal elections in 2018, the enables cities to elect a mayor and a minimum of eight councillors. With general municipal elections occurring every four years, the next municipal election is scheduled for November 2022.
Towns
Under the province's , a municipality may incorporate as a town if it has an estimated population of 4,000 or more but is less than 15,000, and a total property assessment value of $200 million or more, but is less than $750 million. Should a town no longer meet these requirements, the Minister of Fisheries and Communities may recommend to the Lieutenant Governor in Council to change the status of the municipality to a more appropriate status.
Prince Edward Island has ten towns that are incorporated municipalities, which had a cumulative population of 32,632 in the 2021 census. The province's largest and smallest towns are Stratford and North Rustico with populations of 10,927 and 648 respectively. Three Rivers is Prince Edward Island's largest town by land area with and O'Leary is the province's smallest town by land area with . Three Rivers is also the province's newest town, which incorporated as a town on September 28, 2018 through the amalgamation of the towns of Georgetown and Montague, five rural municipalities (Brudenell, Cardigan, Lorne Valley, Lower Montague, and Valleyfield), and portions of three adjacent unincorporated areas. Starting with the municipal elections in 2018, the enables towns to elect a mayor and a minimum of six councillors. With general municipal elections occurring every four years, the next municipal election is scheduled for November 2022.
Rural municipalities
Under the province's , municipalities that previously held community status under the previous Municipalities Act, which originally came into force in 1983, were carried forward as rural municipalities. With the amalgamation of Brackley and Winsloe South on December 15, 2017, and then the coming into force eight days later on December 23, 2017, Prince Edward Island had 58 communities that became rural municipalities. On September 28, 2018, three amalgamations reduced the total amount of rural municipalities to 50. As of the 2021 census, the province's largest and smallest rural municipalities are West River and Tignish Shore with populations of 3,473 and 64 respectively. Starting with the municipal elections in 2018, the enables rural municipalities to elect a mayor and a minimum of six councillors. With general municipal elections occurring every four years, the next municipal election is scheduled for November 2022.
Resort municipalities
Prince Edward Island has one municipality holding resort municipality status. The Resort Municipality of Stanley Bridge, Hope River, Bayview, Cavendish and North Rustico was established as a resort municipality in 1990. The province's allows this resort municipality to continue yet prevents the establishment of additional resort municipalities in the future. Starting with the municipal elections in 2018, the enables the province's lone resort municipality to elect a mayor and a minimum of six councillors. With general municipal elections occurring every four years, the next municipal election is scheduled for November 2022. If the population of the lone resort municipality reaches 2,000 electors, it may be incorporated as a different type of municipality pursuant to the .
List of municipalities
See also
History of Prince Edward Island
List of census agglomerations in Atlantic Canada
List of population centres in Prince Edward Island
Notes
References
External links
Federation of Prince Edward Island Municipalities
Municipalities – Government of Prince Edward Island: Department of Fisheries and Communities
Municipalities
A work method statement, sometimes referred to as a safe work method statement or SWMS or a safe work procedure, is a part of a workplace safety plan. It is primarily used in construction to describe a document that gives specific instructions on how to safely perform a work related task, or operate a piece of plant or equipment. In many countries it is law to have work method statements, or similar, in place to advise employees and contractors on how to perform work related tasks safely.
The statement is generally used as part of a safety induction and then referred to as required throughout a workplace, they should outline all the hazards that are likely to be encountered when undertaking a task or process and provide detailed guidance on how to carry out the task safely...
Procedure for use
A work method statement is prepared for each task on a particular worksite, the group of work method statements are then packaged and is typically submitted at the beginning of a project for approval by the client or their representative.
Contents
The work method statement encompasses the following:
purpose
scope
references
External links
Occupational safety and health
Australian labour law
Operating procedures
Kılıçlar, Kazan is a village in the District of Kazan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kahramankazan District
Joe Chung (, born 1960s) is a writer and political commentator from Hong Kong, who lives in Stavanger, Norway. He is known for his best-seller books I Don't Want to be Chinese Again and China is Stranger than Fiction, severely criticizing Chinese culture, both of which garnered support in Hong Kong and Taiwan.
Life and Career
Joe Chung was born in the 1960s in Hong Kong. He became concerned with Chinese politics following the imprisonment of Wei Jingsheng in 1979. In 1991 he completed his master's degree in sociology at Chinese University of Hong Kong. In the elections of 1994 and 1999 for the District Councils of Hong Kong (known as District Boards before 1997), he represented the Hong Kong Democratic Party in the geographical constituency of Wong Tai Sin but was not elected. In 2001 he openly called for independence of Taiwan and was criticised by the Chinese Communist Party as "more arrogant than Taiwan separatists". He is a frequent contributor to Hong Kong Open magazine. In 2012 he contributed several articles to the Apple Daily regarding National Education in Hong Kong and the sovereignty of the Senkaku Islands, also known as Diaoyu Island in People's Republic of China.
Political activism
In a 1990s, Joe Chung was frequently active in pro-democratic approach human rights activities in Hong Kong. On 9 July 1995, Joe Chung and other activists burnt the flag of the People's Republic of China outside the offices of Xinhua in Hong Kong to protest the arrest by the Chinese authorities of Harry Wu, the Chinese penal colony researcher.
On 30 November 1995, Wei Jingsheng Action Group chairman Joe Chung, accompanied by other members of the Wei Jingsheng Action Group, publicly burned a cartoon image of Chinese Communist leader Deng Xiaoping to demand the release of democracy campaigner Wei Jingsheng. The event occurred outside the office of the Xinhua News Agency in Happy Valley on Thursday, 29 November 1995. Both these events were widely reported by local media and news agencies the following day.
Taiwan independence controversy
On 4 May 2000, (the anniversary of the 4 May movement), Joe Chung published an op-ed piece in the Hong Kong Ming Pao, titled "Taiwan Has the Right to Independence" (). An article in the Sing Tao published in Hong Kong on 20 May 2000 titled "" (Joe Chung accused of inciting break-up of China as Communist newspapers bombard the Ming Pao) commented on the following events. According to the article, the Communist affiliated Hong Kong newspapers Ta Kung Pao and Wen Wei Po responded to Joe Chung's article with a barrage of over 20 articles in the following days with articles such as "Taiwan Has No Right to Independence" () in the Wen Wei Po on 9 May 2000. The articles refuted Chung's arguments, accusing him of "splitting China", "contravening article 23 of the Basic Law", and being a "traitor" to China. They also attacked the Ming Pao, accusing it of breaking its promise to "publish a Chinese newspaper for Chinese people".
Sing Tao Daily noted that concerted, sustained attacks by the Communist press of this ferocity had not been seen since the pre-handover 1990s when the Communist press had attacked Hong Kong Governor Chris Patten. The article also noted that Joe Chung was both glad that his article had stirred up debate, but feared for his personal safety as result.
Also according to the article, Ming Pao declined to publish Joe Chung's rebuttal of these attacks, saying that enough had been said on the matter. After the publication of the Sing Tao article, the attacks continued with articles such as "Some 'Chinese People' Who Hate Their Own Country" () published in the Ta Kung Pao, on 29 May 2001.
I Don't Want to be Chinese Again
Joe Chung published I Don't Want to be Chinese Again () in November 2007, which has been printed in 55 editions. According to Liberty Times, The book was written in response to the sentiment from "[a] recent online survey of Chinese people found that 65 percent of respondents would prefer not to be Chinese at all". The book severely criticized the Chinese culture.
Donation to Hong Kong Liaison Office
According to media reports, on 16 July 2012, a Hong Kong Legislative Council member, Power to the People lawmaker Albert Chan Wai Yip presented a book by Joe Chung, "I don't want to be Chinese again", to Zhang Xiaoming, director of China's Liaison Office, as an act of protest against China's central government, before boycotting a lunch meeting at the Legislative Council.
Bibliography
References
http://www.libertytimes.com.tw/2011/new/jan/3/today-o6.htm Liberty Times article on popular reaction to "I Don't Want to be Chinese Again"
http://www.cp1897.com.hk/cpStore_news.php?id=48 Popular Hong Kong book retailer with table of best selling non-fiction books
http://legalpronews.findlaw.com/photo/02cq3aQ0Qn383 Report via Reuters on a protest against Beijing when Joe Chung's book was donated to CPC rep in Hong Kong.
Photo of Hong Kong politician donating Chung's book as a political protest
External links
http://joechungvschina.blogspot.com/| Authors blog
http://www.anobii.com/contributors/%E9%8D%BE%E7%A5%96%E5%BA%B7/796317/ Online book site with readers reviews of Chung's books
http://www.books.com.tw/exep/prod/booksfile.php?item=0010387159 Taiwan online book retailer with summary of book 'China Is Stranger Than Fiction' (中國比小說更離奇),
Hong Kong writers
Democratic Party (Hong Kong) politicians
1960s births
Living people
Marco Antônio Miranda Filho (born 11 November 1984), or simply Marco Antônio, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Figueirense FC.
Honours
Club
Náutico
Campeonato Pernambucano: 2004
São Paulo
Campeonato Paulista: 2005
Copa Libertadores de América: 2005
Sport
Campeonato Pernambucano: 2006
Vitória
Campeonato Baiano: 2008
Portuguesa
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B: 2011
External links
1984 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
São Paulo FC players
Clube Náutico Capibaribe players
Associação Portuguesa de Desportos players
Grêmio Foot-Ball Porto Alegrense players
Club Athletico Paranaense players
Figueirense FC players
Al-Khor SC players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B players
Qatar Stars League players
Association football midfielders
Footballers from São Paulo
Alec Andrews Burgess (2 January 1906 – 20 November 1990) was an English cricketer. Burgess was a right-handed batsman who was a leg break bowler. He was born at Peterborough, Northamptonshire.
Burgess made a single first-class appearance for Northamptonshire against Sussex at the Town Ground, Peterborough in the 1929 County Championship. In Northamptonshire's first-innings he was dismissed for 13 by Albert Wensley, while in their second-innings he was dismissed for a single run by Maurice Tate. He later played for Suffolk in the 1934 and 1935 Minor Counties Championship, making three appearances.
He died at Waveney, Suffolk on 20 November 1990.
References
External links
Alec Burgess at ESPNcricinfo
Alec Burgess at CricketArchive
1906 births
1990 deaths
Sportspeople from Peterborough
English cricketers
Northamptonshire cricketers
Suffolk cricketers
Operations plan (in Spanish, "Plan de Operaciones") is a secret document attributed to Mariano Moreno, that set harsh ways for the Primera Junta, the first de facto independent government of Argentina in the 19th century, to achieve its goals. Some historians consider it a literary forgery, and others consider it true.
Creation
According to historians who consider the document to be real, the need for it would have been the result of a meeting of Moreno, Manuel Belgrano, and Juan José Castelli, the latter two requesting Moreno to write it; by August 31, 1810, he proposed it to the whole Junta.
Content
Actions against royalists
Mariano Moreno did not consider necessary to take any measures against absolutist monarchy itself. He thought that, in the wake of the events of the Peninsular War, the House of Bourbon had destroyed itself, and it would be enough to simply let it stay that way.
The document states the need to defeat the royalist forces and therefore proposes many possible actions similar to those employed by Jacobins during the Reign of Terror of the French Revolution. It rejected the use of political moderation, considering that it would be dangerous during revolutionary times. It compared the South American revolution, still in its early steps, with the French and North American ones, and even the revolution in Spain itself, pointing that none of those relied on solely in conspirations or secret meetings.
International relations
On the level of international relations, Mariano Moreno rejected the slavery in Brazil, a neighbour Portuguese colony. He proposed to distribute large numbers of Gazeta de Buenos Ayres newspapers, filled with libertarian ideas and translated to Portuguese language, and provide military support to the slaves that may riot. He considered a great menace the risk of a complete Spanish defeat in the Peninsular War or a restoration of absolutism and regarded Britain as a potential ally against such menaces. During a conflict, Britain would be able to provide them with weapons, and other goods that were not produced locally. Critics of Moreno consider him an Anglophile because of this proposal, but the same documents warn later against the risk of Britain having too much influence in the economic life of the country. He also criticized the relation between Britain and Portugal, considering that Portugal was subject to a "shameful slavery" to Britain, and that the British influence in Brazil was so high that the Portuguese colonies may eventually become British ones. Moreno held the same ideas about being friendly but cautious with Britain in the pages of the Gazeta newspaper.
In respect to the relation with Spain, Moreno thought that a premature declaration of independence would not be appropriate, and advised to wait for the revolution to strengthen and to see the final outcome of the Peninsular War. He thought that it was advisable to proclaim loyalty to Ferdinand VII at every document, as it would ease the relation with foreign countries, and Spain itself would doubt which party, the patriots or the royalists, was more loyal to the king.
Economy
In the economic field, it addressed the lack of a bourgeoisie that may turn the political changes into economic development and proposed to overcome such lack with an active state intervention. Mariano Moreno proposed that the state destined 200 or 300 million to create factories, manufacturing, arts, agriculture, navigation, and other critical areas. There would be no risk of bankruptcy because the state would manage those businesses. With the money generated from those activities, the state would then seek seeds and tools, and ultimately allow the continent to be economically self-reliant. The initial money that the state would need to become such an active economic force would come from the mines in Potosi, where the slavers had nearly 500 or 600 million. Moreno proposed simply to confiscate it, and nationalize the mines. He reasoned that five or six thousand people would be harmed by such action, but eighty or a hundred thousands would be benefited. The state would not manage those areas indefinitely; Moreno proposed that this should be done only until there was a strong economic activity in each area, and then the state would just watch the activities, making sure that they followed laws enacted for the common good of society.
The early 19th-century liberalism did not promote confiscation among their common proposals, but a similar antecedent of this proposal was the Conspiracy of the Equals, promoted by François-Noël Babeuf during the French Revolution. Moreno thought that state-sized fortunes managed by a few individuals were detrimental to civil society, and those individuals would tend to take up the roles of the state in their own benefit, but without fixing the problems of society at large.
The document proposed as well to avoid exporting money, and to include high tariffs to the import of luxury goods. This is often seen as a contradiction with The Representation of the Hacendados, but both ones request different things. The Representation opposed the absolute prohibition to trade with Britain, which is not the same as allowing it but following a protectionist policy. As secretary, Moreno reduced the tariffs over national exports, but kept high ones for imports, which would only be removed during the First Triumvirate, years later.
Controversy
The first copy of the Plan was found in the Archives of Indias of Sevilla (Spain) by Eduardo Madero, who was studying the history of the port of Buenos Aires. He sent it to Argentina. Bartolomé Mitre received it but lost it, in unknown circumstances. Norberto Piñeiro found a second one, but instead of sending it back to Buenos Aires, he published it. Other historians would later draw relations between the Plan and the government acts of the Junta such as the execution of Santiago de Liniers after the Liniers Counter-revolution or the work of Castelli at the Upper Peru.
Historian Paul Groussac and later Ricardo Levene accused the document of being a forgery, written by an enemy of the revolution in order to discredit it. Levene also insisted in that the copy found was not handwritten by Mariano Moreno but by Andrés Álvarez de Toledo. Supporters of the document accepted it, stating that the document found was not the original but a copy, and that it was not something unexpected that the copy was handwritten by another man. The original document, handwritten by Mariano Moreno, has not been discovered yet.
No other texts of the time written by the members of the Junta, either public or private, make mention to the Operations plan. However, Enrique Ruiz Guiñazú published in 1952 a pair of letters of Carlota Joaquina and Ferdinand VII, where both members of the house of Bourbon make direct reference to the plan written by Moreno. Carlota also cited in it parts of such document, which are coherent with the copy found by Piñeiro.
Later, some authors question the authorship of Moreno, and stated that some expressions or redaction styles may suggest it to be the work of Manuel Belgrano or Hipólito Vieytes. Supporters of the document like Norberto Galasso accept a middle ground option: the document may be the result of a collaborative writing instead that of a single author, even if Moreno wrote most of it.
See also
Mariano Moreno
Primera Junta
May Revolution
References
References
External links
Plan revolucionario de operaciones
Argentine War of Independence
Conspiracy theories
Argentine books
1810 non-fiction books
May Revolution
Political books
"Heilig" (), a song by the German rock-band Tokio Hotel, appears on their second album, Zimmer 483. The song was released as the album's fourth single on 28 April in France. Due to tight scheduling, no music video for the single was released. It was translated and recorded for their first English album, Scream, as "Sacred" but it has not been released as a single.
Formats and track listings
These are the formats and track listings of major single releases of "Heilig".
CD Single
"Heilig" - 4:03
"Break away" (live in Milan) - 4:22
"1000 Meere" - 4:04
Charts
References
Tokio Hotel songs
2008 singles
Songs written by David Jost
Songs written by Bill Kaulitz
2007 songs
Bluff or The Bluff is a geographical area, containing eight suburbs in Durban, eThekwini Metropolitan Municipality, KwaZulu-Natal Province, South Africa. The Bluff forms a large part of the South Durban Basin, a sub-region located south of Durban.
History
The promontory on which Bluff is situated is Durban's most prominent natural landmark. Accordingly, it probably served as an important visual reference for navigational approaches into Durban Harbour.
Between 1907 and 1975, the exposed south-east side of The Bluff housed a whaling station. Since the mid-Nineteenth Century, the region has been purposed for navigational and military uses. This use has provided protection for much of the area's native vegetation. Today, the area is considered important in the ecological management of Durban and environment.
Etymology
The traditional Zulu name for Bluff is isibubulungu, meaning a long, round-shaped ridge. It also means "white man's bluff", which may be a reference to habitation by shipwreck survivors.
The name of the area is derived from the long bluff - two ancient sand dunes on which most of the suburbs lie.
Geography
The Bluff promonotory is a remnant of an extensive coastal dune system that formed along the shoreline of KwaZulu-Natal between two and five million years ago.
Lying just south of Durban, the Bluff is one of the main enclosing elements of Durban Harbour from the Indian Ocean, and forms the southern quayside of the Port of Durban.
Organisationally and administratively, it is included in the eThekwini Metropolitan Municipality as a South Central Suburb.
The Bluff lies on the Indian Ocean coastline which lies on the east and borders the Port of Durban (Island View) to the north-west, the defunct Durban International Airport and the SAPREF Petrochemical Refinery to the south, Mobeni to the south-west and Port of Durban (Bayhead) and Clairwood to the west.
Within the area referred to as "The Bluff" lie the suburbs of Brighton Beach, Fynnland, Grosvenor, Jacobs, Merebank, Ocean View, Treasure Beach and Wentworth.
Beaches
The Bluff is a popular holiday destination, with extensive accommodation and plentiful seaside recreation. The area is known for its abundant sea life, including dolphins, and, in the winter months, whales.
The Bluff has access to six beaches including Ansteys Beach, Brighton Beach, Cuttings Beach, Garvies Beach and Treasure Beach. Amongst these beaches Ansteys and Brighton beaches are the most popular with Ansteys Beach home to two pools and Brighton Beach to three pools including one tidal pool. Most of the other beaches along the Bluff remain quiet and unspoilt.
Economy
At the south end of the Bluff are two main residential suburbs: Wentworth and Merebank. Interspersed among the houses are a number of industries, including two of South Africa's largest oil refineries (Sapref and Engen facilities), the Mondi Paper Mill and other smaller factories. Durban's main airport was nearby until 2010. Durban International Airport moved and changed its name on 1 May 2010, relocating from the South Durban Basin to near Verulam, on the North Coast.
The mixture of residential homes and large industries in the basin creates a challenge for all those who live and work in the area. Air pollution, water pollution, overcrowding and litter are some of the problems that residents and industries need to deal with. Community groups are attempting to resolve the issue by working with the large industries in the area.
Transport
The M4 highway is the nearest highway to the Bluff, running east of the suburban area. It runs through the South Durban Basin from the N2 highway (to Amanzimtoti and Port Shepstone) in the south to Durban CBD in the north. The M7 links the Bluff to Clairwood, Rossburgh, Queensburgh and Pinetown.
The two arterial routes of the Bluff include Marine Drive which runs along the coast linking Merebank, Treasure Beach, Brighton Beach and Ocean View and Tara/Lighthouse Road which runs inland linking Merebank, Engen Petrochemical Refinery, Jacobs, Wentworth, Grosvenor and Fynnlands.
Amenities
The Bluff is served by four shopping centers namely Bluff Towers and Hillside Mall in Wentworth which are the two largest in the Bluff, Merebank Mall in Merebank and the Bluff Shopping Centre in Grosvenor.
The Bluff is also serviced by two police stations in Wentworth and Brighton Beach, a public hospital which is the Wentworth District Hospital which mainly serves most suburbs south of Durban and a large golf course, Bluff National Park Golf Club between Grosvenor and Ocean View.
References
External links
eThekwini Online Accessed 9 March 2010
KwaZulu-Natal Tourism Authority Accessed 9 March 2010
KwaZulu-Natal search engine Accessed 9 March 2010
Suburbs of Durban
Tartarocyon is an extinct genus of Amphicyonidae, who lived during the late Middle Miocene. It was described after fossilized remains found in Sallespisse, France. Despite the scarceness of its fossil remains, being only known from the holotype mandible, its body mass has been estimated to be close to 200 kilograms, far from its closest relative, Cynelos, and making it one of the largest terrestrial predators of Miocene Europe. T. cazanavei is the only species included in the genus. The genus was named after a southwestern French Pyrenees legend of a man eating giant ; the species name honors the owner of the terrain in which the holotype has been discovered.
References
Serravallian
Miocene mammals of Europe
Miocene bear dogs
Fossils of France
Neogene France
Fossil taxa described in 2022
Prehistoric carnivoran genera
The Île aux Oies (in English: goose island) is an island in the St. Lawrence River, downstream from Île d'Orléans. It is located in the municipality of Saint-Antoine-de-l'Isle-aux-Grues, in the Montmagny Regional County Municipality (MRC), in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches, in Quebec, in Canada.
Geography
L'Île aux Oies is located at the northeastern end of the Isle-aux-Grues archipelago. This island stretches in length in the direction of the river (ie southwest to northeast); its maximum width is .
A flats stretching over connects "Île aux Oies" to the southwest with Isle-aux-Grues. Strong river tides often flood this istma.
Economic activities
Basically, the main economic activity on the islands (Île-aux-Grues and Île aux Oies) remains dairy farming and cheese making. The Île aux Oies is a private land; only cultivators and caretakers have access.
In addition, tourism has developed beyond the snow goose hunting season in other parts of archipelago. The Islands offer visitors a rural and wild character because of its position in the middle of the river. Many visitors come there for the tranquility of the place.
Toponymy
At the start of the French colony in America, Île aux Grues and Île aux Oies were designated as a single island on maps of the time. On October 20, 1633, during his expedition to explore the territory of the Côte-du-Sud, the Jesuit Paul Le Jeune wrote in his letters (referred to as “Relations des Jésuites”): “we left this island [presumably the island aux Cranes] to enter another called Cachibasiouachgate. We could name it Isle aux Oies blancs, because I saw more than a thousand in a band”.
In 1646 by Charles Huault de Montmagny (1601-1657) acquired these two islands as well as the seigneury of Rivière-du-Sud. Renowned as a great hunting enthusiast, he served as the first governor in title (1636-1648) of New France. In 1654, the territory of these islands was acquired by Jean-Jacques Moyen, Sieur des Granges, who settled there. Reluctantly, he was assassinated the following year during an Iroquois passage. The island was subsequently acquired by Louis Couillard, Lord of Rivière-du-Sud. In 1668, Couillard ceded part of the island to Paul Dupuy, his son-in-law.
In 1671, the island was subdivided. Pierre Bécart de Granville, Lord of Île-aux-Grues, became the owner of the western part, known at the time as Petite île aux Oies. While Paul Dupuy remains the owner of the eastern part, which was designated "Grande Île aux Oies". In 1713, the latter ceded his property to the Augustinian nuns of the Hôtel-Dieu de Québec. Subsequently, the nuns designated it their island lordship "Île Marie", as did the small boat transporting the foodstuffs they produced to Quebec. In 1875, the Augustines acquired Petite Île aux Oies (ie Île aux Grues today).
In 1964, Club Saint-Laurent acquired Île aux Oies, and around 1975, that of Domaine de l'Île aux Oies; these two territories were then exploited in private hunting clubs.
Île aux Oies derives its toponymic designation from the presence of the Snow Goose during migratory periods. These birds attract many hunters during their stopover in autumn, that is, during their seasonal migration to the south. In history, several other toponymic variants (written and oral) have been listed, including Île Sainte-Marie, La Bécard, Île Hôpital, Île des Prairies, Île des Joncs and Île des Brousses.
The toponym "Île aux Oies" was made official on December 5, 1968 at the Commission de toponymie du Québec place name bank.
See also
List of islands of Quebec
Notes and references
Montmagny Regional County Municipality
St. Lawrence Island
John Henry Yurchey (November 12, 1917 – June 1, 1994) was an American football quarterback, halfback, and defensive back who played one game in the National Football League (NFL) for the Pittsburgh Steelers. He played college football for Duquesne.
Yurchey was born on November 12, 1917, in Bridgeville, Pennsylvania. He attended Bridgeville High School there before playing college football at Duquesne University. He saw significant playing time starting as a sophomore, playing the quarterback position. As a senior, he helped the team achieve an undefeated 8–0–1 record, including an upset victory over number one ranked Pittsburgh.
Though Yurchey went unselected in the 1940 NFL Draft, he was signed by the Pittsburgh Steelers, and appeared in one regular season game. He wore number 11, and played halfback and defensive back. He also made three punts for 121 yards, with two going for 40 yards and one for 41. It would be his only career game.
After his brief stint in professional football, Yurchey served as an air traffic controller during World War II, and was a postal clerk at the Bridgeville Post Office for 15 years. He died on June 1, 1994, in Bridgeville, from a heart attack.
References
1917 births
1994 deaths
Players of American football from Pennsylvania
American football quarterbacks
American football running backs
American football defensive backs
Duquesne Dukes football players
People from Bridgeville, Pennsylvania
Pittsburgh Steelers players
Anita Meyer (Annita Meijer), born in Rotterdam 29 October 1954, is a Dutch singer. One of her most notable songs is "Why Tell Me Why" that charted for 14 weeks and topped the Dutch singles list for six weeks in 1981.
Discography
Albums
In The Meantime I Will Sing (1976) #20 NED
Love You Too Much (1979)
Shades of Desire (1981) #1 NED
Past, Present and Future (1982) #5 NED
Moments Together (1983) #10 NED
Face to Face (1984) #10 NED
Greatest Hits (1985) #10 NED
Now and Forever (1986) #23 NED
Run to Me (with Lee Towers) (1986) #5 NED
Première (1987) #13 NED
The Ahoy Concert (Live album) (1988) #15 NED
Close to You (1989) #21 NED
Autumn Leaves (1990) #37 NED
The Commandments (1990)
Memories of Love (1991)
RTL 4: De Hits van Anita Meyer (1991)
The Alternative Way (1991)
The Very Best of Anita Meyer (1991)
Music Music (1992) #53 NED
Best Of (1993)
The Love of a Woman (1994)
A Song Can Change Your Life (1996)
Dichter bij Elkaar (1998) #95 NED
Just Once (1999)
Spanish Guitar (2001)
Tears Go By (2009) with Metropole Orkest #54 NED
Singles
"Just a Disillusion" (1976) #18 NED
"The Alternative Way"(with Rainbow Train) (1976) #1 NED
"You Can Do It" (1976) #9 NED
"Anita That's My Name" (1977) #21 NED
"It Hurts" (1977)
"You Are My Everything" (with Hans Vermeulen from Sandy Coast) (1979)
"Rock Me Up A Mountain" (1980) #28 NED
"The Hurtin' Doesn't Go Away" (1981)
"Why Tell Me Why" (1981) #1 NED (Best-selling single in the Netherlands in 1981)
"They Don't Play Our Lovesong Anymore" (1981) #3 NED
"Blame It On Love" (1982)
"Idaho" (1982) #4 NED
"The One That You Love" (1982) #16 NED
"Goodbye To Love" (1983) #23 NED
"Sandy's Song" (1983) #23 NED
"Blame It On Love" (1984) #33 NED
"Heart Of Stone" (1984) #26 NED
"This Ain't A Life To Be Lived" (1984)
"Sometimes When We Touch" (1985)
"The Story Of A New Born Love" (1985)
"Run To Me" (with Lee Towers, live) (1986) #9 NED
"We've Got Tonight" (with Lee Towers) (1986) #31 NED
"You Are My Life" (1986)
"Now and Forever" (1987)
"The Exodus Song" (1987)
"Having My Baby" (with Paul Anka) (1988)
"That's What Friends Are For" (1989)
"Freedom" (1990) #21 NED
"Music Music (This Is Why)" (1992) #34 NED
"The Medicine Of Love" (1992)
"Het Spijt Me" (Title song for TV-program) (1993) #24 NED
"I Couldn't Say Goodbye" (1993)
"I've Heard It All Before" (1994)
"The Love of A Woman" (1994)
"De Warmte Van Je Hart" (1996)
"I Don't Wanna Cry Again" (1996)
"We Are The Wave" (1996)
"Nooit Meer Naar Parijs" (1998)
"Wacht Op Mij" (1998)
"Mas Alla" (2001)
"Salomé" (2001)
"Het lieftallige buurmeisje van de oosterweg" (2021)
References
External links
Homepage
1954 births
Living people
Dutch women singers
Musicians from Rotterdam
Jason Marcano (30 December 1983 – 30 May 2019) was a Trinidad and Tobago international footballer who played as a forward.
Personal life
Marcano was born to parent Maria John and Steve Marcano, the only boy with five sisters. He started his football career at the age of 10 while attending arima west government primary school, he later went on to play for the under 20 team and the Trinidad and Tobago under 23 Olympic team in 2003.
Marcano lived in his home town of Arima with his wife and son. He was a cousin of professional footballer Elton John, with whom he played at San Juan Jabloteh and Central.
Death
On 30 May 2019, Marcano was driving along Trinidad's Eastern Main Road near Arouca when he lost control of his vehicle and crashed into a wall, killing him.
Honours
San Juan Jabloteh
TT Pro League: 2008
Trinidad and Tobago FA Trophy: 2010–11
Central
TT Pro League: 2014–15, 2015–16, 2016–17
Trinidad and Tobago Goal Shield: 2014
CFU Club Championship: 2015, 2016
Trinidad and Tobago Charity Shield: 2015
Trinidad and Tobago Pro Bowl: 2015
Trinidad and Tobago League Cup: 2018
Individual
TT Pro League Youth MVP: 2005
References
External links
Soca Warriors profile
1983 births
2019 deaths
Road incident deaths in Trinidad and Tobago
Association football forwards
Trinidad and Tobago footballers
People from Arima
W Connection F.C. players
San Juan Jabloteh F.C. players
St. Ann's Rangers F.C. players
Central F.C. players
TT Pro League players
Trinidad and Tobago international footballers
Stephen Kamper (born in Sydney) is an Australian politician who was elected to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly as the member for Rockdale for the Labor Party at the 2015 New South Wales state election.
Political career
With the retirement of Frank Sartor in the seat of Rockdale at the 2011 New South Wales state election, Labor's national executive selected Kamper as the candidate, causing friction with the local branch. John Flowers of the Liberal Party won the seat in its landside victory.
Three years later in March 2014, a rank and file ballot was conducted to determine the candidate but Mr Kamper was the only nominee. At the 2015 election, Kamper won back the seat for Labor. He is currently the opposition's joint head of the Waste Watch committee.
Personal life
Kamper is married to Magda and together they have five children and four grandsons. He attended Sans Souci Public School and James Cook Boys High School in Kogarah and prior to entering the parliament was a senior partner in Kamper Chartered Accountants.
References
External links
Living people
People from Sydney
Australian Labor Party members of the Parliament of New South Wales
Members of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century Australian politicians
This is a list of Military units and formations currently active in the Belgian Land Component.
Headquarters
Infantry
Paracommando Units
Special Forces
Reconnaissance and Armoured
Artillery
Auxiliary and Support
Schools
External links
Military units and formations of Belgium
Belgian military-related lists
P.E.S. Institute of Technology and Management is an engineering and management college located in Shivamogga, Karnataka, India. It is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University, Belgaum.
About
PESITM is currently offering a multitude of courses in engineering and management. Shivamogga established in 2007.
The institute provides support to research and development activities, and is presently offering-
Six BE courses
One MBA programme
Ph.D. research centres
M.Tech programmes in digital electronics and computer science & engineering.
Certification
PESITM is an ISO 9001:2015 certified institute
1.Quality Management System of PES Institute of Technology & Management, Shivamogga complies with the requirements of ISO 9001:2015.
2. This certificate is valid concerning all activities related to educational services offering four-year B.E programmes in Civil Engg, CSE, EEE, ECE, ISE and ME and 2 year MBA programmes in specializations such as marketing, finance and human resources.
Courses offered
UG Programs
Computer Science & Engineering
Electronics & Communications Engineering
Information Science & Engineering
Electrical & Electronics Engineering
Mechanical Engineering
Civil engineering
PG programs
M.Tech in Computer Science and Engineering
M.Tech in Digital Electronics
Master of Business Administration
Recent activities
'Prerana' 2015. The bi-annual cultural fest was held on May 8 & 9. With ten pre-fest events, and 15 fest events.
'Android Hackathon' workshop conducted from 13–15 February 2015.
Department of Computer Science & Engineering, PESITM conducted International Conference on Information and Communication Technologies (ICICT-2014) on 5 and 6 May 2014.
PESITM conducted Annual Cultural Fest Prerana - 2014 in the month of April, 2014
Google Android app development workshop was conducted by Dept. of Computer Science in association with Google Development Group (GDG) of Mangalore 14 and 15 March 2014.
A two-day WorkShop on "Getting started with Unity3D for Windows 8″ was conducted at PESITM College on 16 and 17 March by "Student Nokia Developers Group of PESITM".
PESITM in association with Microsoft conducted 24-hour App Fest Hackaton on 29 and 30 September 2013.
Department of CSE conducted three- day Mobile Innovation Workshop in association with Nokia.
References
External links
Affiliates of Visvesvaraya Technological University
Engineering colleges in Karnataka
Education in Shimoga
Universities and colleges in Shimoga district
Educational institutions established in 2007
2007 establishments in Karnataka
Luhrsen Nunatak () is a nunatak south-southeast of Mount Alford at the southeast end of the Helliwell Hills, Antarctica. It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1960–63, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Richard H. Luhrsen, assistant to the United States Antarctic Research Program representative at McMurdo Station, 1967–68.
References
Nunataks of Victoria Land
Pennell Coast
Marlice Elretha Jansen van Vuuren (born 14 May 1976 as Marlice Elrethra van der Merwe) is a Namibian conservationist. Together with her husband she runs the N/a'an ku sê Wildlife Sanctuary in central Namibia.
Van Vuuren has been working with animals in film productions since the age of 13 and has worked on a number of well known movies with various celebrities including Angelina Jolie. Her life is covered in the 2008 documentary "Marlice – A Vision for Africa" by Philip Selkirk. Marlice van Vuuren and her three legged cheetah Lucky featured in an advert for a Volkswagen Golf, shown on South African TV in May 2009.
Family
Marlice van Vuuren grew up on her parents' farm in Namibia where for more than 30 years injured or orphaned animals have found refuge. She also grew up closely with the San people and is one of only a handful of white people who can speak one of their languages. She married Dr. Rudie van Vuuren in December 2000 with whom she has two children.
See also
Tippi Degré
References
External links
Naankuse website Wildlife Sanctuary in Namibia run by Marlice and Rudie van Vuuren
1976 births
Living people
Namibian conservationists
Nature conservation in Namibia
White Namibian people
The Bogalusa Daily News is a newspaper established in 1927 and still published in Bogalusa, Louisiana in the United States of America.
Publication history
Establishment
The Bogalusa Daily News is published in Bogalusa, the largest city in Washington Parish, one of the Florida Parishes of southeastern Louisiana bordering Mississippi.
In addition to Washington Parish, The Daily News circulates in northern St. Tammany Parish. In 1958, The Daily News became a property of Wick Communications, a family-owned newspaper company based in Sierra Vista in Cochise County in southeastern Arizona, and formerly known as the Wick Newspaper Group. There were three other Wick Communications newspapers in Louisiana, including the Daily Iberian in New Iberia.
Development
From 1948, to 1955, Tom Colten, was the business manager of The Daily News. After his time in Bogalusa, he moved to Minden, where he owned and operated two weekly newspapers, the Minden Press and the Minden Herald, which were combined into an afternoon daily, the Minden Press-Herald on July 18, 1966. On November 8, 1966, Colten was elected mayor of Minden; he remained in that capacity until 1974 and subsequently moved to Baton Rouge, where he was a assistant secretary of the Louisiana Department of Transportation and Development.
Newspaper today
As of August 2015, Justin Schuver is publisher/editor of The Daily News; Carol Case, the advertising director; Earl Lott, production manager, and Mildred Newman, business office manager. The Daily News is available by delivery in Bogalusa and surrounding areas, through mail, or the Internet.
The paper is currently published two days a week, with editions seeing print on Wednesday and Saturday.
In 2014, Wick sold the Daily News and L'Observateur of LaPlace to Carpenter Newsmedia, an affiliate of Boone Newspapers of Tuscaloosa, Alabama.
Footnotes
External links
Bogalusa Daily News official website, www.bogalusadailynews.com/
Publications established in 1927
Newspapers published in Louisiana
Washington Parish, Louisiana
Austin Jackson (born August 11, 1999) is an American football offensive tackle for the Miami Dolphins of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at USC and was drafted by the Dolphins in the first round of the 2020 NFL Draft.
Early life and high school career
Jackson grew up in Phoenix, Arizona and attended North Canyon High School, where he played defensive and offensive line on the school's football team and also was a member of the basketball and track and field teams. Jackson was rated a five-star recruit and the best collegiate prospect in Arizona as a senior and committed to play college football at the University of Southern California over offers from Washington and Arizona State.
College career
Jackson played in all 14 of the Trojans games as a true freshman, appearing as a reserve offensive lineman and playing special teams on the field goal unit where he played on both sides and blocked a kick against Colorado. He was named USC's starting left tackle going into his sophomore year and started all 12 of the team's games.
Jackson missed part of the summer practices going into his junior season due having surgery to donate bone marrow to his sister, who suffers from Diamond–Blackfan anemia. He returned to practice in early August and worked his way back to playing shape in time to begin the season as the Trojans starting left tackle. Jackson was named the Pac-12 Conference Offensive Lineman of the Week for Week 2 after his performance, which included blocking a 43-yard field goal attempt, in a 45–20 win over #23 Stanford on September 7, 2019. He was named first-team All-Pac-12 at the end of his junior year. Following the 2019 season, Jackson announced that he would forgo his senior year and declared for the 2020 NFL Draft. Jackson played in all 39 of USC's games during his collegiate career with 25 starts.
Professional career
Jackson was drafted by the Miami Dolphins with the 18th pick in the first round of the 2020 NFL Draft. The Dolphins previously traded defensive back Minkah Fitzpatrick to the Pittsburgh Steelers to acquire the pick. Jackson made his NFL debut on September 13, 2020, in the season opener against the New England Patriots, starting at left tackle and playing all of the team's offensive snaps. Jackson was placed on injured reserve on October 9, 2020, after suffering a foot injury in Week 4 against the Seattle Seahawks. He was activated on November 7, 2020. He was placed on short-term injured reserve with an ankle injury on September 16, 2022.
Jackson entered the 2022 season as the Dolphins starting right tackle. He suffered an ankle injury in Week 1 and was placed on injured reserve on September 16, 2022.
Personal life
Jackson's grandfather, Melvin Jackson, also played offensive line at USC and played in the NFL for the Green Bay Packers. In the summer of 2019, Jackson donated bone marrow to his younger sister Autumn, who suffered from a rare form of anemia.
References
External links
Miami Dolphins bio
USC Trojans bio
1999 births
Living people
African-American players of American football
Players of American football from Phoenix, Arizona
American football offensive tackles
USC Trojans football players
Miami Dolphins players
21st-century African-American sportspeople
21st-century African-American men
Desisa quadriplagiata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1938. It is known from India.
References
Desisa
Beetles described in 1938
is a yaoi manga series by Yamimaru Enjin, author of the one-shot manga The Way To Heaven and illustrator of the novel Eat or Be Eaten. It is serialized in the magazine Chara by Tokuma Shoten. The story focuses on the relationship between a junior high school student, Shinichiro, and a college professor, Narusawa, both of whom have the ability to speak to animals. As of March 2012, four volumes have been published in Japan.
For a time, Blu Manga held the licensing rights to publish the series in North America. A total of three volumes were released in English before the company shut down its activity.
Characters
Shinichiro: a junior high school student who seeks the aid of Narusawa for his ill dog, Flappy. Shinichiro was told by the vet he went to see that Narusawa can speak to animals. Narusawa denies this, but Shinichiro discovers later that he was lying. Shinichiro begins to visit Narusawa at his home, hoping to learn to talk to animals. Both he and Narusawa are able to converse with Narusawa's cat, Acht.
Narusawa: a moody, introverted college math professor. He has the ability to understand and communicate with animals. He prefers to avoid the company of all living things, but when Shinichiro starts visiting his house, he slowly accepts him and starts to want him to visit. His personality stems from an incident in his childhood. Before the funeral of one of his classmates, he saw a couple of teachers shove a dog that had been hit by a car to the side of the road and cover it up. The uncaring way in which this was done hardened his heart.
Acht: a black cat that lives with Narusawa. He converses with it occasionally. Acht speaks Japanese, German, and English, but not to other cats. He is bored easily if he has no one to talk to.
Media
Manga
Voice or Noise is serialized in Japan in the magazine Chara and published in volume format by Tokuma Shoten under the Chara Comics imprint. As of March 2012, four volumes have been published in Japan. Blu Manga originally licensed the series for English-language publication in North America and released a total of three volumes. With Tokyopop, the company in charge of distributing Blu label's releases, ceasing its activity in North America in 2011, however, the English-language publication of the series remained incomplete.
References
External links
Voice or Noise at Tokuma Shoten's official site
2003 manga
Yaoi anime and manga
Tokuma Shoten manga
Tokyopop titles
The development of a hobbyist operating system is one of the more involved and technical options for a computer hobbyist.
The definition of a hobby operating system can sometimes be vague. It can be from the developer's view, where the developers do it just for fun or learning; it can also be seen from the user's view, where the users are only using it as a toy; or it can be defined as an operating system which doesn't have a very big user base.
Development can begin from existing resources like a kernel, an operating system, or a bootloader, or it can also be made completely from scratch. The development platform could be a bare hardware machine, which is the nature of an operating system, but it could also be developed and tested on a virtual machine.
Since the hobbyist must claim more ownership for adapting a complex system to the ever-changing needs of the technical terrain, much enthusiasm is common amongst the many different groups attracted to operating system development.
Development
Elements of operating system development include:
Kernel:
Bootstrapping
Memory management
Process management and scheduling
Device driver management
Program API
External programs
User interface
The C programming language is frequently used for hobby operating system programming, as well as assembly language, though other languages can be used as well.
The use of assembly language is common with small systems, especially those based on eight bit microprocessors such as the MOS Technology 6502 family or the Zilog Z80, or in systems with a lack of available resources because of its small output size and low-level efficiency.
User interface
Most hobby operating systems use a command-line interface or a simple text user interface due to ease of development. More advanced hobby operating systems may have a graphical user interface. For example, AtheOS was a hobby operating system with a graphical interface written entirely by one programmer.
Examples
Use of BIOS
This section is predominantly x86 oriented.
The term BIOS (Basic Input/Output System) refers to firmware that initialises computer hardware and has provisions to load an operating system. The BIOS also sets up a standard interface for several low-level device drivers at boot time. BIOS resources are often used by hobbyist operating systems, especially those written on 16-bit x86 machines, as many hobby operating systems developers lack the time to write complex low level drivers themselves or they simply want to get into writing software for the system as soon as possible.
The most commonly used BIOS functions are VideoBIOS and Disk services. These are used because video cards and disk drives vary significantly on different machines and specialised drivers are often difficult to write.
The use of the BIOS is uncommon in operating systems that operate in Protected mode or Long mode, because the system must switch back to real mode which BIOS drivers run in.
See also
List of hobbyist operating systems
Computer architecture
References
External links
OSDev.org - A hobby OSDev community
Independent Software - Set of tutorials on boot loader development and entering protected mode
The little book about OS development - This book is a practical guide to writing your own x86 operating system
Kernel 101 – Let's write a Kernel
aodfaq - OS development FAQ
Bona Fide OS Development - Store of OS development tutorials and other documents
A step-by-step tutorial
Operating System Resource Center - Information and resources on various OSDev topics (both software and hardware)
Operating system technology
Olga Mikhailovna Lisikova née Vlasova (; 7 November 1916 7 September 2011) was a Soviet transport pilot and the only woman in the Soviet Air Force to become pilot-in-command of a C-47.
Early life
Born to a Russian family on 7 November 1916 in the Vladivostok area, she and her family relocated to Leningrad where she attended school. Her father was a teacher, stepfather a secretary in a district party committee, and her mother who was originally a housewife later became a restaurant worker. After graduating from secondary school attended trade school and became a foreman at a local factory. In 1934 she entered the Tambov civil aviation school, and in 1936 she and the other female students at the Balashov and Tambov flight schools were transferred to the Bataysk Flight School to form a women's squadron; there she piloted the Po-2 and R-5 aircraft. Having graduated from the school in 1937, she became a pilot for Aeroflot and was assigned to the difficult Moscow-Leningrad route despite her inexperience. Nevertheless, she mastered the route, flying solo in small aircraft and later than co-pilot in a K-5 with her future husband Vasily Lisikov. Later she became one of the few women pilots in the Winter War, flying missions to evacuate wounded and frostbitten soldiers from the front, all while pregnant with her first child.
World War II
At the time of the German invasion of the Soviet Union, Lisikova was a new mother; nevertheless, she was immediately drafted into active duty pilot SP-2 (a modified Po-2) air ambulance to evacuate wounded soldiers. During one of her flights in the early days of the war, her plane carrying two wounded soldiers was pursued by a Bf 109, forcing her to conduct evasive maneuvers, even though it was clearly marked as a medical plane with a red cross painted on it. For successfully diving to evade the attacking fighter and saving her passengers while causing the Bf 109 to crash in a dive she was awarded the Order of the Red Banner.
Later she was sent to be retrained to fly the Lisunov Li-2 and C-47; As an experienced pilot with over 1600 flying hours at the time, she loved the aircraft, which were far larger and more advanced than other aircraft she had flown previously. Despite only brief training and one check flight she quickly mastered flying the complex aircraft, which required a crew of six people (a pilot, co-pilot, navigator, tail gunner, mechanic, and radio operator), and received a promotion to become pilot-in-command; several days after the order for her promotion was made it was temporarily throttled by the division commander's attempts to assign her to ferrying aircraft purchased from the United States across Siberia in order to get rid the only woman pilot in his division, but eventually she received the promotion and began flying sorties as pilot-in-command of the Li-2 and later the slightly different C-47. Her missions included deploying paratroopers, dropping aid to besieged Leningrad, and dropping supplies to partisans. Throughout the war she totaled around 408 sorties, 280 of them on the Li-2 and C-47 heavy cargo transports. Although she received relatively few high awards in comparison to her high number of sorties, she was frequently featured in wartime media, with her picture and descriptions of her feats printed in leaflets as well as newspapers and magazines including Ogonyok.
Postwar
Due to her poor health from flying at high altitudes without a supplemental oxygen mask, she was forced to quit flying altogether in 1946, after only briefly returning to Aeroflot and taking on several routes out of Leningrad.
Due to mistakenly believing that her first husband Vasily Lisikov was dead after his plane was downed and exploded, she remarried and settled down with her new family. However, her previous husband had actually survived the war, having been captured by the Germans when badly wounded and subsequently imprisoned in a POW camp and then an NKVD camp for former prisoners of war before eventually being released in 1946.
She lived out her later years in a house for war veterans in Pavlovsk, Saint Petersburg before she died on 7 September 2011.
Awards
Order of the Red Banner (1942)
Order of the Patriotic War 2nd class (1985)
Order of the Red Star (1943)
Medal "For Battle Merit" (1944)
campaign and jubilee medals
Footnotes
References
Bibliography
1916 births
2011 deaths
Recipients of the Order of the Red Banner
Women air force personnel of the Soviet Union
Soviet women in World War II
Soviet World War II pilots
Peter J. Genova (born June 17, 1944) is an American Republican Party politician who was elected to two full terms in the New Jersey General Assembly, serving in office from 1985 to 1990, where he represented the 21st Legislative District.
Genova was elected to the General Assembly in a special election in 1985 to fill the seat left vacant by the death of Edward K. Gill in February 1985. Genova was elected to a full term in the Assembly together with running mate Chuck Hardwick in 1985, defeating Democrats Livio Mancino and Andrew K. Ruotolo Jr. Genova and Hardwick ran successfully together again in 1987, defeating challengers Robert Blitz and Brian W. Fahey. Genova had won a spot on the Republican ticket in the June 1989 primary, but stepped aside to leave a spot for Hardwick to run for re-election to the Assembly after Hardwick lost the Republican nomination for Governor of New Jersey to Jim Courter. After Genova stepped aside from running for re-election, Hardwick was chosen by acclamation at a July 1989 special convention of Republican county committee members to fill the now-vacant ballot spot. In the 1989 general election, Hardwick won re-election, but Democrat Neil M. Cohen won the other seat in the district over former Westfield, New Jersey Mayor Ronald J. Frigerio.
In 1987, Genova sponsored a bill targeted at the increasing use of the Spanish language by Hispanic immigrants to the state that would make English New Jersey's official language, stating that "Spanish has just grown too prominent in New Jersey". Genova argued that there was a need "to encourage people to respect English as the language of this country" and that where there is a choice between languages, English should be used exclusively.
In September 1987, a bill proposed by Genova to establish a cabinet-level department for services related to veterans passed in the Assembly by a 71-2 margin. A bill sponsored by Genova in 1988 would charge with disorderly conduct anyone who donated blood while knowing that they were infected with HIV or other communicable diseases.
References
1944 births
Living people
Members of the New Jersey General Assembly
New Jersey Republicans
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Murang'a () is a diocese located in the city of Murang'a in the Ecclesiastical province of Nyeri in Kenya.
History
March 17, 1983: Established as Diocese of Murang'a from Diocese of Nyeri
Leadership
Bishops of Murang'a (Roman rite)
Bishop Peter J. Kairo (17 Mar 1983 – 21 Apr 1997), appointed Bishop of Nakuru
Bishop Peter Kihara Kariuki, I.M.C. (3 Jun 1999 – 25 Nov 2006), appointed Bishop of Marsabit
Archbishop John Njue (Apostolic Administrator starting 2006.11) (Cardinal in 2007)
Bishop James Maria Wainaina [27 Jun 2009 to present]
See also
Roman Catholicism in Kenya
Sources
GCatholic.org
Catholic Hierarchy
Roman Catholic dioceses in Kenya
Christian organizations established in 1983
Roman Catholic dioceses and prelatures established in the 20th century
Roman Catholic Ecclesiastical Province of Nyeri
A Bailey bridge is a type of portable, pre-fabricated, truss bridge. It was developed in 1940–1941 by the British for military use during the Second World War and saw extensive use by British, Canadian and American military engineering units. A Bailey bridge has the advantages of requiring no special tools or heavy equipment to assemble. The wood and steel bridge elements were small and light enough to be carried in trucks and lifted into place by hand, without the use of a crane. The bridges were strong enough to carry tanks. Bailey bridges continue to be used extensively in civil engineering construction projects and to provide temporary crossings for pedestrian and vehicle traffic. A Bailey bridge and its construction were prominently featured in the 1977 film A Bridge Too Far.
Design
The success of the Bailey bridge was due to the simplicity of the fabrication and assembly of its modular components, combined with the ability to erect and deploy sections with a minimum of assistance from heavy equipment. Many previous designs for military bridges required cranes to lift the pre-assembled bridge and lower it into place. The Bailey parts were made of standard steel alloys, and were simple enough that parts made at a number of different factories were interchangeable. Each individual part could be carried by a small number of men, enabling army engineers to move more easily and quickly, in preparing the way for troops and matériel advancing behind them. The modular design allowed engineers to build each bridge to be as long and as strong as needed, doubling or tripling the supportive side panels, or on the roadbed sections.
The basic bridge consists of three main parts. The bridge's strength is provided by the panels on the sides. The panels are , , cross-braced rectangles that each weigh , and can be lifted by six men. The panel was constructed of welded steel. The top and bottom chord of each panel had interlocking male and female lugs into which engineers could insert panel connecting pins.
The floor of the bridge consists of a number of transoms that run across the bridge, with stringers running between them on the bottom, forming a square. Transoms rest on the lower chord of the panels, and clamps hold them together. Stringers are placed atop the completed structural frame, and wood planking is placed atop the stringers to provide a roadbed. Ribands bolt the planking to the stringers. Later in the war, the wooden planking was covered by steel plates, which were more resistant to damage of tank tracks.
Each unit constructed in this fashion creates a single section of bridge, with a roadbed. After one section is complete it is typically pushed forward over rollers on the bridgehead, and another section built behind it. The two are then connected together with pins pounded into holes in the corners of the panels.
For added strength up to three panels (and transoms) can be bolted on either side of the bridge. Another solution is to stack the panels vertically. With three panels across and two high, the Bailey Bridge can support tanks over a . Footways can be installed on the outside of the side-panels. The side-panels form an effective barrier between foot and vehicle traffic, allowing pedestrians to safely use the bridge.
A useful feature of the Bailey bridge is its ability to be launched from one side of a gap. In this system the front-most portion of the bridge is angled up with wedges into a "launching nose" and most of the bridge is left without the roadbed and ribands. The bridge is placed on rollers and simply pushed across the gap, using manpower or a truck or tracked vehicle, at which point the roller is removed (with the help of jacks) and the ribands and roadbed installed, along with any additional panels and transoms that might be needed.
During WWII, Bailey bridge parts were made by companies with little experience of this kind of engineering. Although the parts were simple, they had to be precisely manufactured to fit correctly, so they were assembled into a test bridge at the factory to verify this. To do this efficiently, newly manufactured parts would be continuously added to the test bridge, while at the same time the far end of the test bridge was continuously dismantled and the parts dispatched to the end-users.
History
Donald Bailey was a civil servant in the British War Office who tinkered with model bridges as a hobby. He had proposed an early prototype for a Bailey bridge before the war in 1936, but the idea was not acted upon. Bailey drew an original proposal for the bridge on the back of an envelope in 1940. On 14 February 1941, the Ministry of Supply requested that Bailey have a full-scale prototype completed by 1 May. Work on the bridge was completed with particular support from Ralph Freeman. The design was tested at the Experimental Bridging Establishment (EBE), in Christchurch, Dorset, with several parts from Braithwaite & Co., beginning in December 1940 and ending in 1941. The first prototype was tested in 1941. For early tests, the bridge was laid across a field, about above the ground, and several Mark V tanks were filled with pig iron and stacked upon each other.
The prototype of this was used to span Mother Siller's Channel, which cuts through the nearby Stanpit Marshes, an area of marshland at the confluence of the River Avon and the River Stour. It remains there () as a functioning bridge. Full production began in July 1941. Thousands of workers and over 650 firms, including Littlewoods, were engaged in making the bridge, with production eventually rising to 25,000 bridge panels a month. The first Bailey bridges were in military service by December 1941, Bridges in the other formats were built, temporarily, to cross the Avon and Stour in the meadows nearby. After successful development and testing, the bridge was taken into service by the Corps of Royal Engineers and first used in North Africa in 1942.
The original design violated a patent on the Callender-Hamilton bridge. The designer of that bridge, A. M. Hamilton, successfully applied to the Royal Commission on Awards to Inventors. The Bailey Bridge was more easily constructed, but less portable than the Hamilton bridge. Hamilton was awarded £4,000 in 1936 by the War Office for the use of his early bridges and the Royal Commission on Awards to Inventors awarded him £10,000 in 1954 for the use, mainly in Asia, of his later bridges. Lieutenant General Sir Giffard Le Quesne Martel was awarded £500 for infringement on the design of his box girder bridge, the Martel bridge. Bailey was later knighted for his invention, and awarded £12,000.
Use in the Second World War
The first operational Bailey bridge during the Second World War was built by 237 Field Company R.E. over Medjerda River near Medjez el Bab in Tunisia on the night of 26 November 1942. The first Bailey bridge built under fire was constructed at Leonforte by members of the 3rd Field Company, Royal Canadian Engineers. The Americans soon adopted the Bailey bridge technique, calling it the Portable Panel Bridge. In early 1942, the United States Army Corps of Engineers initially awarded contracts to the Detroit Steel Products Company, the American Elevator Company and the Commercial Shearing and Stamping Company, and later several others.
The Bailey provided a solution to the problem of German and Italian armies destroying bridges as they retreated. By the end of the war, the US Fifth Army and British 8th Army had built over 3,000 Bailey bridges in Sicily and Italy alone, totaling over of bridge, at an average length of . One Bailey, built to replace the Sangro River bridge in Italy, spanned . Another on the Chindwin River in Burma, spanned . Such long bridges required support from either piers or pontoons.
A number of bridges were available by 1944 for D-Day, when production was accelerated. The US also licensed the design and started rapid construction for their own use. A Bailey Bridge constructed over the River Rhine at Rees, Germany, in 1945 by the Royal Canadian Engineers was named "Blackfriars Bridge", and, at 558 m (1814 ft) including the ramps at each end, was then the longest Bailey bridge ever constructed. In all, over 600 firms were involved in the making of over 200 miles of bridges composing of 500,000 tons, or 700,000 panels of bridging during the war. At least 2,500 Bailey bridges were built in Italy, and another 2,000 elsewhere.
Field Marshal Bernard Montgomery wrote in 1947:
Post-war applications
The Skylark launch tower at Woomera was built up of Bailey bridge components. In the years immediately following World War II, the Ontario Hydro-Electric Power Commission purchased huge amounts of war-surplus Bailey bridging from the Canadian War Assets Corporation. The commission used bridging in an office building. Over 200,000 tons of bridging were used in a hydroelectric project. The Ontario government was, several years after World War II, the largest holder of Bailey Bridging components. After Hurricane Hazel in 1954, some of the bridging was used to construct replacement bridges in the Toronto area. The Old Finch Avenue Bailey Bridge, built by the 2nd Field Engineer Regiment, is the last still in use.
The longest Bailey bridge was put into service in October 1975. This , two-lane bridge crossed the Derwent River at Hobart, Australia. The Bailey bridge was in use until the reconstruction of the Tasman Bridge was completed on 8 October 1977. Bailey bridges are in regular use throughout the world, particularly as a means of bridging in remote regions. In 2018, the Indian Army erected three new footbridges at Elphinstone Road, a commuter railway station in Mumbai, and at Currey Road and Ambivli. These were erected quickly, in response to a stampede some months earlier, where 23 people died. The United States Army Corps of Engineers uses Bailey Bridges in construction projects, including an emergency replacement bridge on the Hana Highway in Hawaii. Two temporary Bailey bridges have been used on the northern span of the Dufferin Street bridges in Toronto since 2014.
In 2017 the Irish Army built a Bailey bridge to replace a road bridge across the river Cabry, in County Donegal, after the original bridge was destroyed in floods.
In 2021 a Bailey bridge was built across the river Dijle in Rijmenam (Belgium) for the transportation of excavated soil from one side to the other of the river. The bridge allowed the trucks to cross the river without having to pass the city center.
In March 2021, the Michigan Department of Transportation constructed a Bailey bridge on M-30 to temporarily reconnect the highway after the old structure was destroyed in the May 2020 flooding and subsequent failure of the Edenville Dam. The department will replace the temporary bridge with a permanent structure in the coming years.
Gallery
See also
AM 50
Armoured vehicle-launched bridge
Mabey Logistic Support Bridge
Medium Girder Bridge a modern bridge of analogous use
Military engineer
Pontoon bridge for another bridge type with mobile military application
References
Bibliography
External links
Bailey Bridges in New Zealand
Animated build of a modern Mabey Compact 200 Bridge (similar to the original Bailey Bridge)
US Army Field Manual FM5-277 Dated 9 May 1986.
Portable bridges
Truss bridges by type
Military bridging equipment
English inventions
Kimberly Orline Julsing (born 24 April 1998) is a German-Aruban model and beauty pageant titleholder who won the Miss Aruba 2018 on 7 June 2018. She represented Aruba at the Miss Universe 2018 pageant.
Personal life
Julsing lives in Daimari, Aruba. She studied at E.P.I Health & Service. She was awarded as Best of the Best Beauty World 2017.
Pageantry
Miss Aruba 2018
On 7 June 2018 Julsing was crowned Miss Aruba 2018 under new management in Aruba at the Alhambra Ballroom in Divi Resorts, Oranjestad.
Miss Universe 2018
Julsing represented Aruba at the Miss Universe 2018 later this year, but was unplaced.
References
External links
MissArubaPageant
Missuniverse.com
Living people
1998 births
Miss Universe 2018 contestants
Aruban beauty pageant winners
Aruban female models
German emigrants to the Netherlands
A Small Problem is a British sitcom originally broadcast on BBC2 in 1987. Intended as a satire on prejudice, and starring Christopher Ryan who had previously played Mike in The Young Ones, the show was set in a Britain with a form of apartheid based on people's height. Anyone below 5 ft tall was forced to live in tower-block ghettos south of the River Thames. However, many viewers appeared not to understand the satirical aspect of the show, and the BBC was flooded with complaints.
It was written by comedy writers Tony Millan and Mike Walling. The theme tune was written by Mo Foster and Mike Walling.
See also
Heightism
External links
1987 British television series debuts
1987 British television series endings
1980s British sitcoms
BBC television sitcoms
English-language television shows
Television shows set in London
Te-Shawn Alleyne (born 8 October 1999) is a Trinidadian cricketer. He made his List A debut for the West Indies Under-19s in the 2016–17 Regional Super50 on 25 January 2017.
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
West Indies under-19 cricketers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Events from the year 1752 in Great Britain.
Incumbents
Monarch – George II
Prime Minister – Henry Pelham (Whig)
Parliament – 10th
Events
1 January – the British Empire (except Scotland, which had changed New Year's Day to 1 January in 1600) adopts today as the first day of the year as part of adoption of the Gregorian calendar, which is completed in September: today is the first day of the New Year under the terms of last year's Calendar Act.
26 February – first performance of Handel's oratorio Jephtha in London.
17 March – Parliament passes a bill to bestow estates forfeited by Jacobites to the Crown and to use the revenue to develop the Scottish Highlands.
1 June – Murder Act 1751 comes into effect, providing that the bodies of hanged murderers should suffer public dissection or (for men) hanging in the gibbet.
14 June – Robert Clive forces the surrender of French troops in the aftermath of the Siege of Trichinopoly in India.
3–13 September inclusive – these dates are omitted from the calendar in the British Empire as part of the adoption of the Gregorian calendar to correct the discrepancy between the Old Style and New Style dates under the terms of last year's Calendar Act. Claims of riots over the perceived loss of the days are without contemporary authority.
Undated
Foundation of what will become the Manchester Royal Infirmary as a cottage hospital in Garden Street, Manchester, by Charles White (surgeon).
Publications
Letters on the Study of History, Henry St John, 1st Viscount Bolingbroke posthumously.
Essay on Musical Expression, Charles Avison.
Births
18 January
Josiah Boydell, painter and publisher (died 1817)
John Nash, architect (died 1835)
March – Edward Jones (Bardd y Brenin), Welsh harpist (died 1824)
21 April – Humphry Repton, garden designer (died 1818)
13 June – Fanny Burney, novelist and diarist (died 1840)
30 July – Valentine Quin, 1st Earl of Dunraven and Mount-Earl, Irish peer (died 1824)
14 October – John Milner, Roman Catholic bishop and religious controversialist (died 1826)
20 November – Thomas Chatterton, poet (died 1770)
Deaths
16 January – Francis Blomefield, topographer (born 1705)
3 May – Samuel Ogle, provincial Governor of Maryland (born 1694)
23 May – William Bradford, printer (born 1663)
16 June – Joseph Butler, priest and theologian (born 1692)
22 August – William Whiston, mathematician (born 1667)
6 November – Ralph Erskine, minister (born 1685)
8 November – James of the Glen, wrongfully hanged as an accessory to the Appin Murder in Scotland (year of birth unknown)
References
Years in Great Britain
Kost Levytsky (; 18 November 1859 – 12 November 1941) was a Ukrainian politician. He was a founder of the Ukrainian National Democratic movement and the leader of the State Representative Body of the Ukrainian government declared on June 30, 1941.
Biography
Levytsky was born on November 18, 1859 in the settlement of Tysmenytsia of today's Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast into the family of a Greek Catholic priest. He was the oldest child of Rev. Antin Levytsky (b. ab. 1832 - d. 1909), who was in particular the priest in Nyzhniv and Constancia Kozorowska Levytska (b. ab. 1843 - d. 17 Feb. 1900). After finishing the Stanislaviv gymnasium he studied at Law faculties of Lviv and Vienna Universities. In 1884 he was awarded the Doctor's degree in law, and in 1890 opened the barrister's office in Lviv.
Kost Levytsky took active part in public and political life in his student years, he was one of the leaders of Academic Fraternity, the Circle of Law. From the first years of his barrister's practice K. Levytsky was a practical advocate of the rights and freedoms of people. He united his professional activity with that in the sphere of Ukrainian enterprises, he was a co-founder and leading figure in the economic associations Zorya, People's trade, Dniester, Province Credit Union. At the same time he was a well-known scientist in law, translated foreign laws into Ukrainian, worked with Ukrainian law terminology; he had published German-Ukrainian Law Dictionary, a series of popular works in law for the broad circles of Galician people, founded such professional editions as Chasopys pravnycha (Law periodical) and Zhyttia i pravo (Life and Law) and was their editor.
Political career
Kost Levytsky was a patriarch of Ukrainian political life, leader of the land's first political organization Narodna Rada (People's Council, 1885), a cofounder and a head of Ukrainian National Democratic Party. In 1907 he was elected an ambassador of the Austrian parliament, in 1908, that of Galician Sejm, headed the ambassador's clubs. He fought for the national aspirations of Ukrainian people. K. Levytsky was the author of the conception of the national movement development through evolution, organic work and broad political work in masses; he was the adherent of the strategic course for Galicia autonomy as the first step to ward statehood. He favoured development of the mass Ukrainian societies, units of intellectuals, peasants, youths, the Sokil-Sich movement.
First World War and its aftermath
At the onset of the World War I he headed the Supreme Ukrainian Council (1914) in Vienna, which defined Tsarist Russia as the main enemy of the nation, and called Ukrainians to the struggle against it for the restoration of a united Ukrainian state.
In 1916, as a prosecutor for the Austro-Hungarian Empire, he played a role in the sentencing to death of Ukrainian Russophiles, and sent others to imprisonment in Talerhof.
In Autumn 1918, in the course of disintegration of the Austro-Hungarian empire K. Levytsky became a member of the Ukrainian National Council, which announced formation of the Ukrainian state on October 19, and on November 1 the Council headed a victorious armed uprising in Lviv, Galicia and Bukovina, which resulted in formation of the West Ukrainian People's Republic (ZUNR). Being an experienced public and political figure, K. Levytsky headed the first government – State Secretariate – which developed under the war the state and army formation activity for independence against Poland.
After K. Levytsky's resignation in December 1918 he was a head of the commission on elaboration of the election reform, a representative in the affairs of press and propaganda, in foreign affairs; he also headed diplomatic missions of ZUNR which were sent to Riga (1920), Geneva (1921), he was a member of the ZUNR delegation in Genoa (1922), headed a Committee of political emigration. After the government self-liquidation in 1923, in accordance with the decision of the League of Nations on annexation of Eastern Galicia, he returned to Lwów.
In the years between wars he was a member of the Central Committee of the Ukrainian National Democratic Association (1925–1939), was a director of Centrobank, head of the Union of Ukrainian Barristers, author of fundamental scientific works including The History of the Liberation Struggles of the Galician Ukrainians Since the War of 1914–1918 (Parts I–III. – Lviv, 1929–1930), The Great Derangement: On the History of Ukrainian State in March–November 1918 on the Basis of Recollections and Documents (Lviv, 1931).
Second World War and the independent Ukrainian state
After the Soviet Army invasion of Poland, in September 1939 (according to the secret part of Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact), he was arrested by the People's Commissariat for Internal Affairs and incarcerated in Lubyanka prison in Moscow. Joseph Stalin, Nikita Khrushchev, Vyacheslav Molotov, and Lavrentiy Beria were involved in the proceedings concerning his case. In the spring of 1941, he was released and returned to Lwów. After the start of Operation Barbarossa, the German invasion of the Soviet Union, an independent Ukrainian State was proclaimed on June 30, 1941. Levytsky headed the State Representative Body – a Council of Seniors (Ukrainian National Council). He worked to curb the excesses of the occupational regime, carried on negotiations with the administration of Distrikt Galizien, petitioned to end groundless repressions, and pleaded for the release of prisoners, often with positive results.
Death
Kost Levytsky died on November 12, 1941 and was buried at in Lviv.
See also
Yevhen Petrushevych
Sources
Display Page at www.encyclopediaofukraine.com
Ukraine at www.worldstatesmen.org
Government portal :: Governments of the West Ukrainian People's Republic - Officials at www.kmu.gov.ua
Struggle for Independence (1917–20) at www.encyclopediaofukraine.com
Government portal :: Governments of the West Ukrainian People's Republic at www.kmu.gov.ua
References
External links
Vasyl Mudry, Levytsky, Kost in the Internet Encyclopedia of Ukraine, vol. 3 (1993)
1859 births
1941 deaths
People from Tysmenytsia
People from the Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria
Ukrainian Austro-Hungarians
Members of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church
Ukrainian National Democratic Alliance politicians
Members of the Austrian House of Deputies (1907–1911)
Members of the Austrian House of Deputies (1911–1918)
Leaders of Ukraine
Ukrainian diplomats
Foreign ministers of Ukraine
Austro-Hungarian prosecutors
University of Lviv alumni
Ukrainian nationalists
West Ukrainian People's Republic people
Ukrainian independence activists
Rick Fraser (born October 28, 1959) is a Canadian professional chuckwagon racer. He is a two-time World Champion Chuckwagon Driver, a six-time Calgary Stampede Rangeland Derby Champion Outrider, and has won 20 show titles in 21 years of competing on the WPCA Pro Tour.
Career
Fraser grew up in Grande Prairie, Alberta, the son of Joan (née Dorchester) and step-son to former World and Calgary Stampede Champion Chuckwagon Driver Dave Lewis. He started his chuckwagon racing career as an outrider when he was 16 in 1976, and began driving when he was 22 in 1982 on the World Professional Chuckwagon Association (WPCA) circuit. Driving his step-father's outfit, Rick became the first rookie to win a show on the WPCA Pro Tour when he captured the Strathmore Heritage Days in 1982. He was also named the WPCA Top Rookie Driver in 1982. He won his first Calgary Stampede trophy that same year as an outrider for his step-father Dave Lewis. The following year in 1983, Rick won two more show championships at the Grande Prairie Stompede and captured his first major chuckwagon show a few weeks later at the Ponoka Stampede.
Over the next 14 years, Rick only drove parts of two seasons (1985 & 1987), but continued to compete part-time as an outrider. In that time, Rick won three Calgary Stampede Rangeland Derby championships as an outrider for his uncle Dallas Dorchester in 1984, and twice more for his step-father Dave Lewis in 1988 and 1990. He would win the Calgary Stampede twice more in 1998 and 1999 as an outrider for Kelly Sutherland.
Rick returned to driving in 1998 on the WPCA Pro Tour, and qualified for his first Calgary Stampede Rangeland Derby as a driver in 1999 where he won the Orville Strandquist Award for top rookie driver (despite his early success as a driver, his Dave Lewis drove their wagon in the Calgary Stampede). He won his first show championship since returning to the driver's seat in 2002 at the Grande Prairie Stompede, and would be a regular winner ever since, capturing an additional 16 titles through the 2014 season. In 2005 Rick received the Calgary Stampede's prestigious Guy Weadick Award which is presented annually to the one chuckwagon or rodeo competitor who best embodies what the cowboy stands for, and who best typifies the spirit of the Calgary Stampede. It is based upon ability, appearance, showmanship, character, sportsmanship and cooperation with other cowboys, the arena crew, the media and the public. Rick won his first World Chuckwagon Championship in 2004 and his second in 2013, and his horses have collected an impressive 8 Calgary Stampede and WPCA Equine Outfit of Excellence awards. Rick retired at the end of the 2018 Calgary Stampede
Professional Wins
2004 World Champion Chuckwagon Driver
2013 World Champion Chuckwagon Driver
Show Wins - Driver (20)
1982 (1) Strathmore Heritage Days
1983 (2) Grande Prairie Stompede, Ponoka Stampede Champion Driver
2002 (2) Grande Prairie Stompede, Strathmore Heritage Days
2003 (2) Medicine Hat Exhibition & Stampede, North American Chuckwagon Championship
2004 (3) Rocky Mountain Turf Club Derby, Klondike Chuckwagon Derby, Strathmore Heritage Days Stmpede
2005 (2) North American Chuckwagon Championship, Klondike Chuckwagon Derby
2010 (1) Battle of the Rockies
2011 (2) Grande Prairie Stompede, Battle of the North
2013 (3) Grande Prairie Stompede, Medicine Hat Exhibition & Stampede, Battle of the North
2014 (2) Guy Weadick Days, Bonnyville Chuckwagon Championship
Major Wins - Outrider (11)
1982 (2) Calgary Stampede Rangeland Derby Champion Outrider, Calgary Stampede Aggregate Champion Outrider
1983 (1) Calgary Stampede Aggregate Champion Outrider
1984 (1) Calgary Stampede Rangeland Derby Champion Outrider
1988 (2) Calgary Stampede Rangeland Derby Champion Outrider, Calgary Stampede Aggregate Champion Outrider
1990 (2) Calgary Stampede Rangeland Derby Champion Outrider, Ponoka Stampede Champion Outrider
1992 (1) Ponoka Stampede Champion Outrider
1998 (1) Calgary Stampede Rangeland Derby Champion Outrider
1999 (1) Calgary Stampede Rangeland Derby Champion Outrider, Calgary Stampede Aggregate Champion Outrider
Awards
WPCA Top Rookie Driver (1982)
Orville Strandquist Award (1999)
WPCA Showmanship Award (2001)
Guy Weadick Award (2005)
WPCA Equine Award Of Excellence - "NICKLE" - Champion Left Leader (2010)
WPCA Equine Outfit of Excellence - "MAX" - Champion Outriding Horse (2011)
Calgary Stampede Equine Outfit of Excellence - "MAX" - Champion Outriding Horse (2012)
WPCA Equine Outfit of Excellence - "BEAU" - Champion Outriding Horse (2012)
Calgary Stampede Equine Outfit of Excellence - "NICKLE" - Champion Left Leader (2013)
WPCA Equine Outfit of Excellence - "SPIERMAN" - Champion Right Leader (2013)
GMC Sierra Cup Series (2013)
Calgary Stampede Equine Outfit of Excellence - "LAW" - Champion Right Wheeler (2014)
WPCA Equine Outfit of Excellence - "LAW" - Champion Right Wheeler (2014)
Personal life
Rick is a third generation chuckwagon driver whose grandfather Tom Dorchester was a former World and Calgary Stampede champion. His stepfather Dave Lewis, and uncles Dallas Dorchester and Garry Dorchester were also former World and Calgary Stampede champions. Rick and his wife Sue have three children - Amy, Kaylee and Cody - and one grandchild. His son Cody is beginning his career as a chuckwagon driver.
References
External links
Rick Fraser's profile at www.halfmileofhell.com
Calgary Stampede Guy Weadick Award
1959 births
Living people
People from Grande Prairie
Sportspeople from Alberta
The Bandit of Hell's Bend is a Western fiction novel by American writer Edgar Rice Burroughs, published in serial form in the Argosy All-Story Weekly in September and October 1924. The book version was first published by A. C. McClurg on June 4, 1925.
The novel is one of four Westerns that Burroughs wrote. He had two working titles for it: "The Black Coyote" and "Diana of the Bar Y".
Plot summary
Elias Henders is the prosperous owner of a ranch and a gold mine. Competing for his daughter Diana, ranch hand Colby sabotages recovering alcoholic foreman Bull, and takes his job. The local stage is repeatedly robbed of gold bullion from the owner's mine, and Bull is suspected. The cowardly sheriff does not take action on the robberies. Rich Easterner Wainwright tries to buy the mine and ranch for a low price, but Henders refuses the offer and discusses the property's true value with Diana. She is intrigued by Wainwright's Eastern-educated son Jefferson, who proposes marriage. However, when they are attacked by Indians during the roundup, he runs rather than defend her. Henders is mortally wounded in the battle.
Henders will bequeath his property to his brother John back East so that he can take care of Diana, but John dies too. The Wainwrights pretend that Henders had agreed to a sale, but Diana knows better. Diana's Eastern cousin Lillian brings Corson, a lawyer, to try to seize the ranch and gold mine. They insist that the ranch and mine are nearly played out, and that they should sell the property, offering her a small amount. They show their ignorance about western ways. Bull encourages Diana that the property is worth more than they say, and advises her that the Wainwrights are often at the mine. The Eastern lawyer finally announces that Diana has no property rights due to the wills.
As pressure from the opposing forces builds, a mob goes to hang Bull for the stage robberies, but Diana warns him in time. Bull discovers there are papers that will prove Diana's claim to the property, and that Lillian has seduced Colby to obtain his help. Bull actually does rob the stage, simply to obtain the papers supporting Diana. Diana recognizes him at the robbery, and is devastated because she is starting to have feelings for him. She orders the Wainwrights, Lillian and Corson off the property, and fires Colby.
Bull has the Mexican Gregorio delivers the important papers to Diana, showing that Lillian is not related to John and thus not entitled to the property. The villains try to take over the ranch. Bull catches Colby robbing the bullion stage, and has him watched in town, but he is released by the sheriff and his friends. Colby kidnaps Diana and heads for Mexico. He claims to be rescuing her, but she knows that she does not love him. Bull follows her doggedly, and eventually rescues her. They return to town, stop the illegal title transfers and announce their impending marriage.
Copyright
The copyright for this story expired in Australia before the American copyright did and it thus entered the public domain earlier there; the text is available via Project Gutenberg Australia. The story entered the public domain in the United States on January 1, 2021.
Comic strip adaptation
Al Martin Napoletano made a comic strip adaptation of The Bandit of Hell's Bend for The Jasoomian.
Footnotes
External links
ERBzine.com C.H.A.S.E.R ENCYCLOPEDIA Entry for THE BANDIT OF HELL'S BEND
Tarzan.com
Text of the novel at Project Gutenberg Australia
Edgar Rice Burroughs Summary Project page for The Bandit of Hell's Bend
1924 American novels
Novels by Edgar Rice Burroughs
Western (genre) novels
Works originally published in Argosy (magazine)
Southwestern United States in fiction
Novels adapted into comics
A. C. McClurg books
Močioci is a village in the municipality of Ivanjica, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 112 inhabitants.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Bring 'Em Back Alive may refer to the book by the collector of animals, Frank Buck, published in 1930. Buck created the documentary film of the same name in association with RKO Pictures, released in 1932. A 1980s fictional television series of the same name revolves on Frank Buck in Singapore.
Bring 'Em Back Alive (book), a 1930 non-fiction adventure book by Frank Buck
Bring 'Em Back Alive (film), a 1932 jungle adventure documentary starring Frank Buck
Bring 'Em Back Alive (TV series), a 1982–83 adventure television series starring Bruce Boxleitner as Frank Buck
Samuel Clinton Hinote is a United States Air Force lieutenant general currently serving as the Deputy Chief of Staff for Air Force Futures. Prior to serving in his current position, he was the Deputy Director for Air Force Warfighting Integration Capability, Deputy Chief of Staff for Strategic Plans and Requirements.
Awards and decorations
Effective dates of promotions
References
Air University (United States Air Force) alumni
Harvard Kennedy School alumni
Living people
Recipients of the Defense Superior Service Medal
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
United States Air Force Academy alumni
United States Air Force generals
Year of birth uncertain
The Calgary Olympic Development Association (CODA), operating as WinSport, is a non-profit organization based in Calgary, Alberta, Canada whose mandate is to provide training and development to Canada's Olympic athletes, and to maintain the facilities built for the 1988 Winter Olympics. The organization was founded in 1956 to bring the Olympics to Calgary, succeeding in its fourth attempt. WinSport has been credited with dramatically improving Canada's performance at the Olympics, as medal totals have increased at each subsequent Winter Games held since 1988, to a peak of 26 in the 2010 Winter Olympics.
History
CODA was formed in 1956 with the aim of bringing the Winter Olympic Games to Calgary. It bid for both the 1964 and 1968 games, losing to Innsbruck, Austria and Grenoble, France, respectively. Aided by Peter Lougheed, CODA made a third bid for the 1972 games. The effort appeared to be a sure winner before environmentalists protested Calgary's bid, arguing that the games would cause irreparable damage to Banff National Park. Calgary once again lost, finishing second to Sapporo, Japan. CODA became dormant following the 1966 vote.
In 1979, CODA was resurrected as Calgary began its fourth attempt, initiating a bid for the 1988 games. Led by chairman Frank King, and relying on thousands of volunteers, CODA spent four years attempting to woo support, attending every major sporting event it could to sell International Olympic Committee (IOC) members on Calgary. Calgary faced strong bids from Falun–Åre, Sweden and Cortina d'Ampezzo, Italy, the latter bidder pressuring the IOC to "punish" the Calgary bid for Canada's boycott of the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow. Calgary nonetheless won the bid at a vote held in Baden-Baden, West Germany on September 30, 1981.
CODA gave way to the Calgary Olympic Committee (Olympiques Calgary Olympics '88, or OCO '88), which organized the games themselves. The Calgary games generated a C$90 million profit, of which $70.5 million was created into an endowment fund for CODA to maintain and operate the Olympic facilities following the games. Today, that fund has grown to $185 million. The Toronto Star challenged the claim of profitability in 1999 following Toronto's failed bid for the 1996 Summer Olympics, claiming that $461 million in government spending was not accounted for in the final figures.
With the completion of the games, CODA rededicated itself to maintaining the facilities left in the legacy of the games, and in developing Canada's Olympic athletes. CODA is credited with contributing to Canada's dramatic improvement at the Winter Olympics, as the nation has seen an increase in podium finishes in every game since Calgary, growing to 26 medals at the 2010 Winter Games from just five at Calgary.
On January 23, 2009, CODA began operating as the Canadian Winter Sport Institute, or "WinSport", the first such institution in Canada.
Facilities
WinSport maintains several facilities built for the 1988 games. Chief among them is Canada Olympic Park (COP). The primary facility of Canada's first Centre of Sport Excellence, COP still receives over one million visitors per year. COP is also home to Canada's Sports Hall of Fame.
The Olympic Oval was the first covered speed skating venue in North America, and remains one of the fastest speed skating surfaces in the world. Over 150 world records have been set at the Oval. The Oval continues to host international speed skating events. It also served as the home arena for the Calgary Inferno women's ice hockey team.
WinSport also runs the National Sport School in partnership with the Calgary Board of Education. Founded in 1994, the National Sport School is specifically designed for Olympic calibre students in grades nine through 12, allowing them to compete internationally without compromising their studies. 20 current or former students at the school represented Canada at the 2006 Winter Olympics.
References
Further reading
External links
https://www.winsport.ca/
1988 Winter Olympics
Non-profit organizations based in Alberta
Sports organizations of Canada
Piret Bristol (born 18 April 1968) is an Estonian poet, prosaist, and novelist.
From 1986 to 2001, she studied Estonian literature in Tartu University.
From 1996 to 2007, she was a freelance writer. From 2007 to 2011, she was a copy editor for the newspaper Postimees. From 2011 to 2014, she was the head of the Tartu branch of the Estonian Writers' Union.
Selected works
1996 short story "Turvamehed" ('Security Guards')
2007 prose collection "Paralleelmeri" ('Parallel Sea')
2011-2013 three-part novel series "Maailm, mis on hea" ('A World That Is Good')
References
External links
Piret Bristol at Estonian Writers' Online Dictionary
1968 births
Living people
Estonian women novelists
Estonian women poets
21st-century Estonian poets
20th-century Estonian women writers
21st-century Estonian women writers
Estonian women short story writers
University of Tartu alumni
The American Broadcasting Company (ABC) is an American broadcast television television network owned by the Disney Media Networks subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company, which originated in 1927 as the NBC Blue radio network, and five years after its 1942 divorce from NBC and purchase by Edward J. Noble (adopting its current name the following year), expanded into television in April 1948. The network currently has eight owned-and-operated stations, and current affiliation agreements with 242 other television stations.
This article is a listing of current ABC affiliates in the continental United States and U.S. possessions (including subchannel affiliates, satellite stations and select low-power translators), arranged alphabetically by state, and based on the station's city of license, and followed in parentheses by the Designated Market Area if it differs from the city of license. There are links to and articles on each of the stations, describing their histories, local programming and technical information, such as broadcast frequencies.
The station's advertised channel number follows the call letters. In most cases, this is their virtual channel (PSIP) number.
Stations listed in boldface are owned and operated by ABC through its subsidiary ABC Owned Television Stations.
United States
Alabama
Anniston – WGWW-DT2 40.2 (simulcast of WBMA-LD)
Birmingham – WBMA-LD 58 / WABM-DT2 68.2
Dothan – WDHN 18
Huntsville – WAAY-TV 31
Montgomery – WNCF 32
Tuscaloosa – WDBB-DT2 17.2 (satellite of WBMA-LD)
Alaska
Some ABC programming is broadcast on the Alaska Rural Communications Service (ARCS).
Anchorage – KYUR 13
Fairbanks – KATN 2
Juneau – KJUD 8
Arizona
Phoenix – KNXV-TV 15
Tucson – KGUN-TV 9
Arkansas
Fayetteville – KHOG-TV 29 (satellite of KHBS)
Fort Smith – KHBS 40
Jonesboro – KAIT 8
Little Rock – KATV 7
California
Arcata (Eureka) – KAEF-TV 23 (semi-satellite of KRCR-TV)
Bakersfield – KERO-TV 23
El Centro (Yuma, Arizona) – KECY-DT2 9.2
Fresno – KFSN-TV 30
Los Angeles – KABC-TV 7
Palm Springs – KESQ-TV 42
Redding (Chico) – KRCR-TV 7
Sacramento – KXTV 10
Salinas (Monterey) – KSBW-DT2 8.2
San Diego – KGTV 10
San Francisco – KGO-TV 7
Santa Barbara – KEYT-TV 3
Colorado
Colorado Springs – KRDO-TV 13
Denver – KMGH-TV 7
Grand Junction – KJCT-LP 8
Connecticut
New Haven (Hartford) – WTNH-TV 8
Delaware
None; served by WPVI-TV Philadelphia and WMDT Salisbury, MD
District of Columbia
Washington – WJLA-TV 7
Florida
Gainesville – WCJB-TV 20
Miami – WPLG 10
Naples (Fort Myers) – WZVN-TV 26
Orange Park (Jacksonville) – WJXX 25
Orlando – WFTV 9
Panama City – WMBB 13
Pensacola (Mobile, Alabama) – WEAR-TV 3
Sarasota – WWSB 40
Tallahassee – WTXL-TV 27
Tampa – WFTS-TV 28
Tequesta (West Palm Beach) – WPBF 25
Georgia
Albany – WALB-DT2 10.2
Atlanta – WSB-TV 2
Augusta – WJBF 6
Columbus – WTVM 9
Macon – WGXA-DT2 24.2
Savannah – WJCL 22
Hawaii
Hilo – KHVO-TV 4 (satellite of KITV)
Honolulu – KITV 4
Wailuku – KMAU-TV 4 (satellite of KITV)
Idaho
Idaho Falls (Pocatello) – KIFI-TV 8
Nampa (Boise) – KIVI-TV 6
Twin Falls – KSAW-LD 6 (satellite of KIVI)
Illinois
Champaign – WICD 15 (semi-satellite of WICS)
Chicago – WLS-TV 7
Harrisburg (Paducah, Kentucky) – WSIL-TV 3
Moline (Davenport, Iowa) (Quad Cities) – WQAD-TV 8
Peoria – WEEK-DT2 25.2
Rockford – WTVO 17
Springfield – WICS 20
Indiana
Evansville – WEHT 25
Fort Wayne – WPTA 21
Indianapolis – WRTV 6
Lafayette – WPBY-LD 35
South Bend – WBND-LD 57
Terre Haute – WAWV-TV 38
Iowa
Ames (Des Moines) – WOI-DT 5
Cedar Rapids – KCRG-TV 9
Sioux City – KCAU-TV 9
Kansas
Colby – KLBY 4 (satellite of KAKE)
Garden City (Dodge City) – KUPK 13 (satellite of KAKE)
Great Bend – KGBD-LD 30 (repeater of KAKE)
Salina – KHDS-LD 51 (repeater of KAKE)
Topeka – KTKA-TV 49
Wichita – KAKE 10
Kentucky
Bowling Green – WBKO-TV 13
Lexington – WTVQ-DT 36
Louisville – WHAS-TV 11
Louisiana
Alexandria – KLAX-TV 31
Baton Rouge – WBRZ-TV 2
Lafayette – KATC 3
Lake Charles – KVHP-DT2 29.2
Monroe – KNOE-DT2 8.2
New Orleans – WGNO 26
Shreveport – KTBS-TV 3
Maine
Bangor – WVII-TV 7
Poland Spring (Portland) – WMTW 8
Maryland
Baltimore – WMAR-TV 2
Salisbury – WMDT 47
Massachusetts
Boston – WCVB-TV 5
New Bedford (Providence, Rhode Island) – WLNE-TV 6
Springfield – WGGB-TV 40
Michigan
Alpena – WBKB-DT3 11.3
Battle Creek – WOTV 41
Detroit – WXYZ-TV 7
Flint – WJRT-TV 12
Grand Rapids – WZZM 13
Ishpeming (Marquette) – WBUP 10
Lansing – WLAJ 53
Sault Ste. Marie – WGTQ 8 (satellite of WGTU)
Traverse City – WGTU 29
Minnesota
Alexandria – KSAX-TV 42 (satellite of KSTP-TV)
Austin (Rochester) – KAAL 6
Duluth – WDIO-DT 10
Hibbing – WIRT 13 (satellite of WDIO-DT)
Redwood Falls – KRWF 43 (satellite of KSTP-TV)
St. James (Mankato) – K30FN 5 (translator of KSTP-TV)
Saint Paul (Minneapolis) – KSTP-TV 5
Mississippi
Biloxi – WLOX 13
Greenwood – WABG-TV 6
Jackson – WAPT 16
Laurel (Hattiesburg) – WDAM-DT2 7.2
Meridian – WTOK-TV 11
Tupelo – WTVA-DT2 9.2
Missouri
Columbia – KMIZ 17
Hannibal (Quincy, Illinois) – KHQA-TV 7.2
Joplin – KODE-TV 12
Kansas City – KMBC-TV 9
Kirksville (Ottumwa, Iowa) – KTVO 3
Poplar Bluff – KPOB-TV 15 (satellite of WSIL-TV, Harrisburg, Ill.)
Saint Joseph – KQTV 2
Saint Louis – KDNL-TV 30
Springfield – KSPR-LD 33
Montana
Billings – KSVI 6
Bozeman – KWYB-LD 28 (repeater of KWYB)
Butte – KWYB 18
Great Falls – KFBB-TV 5
Helena – KHBB-LD 21 (repeater of KFBB-TV)
Missoula – KTMF 23
Nebraska
Hayes Center – KWNB-TV 6 (satellite of KHGI-TV)
Kearney – KHGI-TV 13
Lincoln – KLKN 8
North Platte – KHGI-CD 13 (repeater of KHGI-TV)
Omaha – KETV 7
Nevada
Las Vegas – KTNV-TV 13
Reno – KOLO-TV 8
New Hampshire
Manchester – WMUR-TV 9
New Jersey
None; served by WABC-TV New York and WPVI-TV Philadelphia
New Mexico
Albuquerque – KOAT-TV 7
Clovis – KVIH-TV 12 (satellite of KVII-TV, Amarillo, Texas)
New York
Albany – WTEN 10
Binghamton – WIVT 34
Buffalo – WKBW-TV 7
Elmira – WENY-TV 36
New York City – WABC-TV 7
Rochester – WHAM-TV 13
Syracuse – WSYR-TV 9
Utica – WUTR 20
Watertown – WWTI 50
North Carolina
Asheville – WLOS 13
Charlotte – WSOC-TV 9
Durham (Raleigh) – WTVD 11
New Bern (Greenville) – WCTI-TV 12
Wilmington – WWAY 3
Winston-Salem (Greensboro) – WXLV-TV 45
North Dakota
Bismarck – KBMY 17
Devils Lake (Grand Forks) – WDAZ-TV 8 (semi-satellite of WDAY-TV)
Fargo – WDAY-TV 6
Minot – KMCY 14 (semi-satellite of KBMY)
Ohio
Cincinnati – WCPO-TV 9
Cleveland – WEWS-TV 5
Columbus – WSYX 6
Dayton – WKEF 22
Lima – WOHL-CD 35 / WPNM-LD 35
Toledo – WTVG 13
Youngstown – WYTV 33
Oklahoma
Ada (Sherman, Texas) – KTEN-DT3 10.3
Lawton (Wichita Falls, Texas) – KSWO-TV 7
Oklahoma City – KOCO-TV 5
Tulsa – KTUL 8
Oregon
Bend – KOHD 18
Eugene – KEZI 9
Klamath Falls – KDKF 31 (satellite of KDRV)
Medford – KDRV 12
Portland – KATU 2
Pennsylvania
Altoona – WATM-TV 23
Erie – WJET-TV 24
Harrisburg – WHTM-TV 27
Johnstown – WWCP-DT2 8.2 (simulcast of WATM-TV)
Philadelphia – WPVI-TV 6
Pittsburgh – WTAE-TV 4
Scranton – WNEP-TV 16
Rhode Island
None; served by WLNE-TV New Bedford, MA
South Carolina
Charleston – WCIV-DT2 36.2
Columbia – WOLO-TV 25
Florence (Myrtle Beach) – WPDE-TV 15
South Dakota
Aberdeen – KABY-TV 9 (satellite of KSFY-TV)
Lead – KHSD-TV 11 (satellite of KOTA-TV)
Pierre – KPRY-TV 4 (satellite of KSFY-TV)
Rapid City – KOTA-TV 3
Sioux Falls – KSFY-TV 13
Tennessee
Chattanooga – WTVC 9
Jackson – WBBJ-TV 7
Johnson City (Tri-Cities, TN-VA) – WJHL-DT2 11.2
Knoxville – WATE-TV 6
Memphis – WATN-TV 24
Nashville – WKRN-TV 2
Texas
Amarillo – KVII-TV 7
Austin – KVUE 24
Beaumont – KBMT 12
Bryan – KRHD-CD 40 (repeater of KXXV)
Corpus Christi – KIII 3
Dallas – WFAA 8
El Paso – KVIA-TV 7
Houston – KTRK-TV 13
Laredo – KGNS-DT2 8.2
Lubbock – KAMC 28
Lufkin – KTRE 9 (semi-satellite of KLTV)
Midland – KMID 2
San Angelo – KTXE-LP 38 (repeater of KTXS-TV)
San Antonio – KSAT-TV 12
Sweetwater (Abilene) – KTXS-TV 12
Tyler – KLTV 7
Victoria – KAVU-TV 25
Waco – KXXV 25
Weslaco (Rio Grande Valley) – KRGV-TV 5
Utah
Salt Lake City – KTVX 4
Vermont
Burlington – WVNY 22
Virginia
Charlottesville – WVAW-LD 16
Hampton (Hampton Roads) – WVEC 13
Harrisonburg – WHSV-TV 3
Lynchburg (Roanoke) – WSET-TV 13
Petersburg (Richmond) – WRIC-TV 8
Washington
Kennewick – KVEW 42 (semi-satellite of KAPP)
Seattle – KOMO-TV 4
Spokane – KXLY-TV 4
Yakima – KAPP 35
West Virginia
Charleston – WCHS-TV 8
Clarksburg – WBOY-DT2 12.2
Oak Hill (Bluefield) – WOAY-TV 4
Wheeling – WTRF-DT3 7.3
Wisconsin
Crandon – WMOW-DT2 4.2 (simulcast of WAOW)
Eagle River – WYOW-TV 34 (satellite of WAOW)
Eau Claire – WQOW 18
Green Bay – WBAY-TV 2
La Crosse – WXOW 19
Madison – WKOW 27
Milwaukee – WISN-TV 12
Wausau – WAOW 9
Wyoming
Casper – KTWO-TV 2
Cheyenne – KKTQ-LD 16 (repeater of KTWO-TV)
Elsewhere
Unincorporated territories of the U.S.
Guam
Tamuning (Hagåtña) – KTGM 14
Northern Mariana Islands
Saipan – KPPC-LP 7 (repeater of KTGM/Hagåtña, Guam)
Puerto Rico
Carolina (San Juan) – WRFB 5.1 (repeater of WORA-DT1)
Mayagüez – WORA-TV 5.1
San Lorenzo – W29EE-D 5.1 (repeater of WORA-DT1)
U.S. Virgin Islands
Christiansted – WCVI-TV 23.2
Bermuda
Hamilton – ZFB-TV 7
See also
List of ABC television affiliates (table)
List of former ABC television affiliates
Lists of ABC television affiliates
Lists of CBS television affiliates
Lists of NBC television affiliates
Footnotes
External links
Official ABC-TV affiliates
ABC
ABC
Negative luminescence is a physical phenomenon by which an electronic device emits less thermal radiation when an electric current is passed through it than it does in thermal equilibrium (current off). When viewed by a thermal camera, an operating negative luminescent device looks colder than its environment.
Physics
Negative luminescence is most readily observed in semiconductors. Incoming infrared radiation is absorbed in the material by the creation of an electron–hole pair. An electric field is used to remove the electrons and holes from the region before they have a chance to recombine and re-emit thermal radiation. This effect occurs most efficiently in regions of low charge carrier density.
Negative luminescence has also been observed in semiconductors in orthogonal electric and magnetic fields. In this case, the junction of a diode is not necessary and the effect can be observed in bulk material. A term that has been applied to this type of negative luminescence is galvanomagnetic luminescence.
Negative luminescence might appear to be a violation of Kirchhoff's law of thermal radiation. This is not true, as the law only applies in thermal equilibrium.
Another term that has been used to describe negative luminescent devices is "Emissivity switch", as an electric current changes the effective emissivity.
History
This effect was first seen by Russian physicists in the 1960s in A.F.Ioffe Physicotechnical Institute, Leningrad, Russia. Subsequently, it was studied in semiconductors such as indium antimonide (InSb), germanium (Ge) and indium arsenide (InAs) by workers in West Germany, Ukraine (Institute of Semiconductor Physics, Kyiv), Japan (Chiba University) and the United States. It was first observed in the mid-infrared (3-5 µm wavelength) in the more convenient diode structures in InSb heterostructure diodes by workers at the Defence Research Agency, Great Malvern, UK (now QinetiQ). These British workers later demonstrated LWIR band (8-12 µm) negative luminescence using mercury cadmium telluride diodes.
Later the Naval Research Laboratory, Washington DC, started work on negative luminescence in mercury cadmium telluride (HgCdTe). The phenomenon has since been observed by several university groups around the world.
References
Applications of negative luminescence, T. Ashley, C. T. Elliott, N. T. Gordon, T. J. Phillips and R. S. Hall, Infrared Physics & Technology, Vol. 38, Iss. 3 Pages 145-151 (1997)
Negative luminescence and its applications, C. T. Elliott, Philosophical Transactions: Mathematical, Physical and Engineering Sciences, Vol. 359 (1780) pp. 567–579 (2001)
Galvanomagnetic luminescence of indium antimonide, P. Berdahl and L. Shaffer, Applied Physics Letters vol. 47, Iss. 12, pp. 1330–1332 (1985)
Negative luminescence of semiconductors, P. Berdahl, V. Malyutenko, and T. Morimoto, Infrared Physics (ISSN 0020-0891), vol. 29, 1989, p. 667-672 (1989)
Patent
, Ashley et al., July 18, 2000, Infrared optical system (Cold shield)
External links
“Negative luminescence from InAsSbP based diodes in the 4.0-5.3 µm range”
"Negative Luminescence in semiconductors"
Semiconductors
Luminescence
Infrared imaging
Mediavia agnesa is a species of snout moth in the genus Mediavia. It was described by Schaus in 1922. It is found in Guatemala.
References
Moths described in 1922
Epipaschiinae
Isla Blanca is a Canadian drama film, directed by Jeanne Leblanc and released in 2018. The film stars Charlotte Aubin as Mathilde, a young woman returning home to visit her family for the first time since running away from home several years earlier. The cast also includes Judith Baribeau as her mother Françoise, Luc Picard as her father Pierre, and Théodore Pellerin as her brother Émile.
The film premiered at the Rendez-vous Québec Cinéma in 2018, and was broadcast on television by Ici Radio-Canada Télé in April 2019.
Aubin received a Prix Iris nomination for Best Actress at the 20th Quebec Cinema Awards in 2018.
References
External links
2018 films
Canadian drama films
Quebec films
French-language Canadian films
2010s Canadian films
List of A-20 Havoc operators identifies the country, military service, and unit that has been supplied or purchased A-20s.
Operators
Australia
Royal Australian Air Force operated 69 Aircraft, 22 DB-7B, 9 A-20C, 9 A-20A and 29 A-20G
No. 22 Squadron RAAF
Brazil
Brazilian Air Force operated 30 A-20K and 1 A-20C
1st Bomb Group Light
2nd Bomb Group Light
Canada
Royal Canadian Air Force
No. 418 Squadron RCAF
France
French Air Force
No. 342 Sqn RAF (Free French)Boston III/IV
Japan
Japanese forces captured some Dutch DB-7B's in Java.
Imperial Japanese Army Air Force
Imperial Japanese Navy Air Service
Netherlands
Royal Netherlands East Indies Army Air Force received only some of the DB-7Bs shipped in lieu of DC-7Cs actually ordered.
Poland
Polish Air Force in Exile in Great Britain
No. 307 Polish Night Fighter Squadron
South Africa
South African Air Force
USSR
Received 2,908 Douglas Havocs, or over one third of total production.
Soviet Air Force
Soviet Naval Air Service
The Soviet Naval Air Service's primary anti-shipping aircraft were Havoc A-20Gs armed with torpedoes and mines.
United Kingdom
Royal Air Force
No. 13 Squadron RAF
No. 14 Squadron RAF
No. 18 Squadron RAF
No. 23 Squadron RAF
No. 55 Squadron RAF
No. 85 Squadron RAF
No. 88 Squadron RAF
No. 93 Squadron RAF
No. 107 Squadron RAF
No. 114 Squadron RAF
No. 226 Squadron RAF
No. 530 Squadron RAF
No. 531 Squadron RAF
No. 532 Squadron RAF
No. 533 Squadron RAF
No. 534 Squadron RAF
No. 535 Squadron RAF
No. 536 Squadron RAF
No. 537 Squadron RAF
No. 538 Squadron RAF (formerly No. 1459 Flight RAF) - Turbinlite
No. 539 Squadron RAF
No. 605 Squadron RAF
United States
United States Army Air Corps
United States Army Air Forces
United States Marine Corps
United States Navy
See also
Douglas A-20 Survivors
Notes
Lists of military units and formations by aircraft
Lists of aircraft operators by aircraft type
Sebastião Miranda da Silva Filho, usually called Mirandinha, (born 26 February 1952) is a Brazilian former footballer who played as a forward. At international level, he was included in the Brazilian squad for the 1974 FIFA World Cup.
Club career
Mirandinha spent his early career in Brazil. In 1978, São Paulo sent him to the Tampa Bay Rowdies midway through the North American Soccer League season. That season, the Rowdies went to the championship where they fell to the New York Cosmos. Mirandinha scored the lone Rowdies goal in the 3–1 Soccer Bowl '78 loss. He also co-led the team in goals for the Rowdies' brief winter indoor campaign of 1979, scoring five times in five matches. He began the 1979 season in Tampa Bay before being traded to the Memphis Rogues on 7 June 1979.
Other clubs may have included ABC-RN, Guará-DF, Douradense-MS, União de Mogi-SP, Saad-SP, Independente de Limeira
International career
Mirandinha earned four caps with the Brazilian national team at the 1974 FIFA World Cup, scoring no goals and accumulating one yellow card in a first round match versus Zaire. His other appearances included once as a starter in a 0–0 tie against Scotland in the first round, and twice more as a second-half substitute in losses to the Netherlands in the second round and to Poland in the third place match. He was also an unused substitute in three additional matches in the tournament.
References
External links
FIFA player profile
Tampa Bay Rowdies Appreciation Blog
NASL stats
1952 births
Living people
People from Bebedouro
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Brazil international footballers
1974 FIFA World Cup players
São Paulo FC players
Memphis Rogues players
North American Soccer League (1968–1984) players
North American Soccer League (1968–1984) indoor players
Tampa Bay Rowdies (1975–1993) players
Association football forwards
Footballers from São Paulo (state)
Ernő Poeltenberg (February 20, 1808, Vienna - October 6, 1849, Arad) was a honvéd general in the Hungarian Army. He was executed for his part in the Hungarian Revolution of 1848, and is considered one of the 13 Martyrs of Arad.
Family
He was born into a wealthy Austrian family to Leopold Poelt von Poeltenberg, a lawyer. He also had two known sisters:
Wilhelmina, an honorary member of the Order of St. Anne.
Amália, whose husband was József Fackh the Austrian army colonel who in 1848 took over the defense against the Serbs and won the campaign and died in Verbász. He attained the rank of General. They had two sons, Károly and Gedő.
Poeltenberg's wife, Paula Kakovszka (Kakowska) was a Polish-born woman who died in Buda on 13 November 1874, at the age of 53. They had three children:
Guido (1847, Pest-Buda - 1889), who had a military career like his father.
Helena (1842-1922), who married Fackh Ilka. They had three children.
Ilona (1842–1922)
Career
In 1830 he entered military service for the Imperial Army, serving two years in the 4th hussar regiment as a second lieutenant. He later took a similar position at another post, but did not receive a promotion for almost 18 years. Stationed with his regiment in Hungary in the spring of 1848, he requested to be moved to Italy for action.
When the Hungarian revolution took place, he was a supporter and volunteered his service. He first fought against the Croatian Ban Jelačić but he disagreed crossing the Austrian border. Because of this, the Hungarian command dismissed him along with others from the service. Later he came under the command of Artúr Görgei who proposed him as a honvéd major on October 27, 1848. Later, in December he was appointed lieutenant colonel of the army.
At the Battle of Kápolna of February 26–27, he distinguished himself and on 14 April 1849 was promoted as the Colonel commanding the 7th Corps. Later he was promoted to General on 2 June. During the summer campaign against Haynau the army was forced to retreat. He participated in the Battle of Komárom (July 2 to July 11) and the Battle of Vác (July 15-July 17).
After the outnumbering Russian army appeared, he served as a mediator between the Hungarian and Russian armies for the terms of surrender. Next, he was captured, along with the other commanders, by Austrian authorities.
Death
Sentenced to death by hanging, it was carried out on the 5th (he was first among those executed by hanging) at Arad castle. He was hanged sometime between six and seven am. Just before his death at the gallows he is credited as having said "A beautiful deputation is heading to God to represent the case of the Hungarians!"
References
1808 births
1849 deaths
19th-century Austrian people
Hungarian nobility
Hungarian knights
Hungarian people of Austrian descent
Military personnel from Vienna
Executed Austrian people
The 13 Martyrs of Arad
Executed Hungarian people
Clare Street () is a street in central Dublin, Ireland.
Location
Clare Street runs from Leinster Street South in the west to the junction of Merrion Square and Merrion Street in the east.
History
Clare Street first appears on maps as a thoroughfare in 1756. The street was developed by John Ensor around 1762 for the sixth Viscount Fitzwilliam. It was named after John Holles Earl of Clare, or his brother Denzille Holles. His descendants had a number of streets in this area named for them, including Denzille Street (now Fenian Street), Denzille Lane, Holles Street, Wentworth Place, Fitzwilliam Square and Merrion Square.
Samuel Beckett lived on the top floor of number 6 Clare Street, above the offices of his father's firm. While living there he wrote his first novel, More Pricks than Kicks.
One of Dublin's oldest book stops, Greene's, operated from 16 Clare Street from 1843 to 2007. Initially opened as a lending library by John Greene, the Pembrey family ran the business from 1912 until its closure.
Architecture
Much of the original Georgian fabric of the street remains, though with some rebuilding and adaptation. Most of the houses are now in use as offices.
In 1987, listed buildings on the street including the largest surviving townhouse, were controversially demolished in spite their protected status following a period of gutting and sabotage. The houses were finally replaced in 2002 with a new on-street entrance to the National Gallery of Ireland Millennium Wing.
Notable residents and occupants
Samuel Beckett
George Sigerson
The Department of Transport operates from number 25 on the street
References
Streets in Dublin (city)
Georgian architecture in Ireland
is a centaur from the outer Solar System, approximately in diameter. It was discovered by the Mount Lemmon Survey on 13 March 2005. The unusual minor planet follows an orbit similar to those of the fragments of comet Shoemaker–Levy 9. This minor planet was numbered by the Minor Planet Center on 27 October 2021 (). , it has not yet been named.
Description
is classified as an unusual object and centaur. It was first observed by the Mount Lemmon Survey on 13 March 2005. Previously, before the identification with was made, the first observation was made on 27 October 2017 by the Pan-STARRS program at Haleakala Observatory, Hawaii, United States.
It orbits the Sun at a distance of 5.0–8.5 AU once every 17 years and 6 months (6,387 days; semi-major axis of 6.74 AU). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.26 and an inclination of 5° with respect to the ecliptic. The body's observation arc begins with its first observation by the Mount Lemmon Survey in March 2005.
Comet Shoemaker–Levy 9
As of December 2017, has an orbit similar to the average one of the fragments of comet Shoemaker–Levy 9 (semi-major axis: , eccentricity: , inclination: , longitude of the ascending node: and argument of perihelion: ).
References
External links
at AstDys-2
List Of Centaurs and Scattered-Disk Objects, Minor Planet Center
606357
606357
606357
20171027
The 54th Battalion was an infantry battalion of the Australian Army. It was originally raised in 1916 for service during World War I and took part in the fighting in the trenches of the Western Front in France and Belgium before being amalgamated with the 56th Battalion in late 1918 following the German spring offensive that reduced the numbers in both battalions. The battalion was re-raised in 1921 as a part-time unit in New South Wales before being amalgamated with the 20th Battalion in 1929. At the outbreak of World War II, the battalion was reformed in its own right, undertaking garrison duties in Australia until being disbanded in 1944.
History
World War I
The 54th Battalion was originally raised on 16 February 1916 during a reorganisation and expansion of the First Australian Imperial Force (AIF) that took place in Egypt following the Gallipoli campaign. This was achieved by transferring cadres of experienced personnel predominately from the 1st Division to the newly formed battalions and combining them with recently recruited personnel who had been dispatched as reinforcements from Australia. With an authorised strength of 1,023 men, the unit's first intake of personnel were drawn from men originating from New South Wales, many of whom had already served with the 2nd Battalion. Under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Walter Edmund Hutchinson Cass – a veteran of the Boer War who had commanded the 2nd Battalion at Gallipoli – the battalion became part of the 14th Brigade attached to the 5th Australian Division.
After concentrating at Tel-el-Kebir, the battalion undertook a period of intense training culminating in a desert march to Moascar, before undertaking defensive duties along the Suez Canal. In mid-1916, the AIF's infantry divisions were sent to Europe to fight on the Western Front. After arriving at Marseilles in June 1916, the battalion was committed to the fighting the following month. Amidst heavy fighting on the Somme, the 5th Division made the AIF's debut in Europe, launching a diversionary attack at Fromelles. The attack was disastrous for the Australians, and it was later described as "the worst 24 hours in Australia's entire history". Having gone in during the first wave of the assault, the 54th suffered heavily, losing 65 percent of its strength, equating to 20 officers and 518 other ranks. After the battle, the battalion regrouped at Bac-St-Maur before taking up defensive positions to the right of Bois Grenier. Reinforced, they remained at the front until September, rotating between the main defensive position and the village of Fleurbaix. Its final action in the area was a raid on the German trenches opposite their own.
After a month of rest, the battalion returned to the Somme in October, occupying the trenches around Flers, where they suffered further losses before being moved to the trenches around Le Transloy and Beaulencourt. After enduring the coldest winter in 40 years in the Somme, the 54th joined the Allied pursuit of the Germans as they withdrew to the Hindenburg Line in early 1917. During the Second Battle of Bullecourt it undertook a defensive role, which saw them repel an attack by troops from them Imperial Prussian Guard. A period of intense training behind the lines followed, before the battalion moved to the Ypres salient after the 5th Division was transferred to Belgium. In September, after playing a supporting role around the Menin Road, the 54th launched a major attack in September during the Battle of Polygon Wood, which was followed up in October with an action at Broodseinde. As winter arrived on the Western Front, the battalion rested behind the lines before occupying trenches along the Messines Ridge, holding a position around Wytschaete, against artillery attacks and occasional raids.
In early 1918, the capitulation of Tsarist Russia allowed the Germans to concentrate their strength on the Western Front, and they subsequently launched a major offensive. The strike came against the British southern flank, and as the Allies were pushed back towards the vital railhead at Amiens, the Australians were rushed from Flanders. Thrown into the line to stem the tide, the 54th mounted a strong defensive action around Villers-Bretonneux, during which its entire headquarters, including the battalion's commanding officer, Lieutenant Colonel David McConaghy, were killed. In August, the Allies launched their own offensive – the Hundred Days Offensive – which ultimately brought the war to an end. For their actions during the fighting in Anvil Wood, around Peronne, in early September, two members of the 54th Battalion – Alexander Buckley and Arthur Hall – received the Victoria Cross. The medieval walled town, surrounded by an unfordable river, was heavily defended by machine-gun nests, and during the assault the battalion, under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Norman Marshall, advanced through marshy ground over foot-bridges under fire while breaking into the position.
During late September and early October the battalion took part in the Battle of St. Quentin Canal, attacking at Bellicourt, which proved to be their final action of the war before they were withdrawn from the line. The Australian Corps had suffered heavy casualties during 1918, which they had been unable to replace. As a result, the Australian battalions were withdrawn from the line and reorganised in preparation for future operations. The 54th Battalion, as the most depleted battalion in the 14th Brigade, was chosen for amalgamation and was merged with the 56th Battalion on 11 October forming the "54th/56th Battalion". In response, the battalion's enlisted soldiers briefly went on strike in an effort to maintain their battalion identity, before complying with the order. Ultimately, the newly merged unit did not see any action before the war ended in November 1918. During the winter, the 54th/56th billeted at Charleroi, as the demobilisation process began. As its personnel were slowly repatriated back to Australia and its numbers dwindled, the amalgamated battalion was also merged with the rest of the 14th Brigade into one unit, with the 54th/56th Battalion disbanding on 10 April 1919. During the fighting, the 54th Battalion lost 544 killed in action or died on active service and 1,592 wounded. A total of 16 battle honours were bestowed upon the 54th for its involvement in the war in 1927.
Inter-war years and World War II
The battalion was reformed in 1921 as a unit of the Citizens Forces, Australia's part-time military force, following a re-organisation of the Army to perpetuate the numerical designations of the AIF. Based in New South Wales, it drew personnel from the 2nd Battalion, 54th Infantry Regiment and the 5th Battalion, 20th Infantry Regiment. In 1927, when territorial titles were adopted by the Army, the battalion became known as the "Lachlan-Macquarie Regiment", due to its location in the New South Wales region of the Lachlan and Macquarie Rivers, which were named after Lachlan Macquarie, a former governor of New South Wales; at the same time the battalion adopted the motto of Deo Patriae Tigi. Upon formation, the Citizen Forces battalions were maintained through a mixture of voluntary and compulsory service; however, in 1929, the Universal Training Scheme was abolished by the Scullin Labor government. As a result, in a decline in numbers, on 1 July 1929, the battalion was amalgamated with the 20th Battalion, forming the 20th/54th Battalion, as Australia's part-time military force was re-organised as an all volunteer force called the "Militia". Later, as the Australian military was hastily expanded on the eve of World War II, the 20th/54th Battalion was delinked and the 54th Battalion raised in its own right. This occurred on 1 September 1939.
During World War II, the battalion was mobilised for full-time service as part of the 5th Brigade of the 2nd Division. Initially, due to the provisions of the Defence Act, it was precluded from being sent overseas to fight, but in 1943 it was gazetted as an AIF unit. This meant that it could be sent outside the South West Pacific Area; regardless, the battalion remained in Australia and undertook garrison duties in New South Wales and Western Australia to defend against a possible invasion. The invasion never came and, on 9 January 1944, the battalion was disbanded, as part of a partial demobilisation of the Australian military that took place at that time as manpower was redirected back towards industry.
Battle honours
The 54th Battalion received the following battle honours:
World War I: Somme 1916–18, Bullecourt, Ypres 1917, Menin Road, Polygon Wood, Poelcappelle, Passchendaele, Ancre 1918, Villers-Bretonneux, Amiens, Albert 1918, Hindenburg Line, St. Quentin Canal, France and Flanders 1916–18, and Egypt 1916.
Notes
Citations
References
Australian World War I battalions
Australian World War II battalions
Military units and formations established in 1916
Military units and formations disestablished in 1919
Military units and formations established in 1921
Military units and formations disestablished in 1929
Military units and formations established in 1939
Military units and formations disestablished in 1944
TuS Komet Arsten is a German football club from the district of Arsten, in the city of Bremen in northwestern Germany. It was established in 2006 through the merger of TuS Arsten and VfB Komet Arsten, both of which appeared in second-division play after World War II.
History
VfB Komet Arsten
Predecessor Komet Arsten was formed in 1896 out of the earlier sides Germania Arsten and Brema Arsten and joined Verein für Bewegungsspiele Arsten in 1919 to create VfB Komet Arsten.
By 1926 the club had nearly 600 members in departments for football, athletics, fistball, gymnastics, and swimming. They earned their first honours three years later by defeating SV Werder Bremen to capture the district cup.
In 1953 the team advanced to play in the Amateurliga Bremen (II) for a two-season turn. They won promotion again in 1957 and played as a lower table side until sent down in 1963. The club merged with Verein für Rasenspiele 1913 Arsten to become Sportclub Rot-Weiß Bremen in 1971. Rot-Weiß appeared in the fourth tier Verbandsliga Bremen for two seasons from 1975 to 1977 and the following year re-adopted the name Komet.
The team enjoyed its best years in the early 1980s. After returning to the Verbandsliga Bremen (IV) in 1978, Komet earned several upper table finishes with their best result coming in 1982–83 when they finished in third place, just four points out of first. The club was sent down again in 1986 and had its last turn in fourth-tier play from 1988 to 1992.
TuS Arsten
The formation of TuS Arsten brought together several of the district's earliest gymnastics and sports clubs. The association was established in 1948 as Turnverein Arsten out of the memberships of ATV Jahn Arsten, Sportverein Einigkeit Arsten and TV Weserstrand Arsten.
In 1901 the district's first gymnastics club was formed as Pyramiden und Akrobaten Club Frisch auf Arsten before being renamed Arbeiter Turnverein Jahn Arsten in 1903. A second gymnastics club called TV Weserstrand Arsten was established in 1911. A football department was formed within ATV in 1919 before part of the club's membership left to form a separate sports club known as Sportvereins Einigkeit Arsten-Habenhausen just three years later.
Seen as a left-leaning worker's club, ATV was banned in 1933 under the Nazi regime as politically unpalatable and the membership reorganized as TuS Arsten. Following World War II and the fall of the Third Reich, occupying Allied authorities banned most organizations in the country including sports and football clubs; TV Arsten was remade three years after the conflict and played a single season in the short-lived postwar Amateurliga Nord (II) in 1947–48.
The club was renamed Turn- und Sportverein Arsten in 1952 and the following year became part of the Amateurliga Bremen (II) where they would compete as a lower table side until being sent down in 1957.
References
External links
Das deutsche Fußball-Archiv historical German domestic league tables
Football clubs in Germany
Football clubs in Bremen (state)
Sport in Bremen (city)
2006 establishments in Germany
Association football clubs established in 2006
The surname Turov (feminine: Turova) may refer to:
Maxim Turov (born 1979), Russian chess player
Irina Turova, Soviet sprinter
Turau (surname), Belarusian-language form; may be used interchangeably with the Russian form for Belarusian persons
Russian-language surnames
Gun n' Rose (released as Guns N' Roses in the Philippines) is a 1992 Hong Kong action film directed by Clarence Fok and starring Alan Tang, Andy Lau, Leon Lai and Simon Yam.
Plot
Alan Lung is the adopted son of Taiwanese triad leader Lung Yat-fu. Alan is highly favored by Lung, who appoints him as his successor over his two biological sons Simon and Bowie. One time when Lung was shot, Alan blames Bowie, who then becomes a police informant attempting to kill Alan. Alan survives so Lung tells his second son Simon to kill Bowie while Simon also hires an assassin, Leon, to kill Alan. Alan then escapes from Taiwan to Hong Kong where he meets triad leader Andy, his girlfriend Loletta and his sister Carrie. While hiding in Hong Kong with his crippled wife Monica, Alan is dragged back into the triad life by Andy's incessant activities and the reappearance of Leon. Finally, Alan decides to go back to Taiwan and get even with Simon.
Cast
Alan Tang as Alan Lung
Andy Lau as Andy
Leon Lai as Leon
Simon Yam as Simon Lung
Bowie Lam as Bowie Lung
Monica Chan as Monica Shum
Carrie Ng as Carrie
Loletta Lee as Loletta
Michael Chan as Brother Chicken
John Ching as Bee
Joey Leung as Skinny
Tien Feng as Lung Yat-fu
Wong Kim-fung as Fung
Lau Shung-fung as Simon's gangster
Adam Chan as Simon's gangster
Hung Chi-sang as Simon's gangster
Kwan Yung as Alan's bodyguard
Leung Sam as Alan's gangster
Wong Kam-tong as Alan's gangster
Leung Kam-san as Heroin dealer
Wan Seung-lam as Heroin dealer's thug
Peter Ngor as Lecherous patient
Lam Sek as Bee's gangster
Lam Foo-wah as Bee's gangster
Hui Si-man as Monica's mom
Fan Chin-hung as Rival gang member
Release
Gun n' Rose was released in Hong Kong on 5 June 1992. In the Philippines, the film was released by Daifuku Films as Guns N' Roses in 1993.
Box office
The film grossed HK$14,944,759 at the Hong Kong box office during its theatrical run 5 June to 18 June 1992 in Hong Kong.
References
External links
Gun n' Rose at Hong Kong Cinemagic
Gun n' Rose film review at LoveHKFilm.com
1992 films
1990s crime action films
Cantonese-language films
Films directed by Clarence Fok
Films set in Hong Kong
Films set in Taiwan
Films shot in Hong Kong
Gun fu films
Hong Kong action films
Hong Kong crime films
Triad films
1990s Hong Kong films
Paul Käser (8 August 1904 – ?) was a Swiss rower active in the 1920s and 1930s.
Käser was born in 1904 and rowed for Seeclub Biel in the Swiss city of Biel/Bienne. He won his first European medal at the 1923 European Rowing Championships in Como where the Swiss men's eight came second. At the 1925 European Rowing Championships in Prague he became European champion with the men's eight. At the 1926 European Rowing Championships in Lucerne he won a silver medal with the coxed four. With one rower having been replaced, the team again won silver at the 1927 European Rowing Championships in Como. At the 1930 European Rowing Championships in Liège, Käser won a silver medal with the coxless four. For the 1931 European Rowing Championships in Paris, was back in the coxed four where they won bronze. He always had the brothers Karl and Hans Schöchlin as fellow rowers when he won European medals.
After his competitive career, Käser was a coach at his rowing club for several decades.
References
1904 births
Year of death missing
Swiss male rowers
People from Biel/Bienne
European Rowing Championships medalists
Sportspeople from the canton of Bern
LaForrest Rock () is a rock outcrop west of the mouth of Strom Glacier, along the low, ice-covered north slopes of the Duncan Mountains, Antarctica. This area was first explored and mapped by the Byrd Antarctic Expedition, 1928–30. The rock was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for B.A. LaForrest, a storekeeper on U.S. Navy Operation Deep Freeze, 1966.
References
Rock formations of the Ross Dependency
Amundsen Coast
Poutníci is a Czech bluegrass ensemble, heavily influential in the second wave of the genre.
The group formed in 1970; its lead singer and bassist Jiri Pola has been with the group since 1981. In 1989 and 1990, the group was awarded the Best Non-American Bluegrass Record of the Year by the American Organization for the Preservation and Development of Bluegrass Music. They have toured throughout Europe repeatedly. In addition to original compositions, they cover songs by American artists such as Lester Flatt, Bill Monroe, Tennessee Ernie Ford, and Gordon Lightfoot.
Members
František Linhárek (1970–1991)
Josef Šulák (1970–1973)
Miroslav Kocman (1970–1976)
Robert Křesťan (1979–1991)
Pavel Petržela (1979-1987)
Jiří Pola - vocals, bass (1981–present)
Zdeněk Kalina - guitar, vocals (1972–present)
Miroslav Hulan - guitar
Honza Máca - mandolin, fiddle
Petr Brandejs - banjo
Discography
Poutníci, 1987
Wayfaring Strangers, 1989
Chromí koně, 1990
The Days Of Auld Lang Syne, 1991
Poutníci Live, 1991
Je to v nás, 1992
Písně brněnských kovbojů, 1994
Co už je pryč, 1997
Krajní meze, 1998
Vzpomínky, 1999
Pláč a smích, 2003
Poutníci 2006, 2006
References
[ Allmusic entry]
External links
Official website
Czech bluegrass music groups
Appticles is a multi-channel mobile publishing platform that assists content creators to package their existing content into cross-platform web applications. Appticles was developed by London based company, Webcrumbz Ltd, which was founded in 2010 by Alexandra Anghel and Ciprian Borodescu. The company is incorporated in UK with its engineering team located in Bucharest, Romania.
History
Webcrumbz Ltd, the company running Appticles was founded in London, in 2010 by Alexandra Anghel and Ciprian Borodescu. During September - November 2010 the company went through Startupbootcamp located in Copenhagen, Denmark. In 2012, the company won the second round of Appsfuel HTML5 App Challenge and Mobile Web App of the Day Award from TheFWA.com. In February, 2013 Webcrumbz LTD was a finalist at the Mobile Premier Awards held in Barcelona with Journalism.co.uk mobile web application.
In 2013, Webcrumbz won Silver for the Best Mobisite at the Mobilio Awards gala, on 16 April with the First Aid Lesson app for MaiMultVerde, Romania. The same year, in October, Appticles was selected as one of the finalists for How To Web Startup Spotlight Pitch Competition. In 2014, the Bulgarian seed fund, Launchub announced it invested in Appticles. In 2016, Appticles was selected for Prosper Women Entrepreneurs Accelerator in Saint Louis, Missouri.
Since 2014, Appticles became the main contributor for WPMobilePack, releasing the 2.0 in June 2014. The WordPress Mobile Pack was initially developed in 2009, by James Pearce, who is now running Open Source at Facebook, with the contribution of Terence Eden, a Mobile Product Manager at O2 (UK), and Andrea Trasatti part of Developer Relations, at the Samsung Strategy and Innovation Center. By December 2016, WordPress Mobile Pack accumulated over one million downloads.
References
External links
Official Website
Android Apps & Games
Android Apps Platforms
Mobile software distribution platforms
Gustave Fischweiler (18 December 1911 – 1990) was a Belgian sculptor. His work was part of the sculpture event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1911 births
1990 deaths
20th-century Belgian sculptors
20th-century male artists
Belgian sculptors
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Namur (city)
The Historical Conquests of Josh Ritter is the fifth full-length album by American singer-songwriter Josh Ritter. It was released in the U.S. on August 21, 2007, in Ireland on September 7, 2007, through Independent Records, and released in the rest of Europe on October 1, 2007, by V2 Records. By July 26, 2007, the album had leaked onto peer-to-peer file-sharing websites.
The record was recorded in a Maine farmhouse dating to the 18th century. According to Ritter: "Lyrically, musically, and in terms of production, it's the most adventurous record I've made yet and I think when you hear it you're going to be surprised. Seriously, repeatedly, and in a good way."
Thematic elements
The lyrics of the album's Dylanesque opening track, "To the Dogs or Whoever," contains a number of historical references, many of them to traditional American cultural and mythological figures:
Florence Nightingale
Calamity Jane
Joan of Arc
Casey Jones
Casey at the Bat
General George Armstrong Custer
The second verse of the song "Empty Hearts":
These lyrics reference the title of the first track on the album, which could be read as the friends' singing that first song or singing for a canine audience. The title of the first track on the CD is never mentioned in that song's lyrics, but Ritter self-referentially uses it in the lyrics of "Empty Hearts," suggesting that the songs on the CD may have an interrelated design.
Critical reception
In regards to The Historical Conquests of Josh Ritter, Paste Magazine described Ritter as the poster-boy of Americana music. As with previous albums, Ritter was compared to the great American songwriters like Bob Dylan and Bruce Springsteen.
Track listing
All songs written by Josh Ritter. The strings were written and arranged by Sam Kassirer, and the horns by Sam Kassirer and Zack Hickman.
"To the Dogs or Whoever" – 3:02
"Mind's Eye" – 2:53
"Right Moves" – 3:44
"The Temptation of Adam" – 4:12
"Open Doors" – 2:35
"Rumors" – 3:31
"Edge of the World" – 1:41
"Wait for Love" – 3:46
"Real Long Distance" – 2:42
"Next to the Last Romantic" – 2:49
"Moons" – 0:51
"Still Beating" – 3:49
"Empty Hearts" – 4:40
"Wait for Love (You Know You Will)" – 2:37
Credits
Personnel
Josh Ritter — vocals and guitars
Zack Hickman – double bass, electric bass, acoustic guitar and electric guitar, baritone guitar, trombone, lap steel guitar, background vocals
Liam Hurley – drums, percussion
Sam Kassirer — electric piano, piano, organs, guitar, vibraphone, percussion
Matt Duglas — Clarinet, Sax, Vocals
Production
Mixed by Jacquire King
Mastering by Jeff Lipton and Jessica Thompson
Bonus EP
Initial copies of the album included a limited-edition bonus EP CD containing "four little tracks – interesting 'bits and pieces' – from the recording sessions."
Track listing
"Wildfires" – 4:48
"Spot in my Heart" – 0:37
"Naked as a Window" – 1:29
"Labelship Down" – 0:54
References
External links
Josh Ritter official website
Lyrics
Josh Ritter albums
2007 albums
V2 Records albums
ITU-R P.525 is the International Telecommunication Union radiocommunications standard for the calculation of free-space attenuation.
See also
Free space loss
ITU-R recommendations
Barbara Udoezi Nwaba (born January 18, 1989) is an American track and field athlete who represents the Santa Barbara Track Club. Nwaba is known for the multi events, pentathlon and heptathlon. She is the 2015 USA Outdoor Track and Field champion in the heptathlon.
Early life and education
Nwaba was born January 18, 1989 in Los Angeles, California, to Nigerian parents Theodore & Blessing Nwaba. She is the oldest of 6 children. A 2007 graduate of University High School, Nwaba was the CIF Los Angeles City Section champion in the 300 meters hurdles in 2007 and a 4-time runner-up and representative in the high jump to the CIF California State Meet, but was eliminated in the preliminary rounds.
Nwaba attended the University of California, Santa Barbara on academic grounds, intending to study optometry, ultimately graduating in 2012 with a degree in Sociology. After redshirting a season, she set the school records in the 100 meters hurdles, 400 meters hurdles (since surpassed), and was part of the record setting 4x400 meters relay team (also since surpassed). In the process, she also ranked in the top ten in most of the heptathlon events. She finished her career as the champion of the Big West Conference heptathlon in 2012 en route to being named an All-American.
Her brother, David Nwaba is a professional basketball player. He made his debut with the hometown Los Angeles Lakers on February 28, 2017.
Professional career
Continuing with the multi-event oriented Santa Barbara Track Club, Nwaba continued to make steady improvements with coach Josh Priester, himself a former UCSB track and field coach. She was fifth at the 2012 Olympic Trials scoring 5986 points.
Nwaba was an assistant coach at Santa Barbara High School in the 2012-13 school year.
At the 2014 Outdoor Championships she finished second to Sharon Day-Monroe in the heptathlon by 163 points, scoring 6307 points.
Barbara Nwaba is the 2015 American Champion, edging Sharon Day-Monroe by 42 points, scoring exactly 6500 points. She finished second to Day-Monroe at the 2015 USA Indoor Track and Field Championships in the pentathlon. Nwaba's total makes her the sixth-highest scoring heptathlon performer in United States history.
At the 2015 World Championships in Athletics, Nwaba misstepped the very first hurdle and then fell over the second. She continued in the competition despite the event costing her points. Ultimately, Nwaba completed the heptathlon and scored 5,315 points to place 27th. In the process Nwaba recorded new personal bests in the javelin and shot put.
Barbara Nwaba is the 2016 American Pentathlon Champion and qualified to represent USA at 2016 World Indoor Championships in Athletics. Barbara Nwaba earned a bronze medal behind Brianne Theisen-Eaton and Alina Fyodorova in the Pentathlon at 2016 World Indoor Championships scoring 4661 points.
Barbara Nwaba scored 6494 points in the Heptathlon to join Team USA teammates Heather Miller-Koch and Kendell Williams at 2016 United States Olympic Trials and represented USA at 2016 Summer Olympics finishing 12th as the top American.
References
External links
UC Santa Barbara biography
Living people
1989 births
Track and field athletes from Los Angeles
American heptathletes
American female hurdlers
American female high jumpers
American sportspeople of Nigerian descent
African-American female track and field athletes
University High School (Los Angeles) alumni
UC Santa Barbara Gauchos women's track and field athletes
World Athletics Championships athletes for the United States
Athletes (track and field) at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic track and field athletes of the United States
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships winners
21st-century African-American sportspeople
21st-century African-American women
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American women
Beomgye Station is a station on Line 4 of the Seoul Subway network. It is between Geumjeong station and Pyeongchon station, in a newer area of Anyang, Gyeonggi-do and, heading away from Seoul, it is the last underground station on this line. It opens at 4:30 A.M. Beomgye Station features an area known as "Beomgye Rodeo," which is well known for its shopping, active nightlife, and array of traditional Korean restaurants. It is connected to a Lotte Department Store and Newcore outlet. Lotte Department Store has been open since 2012. There are 9 exits. There are exits 1, 2, 3, 4, 4-1, 5, 6, 7, and 8.
The name of the station literally means "A river full of tigers."
Station layout
References
Metro stations in Anyang, Gyeonggi
Seoul Metropolitan Subway stations
Railway stations opened in 1993
Dúnán (died 6 May 1074) was the first bishop of Dublin, appointed under Dublin's Hiberno-Norse kings. He is known also as Donatus or Donat. The diocese was put on a regular basis, in 1028, at the request of Sigtrygg Silkbeard. In his obit in the Annals of Ulster Dúnán is described as "chief bishop of the foreigners" (ardespoc Gall).
It has been traditionally said that Dúnán was consecrated by Æthelnoth, the Archbishop of Canterbury. This is now disputed, with scholars saying that his successor, Gilla Patráic, was the first to be consecrated in this way.
Biography
Dunan was an Easterling or Ostman, and the first of the line of prelates who have occupied the see. James Ware, who mentions several so-called bishops of Dublin of an earlier date, is supported by the Martyrology of Donegal, but John Lanigan was of opinion that there are no sufficient grounds for so regarding them, except in the case of Siadhal or Sedulius, who appears to have been a bishop. Dunan is, however, termed abbot of Dublin in the 'Annals of the Four Masters' (AD 785), and from this, it would seem he was only a monastic bishop; diocesan episcopacy had not been established in Ireland in his time. Dunan, therefore, must be regarded as the first bishop of Dublin in the modern sense of the title.
The Four Masters term him "ardeasbog", which Dr. John O'Donovan translated archbishop, but James Henthorn Todd pointed out that the correct rendering of the word is "chief or eminent bishop", and that it includes no idea of jurisdiction. His diocese was comprised within the walls of the city, beyond which the Danish power did not extend.
The chief event of his life appears to have been the foundation of the church of the Holy Trinity, commonly called Christ Church, or more properly its endowment and reorganisation in accordance with the views of the Danish settlers. For it appears, from an inquisition held in the reign of Richard II, that a church had been "founded and endowed there by divers Irishmen whose names were unknown, time out of mind, and long before the conquest of Ireland". This ancient site was bestowed on Dunan by Sitric, king of the Danes of Dublin, and with it "sufficient gold and silver" for the erection of the new church, and as an endowment, he granted him "the lands Bealduleek, Rechen, and Portrahern, with their villains, corn, and cattle".
Sitric, according to the annalist Tigernach, had gone over the sea in 1035, probably for the sake of religious retirement, leaving his nephew as king of Dublin in his place. This was three years before Dunan's appointment, and as the king died in 1042, it must have been when he became a monk, if Tigernach is right, that he made the grant referred to, and therefore the new foundation of Christ Church must have taken place between 1038 and 1042.
The site is described in the Black Book of Christ Church as "the voltæ i.e. arches founded by the Danes before the arrival of St. Patrick in Ireland, and it is added that St. Patrick celebrated mass in an arch or vault which has been since known by his name". This story, as it stands, cannot be accepted as authentic history, for St. Patrick died according to the usual belief in 490, whereas the earliest mention of Danes in Ireland is in 795. In the recent discovery made at Christ Church of a crypt hitherto unknown, some very ancient work was found, which is probably part of the buildings. If so, they may be the remains of the ecclesiastical structures originally occupied by the abbots of Dublin. The legendary connection of the place with St. Patrick belongs to the period when, as Dr. O'Donovan observed, "the christian Danes refused to submit to the ecclesiastical jurisdiction of Armagh, and when it was found useful by the Danish party to have it believed that their ancestors had been settled in Dublin as early as the fifth century, and were converted to christianity by St. Patrick".
When the church was built, and the secular canons by whom it was to be served were installed, Dunan furnished it with a liberal supply of relics, of which a list is given in the Book of Obits of Christ Church, published by Dr. Todd. Other buildings erected by him were the church of St. Michael (now the Synod House), hard by the cathedral, and a palace for himself and his successors. He entered into a correspondence with Lanfranc on some ecclesiastical questions about which he desired information. Lanfranc's answer is preserved, and was published by Archbishop James Ussher. It is highly probable that this deference to the Archbishop of Canterbury may have had something to do with the claim put forward by the latter in a synod held in 1072, two years before Dunan's death, in which, on the supposed authority of Bede, he asserted his supremacy over the church of Ireland – a claim which Dunan's successor admitted in the most explicit manner at his consecration in Canterbury Cathedral.
Dunan died on 12 February 1074, and was buried in Christ Church, at the right-hand side of the altar. There was another who also bore the alternative name of Donat (1085), but he is more generally known as Dungus.
Notes
References
Concise Dictionary of National Biography, under Dunan
Attribution
Endnotes:
Cogadh Gaedhel re Gallaibh, page 289
Annals of Four Masters, AD 785, 1074
Lanigan's Eccl. Hist. iii. 200, 228, 433–5
Todd's St. Patrick, pages 14, 16, 466
Ussher's Works, iv. 488, 567, vi. 424
Book of Rights, page xii
Martyrology of Donegal
Further reading
1074 deaths
11th-century Irish bishops
Christian clergy from Dublin (city)
Year of birth unknown
Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica Mezzolara is an Italian association football club located in Mezzolara, a frazione of Budrio, Emilia-Romagna. It currently plays in Serie D.
History
The club was founded in 1965.
Colors and badge
Its colors are white and light blue.
References
External links
Official homepage
Football clubs in Italy
Association football clubs established in 1965
Football clubs in Emilia-Romagna
Italian football clubs established in 1965
Mohamed Kilani Tbib known as Inkman, born in 1990, Tunisia.
A Calligraffiti artist and graphic designer graduated from the High school of sciences and technologies of design in Denden-Tunis.
Very young, he poses poems on paper and expresses his respect for humanity and its attachment to the spirit of tolerance.
Typography and calligraphy are areas that he is passionate about, he explores the possibilities for creating and composing works visually, incorporating messages and poems.
We find in Inkman's works as much the expression of his personal feelings, that a calligraphy work, a composition base of geometric shapes, often bold and intervene on many supports. The Latin characters and poems of the artist mix his roots Arab, his attachment to calligraphic art, as his modern vision of the world and the political social issues at play.
Child of the Arab Spring, the artist chose the calligraffiti as universal language and reconciler.
Artworks
References
TEDx Talk 2017 L'art des lettres, de l'échec à la méditation | Inkman | TEDxCarthage
"Kingdom Of Letters" first solo exhibition of INKMAN
INKMAN- Dubai Street Museum
Djerbahood "Artworks of Inkman"
TEDx Talk 2016 Failure as a Power to Start and Succeed | "The Inkman" Mohamed Kilani Tbib | TEDxAPBS
"Inkman: entre rue et poésie – A MAG". A MAG (in French)
1990 births
Tunisian artists
Living people
People from Tunis
Tunisian graphic designers
USCGC Argus (WMSM-915) is the lead ship of the s of the United States Coast Guard (USCG), and a part of the OPC (Offshore Patrol Cutter) Ship Type. She is the second ship to be named after Argus Panoptes, the first being USRC Argus, a Revenue Cutter Service ship which was decommissioned and sold in 1804.
Development and design
Heritage-class cutters are the newest class of cutter in the USCG, bridging the capabilities of the and es. They are tasked to go against lightly armed hostiles in low-threat environments.
In February 2014, the USCG announced that Bollinger Shipyards, Eastern Shipbuilding, and General Dynamics Bath Iron Works had been awarded design contracts for the OPC. The Government Accountability Office denied contract appeals by VT Halter Marine and Ingalls Shipbuilding.
In September 2016, Eastern Shipbuilding of Panama City, Florida, was awarded a $110.3 million contract to build the first Offshore Patrol Cutter with an option to purchase eight additional cutters. On October 15, 2016 the Coast Guard issued a notice to proceed with the detailed design of the Offshore Patrol Cutter to Eastern Shipbuilding.
Construction and career
The construction of Argus was planned to begin in the late summer of 2018, with delivery in August 2021. On September 28, 2018, the USCG exercised the contract option to begin construction of the lead Offshore Patrol Cutter, along with long-lead materials for OPC #2. The total value of the options exercised is $317.5 million. Delayed by the impact of Hurricane Michael in October 2018, steel cutting for USCGC Argus began on January 7, 2019. She was laid down on 28 April 2020.
See also
Integrated Deepwater System Program
References
Heritage-class cutters
Ships of the United States Coast Guard
Glen Johnson (born April 22, 1951) is a former Canadian international soccer player and prominent member of the original Vancouver Whitecaps of the NASL. He is an honoured member of the Canada Soccer Hall of Fame.
In the Pacific Coast League, Johnson made his debut at just 16 years old in 1967–68 with Vancouver Firefighters FC. The following season, he joined Vancouver Eintracht and led the team with eight goals. After the 1968–69 season, he joined Vancouver Spartans for the 1969 Western Canada Soccer League season and scored 14 goals in just six weeks. In the club's first-ever match on 18 May, he scored six goals in an 8–2 win over Calgary Buffalo Kickers. Despite playing just half the season, he finished second in league scoring behind John Schepers.
Johnson left in July 1969 for a trial with West Bromwich Albion after he had been spotted in May by manager Alan Ashman during an Albion tour of Canada. He played just 3 league games before suffering a knee injury.
A Vancouver native, Johnson was Whitecap's general manager Denny Veitch's first signing for the team's inaugural season, 1974. Johnson went on to play four seasons in the NASL with the Whitecaps, 1974 through 1977. He was the league's 16th leading scorer in 1975 with 23 points in 21 games. Johnson also played for Vancouver Columbus FC in the 1978, 1979 and 1980 season.
Johnson officially made eight international "A" appearances for Canada from 1972 to 1976, six of which were in FIFA World Cup Qualifiers. He scored in his debut on 20 August 1972 at King George V Park. He played in four games against the United States, three games against Mexico, and one against Poland. He also made four exhibition appearances against club teams from Guatemala, England (Arsenal), and the United States (New York Cosmos).
References
External links
Canada Soccer Hall of Fame profile
Canada Soccer Hall of Fame
Canada Soccer Records & Results
NASL stats
1951 births
Living people
Soccer players from Vancouver
Canadian soccer players
Association football forwards
North American Soccer League (1968–1984) players
North American Soccer League (1968–1984) indoor players
English Football League players
Vancouver Spartans players
Vancouver Whitecaps (1974–1984) players
West Bromwich Albion F.C. players
Canada men's international soccer players
Canada Soccer Hall of Fame inductees
Canadian expatriate soccer players
Canadian expatriate sportspeople in England
Expatriate footballers in England
Conceição may refer to:
Places
Brazil
Conceição River (disambiguation)
Bahia
Conceição do Almeida
Conceição do Coité
Conceição do Jacuípe
Espírito Santo
Conceição da Barra
Conceição do Castelo
Maranhão
Conceição do Lago-Açu
Minas Gerais
Conceição da Aparecida
Conceição da Barra de Minas
Conceição das Alagoas
Conceição das Pedras
Conceição de Ipanema
Conceição do Mato Dentro
Conceição do Pará
Conceição do Rio Verde
Conceição dos Ouros
Pará
Conceição do Araguaia
Paraíba
Conceição, Paraíba
Piauí
Conceição do Canindé
Rio de Janeiro
Conceição de Macabu
São Paulo
Conceição (São Paulo Metro), a railway station
Tocantins
Conceição do Tocantins
Portugal
Conceição (Covilhã), a parish in Covilhã
Conceição e Estoi, a parish in Faro
Conceição (Horta), a parish in the district of Horta
Conceição (Ourique), a parish in Ourique
Conceição (Peniche), a parish in the district of Peniche
Conceição (Ribeira Grande), a parish in the district of Ribeira Grande
Conceição de Tavira, a former parish in Tavira
Conceição e Cabanas de Tavira, a parish in Tavira
Conceição (Vila Viçosa), a parish in Vila Viçosa
People
Conceição (surname)
Conceição Andrade (born 1940), Brazilian lawyer and politician
Conceição Evaristo (born 1946), Brazilian writer
Conceição Ferreira (born 1962), Portuguese long-distance runner
Conceição Geremias (born 1956), Brazilian heptathlete
Conceição Lima (born 1961), Santomean poet
Conceição Matos (born 1936), Portuguese communist and political prisoner
Conceição Rodrigues (born 1919), Portuguese footballer
See also
Orfeu da Conceição, stage play with music by Vinicius de Moraes and Antônio Carlos Jobim
Portuguese given names
HMCS Valleyfield was a that served with the Royal Canadian Navy during the Second World War. She served primarily as a convoy escort in the Battle of the Atlantic. She was torpedoed and sunk in May 1944, the only River-class frigate lost by the RCN. She was named for Salaberry-de-Valleyfield, Quebec.
Valleyfield was ordered in October 1941 as part of the 1942–1943 River-class building program. She was laid down on 30 November 1942 by Morton Engineering and Dry Dock Co. at Quebec City and launched 17 July 1943. She was commissioned into the RCN on 7 December 1943 at Quebec City.
Background
The River-class frigate was designed by William Reed of Smith's Dock Company of South Bank-on-Tees. Originally called a "twin-screw corvette", its purpose was to improve on the convoy escort classes in service with the Royal Navy at the time, including the Flower-class corvette. The first orders were placed by the Royal Navy in 1940 and the vessels were named for rivers in the United Kingdom, giving name to the class. In Canada they were named for towns and cities though they kept the same designation. The name "frigate" was suggested by Vice-Admiral Percy Nelles of the Royal Canadian Navy and was adopted later that year.
Improvements over the corvette design included improved accommodation which was markedly better. The twin engines gave only three more knots of speed but extended the range of the ship to nearly double that of a corvette at at 12 knots. Among other lessons applied to the design was an armament package better designed to combat U-boats including a twin 4-inch mount forward and 12-pounder aft. 15 Canadian frigates were initially fitted with a single 4-inch gun forward but with the exception of Valleyfield, they were all eventually upgraded to the double mount. For underwater targets, the River-class frigate was equipped with a Hedgehog anti-submarine mortar and depth charge rails aft and four side-mounted throwers.
River-class frigates were the first Royal Canadian Navy warships to carry the 147B Sword horizontal fan echo sonar transmitter in addition to the irregular ASDIC. This allowed the ship to maintain contact with targets even while firing unless a target was struck. Improved radar and direction-finding equipment improved the RCN's ability to find and track enemy submarines over the previous classes.
Canada originally ordered the construction of 33 frigates in October 1941. The design was too big for the locks on the Lachine Canal so it was not built by the shipyards on the Great Lakes and therefore all the frigates built in Canada were built in dockyards along the West Coast or along the St. Lawrence River below Montreal. In all Canada ordered the construction of 60 frigates including ten for the Royal Navy that transferred two to the United States Navy.
War service
After beginning in St. Margaret's Bay, Valleyfield completed working up in Bermuda. Upon her return in February 1944, she was assigned to the Mid-Ocean Escort Force escort group C-1 as a trans-Atlantic convoy escort. While en route to joining her group in the United Kingdom, she was detached to escort the convoy rescue ship Dundee and her tug to Horta in the Azores. From Horta, Valleyfield escorted and her tug to the United Kingdom. Valleyfield then made one more round-trip before her sinking.
Sinking
After parting company with convoy ONM 234 on 7 May 1944, escort group C-1 was making their way to St. John's when fired two GNATs, acoustic torpedoes, at the five ships. One of the torpedoes hit the port side boiler room on Valleyfield, splitting her in two. She sank in under four minutes. She had been travelling astern of the group and it took some time for the rest of the escorts to realize that Valleyfield had been sunk. Valleyfield and escort group C-1 had not been zig-zagging for several hours even though the conditions for attack by submarine were favourable. Eventually returned to pick up survivors while the other members of the group , and searched unsuccessfully for the U-boat. 43 survivors were rescued from the water, of whom 5 died later. Some criticism was directed at Giffard which, though following procedure at the time, had hesitated before rescuing survivors. This may have increased the number of casualties.
References
Notes
References
Macpherson, Ken; Burgess, John. The ships of Canada's naval forces 1910–1981 : a complete pictorial history of Canadian warships. Collins: Toronto, 1981.
River-class frigates of the Royal Canadian Navy
1943 ships
Maritime incidents in May 1944
Ships sunk by German submarines in World War II
World War II shipwrecks in the Atlantic Ocean
Lego Indiana Jones 2: The Adventure Continues is a Lego-themed action-adventure video game developed by Traveller's Tales and published by LucasArts and is based on the Indiana Jones franchise. It is the sequel to the 2008 game, Lego Indiana Jones: The Original Adventures. The game allows players to play through all Indiana Jones movies, including Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull, which was not included in the previous game. The game adapts different scenes to turn into levels than the original. The game was available for purchase on the Wii, Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, Nintendo DS, PlayStation Portable, Mac OS X, and Microsoft Windows. The Mac OS X version of the game was released on 2 April 2011 by Feral Interactive. The game's DS and PSP release, despite going under the same name, is different from the version available on consoles, PC and Mac, with much less content and varying gameplay.
The game, although a commercial success, received mixed reviews from critics who commended the game for its level design and level creator, while it was also panned for its open-worlds and lack of online play.
Gameplay
Lego Indiana Jones 2: The Adventure Continues lets the player control a Lego figure in areas related to Indiana Jones movie scenes. Each movie in the franchise is contained in a 'playset', with the exception of the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull, which is divided into three playsets. Each playset contains five story levels and a unique hub. These hubs are large maps that function as directories to levels, contain puzzles for purchasable characters, and are traversable by purchasable vehicles. This differs from the original, which had a single hub (Barnett College) where levels could easily be accessed. Playsets have four types of story levels: one with a boss battle against the movies' main antagonist, vehicular levels, in which the player needs to destroy vehicles using the player's own vehicle, levels where many enemies need to be defeated, and general puzzle levels. The hub system was changed from a system where a hub had easily accessible levels to a large area in which entrances to levels must be discovered. Along with the main story levels in each playset, there are additional levels to be found across the hubs, as well as vehicles and characters to be bought. To purchase the characters and vehicles, the player can destroy props or complete puzzles inside levels.
Lego Indiana Jones 2 includes a level creator, the first Lego game to do so, where players can create their own levels using assets unlocked through progression into the game, as well as having to purchase them. This includes blocks, traps, animals, and programmable enemies. In this process, props and bricks are manually put down. Similarly, there is an 'adventure creator' wherein players can make and tweak several decisions to quickly create a custom level. However, all available adventures are based on content already seen in the game. In addition to the level creator, there is also a character creator, although Lego Indiana Jones 2 is not the first Lego game to include such a feature.
Two-player co-op was changed from the original with split-screen; rather than forcing both characters to always be close enough to fit on the same screen, the game seamlessly splits when characters wander apart from one another and merge into one screen when both players are near each other. On 23 November 2009, LucasArts revealed on Twitter that it was working on a patch for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 versions of the game which enabled online co-op gameplay, but the patch never released.
According to IGN, the game should take around 10 and a half hours to complete the story levels, and around 23 and a half to complete the entirety of the game.
The games soundtrack is taken from the Indiana Jones films, and therefore was composed by John Williams.
Plot
The game is a humorous retelling of the four Indiana Jones films: Raiders of the Lost Ark, Temple of Doom, The Last Crusade, and Kingdom of the Crystal Skull. The game's retellings also differ in accuracy to the original films. For instance, they feature boss battles which are either not present or dissimilar to that which is present in the movies. Entrance to the story levels also prompts cutscenes, which explain prior events and lend context to the scene unfolding.
Because the first game already adapted the first three films, they are not as prominently featured in the sequel, and their stories were heavily modified to include new scenes and omit others. As a result, the length to complete the missions for the first three films is much shorter than in the previous game. The fourth film, however, is divided into 3 playsets, adding up to a completion length (with regards to the story levels) closer to the real film's.
Development and release
Lego Indiana Jones 2: The Adventure Continues was developed by Traveller's Tales and TT Fusion. The game was leaked by accident when an animator's résumé was discovered in March 2009, which made reference to the game. The portfolio also alluded to the games that would later become Lego Harry Potter and Lego The Hobbit. The leak was not acknowledged by Traveller's Tales, and, in spite of the leak, the game was not announced until May 29 of the same year, when it was said by LucasArts that the game would offer a 'a tongue-in-cheek take on all four cinematic adventures of pop culture's most iconic archaeologist'. The announcement also made reference to the feature of building custom levels. The game released to North American markets on 17 November 2009, European markets on 20 November, and Australian markets on 25 November. It was distributed for Mac by Feral Interactive worldwide on 2 April 2011.
Prior to its release, the game was the subject of skepticism regarding similarity to the original. It was believed that adding another movie, the critically disliked Kingdom of the Crystal Skull, would not justify making another game after such a short break, as the previous game released only the previous year.
Reception
The game generally received mixed reviews. GameTrailers gave the game a score of 7.0, citing it as 'more repetitive than past titles' and criticizing a lack of online features to complement the co-op and level editor modes. They also criticized the fact that half the game was based on 'the worst movie in the series.' However, GameSpot suggests that the 'roll-your-eyes nature of the film' finds a much better fit in the Lego game adaptation, giving the game an 8.0 overall. IGN gave the game 6.0, citing the lack of secrets in the main levels as well as the hub worlds being a mess, but praised the soundtrack and lasting appeal. Kotaku, however, says the game delivers on many levels and recommends it over the first game. It is also noted for not staying onto the details of the movies and instead focusing on humor, a feature that was present in its predecessor, although the final bosses were noted as being especially unlike the contents of the films. According to IGN, the choice to use different scenes than the original in levels can render the plots incomprehensible for people who had not seen the movies. As for graphics, the game is noted by Gameinformer of having the best graphics of any preceding Lego game, due to its color and increased focus on animations. However, Cheat Code Central criticized how radically different the game's cutscenes are to gameplay in terms of visuals, as well as how stark the realistic backgrounds are relative to Lego elements.
Lego Indiana Jones 2 also released on the PSP and Nintendo DS. This version's puzzles were described by Cheat Code Central as 'cryptic' and that they 'don't quite fit in' with the rest of the game. IGN calls the game repetitive, while also criticizing the choice to only include the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull. They also criticized the controls, calling them 'wonky' and the level design uninteresting.
References
2009 video games
Action-adventure games
Cancelled PlayStation 2 games
Games for Windows certified games
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade games
Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom games
Indiana Jones video games
Indiana Jones 2: The Adventure Continues
MacOS games
Nintendo DS games
PlayStation 3 games
PlayStation Portable games
Raiders of the Lost Ark games
LucasArts games
Traveller's Tales games
Video game sequels
Video games scored by David Whittaker
Video games set in Austria
Video games set in Berlin
Video games set in Brazil
Video games set in Egypt
Video games set in India
Video games set in Nepal
Video games set in Nevada
Video games set in Peru
Video games set in Shanghai
Video games set in Turkey
Video games set in Venice
Video games set in Connecticut
Wii games
Windows games
Xbox 360 games
Split-screen multiplayer games
Feral Interactive games
3D platform games
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
The Bahamian ambassador in Washington, D. C. is the official representative of the Government in Nassau, Bahamas to the Government of the United States.
List of representatives
References
United States
Bahamas The
Migen Metani (born 5 May 1989) is an Albanian football player. He currently plays as a midfielder for Tërbuni Puke in the Albanian First Division.
KF Tirana
Metani made his league debut for KF Tirana on 27 September 2008, in a match against KS Flamurtari Vlore, when the 19-year-old midfielder came on for Hat Trick Hero Migen Memelli on the 78th minute. In the 2008–2009 season he made 3 league appearances, all of them as a substitute. He has so far played 37 minutes in the Albanian Superliga.
Teuta Durres
He signed for Teuta Durres on 22 June 2011 after struggling to fight for a place in the KF Tirana squad.
Career statistics
References
1989 births
Living people
Footballers from Tirana
Albanian footballers
Association football midfielders
KF Tirana players
KS Gramozi Ersekë players
KS Kastrioti players
KF Teuta Durrës players
KF Gramshi players
Kategoria Superiore players
Kategoria e Parë players
Kategoria e Dytë players
My Maudlin Career is the fourth studio album by the Scottish indie pop band Camera Obscura. The album was made available for streaming on 14 April 2009, before being released on 20 April via 4AD. Like its predecessor, the album was produced by Jari Haapalainen of The Bear Quartet. The string and horn arrangements are by Björn Yttling, of Peter Bjorn and John.
Critical reception
The critical response to My Maudlin Career was generally positive. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 reviews from mainstream critics, the album has received a favorable score of 80, based on 25 reviews.
Music critic Tim Sendra of AllMusic called the album "almost an exact copy of their previous album" but added "Really, the group could go on remaking it for years to negligible complaints from their fans and very few diminishing returns." Gareth Grundy of The Observer called the album more polished and poised than the band's previous work. Kevin Liedel of Slant Magazine wrote "The result is not nearly as novel or dorkishly handsome as Country, but it still manages to exude addictive gorgeousness... Luckily, for both the album and its audience, the band's perseverance results in hits more often than misses." In his review for Pitchfork, Brian Howe called the string arrangements out of control but praised the album, writing "it sounds more assertive and agile, with increased swing and soul, than ever before. There are still melodies of heart-wrenching simplicity that stick in your head to an almost irritating degree (beware of the dangerously catchy "James"), balanced by songs with longer, more complex and limber melodic phrases."
Track listing
All songs written by Tracyanne Campbell.
Australian tour edition bonus tracks
"The World Is Full Of Strangers"
"You're the Only Star in My Blue Heaven"
"French Navy (Jim Noir remix)"
"Tougher Than The Rest"
"The Blizzard"
Singles
"French Navy" (April 13, 2009)
CD (BAD 2912 CD) b/w: "You're the Only Star in My Blue Heaven" / "French Navy" (Jim Noir Remix)
7" vinyl (AD 2912) b/w: "The World Is Full of Strangers"
"Honey in the Sun" (August 2009)
Promo-only CD: Radio Edit / Album Version / Instrumental
"The Sweetest Thing" (November 2, 2009)
7" vinyl (AD 2926) b/w: "Tougher Than the Rest" (Bruce Springsteen cover)
"The Blizzard" / "Swans" (December 7, 2009)
7" vinyl (AD 2937): "The Blizzard" / "Swans"
"The Nights Are Cold" / "The Sweetest Thing [Richard Hawley Remix]" (May 17, 2010)
7" vinyl (AD 3X25)
Chart performance
The album reached number 32 on the UK Albums Chart after one week of sales. It also broke into the Billboard Top 100 in the US, peaking at number 87. In Scotland, the album reached number 37.
Personnel
Tracyanne Campbell – vocals, guitar
Carey Lander – organ, piano
Kenny McKeeve – guitar, background vocals
Gavin Dunbar – bass
Lee Thomson – drums
Britta Persson – background vocals
Erik Arvinder – violin
Jessica Hugosson – violin
Santiago Jiménez – violín
Andreas Forsman – violin
Christopher Öhman – viola
Anna Dager – cello
Anna Landberg Dager – cello
Per "Texas" Johansson – horn
Stefan Persson – trumpet
Production notes:
Jari Haapalainen - producer, engineer
Henrik Jonsson – engineer
Pontus Olsson – engineer
Johan Rude – engineer
Björn Yttling – arranger, horn arrangements, string arrangements
Julie Annis – artwork, layout design
Donald Milne – photography
References
2009 albums
Camera Obscura (band) albums
4AD albums
Olympiastadion is the German, Finnish and Swedish word for Olympic Stadium and may refer to:
Stockholm Olympic Stadium, the host of the 1912 Summer Olympics (though mostly referred as simply Stockholms Stadion)
Olympiastadion (Berlin), the host of the 1936 Summer Olympics
Helsinki Olympic Stadium, the host of the 1952 Summer Olympics
Olympiastadion (Munich), the host of the 1972 Summer Olympics
Olympia (Helsingborg), sometimes referred to as Olympiastadion
Jan Breydel Stadium, formerly known as the Olympiastadion
See also
Olympic Stadium
Olympia-Stadion (Berlin U-Bahn)
Berlin Olympiastadion station
Stalettì is a town and comune in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
Geography
The town is bordered by Montauro and Squillace. It has a very well-rounded landscape, including beautiful beaches in the Caminia, Copanello, and Pietragrande frazioni, as well as hills and mountains.
There are many farms, as well, with the predominant export being olives and olive oil.
There is limited road access connecting the upper and lower sections of Stalettì, and it has rendered difficult particularly in moments of need, such as fires and other emergencies.
Notes and references
Guida storico-turistica di Stalettì by Rosario Casalenuovo (Archeoclub d'Italia, Rome 1996)
Il monastero Vivariense di Cassiodoro: ricognizione e ricerche, 1994-1999
External links
The fountain of Cassiodorus. With the nearby Casino Pepe, one of the best-hidden historical treasures of Stalettì.
La fontana di Cassiodoro. Versione italiana di "The Fountain of Cassiodorus".
Cities and towns in Calabria
Everard Francis Aguilar (14 March 1913 – 16 August 1966) was a Jamaican horticulturist, stamp dealer, and philatelist.
He was a member of a family of Jamaican businessmen known for their connections to the horse racing industry. He first worked in real estate before dividing his time between horticulture and philately, both of which were his hobbies and his professions. He wrote and published a handbook of the philately of Jamaica in 1949 and from 1949 to 1958 edited and published the British West Indian Philatelist.
He wrote a survey of the postal history, postage stamps and postmarks of the Cayman Islands with Philip Saunders that was published in 1962 and became a standard work on the area. He re-established the Jamaica Philatelic Society in 1963 and edited its journal but his later years were marred by feuding with the Jamaican government, post office, and others. He fell seriously ill in early 1966 and died the same year, being buried at sea rather than at the family grave plot in Kingston.
Early life and family
Everard Aguilar was born on 14 March 1913 in Kingston, Jamaica, the third and youngest son of the Jamaican-born financier and auctioneer Thomas Newton Aguilar (1851–1937) and his second wife, an Englishwoman named Miss Bastian. Thomas Aguilar was a successful businessman who owned the Knutsford Park Racecourse in Spanish Town, a funeral business, Aguilar's Furnishing Warehouse in Kingston, and was a director of several large companies in Jamaica.
Everard was educated at Calabar High School in Kingston, and in his youth was active in shooting, yachting, badminton and fishing. In the summer of 1935 he toured Europe and North America. In 1940 he took part in the Montego Bay Regatta and in March 1942 had three silver cups stolen from him. He married Florence Ann Taylor (Fay) in April 1942 and they had daughters Frances and Anne.
Career
From 1935 to 1938, Aguilar worked in real estate but later divided his time between horticulture and stamp dealing. He dealt in the stamps of Jamaica, preparing first day covers for new issues and obtaining covers showing TRDs (temporary rubber date-stamps) from the island's many rural post offices that were popular with collectors.
His activities during the Second World War are unknown but in 1948 he attended the 30th Philatelic Congress of Great Britain in Bournemouth and from 1949 to 1958 he edited and published the British West Indian Philatelist, which publication was printed by the Gleaner Company, of which his elder brother Vincent Newton Aguilar was chairman. It often contained advertising for sweepstakes and lotteries run by the Jamaica Turf Club, the Aguilar brothers having connections to horse racing through their father and Vincent's presidency of the Jockey Club. In 1958, he was appointed the West Indies commissioner for the London International Stamp Exhibition 1960, and in 1961 attended the 43rd Philatelic Congress of Great Britain at Blackpool with his family.
From around 1960 he ran The Green Thumb, a florist's shop in Kingston's Old Hope Road that had previously been owned by his brother Andrew Horatio Bastion Aguilar.
With Philip Saunders, he wrote a standard book on the postal history, postage stamps, and postmarks of the Cayman Islands that was published in 1962. The authors attempted to identify any mail sent from the islands before the introduction of stamps, of Jamaica, in 1889 but, despite a search that began in 1955, found no such mail in any private collection. They did identify two letters of 1805 from islanders to General Sir George Nugent, governor of Jamaica, held by a museum in Kingston, Jamaica, and a number of letters from the 1840s, thought to number seven or nine by John Byl, held in the archives of the Methodist Missionary Society. The book received a positive review in The London Philatelist, apart from criticism of the omission of the "scandal" of 1907/08 when Cayman Islands stamps were hand-surcharged to alleviate a shortage of half and one penny stamps. The surcharging was seen in philatelic circles as unnecessary and an attempt to benefit officials or local collectors.
In 1963, Aguilar re-established the Jamaica Philatelic Society with the assistance of The Institute of Jamaica, and published and edited its official journal West Indies Stamps. David Horry describes it principally as a vehicle for Aguilar to air his feuds with the Jamaican post office and government, stamp printers, and the large London dealers Stanley Gibbons by whom he felt slighted. He proposed ideas for several stamp issues which were ignored or rejected, such as after the death of James Bond creator and Jamaica resident Ian Fleming, and tighter processes at the Post Office made it harder for him to produce the covers for sale to collectors which formed an important part of his trade.
He wrote a chapter on Jamaican stamps for Morris Cargill's Ian Fleming Introduces Jamaica (1965) for which Fleming provided the introduction, Cargill the editing, and various experts the chapters on different aspects of Jamaica.
Death
Aguilar fell seriously ill in early 1966 and travelled abroad for treatment but returned to Jamaica still in poor health. He died at his home in Jack's Hill, a suburb of Kingston, on 16 August 1966. He was buried at sea and not at the family grave at St Andrew's Parish Church as his father and brothers were. He received obituaries in The Daily Gleaner and the BWISC Bulletin.
Selected publications
The Philatelic Handbook of Jamaica. E. F. Aguilar, Kingston, 1949. (2nd edition 1959)
The Cayman Islands, Their postal history, postage stamps and postmarks. F. J. Parsons, Folkestone, 1962. (With Philip Saunders)
"Jamaican stamps" in Morris Cargill (Ed.) Ian Fleming Introduces Jamaica. Andre Deutsch, London, 1965.
References
External links
1913 births
1966 deaths
Horticulturists
20th-century Jamaican businesspeople
Philatelists
People educated at Calabar High School
Rose breeders
Burials at sea
Stamp dealers
Philately of Jamaica
Margherita Caffi (1650 – 20 September 1710) was an Italian painter of still lifes of flowers and fruit. She was born Margherita Volo, in Milan to Francesco Volo (a still-life painter himself) and his wife, Veronica. In 1668, she married Ludivico Caffi (also a still-life painter) in Cremona. She settled in Piacenza in 1670. She is known to have had at least four children. She died in Milan at the age of sixty.
References
1650 births
1710 deaths
Painters from Cremona
17th-century Italian painters
18th-century Italian painters
Italian Baroque painters
Painters from Milan
Italian women painters
Italian still life painters
Flower artists
17th-century Italian women artists
18th-century Italian women artists
Ninoslav Milenković (Serbian Cyrillic: Нинослав Миленковић; born December 31, 1977 in Subotica, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Bosnian retired footballer who last played for Panserraikos.
Club career
On the club level, before coming to China, Ninoslav Milenković was active for FK Mladost Lučani and FK Hajduk Kula in Serbia, B36 Tórshavn in the Faroe Islands, Sint-Truidense, Germinal Beerschot, K. Lierse S.K. in the Belgian First Division, FK Leotar Trebinje and FK Sarajevo in the Bosnian-Herzegovinian Premier League, Dynamo Dresden in Germany, Panserraikos F.C. in Greece and Enosis Neon Paralimni FC in Cyprus.
He transferred to Qingdao Jonoon in July 2010.
International career
He made his debut for Bosnia and Herzegovina in a February 2004 friendly match away against Macedonia and has earned a total of 15 caps, scoring no goals. Milenković played 7 games out of a possible 10 in 2006 FIFA World Cup qualification. His final international was a September 2006 European Championship qualification match against Hungary.
References
External links
weltfussball
1977 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Subotica
Association football central defenders
Bosnia and Herzegovina footballers
Bosnia and Herzegovina international footballers
FK Mladost Lučani players
B36 Tórshavn players
Dynamo Dresden players
TGM SV Jügesheim players
FK Hajduk Kula players
FK Leotar players
Lierse S.K. players
Beerschot A.C. players
Sint-Truidense V.V. players
FK Sarajevo players
Panserraikos F.C. players
Enosis Neon Paralimni FC players
Qingdao Hainiu F.C. (1990) players
NK Istra 1961 players
Doxa Drama F.C. players
First League of Serbia and Montenegro players
Faroe Islands Premier League players
Regionalliga players
Oberliga (football) players
Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina players
Belgian First Division A players
Super League Greece players
Cypriot First Division players
Chinese Super League players
Croatian Football League players
Football League (Greece) players
Gamma Ethniki players
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Serbia and Montenegro
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Serbia and Montenegro
Expatriate footballers in the Faroe Islands
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in the Faroe Islands
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Expatriate footballers in Cyprus
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Cyprus
Expatriate footballers in China
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in China
Expatriate footballers in Croatia
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Croatia
R Serpentis is a Mira variable type star in the equatorial constellation of Serpens. It ranges between apparent magnitude 5.16 and 14.4, and spectral types M5e to M8e, over a period of 356.41 days. The variability of this star was discovered in 1826 by Karl Ludwig Harding.
References
M-type giants
Mira variables
Serpens (constellation)
Durchmusterung objects
141850
077615
5894
Serpentis, R
Treasure of the Moon Goddess is a 1987 Mexican-American adventure film directed by Joseph Louis Agraz, starring Asher Brauner, Don Calfa, Linnea Quigley and Jo Ann Ayres. The plot concerns a pop singer who is kidnapped by pirates while touring Central America because of her resemblance to a native moon goddess.
Cast
Asher Brauner as Sam Kidd
Don Calfa as Harold Grand
Linnea Quigley as Lu De Belle
Jo-Ann Ayer as Brandy
Danny Addis as Diaz
Danny Addis as Imal
Rene Pereyra as Carlos
Enrique Lucero as Tupac
Ramon Barragan as Louis
Eric Weston as Treasure Thief
Antonio Sanchez as Diaz Thug
External links
1987 films
1980s adventure drama films
American adventure drama films
1980s English-language films
English-language Mexican films
1980s Spanish-language films
Mexican adventure drama films
1987 drama films
1987 multilingual films
American multilingual films
Mexican multilingual films
1980s American films
Three States is an unincorporated community in Caddo Parish, Louisiana, Miller County, Arkansas, and Cass County, Texas. The community is at the point where three states meet: Texas, Arkansas, and Louisiana. In 2000, the population was 45. The Louisiana side of Three States is part of the Shreveport – Bossier City metropolitan area, while the Arkansas side is part of the Texarkana metropolitan area.
References
Unincorporated communities in Louisiana
Unincorporated communities in Texas
Unincorporated communities in Cass County, Texas
Unincorporated communities in Caddo Parish, Louisiana
Geoffrey Louis Rossano was an American author and historian with an emphasis on aviation, maritime and military history. He died after a long struggle with kidney failure on July 23, 2021. He lived in Salisbury, Connecticut, and was an instructor in history at the Salisbury School and the school archivist. He was the 2010 winner of the Theodore and Franklin D. Roosevelt Naval History Prize for Stalking the U-Boat: U.S. Naval Aviation In Europe During World War I, a book that comprehensively examines how naval aviation during WW1 proved the usefulness of aviation in fleet operations. Rossano's most recent book was Hero of the Angry Sky: the World War I diary and letters of David S. Ingalls, America's first naval ace.
Early life
Rossano received a BA from Tufts University and both his MA and PhD from the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill. His PhD was in American history and his dissertation was titled, “A subtle revolution : the urban transformation of rural life, New Gloucester, Maine, 1775-1930” (completed in 1980).
Career
Some of Rossano's early projects include a series of Historic and Architectural Resource Surveys beginning in 1996 and running until 2003. The subjects of these surveys were the Connecticut towns of Sharon, Voluntown, Union, Lisbon, Sprague, Griswold, Manchester, Franklin and Orange and they were published with the support of the State Historic Preservation Office (formerly the Connecticut Historical Commission).
Before becoming a teacher, Rossano worked in New York state government in the Office of the State Comptroller and the State Senate. During this period, he served as vice president of the State's Urban Development Corporation.
Rossano also consulted on projects such as “museum exhibits, historic building surveys, and research reports” for local museums and historical societies.
Personal life
Rossano is married to Joan Baldwin and has two daughters.
Awards and recognition
2010 Theodore and Franklin D. Roosevelt Naval History Prize, Winner
2013 Admiral Arthur Radford Award for Excellence in Naval Aviation history and literature, Winner
Bibliography
Creating a dignified past: museums and the colonial revival. Savage, Md.: Rowman & Littlefield, 1991.
Connecticut's historic national guard armories. [Hartford, Conn.]: Connecticut Historical Commission : Connecticut Military Dept., 1995.
Built to serve: Connecticut's National Guard Armories 1865-1940. Hartford, Conn.: Connecticut Historical Commission, c2003.
Stalking the U-boat: U.S. naval aviation in Europe during World War I. Gainesville: University Press of Florida, c2010. .
Hero of the angry sky: the World War I diary and letters of David S. Ingalls, America's first naval ace. Athens, OH: Ohio University Press, c2013. .
The Price of Honor: The World War One Letters of Naval Aviator Kenneth MacLeish.
References
American military historians
American male non-fiction writers
Living people
American educators
Year of birth missing (living people)
Project Jonah is an environmental organisation that was established in 1974 in New Zealand. It specialises in the protection and conservation of marine mammals (whales, dolphins and seals).
The key areas in which they work is rescuing stranded marine mammals, advocacy for marine mammals, ensuring compliance with legislation. They are regularly involved in rescuing stranded whales around New Zealand. New Zealand has one of the highest rates of whale strandings with the beached whales, and marine mammals in general, being the responsibility of the Department of Conservation.
Project Jonah gave a major impetus for the government to create the Marine Mammals Protection Act 1978.
See also
Anti-whaling
Marine conservation activism
Jonah, in the Bible
References
External links
Project Jonah
Nature conservation organisations based in New Zealand
Whale conservation
Organizations established in 1974
Wildlife rehabilitation and conservation centers
Animal welfare organisations based in New Zealand
The Iron Bridge is a grade I listed early cast iron bridge crossing a tributary of the River Lark in grounds of Culford Park in the village of Culford near Bury St Edmunds, Suffolk.
The bridge is of exceptional interest as one of the earliest bridges with an unmodified cast-iron structure to survive. Built for Charles Cornwallis, 2nd Marquess Cornwallis the owner of Culford Park in 1804, it is a unique example of a cast iron bridge built to the patent of Samuel Wyatt. The rib castings feature oval tubular sections and is the earliest known example with hollow ribs leading to the structure received a grade I listing on 15 May 1996.
The woods to the South West of the bridge is known as Iron Bridge Carr.
Design
On 10 June 1800 Samuel Wyatt patented a new design for ...constructing bridges, warehouse, and other builds without the use of wood... which was published in the Repertory of Arts and Manufactures: Vol.14 in 1801.
The patent describes how to construct a bridge using: ...hollow pieces of cast iron in a longitudinal direction and plates or pipes of the same material, having sockets on them, to receive the ends or shoulders of the said pipes, tubes, or other hollow pieces, placed transversely; and extending from one side of the bridge to the other, so that when the required number of pipes, tubes, or other hollow pieces of cast-iron, and of transverse places, or pieces, are put together they form the arch, and so firmly fix, connect, and unite, all the parts, as not to require the aid of screws, bolts, cramps, or any wrought-iron fastenings whatever; but, for the sake of giving the joins a more equal bearing, it will be proper to run lead or cement into them.
The bridge at Culford follows this design with 5 cast iron voussoirs making up one segment arc which is repeated six times forming the 60 ft span connected with socketed joints. Arched plates between the ribs carry the infill up to roadway level with channelled granite abutments on either side. Masonry balustrades line the edge of the bridge 20 ft wide with carved marble urns at the ends.
Construction
The metal segments for the bridge were cast in 1804 by William Hawks and Son of Gateshead and weighed 80 tons, along with 2 tons of lead at a cost of £1,457. It's estimated that the additional cost of transportation, stonework, and construction gave a total of £10,000 for the installation of the bridge, approximately £1 million in 2019 prices.
Samuel Wyatt 's brother James was appointed in the 1790s to make modifications to Culford Hall which drew heavily on Samuel's work at Shugborough Hall so it is likely Samuel's bridge design was introduced at this point.
The infill of the bridge between the deck and road surface was examined in 1998 as was found to be made up of; a single layer of yellow bricks, 15cm of chalk, 40cm of hoggin, finished with 5cm of topsoil with slight different composition at the abutments. It is believed that this material dates from the original construction.
Gallery
References
Bridges in Suffolk
Grade I listed bridges
Bridges completed in 1804
Grade I listed buildings in Suffolk
Culford
Cast-iron arch bridges in England
Horatio Ballard (August 1803 – October 8, 1879) was an American lawyer and politician who was New York Secretary of State from January 1, 1862, to December 31, 1863.
Life
He was born in Homer, New York in 1803 and educated in the Pompey and Cortland Academies. He studied law with Judge Stephens of Cortland and Freeborn G. Jewett of Skaneateles. After being admitted to practice at the age of twenty-four, he partnered with Stephens in Cortland for many years. In 1842, he succeeded Shankland as district attorney. He was a delegate to the 1844 and 1856 Democratic National Conventions. On June 9, 1847, he married Sarah N. Fairchild. He was elected Secretary of State of New York in 1861. He was a member of the New York State Assembly (Cortland Co.) in 1867. He was a delegate to the New York State Constitutional Convention of 1867–68, playing an important role. He died at his residence in Cortland, N.Y.
References
Obituary transcribed from The Cortland County Democrat, on October 10, 1879
Political Graveyard (stating erroneously that he was Consul in Havana, in fact he was nominated, but rejected by the Senate)
People from Homer, New York
1803 births
1879 deaths
Members of the New York State Assembly
Secretaries of State of New York (state)
19th-century American politicians
Hot Tub Time Machine is a 2010 American science-fiction comedy film directed by Steve Pink and starring John Cusack, Rob Corddry, Craig Robinson, Clark Duke, Crispin Glover, Lizzy Caplan, and Chevy Chase. The film was released on March 26, 2010. It follows four men who travel back in time to 1986 via a hot tub, and must find a way to return to 2010. A sequel, Hot Tub Time Machine 2, was released on February 20, 2015.
Plot
Three estranged, depressed friends—Adam Yates, a workaholic who was dumped by his girlfriend; neglected husband Nick Webber-Agnew, who works a dead-end job; and Lou Dorchen, an alcoholic slacker in his 40s—reconnect when Lou is hospitalized with carbon monoxide poisoning. To cheer him up, Adam and Nick arrange for Lou to join them and Adam's slacker nephew Jacob at Kodiak Valley Ski Resort, where the three enjoyed themselves in their youth. When they arrive, they find that the town is not what it used to be, with many of the stores boarded up and the hotel run down.
While drinking in their hotel room's hot tub, the four accidentally douse the console with an energy drink. The next day, the four go skiing, and after many strange occurrences, they realize they have traveled back to 1986. Adam, Lou, and Nick have also assumed their younger bodies, although Jacob's appearance has not changed since he was not born yet, though he occasionally flickers.
A cryptic repairman appears and warns them not to change anything, as it might affect history. To minimize the butterfly effect, the group plans to re-enact their experiences: Adam has to break up with his girlfriend Jenny and get stabbed in the eye with a fork; Lou must pick a fight with and get beaten up by Blaine, a ski patrol bully; Nick must have sex with a groupie and perform with his band at an open microphone event. They also find Adam's sister—and Jacob's mother—Kelly at the resort.
The three find their tasks difficult; Lou gets punched by Blaine and loses his backpack, but realizes he must face him again later at night, so he reluctantly challenges Blaine again. Adam becomes attracted to Jenny again and loses the will to break up, but is distracted when he meets free-spirited music journalist April during a concert. Nick is concerned about cheating on his wife, even though he has not married yet at the time.
Jenny turns the tables on Adam when she initiates their breakup, but Adam still gets stabbed in the eye with a fork after he tries to prevent the breakup. Dejected, he wanders around the resort alone before encountering April, and they break into a home and become intimate. Meanwhile, Nick covers more upbeat music during his performance. When the repairman tells Jacob a chemical is the key to their time travel, Jacob realizes it was the energy drink they spilled.
After the group prevents Lou falling off the rooftop, they go to Blaine's cabin to search for the drink. Lou seduces Kelly. When Jacob interrupts Lou and Kelly having sex, he suddenly vanishes. They realize that Lou is Jacob's father, and he reappears after Lou and Kelly finish conceiving him. Leaving Kelly, Lou finally beats Blaine, and the four retrieve the energy drink and return to the hot tub where they create a vortex.
Jacob and Nick enter the tub first, but Lou decides to stay in 1986, admitting to Adam that his carbon monoxide poisoning was a suicide attempt. Knowing the future, he intends to make investments and have a closer relationship with Jacob. Adam insists upon staying too, but Lou throws him into the vortex at the last moment.
Back in 2010, Adam, Nick, and Jacob discover that Lou has changed history by founding the immensely successful Lougle, which affords him a luxurious lifestyle with Kelly. Adam discovers that he is happily married to April, while Nick is a successful music producer married to a loving and supportive wife. They reunite at Lou's mansion with their families, satisfied with their new lives.
Cast
John Cusack as Adam Yates
Jake Rose as 1986 Adam
Rob Corddry as Lou "Violator" Dorchen
Brook Bennett as 1986 Lou
Craig Robinson as Nick Webber-Agnew
Aliu Oyofo as 1986 Nick
Clark Duke as Jacob Yates
Chevy Chase as Repairman
Collette Wolfe as Kelly Yates
Crispin Glover as Phil Wedmaier
Sebastian Stan as Blaine
Lizzy Caplan as April Drennan
Crystal Lowe as Zoe
Kellee Stewart as Courtney Agnew
Odessa Rojen as 9-year-old Courtney
Lyndsy Fonseca as Jenny
Charlie McDermott as Chaz
Jessica Paré as Tara
William Zabka as Rick Steelman
Production
Steve Pink directed the movie and Josh Heald wrote the screenplay. It was filmed primarily at the Vancouver Film Studios in Vancouver and the Fernie Alpine Resort in Fernie, British Columbia. Kelvin Humenny served as the art director for the film.
Marketing
The first trailer for the film and the red-band trailer appeared on July 24, 2009, at Comic-Con 2009 and on the Internet. One of the red-band trailers consists primarily of specially shot footage (not featured in the film) of Jessica Paré's character in a tub. The film was screened for free in over 50 cities in the weeks leading up to its release.
On March 29, 2010, Corddry and Duke were guest hosts on WWE Raw from the US Airways Center in Phoenix, Arizona, to promote the film. Robinson did make a short appearance, but only via satellite.
Release
The film opened at number three with a weekend gross of $14 million in 2,754 theaters, averaging $5,091 per theater. Hot Tub Time Machine grossed $50.3 million in North America and $14.3 million in other territories for a worldwide total of $64.6 million against a budget of $36 million.
Hot Tub Time Machine was released on DVD and Blu-ray Disc on June 1, 2010. An "unrated" version was also released, with the Blu-ray Disc containing a digital copy.
Reception
On Rotten Tomatoes, Hot Tub Time Machine has an approval rating of 64% based on 212 reviews on the Tomatometer, a viewer score of 56% based on more than 10,000 reviews, and an average rating of 6.1/10. The website's critical consensus reads: "It's flagrantly silly scriptand immensely likable castmake up for most of its flaws." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 63 out of 100 based on 36 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B" on an A+ to F scale.
The New York Times critic A. O. Scott stated:
Roger Ebert gave the film three stars out of four:
Soundtrack
The soundtrack for the film, officially titled Hot Tub Time Machine (Music From the Motion Picture), was released in 2010 by Rhino Entertainment. Several of the songs were sung by members of the film.
Some tracks have artists in parentheses; this is the artist who originally performed the song.
"Louder Than a Bomb" – Public Enemy
"Perfect Way" – Scritti Politti
"The Safety Dance" (extended 12" EP remastered version) – Men Without Hats
"What You Need" (Single/LP version) – INXS
"Modern Love" (Single version; 2002 digital remaster) – David Bowie
"I Will Dare" – The Replacements
"Push It" (album version) – Salt-n-Pepa
"Bring On the Dancing Horses" – Echo & the Bunnymen
"Save It for Later" – The Beat (known as The English Beat in the USA)
"True" – Spandau Ballet
"Jessie's Girl" (Rick Springfield) – Craig Robinson
"Bizarre Love Triangle" (Shep Pettibone 12" Remastered Remix) – New Order
"Once in a Lifetime" (2006 Remastered version) – Talking Heads
"Home Sweet Home" – Mötley Crüe (also performed by Rob Corddry during the closing credits)
"Let's Get It Started" (The Black Eyed Peas) – Craig Robinson
"Hero" - Enrique Iglesias
Not included in the album
The following songs were featured in the film, but not included in the soundtrack album:
"(I Just) Died in Your Arms" – Cutting Crew
"Dancing On A Volcano" – Tamplin
"Bar Bet" – Jake Monaco
"Blind Man" – Newton Talks
"Careless Whisper" (George Michael) – Craig Robinson
"Cry Tough" – Poison
"Cubicle" -The Ultra-Infidels
"Heaven's Sake" – Perfect
"I Can't Wait" – Nu Shooz
"I Heard a Rumor" – Ghost Swami
"I Want to Know What Love Is" – Foreigner
"Keep Your Eye on the Money" – Mötley Crüe
"Kickstart My Heart" – Mötley Crüe
"My Block" – Cham Pain
"Mystery" – The Little Wands
"Obsession" – Animotion
"Occam's Razor" – Ocha la Rocha
"Patrolio" – Jake Monaco
"Skin I'm In" – Static Revenger featuring Luciana
"Smooth Up in Ya" – BulletBoys
"Talk Dirty to Me" – Poison
"The Stripper" – David Rose
"Turn Up the Radio" – Autograph
"Venus" – The Jerry Ross Symphosium
"Yes Man" – The Little Wands
Sequel
Although not a huge commercial success, strong home video sales prompted a sequel to Hot Tub Time Machine. John Cusack did not return, and Adam Scott played his character's son. Although Cusack has stated on his Twitter account that he was not even asked to be a part of the sequel, he makes an uncredited cameo in the unrated home video release of the film.
Released on February 20, 2015, the sequel was panned by critics and was a box-office failure, grossing less money in its entire theatrical run ($12.8 million) than the original made in its opening weekend ($14 million).
References
External links
2010s adventure comedy films
2010s science fiction comedy films
American adventure comedy films
American buddy films
American science fiction comedy films
American screwball comedy films
Films about vacationing
Films directed by Steve Pink
Films produced by John Morris
Films scored by Christophe Beck
Films set in 1986
Films set in 2010
Films shot in California
Films shot in Vancouver
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
Films about alcoholism
American skiing films
Films with screenplays by John Morris
Films with screenplays by Sean Anders
Films about time travel
United Artists films
Films set in the 1980s
2010 comedy films
2010 films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Çıngıl is a village in the District of Şereflikoçhisar, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Şereflikoçhisar District
Sarıkoz, Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çubuk District
Sir Clement Clerke, 1st Baronet (died 1693) was an important (but financially unsuccessful) English entrepreneur, whose greatest achievement was the application of the reverberatory furnace (cupola) to smelting lead and copper, and to remelting pig iron for foundry purposes.
Background
Clement Clerke was the third son of George Clerke of Willoughby, Warwickshire, and was created a baronet shortly after the Restoration. He was married to Sarah, daughter and heiress of George Talbot of Rudge, Shropshire. In 1657, he bought the Launde Abbey estate in Leicestershire in 1658 and this was settled on him and his wife. They had another estate at Notgrove in Gloucestershire.
Iron smelting
In the early 1670s, Sir Clement joined various other people in sponsoring Dud Dudley to build a furnace at Dudley to smelt iron using a mixed fuel made from wood and coal. This (uniquely) was to be powered by the strength of men and of horses. By 1674 Sir Clement and John Finch of Dudley were the only partners. Finch had other ironworks, but competition between him and Philip Foley was damaging to them both; this led them to enter into a restrictive agreement as to where they would respectively buy wood and generally limiting their activities. A few months later, John Finch sold all his works to Alderman John Foorth (of London) and Sir Clement Clerke. They also bought wood in the Forest of Dean, but found that the King's Ironworks there had been sold to Paul Foley for demolition and had to build their own furnace at Linton, Herefordshire. They then brought in further partners including John's brother Dannett Foorth and George Skippe of Ledbury. They also bought further ironworks from Philip Foley. This proved to be a troubled business because Sir Clement borrowed money from moneylenders on the security of his share (in breach of the terms of the partnership agreement). This led Dannett Foorth having him Sir Clement arrested for debt, and George Skippe bailing him out. These difficulties were resolved by the sale of the ironworks in 1676, and the dissolution of the partnership.
The River Stour
During their partnership, Andrew Yarranton persuaded John Foorth and Sir Clement Clerke to finance the completion of the navigation of the Worcestershire Stour. This would have been a convenience for them, as it ran near some of their works, but nothing was done except pay off some debts, due to the problems with the ironworks business. On its dissolution, George Skippe took over Foorth's share in the navigation; new contractors (including Andrew Yarranton's son Robert, and they were to be paid by instalments as the works progressed, but the money ran out when the river was only completed from Stourbridge to Kidderminster.
Lead smelting
By this stage, Sir Clement had exhausted his resources; the manor of Rudge was ultimately foreclosed by the mortgagee. Lord Grandison had financed a certain Samuel Hutchinson, who had a patent for smelting lead with pitcoal, but failed. Grandison then approached Sir Clement. Grandison and Robert Thorowgood (a King's Lynn merchant) provided the capital in 1678 for Sir Clement and Francis Nicholson (Grandison's dependent) to set up lead works. Sir Clement went to Bristol and built cupolas - reverberatory furnaces, but when Sir Clement went back for the rest of the capital, he found that Nicholson had taken it to Derbyshire and lost it.
In 1683, there was a complicated agreement to the effect that business should be carried on by Sir Clement's son Talbot, but he was not quite 21 years old so that the business had to be in the name of a trustee. The business was in fact profitable. Talbot sought to declare a dividend, but Lord Grandison and his fellow financier, Hon. Henry Howard demanded that they be repaid money that they said Sir Clement owed them. This led to litigation, during the course of which one Gravely Claypoole was appointed by the court to run the works for Grandison. The litigation was ultimately resolved in Talbot's favour.
Another venture related to the production of white lead. This was in the names of Talbot's trustee an Grandison's son Edward Fitzgerald Villiers, but was evidently not successful, with the result that money had to be obtained by mortgaging Launde Abbey to repay Villiers.
Copper and company flotations
In 1687, while the lead cupola was out of their possession, Sir Clement and Talbot built a reverberatory furnace at Putney and smelted copper there. A patent was obtained for this in 1688. This led to the establishment of a copper smelting works close to the banks of the River Wye at Redbrook and the chartering of the English Copper Company.
With the conclusion of the litigation, the cupola near Bristol reverted to Talbot Clerke. The Company for Smelting down Lead with Pitcoal (later in different ownership known as the London Lead Company) was chartered to run this, but this was evidently not successful and returned to Talbot (by then Sir Talbot) in 1695.
'A work for remelting and casting old iron with sea coal' was built at 'Fox Hall' (probably Vauxhall under the direction of Sir Clement. This was the first reverberatory furnace (in this case known as an 'air furnace') to be built for iron foundry purposes. This seems to have formed the basis for the Company for Making Iron with Pitcoal, though it may also have been intended to exploit a patent granted to Thomas Addison in 1692. The company ran its foundry for a few years, with Thomas Fox (the brother of Shadrach Fox of Coalbrookdale) as founder.
Impact
Sir Clement apparently guided many of these developments; though he probably did not personally benefit from them financially, his sons probably did. Sir Clement is certainly to be credited with the practical application of the reverberatory furnace (or cupola) to several metallurgical processes. Until the introduction in the late 18th century of the foundry cupola (which is a sort of small blast furnace), his air furnace was the normal way of remelting pig for foundry purposes. The cupola (reverberatory furnace) long remained in use for smelted copper and lead, and was applied by Robert Lyddall to tin.
It is not clear where he obtained his knowledge of metallurgy, but it is possible that Dud Dudley was his teacher; certainly, his lead smelting efforts seem to be foreshadowed by an enterprise involving Dud Dudley at Okham Slade (location unknown) in Clifton, Bristol. Sir Clement died in debt in 1693. His baronetcy passed to Talbot, as did Launde Abbey, which was not swallowed by his debts because of his marriage settlement.
References
1693 deaths
Baronets in the Baronetage of England
British metallurgists
English inventors
Year of birth unknown
{{infobox person
| name =Okuyo Joel Atiku Prynce
| image = Joel Okuyo (Right) in Nigeria.jpg
| caption =Prince (Right) and Agnes Kebirungi (Left) from Battle of the Souls with Olu Jacobs (Centre) in Nigeria
| birth_name = Okuyo Joel Atiku Prynce
| alias =
| relatives =
| birth_date =
| birth_place = Arua, Uganda.
| module =
| partner = Cindy Sanyu
}}Okuyo Joel Atiku Prynce' is a Ugandan actor, model, photographer and lecturer at Uganda Christian University where he graduated with a Bachelor of Social Work and Social Administration (BSWSA) plus Makerere University, the Best Two Campuses in Uganda. His film acting breakthrough came when he was cast as the Devil's reincarnation in Ugandan director Matt Bish's 2007 Film Battle of the Souls, a popular Ugawood Movie. It was based on the real-life story of the director's brother, KFM Radio Presenter Roger Mugisha. Prynce is also the President of his own company The Lhynnq-X, Inc. Born in Arua on 4 December 1983 to a Lugbara couple, the late Lt.Colonel Gabriel Francis Atiku and Yema Drakuru Atiku, his debut villain role won him over five international accolades including Best Supporting Actor at the Balafon Film Festival in Bari, Italy (2008) and 2009's Best Actor in Supporting Role at the African Movie Academy Awards (AMAA) in Lagos, Nigeria. Other awards include Best Actor at both Ubuntu Village, Colorado (USA) in 2010 and the 2011 Zanzibar International Film Festival [ZIFF] in Tanzania. Ugandan newspaper The Observer labelled Okuyo Africa's Brad Pitt.
Career
His mother recalls that Joel started acting by copying his father's walking style at age 4 plus things he watched on TV or saw at school. By Primary Five, he had won his first award and kept acting throughout his school experience. Okuyo also joined MITG (Music & Instrumental Training Group), an Arua-based Drama Group that championed European Union AIDS Intervention Programmes in West Nile. Joel has acted in many films and plays, both local and international plus worked with world class directors such as Michael Landon, Jr., Gabriel Range, Adrian McFarlane, Ruman Kudwai, Yuval Shefferman and fellow countryman Matt Bish (Full name: Matthew Bishanga). Joel played roles in feature films like State Research Bureau (S.R.B.) plus TV Series like Locked Up Abroad, Raised Wild and Lost in Africa.
The Maisha Film Lab short films he acted in after training at Mira Nair's annual film academy include On Time (2008) directed by Patricia Olwoch, Looserpool, Live Joseph and Estranged (where he played a lead role) directed by Sandra Kosse.
Other shorts he has featured in include Fruits of Love, Journey to Jamaa as Lucky, Haunted Souls and A Good Catholic Girl directed by Matt Bish (which was included in Africa First: Volume Two, an anthology of five short films from new African filmmakers).
He was the face of BlackBerry Curve (MTN Uganda) in 2007. Then in 2009, he became a runway model at V.I.P fashion night in Lagos, Nigeria. He has worked as a model at Vanity Models (Verona, Italy) and Uganda's Gorgeous Fashions. Joel's face also appears in SAB Miller Television, Billboard & Print Media advertisements for beer brands such as Stone Lager in Ghana, Safari Lager in Tanzania and Nile Special Lager in his home country, all directed by Mark Lawrie for The Videolounge. Other TV commercials include Warid Telecom (Congo Brazzaville) directed by Steve Jean; Warid (Uganda), Stanbic Bank and Johns Hopkins University directed by Carolyn Kamya plus Bank of Uganda directed by Matt Bish.
He was the first male to appear in the African Woman Magazines 'All Lights On' Segment in 2010.
Joel appeared in the promo for Love Makanika (TV series), one of the first programmes aired on Pearl Magic that went digital on GOtv beginning Monday 1 October 2018.
Radio
Okuyo has lent his talent as a supporting voice to radio productions like Mako Meere directed by Patricia Olwoch (for Mifumi) and Rock Point by Albert Mwesige (Audio Central). He once worked for Bob FM also.
Theatre
He has acted in theatre performances like Just You Me & the Silence directed by Judith Adong in conjunction with Alfajiri Productions. In 2017, he took part as Lokil in preparing a stage play entitled Strings that will first be performed on 22 November.
Controversial performance
Okuyo received negative criticism, even from friends for acting in The River and the Mountain, a play whose parts Uganda's Media Council ruled "implicitly promote homosexual acts". Written by Oxford-educated poet Beau Hopkins in collaboration with David Cecil, a British producer and the manager of Tilapia (Cultural Centre where the play ran for a week until 23 August 2012), it was deemed contrary to the laws, cultural norms and values of Uganda hence Cecil's arrest on 6 September 2012. In the play, Okuyo plays Samson, a homosexual factory owner killed by his own workers after they are incited by fiercely conservative pastors. Okuyo was accused of "being funded by gay lobby groups", but replied, "I am not into gay advocacy.' Although with this play, we do want to make people understand that we are all human. We should not judge, segregate, harm or kill others."
Personal interests
Joel enjoys drawing (Art), fashion, film acting, modelling, meeting new friends, humanitarianism, playing basketball, guitar, swimming, fishing, reading, cooking, writing and travelling. In March 2020, he got engaged to dancehall artiste Cindy Sanyu with whom he had worked on two films November Tear and Bella.
Filmography
Music videos
Okuyo features in Priscilla Kalibala's "Boo", the original soundtrack to Battle of the Souls plus "Free People" written and performed by Terry De Vos as the original soundtrack to State Research Bureau''. He also features in Winnie Nwagi's "Kibulamu" music video as her lover. The singer tells him that their relationship lacks certain romantic things, so they need to go their separate ways. Winnie even packs her bag to leave. In the end, they reconcile but while sitting at a table, two packs of condoms fall from Okuyo's coat and the video fades. He also features in "Ready To Leave" by Abasa. Prynce through his production company has made music videos for artistes like Cindy including "Whine Yo Waist", "Sunset" and "Kiki", etc.
Films
Television
References
External links
Uganda: Country's Leading Man
Official website
Best Supporting Actor Africa Movie Academy Award winners
Living people
Uganda Christian University alumni
Ugandan male film actors
Ugandan male models
Ugandan male stage actors
Uganda Christian University academics
21st-century Ugandan male actors
1983 births
Denny Moyer (August 8, 1939 – June 30, 2010) was an American boxer who held the world light middleweight title between 1962 and 1963. He finished his career with a 98–38–4 record.
Early life
Moyer was born in Portland, Oregon, and attended Central Catholic High School. He was the younger brother of Phil Moyer, another of Portland's finest professional boxers. Both Denny and Phil were trained as amateur boxers by their uncle, Tommy Moyer, who had been a national AAU boxing champion.
Early professional career
Moyer fought Don Jordan for the world welterweight title on July 7, 1959, after just 21 professional bouts, in his home town of Portland. Moyer was outpointed, making the world title shot his first defeat. He continued to box in the best company for two years, and then won the vacant World light-middleweight title by gaining a point win over Joey Giambra. After one successful defense, he lost the title to Ralph Dupas on points.
Sugar Ray Robinson bouts
Perhaps the most distinctive place in the history of boxing the boxing Moyer family from Portland will hold is that all three boxed the famous Sugar Ray Robinson. Uncle Tommy Moyer lost to Sugar Ray in New York as an amateur. Denny Moyer fought Sugar Ray in New York twice as a pro, losing the first fight on points but winning the second by 7-3 scores on all three cards. Phil Moyer had his chance with the legendary Robinson in a bout in Woodland Hills, California. He too outpointed Sugar Ray, giving the Moyer family a very respectable 2 - 2 record against one of the sports most celebrated champions.
Later career
Moyer became a middleweight and in 1970 won the American middleweight title by out pointing Eddie Pace. He lost and regained this title, then challenged Carlos Monzón for the world crown in Rome, but was stopped in five rounds. Moyer continued to fight for another three years before retiring in 1975.
After boxing
After his boxing career, Moyer worked in real estate and owned a construction company. The website, Eastside Boxing reported in February 2004, that Moyer was in a Portland nursing home. Moyer died of complications from dementia pugilistica on June 30, 2010.
Amateur and professional achievements
1956 Runner-up National AAU Welterweight Championships
1957 National AAU Welterweight Champion
1963 Jr. Middleweight Champion of the World
1971 Las Vegas Boxer of the Year
1983 Oregon Sports Hall of Fame
2001 World Boxing Hall of Fame
Professional boxing record
See also
List of world light-middleweight boxing champions
References
External lists
Denny Moyer - CBZ Profile
Boxers from Portland, Oregon
1939 births
2010 deaths
Central Catholic High School (Portland, Oregon) alumni
Deaths from dementia in Oregon
American male boxers
Winners of the United States Championship for amateur boxers
World Boxing Association champions
World Boxing Council champions
Light-middleweight boxers
World light-middleweight boxing champions
Sportspeople with chronic traumatic encephalopathy
The Last Father is a TV series.
Cast and characters
Guj Manukyan portrays Davit
Vardan Hovsepyan portrays Grandfather
Arman Martirosyan portrays Ruben
Diana Grigoryan portrays
Episodes
References
External links
The Last Father on ATV
The Last Father at the Internet Movie Database
Armenian drama television series
Armenian-language television shows
ATV television shows
2015 Armenian television series debuts
2010s Armenian television series
2016 Armenian television series endings
Pullalacheruvu is a village in Prakasam district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It is the mandal headquarters of Pullalacheruvumandal in Markapur revenue division.
References
Villages in Prakasam district
Mandal headquarters in Prakasam district
The Baltimore Hockey League (BHL), was an early and short-lived amateur ice hockey league founded in 1896 and existing for two seasons in Baltimore, Maryland, United States in 1896–97 and 1897–98. The league included teams from Johns Hopkins University, Maryland Athletic Club, Northampton Hockey Club, University of Maryland and Walbrook Athletic Club and operated at the North Avenue Ice Palace at North Avenue in Baltimore. The teams played for the Northampton Hockey Trophy, presented by J. L. Filon.
The University of Maryland team won the championship title both in 1897 and in 1898. The 1897–98 season ended on March 10, 1898 with a 0-0 tie between the Johns Hopkins University and the University of Maryland. The University of Maryland team was led on ice by brothers Milton Morris "Mickey" Whitehurst (rover, b. 1873) and Jesse Herbert "Pat" Whitehurst (goaltender and forward, b. 1874).
Other players in the league included psychiatrist Harry Cotton and Canadian-American astronomer Samuel Alfred Mitchell.
Teams
Teams that played in the BHL include:
Johns Hopkins University (1896–1898)
Maryland Athletic Club (1896–1898)
Northampton Hockey Club (1896–1898)
University of Maryland (1896–1898)
Walbrook Athletic Club (1897–98)
References
Defunct ice hockey leagues in the United States
Pre–National Hockey League
Ice hockey in Maryland
Sport leagues established in 1896
1896 establishments in Maryland
Pasiphila debiliata, the bilberry pug, is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found from Europe, east to southern Siberia, the Amur region and Japan.
The wingspan is . The ground colour is a very delicate, evanescent pale green, the crosslines are much weaker, the strongest on the veins. — ab. nigropunctata Chant, has only the principal lines, these being marked as strong vein-dots. — grisescens Dietze is silvery grey without a tinge of green. Discal spot present.
The larva is light green with scattered, fine, pale bristles.
Adults are on wing from June to July.
The larvae feed on Vaccinium myrtillus.
References
External links
Fauna Europaea
Lepiforum e.V.
UKMoths
Moths described in 1817
debiliata
Moths of Japan
Moths of Europe
Taxa named by Jacob Hübner
The Romanian word lăutar (; plural: lăutari) denotes a class of musicians.
The term was adopted by members of a professional clan of Romani musicians in the late XVIII century. The term is derived from lăută, the Romanian word for lute. Lăutari usually perform in bands, called taraf.
Terminology
Lăutar, according to the DEX ("Dicționarul Explicativ al Limbii Române" — "The Explanatory Dictionary of the Romanian Language"), is formed from lăută (meaning "lute") and the agent suffix -ar, common for occupational names. Originally, the word was used only for the peasant romanian musicians who played the lăută. A distinction should be made between the generic Romanian-language word lăutar and the Romani clan. The others were named after their instruments, too, e.g.: scripcar (scripcă player), cobzar (cobza player), and naingiu (nai/panflute player). From the 17th century, the word lăutar was used regardless of the instrument that was played.
History
The lăutari clan probably stems from other historical Romani clans present in Romania, such as the ursari, lovari and kalderash. Names of Romani clans in Romania are usually Romanian occupational names: Căldărar (bucket-maker, căldare=bucket; -aș replaces -ar regionally), Lingurar (spoon-makers, lingură=spoon), Florar (flower sellers, floare=flower) etc.
The first mention of lăutari is from 1558 when Mircea Ciobanul (appointed ruler by the Ottomans in January 1545), the Voivode of Wallachia, gives Ruste lăutarul (Ruste the lăutar) as a gift to the Vornic Dingă from Moldavia. In 1775 the first lăutărească guild (breaslă), was established in Wallachia.
The lăutari were both slave Roma and serfdom Romanians, but the Roma were the majority. Through time there have also been Jewish and Turkish lăutari.
Before the 19th century, Romani musicians were often employed to provide entertainment in the courts of the Princes and Boyars. In the 19th century, most of these musicians settled in rural areas where they sought new employment at weddings, funerals, and other traditional Romanian celebrations. They were called țigani vătrași and have the Romanian language as their mother language, or sometimes the Hungarian language. Only a few of them, with ancestors from the kalderash or from the ursari groups, still spoke the Romani language.
The lăutari existed mainly in the Moldova, Muntenia, Oltenia and Dobruja regions of present-day Romania. In Transylvania, traditional professional musicians didn't exist until the 19th century. For this reason the peasant music of Transylvania remained more "pure". A similar situation was in Banat. Today the Romani lăutari are also predominant in Transylvania.
As performers, lăutari are usually loosely organized into a group known as a Taraf, which often consists largely of the males of an extended family. (There are female lăutari, mostly vocalists, but they are far outnumbered by the men.) Each taraf is led by a primaș, a primary soloist.
Traditionally, the lăutari played by ear, but today more and more lăutari have musical studies and can read notes.
The lăutari consider themselves to be the elite of the Roma. For this reason the lăutari want their children to marry only other lăutari.
Lăutărească music
The music of the lăutari is called muzica lăutărească. There is not a single music style of the lăutari, the music style varies from region to region, the best known being that from southern Romania. The lăutărească music is complex and elaborated, with dense harmonies and refined ornamentations, and its execution requires a good technique
The lăutari drew inspiration from all the musics they had contact with: the pastoral music of Romania, the Byzantine music played in the church, as well as foreign music, such as Turkish, Russian or Western European.
Improvisation is an important part of the lăutărească music. Each time a lăutar plays a melody he re-interprets it. For this reason the lăutărească music has been compared to Jazz music. A lăutar from the Damian Draghici band, who also played Jazz, said that the lăutărească music is a kind of Jazz.
The music of the lăutari establishes the structure of the elaborate Romanian peasant weddings, as well as providing entertainment (not only music, but magic tricks, stories, bear training, etc.) during the less eventful parts of the ritual. The lăutari also function as guides through the wedding rituals and moderate any conflicts that may arise during what can be a long, alcohol-fuelled party. Over a period of nearly 48 hours, this can be very physically strenuous.
The repertoire of the lăutari include hora, sârba, brâul (a high tempo hora), doiul, tunes with Turkish derived rhythms (geamparaua, breaza, rustemul, maneaua lăutărească, cadâneasca), doina, de ascultare (roughly "song for listening", it can be considered a more complex form of doina), cântecul bătranesc, călușul, ardeleana, corăgheasca, ardeleana, batuta
In southern Romania, the lăutărească music has a rural stratum and an urban one.
Following custom almost certainly dating back at least to the Middle Ages, most lăutari rapidly spend the fees from these wedding ceremonies on extended banquets for their friends and families over the days immediately following the wedding.
Instruments often played by lăutari
pan flute (called "muscal" then "nai" in Romanian) – It probably arrived with the Turks (both "muscal" and "nai" are words of Turkish origin). One of the primary instruments of old lăutari, it is seldom used today.
violin – Always popular among lăutari.
contra violin - Wider and deeper than a violin.
double bass – Though often present in the taraf, the bass didn't receive much attention from the lăutari, because it didn't allow for "mărunt" (virtuosic) playing.
cobza/lăuta – An instrument similar with the lute, but probably not directly related. It is either a direct descendant of the oud, brought by Romani musicians, or it is derived from the Ukrainian kobza. Like the kobza, it has a short neck and is used primary for rhythmic accompaniment, but, like the oud, it has no frets. Today it is virtually extinct.
cimbalom (called "țambal" in Romanian) – It replaced the cobza/lăuta, having more capabilities.
accordion – Very popular in the modern lăutarească music.
clarinet – Used especially in southern urban lăutarească music.
tárogató ("taragot" in Romanian) – Used especially in Banat, though today the saxophone has largely replaced the tárogató.
brass instruments – An Austrian influence, used especially in Moldavia.
The lăutari rarely used the blown instruments used in the peasant music, because of their limited capabilities, but there were some lăutari who used the flute ("fluier") or the bagpipe ("cimpoi")
Today, the lăutari also used a lot of electric, electronic, and electroacoustic instruments: various keyboards (electronic accordions included), electric and electroacoustic guitars and basses, etc.
Influence on George Enescu
The lăutari and their music had a great influence on the Romanian composer George Enescu. His love for music started when, as a child, he heard a taraf of lăutari while on a trip to Bălțătești with his mother. This has been hard to accept by some Romanian musicologists who tried to induce the idea that it must have been some peasant musicians that Enescu heard on that trip. Enescu received his first musical lessons from a lăutar called Nicolae (Lae) Chioru ("Blind Nick"), whose real name was Nicolae Filip. Through his life, he befriended many lăutari from whom he learned their music. Unlike Béla Bartók, who avoided the Romani lăutari, searching only the peasant music, Enescu was not interested in this kind of nationalistic authenticity. He got his inspiration from both the peasant and the lăutarească music (both rural and urban). His first compositions, the Poème roumaine and the Romanian Rhapsodies Nos. 1 and 2, were written by directly citing passages of urban folklore music, which also gave them a strong Turkish/Middle Eastern flavor. So pregnant was this aspect in his music that a German critic wrongly thought that Enescu was Romani himself upon hearing the Romanian Rhapsody.
List of well-known musicians/bands that play lăutari music
Bands / tarafs
Most tarafs do not have a specific name but are built around a person (the primaș) or a family. Most bands that have a name are commercially created. Some examples are:
Damian and brothers – A band created by pan-flutist Damian Drăghici
Fanfare Ciocărlia
Mahala Rai Banda
Taraf de Haïdouks
Musicians
– violinist and singer
(Vasile Barbu) – legendary cobza player from the 18–19th century
Marcel Budală – accordionist
Cornelia Catangă – accordionist and singer
– violinist
– pan flute player, grandfather of Grigoraş Dinicu and the author of the Skylark (Ciocârlia)
Grigoraș Dinicu – Though he played other styles of music
Damian Drăghici – pan flute player
– violinist
– violinist and singer
Toni Iordache – cimbalom player
Fărâmiță Lambru – accordionist
– pan flute player and Fănică Luca's nephew
Fănică Luca – pan flute player and singer
Gabi Luncă – singer
Ionică Minune
Romica Puceanu – singer
– accordionist
Dona Dumitru Siminică – singer
Petrea Crețu Șolcanu – violinist, grandfather of jazzman Johnny Răducanu
Ion Petre Stoican – violinist
– accordionist and singer
George Udilă – Son of Ilie Udilă
– accordionist
Miscellaneous
There is a full-feature movie called Lăutarii (1972, Moldova-film) by Moldavian Soviet director Emil Loteanu. The movie features the leader of the Moldovan State taraf "Flueraș" Sergiu Lunchevici (Sergei Lunkevich).
See also
Music of Romania
Romani music
Klezmorim (Jewish lăutari-like musicians)
References
External links
An ongoing English blog about a quest for traditional Romani and Romanian music
A British review of The Alan Lomax Collection; World Library of Folk and Primitive Music. Vol XVII, dedicated to Romanian Romani music
Alexandra Diaconu, Pe urmele lautarilor: Etnomuzicologul Speranta Radulescu, un cercetator printre tarafuri ("Searching for the lăutari: Ethnomusicologist Speranta Radulescu, a seeker of tarafs") in Evenimentul Zilei 3 July 2005, a Romanian-language article about Speranța Rădulescu
Garth Cartwright, Nicolae Neacsu: Romanian Gypsy violinist who conquered the west — An obituary of famous lăutar Nicolae Neacșu, The Guardian, 16 September 2002
Lăutarii Cum Mai Cântă! — music of Lautari (on commercial site Lost Trails)
A blog about old and new lăutari — opinions and reviews
Lautari Music Archive — old and new lautari, with videos, lyrics and audio recordings.
Video clips of old and new Romanian Lautari musicians.
Romani in Romania
Romani people
Lake Beale is a lake located in Nashik District, in Maharashtra, India. The estimate terrain elevation above sea level is 547 metres. It is a storage reservoir created in 1911 by the Darna Dam on the Darna River.
References
Lakes of Maharashtra
The 2018 Four Continents Figure Skating Championships were held in Taipei City, Taiwan on January 22–28, 2018. Medals were awarded in men's singles, ladies' singles, pair skating, and ice dance.
Qualification
This competition is open to skaters from all non-European member nations of the International Skating Union. Skaters must have reached the age of 15 before July 1, 2017 to participate. The corresponding competition for European skaters is the 2018 European Figure Skating Championships.
Each National Federation from the four represented regions are permitted to send up to three skaters/couples for each discipline. National Federations can select their entries based on their own criteria, as long as the selected skater/couples attains a minimum technical elements score (TES) at an international senior event prior to the Four Continents.
Minimum TES
The ISU stipulates that the minimum scores must be achieved at an ISU-recognized senior international competition in the ongoing or preceding season, no later than 21 days before the first official practice day.
Entries
Member nations began announcing their selections in December 2017.
Changes to initial assignments
Results
Men
Ladies
Pairs
Ice dance
Medals summary
Medalists
Medals for overall placement:
Small medals for placement in the short segment:
Small medals for placement in the free segment:
Medals by country
Table of medals for overall placement:
Table of small medals for placement in the short segment:
Table of small medals for placement in the free segment:
References
Citations
2018
2018 in figure skating
2018 in Taiwanese sport
2018
January 2018 sports events in Asia
Niwari may refer to:
Niwari, Madhya Pradesh
Niwari, Uttar Pradesh
Niwari district, Madhya Pradesh
Niwari (Vidhan Sabha constituency), Madhya Pradesh
"Someone Who Can Dance" is a song by Swedish electropop duo Icona Pop. It was written by Elliphant, Jarrad Rogers and Icona Pop, while being produced by Rogers. It was released on 25 February 2016, through TEN Music Groups, Atlantic Records and Warner Music Group.
Live performances
On 24 February 2016, Icona Pop performed "Someone Who Can Dance" at the Grammis Gala along with Zara Larsson and Elliphant.
Track listing
Credits and personnel
Credits adapted from Genius.
Icona Pop – composing, vocals
Jarrad Rogers - composing, producing, mixing
Elliphant - composing
Charts
References
2016 singles
2016 songs
Icona Pop songs
Songs written by Aino Jawo
Atlantic Records singles
Songs written by Caroline Hjelt
Hrašče (; , ) is a village west of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name
Hrašče was attested in written sources in 1498 as Krasschach, with a locative ending. The name Hrašče, like similar names (e.g., Hraše, Hrastje, Hrastovica, Hrastnik), is derived from the plural demonym *Hrasťane, in turn derived from the word hrast 'oak', and originally referred to the local vegetation.
Church
The local church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint Anne and belongs to the Parish of Hrenovice.
References
External links
Hrašče on Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Postojna
Kamuthakudi is a village in Paramakudi taluk, Ramanathapuram district, Tamil Nadu in southern India belonging to Paramakudi Taluk. Kamuthakudi also belongs to Paramakudi Assembly constituency which is a part of Ramanathapuram (Lok Sabha constituency).
References
External links
Wikimapia
Cities and towns in Ramanathapuram district
Isabel de Olvera was a free woman of mixed racial heritage in the 16th and 17th centuries. She lived in Querétaro, Mexico, and travelled on the Juan Guerra de Resa expedition to Santa Fe, sent to strengthen the Spanish claim to the colonised province of Santa Fe de Nuevo México. Olvera, the servant of a Spanish woman, filed a remarkable sworn deposition with the alcalde mayor of Querétaro before leaving on the expedition.
Deposition
Isabel de Olvera dictated her deposition before three witnesses: Mateo Laines, a free black man living in Querétaro; Anna Verdugo; a mestiza woman who lived near the city, and Santa Maria, a black slave woman of the alcalde mayor. The deposition ran as follows:
References
16th-century births
17th-century deaths
People from Querétaro
Mexican people of African descent
16th-century Mexican women
17th-century Mexican women
1600s in New Mexico
The Hedden Site, designated Site 4.10 by the Maine Archaeological Survey, is a prehistoric archaeological site in Kennebunk, Maine. The site has been radiocarbon dated to c. 8550 BCE, and is a rare example in the state of a completely undisturbed (unplowed), stratified site. The site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
Description
The Hedden Site, named for its discoverer, Maine archaeologist Mark Hedden, is in an area composed of dune-like wind-blown sands that have been stabilized by grasses and blueberry bushes that have taken hold. There is no evidence that colonial or modern agriculture has taken place, although it was probably pine forest that was cleared at some time. These dune formations are consistent with others in Maine that were apparently deposited about 11,000 years ago (c. 8000 BCE), most of which have been disturbed in some way. There is some evidence that fire had swept the area, although it was unclear if the fire was caused by humans. The site was discovered during a test survey in 1990, whose test pits had largely had negative results, when Hedden spotted a stone flake on the surface. Most of the materials recovered were found in test pits dug around this find site.
Finds at the site include stone fragments from a variety of regional sources, ranging from sources in the Hudson River valley to Munsungan quarries of northern Maine. One well-shaped stone tool, a chert "endscraper", was found, as was a second, fragmentary piece, still razor sharp, that had apparently been used once and then discarded.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in York County, Maine
References
Archaeological sites on the National Register of Historic Places in Maine
Kennebunk, Maine
National Register of Historic Places in York County, Maine
The European Parliament election of 2004 took place on 12–13 June 2004.
The Olive Tree was the most voted list in Trentino, while the South Tyrolean People's Party (SVP) came first as usual in South Tyrol. However the SVP lost many votes to the Greens, which had their best result ever, and to the Union for South Tyrol (UfS).
Results
Trentino
Source: Ministry of the Interior
South Tyrol
Source: Ministry of the Interior
2004 elections in Italy
Elections in Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol
European Parliament elections in Italy
2004 European Parliament election
Taite Te Tomo (1871 or 1872 – 22 May 1939) was a Māori and Reform Party Member of Parliament in New Zealand.
Te Tomo was probably born in 1871 or 1872 near Ōtaki.
He won the Western Maori electorate in a 1930 by-election after the death of Māui Pōmare, but lost it in 1935 to the Ratana candidate Toko Ratana.
In 1935, he was awarded the King George V Silver Jubilee Medal.
He was a member of the Ngāti Tūwharetoa tribe, and of the Board of Ethnological Research. He died at Kākāriki Pā on 22 May 1939.
References
1870s births
1939 deaths
Reform Party (New Zealand) MPs
New Zealand MPs for Māori electorates
Members of the New Zealand House of Representatives
Unsuccessful candidates in the 1935 New Zealand general election
People from the Kapiti Coast District
Høilandet is a Dano-Norwegian word meaning the highlands. It is the old name of:
Høylandet municipality in Nord-Trøndelag, Norway
Hølonda municipality in Sør-Trøndelag, Norway (now a part of Melhus)
See also
Høyland
Vaiden High School was a public middle and high school in Vaiden, Mississippi. It was a part of the Carroll County School District
It occupies a property, and is in a three story classroom building.
History
Prior to 1941, grades 1-12 occupied three buildings made of wood. Its current building, then for grades 1–12, opened in 1941 in the same plot which once held the wooden buildings, making it the first 1-12 consolidated school in southern Carroll County.
Theresa Vigour of The Conservative stated that Vaiden "is one of the smallest [schools] in the state." Circa 1996 officials from the Mississippi Department of Education had discussed requiring small schools to consolidate, something that, along with the expense of renovating schools to add technology, prompted Carroll County school district officials to seek consolidation. In 1999 Vaiden High consolidated into J. Z. George High School in North Carrollton. The district used teacher evaluations to determine which teachers got jobs at the consolidated Vaiden High, with seniority used as a tiebreaker. Teachers who were not placed at the new J. Z. George worked at other schools or retired.
The Vaiden city government paid $2 in June 2002 to buy much of the Vaiden High property, including a double wide trailer that was once used as a cafeteria, the agricultural classes building, and the home economics building. The school district retained the gymnasium as students at J. Z. George use it for athletic activities. In 2003 the Mayor of Vaiden, George Turbeville, stated that he wanted to institute supplementary educational programs.
In 2003 Mississippi state authorities declared it a historic landmark.
At one time Billy Joe Ferguson, who later became superintendent of Carroll County schools, was principal at Vaiden High. Shirley Frizell was the final principal of the school.
Curriculum
The overall curriculum in Carroll County High Schools was applied to both Vaiden and George highs. In 1999 the school offered one foreign language, Spanish.
Athletics
In 1972 the school terminated its American football team. The school gained prowess in basketball, and it went to the Mississippi state tournament in 1999. Ferris Jenkins, athletic coach of the district, stated in 1999 that "Vaiden's always had good basketball" and that "Vaiden's always had good athletes."
See also
Carroll Academy – Private school in Carrollton, Mississippi
References
External links
1999 disestablishments in Mississippi
Educational institutions disestablished in 1999
Defunct schools in Mississippi
Public middle schools in Mississippi
Public high schools in Mississippi
Education in Carroll County, Mississippi
The 1967–68 BBC2 Floodlit Trophy was the third occasion on which the BBC2 Floodlit Trophy competition had been held.
Castleford won the trophy by beating Leigh by the score of 8-5
The match was played at Headingley, Leeds, now in West Yorkshire. The attendance was 9,716 and receipts were £2,099
This was the third of Castleford's three victories in successive seasons in the first three Floodlit competitions
Background
This season the original eight invitees plus the three "newcomers" from last season (Barrow, Rochdale Hornets and Salford) are joined by a further seven clubs.
These are Halifax, Huddersfield, Hull FC, Hull Kingston Rovers, Keighley, Wakefield Trinity and Wigan and bring the total of entrants up to eighteen.
This involved the introduction of a preliminary knock-out round on a knock-out basis, to reduce the numbers to sixteen, followed by a straightforward knock out competition.
Competition and results
Preliminary round
Involved 2 matches and 4 Clubs
Round 1 – first round
Involved 8 matches and 16 Clubs
Round 1 – replays
Involved 2 matches and 4 clubs
Round 2 – quarter finals
Involved 4 matches with 8 clubs
Round 2 – quarter finals – replays
Involved 1 match and 2 Clubs
Round 3 – semi-finals
Involved 2 matches and 4 Clubs
Final
Teams and scorers
Scoring - Try = three (3) points - Goal = two (2) points - Drop goal = two (2) points
The road to success
This tree excludes any preliminary round fixtures
Notes and comments
1 * Hull F.C. join the competition and play first game in the competition
2 * Hull Kingston Rovers join the competition and play first game in the competition, and first at home in the competition
3 * Halifax join the competition and play first game in the competition, and first at home in the competition
4 * Huddersfield join the competition and play first game in the competition
5 * Wigan join the competition and play first game in the competition, and first at home in the competition
6 * Keighley join the competition and play first game in the competition
7 * Warrington, one of the ten original competitors in 1965-66, win their first game in the competition
8 * Wakefield Trinity join the competition and play first game in the competition, and first at home in the competition
9 * Leeds, one of the ten original competitors in 1965-66, win their first game in the competition
10 * Postponed due to fog
11 * match on TV
12 * The first of only two occasions on which the BBC2 Floodlit Trophy was played on a neutral ground
13 * Headingley, Leeds, is the home ground of Leeds RLFC with a capacity of 21,000. The record attendance was 40,175 for a league match between Leeds and Bradford Northern on 21 May 1947.
General information for those unfamiliar
The Rugby League BBC2 Floodlit Trophy was a knock-out competition sponsored by the BBC and between rugby league clubs, entrance to which was conditional upon the club having floodlights. Most matches were played on an evening, and those of which the second half was televised, were played on a Tuesday evening.
Despite the competition being named as 'Floodlit', many matches took place during the afternoons and not under floodlights, and several of the entrants, including Barrow and Bramley did not have adequate lighting. And, when in 1973, due to the world oil crisis, the government restricted the use of floodlights in sport, all the matches, including the Trophy final, had to be played in the afternoon rather than at night.
The Rugby League season always (until the onset of "Summer Rugby" in 1996) ran from around August-time through to around May-time and this competition always took place early in the season, in the Autumn, with the final taking place in December (The only exception to this was when disruption of the fixture list was caused by inclement weather)
See also
1967–68 Northern Rugby Football League season
1967 Lancashire Cup
1967 Yorkshire Cup
BBC2 Floodlit Trophy
Rugby league county cups
References
External links
Saints Heritage Society
1896–97 Northern Rugby Football Union season at wigan.rlfans.com
Hull&Proud Fixtures & Results 1896/1897
Widnes Vikings - One team, one passion Season In Review - 1896-97
The Northern Union at warringtonwolves.org
Huddersfield R L Heritage
BBC2 Floodlit Trophy
BBC2 Floodlit Trophy
Ralph Emerson Carpenter Jr. (October 6, 1909 – February 2, 2009) was a conservationist, Colonial furniture expert and author. A descendant of the noted Carpenter founding family of colonial Rhode Island, for more than a half century, he was actively involved in the restoration of some of Newport, Rhode Island's defining structures.
Biography
Carpenter was born on October 6, 1909, in Woonsocket, Rhode Island and was a descendant of William Carpenter who founded Providence, Rhode Island in 1636 along with Roger Williams. He spent his summers in his youth at the family's home in Matunuck, across Narragansett Bay from Newport. He attended Cornell University, graduating in 1931 with a degree in mechanical engineering. He graduated from Cornell University in 1931 with a degree in mechanical engineering, but became an insurance and investment banking executive in New York City, retiring as senior vice president of a securities firm in 1978.
Business career
After an offer of employment from Alcoa was retracted during the Great Depression, he took employment selling life insurance in Toledo, Ohio before moving to New York City. There he would go from building to building trying to sell insurance, but there was little interest.
Carpenter became a pension plan consultant, obtaining Bristol-Myers as a customer and later becoming partner at Reynolds and Company, an investment bank.
Antiques
Carpenter developed an interest in antiques that began as a way to acquire inexpensive furniture to fill his Scarsdale, New York apartment. He would visit dealers in Manhattan, purchasing items crafted by George Hepplewhite and Thomas Sheraton.
His 1954 book, The Arts and Crafts of Newport, Rhode Island, 1640-1820, helped bring attention to American Colonial-era cabinetmakers to public attention.
He continued his search for antiques, first keeping them in a warehouse and then constructing a custom-built house in Scarsdale in the 1950s to accommodate the collection. He sold the house and moved to Newport in the 1970s.
Historic renovations
In the 1940s, while antiques-hunting in New England, he revisited the city and was dismayed by the rundown appearance of many of its buildings. After the Hunter House was purchased in 1945 to forestall its destruction, Carpenter was appointed to oversee the restoration of the building by the nascent Preservation Society of Newport County. As part of the restoration effort, Carpenter acquired furniture from Goddard and Townsend, two of the great cabinetmaking families of the area. Morrison Heckscher called the house "a brilliant restoration that gets better with age, and that book of his, written with great intelligence, simplicity and clarity, is one I still turn to 50 years later."
He was asked to reconstruct the Wayside Inn in Sudbury, Massachusetts following a destructive fire in 1955. He also renovated other Newport structures, including the 1673 White Horse Tavern, the 1726 Trinity Church, the Redwood Library and Athenaeum built from 1748-1750 and the 1762 Brick Market, later home to the Museum of Newport History.
Post-retirement
In retirement, he used his expertise in and encyclopedic knowledge of the decorative arts and antiques to become a senior American decorative arts consultant, a position he held for 30 years.
He was hired by Christie's in 1978, serving as a consultant on decorative arts and antiques. He played a pivotal role in the acquisition of the Nicholas Brown desk-case, which sold for a $12.1 million in 1989 to Harold Sack, a record for a piece of American furniture that stood at the time of Carpenter's death.
Carpenter established the Newport Symposium in 1992, so that art experts could gather on an annual basis to discuss issues of interest. In 1999, his accomplishments were honored with the Henry Francis du Pont Award for the Decorative Arts from the Winterthur Museum, Garden and Library.
To the end of his life, he was an active collector, historian and preservationist, purchasing items that would be appropriate for the many Newport buildings he restored.
Books
Two of his books, The Arts and Crafts of Newport, Rhode Island, 1640-1820, published in 1954, and The Fifty Best Historic American Houses, Colonial and Federal, published in 1955, are credited with bringing American colonial design international recognition.
Death
Carpenter died at age 99 on February 2, 2009 in Newport. He was survived by his second wife, the former Roberta Lowy; a daughter; a grandchild; and three great-grandchildren. His 1932 marriage to Cynthia Ramsey ended in divorce.
References
1909 births
2009 deaths
Cornell University College of Engineering alumni
American mechanical engineers
People from Providence County, Rhode Island
People from Scarsdale, New York
Engineers from New York (state)
20th-century American engineers
Marla Miller is an American public historian.
Career
Miller's scholarship focuses on the work of women in the United States prior to industrialization, with a focus on material culture and craft. She holds a PhD from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. Miller is well known for her work on Betsy Ross which challenges popular narratives about Ross' involvement with the creation of the United States flag.
Miller currently serves as the Director of the Public History Program at the University of Massachusetts Amherst. Miller was elected vice president/president elect of the National Council on Public History Board of Directors in 2016. She is currently serving as NCPH president. She is a apeak in the Organization of American Historians Distinguished Lectureship Program.
In addition to her academic work Miller has worked as both an editor and a public history consultant. She has sat on the editorial board of The Public Historian, Journal of the Early Republic, and the New England Quarterly. Miller's co-authored 2012 report Imperiled Promise: The State of History in the National Park Service which won the National Council on Public History prize for Excellence in Consulting in 2013.
Publications
The Needle's Eye: Women and Work in the Age of Revolution, University of Massachusetts Press, August 2006.
Editor. Cultivating a Past: Essays in the History of Hadley, Massachusetts, University of Massachusetts Press, 2009.
Betsy Ross and the Making of America, Holt, 2010.
University of Massachusetts Amherst: A Campus Guide. Princeton: Princeton Architectural Press, 2013; with Max Page.
Rebecca Dickinson (Lives of American Women series). Boulder, CO: Westview Press/Perseus, 2013.
Co-Editor with Max Page, Bending the Future: Fifty Ideas for the Next Fifty Years of Historic Preservation in the United States, University of Massachusetts Press, 2016.
Entangled Lives: Labor, Livelihood, and Landscapes of Change in Rural Massachusetts, Johns Hopkins University Press, 2019.
Awards
Costume Society of America's Millia Davenport Publication Award for the best book in the field, 2007. For The Needle's Eye
H.F. DuPont Winterthur Museum and Library research fellowship, 2008
Patrick Henry Fellowship, C.V. Starr Center for the American Experience, 2009-10
Finalist, Cundill Prize in History at McGill University, 2010. For Betsy Ross and the Making of America.
Strickland Distinguished Visiting Scholar, Middle Tennessee State University, 2012
Samuel F. Conti Faculty Fellowship, UMass Amherst, 2014-2015
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
21st-century American historians
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill alumni
University of Massachusetts Amherst faculty
The South Carolina State Guard (SCSG) is the designated state defense force for the state of South Carolina.
The State Guard maintains its headquarters in Columbia. Battalions are located in the cities of Columbia (1st Midlands Battalion), Charleston (3rd Coastal Battalion), and Fountain Inn (2nd Highland Battalion). The Professional Services Command, including the Judge Advocate General section, Medical Detachment, Provost Marshal Command, Engineering Detachment, Search and Rescue Command (SARCOM), and Chaplains Corp are located at the State Guard HQ in Columbia along with the Chief of Staff Command consisting of the Cybersecurity, Communications & Electronic Section, Business Development Section, and Public Affairs.
Status
Organized under Section 25-3-10 of the South Carolina Code of Laws, the State Guard is designated as a protective reserve military force under the command of the South Carolina Military Department and the South Carolina Adjutant General. The SC National Guard Adjutant General is responsible for organizing and maintaining the State Guard to fulfill its missions(Sec. 25-3-10) as stipulated in various sections under Title 25, Chapter 3.
Tasked as a state defense force, the State Guard's primary overarching mission is to be prepared to protect and, when called into service by the Governor, protect the citizens and property of the state and uphold the laws of the state. Units are occasionally sent out of state by order of the Governor, as in the aftermath of the September 11 attacks, after Hurricane Katrina and during the Mexican-American War in the mid-1800s. The State Guard is essentially the modern-day continuation of the South Carolina Militia, which has been in existence in some form since before the United States of America became a sovereign nation. The State Guard is composed of non-conscript volunteers, many of whom are veterans of the federal armed services; the federal military reserves, South Carolina Army National Guard, or South Carolina Air National Guard.
When called into service, members of the State Guard are paid according to federal military pay scales (Section 25-3-140: "When units of the State Guard are called into service they shall receive pay equal to the National Guard"). Members are normally not paid for drill or training time but employers are required by law to grant time off for authorized training and call out without discrimination or penalty. Some Federal and State agencies and private employers provide pay continuance to employees during training during work hours under orders. Guard members also receive certain tax and mileage deductions and, when authorized, reimbursement for travel or special training.
The Governor of South Carolina has the authority to call into service, the State Guard or any units, at any time the governor deems necessary to protect the lives and property of the citizens of the state, or if there is imminent danger or to protect the laws of the state (Section 25-3-20 & Section 25-3-130). The Governor can also activate units of the State Guard when a significant number of the South Carolina National Guard are out of state for federal service or when augmentation is needed.
To fulfill its state mandated mission, the State Guard maintains a provost marshal detachment (PMD), composed of trained and certified law enforcement officers. These State Guardsmen receive continuous and rigorous training for law enforcement augmentation and other missions as directed. When activated, the PMD may augment state and local law enforcement agencies by contributing armed or unarmed State Guardsmen to assist law enforcement in many different capacities.
History
Origins
The South Carolina State Guard history traces its history back to the Charleston Militia in 1670. Former Commanders and Brigade Commanders include Francis Marion, Andrew Pickens, Thomas Sumter and William Washington who recaptured the South from British occupation in concert with Continental forces under Major General Nathanael Greene. The frigate South Carolina commanded by the naval component of the State Guard was responsible for capturing tons of gunpowder from the British to supply the state and Continental Armies in the early stages of the war.
State Guard troops were instrumental in defeating the Spanish and securing Florida in the early 1800s and they served with distinction in the War with Mexico, the Civil War, and the Spanish–American War.
20th century
The outbreak of World War II in Europe pushed the U.S. government and military to prepare for possible conflict. If the U.S. entered the war, the National Guard would be ordered to active duty overseas, leaving no military force at home to maintain order.
Because of this, the National Defense Act of 1916 was amended on October 21, 1940, to allow the establishment of state defense forces. The South Carolina Legislature's enabling act to establish a state defense force was an Act Establishing the South Carolina Defense Force, signed into law by Governor Burnet R. Maybank on March 21, 1941.
The South Carolina Defense Force (SCDF) was organized into a headquarters, four regiments of three battalions each, and at least one independent battalion. Initially those wishing to enlist or be commissioned had to be between the ages of 21 and 55, in good health, and of good character. The minimum age quickly fell to 17 and there are indications that a few men served at an even younger age. The uniform was to be Confederate gray. This was changed to standard G.I. Olive Drab by 1943. The initial armament was the M1917 Enfield rifle, later changed to a mix of rifles, shotguns, Thompson submachine guns, and a few larger weapons.
The men of the SCDF were volunteers, serving without pay unless called into active service by the governor. The authorized strength was 518 officers and 6,035 enlisted men. According to the Adjutant General's report of 2 July 1941 there were 191 officers and 3,060 enlisted men enrolled as of June 30, 1941. (Among the officers was Strom Thurmond, then a second lieutenant in Company L (Edgefield), 3d Battalion, 1st Regiment). By the spring of 1942, the number enrolled had risen to over 6,000.
The mission of the SCDF — renamed the South Carolina State Guard (SCSG) in January 1944 — was to defend against invasion along the South Carolina coast and assist local officials in providing internal security, including search and rescue. While invasion by sea was unlikely, there was a fear that the Germans might land forces by submarine. The SCDF was tasked with holding off enemy forces until troops could be brought in from Fort Jackson.
Most of the time the men drilled and conducted defensive exercises to prepare them in the event an invasion did occur. Occasionally they were called out to provide security for crashed aircraft or after natural disaster. The last official activation of the SCSG was to provide security in Greenville after the Ideal Laundry fire in November 1946. The last known wartime unit, Company E (Greenville), 2d Battalion, 2d Regiment, was mustered out on 8 August 1947.
Modern era
On 27 February 2018, the Governor of South Carolina, Henry McMaster, signed an executive order declaring a state of emergency in the state's prisons due to the high amount of contraband, such as cell phones, being smuggled into the state's prisons. The executive order directed the SCSG to assist the South Carolina Department of Corrections in securing the prisons by staffing and patrolling the exterior of the state's correctional facilities.
In September 2018, 285 State Guardsmen were activated to serve alongside the National Guard during Hurricane Florence.
November 2019, the State Guard chartered the “Swamp Fox” Explorer Post 1670 through the national division of Exploring (Learning for Life) for youth 14 to 20 years of age.
In April 2020, members of the South Carolina State Guard were activated to assist in South Carolina's response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Preparing for a potential shortage of hospital space, SCSG engineers vetted potential alternate care locations throughout the state against criteria from the United States Army Corps of Engineers. In Charleston, the SCSG assisted the Medical University of South Carolina by transforming a wellness facility into a 250-bed field hospital for potential patients.
Insignia and uniform
The State Guard currently wears standard US Army OCPs with modified black and grey nametapes. The left shoulder holds the State Guard patch and brigade/detachment identification tab while the right shoulder holds the SC State Flag and federal service unit patches, if applicable. Prior service soldiers may also wear skill badges earned while in federal service.
SCSG dress uniforms are similar to the U.S. Army Service Uniform (Class A and B) with distinctive unit insignia. Soldiers may wear all ribbons and awards earned while in federal service in addition to any earned while in service of South Carolina.
Legal protection
Employers within the borders of South Carolina must, under South Carolina law, grant a leave of absence to employees who are members of the South Carolina State Guard (or any other state's state defense force) whenever they are activated for training or in response to an emergency mission. Employers are required to reinstate these employees to their employment position when they return from their deployment, without loss of seniority, status, or salary.
Awards and decorations
The South Carolina issues several awards and decorations to its members, including the following:
South Carolina Medal of Valor
SCSG Distinguished Service Medal
SCSG Medal of Merit
SCSG Meritorious Service Medal
SCSG Commendation Medal
SCSG Home Defense Achievement Ribbon
SCSG Individual Achievement Ribbon
SCSG Good Conduct Ribbon
SCSG Longevity Service Medal
SCSG Golden Anniversary Ribbon
SCSG Federal Service School Ribbon
SCSG Humanitarian Service Ribbon
SCSG Service Ribbon
SCSG Emergency Service Training Ribbon
SCSG Volunteer Service Ribbon
SCSG Honors Detail Service Ribbon
SCSG Military Readiness Ribbon
SCSG Recruiting Achievement Ribbon
SCSG Military Proficiency Ribbon
South Carolina Governor's Unit Citation
SCSG Outstanding Unit Citation
SCSG Unit Achievement Award
See also
South Carolina National Guard
South Carolina Naval Militia
South Carolina Wing Civil Air Patrol
References
External links
Official website
State agencies of South Carolina
Military in South Carolina
State defense forces of the United States
Akraba (variants: Aqrab, Aqraba, Agrab or Aqrabiyah) may refer to:
Aqraba, Nablus, a Palestinian town in the Nablus Governorate
Aqrab, a Syrian town in the Hama Governorate
Aqraba, Syria, a Syrian town in the Daraa Governorate
Aqraba, Rif Dimashq Governorate, a Syrian town in the Ghouta region of Rif Dimashq
Aqrabiyah, a Syrian town in the Homs Governorate near Lebanon
Aaqbe, a Lebanese village and municipality in the Beqaa Governorate
Tell Agrab, an ancient settlement in Iraq in Diyala Governorate
Al-Aqrab Prison, a prison in Cairo, Egypt
See also
Aqraba (disambiguation)
All for One () is a 2011 Danish comedy film directed by Rasmus Heide. In 2013 it was followed by All for Two.
Cast
Jon Lange as Martin
Jonatan Spang as Nikolai
Rasmus Bjerg as Timo
Mick Øgendahl as Ralf
Lisa Werlinder as Sofie
Charlotte Fich as Line
Gordon Kennedy as Toke
Signe Anastassia Mannov as Helle (as Signe A. Mannov)
Kurt Ravn as Arno
Mille Dinesen as Niemeyer's Wife
Rutger Hauer as Niemeyer
Søren Malling as Revisor
References
External links
2011 films
2011 comedy films
2010s Danish-language films
Danish comedy films
The 2003 Pan American Games, officially known as the XIV Pan American Games, were a continental multi-sport event held in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic, from August 1 to August 17, 2003. At the Games, 5,500 athletes selected from 42 National Olympic Committees (NOCs) participated in events in 35 sports. Thirty-one nations earned medals during the competition, and sixteen won at least one gold medal.
Medal table
The ranking in this table is based on medal counts published by several media organizations. By default, the table is ordered by the number of gold medals won by the athletes representing a nation. (In this context, a nation is an entity represented by a NOC). The number of silver medals is taken into consideration next and then the number of bronze medals. If nations are still tied, equal ranking is given and they are listed alphabetically by IOC country code.
To sort this table by nation, total medal count, or any other column, click on the icon next to the column title.
References
General
Specific
Medal table
Pan American Games medal tables
Chittagong is a city in south-eastern Bangladesh.
Chittagong may also refer to:
Chittagong Division, an administrative division of Bangladesh
Chittagong District, a district in the south-eastern region of Bangladesh
Chittagong Hill Tracts, an area in south-eastern Bangladesh
Chittagong, a 2012 Indian film based upon actual events about British India's (now in Bangladesh) Chittagong Uprising
Port of Chittagong, the largest seaport in Bangladesh
Chittagong Colony, a Bengali neighborhood in Karachi, Pakistan
Chittagong Court Building, historical court house in Chittagong city.
See also
Chittagonian (disambiguation)
Leaving Eden is the fourth album by the UK band Antimatter. It was released on 13 April 2007. It also marks the first Antimatter album to be written entirely by Mick Moss since the departure of Duncan Patterson two years earlier.
Promo Video
A promo video for the song 'Conspire' was made by Polish artists Krzysztof Baran, Kasper Grubba and Andrzej Szych. The four and a half minute film consisted of over 3,000 hand-painted watercolour images by Krzysztof Baran, a task which took 6 months to complete. The video went on to win a distinction at the Camera Action Festival in Lodz, Poland, in 2011, and was shown at Supertoon Animation Festival in the Best Music Videos category next to works by Depeche Mode and Coldplay.
Track listing
All songs written by Mick Moss
Credits
Music and lyrics: Mick Moss
Mick Moss (Vocals, Acoustic Guitar, Electric Guitar, Organ, Electric Piano, Synths)
Guest appearances: Danny Cavanagh (Lead Guitar, Piano) Ste Hughes (Bass), Rachel Brewster (Violin), Chris Phillips (Drums)
Artwork: Adrian Owens
References
External links
Official site
2007 albums
Antimatter (band) albums
Werner Scholl (born November 13, 1922, declared Missing in action in June 1944) was the younger brother of Hans and Sophie Scholl, who are best known for their resistance to Nazism as part of the White Rose.
Early life
Werner Scholl was born on November 13, 1922. He was the fifth out of six children (one of whom would die in infancy):
Inge Scholl (1917-1998)
Hans Scholl (1918-1943)
Elisabeth Scholl (1920-2020)
Sophie Scholl (1921-1943)
Werner Scholl
Thilde Scholl (1925-1926)
Like his siblings, Werner joined the Hitler Youth when Hitler came to power. In 1936, Werner, Sophie, and their sister Inge were arrested by the Gestapo. After being held for a few weeks, Werner was released, but the imprisonment left a mark on him.
In the summer of 1939, Werner became the first member of the Scholl family to openly resist the Nazi regime when he resigned from the Hitler Youth, a decision that barred him from being able to take the Abitur. Werner also climbed on top of the statue of Justice at the Courtroom in Ulm to blindfold the Lady of Justice with a swastika flag.
Service during the War
Werner Scholl was drafted into the Reich Labor Service in 1941, immediately after graduating from high school. He was later brought into the Wehrmacht, where he served as a medical officer.
In 1942, Werner was sent out to the Russian front, where, by chance, he was stationed near Hans. The two were able to see each other fairly often.
White Rose Trial
In February 1943, Werner was given leave to go home to Ulm. When he came home, he found out that Sophie and Hans had been captured by the Gestapo. Along with his parents, Werner travelled to Munich for the trial on 22 February, storming into the courtroom just as Roland Freisler was about to give the verdict. After a brief stand-off, the Scholl parents were removed from the room. Because Werner had an army uniform on, he was able to blend in with the crowd and be there when the judge announced the guilty verdict. As those in the courtroom got up to leave, Werner was able to see Hans and Sophie one last time and take their hands. Hans said to him, “Stay strong. Make no concessions!” Later that day, his parents were able to see Hans and Sophie again, but Werner was not. After helping Traute Lafrenz clear out incriminating evidence from Sophie and Hans' living quarters, Werner and his parents then left Munich, distraught but hopeful that they could petition for clemency. They were unaware that Sophie and Hans had already been executed at 5 pm. A few days later, when Fritz Hartnagel came to Munich after learning of Sophie's arrest, it was Werner who broke the news to him that Sophie had already been executed.
Soon after, the entire Scholl family was arrested, with the exception of Werner, who had gone back to the Russian front soon after Hans and Sophie's execution. The family members were arrested because of Sippenhaft, the assumption of shared family guilt. Sippenhaft was a major deterrent for anyone considering resisting the Nazi Regime; if they were captured, not only would they suffer, but their family would too.
Death
In June 1944, the Scholl family received word that Werner was classified as missing in action. His body was never found, so it is assumed that he died on the Soviet front. He would have been 22.
References
1922 births
1944 deaths
German military personnel killed in World War II
Hitler Youth members
German resistance members
Missing in action of World War II
German Army personnel of World War II
This list of Usagi Yojimbo stories features stories from the Usagi Yojimbo comic book..
Fantagraphics series
Mirage series
Dark Horse series
IDW series
Limited Series
One Shots
Short stories
Space Usagi
References
Stories
Usagi Yojimbo Stories
NGC 534 is a lenticular galaxy located in the constellation of Sculptor about 260 million light years from the Milky Way. It was discovered by the British astronomer John Herschel in 1835.
See also
List of NGC objects (1–1000)
References
0534
Lenticular galaxies
Sculptor (constellation)
005215
The 2013–14 Union Dutchmen ice hockey team represented Union College in the 2013–14 NCAA Division I men's ice hockey season. The Dutchmen were coached by Rick Bennett, who was in his third season as head coach. His assistant coaches were Joe Dumais, Jason Tapp, and John Ronan. The team captain was Mat Bodie and the assistant captains were Daniel Carr and Shayne Gostisbehere. The Dutchmen played their home games at Frank L. Messa Rink at Achilles Center and were members of the ECAC Hockey conference.
Season
Union finished the regular season with a record of 32 wins, 6 losses, and 1 tie, winning the ECAC regular season title. Seeded first in the 2014 ECAC Tournament, the Dutchmen received a bye into the quarterfinals, where they defeated Dartmouth in a two-game series. In the final rounds in Lake Placid, Union defeated Cornell in the semifinals and Colgate in the final to win the ECAC championship and an automatic bid to the NCAA Tournament.
In the NCAA Tournament, the Dutchmen were the third overall seed and top seed in the East Regional. Union easily beat Vermont in the first round, 5–2, and defeated Providence the next day, 3–1, to advance to the Frozen Four. In the national semifinal in Philadelphia, the Dutchmen fell behind early to Boston College, before taking the lead in the second period and holding off a late push by the Eagles to win, 5–4. Union faced Minnesota in the national title game. After falling behind 2–1 early in the first period, the Dutchmen scored three goals within 1:54 late in the first period to take the lead. Union won the game, 7–4, to clinch the school's first national championship. Defenseman Shayne Gostisbehere was named the tournament's Most Outstanding Player; goalie Colin Stevens, defenseman Mat Bodie, and forward Daniel Ciampini were also named to the All-Tournament Team.
Roster
|}
Standings
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=12 style=""| Regular Season
|-
|-
!colspan=12 style=""| ECAC Tournament
|-
|-
!colspan=12 style=""| NCAA Tournament
|-
2014 national championship
Minnesota vs. Union
Statistics
Skaters
Goaltenders
References
Union Dutchmen ice hockey seasons
Union
Union
NCAA men's ice hockey Frozen Four seasons
NCAA men's ice hockey championship seasons
Union
Union
The 1994 Islington Council election took place on 5 May 1994 to elect members of Islington London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Labour party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1994
1994 London Borough council elections
The conflicts between the Gökturks and the Sassanid Empire include:
First Perso-Turkic War (588–589)
Second Perso-Turkic War (606–608)
Third Perso-Turkic War (627–629)
Wars involving the Sasanian Empire
The Galerie Michael Werner is a German art gallery. It was started in Cologne, in Nordrhein-Westfalen in western Germany, in 1969 by Michael Werner, who had taken over the Galerie Hake there. Werner showed work by post-War German artists such as Georg Baselitz, Jörg Immendorff, A.R. Penck and Sigmar Polke.
A branch was opened in New York City in 1990, in a house on East 77th Street formerly used by Leo Castelli, and re-designed by Annabelle Selldorf. A London branch opened in 2012 in Upper Brook Street, Mayfair; the first show was of work by Peter Doig. A space was opened in Basel, in Switzerland, in 2015.
In 2017 the gallery collaborated with a Brazilian gallery, Mendes Wood DM, to open Hic Svnt Dracones, a project space on East 66th Street in New York.
In 2017 Michael Werner became a chevalier of the Legion of Honour, in recognition of his contributions to French culture, which included the donation of 130 artworks to the Musée d'Art Moderne de la Ville de Paris.
References
Contemporary art galleries in Germany
1969 establishments in Germany
Art galleries established in 1969
Ljubomir Lovrić (Serbian Cyrillic: Љубомир Ловрић; 28 May 1920 – 26 August 1994) was a Serbian football goalkeeper and later a football manager and journalist.
Career
On the national level he played for Yugoslavia national team (5 matches) and was a participant at the 1948 Olympic Games, where his team won a silver medal. Lovrić later worked as a journalist and football manager, he coached Yugoslavia at the 1962 FIFA World Cup.
References
External links
Serbian national football team website
1920 births
1994 deaths
Serbian footballers
Yugoslav footballers
Yugoslavia international footballers
1960 European Nations' Cup managers
1962 FIFA World Cup managers
Footballers at the 1948 Summer Olympics
Olympic footballers of Yugoslavia
Olympic silver medalists for Yugoslavia
SK Jugoslavija players
Red Star Belgrade footballers
Yugoslav First League players
Yugoslav football managers
Serbian football managers
Sportspeople from Novi Sad
Olympic medalists in football
Medalists at the 1948 Summer Olympics
Association football goalkeepers
Prathi Poovankozhi () is a 2019 Indian Malayalam-language revenge thriller film directed by Rosshan Andrrews and written by Unni R. based on his story Sankadam. It stars Manju Warrier, Rosshan Andrrews and Anusree . Central Pictures released the film in theaterson 20 December 2019. Boney Kapoor purchased the Tamil, Telugu and Kannada remake rights of the movie.
Plot
Madhuri is a saleswoman from one of the leading clothing stores in the city. Madhuri and her mother live on her income and sewing job. One day while going to her workplace, Madhuri gets molested in a bus by a goon. She runs behind him, but he manages to escape. She determines to pay back the thug for the eve teasing. Madhuri goes in search of the teaser, named Anthappan who is currently on a hideout because of another fight that happened between him and some thugs. After a lot of searches, Madhuri finds Anthappan near a railway station. However, before Madhuri could get close Anthappan is attacked by a goon squad. Anthappan gets critically injured and Madhuri takes him to a hospital. She tells her friend that she wants Anthappan to come back to life so that she can have her revenge.
Madhuri gets to know that the goons that tried to kill Anthappan were employed by the local police inspector himself because he feared Anthappan was taking over his control over the market. In the police investigation that followed, Madhuri is framed by the inspector as the prime suspect. The police keep an eye on Madhuri in the hopes that Madhuri will manage to find Anthappan who is currently on bail and has managed to flee. The plan was that when Madhuri see Anthappan, they will kill Anthappan and blame it on Madhuri. But Madhuri manages to fool those who were following her and finds Anthappan. Anthappan has now paralyzed waist down. Anthappan's wife says to him that Madhuri helped him to get to the hospital and he is alive only because of that. Anthappan, on seeing her starts to cry out of guilt, Madhuri leaves him without a word.
Madhuri on her way back home, sees an adult man groping a schoolgirl on the bus. She throws him out of the bus and crushes his hand with a stone. She takes all her anger on Anthhappan, on this guy and calls him Anthappan. He says I am not Anthappan and his name is Satish, but Madhuri says that Anthappan and Satheesh are the same. The story ends when Madhuri walks away from the scene and the schoolgirl who got molested goes back to Satheesh and starts thrashing him.
Cast
Manju Warrier as Madhuri
Anusree as Rosamma, Madhuri's friend
Rosshan Andrrews as Antony "Antappan" Joseph
Saiju Kurup as Sub Inspector Sreenath K.
Grace Antony as Sheeba
Alencier Ley Lopez as Gopi
S. P. Sreekumar as Chacko
Divya Prabha as Jolly (Antappan's wife)
Sashikala Nedungadi as Madhuri's mother
Sekhar Menon as Happymon, Rosamma's fiancée
Chali Pala as Surendran, Madhuri's employer
Boban Alummoodan as Vivek, Madhuri's suitor
Keerthana Poduwal as Sheela
Trikannan
Music
The Original Soundtrack of the film was composed by Gopi Sundar and The lyrics of the songs were written by Anil Panachooran.
Reception
Cris of The News Minute rated the movie 2.5 out of 5 stating: "Manju gives devoted performance in a film that tells off harassers." Cris also praised the film's director Rosshan Andrrews and wrote that "Rosshan and his team do deserve a pat for delivering this message clearly. Only if they had the backing of some good writing, the film would have reached out a lot more." Padmakumar K. of Malayala Manorama rated it 3 out of 5 stars and gave the verdict: "Telling it point-blank." He concluded that "Prathi Poovankozhi may not instill a sense of integrity among probable abusers, but will sure give them a fair idea about how a woman actually feels when she is objectified." Sify awarded 3 in a scale of 5 and commented: "Topical and hits you hard!" The reviewer appreciated Manju Warrier's performance and wrote that she "performs her well written role with dedication and confidence." Sajin Shrijith of The New Indian Express gave the film a 3.5 out of 5 rating and wrote: "Manju Warrier and Rosshan Andrrews stand out in this tense thriller." Baradwaj Rangan of Film Companion South wrote " The film belongs as much to Manju Warrier and Rosshan Andrews as Unni R, the writer who adapted his short story, Sankadam.".
References
External links
2019 films
Indian thriller films
2019 thriller films
2010s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by Rosshan Andrrews
The Chicago Shamrox were an American professional lacrosse team that played in the National Lacrosse League (NLL) in the 2007 and 2008 NLL seasons. Home matches were played at the Sears Centre in northwest suburban Hoffman Estates, Illinois. The team's ownership group was headed by Kevin Loughery Jr., the son of former NBA head coach Kevin Loughery. The new franchise was announced on February 16, 2006, and the name "Shamrox" was chosen in May 2006.
During their inaugural season in 2007, the Shamrox finished the season 6–10 and tied for fourth place in the NLL East Division with the Toronto Rock and Philadelphia Wings. But, due to their record inside the division, the Shamrox lost the playoff tiebreaker to the Rock and missed the playoffs.
On December 12, 2008, the Chicago Shamrox franchise closed their doors indefinitely. For the weeks and months before, owner Kevin Loughery Jr. had been trying to find a new ownership group. When the new group wasn't found, the team ceased operations 15 days before the opening night against the Rochester Knighthawks The team suspended operations until further notice.
Milestones
May 11, 2006: Connie Kowal was announced as the team's first president and Phil Ryan was named Vice President of Lacrosse Operations.
June 1, 2006: Jamie Batley was named the first Head Coach and General Manager in Chicago Shamrox history.
July 12, 2006: Goaltender Brandon Miller is selected as the first overall pick in the 2006 NLL Expansion Draft; making him the first player in the history of the Chicago Shamrox.
September 13, 2006: The Shamrox select Josh Wasson with their first pick (12th overall) in the 2006 NLL Entry Draft. Wasson formerly starred at the University of Hartford and for the Peterborough Lakers of the Ontario Lacrosse Association.
January 6, 2007: The Shamrox play their first-ever regular season game, a home game against their expansion cousins the New York Titans. The Shamrox win the game 15–12. Forward Jason Clark scored the first goal in franchise history at 2:17 of the 1st quarter, assisted by defenseman Tom Montour and Goaltender Brandon Miller. Miller made 46 saves on 58 shots to earn the win. 8,456 people were in attendance at the Sears Centre for the inaugural game, setting the attendance record (at the time) for the Sears Centre.
April 14, 2007: The Shamrox defeat the Philadelphia Wings 17–11 at the Sears Centre in Hoffman Estates, Illinois to finish their inaugural season 6–10 and tied with the Philadelphia Wings and Toronto Rock for the fourth and final playoff spot in the NLL East Division, but miss the playoffs due to their intra-division record. 7,096 fans were in attendance at the final game for "Fan Appreciation Night," which included numerous fan giveaways, a silent auction, and a performance by the local Chicago band, Ready...Break.
Awards
Brandon Miller Defensive Player of the Week - 2007 Week #2 vs. the New York Titans and Week #5 vs. the San Jose Stealth.
Bill McGlone Rookie of the Week - 2007 Week #2 vs. the New York Titans.
Cody Jacobs Rookie of the Week - 2007 Week #9 vs. the Minnesota Swarm.
All-time Record
Draft history
NLL Entry Draft
First Round Selections
2006: Josh Wasson (12th overall)
2007: Kevin Ross (12th overall)
See also
National Lacrosse League
Box lacrosse
Lacrosse
Chicago Shamrox seasons
Chicago Shamrox players
References
External links
NLL Official Website
Chicago Shamrox Official Website
Defunct National Lacrosse League teams
Lacrosse clubs established in 2006
Sport clubs disestablished in 2008
Gambelia speciosa, previously classified as Galvezia speciosa, is commonly known as showy island snapdragon or showy greenbright.
It is a perennial plant, which is endemic to California chaparral and woodlands habitats on the Channel Islands in Southern California, and on Guadalupe Island west of the Baja California Peninsula in Baja California, Mexico.
It is listed as an endangered species on the California Native Plant Society Inventory of Rare and Endangered Plants of California.
The genus name of Gambelia is in honour of William Gambel (1823–1849), an American naturalist, ornithologist, and botanist. The Latin epithet of speciosa is derived from speciosus meaning showy. It was first described and published in Proc. Acad. Nat. Sci. Philadelphia Vol.4 (Mar.-Apr.) on page 7 in 1848.
Cultivation
Gambelia speciosa is cultivated as an ornamental plant for native plant, drought tolerant, and wildlife gardens. It generally prefers a sunny site and well-drained soil, with minimal summer water. The flowers attract hummingbirds.
References
External links
Calflora Database: Gambelia speciosa (Showy island snapdragon)
Jepson eFlora (TJM2) treat of Gambelia speciosa
Archived Jepson Manual (TJM93): Galvezia speciosa
USDA Plants Profile for Gambelia speciosa
Gambelia speciosa — UC Photos gallery
speciosa
Flora of California
Flora of Baja California
Flora of Mexican Pacific Islands
Natural history of the California chaparral and woodlands
Natural history of the Channel Islands of California
Bird food plants
Garden plants of North America
Drought-tolerant plants
Plants described in 1848
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Gümele, Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
Kuperjanov is an Estonian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Alice Kuperjanov (1894–1942), Estonian nationalist
Julius Kuperjanov (1894–1919), Estonian military officer
References
Surnames
John Paul II Catholic School or Saint John Paul II Catholic School may refer to:
Canada
St. John Paul II Catholic School (Stony Plain, Alberta) - Evergreen Catholic Schools
St. John Paul II Catholic School (Ottawa, Ontario) - Ottawa Catholic School Board
United States
St. John Paul II Catholic School (South Carolina) (Okatie, South Carolina)
John Paul II Catholic School (Houston) (Houston, Texas)
St. John Paul II Catholic School (Lecanto, Florida) - Roman Catholic Diocese of Saint Petersburg
St. John Paul II Catholic School (Sellersburg, Indiana in the Louisville, Kentucky area) - Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Indianapolis
John Paul II Catholic School (Overland Park, Kansas in the Kansas City, Missouri area) - Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Kansas City in Kansas
St. John Paul II Catholic School (Southern Pines, North Carolina) - Roman Catholic Diocese of Raleigh
John Paul II Catholic School (Lincoln Park, Michigan in the Detroit area) - Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Detroit
St. John Paul II Catholic School (Gillette, Wyoming) - Roman Catholic Diocese of Cheyenne
A landmark is a notable geographical feature or building.
Landmark, The Landmark, Landmark Building, or similar may also refer to:
Places
Landmark, Manitoba, Canada
Landmark, Arkansas, United States
Landmark, Missouri, United States
Art, entertainment, and media
Games
Landmark (video game), a discontinued video game
Music
Landmark (Asian Kung-Fu Generation album), 2012
Landmarks (Clannad album), 1997
Landmarks (Joe Lovano album), 1990
Landmark (Salyu album), 2005
Landmark (Hippo Campus album), 2017
Television
Landmark (TV series), a Canadian current affairs television series
"Landmarks" (How I Met Your Mother), a 2011 episode of the sitcom How I Met Your Mother
The Landmark (album)
Buildings
United Kingdom
Landmark, Manchester, an approved office building in Manchester
The Landmark London, a hotel in the City of Westminster, London
The Landmark, a pair of skyscrapers at 22 Marsh Wall in Canary Wharf, London
United States
The Landmark, also known as the Southern Pacific Building in San Francisco, California
Landmark Center (Boston), a commercial building in Boston, Massachusetts
Landmark (hotel and casino), Paradise, Nevada
Landmark Office Towers Complex, a complex of three high-rises in Cleveland, Ohio
Medical Arts Building (San Antonio), San Antonio, Texas, renamed to "Landmark Building" in the 1970s
Landmark Mall, a mall in Alexandria, Virginia
Other places
Landmark 81, a super-tall skyscraper in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
Keangnam Hanoi Landmark Tower, a skyscraper in Hanoi, Vietnam
The Landmark (Abu Dhabi), a skyscraper in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
The Landmark (Hong Kong), an office and shopping development in Hong Kong
Yokohama Landmark Tower, skyscraper in Yokohama, Japan
Organizations
Landmark, an Australian agribusiness and wholly owned subsidiary of Agrium, Inc
Landmark (company), a serviced office provider in the UK
Landmark (department store), a Philippine department store and supermarket chain
Landmark Aviation, a company offering FBO services for aircraft
Landmark Bookstores, an Indian bookstore chain
Landmark Cinemas, a Canadian film exhibition chain
Landmark College, a college in Putney, Vermont
Landmark Conference an NCAA Division III athletic conference
Landmark Global, an international division of the Belgian Post Group
Landmark Group, an Emirati group of shops
Landmark Legal Foundation, an American conservative legal advocacy group.
Landmark Media Enterprises, an American media company
Landmark Theatre (disambiguation)
Landmark Theatres, an American theatre chain
Landmark Trust, a British charity that rescues and restores at-risk buildings
Landmark Worldwide, or Landmark Education, a company offering self-development seminars, formerly known as Erhard Seminars Training (EST).
Landmarks (University of Texas at Austin), a public art collection at the University of Texas at Austin
Philadelphia Society for the Preservation of Landmarks, also known simply as Landmarks
Other uses
Landmark decision, a legal ruling of great importance
Landmark case
Landmark Forest Adventure Park, a theme park in Scotland, UK aimed at children
Landmark point, a point in a shape that corresponds between similar shapes
Landmarkism, or Landmark Baptists, a revivalist movement particularly popular among American Baptists
Masonic Landmarks, a set of principles in Freemasonry
See also
Land survey marker
National landmark (disambiguation), a site possessing nationally significant natural, historic, or scientific resources
The Welsh Baseball Union (WBU) (founded 1892) is the national governing body of Welsh baseball in Wales.
It is a member of the International Baseball Board. The WBU organises the men's and youth league and cup competitions, as well as selecting and managing the Wales international teams at adult and youth level.
The Welsh Baseball Union is based in Cardiff.
See also
Welsh Ladies Baseball Union
References
External links
Welsh Baseball
Baseball Bill Barrett explains Welsh Baseball .
Baseball
British baseball in the United Kingdom
Governing bodies of British baseball
Organisations based in Cardiff
1892 establishments in Wales
Sports organizations established in 1892
Oro y plata (Spanish for "gold and silver") could refer to:
Gold and Silver, a 1934 Mexican film
The state motto of Montana
See also
Silver and Gold (disambiguation)
The 2020 Campeonato Brasileiro Série B was a football competition held in Brazil, equivalent to the second division. The competition was originally scheduled to begin on 2 May and end on 28 November, however due to the COVID-19 pandemic the tournament was rescheduled for 7 August 2020–29 January 2021.
Twenty teams competed in the tournament, twelve returning from the 2019 season, four promoted from the 2019 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C (Confiança, Juventude, Náutico and Sampaio Corrêa), and four relegated from the 2019 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A (Avaí, Chapecoense, Cruzeiro and CSA). This was the first Série B played by Cruzeiro in their history.
Cruzeiro were deducted six points after their denial to pay the fee that was agreed upon with Emirati side Al Wahda over Denílson loan in 2016. Al Wahda decided to take this issue to FIFA and they won the case.
The matches Chapecoense v CSA, scheduled for 12 August 2020 (2nd round), CSA v Cuiabá, scheduled for 15 August 2020 (3rd round), Sampaio Corrêa v Figueirense, scheduled for 19 August 2020 (4th round), and Brasil de Pelotas v Sampaio Corrêa, scheduled for 23 August 2020 (5th round), were postponed after 20 CSA and 14 Sampaio Corrêa players tested positive for COVID-19.
The top four teams were promoted to the 2021 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A. América Mineiro and Chapecoense became the first two clubs to be promoted on 12 January 2021 after a 0–0 draw against Náutico and a 2–1 win against Figueirense, respectively. Cuiabá was promoted on 22 January 2021, and Juventude on 29 January 2021.
Teams
Number of teams by state
Venues
Personnel and kits
Managerial changes
Foreign players
The clubs could have a maximum of five foreign players in their Campeonato Brasileiro squads per match, but there was no limit of foreigners in the clubs' squads.
(dn) = Player holding Brazilian dual nationality.
League table
Positions by round
The table lists the positions of teams after each week of matches. In order to preserve chronological evolvements, any postponed matches are not included to the round at which they were originally scheduled, but added to the full round they were played immediately afterwards.
Results
Top goalscorers
Awards
References
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B seasons
2
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B
Kösrelikkızığı, Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çubuk District
Chul Hyun Ahn is a South Korean artist who works primarily with light.
Description
Ahn is a member of a group of young light artists including Olafur Eliasson, Ivan Navarro, Spencer Finch, and Leo Villareal. Ahn creates meditations on zen notions of the infinite and the void, which distinguishes Ahn's oeuvre from other artists working with light. Ahn's multiple on-going sculpture series including "Forked Series" and "Tunnel Series" systematically explore the limitations of space and optics.
Hilarie M. Sheets, contributing editor of ARTnews who also writes regularly for The New York Times, Art in America, and Art + Auction, said his work is "At once thrilling and ominous, it suggests a rabbit hole to another world—underwater, outer space, afterlife—or journey to the unknown, the kind of leap of faith involved in the artist's own passage to an unfamiliar country and language." As a pillar in the resurgence of light art, "Ahn creates sculptures utilizing light, color and illusion as physical representations of his investigation of infinite space."
Ahn lives and works in Baltimore, Maryland, where he is represented by C. Grimaldis Gallery.
Biography
Chul Hyun Ahn was born in Busan, South Korea. He received a Bachelor of Fine Arts from the Chugye University for the Arts in Seoul. In 1997 he moved to the United States and received a Master of Fine Arts from the Mount Royal School at the Maryland Institute College of Art in Baltimore in 2002.
Mr. Grimaldis first saw Ahn's work at his 2002 MFA thesis exhibition at the Maryland Institute College of Art. Soon after, he had his first exhibition with C. Grimaldis Gallery in the winter of 2003 in a solo exhibition titled Infinity - Emptiness which featured six light sculptures. Since 2003 Chul Hyun Ahn has exhibited extensively nationally and internationally, and his work can be found in numerous important private and public collections.
In a review of Ahn's 2008 C. Grimaldis Gallery solo exhibition, Phenomena: Visual Echo art critic Cara Ober wrote: "What does infinity look like? Chul Hyun Ahn's show of thirteen mirrored light boxes (all 2008) answered this question over and over, in subtly different ways. The constructions of plywood and fluorescent light with exposed electrical cords unavoidably recall Donald Judd and Dan Flavin, but Ahn uses these industrial materials to a different end. Rather than clarifying visual phenomena without artifice, Ahn seeks to mystify."
Selected exhibitions
2011
C. Grimaldis Gallery, Baltimore, Maryland, Illuminated Void (solo)
Galerie Paris-Beijing, Paris, France, Visual Echo (solo)
Kunstraum: Morgenstrabe, Karlsruhe, Germany, Touching The Void
Delaware Art Museum, Wilmington, Delaware, Perception/Deception: Illusion In Contemporary Art
2010
Southeastern Center for Contemporary Art, Winston-Salem, North Carolina, Look Again, Curator: Steven Matijcio
2009
C. Grimaldis Gallery, Baltimore, Maryland, A Sculpture Show
2008
Samuel P. Harn Museum of Art, University of Florida, Gainesville, Florida, Momentum: Contemporary Art From The Harn Collection
C. Grimaldis Gallery, Baltimore, Maryland, Phenomena: Visual Echo (solo)
2007
C. Grimaldis Gallery, Baltimore, Maryland, New Work (solo)
Decker Gallery, Maryland Institute College of Art, Baltimore, Maryland, Jane & Walter Sondheim Semi-Finalist Exhibition
2006
CPS Gallery, New York, New York
School 33, Baltimore, Maryland, Biennial Exhibition
2005
C. Grimaldis Gallery, Baltimore, Maryland, Visual Echoes (solo)
Conner Contemporary, Washington, D.C., New Work (solo)
The Shore Institute of the Contemporary Arts, Long Branch, New Jersey, Luminous Recurrence
2004
C. Grimaldis Gallery, Baltimore, Maryland, Infinite Directions (solo)
2003
C. Grimaldis Gallery, Baltimore, Maryland, Infinity - Emptiness (solo)
2002
Conner Contemporary, Washington, D.C., Academy 2002
CAA Conference, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Six Degrees In Cold Storage
2001
Gallery Four, Baltimore, Maryland, Multiplicity
1999
Creole Gallery, Lansing, Michigan
1996
Kyung-In Art Museum, Seoul, South Korea, New Frontier Exhibition
City Museum of Art, Seoul, South Korea, The Joong-Ang Biennale
National Museum of Contemporary Art, Seoul, South Korea, The 15th Grand Art Exhibition of Korea
Selected collections
American Society of Nephrology, Washington, DC
Baltimore Office of Promotion and the Arts, Baltimore, Maryland
Borusan Contemporary, Istanbul, Turkey
Delaware Art Museum, Wilmington, Delaware
Hearst Foundation Collection, New York, New York
Marguiles Collection at the Warehouse, Miami, Florida
Marvin and Elayne Mordes Collection, West Palm Beach, Florida
McDonald's Corporation, Washington, DC
Jordon D. Schnitzer Family Foundation, Portland, Oregon
Palm Springs Art Museum, Palm Springs, California
Samuel P. Harn Museum of Art, University of Florida, Gainesville, Florida
Washington D.C. Convention Center, Washington, DC
Carre de Malberg Private Collection, Paris, France
References
Suggested reading
Adams, Virginia k., & Sheets, Hilarie M., "Chul Hyun Ahn: Illuminated Void" (Baltimore, C. Grimaldis Gallery, 2011).
External links
Chul Hyun Ahn on the C. Grimaldis Gallery website
Chul Hyun Ahn on Artnet website
South Korean artists
Contemporary sculptors
Conceptual artists
American installation artists
Light artists
Living people
1971 births
A step-through frame (also known as open frame, drop frame, or low-step frame) is a type of bicycle frame, often used for utility bicycles, with a low or absent top tube or cross-bar.
Traditionally, bicycles with a step-through frame were known as "ladies, "women's", or "girls' bicycles" mainly due to their advantage to riders wearing skirts or dresses. Bicycles with a high top tube (cross-bar), known as a diamond frame, were known as "men's", "gents, or "boys' bicycles". As a result of changing clothing styles since the late 20th century, descriptions that describe the frame style, rather than the presumed gender of the rider, are becoming increasingly common.
Advantages
less risk of stretching or ripping clothes when mounting the saddle
the rider can wear a skirt (also requires a skirt guard and possibly a chain guard)
very quick to mount and dismount, so is suitable for delivery bicycles, or any journey with many stops
suitable for elderly and others with restricted agility
potentially safer than a high top tube; a rider who loses balance can step through the bicycle without becoming entangled
compactness provides a popular starting point for folding bicycles.
Disadvantages
Heavier. Compared to a traditional diamond frame consisting of two near-triangles, open or step-through frame designs must be designed with thicker gauge tubing, the use of additional gusseting members, and/or monocoque frame construction. These structural elements may add weight or cost over a traditional diamond design.
Inattention to structural design can lead to excessive flexing, resulting in lower pedaling efficiency and reduced frame life.
Fewer places to mount accessories, e.g. an air pump or water-bottle.
More difficult to carry around off the ground due to the sloping tube near the bicycle's center of gravity, e.g. carrying it upstairs, or lifting to hang it for maintenance.
Variations
Mixte
One particular type of step-through frame is called a mixte. In a mixte frame, the top tube of the traditional diamond frame is replaced with a pair of smaller tubes (lateral tubes, or lats) running from the top of the head tube all the way back to the rear axle, connecting at the seat tube on the way. The normal seat stays and chain stays are retained. This provides the lower standover height of a step-through frame bicycle with a strong diamond-frame geometry.
Mixte (pronounced ) is a direct appropriation of the French word meaning "mixed" or "unisex". The usual North American bicycle industry pronunciation of this loan word is .
A variant on the mixte uses a single, full sized top tube running from the upper head tube to the seat tube, but retains the middle set of stays. The FNCRM (Fédération Nationale du Commerce et de la Réparation du Cycle et du Motocycle) calls this style a sport.
Other named French styles of step-through frames, in addition to mixte and sport, include berceau, Anglais, jumele, col de cygne and double col de cygne.
Cross
Another type of step-through frame is called a cross. The cross frame consists mainly of two tubes that form a cross: a seat tube from the bottom bracket to the saddle, and a backbone from the head tube to the rear hub.
Gallery
See also
Bicycle frame
Bicycling and feminism
References
External links
Cycle types
Padichakallan is a 1969 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by M. Krishnan Nair and produced by A. L. Sreenivasan. The film stars Prem Nazir, Adoor Bhasi, Manavalan Joseph and Pappukutty Bhagavathar. The film had musical score by G. Devarajan.
Cast
Prem Nazir
Adoor Bhasi
Manavalan Joseph
Pappukutty Bhagavathar
Sreelatha Namboothiri
T. R. Omana
Aranmula Ponnamma
Bharathi Vishnuvardhan
K. P. Ummer
Krishnan
Latha
Paravoor Bharathan
Radhika
Snehalatha
T. K. Balachandran
Bharathi Vishnuvardhan (Heroine)
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan with lyrics by Vayalar Ramavarma.
References
External links
1969 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by M. Krishnan Nair
Louisa Anne Ryland (17 January 1814 – 28 January 1889) was a major benefactor to the (then) town of Birmingham, England. She became a millionaire on the death of her father, Samuel Ryland of The Laurels, Hagley Road, Edgbaston, whose family fortune was made in the wire drawing industry by his father, John Ryland.
Early life
Louisa Ryland was born on 17 January 1814 to Samuel Ryland and Anne Pemberton. Samuel Ryland's father had made his fortune through wire drawing and then land investment around Birmingham, a portfolio that had been continued by Samuel. Ryland was brought up largely by her governess, Charlotte Randle, in a unitarian household. Samuel Ryland died in 1843 and Anne in 1862.
Beneficiaries
Ryland's donations included several large areas of land that were used to create public parks. The largest of these, donated in 1873, was some and became Cannon Hill Park. Another, in 1879, was Victoria Park (now Small Heath Park), Small Heath. She also contributed to education centres Birmingham School of Art and The Birmingham & Midland Institute, as well as multiple hospitals, Queen's Hospital, the Eye Hospital, the Jaffray Hospital and Birmingham General Hospital.
Ryland became one of Birmingham's most significant philanthropists, donating approximately £180,000 worth approximately £132 million in 2018. However, it is difficult to confirm the actual amount donated, as Ryland refused to be associated with the donations, giving them either anonymously or as "A friend of Birmingham".
Ryland died at Barford Hill on 28 January 1889. She was buried at All Saints Church, Sherbourne, next to the grave of her governess, Charlotte Randle.
Notes
References
People from Birmingham, West Midlands
1814 births
1889 deaths
English philanthropists
19th-century British philanthropists
Giovanni Gasbarrini (Padua, 30 August 1936) is an Italian physician whose work in the field of internal medicine, hepatology and gastroenterology earned him the 2013 lifetime achievement award of the United European Gastroenterology (UEG) association.
Biography
Giovanni Gasbarrini was born in Padua in 1936 to Elisabetta Tinozzi and Antonio Gasbarrini. The father Antonio - professor of internal medicine at the University of Padua and Bologna - was a famous Italian physician that laid the groundwork for modern internal medicine and gastroenterology, and was the founder of the Italian society of gastroenterology. During his childhood, Giovanni Gasbarrini developed a strong scientific interest for the medical subjects studied by his father Antonio, and after high school graduation in 1954 at the Luigi Galvani 'Liceo Classico' in Bologna, decided to continue his studies at the faculty of medicine in the same city. In 1960 he married Maria Luisa Di Paola, and they have three sons Antonio, Elisabetta and Alessandro.
Scientific and academic activity
In 1960 Gasbarrini graduated from the University of Bologna with summa cum laude as medical doctor. He specialized in Gastroenterology and Internal Medicine at the same institution and started his academic career as assistant professor at the University of Bologna in 1964. Then, in 1970, he moved to the D'Annunzio University of Chieti–Pescara. Finally, he was appointed as Professor of Internal Medicine at the University of Bologna in 1977 and at the Catholic University of Rome in 1993. He was the Chairman of the "Specialization School in Geriatrics and Gerontology at the University of Bologna, School of Medicine between 1980 and 1993, and of the Specialization School in Internal Medicine and Gastroenterology and Digestive Endoscopy at the Catholic University of Rome from 1993 onwards.
Gasbarrini's contributions to the field of contemporary internal medicine and gastroenterology are remarkable. He is a pioneer of pathophysiological research in a variety of gastric, intestinal and liver disorders at an international level. He is an active clinical researcher with a broad interest in gastrointestinal diseases such as peptic ulcer, inflammatory bowel disease, coeliac disease and malabsorption, liver diseases, small intestinal bacterial overgrowth, gastrointestinal oncology, pancreatic disease, alcohol-related disorders and genetic syndromes of the gastrointestinal tract, to name a few.
Gasbarrini has contributed much to scientific literature. He published more than 1000 peer-reviewed articles in international journals, which were cited over 36800 times, and he has h-index 96 as of December 2015, which is high considering that a significant part of his scientific articles were published before the internet era. He is in the list of the top Italian scientists of the VIA academy. He has been a member of many editorial boards and has served as editor of several gastroenterological journals. Among his scientific contributions are: the first electron microscopic studies of intestinal mucosa in coeliac disease and other malabsorption syndromes; studies of the role of Helicobacter pylori'' in autoimmune thrombocytopenia; research on the pathogenesis of biliary tract stones; studies of drug-induced and viral hepatitis and studies on small intestinal bacterial overgrowth.
Gasbarrini also made equally important contributions to education in gastroenterology, and to several European gastroenterology societies and organisations. He mentored and trained many clinicians, academic clinicians and basic researchers who are active in patient care and research in gastroenterology all over the world. He organized national and international scientific conferences and postgraduate and teaching courses, with a special focus on educational value for young people at the beginning of their careers. Besides being active in many national and international societies, he served as President of the European Association for Gastroenterology, Endoscopy and Nutrition (EAGEN), and as President of the European Helicobacter and Microbiota Study Group (EHMSG).
Honours and awards
AISF (Italian society for the study of the liver) lifetime achievement
Trisociety (Italian Society of Gastroenterology - Italian Society of Digestive Endoscopy - Italian Association of Hospital Gastroenterology) lifetime achievement
Cavaliere di Gran Croce of the Italian Republic
Honorary Member of Italian Society of Internal Medicine
Lifetime achievement award of the United European Gastroenterology (UEG) association (2013)
Several other awards for medical and general culture
References
External links
UEG Lifetime Achievement Award
Prof. Giovanni Gasbarrini personal website
Living people
1936 births
Italian gastroenterologists
Italian hepatologists
University of Bologna alumni
University of Bologna faculty
D'Annunzio University of Chieti–Pescara faculty
Physicians from Padua
Svetitsa () is a rural locality (a village) in Pogorelovskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 4 as of 2002. There are 5 streets.
Geography
Svetitsa is located 57 km southwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Toporikha is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Totemsky District
Northward Ho (or Ho!, or Hoe) is an early Jacobean era stage play, a satire and city comedy written by Thomas Dekker and John Webster, and first published in 1607. Northward Ho was a response to Eastward Ho (1605) by Ben Jonson, George Chapman, and John Marston, which in its turn was a response to Westward Ho (c. 1604), an earlier play by Dekker and Webster. Taken together, the three dramas form a trilogy of "directional plays" that show the state of satirical and social drama in the first decade of the 17th century.
Date
Northward Ho could not have been staged prior to Eastward Ho, which was in existence by September 1605. John Day's play The Isle of Gulls, onstage in February 1606, refers to all three of the directional plays. This suggests that the last of them, Northward Ho, must have been performed during the last half of 1605.
Publication
Northward Ho was entered into the Stationers' Register on 6 August 1607, and was published later that year in quarto by the printer George Eld. The title page of the first edition identifies the two authors, as well as the playing company that staged the work, the Children of Paul's – the same troupe that performed Westward Ho.
Authorship
Scholars agree that Dekker is the predominant partner in the authorship of Northward Ho as in Westward Ho, while Webster in the minority contributor; yet as with the earlier play, scholars disagree on the proportions of the two authors' shares. Peter Murray's argument, that Webster wrote about 40% of each play, is the high-end estimate; other commentators give him less. Webster's hand has been perceived most often in Act I and in Act III, scene i.
Sources
The plot device of the ring that is employed in Northward Ho can be found in at least two collections of stories, the Ducento Novelle of Celio Malespini and Les Cent nouvelles Nouvelles of Antoine de la Sale.
Critical responses
Commentators from Algernon Charles Swinburne to Fredson Bowers have regarded Northward Ho as superior in quality to Westward Ho. According to Bowers, "Critical opinion is unanimous in thinking Northward Ho to be the better of the two Dekker/Webster plays...."
F. G. Fleay's argument that the character Bellamont in Northward Ho represents George Chapman has been accepted by some critics.
Synopsis
The play's opening scene, set in the town of Ware north of London, introduces two "gallants," Featherstone and Greenshield, and portrays their situation. The men have long been trying to seduce a citizen's wife, Mistress Mayberry, without success (a type of situation often depicted in the city comedy of the period). In consequence, they have decided to play a malicious prank on her husband. They encounter Mayberry and his friend Bellamont, seemingly by chance, and tell the two men a story of how they (Featherstone and Greenshield) have both seduced the wife of a London tradesman; they keep her name secret at first, but then let it slip as if by accident. Most critically, they possess a ring that Mayberry recognizes as his wife's.
The two pairs part; Mayberry is deeply distressed at the idea that his wife has been unfaithful to him. His older and wiser friend Bellamont protests, and points out the obvious unlikelihood of the encounter: that the two gallants should just happen to have seduced the same woman, who just happens to be Mayberry's wife, strains credulity. Bellamont suggests that Mayberry is clearly being manipulated, and manages to salve the other man's wounded pride. Back in London, Mayberry confronts his wife; she is stung by his suspicion, but explains how Greenshield, while courting and pestering her in the Mayberrys' shop, slipped her ring from her finger and escaped with it. (This idea, of citizens' wives being courted by gentlemen while they staff their husbands' businesses, is another staple of the literature of the era.) Mayberry's suspicions are allayed – but he has a strong desire for revenge against the two gallants.
Bellamont has a son named Philip who, like many young men, enjoys the pursuit of drink, women, and gambling. In his first scene he is shown being arrested by sergeants in the outer room of a tavern, over an unpaid debt of £80. His friends Leverpool and Chartley and the prostitute Doll witness the arrest and are tempted to intervene, but Philip stops them; he sends a tavern servant to his father for bail. Doll and company decide to set up a confidence game, what was then called "coney-catching." They rent a house and present Doll as a wealthy young countrywoman, very eligible for marriage, who has just come to the city. Leverpool and Chartley masquerade as her servants. She is courted by, and exploits, various potential suitors, including a Dutch visitor named Hans van Belch, a local grocer called Allum, and a Welsh soldier, Captain Jenkins. (In Westward Ho, the character Justiniano has an Italian name but speaks and acts like an Englishman. Northward Ho, in contrast, employs blatant stereotypical ethnic and dialect humor.)
In pursuit of his revenge, Mayberry maintains a friendly relationship with Featherstone and Greenshield. Greenshield's "sister" has just arrived in London from York, and Mayberry offers the three of them lodging at his summer house. There, a conversation between two young servingmen, Featherstone's servant Leapfrog and Mayberry's servant Squirrel, reveals the true circumstances of the threesome. Greenshield's "sister" Kate is actually his wife; and Kate is having a clandestine romantic affair with her husband's friend Featherstone. She fools Greenshield by pretending to suffer from sleepwalking; on her nighttime rambles she often ends up in Featherstone's room.
Philip, playing a joke on his father, has Doll summon Bellamont for a potential commission. (Bellamont is a poet, and provides verses for fees.) Bellamont comes to Doll's establishment, but quickly penetrates the ruse and understands the nature of Doll's profession and her current activities. When Doll asks Bellamont what he thinks of her, he calls her "a most admirable, brave, beautiful whore." Once Bellamont leaves, Doll reveals that she is attracted to him. Captain Jenkins comes to Bellamont to commission a madrigal for Doll. While he's there, Doll herself arrives; Bellamont has Jenkins hide behind the arras, and Doll reveals the truth about herself. Jenkins exposes her to her other "gulls," and Doll and company find it expedient to leave the city; they flee northwards.
Featherstone, in pursuing his own sexual and financial goals, has set himself and the Greenshields on a trip to Ware; Bellamont and the Mayberrys travel along as part of their revenge plan. Along the way, the group stops at Bethlem Royal Hospital, or "Bedlam," to view the madmen; the others play a joke on Bellamont, and make the keeper think that the poet is a lunatic who has been fooled into coming to the hospital. Bellamont has a fit of temper and hits the keeper before the others come to his rescue. At Ware, the play's schemes bear their final fruit: a disguised Greenshield is tricked into offering his masked wife to Mayberry's amorous attentions...only to have their true identities exposed to each other. Featherstone's adultery with Kate is also exposed – but Featherstone is not left to triumph, since he is fooled into marrying a disguised Doll. Featherstone is appalled to learn that he has married a prostitute; but Doll asserts that she's reformed and promises to be a good and faithful wife. The would-be adulterers and seducers receive their just punishment; the others are none the worse for wear.
In Westward Ho, the trio of citizens' wives, Mistresses Tenterhook, Honeysuckle, and Wafer, are largely indistinguishable and interchangeable. The three female characters in the sequel are far more distinct, extending along the full range of morality: Mrs. Mayberry being the chaste and virtuous wife, Kate Greenshield the "bad" adulterous wife, and Doll the professional prostitute.
Notes
References
Brooke, Rupert. John Webster and the Elizabethan Drama. London, John Lane, 1916.
Chambers, E. K. The Elizabethan Stage. 4 Volumes, Oxford, Clarendon Press, 1923.
Logan, Terence P., and Denzell S. Smith, eds. The Popular School: A Survey and Bibliography of Recent Studies in English Renaissance Drama. Lincoln, NE, University of Nebraska Press, 1975.
Murray, Peter B. "The Collaboration of Dekker and Webster" in Northward Ho and Westward Ho. Papers of the Bibliographic Society of America 56 (1962), pp. 482–6.
Pierce, Frederick Erastus. The Collaboration of Dekker and Webster. New York, Henry Holt, 1909.
External links
English Renaissance plays
1605 plays
Plays by Thomas Dekker (writer)
Plays by John Webster
Yıldırımyağlıca is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
The Blackwater River or Kerry Blackwater is a river in County Kerry, southwestern Ireland. It is not to be confused with the much longer Munster Blackwater, which also rises in County Kerry.
Geography
The Kerry Blackwater has a drainage basin with an area of and from its source in Lough Brin to the sea it is long. It enters the sea at Kenmare Bay on the southern side of the Iveragh Peninsula.
Fisheries
The fishing in the Kerry Blackwater is managed by IFI Macroom and the river receives a run of around 1500 salmon and grilse each year. It also receives a good run pf sea trout which pass through the river on their way to Logh Brin and its headwaters. Access for anglers to the river is said to be "excellent". Two boats are available for angling use on Lough Brin.
Natural history and conservation
A Special Area of Conservation, protects most of the basin of the Blackwater River. This is one of the areas in which the rare Kerry slug is known to occur. Other rare species which are protected by the SAC include the otter, freshwater pearl mussel, lesser horseshoe bat and Atlantic salmon. The area is of international importance for the lesser horseshoe bat, with one roost site having 150 bats counted there in 1996. The site is also recognised as being of conservation importance for birds, notably the peregrine falcon, merlin, red-billed chough and hen harrier. It is also home to populations of Hesperocodon hederaceus which is scarce in Ireland.
Culture
The area around the Kerry Blackwater is mainly farmland, especially pastures. There is ancient rock art in the basin which is considered to be among the finest in Ireland.
References
External links
Natura 2000 listing: Blackwater River (Kerry)
Fishing
See also
Blackwater River (disambiguation)
Rivers of County Kerry
Protected areas of County Kerry
Special Areas of Conservation in the Republic of Ireland
Derek Alan Rucker (born October 2, 1966) is an American-Australian former professional basketball player who starred in the Australian National Basketball League for 15 seasons.
Playing career
Prior to the commencement of his professional career, Rucker attended and graduated from the exclusive University School in Hunting Valley, Ohio. He accepted a basketball scholarship to attend Davidson College and quickly established himself as a player and leader by starting from his freshman year onwards. Rucker led the Wildcats to the NCAA Tournament his sophomore season and finished at Davidson as the 3rd (now 4th) all-time leading scorer and all-time assists (now 5th) and steals leader (currently 1st). In addition to being first team All-Southern Conference three years in a row and the Southern Conference Tournament MVP, Rucker was also a two-time Academic All-American. Davidson College retired Rucker's #11 uniform and inducted Rucker into the Davidson Hall of Fame.
Rucker was one of the most dynamic and exciting players in the history of the NBL and won the league's coveted Most Valuable Player (MVP) award with the Brisbane Bullets in 1990. Rucker began his career with Brisbane and played for the Newcastle Falcons, Townsville Suns and West Sydney Razorbacks before returning to the Bullets to finish his career.
Rucker finished his NBL career in the top ten all-time in several statistical categories: scoring (7th), assists (4th), steals (4th) and three-point field goals made (5th). He also finished in the top five in MVP voting four times in a six-year span. Rucker appeared in two championship series and was a two-time All-Star Game MVP. Rucker also played professionally in England and the Philippines.
Playing style
Rucker played an aggressive, attacking offensive game using a combination of skilled moves with the ball. Rucker was a match-winning point guard who scored heavily while also amassing high assist totals throughout his career. An excellent athlete with superb quickness and excellent jumping ability, he constantly raided the keyway and rim despite his size of 184 cm (6'0") and 80 kg (176 lbs). Combined with outstanding long range shooting ability, Rucker was a very tough player to defend. It was Rucker's exciting style of play during the boom years of the NBL in Australia that thrust him into celebrity status in the new millennium.
Personal
Rucker is the son of former NFL standout Reggie Rucker and Carole Gooch, and has two younger brothers. He and his former partner, Kim Skelton, have two children.
In 2016, he was charged with fraud for stealing $20,000 from the Gladstone Basketball Association.
Media work and post career
Rucker worked for numerous media entities in Australia during and after his playing career including Fox Sports, Channel 9, Radio 2UE Sydney, B105FM Brisbane and Brisbane's Courier Mail. He co-hosted the national NBL weekly recap show in with Stephanie Brantz on Australia's Channel 9 network. After retiring, Rucker became the Sydney Kings' Executive Director of Corporate Basketball Services. He also appeared in the feature film Living Color.
Rucker later ran a high-end sports tour in the United States called D-Ruck's Dream USA Sports Getaway. The first tour was completed in September 2013.
On May 23, 2014, Rucker joined the Gladstone Port City Power of the Queensland Basketball League for a one-game stint. In just over 27 minutes of action, he recorded 5 points, 2 assists and 2 steals in a loss to the Mackay Meteors. In 2015, he was appointed the Gladstone Port City Power chairman and head coach of the men's team. In November 2015, he was appointed head coach of the Logan Thunder for the 2016 QBL season.
NBL career highlights
51 points in a game
24 assists in a game – NBL Record
Averaged 30+ points per game three times
25 games of 40+ points
10.6 assists per game – NBL Record
2x Grand Finalist
3x All-NBL first team
2x All-Star Game MVP
References
External links
Eurobasket.com Profile
NBL stats
Razorbacks profile
NBL profile
1966 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Australia
American expatriate basketball people in El Salvador
American expatriate basketball people in the Philippines
American expatriate basketball people in the United Kingdom
Barangay Ginebra San Miguel players
Basketball players from Washington, D.C.
Birmingham Bullets players
Brisbane Bullets players
Davidson Wildcats men's basketball players
Newcastle Falcons (basketball) players
Point guards
Townsville Crocodiles players
West Sydney Razorbacks players
American men's basketball players
Philippine Basketball Association imports
The WaMaC conference is a high school athletic conference in Eastern Iowa made up of mid-sized schools. The conference is named for the three rivers that drain in the area (Wa for Wapsipinicon, Ma for Maquoketa, and C for Cedar). WaMaC also participates in concert choir and concert band performances, calling them WaMaC Honor Choirs and WaMaC Honor Bands, where instead of competing, the schools perform together. There is also a WaMaC art show.
Members
There are 11 full members of the WaMaC Conference. The majority of these schools are in Class 3A, Iowa's second largest enrollment class.
Future Members
Grinnell will be joining the conference in 2023, leaving the Little Hawkeye Conference.
History
The conference traces its history to 1931. This is the year the Tri Valley Conference was formed. Membership in the conference included Independence, Marion, Manchester, and Vinton. Cedar Falls and Cedar Rapids Wilson joined later.
In 1940, a new league, the Mid-Six, was formed. This new conference consisted of Anamosa, Maquoketa, Manchester, Marion, Monticello, and Tipton. Independence and Vinton rejoined the league in 1942 and the conference was renamed the Tri-Rivers Conference. After a year of competing under that moniker, the league was renamed the WaMaC Conference to honor the three rivers that run through the region, the Wapsipinicon, the Maquoketa, and the Cedar.
Membership changes
In the 1988–89 season, Anamosa, Monticello, and Maquoketa left the conference to join a redesigned Big Bend Conference. They were replaced in the league by Benton Community and LaSalle Catholic of the recently disbanded Eastern Iowa Conference, and by LaSalle's crosstown rival, Regis. Tipton also left at this time to join the Eastern Iowa Hawkeye Conference. South Tama County would be added soon after. After Regis left to join the larger Mississippi Valley Conference in 1992, Columbus Catholic in Waterloo replaced them. Don Bosco joined the conference in 1998, as Regis closed its doors in order for Cedar Rapids to open a new, larger Catholic High School made up of the former populations of LaSalle and Regis.
The real expansion for the WaMaC began in 2003. Western Dubuque, Central DeWitt, Maquoketa, and Beckman were added to the league this year. After originally being denied membership in the league, this expansion only occurred because the four schools petitioned to the state for inclusion in the WaMaC following the collapse of their former conference, the Big Bend. Three other teams that made up the Big Bend had agreed to leave the conference for the Tri-Rivers Conference, while Camanche (the other remaining team) applied to the Big East Conference. The WaMaC opposed the addition of the teams because there was little tradition with the other league schools and the increased travel distance appeared to threaten South Tama's membership in the league, while the addition of more big schools like Central DeWitt and Western Dubuque threatened the membership of Don Bosco, which was by far the league's smallest school. It turned out that both fears proved valid. Don Bosco left the league for the Iowa Star Conference in 2005 and South Tama joined the Little Hawkeye Conference for 2006. In 2013, Waterloo Columbus left the WaMaC for the NICL Conference with South Tama joining back in the WaMaC at the start of the 2014 season.
In 2007, the league added two Tri-River Conference members, Anamosa (who had been a member of the conference in its early days and had recently been in the Big Bend conference with the other 4 schools that had joined the conference in 2003), and Center Point–Urbana. In 2008, the league expanded to add four of the larger schools in the Eastern Iowa Hawkeye Conference, all of which were also rapidly growing schools. These four were Clear Creek–Amana, Mount Vernon, Solon, and Williamsburg.
Successes
The new 16 team leagues has gained much credibility at the end of the decade, due to the success of its schools.
In the 2009–10 academic year, the WaMaC fielded many state championship teams in boys' sports: Solon won the 2009 Class 2A State Football Championship; Columbus Catholic, Waterloo, claimed the Class 1A State Tennis Championship in June 2010; and Solon claimed the Class 2A State Championship in Track & Field; Solon also won the Class 2A State Baseball tournament.
In the 2009–10 academic year in girls' sports, Mount Vernon claimed the Class 2A State Volleyball Championship. Mount Vernon also won the Class 2A State Basketball Championship. Solon won the Class 2A State Track & Field Championship.
In the 2010–11 school year, the conference has enjoyed much of the same success. Solon claimed the Class 3A Football State Championship after moving up a class from the previous year. Solon also won the Class 3A State Baseball tournament, defeating Marion in the semifinals.
In girls' sports, Mount Vernon defeated West Delaware to capture the Class 3A State Championship in Volleyball, and capped a perfect season. Columbus Catholic, Waterloo, claimed the Class 1A State Girls Tennis Championship. Clear Creek–Amana won the 2011 Class 3A Softball tournament.
Late 2010s/early 2020s league departures
In January 2017, two schools opted to leave the conference. Western Dubuque voted to join the Mississippi Valley Conference, while Anamosa is joining the River Valley Conference. Both moves became effective in 2018–19, leaving the WaMaC at 14 schools.
In the spring of 2019, Central DeWitt was admitted to the Mississippi Athletic Conference, with the move effective in the fall of 2020, reducing the WaMaC to 13 teams.
In the summer of 2021, Maquoketa and Dyersville Beckman Catholic announced they planned to leave the WaMaC for the River Valley Conference. When the move takes place for the 2022-2023 school year, the WaMaC will be reduced to 11 teams.
WaMaC Honor Band and Honor Choir
The WaMaC Conference also holds events for students involved in band and choir. These events are the WaMaC Honor Band and WaMaC Honor Choir. These events have been held at various venues throughout eastern Iowa and take place in November with Honor Choir taking place on the first or second Tuesday and Honor Band takes place a week later. The students involved in these events will arrive at the certain venue usually in the early afternoon. Then, the students rehearse together with the songs they'll either play or sing together. This rehearsal usually lasts about two-and-a-half to three hours with a break and dinner in-between. Finally, a concert is held that night.
Honor Band and Honor Choir have taken place at various venues throughout the years. In the past, the Honor Choir has been held at Hawkeye Community College (2009), Maquoketa High School (2010), and Independence High School (2011). In the past, the Honor Band has been held at Center Point–Urbana High School (2009), Benton Community High School (2010), and Clear Creek–Amana High School (2011).
External links
Official site
References
High school sports in Iowa
1942 establishments in Iowa
Sport leagues established in 1942
The southern Philippine false gecko (Pseudogekko pungkaypinit) is a species of gecko. It is endemic to the Philippines.
References
Pseudogekko
Reptiles described in 2014
Reptiles of the Philippines
Nina Ulanova (; occasionally romanised French-style as Oulanova; born 31 May 1978) is a Russian ice dancer. With former partner Michail Stifunin, she is the 1997 World Junior champion and 1998 Nebelhorn Trophy champion.
Personal life
Nina Ulanova was born in 1978 in Moscow. She is the niece of Alexei Ulanov.
Career
Competitive career
Having started skating when she was four, Ulanova trained in single skating under Rafael Arutyunyan until age 11 and then began ice dancing in Andrei Filippov's group.
Ulanova and her partner, Michail Stifunin, placed fifth at the 1996 World Junior Championships in Brisbane, Australia. In the 1996–97 season, they won gold at the 1997 World Junior Championships in Seoul, South Korea. After the event, Filippov moved to Australia and Ulanova/Stifunin joined Alla Belyaeva. They skated together until 1999, placing as high as fifth at the senior Russian Championships.
During the 1999–2000 season, Ulanova competed with Alexander Pavlov. They placed fourth at the 2000 Russian Championships. Their partnership ended around 2001.
Professional career
After joining Holiday on Ice, Ulanova performed with Martin Šimeček for seven years and then with Michał Zych for three years. In 2011, Ulanova appeared on series 6 of ITV's Dancing on Ice, partnered with Steven Arnold. They were voted off in episode 4. She took part in the 2011 Dancing on Ice Tour and partnered with professional skater Matt Evers. In 2012, she appeared on series 7 partnered with Matthew Wolfenden and won the series.
Ulanova did not appear in series 8 due to her pregnancy. She was partnered with Kyran Bracken for the 2014 series of Dancing on Ice.
Competitive highlights
GP: Grand Prix
With Pavlov
With Stifunin
References
1978 births
Russian female ice dancers
Living people
Figure skaters from Moscow
World Junior Figure Skating Championships medalists
Universiade medalists in figure skating
Universiade silver medalists for Russia
Competitors at the 1997 Winter Universiade
Competitors at the 1999 Winter Universiade
Cumberland Township may refer to:
Cumberland Township, Adams County, Pennsylvania, USA
Cumberland Township, Greene County, Pennsylvania, USA
Cumberland Township, Ontario, which was incorporated as the City of Cumberland in 1999
See also
Cumberland (disambiguation)
Township name disambiguation pages
John Caryll (1625–1711), 1st Baron Caryll of Durford in the Jacobite Peerage, was a poet, dramatist, and diplomat; not to be confused with his nephew, John Caryll the younger, the dedicatee of Alexander Pope's The Rape of the Lock.
Caryll was born at West Harting in Sussex, England. He was head of an old English Catholic and Royalist family at that time settled in West Harting, in Sussex. His father, of whom he was heir, was likewise named John; his mother was a daughter of William, second Baron Petre. Of his education he received part at the English College of St. Omer, in Artois, part at the Venerable English College in Rome. During the reign of Charles II of England he produced several plays and poems. In poetry his chief performances were a translation of Ovid's Epistle of Briseïs to Achilles, first appearing in 1680 in a work entitled Ovid's Epistles, translated by several hands, and afterwards separately; also a translation of Virgil's first Eclogue, printed in Nichol's Select Collection of Miscellany Poems and published in 1683.
His plays, both of them brought out at the Duke of York's Theatre, were a tragedy written in 1666 and called The English Princess The English Princess, or the death of Richard III (Samuel Pepys, who saw this piece acted 7 March 1667, found it no more than "pretty good"), and a comedy entitled Sir Solomon Single, or the Cautious Coxcomb, which came out in 1671, upon the pattern of Molière's The School for Wives. In 1679, during the so-called "Popish Plot", Caryll, as a Catholic of distinction, was committed to the Tower of London, but was soon let out on bail. When James II of England succeeded to the throne in 1685, he sent Caryll as his agent to the court of Pope Innocent XI, withdrawing him some months later upon the Earl of Castlemaine's appointment to that post.
Caryll was then appointed secretary to Mary of Modena, queen of James II, in whose service he continued after the Glorious Revolution of 1688, when he followed the exiled royal family across the sea to Saint-Germain. From his voluntary expatriation, however, there ensued no confiscation of his property until 1696, when, by reason of his implication in one of the plots to overthrow William of Orange (William III), he's having furnished money for that purpose, his estate in West Harting was declared forfeited. His life interest in West Harting was thereon granted to Lord Cutts, but redeemed by Caryll's aforementioned nephew for £6,000. In exile at Saint-Germain, he was created by the dethroned James II (d. 1701) Baron Caryll of Durford (or Dunford) in West Sussex and appointed his Joint Secretary of State together with Charles Middleton, 2nd Earl of Middleton from 1694 to 1696.
His son, the so-called Old Pretender, James Francis Edward Stuart, recognised by Jacobites as "King James III and VIII" re-appointed him one of his Secretaries of State, a post which he continued to hold up until his death. Meanwhile, in 1700, Caryll published anonymously another work, this time in prose, entitled The Psalmes of David, translated from the Vulgat. He died 4 September 1711, and was buried at Paris in the church of the Scots College, of which he had been a benefactor and where there was set up a tablet to his memory. He married Margaret, a daughter and co-heir of Sir Maurice Drummond. She died in 1656. They left no children, and by a special remainder, he was succeeded in his Jacobite peerage, by his nephew, also named John Caryll. One of his sisters, Mary, became first abbess of the English Benedictine nuns in Dunkirk. The last of the Caryll in Europe, a grandson of the above-mentioned nephew, died at Dunkirk in 1788, having served as Secretary to Charles Edward Stuart, called "the Young Pretender", known by Jacobites as "King Charles III"; his younger son moved to the USA and settled in Chicago.
The Baron of Caryll of Durford (or Dunford) descendants live today in the USA. Since the family moved to the USA, they dropped one of "L" in their last name and became Caryl. Theodor and Christian Caryl are direct descendants of the lord John Caryll. Christian Caryl lives in Washington, DC; he is married and has two kids - son Timothy and daughter Alexandra Caryl. Christian Caryl is a famous journalist and writer, working in more than 56 countries and speaking 6 languages fluently.
References
1625 births
1711 deaths
People educated at Stonyhurst College
English College, Rome alumni
English dramatists and playwrights
English male dramatists and playwrights
English male poets
People from Chichester District
Sichuan University Wangjiang Campus Station is a metro station at Chengdu, Sichuan, China. It was opened on December 18, 2020 with the opening of Chengdu Metro Line 8. The station serves the nearby Wangjiang Campus of Sichuan University.
Gallery
References
Chengdu Metro stations
Railway stations in China opened in 2020
Grigori Aleksandrovich Galitsin (Russian: Григо́рий Алекса́ндрович Гали́цын, Sci: Grigorij Aleksandrovič Galicyn; also known as A. Obolenski) (1957 – 13 November 2021) was a Russian erotic photographer.
Biography
Career
Galitsin studied classical painting in Leningrad, but later turned to photography. His first camera, an early Leica model, was given to him by his grandfather who purchased it from the German army in 1947. In 1997, he was recipient of a Master Kodak Exhibition award.
In 1996, Galitsin, who by then had established himself primarily as an erotic photographer based in Volgograd, began providing content to an early Internet adult website. In 1998, he became the main content provider for the newly founded adult website, Most Erotic Teens (the predecessor of MET-ART), and also provided content for another adult site, DOMAI. In 2002, he left MET and launched the website Galitsin-Archives as a joint project with Norwegian photographer Petter Hegre. Due to a conflict with Hegre in 2004, Galitsin ended Galitsin-Archives and established his own website Galitsin-News. Galitsin also started the sister website Nud-Art in 2006.
The majority of Galitsin's photos and videos were shot in the Volgograd area, and sometimes in hotels in Moscow as well. Galitsin's apartment (the former home of poet Margarita Agashina and former Volgograd mayor Yuri Chekov) doubled as a high-tech porn studio. His activity as a pornographer was largely unknown to his neighbors, though he was noted around Volgograd for his expensive lifestyle.
Occasionally he would travel abroad with his models to countries like Egypt and India to shoot on location there.
In 2006, Galitsin filmed and photographed several models at some beach resorts and Ayurvedic massage parlours in Varkala and Papanasam, India. Indian police later became aware of the resulting videos, which had been posted on Galitsin-News, and conducted raids on a number of Varkala massage parlours on suspicion of illegal activity.
Arrest
On September 17, 2006, Galitsin and his wife Irina Aleksandrovna Pischasova (who was also one of his models, appearing under the name "Valentina") were arrested in Volgograd, accused of violating Russian Criminal Code Article 133 ("Coercion [through blackmail] to commit a sexual act") and Article 242.1 ("Manufacturing and dissemination of materials or objects containing pornographic images of minors"). On October 26, he petitioned the Russian president Vladimir Putin and asked for intervention on his behalf. According to a second letter to Putin drafted in May 2007, Galitsin was still in custody awaiting trial. Pischasova was also once again taken into custody in March. Galitsin and his wife were released from prison in early 2009, though Galitsin continued to face further charges.
As of October 2014, Galitsin, Irina, and their two children had relocated to Kalachyovsky District, where he invested his life savings in an "experimental farm". Here, Galitsin bred and raised rare breed pigs and chickens, notably Mangalica pigs. He was no longer active in professional photography, other than as documentation of his farming operation and family life.
Books
Galitsin's Angels: From Russia with Love. Munich: Edition Reuss. 2005.
References
1957 births
2021 deaths
People from Odesa Oblast
Obscenity controversies in photography
Russian erotic photographers
The Scout is a famous statue by Cyrus E. Dallin in Kansas City, Missouri. It is more than tall, and depicts a Sioux Indian on horseback surveying the landscape. The Scout was conceived by Dallin in 1910, and exhibited at the 1915 Panama–Pacific International Exposition in San Francisco, where it won a gold medal. On its way back east, the statue was installed on a temporary basis in Penn Valley Park. The statue proved so popular that in nickels and dimes was raised to purchase it through a campaign called "The Kids of Kansas City". The statue was dedicated in 1922 as a permanent memorial to local Indian tribes. It is located east of Southwest Trafficway in Penn Valley Park, which is south of downtown Kansas City.
Several area features have been named after the iconic statue, such as Kansas City Scout, which is the Kansas City metropolitan area's electronic traffic alert system. The statue inspired the name of the National Hockey League's Kansas City Scouts and was featured on the team's logo.
A half-size replica was given by Kansas City to its sister-city, Seville, Spain in 1992.
References
Buildings and structures in Kansas City, Missouri
Outdoor sculptures in Missouri
Tourist attractions in Kansas City, Missouri
Equestrian statues in Missouri
Sculptures of Native Americans
1915 sculptures
Bronze sculptures in Missouri
Statues in Missouri
Works by Cyrus Edwin Dallin
Dennis Williamson is a former professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1950s and 1960s. He played at club level for Whitehaven (two spells), and Wakefield Trinity (Heritage № 675), as a , i.e. number 11 or 12, during the era of contested scrums.
Playing career
Challenge Cup Final appearances
Dennis Williamson played right-, i.e. number 12, in Wakefield Trinity's 12-6 victory over Huddersfield in the 1961–62 Challenge Cup Final during the 1961–62 season at Wembley Stadium, London on Saturday 12 May 1962.
References
External links
Search for "Williamson" at rugbyleagueproject.org
Wakefield Win Cup 1962
Living people
English rugby league players
Place of birth missing (living people)
Rugby league second-rows
Wakefield Trinity players
Whitehaven R.L.F.C. players
Year of birth missing (living people)
First United Methodist Church is a historic church at 306 Tuskeena Street in Wetumpka, Alabama. It was built in 1854 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
See also
Historical Marker Database
References
External links
Methodist churches in Alabama
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
National Register of Historic Places in Elmore County, Alabama
Greek Revival church buildings in Alabama
Italianate architecture in Alabama
Churches completed in 1854
Churches in Elmore County, Alabama
Historic American Buildings Survey in Alabama
1854 establishments in Alabama
Italianate church buildings in the United States
Vasili Bogazianos (born February 1, 1945) is an American actor, best known for his role as Benny Sago #2 on the television series All My Children, which he played from 1980 to 1990.
He began his television career by playing the small role of Mickey Dials, alias Tobias, on The Edge of Night. Later, he was hired to replace actor Lawrence Fleischman in the role of Benny.
He had a recurring role on Home Improvement as Antonio, a rude and sarcastic waiter at an Italian restaurant.
He has also appeared on the California-produced serial Days of Our Lives as well as The Young and the Restless and, in 2004, spent a number of months on As the World Turns in the recurring role of gym manager Bud Simpson.
He returned to All My Children for the funeral of Phoebe Wallingford (Ruth Warrick) in 2005.
Filmography
External links
American male soap opera actors
Male actors from New York (state)
1945 births
Living people
Batrachorhina orientalis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1956. It is known from Uganda and Tanzania.
References
Batrachorhina
Beetles described in 1956
Luff Nunatak () is a narrow nunatak, long, located west of Foster Nunatak in the Manning Nunataks of Antarctica, in the eastern part of the Amery Ice Shelf. The Manning Nunataks were photographed by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump (1946–47) and the Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions (ANARE) (1957). They were visited by the Soviet Antarctic Expedition in 1965 and ANARE in 1969. The nunatak was named by the Antarctic Names Committee of Australia for T.S. Luff, a senior diesel mechanic at Mawson Station in 1970, and a member of the ANARE glaciological traverse party on the Amery Ice Shelf in January 1970.
References
Nunataks of Mac. Robertson Land
British Assyrians are British people of Assyrian descent or Assyrians who have British citizenship.
They are indigenous to present-day northern Iraq, southeast Turkey, northwestern Iran and Syria. They speak Syriac and are predominantly Christian.
Concentrations of Assyrians are found in Greenford and in Hanwell, both towns within the London Borough of Ealing. Assyrians in the UK and other western countries mostly migrated from Iran, Iraq, Jordan, and Syria. Migration was largely triggered by long standing ethnic and religious persecution in their homeland.
Religion, ethnicity and culture
Assyrians today still Aramaic as a mother tongue. They descend from the ancient Arameans. They are the indigenous population of their ancestral Assyrian homeland in what is today northern Iraq, southeastern Turkey, northeastern Syria and northwestern Iran.
Assyrian people are mostly Christian; they fall into a number of Eastern Rite Churches whose services are conducted in classical Syriac, the most common being the Ancient Church of the East, the Assyrian Church of the East, Chaldean Catholic Church and Syriac Orthodox Church.
A Chaldean Catholic Church is rented in Acton, London. The Assyrian Church of the East have its own church, The Ancient Church of the East rent a hall and one Club exist are owned by the Assyrians in South Ealing. The priest of the Chaldean Church is currently Father Habib al-Noufaly. The former Chaldean priest was Father Andreas, now a bishop, ordained in Rome by the Pope in 2004.
Immigration history
The earliest recorded Assyrian in the UK was Hormuzd Rassam the famed archaeologist and politician. He became a diplomat in the UK in the mid-19th century and settled in Brighton. The theologian Louis Cheikho spent time in the United Kingdom in the late 19th century also. The theologian and orientalist Alphonse Mingana was also a notable early arrival in the Edwardian period. Assyrians have traditionally migrated to Britain from their ancestral homelands in northern Iraq, south eastern Turkey, north eastern Syria and north western Iran.
Modern times
Many more Assyrians fled Iraq for the UK during the rule of the Baathist regime from 1963-2003 due to racial persecution, the Baathist Arabs pursuing a policy of forced Arabisation upon the Pre-Arab Assyrians, together with bouts of ethnic cleansing and forced relocations. A further influx occurred as a result of the al-Anfal Campaign against Iraqi minorities in the 1980s, and again after the Gulf War (1990–91).
Following the Invasion of Iraq in 2003, more Assyrians fled to the UK in the face of increased religious and ethnic persecution from Arab Islamists and Kurdish Nationalists, including bombing of churches, random killings, violent harassment, death threats and kidnappings.
In recent years, the Assyrians have received support from a number of parliamentarians, in particular MP Steven Pound of Ealing and Lord Hylton. Issues raised included the racial and religious persecution of Assyrians by both Kurds and Arabs, and a brief outline of their history since the "Great Game". Assyrians received increased media coverage with the kidnapping and death of a Chaldean Catholic Bishop in Iraq.
Other groups of Assyrians have fled Iran due to religious persecution, Syria and northern Iraq due to ethnic discrimination and the recent civil war, where they are violently targeted for ethnic cleansing by the Islamists of ISIL, and also Turkey due to both ethnic and religious discrimination.
Assyrians in London have formed a football club, FC Ealing Assyrians.
See also
Assyrian/Chaldean/Syriac diaspora
British Iraqis
References
Britain
Ethnic groups in the United Kingdom
British people of Assyrian descent
Assyria
Do I Sound Gay? is a 2014 American documentary film by David Thorpe that explores the existence and accuracy of stereotypes about the speech patterns of gay men, and the ways in which one's degree of conformity to the stereotype can contribute to internalized homophobia. Other figures participating in the film include Dan Savage, George Takei, David Sedaris, Tim Gunn, and Margaret Cho, as well as University of Toronto linguist Ron Smyth.
The film was funded in part by a Kickstarter campaign in the spring of 2014.
Synopsis
David Thorpe becomes concerned that his gay-sounding voice is limiting his opportunities in life. He visits two speech therapists to evaluate his condition and help him gain control of his speaking voice. Eventually he realizes that he intentionally changed his voice at about age 17 when he came out and wanted others to know he was gay.
Participants
David Thorpe
Dan Savage
George Takei
David Sedaris
Margaret Cho
Tim Gunn
Don Lemon
Jeff Hiller
Michael Airington
Ron Smyth
Robert Corff
Miguel Gutierrez
Richard Barrios
Production
Director David Thorpe had always been self-conscious about his voice. When Thorpe did not have a lot of confidence, he described his voice as "I felt bad about being effeminate and how my voice was the leading edge of my effeminacy". Production of Do I Sound Gay? was crowdfunded through a Kickstarter campaign launched by Thorpe on April 30, 2014. The campaign would go on to raise $120,573 out of $115,000 goal with 1,968 backers.
Release
Box office
Do I Sound Gay? opened theatrically in one venue on July 10, 2015, and earned $10,461 in its first weekend. At the end of its run, six weeks later on August 20, the film had expanded to 18 theaters and grossed $108,620 domestically.
Critical reception
On the review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 81% based on 47 reviews, with an average rating of 6.54/10. The website's critical consensus reads, "Do I Sound Gay? proves to be a light, affable, entertaining look at a largely unexplored issue". Metacritic, which uses a weighted average, assigned the film a score of 65 out of 100, based on 16 critics, indicating "Generally favorable reviews".
Leslie Felperin writing for The Guardian said that, "the point is inclusiveness, not conclusiveness, and that makes this open, honest and endearingly slapdash work especially interesting". Writing for Variety, Andrew Barker wrote that, "The film does lose its way at times, especially during its long look at the evolution of cinematic gay stereotypes — still a worthwhile subject of study, though one that's been explored more thoroughly elsewhere — and the ending is a little pat". Sara Stewart of New York Post wrote, "Thorpe does elicit entertaining, thoughtful and sometimes deeply sad insights".
Gary Goldstein of the Los Angeles Times wrote, "Thorpe's topic might have been better served in a broader-based documentary about LGBT stereotypes than as the basis for an entire film". Danielle Davenport of the One Room With A View said that, "On the whole, Do I Sound Gay? is didactic and empowering, but not overly rigorous; its encouraging premise is not entirely satisfied". Clayton Dillard of Slant Magazine called Do I Sound Gay? "a film that only superficially engages its topic, preferring communal confirmation over more rigorous, troubled grapplings".
Accolades
The film was first runner-up for the People's Choice Award for Best Documentary at the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival. Do I Sound Gay? won Best Documentary Feature at the 2015 KASHISH Mumbai International Queer Film Festival.
See also
Gay male speech
References
External links
2014 documentary films
2014 LGBT-related films
2014 films
American documentary films
American LGBT-related films
Documentary films about gay men
Kickstarter-funded documentaries
LGBT linguistics
Documentary films about words and language
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
The Heartland Café is an album released by Swedish pop group Gyllene Tider on 17 February 1984. The group's first recorded foray into the English language, The Heartland Café was the second album to feature vocalist Marie Fredriksson singing back-up and proved to be a precursor to the Swedish super-duo Roxette, which consists of Fredriksson and Gyllene Tider's lead singer, Per Gessle. The album peaked at No. 18 on the Swedish albums chart.
Planning and Recording
Planning for The Heartland Café began after Gessle had released and publicized a solo album. It also followed a hiatus of sorts for the band. In liner notes written for a re-issue of the album in 1990, Gessle wrote, "Rehearsals were very sporadic, we almost didn't hang out at all, we were very sick of each other after many intense years."
In preparing to reassemble for an album, the members decided to step into English-language rock. Released by EMI Records, The Heartland Café was made in part to satisfy an interest expressed by label affiliate U.S. Capitol Records in the band due to its popularity in Sweden and its catchy pop/rock sound.
According to Gessle, preliminary demo recording and composition occurred in the band's native Halmstad, and the band recorded the album itself in Stockholm, finishing near Christmas 1983.
The Release
EMI released The Heartland Café in early 1984. Despite what Gessle claimed was lacklustre interest on the part of EMI itself, U.S. Capitol took six of the 11 tracks from the album and combined them on to an extended-play (EP) record (Mini-album) in the United States under the abridged title Heartland. In preparing for international release, Capitol requested that the members come up with a less indigenous name — Gyllene Tider is Swedish for "golden age". They decided on the title of a 1975 Dr. Feelgood song, "Roxette".
As a result, many Roxette fans consider Heartland the first true Roxette release even though it was not full-length and did not feature Fredriksson and Gessle up front. It would be another two and a half years before Roxette in its final form would release a full-length album, 1986's Pearls of Passion.
The Aftermath
While a milestone in the history of Roxette, The Heartland Café is considered a mild success in the history of Gyllene Tider, having sold 45,000 copies in its first distribution. The band toured briefly to support the album, but Gessle claimed that international distributors other than Capitol were not interested in it. In the United States, "I think it sold 8,000 copies or so", he wrote. Despite the disappointing sales, Gessle continued, "I remember what a kick it was to find us in our own slot (in front of Roxy Music) at Tower Records in L.A.!"
But The Heartland Café would prove to be a stopping point for the band. "Problems arose", Gessle wrote. Anders Herrlin wanted to move to Stockholm. I wanted to make another Swedish solo album. Money was getting short for everyone.… Almost a year went by, and nothing really happened." Though one song was recorded in that time that ultimately ended up on Gessle's next solo album, it would be another 11 years before the members of Gyllene Tider recorded another song, "She Doesn't Live Here Anymore" — this time featured on Roxette's 1995 greatest-hits compilation, Don't Bore Us, Get to the Chorus! — and toured again and then another eight years before the band united to record another album, Finn 5 fel!.
Track listing
Swedish release
"Heartland"
"Run Run Run"
"Break Another Heart"
"Teaser Japanese"
"Another Place, Another Time"
"Demon Emptiness"
"Dreaming"
"When Love's on the Phone (You Just Have to Answer)"
"Can You Touch Me?"
"Even If It Hurts (It's Alright)"
"Heartland Café"
United States release (6 Song "Mini-Album)
"Run Run Run"
"Break Another Heart"
"Teaser Japanese"
"Another Place, Another Time"
"Dreaming"
"When Love's on the Phone (You Just Have to Answer)"
Additional tracks on the 1990 CD re-issue
(These songs were recorded in the same sessions as the others but not included on the original album.)
"Kiss From a Stranger"
"Young Girl"
"Anytime"
"Mr. Twilight"
"Rock On" (re-make of 1973 David Essex)
Credits
Producer: Lasse Lindbom
Arranged by: Gyllene Tider
The band:
Per Gessle - Lead vocals, backing vocals, drum programming
Mats "MP" Persson - Electric & acoustic guitars, mandolin, synthesizer, grand piano, trumpet
Anders Herrlin - Electric bass, synthesizer
Micke "Syd" Andersson - Drums, backing vocals, percussion, synthesizer,
Göran Fritzon - Grand piano, synthesizer, percussion. drum programming
Guest musicians:
Erik Strandh - Accordion
Lasse Lindbom - Backing vocals, percussion, chimes
Marie Fredriksson - Backing vocals
Niklas Strömstedt - Backing vocals
Atsuko Katsube - Reading & writing of Japanese poem
Bengt Palmers - String arrangements
Gunnar Lööf - Morse signals
Anne-Lie Rydé - Lead vocals
References
1984 albums
1990 albums
Gyllene Tider albums
South Wales Central () is an electoral region of the Senedd, consisting of eight constituencies. The region elects 12 members, eight directly elected constituency members and four additional members. The electoral region was first used in 1999, when the National Assembly for Wales was created.
Each constituency elects one Member of the Senedd (MSs) by the first past the post electoral system, and the region as a whole elects four additional or top-up MSs, to create a degree of proportional representation. The additional member seats are allocated from closed lists by the D'Hondt method, with constituency results reckoned as pre elected list members.
County boundaries
The region covers much of the preserved county of Mid Glamorgan and much of the preserved county of South Glamorgan. The rest of Mid Glamorgan is partly within the South Wales East electoral region and partly within South Wales West. The rest of South Glamorgan is within the South Wales West electoral region.
Electoral region profile
The region is predominantly urban, taking in Wales' capital and largest city, Cardiff, as well as the working-class former mining town of Pontypridd, the seaside resort of Barry, and parts of the formerly industrial and still heavily populated South Wales Valleys. However, the region also includes rural areas in the western part of the Vale of Glamorgan.
Constituencies
The eight constituencies have the names and boundaries of constituencies of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom (Westminster):
Assembly members and Members of the Senedd
Constituency MSs
Regional list AMs and MSs
N.B. This table is for presentation purposes only
2021 Senedd election
2021 Senedd election additional members
Regional MSs elected in 2021
2016 Welsh Assembly election additional members
Regional AMs elected in 2016
2011 Welsh Assembly election additional members
Regional AMs elected in 2011
† Replaced John Dixon, who was disqualified for being a member of a public body to which AMs cannot belong.
2007 Welsh Assembly election additional members
2003 Welsh Assembly election additional members
1999 Welsh Assembly election additional members
Notes
Senedd electoral regions
is a Japanese professional baseball pitcher who is currently a free agent. He has played in Nippon Professional Baseball (NPB) for the Saitama Seibu Lions.
Career
Saitama Seibu Lions selected Tawata with the first selection in the .
On May 14, 2016, Tawata made his NPB debut.
On October 10, 2018, he was selected Japan national baseball team at the 2018 MLB Japan All-Star Series.
On December 2, 2020, he become a free agent.
References
External links
NPB.com
1993 births
Living people
Baseball people from Okinawa Prefecture
Japanese baseball players
Nippon Professional Baseball pitchers
Saitama Seibu Lions players
Damodar Gautam Sawang is the chairman of Andhra Pradesh Public Service Commission and a former Director General of Police, Andhra Pradesh.
Sawang served as the Director General of Police, Andhra Pradesh from 31 May 2019 to 15 February 2022.
Sawang is a Regular Recruit of the Indian Police Service belonging to the 1986 batch and allocated to the Andhra Pradesh Police cadre. After the bifurcation of Andhra Pradesh, Sawang was retained in the residual Andhra Pradesh State.
Many police officers have been groomed by Sawang during his posting in Warangal, including Stephen Raveendra.
References
1963 births
Living people
Indian police chiefs
People from Vijayawada
Telugu people
Indian Police Service officers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Andhra Pradesh Police
The 2020 United States presidential election in Maryland was held on Tuesday, November 3, 2020, as part of the 2020 United States presidential election in which all 50 states plus the District of Columbia participated. Maryland voters chose electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote, pitting the Republican Party's nominee, incumbent President Donald Trump, and running mate Vice President Mike Pence against Democratic Party nominee, former Vice President Joe Biden, and his running mate California Senator Kamala Harris. Maryland has 10 electoral votes in the Electoral College.
Biden easily carried Maryland 65.4% to 32.2%, a margin of 33.2%, better than Hillary Clinton's 26.4% in 2016. Prior to the election, all news organizations considered Maryland "Safe Biden". Maryland has been a Democratic stronghold since 1992. Biden carried Montgomery, Prince George's, Howard, and Baltimore counties, and the city of Baltimore, with 78.6%, 89.3%, 70.7%, 62.3%, and 87.3% of the vote, respectively. He continued the Democrats' longstanding dominance of the Baltimore-Washington axis. While Republicans typically win more counties by running up huge margins in more rural western Maryland and the Eastern Shore, the Baltimore-Washington area casts over three-fourths of the state's vote, making it extremely difficult for a Republican to carry Maryland, and the 2020 election was no different. While Trump won 14 of Maryland's 24 county-level jurisdictions, Biden won the six largest jurisdictions, all of which are part of the Baltimore-Washington area–Montgomery, Prince George's, Anne Arundel, Howard and Baltimore counties and Baltimore City–by over a million votes, more than enough to carry the state.
Per exit polls by the Associated Press, Biden's strength in Maryland came from 94% of African-Americans, who represented 28% of the electorate. 74% of voters believed the criminal justice system needed a complete overhaul or major changes, and they opted for Biden by 73%. Biden won all other demographic groups; winning 52% of Whites, 69% of Latinos, 79% of Jews, 54% of Protestants, and 51% of Catholics.
Biden flipped the Washington, D.C.-area exurban county of Frederick County, as well as Talbot County—home to Easton—Democratic for the first time since 1964. He also flipped Kent County, located on the Eastern Shore, voting Democratic for the first time since 2008. In a third county on the Eastern Shore, Wicomico, Biden failed to prevail but nevertheless held Trump to the first plurality (rather than majority) win for a Republican nominee since 1996.
Biden's performance was the strongest in Maryland since fellow Democrat Horatio Seymour did marginally better in 1868. In terms of statewide vote share, Trump performed worse than any Republican since 1912, when the national Republican vote was split by former President Theodore Roosevelt's third-party run against both President William Howard Taft and New Jersey Governor Woodrow Wilson. Even landslide losers Herbert Hoover in 1932, Alf Landon in 1936, and Barry Goldwater in 1964 managed higher vote shares than Trump's 32.15%. Apart from 1912, only in the antebellum elections of 1856 and 1860 did the Republican nominee perform worse in the state than Trump did in 2020.
All but one county in the state swung to the left, the lone exception being Somerset County which shifted right by 3.19%. The Republican presidential vote share has now declined for four elections in a row in the Old Line State, the longest such run of declines for either party in any state. It was also one of five states in the nation in which Biden's victory margin was larger than 1 million raw votes, the others being California, New York, Massachusetts and Illinois.
Primary elections
The primary elections were originally scheduled for April 28, 2020. On March 17, they were moved to June 2 due to concerns over the COVID-19 pandemic.
Republican primary
Donald Trump won the Republican primary, and thus received all of the state's 38 delegates to the 2020 Republican National Convention.
Democratic primary
Green primary
General election
Predictions
Polling
Graphical summary
Aggregate polls
Polls
with Donald Trump and Michael Bloomberg
with Donald Trump and Pete Buttigieg
with Donald Trump and Tulsi Gabbard
with Donald Trump and Amy Klobuchar
with Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders
with Donald Trump and Tom Steyer
with Donald Trump and Elizabeth Warren
with Donald Trump and Generic Democrat
Results
Results by county
Counties that flipped from Republican to Democratic
Frederick (the largest municipality: Frederick)
Kent (the largest municipality: Chestertown)
Talbot (the largest municipality: Easton)
Results by congressional district
Biden won 7 of the state's 8 congressional districts.
See also
United States presidential elections in Maryland
2020 United States presidential election
2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries
2020 Republican Party presidential primaries
2020 United States elections
Notes
References
Further reading
External links
(state affiliate of the U.S. League of Women Voters)
Maryland
2020
Presidential
The Gokhale Institute of Public Affairs (GIPA) was founded by D. V. Gundappa on 15 August 1948. He was inspired by Gopal Krishna Gokhale's idea of public spirituality and established this institute to further public spiritual health. It is in Basavanagudi, Bangalore, Karnataka, India.
Today it is famous for arranging talks on various aspects of public life and spirituality by noted philosophers such as Belagere Krishna Shastry, Shatavadhani R.Ganesh, Bannanje Govindacharya, Narayanacharya, Gururaj Karajagi, Ganesh Bhat Hobli, Jayatheerthacharya Malagi, Natesh and others. The institute also provides a large library for those interested in referential studies. It also offers the different talks done in its premises as CDs for sale. It is also associated with people such as Nittoor Srinivasa Rau.
References
External links
Gokhale Institute of Public Affairs
Organisations based in Bangalore
Organizations established in 1948
1948 establishments in India
The 2019–20 season is Lanús' 29th consecutive season in the top division of Argentine football. In addition to the Primera División, the club are competing in the Copa Argentina, Copa de la Superliga and Copa Sudamericana.
The season generally covers the period from 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2020.
Review
Pre-season
Young right winger Matías Vera was Lanús' first departure, as he agreed to be loaned to Barracas Central on 7 June 2019; Leandro Maciel also left on loan, joining Aldosivi five days later. Barracas Central signed another player from Lanús, with forward Rodrigo Pacheco agreeing permanent terms with the newly-promoted Primera B Nacional team on 11 June. On the same day, the club announced their first incoming - Ezequiel Muñoz from La Liga's Leganés. Agustín Rossi joined the club on loan from Boca Juniors on 12 June. A third transaction with Barracas Central was confirmed on 21 June, with Marcos Pinto agreeing to join them on loan from 3 July. Further players departed Lanús on loan on 22 June, as Marcos Astina and Leonardo Flores penned contracts with Atlanta.
Luciano Abecasis completed a move from Godoy Cruz on 26 June. Matías Ibáñez was loaned to Patronato on 29 June. Numerous loans from the previous campaign officially expired on and around 30 June. They were due to meet 3 de Febrero in a pre-season friendly on that same day, but the match was cancelled a day prior. Atlético de Rafaela snapped up Júnior Mendieta and Alan Bonansea from Lanús on 3 July. Barracas Central formalised a fourth signing from the club, a third on loan, on 4 July as Enzo Ortiz headed off across Buenos Aires. Gabriel Ramírez moved to Quilmes on 5 July. Lanús and Atlético Nacional played out a goalless exhibition draw on 6 July, in front of 18,122 fans. Sergio González went to Independiente Rivadavia on 8 July.
José Sand and Pablo Martínez scored goals in separate friendlies with Gimnasia y Esgrima on 10 July as the club secured back-to-back wins. Fernando Barrientos was loaned to Guaraní on 10 July, as Sebastián Ribas also left on loan on 11 July to Rosario Central. Nicolás Orsini was transferred to Lanús from Sarmiento on 12 July. Patronato got the better of Lanús across two exhibition matches on 13 July. On 14 July, Facundo Monteseirin switched Lanús for San Martín. A second loan incoming came on 17 July in River Plate's Carlos Auzqui. Also on that date, they shared victories in friendly matches with Arsenal de Sarandí.
July
An injury time strike from Marcelino Moreno saw Lanús progress through the Copa Argentina round of thirty-two on 20 July, as they eliminated Independiente Rivadavia of Primera B Nacional. Guillermo Acosta, days after featuring in the Copa Argentina match, headed to Atlético Tucumán on 25 July; seven months after Lanús had signed him from Tucumán. Lanús and Gimnasia y Esgrima shared the points on day one of the 2019–20 Primera División, with Lautaro Valenti netting on his league bow for Granate. Jorge Valdez Chamorro went to Atlanta on 31 July.
August
Lanús conceded three goals in a fixture away to River Plate in the league on 4 August. Nahuel Tecilla, to join former teammates Valdez Chamorro, Astina and Flores, signed for Atlanta on 7 August. Lanús put four past Barracas Central across two friendly games on 9 August. On 18 August, Lanús defeated Vélez Sarsfield 3–1 for their first Primera División win of the season. Lanús drew 1–1 with Defensores de Belgrano in a mid-season friendly on 21 August. Lanús made it six points from a possible six across their last two matches on 25 August, after Carlos Auzqui and Lautaro Acosta scored to give them victory over Unión Santa Fe. On 30 August, Lanús won their third consecutive league match after beating Central Córdoba at home.
September
An exhibition game with Almagro opened September for Lanús, as a brace from José Luis Sinisterra was followed by a goal from Gastón Lodico as they achieved a 3–1 win on 3 September.
Squad
Transfers
Domestic transfer windows:3 July 2019 to 24 September 201920 January 2020 to 19 February 2020.
Transfers in
Transfers out
Loans in
Loans out
Friendlies
Pre-season
Lanús agreed a pre-season friendly with Atlético Nacional in early June, with the fixture announced to take place at the Estadio Atanasio Girardot in Medellín, Colombia on 4 July 2019. Later friendlies were subsequently set with Argentine Primera División trio Gimnasia y Esgrima, Patronato and Arsenal de Sarandí. Lanús revealed a friendly with 3 de Febrero for 30 June, with the match taking place in Ciudad del Este; where they were having a training camp. However, the meeting was cancelled on 29 June.
Mid-season
Lanús and Barracas Central would meet in a friendly on 9 August in Ezeiza. Defensores de Belgrano would visit Lanús on 21 August, with Almagro doing the same on 3 September.
Competitions
Primera División
League table
Relegation table
Source: AFA
Results summary
Matches
The fixtures for the 2019–20 campaign were released on 10 July.
Copa Argentina
Lanús versus Independiente Rivadavia, in the Copa Argentina R32, was scheduled for the Estadio Julio Humberto Grondona, a neutral stadium as is normal in the cup, in Avellaneda on 20 July 2019. After defeating the Primera B Nacional team, Lanús were drawn to face Argentinos Juniors in the round of sixteen.
Copa de la Superliga
Copa Sudamericana
Squad statistics
Appearances and goals
Statistics accurate as of 31 August 2019.
Goalscorers
Notes
References
Club Atlético Lanús seasons
Lanús
Franklin Hall in Goodwell, Oklahoma, USA, built during 1909-10 by a local contractor, has been used in various ways for housing throughout its history. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places listings in Texas County, Oklahoma in 2007 with the alternate name Girls' Dormitory/Boys' Dormitory.
It is a by concrete building with a moderately sloped hipped asphalt roof, and has no particular architectural style. It was built, along with two church buildings, in an effort to get the state legislature's approval for an agricultural high school to be located in Goodwell. The school was approved and was named the "Panhandle Agricultural Institute", later renamed to "Panhandle Agriculture and Mechanical College" and eventually in 1974, to Oklahoma Panhandle State University.
Originally the building housed students, faculty, and the president of the school and his family. It soon became the Girls' Dormitory, with males housed in tents nearby. In 1914 a second residential building, also named the Girls' Dormitory and later named Earle Hall, was built and housed the females plus the president and family. The Franklin Hall building became the Boys' Dormitory and was renamed to Franklin Hall in the mid-1920s. After World War II, it was converted into 12 apartments for married students, and occasionally faculty. Eventually it became housing for honor students. Building code deficiencies led to the building being mostly vacant from 2004 to the time of its NRHP nomination in 2007.
The building was deemed significant for its association with higher education. It is the only building surviving from the time of the school's founding.
References
School buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Oklahoma
Buildings and structures in Texas County, Oklahoma
1910 establishments in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places in Texas County, Oklahoma
Oklahoma Panhandle State University
"Rain Over Me" is a song by Cuban-American rapper Pitbull from his sixth studio album, Planet Pit. It features vocals from Puerto Rican-American singer Marc Anthony. The song was written by Pitbull, RedOne, Marc Anthony, Bilal "The Chef" Hajji, AJ Janussi and Rachid "Rush" Aziz. It was also produced by RedOne, Rush and Jimmy Joker. It was released on June 10, 2011, as the third promotional single from the album and received a full release as the album's third official single on June 8, 2011.
It charted at number 30 on the US Billboard Hot 100. The song also became Pitbull's second number one single on the Billboard Hot Latin Songs chart as well his first number-one single on the Tropical Songs. In addition, it is Marc Anthony's sixth number-one single on the Hot Latin Songs and twentieth number-one single on the Tropical Songs, reclaiming his position as having the artist with the most number-one Tropical Songs chart after a two-year tie with Víctor Manuelle. The music video was directed by David Rosseau, who also directed a previous Pitbull single, "I Know You Want Me (Calle Ocho)" in 2009. The song is featured on the dance rhythm game, Just Dance 2020.
Background and composition
"Rain Over Me" is a dance song produced by RedOne, David Rush and Jimmy Joker. It contains dramatic "disco-rave" synths. According to Robert Copsey of Digital Spy the song is "a step outside his [Pitbull's] usual robotic sound. Bill Lamb of About.com noted that both Pitbull and Marc Anthony are of Latin Caribbean descent, referring to the song as a "superstar Latin Caribbean duet".
Music video
The music video was released onto Pitbull's official Vevo channel on July 22, 2011. The video was directed by David Rousseau. It features both Pitbull and Marc Anthony in the desert along with actress Natalie Martinez, with many water effects.
On April 13, 2020, the video surpassed the 1 billion views mark, thus making it in the first 200 YouTube videos to reach this milestone. This is the third and second video to accomplish this feat for Pitbull and Marc Anthony in that order respectively.
Track listing
Digital download
"Rain Over Me" – 3:51
German maxi CD single
"Rain Over Me" (Album Version)
Other remixes
"Rain Over Me" (Benny Benassi Remix) – 5:16
"Rain Over Me" (Jorge Duran Remix) – 2:53
"Rain Over Me" (Laidback Luke Remix) — 6:15
Credits and personnel
Pitbull – songwriter, vocals
RedOne – songwriter, producer, instruments, programming and vocal editing
Marc Anthony – songwriter, lead vocals and backing vocals
Bilal "The Chef" Hajji – songwriter
AJ Janussi – songwriter, vocal editing and recording
Rachid "Rush" Aziz – songwriter producer, instruments and programming
Jimmy Joker – producer, instruments and programming
Trevor Muzzy – vocal editing, recording and mixing
Al Burna – Pitbull vocal recording
Tom Coyne – mastering
Credits adapted from Planet Pit album liner notes.
Charts
Weekly Charts
Year-end charts
All-time charts
Certifications
Release history
See also
List of number-one Billboard Top Latin Songs of 2011
List of number-one Billboard Hot Tropical Songs of 2011
List of Romanian Top 100 number ones of the 2010s
References
External links
2011 singles
2011 songs
Pitbull (rapper) songs
Marc Anthony songs
Eurodance songs
Number-one singles in Romania
Number-one singles in Spain
Song recordings produced by RedOne
Songs written by Pitbull (rapper)
Songs written by RedOne
Songs written by Marc Anthony
Songs written by Bilal Hajji
Dance-pop songs
Songs written by AJ Junior
Sakarya, Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Polatlı District
Rodrigo Alves da Cruz (born 10 September 1995), commonly known as Pelezinho, is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a forward for Cianorte.
Career statistics
Club
Honours
Cianorte
Campeonato Paranaense 2ª Divisão: 2016
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Association football forwards
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série D players
Cianorte Futebol Clube players
Brusque Futebol Clube players
Clube Náutico Marcílio Dias players
Associação Chapecoense de Futebol players
Clube Atlético Tubarão players
Esporte Clube Bahia players
Grêmio Esportivo Brasil players
Tony Franks (born 1940) is an English ceramic artist. He was born in Birmingham, and studied ceramics at Wolverhampton College of Art from 1962 until 1966. He was previously Head of Ceramics, and is now an Emeritus Professor and Research Fellow at Edinburgh College of Art. Until 2007 he was the President of the International Academy of Ceramics. In 2008, he is one of the British artists invited to create work on site for the British pavilion at the FLICAM International Ceramic Art Museum, Shaanxi province, China.
Awards
Poisson d'Or, 4th International Contemporary Porcelain Triennial, Nyon 1995
Honorary Doctor of Arts, University of Wolverhampton
References
English ceramicists
Edinburgh College of Art
Academics of the University of Edinburgh
People from Birmingham, West Midlands
1940 births
Living people
Edison School District 54JT is a school district headquartered in Yoder, an unincorporated area in El Paso County, Colorado.
The district serves a portion of Pueblo County.
Its schools include;
Edison Elementary School
Edison Middle School and High School (a.k.a. Edison Secondary)
Alternative high school programs: Edison Academy and Edison Prep
References
External links
School districts in Colorado
Education in El Paso County, Colorado
Education in Pueblo County, Colorado
Wang Ao (), courtesy name Fangxu (), pseudonym Shouxi (), born in Suzhou, Jiangsu province, was an official who lived in the Qing dynasty.
Life
In 1723, during the reign of the Yongzheng Emperor, he passed the provincial civil service examination under the imperial examination system. Later, he was appointed as the magistrate in Liaoning. He was very fair and impartial during his term of office and earned great admiration from local people.
After Wang had retired as the magistrate, he was invited to teach in the White Deer Grotto Academy. During his teaching time, he launched an article called Deer Grotto Note (), which was included in the White Deer Grotto Shu Yuan Zhi ().
Hobbies
Wang was fond of writing calligraphy, composing poems and writing articles. He did a good job in these fields and won a lot of praise.
References
Qing dynasty politicians from Jiangsu
Artists from Suzhou
Writers from Suzhou
Qing dynasty poets
Qing dynasty calligraphers
Qing dynasty essayists
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Politicians from Suzhou
Poets from Jiangsu
A rebar spacer is a device that secures the reinforcing steel or "rebar" in reinforced concrete structures as the rebar is assembled in place prior to the final concrete pour. The spacers are left in place for the pour to keep the reinforcing in place, and become a part of the structure.
The main categories of rebar spacers are:
Linear Spacers (Π-section profiles, H-section profiles, or other 3 dimensional shapes),
Point Spacers (wheel spacers, various tower or chair-like shapes)
Rebar spacers can be divided in three raw materials categories:
Concrete spacers
Plastic spacers
Metal spacers
The concrete spacers have the advantage of the same raw material which will improve the watertightness and strength of the concrete. Plastic spacers have the advantage of the low-cost production and fast processing.
Function
The engineering study of every reinforced concrete construction, whether it is a building, a bridge, a bearing wall or other structure, predicts the positioning of steel rebars at specific positions in the volume of concrete (predicted concrete cover of steel reinforcement bars). This cover typically varies between 10 and 100 mm. The statics of every concrete construction are designed in such a way that steel and concrete properties are combined in order to achieve the maximum possible strength for the particular construction (e.g. anti-earthquake protection) as well as to prevent the long-term corrosion of steel that would weaken the construction. Rebar spacers secure the correct position of steel, thus assisting in the practical application of the theoretical specifications of concrete construction. The cover of the steel of a particular construction element (for example in a concrete slab or a beam) should be generally uniform within the element.
The use of spacers is particularly important in areas with high earthquake activity in combination with corrosive environment (like proximity to salt water of sea), as for example Japan, Iran, Greece, California etc.
Plastic versus concrete spacers and bar supports
Plastic spacers and bar supports
Plastic spacers and bar supports do not bond well with concrete, and are not compatible materials. Plastic has mechanical properties (holds the bar in position) but no structural properties, and is a foreign element within the construction.
When the concrete is poured into the form, a small gap is created between it and the plastic. Plastic has a coefficient of thermal expansion and contraction 10 to 15 times that of concrete, and when subjected to temperature variations, the plastic continues to expand and contract at that higher coefficient. At high temperatures, plastic can even melt. The result is a separation between the spacers and the poured concrete, creating a free passage for corrosive agents to reach the steel reinforcement from the exterior of the concrete product. This will cause the steel – and eventually the concrete – to corrode.
If steam curing is applied to the concrete, the heat in the curing process causes the plastic to expand while the concrete is relatively fresh and weak. After reaching the maximum curing temperature and volume expansion of the plastic, the temperature is held at this level until the concrete reaches the desired strength. After curing, the subsequent lower temperatures cause the plastic to contract, and a gap remains at the interface between the plastic and concrete.
Plastic spacers are also subject to corrosion when they come into contact with chlorides and chemicals, where concrete has a much higher resistance.
Concrete spacers and bar supports
Concrete spacers and bar supports are made of the same material as the poured concrete, so thermal expansion and contraction are equal. Because they are the same material, the concrete and spacers will bond with no gaps.
Concrete spacers and bar supports help maintain material integrity and uniformity of the concrete, and provide a cover over the reinforcement that protects against corrosion.
Concrete spacers with a plastic clip or other fixing mechanism
Concrete spacers with a plastic clip or fixing mechanism do not have a negative effect on material integrity, and do not weaken the corrosion protective cover over the reinforcement.
The plastic clip or fixing mechanism is hinged from the top of the spacer and does not come into contact with the soffit of the concrete. The plastic clip or fixing mechanism is embedded only 5 mm into the spacer, which maintains the material integrity at the product's surface. The plastic in the clip or fixing mechanism is used only for easily attaching to and holding the reinforcement, leaving the concrete part to do the work of the spacer.
Economics
Not only do plastic spacers offer no compatibility with the materials used in civil engineering structures, they also can only hold a fraction of the weight a concrete spacer can, therefore more plastic spacers would need to be used to cover the same amount of reinforcement (the ratio is normally 1 to 2, but will increase if the weight of the rebar structure is increased, ratios of up to 3 to 1 have been observed), so there may be no real value added both economically or technically when plastic spacers are used.
References
Building engineering
Building materials
Reinforced concrete
Laurentius Petri Gothus (died 12 February 1579) was the second Swedish Lutheran Archbishop of Uppsala, Sweden. He served from 1575 to 1579.
Biography
He was born Lars Petersson in either 1529 or 1530 in the province of Östergötland, from which his name Gothus was derived as a means of distinguishing him from his predecessor, Laurentius Petri Nericius.
Nericius recommended Gothus' appointment as court chaplain to King Erik XIV in 1560. When Erik's successor, John III, was crowned, John preferred Gothus to Nericius because Gothus was more in agreement with the king's own view on Lutheranism. They advocated a middle way between Catholicism and Lutheranism in Sweden, unlike Nericius, who was more inclined to Luther's teachings.
He was consecrated bishop on 14 July 1575 by Jacob Johannis of Skara and co-consecrated by Paulus Juusten of Turku, in a ceremony with Catholic elements, including a Mitre and typical Catholic rituals.
In the 1570s, the Jesuits were allowed to spread their messages. As a reaction, Gothus wrote several texts against papism and liturgy. Some of Gothus's texts show him as a supporter of liturgy, however, while also at the same time favoring Luther's works.
See also
List of Archbishops of Uppsala
Notes
References
Nordisk familjebok, article "Laurentius Petri" in Swedish
1500s births
1579 deaths
Lutheran archbishops of Uppsala
16th-century Lutheran archbishops
16th-century Swedish people
The brown-eared woodpecker (Pardipicus caroli) is a species of bird in the family Picidae. It is native to the African tropical rainforest. There are two subspecies; P. c. caroli in the eastern part of its range and P. c. arizela, present from Guinea-Bissau in the west to Nigeria in the east. This bird has a wide range and is a common species in some areas, and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has rated its conservation status as being of "least concern".
Description
The male brown-eared woodpecker has a dark brown fore-crown and red hind-crown, while the female lacks the red colour. In other respects, the sexes are similar. There is a buff supercilium and a large patch of rufous-brown behind the eye and over the ear coverts. The mantle back and wings are olive-brown, and the tail is deep brown with white speckling on the outer feathers. The face and throat are olive-green speckled with white, and the breast and belly are olive green streaked with buff, yellow or white. The long beak is bluish-grey, the legs are olive and the iris chestnut.
Distribution and habitat
The brown-eared woodpecker is found in Angola, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ivory Coast, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, Ghana, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Kenya, Liberia, Nigeria, Sierra Leone, South Sudan, Tanzania, Uganda, and Zambia. It is a bird of dense tropical forest, both primary and secondary, with dangling vines and thick regrowth. It also occurs in plantations, riverine forests and more open locations with grassy woodland. It is a rather shy bird, and forages for ants and other small invertebrates among the vines and undergrowth.
References
Further reading
brown-eared woodpecker
brown-eared woodpecker
brown-eared woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Calveley railway station (originally Highwayside) was located in the centre of the small village of Calveley, Cheshire, England.
History
Opened 1 October 1840 by the Grand Junction Railway, it was served by what was the Chester and Crewe Railway (now the North Wales coastline) between Chester, Cheshire and Crewe, Cheshire. It was from the large railway centre of Crewe.
Renamed Calveley five years after opening, the station had two platforms with the main station building being located on the up line. The Shropshire Union Canal was close by so warehouses and sidings were built for exchange of goods between the canal and railway, the goods yard building still exists. There was also a siding laid in 1928 for United Dairies, who had a major plant collecting Cheshire milk and sending it to their London, Scrubs Lane depot. The United Dairies sidings could hold 10 tank wagons, and in 1933 were processing up to of milk a day. Like most stations, there were also coal sidings.
In 1947 King George VI and Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon visited the station and local church.
Passenger services ended 7 March 1960 and all services 2 November 1964, as part of the closure of all five intermediate stations between Chester and Crewe. The milk siding may have remained in use beyond this, but the milk depot was closed on 2 October 1965. Remains of both platforms can still be seen.
References
Further reading
Disused railway stations in Cheshire
Former London and North Western Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1840
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1960
Barry Geoffrey Downs (24 May 1930 – 5 April 2020) was an Australian sports shooter. He competed in the 50 metre pistol event at the 1968 Summer Olympics. Specifically, he participated in the 25m Rapid Fire Pistol - Men event. Downs died in 2020, aged 89.
References
1930 births
2020 deaths
Australian male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Australia
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Sportsmen from Queensland
Moshe Decter (October 14, 1921 – June 28, 2007) was a New York intellectual, and a prominent activist for Israel and Jewish causes. His articles in The New Leader and Foreign Affairs first brought the persecution of Soviet Jews to the attention of journalism and policy elites as well as ordinary citizens in the 1950s and 1960s.
He established and directed the Jewish Minorities Research bureau, served as executive secretary of the Conference on the Status of Soviet Jews and was director of research of the American Jewish Congress. He worked for Nativ or officially for Lishkat Hakesher or The Liaison Bureau, an Israeli liaison organization that maintained contact with Jews living in the Eastern Bloc during the Cold War and encouraged aliyah, or immigration to Israel. After the collapse of the U.S.S.R., he worked as an editor of the Near East Report and served as an adviser to the Israeli Embassy in Washington.
He is the father of Joshua Decter from his second marriage to the late Paula Decter; and he is the father of Naomi Decter and the late Rachel Decter, from his first marriage in the 1950s to the late Midge Rosenthal (who retained the Decter surname after their divorce).
References
1921 births
2007 deaths
Jewish American community activists
Place of birth missing
Place of death missing
20th-century American Jews
21st-century American Jews
The 13th Tank Battalion "M.O. Pascucci" () is an inactive tank battalion of the Italian Army based in Cordenons in Friuli Venezia Giulia. Originally the battalion, like all Italian tank units, was part of the infantry, but since 1 June 1999 it has been part of the cavalry. Operationally, the battalion was last assigned to the Armored Brigade "Ariete".
History
The battalion was formed during the 1975 army reform: on 15 July 1976 the 182nd Armored Infantry Regiment "Garibaldi" was disbanded and the next day its XI Bersaglieri Battalion became the 11th Bersaglieri Battalion "Caprera", while its XIII Tank Battalion became the 13th Tank Battalion "M.O. Pascucci". As the war flag and traditions of the 182nd Regiment "Garibaldi" were assigned to the 11th Caprera the 13th Pascucci was granted a new war flag on 12 November 1976 by decree 846 of the President of the Italian Republic Giovanni Leone.
The battalion received the traditions of the XIII Tank Battalion "M", which had been formed by the 32nd Tank Infantry Regiment in October 1941 and sent to Italian Libya in August 1942 to bring the 132nd Tank Infantry Regiment up to strength for the Battle of Alam el Halfa. The XIII fought to annihilation in the Second Battle of El Alamein and by 5 November 1942 had ceased to exist.
After World War II the XIII Tank Battalion was reformed in Sacile in 1961 as tank component of the 182nd Armored Infantry Regiment "Garibaldi", which was the armored formation of the Infantry Division "Folgore".
Tank and armored battalions created during the 1975 army reform were all named for officers, soldiers and partisans, who were posthumously awarded Italy's highest military honor the Gold Medal of Military Valour for heroism during World War II. The 13th Tank Battalion's name commemorated 132nd Tank Infantry Regiment Lieutenant Luigi Arbib Pascucci, who had served in the XIII Tank Battalion "M" and was killed in action on 4 November 1942 during the Second Battle of El Alamein. Equipped with Leopard 1A2 main battle tanks the battalion joined the Mechanized Brigade "Brescia".
In 1986 the Italian Army disbanded the divisional level and the Mechanized Brigade "Brescia" joined the 3rd Army Corps in Milan on 1 October 1986. On the same date the 13th Tank Battalion "M.O. Pascucci" was transferred to the Armored Brigade "Ariete".
After the end of the Cold War the Italian Army began to draw down its forces and therefore the 13th Pascucci was reduced to a reserve unit and transferred to the Mechanized Brigade "Mantova" on 10 December 1989. The 13th Tank Battalion "M.O.Pascucci" was disbanded on 31 March 1991 and its flag transferred to the Shrine of the Flags at the Vittoriano in Rome.
See also
Armored Brigade "Ariete"
References
Tank Battalions of Italy
Julien Remiti (born 7 September 1994) is a French footballer who plays as a midfielder for Ligue 1 side AC Ajaccio.
Career
Remiti made his Ligue 1 debut with AC Ajaccio on 8 March 2014 against FC Nantes in a 2–2 away draw coming on as a substitute after 71 minutes.
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
French footballers
AC Ajaccio players
Ligue 1 players
Place of birth missing (living people)
Georgi Hashev (; born 26 March 1990) is a Bulgarian professional footballer who plays as a defender.
Career
On 25 January 2017, Hashev signed with Neftochimic but had to leave the club in June following the relegation to the Second League. On 25 June 2017, he joined Tsarsko Selo.
Awards
Champion of B PFG 2013 (with Neftochimic Burgas)
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Stara Zagora
Bulgarian footballers
First Professional Football League (Bulgaria) players
Second Professional Football League (Bulgaria) players
PFC Beroe Stara Zagora players
OFC Sliven 2000 players
Neftochimic Burgas players
FC Sozopol players
FC Tsarsko Selo Sofia players
Association football defenders
Ratangarh is a village in the northwestern Rohilkhand region of Uttar Pradesh state of India. It is located in the administrative district of Bijnor.
Historical background
Ratangarh was founded in the early nineteenth century by Rao Zokha Singh Tyagi Atreya . He was a former commander (or Rao) of the northern branch of the Maratha Confederate Army, whose control ranged to the Tarai baselands of the Himalayas. After the Maratha decline that followed the Battle of Delhi, he became a mercenary-adventurer. For a period, he served as the Commanding General (Sipehsalar) of the principality of Sardhana near Meerut. He then moved on to found his own principality (or riyasat) with Ratangarh at its center. Ratangarh (literal meaning: Jewel Fort) was established near the site of an older defunct settlement called Azamgarh (literal meaning: Supreme Fort). Since the last days of the Mughal Empire, government revenue documents have interchangeably referred to the village as Ratangarh, Azamgarh-urf-Ratangarh (literally: Azamgarh-alias-Ratangarh), or Ratangarh-urf-Azamgarh.
Along with the rest of Rohilkhand, Ratangarh was affected by the general rebellion against the British in 1857. Economic depression followed for a period. However, it was one of the first settlements in India to be electrified, in the mid-1920s, and this brought about a revival. A school was established in the 1930s. A largely feudal agrarian system (Zamindari) held sway until the 1940s, after which a combination of legislature-driven Land Reform (such as the Uttar Pradesh Zamindari Abolition Act, 1950 and the Uttar Pradesh Imposition of Ceiling on Land Holdings Act, 1960) and the Bhoodan movement brought about land redistribution, similar to other areas of Rohilkhand. At the independence and partition of India in 1947, the region as a whole witnessed an influx of Punjabis and Sikhs from the areas that now comprise Pakistan, though Ratangarh itself was relatively unaffected by this demographic change.
In a notable event, on 6 April 1885, a meteorite was sighted over Ratangarh and fell close to the nearby settlement of Chandpur.
Demography and culture
The village reflects the broader cultural background of the region of Rohilkhand, flavored by its proximity to the hill state of Uttarakhand. The language is the Western Hindi/Urdu dialect of Khari Boli, and is extensively Persianized in its vocabulary. The population is largely Hindu with a significant Muslim (both Shia and Sunni) minority. Local castes in this region of Rohilkhand include Tyagi, Ahirs/Yadavs, Jat, Rajput, Rohilla Pashtun (after whom the region is named), and Dalit.
As in Uttarakhand and Nepal, the most important festival is Dashehra, commemorating the victory of Lord Ram over Ravan. A traditional folk-play (Ramlila), that dramatizes the Ramayan, is enacted over several consecutive nights, culminating on Dashehra. Though the play has Hindu religious significance, both the Hindu and Muslim communities participate in the festivities. Other important festivals include Holi, Eid-ul-Fitr, Eid-ul-Azha, Moharram and Diwali.
Ecology
For the first century after its foundation, the environs of the village were heavily forested, and contiguous with the Tarai forests that hemmed the Himalayan foothills. Wildlife (chital deer, monkey, hare, porcupine, wolf and leopard) was widespread. Pressures stemming from the rapid population increase in the twentieth century resulted in mass-deforestation. These species are now confined to the nearby Jim Corbett National Park, with only monkeys and peacocks remaining in numbers in the village area. Snakes and hares continue to be common in the farm fields.
Geography and climate
Ratangarh is located at latitude 29°6'10"N and longitude 78°21'50"E, along the highway that connects Fina (often anglicized as "Pheona") with Noorpur. The main village has a triangular shape with the highway, a string of ponds and a rural road as the three edges. The village is at an approximate altitude of 750 feet, and the terrain is largely flat.
The temperature ranges from a daytime maximum of about 42 °C (108 °F) at the height of summer to a nighttime minimum of about 0 °C (32 °F) during the coldest period of winter. There are five seasons - hot and dry summer, monsoonal rains, mild autumn, moderate winter and mild spring. Midwinter frost is common, and often damaging to crops and fruit. As with many areas of northwestern India, northern Pakistan and western Nepal, the region is part of the non-monsoonal Western Disturbance rain system that provides winter rains necessary for the wheat crop. While it gets relatively hot in the summer, the 1886 edition of the Imperial Gazetteer of India compared the district's climate favorably to that of both the Tarai and areas further south: "Its proximity to the Himalayas renders the climate of Bijnor cool and pleasant, while the abundance of drainage channels prevents the District from being as unhealthy as other tracts near the foot of the mountains."
Economy
The economy is primarily based on agriculture (grains and fruit). Staples (mainly wheat, with some jau or barley and bajra or pearl millet) are produced. There are also many sugarcane fields, and fruit orchards (mango, mulberry, pomegranate, jamun or rose apple and shareefa or sugar apple). Limited quantities of anjeer or fig and ber or Indian jujube are also produced. In non-agricultural activity, there are some retail outlets, doctors, flour mills and teachers. Land reform and urban-bound migration and divestment by the former zamindars has resulted in some economic equalization, with a more evenly distributed pattern of land ownership, including by Dalits. Many youths from all segments of the population seek careers in the small towns nearby (Fina, Chandpur, Sherkot, Bijnor) or the larger towns further afield (Meerut, Hardwar, Delhi).
Notable residents
Deep Tyagi (1928–1969), Assistant Commissioner for the Indian Family Planning program until 1969
Mahavir Tyagi (1899-1980), Indian independence activist and parliamentarian
Munishwar Dayal Tyagi (1935-2003), Director All India Radio
Durgesh Tyagi One of the Royal personality belonging to royal lineage of Seohara Rihasat.
Avnish Tyagi (1965–present), CPRI, shimla
Sunil Tyagi, a lawyer based in Delhi and founder partner of law firm Zeus Law www.zeus.firm.in (1967–present). He has been authored of articles in newspaper Hindustan Times and panelist on TV Channels - NDTV, CNBC TV 18 and Zee Business.
Sushil Tyagi, an actor famous for his role in TV Program “Crime Patrol” (1963–present). He has also acted in bollywood movies.
Pramod Kumar Atreya, Retired Vise President Manglore Oil Refinery, Managing Director Indian Oil, Board Of Directors Indian Oil SriLanka
Sudhir Atreya, Retired Head of Department for Architectire at Indian Indian Institute of Technology
References
"History of the Bijnor Rebellion," Sir Sayyid Ahmad Khan, Idarah-i-Adabiyat-i-Dlli, Delhi, 1982. Originally, "Tareekh-e-Sarkashi-e-Zilaa-e-Bijnor," published in 1858.
"History of Bijnor," B.C. Verma, 1974.
"Tawareekh-e-Taghawi," Haji Ashfaqullah, Kankhal (United Provinces), 1934.
"Samru: The Fearless Warrior," Jaipal Singh, Srishti Press, 2004.
"Dominance and Mobilisation: Rural Politics in Western Uttar Pradesh, 1930-1980," Zoja Hasan, Sage Publications, 1989.
"Forests on Fire: Ecology and Politics in the Himalayan Tarai," Ajay Rawat, Cosmo Publications.
"A Study of Land Reforms in Uttar Pradesh," Baljit Singh and Shridhar Misra, The Journal of Asian Studies, 1966, Volume 25.
"Land Reforms in India: Constitutional and Legal Approach (with Special Reference to Uttar Pradesh)," Pramod Kumar Agrawal, MD Publications, 1993.
"Bhoodan and the Landless," S.V. Khandewale and K.R. Nanekar, Popular Prakashan, 1973.
"Rohilkund : Its Terai and Irrigation," Lt. Jones and Rev. T. Smith, The Calcutta Review, Volume V, Number IX, 1846.
"The Imperial Gazetteer of India," W.W. Hunter (Director General of Statistics, Government of British India), Trubner and Company, London, 1886.
Cities and towns in Bijnor district
The Scaife Mountains () is a group of mountains rising west of Prehn Peninsula and between the Ketchum and Ueda glaciers, in Palmer Land, at the base of Antarctic Peninsula.
Discovered by the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition (RARE) under Finn Ronne, 1947–48, who named these mountains for Alan M. Scaife of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, a contributor to the expedition.
List of mountains
Mount Brundage () is a mountain located 12 nautical miles (22 km) west-southwest of Mount Terwileger in the south part of the Scaife Mountains. Discovered by RARE who named it for Burr Brundage, United States Department of State, who assisted in making arrangements for the expedition.
Mount Macnowski () is a mountain in the northern part of the Scaife Mountains, about west-southwest of Schmitt Mesa, near the base of the Antarctic Peninsula. Discovered by RARE, and mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1961–67. The mountain was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Francis B. Macnowski, a construction mechanic at South Pole Station in 1967.
Mount Terwileger () is a mountain on the northern side of Ueda Glacier, standing at the SE extremity of the Scaife Mountains. Mapped by U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1961–67. Named by US-ACAN for Stephen E. Terwileger, hospital corpsman at South Pole Station in 1967.
References
Mountain ranges of Palmer Land
The archiepiscopal seminary of Milan is the Catholic seminary of the Archdiocese of Milan.
It has three seats: in Venegono Inferiore (Varese province), Seveso (Monza e Brianza Province) and in Milan. The latter also hosts the Istituto sacerdotale Maria Immacolata, that trains priests during the first five years following ordination, and the Istituto Superiore di Scienze Religiose; other diocesan activities have taken place there. In the other two sites seminarist theology training is conducted: in Seveso I and II theology with the corso propedeutico, in Venegono from III to VI theology.
History
The first seminary dates to the times of Charles Borromeo, opening in 1564. Under the bishopric of Federico Borromeo the Seminary of Porta Orientale took final form. St. Charles built several locations in the diocese.
From 1638 to 1784 three operated in Milan (the Seminary of Porta Orientale, the Seminary of Canonica, the Collegio Elvetico), along with four minor seminaries in Monza, Arona, Celana and Pollegio.
First reform school and then the presence of Napoleon's troops radically transformed the seminary: the diocesan seminaries Celana, Collegio Elvetico, Seminary of Canonica and later Arona closed; a structure in Castello above Lecco opened instead. In 1839 that seat transferred to the Dominican convent of St. Peter Martyr in Seveso. With this step the configuration seminary route became simplified: ginnasio in Seveso, liceo in Monza and theology in Milan.
In the second part of the nineteenth century a seminary for poor students opened in Monza, entrusted to Barnabite Luigi Villoresi: training became more flexible and open according to inspiration from Antonio Rosmini. The resulting clergy were visibly different from the traditional way: this led to tensions. In 1900 a seminary opened near the Duomo that took the name Seminarietto, aimed at training those who were intended for liturgical service in the cathedral.
Following the apostolic visitation of abbot Alfredo Ildefonso Schuster, then Archbishop of Milan, the site of Venegono Inferiore was built with the intention to move the center of the seminary there. Construction began in 1928 and the facility was solemnly inaugurated in 1935. In the following decades, when the liceo classico and the last three years of theology were placed in Venegono, several locations were used: Seveso (medie-ginnasio), Masnago (elementari-medie), Arcore (medie), Merate (medie), Seminarietto del Duomo (ginnasio-liceo), Saronno (biennium theological and comunità propedeutica), Milano (adult vocations).
In 1966 Cardinal Giovanni Colombo decided to transfer the theological faculty (built by Pope Leo XIII in 1892) from Venegono Inferiore to Milan, thus forming the Facoltà Teologica dell'Italia Settentrionale.
The vocational crisis in subsequent years forced a reorganization of the community and led to the closure of many facilities. In 1985 the site was closed in Seveso: the ginnasio was transferred to Venegono and after a few years began restructuring. When construction ended in 1998 the community since then living in Saronno was transferred in Seveso. With the gradual extinction of the minor Seminary (closed in 2002 after several attempts for renewal and revitalization), the comunità propedeutica was added to the biennium seminary in Seveso.
The restoration of the permanent diaconate wanted by Cardinal Carlo Maria Martini in 1986 found a place in the headquarters of the Seminary.
Seminarists, professors and educators
Popes:
Pius XI
Bishops and cardinals
Giacomo Biffi
Franco Giulio Brambilla
Gabriele Giordano Caccia
Adriano Caprioli
Bernardo Citterio
Francesco Coccopalmerio
Diego Coletti
Carlo Colombo
Giovanni Colombo
Renato Corti
Mario Delpini
Erminio De Scalzi
Marco Ferrari
Gervasio Gestori
Giovanni Giudici
Alessandro Maggiolini
Angelo Mascheroni
Attilio Nicora
Giulio Oggioni
Gianfranco Ravasi
Carlo Roberto Maria Redaelli
Giovanni Saldarini
Luigi Stucchi
Dionigi Tettamanzi
Theologians
Giuseppe Colombo
Franco Manzi
Giovanni Moioli
Pierangelo Sequeri
Luigi Serenthà
Sergio Ubbiali
Sources
Il Seminario di Venegono 1935-1985. Pagine d'un cammino, a cura di Cesare Pasini - Mario Spezzibottiani, NED, Milano 1985.
Mario Panizza, «Seminario Maggiore», in Dizionario della Chiesa ambrosiana, NED, Milano 1992, vol. V, 3310-3323.
La formazione del presbitero diocesano. Linee educative del Seminario di Milano, Centro Ambrosiano, Milano 1995.
Dionigi Tettamanzi, San Carlo e il seminario. La formazione dei futuri presbiteri in un mondo che cambia, Centro Ambrosiano, Milano 2006.
External links
Seminario Arcivescovile di Milano website
Permanent diaconate of Diocese of Milan
Istituto Superiore di Scienze Religiose of Milan
Seminaries and theological colleges in Italy
The National Park of Upper Niger is a national park in Guinea that was gazetted in January 1997 with a core area of . The park protects important tracts of forest and savannah, and is considered a conservation priority for West Africa as a whole.
History
Areas of low human impact are comparatively rare now in Guinea, and found only in areas of low population density. One such area is that of the Mafou Forest, the last remaining area of dry forest in Guinea and one of the few left in West Africa. This area has a low population because of the widespread incidences of river-blindness and as a result of the atrocities of Samory Touré in the latter part of the 19th century. The area has been little disturbed in the last 50 years.
The park comprises two zones, a core protected zone and a buffer zone in which local people are encouraged to use the resources of the part in a sustainable way. Farming and the collecting of non-timber forest products is permitted. The government manages fishing, hunting and timber harvesting in cooperation with local communities. Since 2005, the protected area is considered a Lion Conservation Unit.
Ecology of the park
The park covers several ecological zones, the dominant is that of savannah, consisting of woodland and bushland. A smaller area of the park consists of riparian forests along the Niger and Mafou Rivers. Around five percent of the park is agricultural, along the edges of the park. The park is subject to frequent fires during the dry season.
Fauna of the park
Surveys in the park conducted during 1996–97 revealed a diverse mammalian fauna of 94 species including:
24 rodents
18 bats: Franquet's epauletted fruit bat (Epomops franqueti), horseshoe bat (Rhinolophus alcyone)
17 carnivores: Caracal (Caracal caracal), Egyptian mongoose (Herpestes ichneumon), Gambian mongoose (Mungos gambianus), spot-necked otter (Lutra maculicollis)
14 ungulates: giant forest hog (Hylochoerus meinertzhageni), kob (Kobus kob), waterbuck (K. ellipsiprymnus)
nine insectivores: four-toed hedgehog (Atelerix albiventris), climbing shrew (Suncus megalura)
seven primates: chimpanzee (Pan troglodytes), Senegal galago (Galago senegalensis)
giant pangolin (Manis gigantea) and tree pangolin (M. tricuspis), and
African savanna hare (Lepus victoriae).
The African elephant (Loxodonta africana) once occurred in the park but is now extinct.
African manatee (Trichechus senegalensis) has been recorded. In 1997, lion (Panthera leo) returned to the protected area, probably migrating from the Tinkisso River region.
Threats to the park
There is a large trade in hunted animals from the park. At present this is carefully managed by park authorities, who feel that creating incentives for careful management of the resources is the best way to protect the forest as a whole. This is in line with current trends in community conservation.
References
High mammalian diversity in the newly established National Park of Upper Niger, Republic of Guinea, Ziegler et al., Oryx, 36 (2002)
National parks of Guinea
Biosphere reserves of Guinea
Niger River
Forests of Guinea
Osebol is a 2019 debut novel by Swedish writer Marit Kapla. It won the 2019 August Prize for Fiction.
The book focuses on a village called Osebol in Värmland County. It features a series of interviews with local residents who describe their lives from the past to the present. According to Kapla, the book is not political but rather existential, aiming simply in preserving a document about a village and its inhabitants.
The book was translated to English by Peter Graves and released by Allen Lane in 2021 under the title Osebol: Voices from a Swedish Village.
References
2019 Swedish novels
2019 debut novels
Swedish-language novels
Novels set in Sweden
August Prize-winning works
Värmland County
The 2016 Moselle Open was a men's tennis tournament held in Metz, France and played on indoor hard courts. It was the 14th edition of the Moselle Open, and part of the ATP World Tour 250 series of the 2016 ATP World Tour. It was held at the Arènes de Metz from 19 September to 25 September 2016. Third-seeded Lucas Pouille won the singles title.
Singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of September 12, 2016.
Other entrants
The following players received wild cards into the singles main draw:
Julien Benneteau
Quentin Halys
Tommy Robredo
The following players received entry from the singles qualifying draw:
Grégoire Barrère
Nikoloz Basilashvili
Peter Gojowczyk
Vincent Millot
Withdrawals
Before the tournament
Carlos Berlocq →replaced by Jan-Lennard Struff
Marcel Granollers →replaced by Dustin Brown
Philipp Kohlschreiber →replaced by Íñigo Cervantes
Guido Pella →replaced by Pierre-Hugues Herbert
Jo-Wilfried Tsonga (left knee injury) →replaced by Ivan Dodig
Doubles main-draw entrants
Seeds
Rankings are as of September 12, 2016
Other entrants
The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw:
Grégoire Barrère / Albano Olivetti
Jürgen Melzer / Dominic Thiem
Finals
Singles
Lucas Pouille defeated Dominic Thiem, 7–6(7–5), 6–2
Doubles
Julio Peralta / Horacio Zeballos defeated Mate Pavić / Michael Venus, 6–3, 7–6(7–4)
External links
Official Website
Locklear is a surname. It may refer to:
Arlinda Locklear (b. 1951), Native American lawyer
Ashton Locklear (b. 1998), American gymnast
Gene Locklear, Native American baseball player
Heather Locklear (b. 1961), American actress
Ormer Locklear (1891–1920), American stunt pilot and film actor
Samuel J. Locklear (b. 1954), American navy admiral
James G.P. Dehlsen (born April 27, 1937) is an American businessman, inventor, and entrepreneur. He is a pioneering figure in wind power and renewable energy development in the United States and holds 25 patents.
Early life and career
Dehlsen was born in Guadalajara, Mexico. His father was a Danish businessman and engineer who worked for Southern Pacific Railroad. As a young man, he served in the U.S. Air Force. Dehlsen subsequently earned a BS and MBA from the University of Southern California.
Dehlsen developed a fluid lubricant called Tri-Flon which utilized micron-sized Teflon particles. He sold the company in 1980.
Windpower and renewable energy career
Zond
In 1980, Dehlsen founded the wind power company Zond Systems Inc., which became the first company to commercially provide wind power to Southern California Edison.
Dehlsen collaborated with the Danish company Vestas, from which Zond purchased wind turbines. During the 1980s, Zond purchased nearly all the turbines Vestas produced. As a result, "California became the birthplace of the modern wind industry."
In the 1990s, Zond began manufacturing its own wind turbines in order further lower the cost of energy. With support from the National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL) and the U.S. Department of Energy, Zond produced a 550kW turbine. Zond's work on variable-speed technology subsequently enabled turbine scaling to 1.5MW.
In 1997, Enron acquired Zond and formed Enron Wind. GE subsequently acquired Enron Wind in 2002 to form GE Wind Energy.
Clipper Windpower
In 2001, Dehlsen and his son James Brenton ("Brent") established Clipper Windpower. In partnership with the U.S. Department of Energy and NREL, the company developed the 2.5-MW Liberty Wind Turbine, featuring advanced drive train and controls architecture. Commercial sales for the Liberty Wind Turbine began in 2006, then the largest wind turbine manufactured in the United States. Clipper's IPO on the Alternative Investment Market (AIM) of the London Stock Exchange launched in September 2005.
In 2007, the U.S. Department of Energy bestowed on Clipper its "Outstanding Research and Development Partnership Award" for its "outstanding contribution toward industry advancements," including attaining "unparalleled levels of efficiency and reliability and reduced cost of energy" with the Liberty Wind Turbine.
Clipper also worked on developing offshore wind power. In 2007, the company began design and development of the 10MW, 150m rotor "Britannia" offshore wind turbine in the United Kingdom.
In December 2009, United Technologies Corporation (UTC) announced it was acquiring a 49.5% stake in Clipper Windpower. By December 2010, UTC had acquired the rest of the company.
Aquantis
Dehlsen has worked on developing marine renewable energy. In 2011, he established Aquantis, which has developed underwater turbine technology to harness marine currents for utility-scale electric power generation. The company is headquartered in Santa Barbara, California. Aquantis has received U.S. Department of Energy grants and venture capital from Mitsubishi Heavy Industries. Dehlsen is also developing wave energy electric generators through his "Centipod" program.
Awards and recognition
1985: The Danish Medal of Honor conferred by His Royal Highness, Prince Henrik
1989: Dehlsen testified before the United States Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources in a hearing entitled, "Global Warming and Its Implications for California."
1997: Dehlsen was part of a wind energy delegation that attended the third United Nations Climate Change conference in Kyoto, Japan.
1998: Dehlsen established and endowed the Dehlsen Chair Environmental Studies at the University of California, Santa Barbara.
2000: American Wind Energy Association Lifetime Achievement Award
2008: inducted into the National Environmental Hall of Fame as the "Father of Wind Energy in the U.S."
2009: Delhsen testified before the United States House Energy Subcommittee on Energy and Environment in a hearing entitled, "Marine and Hydrokinetic Energy Technology: Finding the Path to Commercialization."
Controversies
In January 2021, New Zealand's Employment Relations Authority awarded seven former employees of Bayside café $136,800 in damages for being unfairly and unjustifiably dismissed. Dehlsen and his wife, Deanna, who own the Snells Beach business, "failed to meet the minimum requirements of a fair and reasonable employer" by invoking a new "unforeseen events" clause in their employment contracts that terminated their staff's employment on March 19, days before the country went into lockdown, and denying the staff access to the government's wage subsidy scheme.
A follow-up news story in July 2022 indicated that none of the unjustifiably dismissed workers had received any payments, more than a year after the first court judgement.
References
Living people
1937 births
American people of Danish descent
University of Southern California alumni
20th-century American inventors
21st-century American inventors
American environmentalists
People associated with wind power
Sustainability advocates
Kaï is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Kadiolo in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 183 square kilometers and includes 8 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 8,827. The village of Kaï, the administrative center (chef-lieu) of the commune, is 47 km north of Kadiolo.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
Milton Rogovin Pronounced "ruh-GO-vin" (December 30, 1909 – January 18, 2011) was an American social documentary photographer. His photographs are in the Library of Congress, the J. Paul Getty Museum, the Center for Creative Photography and other distinguished institutions.
Biography
Early years
Milton Rogovin was born December 30, 1909 in Brooklyn, New York City of ethnic Jewish parents who emigrated to America from Lithuania, then part of the Russian empire. He attended Stuyvesant High School in New York City and enrolled in Columbia University, from which he graduated in 1931 with a degree in optometry.
Following graduation Rogovin worked as an optometrist in New York City. Distressed by the rampant and worsening poverty resulting from the Great Depression, Rogovin began attending night classes at the New York Workers School, a radical educational institution sponsored by the Communist Party USA.
In 1938 Rogovin moved to Buffalo and established an optometry practice there.
In 1942, he married Anne Snetsky (later changed to Setters). In the same year, he was inducted into the U.S.Army, where he worked as an optometrist. After his discharge from the Army, Milton and Anne had three children: two daughters (Ellen and Paula) and a son (Mark).
Rogovin was called before the House Un-American Activities Committee in 1957. Like many other Americans who embraced Communism as a model for improving the quality of life for the working class, he became a subject of the Committee's attentions in the postwar period: He was discredited — without having been convicted of any offense — as someone whose views henceforth had to be discounted as dangerous and irresponsible.
Photographer
The incident inspired Rogovin to turn to photography as a means of expression; it was a way to continue to speak to the worth and dignity of people who make their livings under modest or difficult circumstances, often in physically taxing occupations that usually receive little attention.
In 1957, a collaboration with William Tallmadge, a professor of music, to document music at storefront churches set Rogovin on his photographic path. Some of the photographs that Rogovin made in the churches were published in 1962 in Aperture magazine, edited by Minor White, with an introduction by W.E.B. Du Bois, a founder of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP).
Rogovin worked on a month-long photographic series on the island of Chiloé, Chile. Poet, Pablo Neruda helped guide Rogovin and provide friends to drive and introduce Rogovin to contacts throughout the Island.
In 1976 Rogovin began photographing steelworkers and electrical workers in the Buffalo/Lackawanna area. Seven years after the initial series, Rogovin returned in 1987 to the homes of the workers and found that not one worker was working where they had been photographed previously. The factories were torn down and the equipment was sold to Mexico or China. Michael Frisch from the State University of New York at Buffalo recorded 2,300 hours of interviews with these workers.
From 1981-1990, Rogovin photographed coal miners, a project that took him to Zimbabwe, France, Scotland, Spain, Cuba, China, and Mexico. Many of these images were published in his first book, The Forgotten Ones.
Rogovin traveled throughout the world, taking numerous portraits of workers and their families in many countries. His most acclaimed project, though, has been The Forgotten Ones, sequential portraits taken over three decades of over a hundred families who resided on Buffalo's impoverished Lower West Side. The project was begun in 1972 and completed in 2002. In 1999, the Library of Congress collected Rogovin's negatives, contact sheets and thirteen hundred of Rogovin's prints. They also hold 20,000 pieces of correspondence. The Center for Creative Photography holds 3,300 master prints—the master collection of Rogovin photography. Rogovin's rolleiflex camera, his FBI files and other resources are held by the Burchfield-Penney Art Center in Buffalo, NY.
Death and legacy
Rogovin died on January 18, 2011, a few weeks after his 101st birthday.
Publications
Milton Rogovin, Lower West Side, Buffalo, New York. Buffalo, NY: Albright-Knox Art Gallery, 1975.
Milton Rogovin: The Forgotten Ones. Buffalo, NY: Albright-Knox Art Gallery, 1985. .
Windows that Open inward: Images of Chile. Buffalo, NY: White Pine, 1985. , (paper). Buffalo, NY: White Pine, 1999. .
Portraits in Steel. Ithaca, NY: Cornell University Press, 1993. , .
Triptychs: Buffalo's Lower West Side Revisited. New York: Norton, 1994. .
The Bonds between Us: A Celebration of Family. Buffalo, NY: White Pine, 2001. .
Milton Rogovin: The Forgotten Ones. New York: Quantuck Lane, 2003. , .
With Eyes and Soul: Images of Cuba. Buffalo, NY: White Pine, 2004. .
Milton Rogovin: The Mining Photographs. Los Angeles: J. Paul Getty Museum, 2005. .
The Lens and the Pen: Photographs and Poems. Arroyo Seco, NM: Palisade, 2009. .
From the Western Door to the Lower West Side. Buffalo, NY: White Pine, 2010. .
Notes
External links
Milton Rogovin Web Site
Milton Rogovin Photograph Collection
NPR Interview from 2003
Board of Advisors, The Buffalo Film Festival, Buffalo, NY, United States
1909 births
2011 deaths
American centenarians
Men centenarians
Jewish American military personnel
United States Army personnel of World War II
American optometrists
American photographers
American socialists
Columbia University alumni
People from Brooklyn
Artists from Buffalo, New York
Stuyvesant High School alumni
United States Army soldiers
Documentary photographers
21st-century American Jews
Aerin Frankel is an American ice hockey goaltender, currently playing with the Northeastern Huskies of the NCAA. She has been cited as one of the best current collegiate goaltenders and a highly promising prospect for the American national team. She won the Patty Kazmaier Award in 2021.
Career
Raised in Briarcliff, New York, Frankel began skating at the age of four, becoming a goaltender at the age of nine. During high school, she played for Shattuck-Saint Mary's preparatory, winning three national titles and finishing with a 1.10 goals against average, a .945 save percentage, and 39 shutouts.
In 2017, she began attending Northeastern University, serving as the starting goaltender for the university's women's ice hockey programme. She posted a .934 SV% in her rookie collegiate year, leading all NCAA rookies. She then posted a 28-save shutout in opening game of the 2018–19 season, becoming the first goaltender to shutout Boston University since Florence Schelling in 2011. The Huskies would go on to win a second consecutive WHEA Championship that year. In the 2019–20 season, she set Northeastern records for GAA, SV%, shutouts, and wins, her .958 SV% leading the NCAA. She was named a top-10 finalist for the 2020 Patty Kazmaier Memorial Award as well as the Beanpot's best goaltender, and was named Hockey East Goaltender of the Year for the second year in a row.
International career
Frankel made her senior American national team debut at the 2019-20 Rivalry Series, picking up her first senior international win in December 2019. She was named to the American roster for the 2020 IIHF Women's World Championship before the Championship was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Awards and honors
NCAA
2021 Patty Kazmaier Award
2019-20 CCM/AHCA First Team All-American
2020-21 CCM/AHCA First Team All-American
Hockey East
ARMY ROTC Hockey East Player of the Week (awarded March 8, 2021)
2021 Hockey East Goaltending Champion
2021 Hockey East First-Team All-Stars
2021 Hockey East All-Tournament Team
2021 Hockey East Championship MVP
2021 Hockey East PNC Bank Three Stars Award
Hockey Commissioners Association
WHCA Goalie of the Year 2021
Hockey Commissioners Association Women's Goaltender of the Month, November 2019
Hockey Commissioners Association Women's Goaltender of the Month, January 2021
Hockey Commissioners Association Women's Goaltender of the Month, February 2021
Hockey Commissioners Association Women's Goaltender of the Month (March 2021)
Personal life
Frankel studies criminal justice and psychology at Northeastern University.
References
External links
Living people
1999 births
American women's ice hockey goaltenders
Northeastern Huskies women's ice hockey players
Jewish ice hockey players
Ice hockey players from New York (state)
Sportspeople from New York City
People from Briarcliff Manor, New York
Patty Kazmaier Award winners
21st-century American women
Carlos Ovidio Lanza Martínez (born 15 May 1989) is a Honduran professional footballer who plays as a forward for Honduran club Juticalpa F.C. and the Honduras national team.
Honduras national team
Lanza was called to represent the Honduras national football team in the 2017 CONCACAF Gold Cup
Honours and achievements
Juticalpa
Liga de Ascenso:
Winners (3): 2012–13 A, 2014–15 A, 2014–15 C
Runners-up (1): 2013–14 C
Honduran Cup:
Winners (1): 2015–16
Honduran Supercup:
Runners-up (1): 2016
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Honduran footballers
Honduras international footballers
Association football forwards
Liga Nacional de Fútbol Profesional de Honduras players
Juticalpa F.C. players
2017 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
People from Francisco Morazán Department
Yıldırımhacılar is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
The 1913 South Carolina United States Senate election was held on January 28, 1913, when the South Carolina legislature met and unanimously ratified the results of the August 27, 1912 primary. Incumbent Senator Ben Tillman was re-elected to a fourth term in office.
Prior to the ratification of the 17th Amendment to the United States Constitution, U.S. Senators were elected by the state legislature. However, the Democratic Party of South Carolina organized primary elections for the U.S. Senate beginning in 1896 and the General Assembly would confirm the choice of the Democratic voters. Tillman handily defeated former U.S. Representative W. Jasper Talbert and businessman Nathaniel B. Dial in the primary election.
Democratic primary
Candidates
Benjamin Tillman, incumbent Senator since 1895
W. Jasper Talbert, former U.S. Representative from Parksville
Nathaniel B. Dial, businessman and former Mayor of Laurens
Campaign
Ben Tillman, a Senator since 1895, drew opposition in the Democratic primary for the first time during his career. He had long avoided any opposition because of his influence in the Democratic Party in the state, but by 1912 he had moderated his positions and lost the radical edge that had allowed him to build up a hard core following of support. The radicals in the state electorate had thrown their support to Coleman Livingston Blease in the gubernatorial election of 1910 and the Bleasites were determined to knock his chief opponent, Tillman, out of office. W. Jasper Talbert emerged as the candidate of the Bleasites and Nathaniel B. Dial entered the race as an alternative to the two. The voters of the state split their support between the Tillmanite and Bleasite factions as both Tillman and Blease won their respective primaries.
Results
Election
The General Assembly met and ratified the choice of the primary voters, re-electing Tillman for a third term.
See also
List of United States senators from South Carolina
United States Senate elections, 1912 and 1913
United States House of Representatives elections in South Carolina, 1912
South Carolina gubernatorial election, 1912
References
South Carolina
1913
South Carolina
Umyeon-dong is a dong, neighbourhood of Seocho-gu in Seoul, South Korea is part of Gangnam District and a well-known, private neighborhood for the wealthy in southern Seoul. It is a legal dong (법정동) administered under its administrative dong (행정동), Yangjae 1-dong. The first syllable of the name is derived from Umyeonsan, or Mt. Umyeon due to the geographical feature of the area has the mountain.
Mount Umyeon-san
The mountain peak of Umyeon-San is located approximately south of Seoul, and about northeast of Gwanaksan. Satelliteviews.net lists the peak elevation as "313", while Google Earth shows the maximum elevation at , within a populated area.
Floods and landmines
During the 2011 Seoul floods, a landslide on an unstable slope of Mount Umyeon destroyed an apartment row, killing 17 people and may have buried about ten landmines dropped on the mountainsides during the Korean War.
Attraction
Chiwoo Craft Museum
See also
Yangjaecheon
Administrative divisions of South Korea
References
External links
Seocho-gu official website
Seocho-gu map at the Seocho-gu official website
The Yangjae 1-dong Resident office
Neighbourhoods of Seocho District
Adrien Lavieille (March 29, 1848, Montmartre – February 5, 1920, Chartres) was a French painter.
Son of the landscape painter Eugène Lavieille, and nephew of the wood engraver Jacques Adrien Lavieille, he was a painter of the country : near Paris, in Brittany, near Cancale and on the riverside of the Vilaine in the south of Rennes, in Touraine, at Saint-Jean-de-Monts in Vendée, where he was invited by a friend, the painter and engraver Auguste Lepère, around Vendôme where he sojourned in the home of his daughter, Andrée Lavieille, so a painter, and of his son-in-law, the man of letters, Paul Tuffrau.
He also painted in Montmartre, where he lived during his youthful days, and, as his father, at Moret-sur-Loing, near Fontainebleau.
Parallelly to his painter's activities, Adrien Lavieille executed, during his life, for money's reasons, works of restoration and decoration : basilica Saint-Martin in Tours (where he worked with the painter Pierre Fritel), Palais de Justice of Rennes, Château de Vaux-le-Vicomte, Hôtel de Lauzun, quai d'Anjou in Paris.
In 1878, he married the painter Marie Petit, who henceforth signed Marie Adrien Lavieille.
Bibliography
Françoise Cambon, Henri Cambon. Adrien Lavieille (1848–1920), peintre de la campagne. Atlantica, 2008.
External links
Presentation of Adrien Lavieille and of his works
19th-century French painters
French male painters
20th-century French painters
20th-century French male artists
French landscape painters
1848 births
1920 deaths
19th-century French male artists
The Niagara Apothecary was an apothecary in Niagara-on-the-Lake, Ontario, established no later than 1820, and is now a National Historic Site of Canada. It was operated by a series of successive owners, most of whom had apprenticed under the preceding owner. In the 1960s, it was purchased by the Niagara Foundation, which targeted the building and its contents for preservation. It was purchased by the provincially-owned Ontario Heritage Foundation in 1969, which undertook a preservation effort culminating in May 1971, when the property was re-opened as a museum.
The museum is rendered as a typical Confederation-era apothecary. It is operated by the Ontario College of Pharmacy, and receives about 100,000 visitors annually.
Background
In the 1960s, there was increasing interest in Ontario for the historic preservation of buildings to prevent their demolition. In Niagara-on-the-Lake, an economic decline that began in the late 19th century left the town with plenty of its early buildings, no "unsightly factories, warehouses, or tracts of undistinguished workers' housing", and a "pre-industrial, upper-class streetscape". The end of World War II sparked development, so at a town planning board meeting held on 5 February 1962, a proposal was made to establish a local heritage organization. Later that year, after lobbying the Government of Ontario, provincial legislation was passed to charter the Niagara Foundation.
This foundation soon requested the federal National Historic Sites Service to conduct an architectural survey of the town. It was accepted, and became a pilot project for the national inventory of historic buildings. The local survey was conducted by architect Peter John Stokes, who was the "foremost architectural historian" of the province at the time. He identified "interesting old buildings", among them Field's Drugstore, owned since 1921 by increasingly ailing proprietor E.W. Field. From the 1860s until the survey was conducted, only minor exterior modifications had been made to the building, and its interior fixtures and layout had remained "remarkably intact". Fearing that the store would be sold, the Niagara Foundation approached the Ontario College of Pharmacy (OCP) in 1963 to propose a partnership to preserve the building and its contents. The proposal was accepted, with the OCP considering the site for a museum of pharmacy history.
Field retired in 1964, and the partnership rented the store and obtained right of first refusal to purchase the property. Lacking funds to make the purchase when Field died the following year, in December 1965 the partners secured a promise from James Auld, the provincial Minister of Tourism and Information, that the provincial ministry would acquire the property, enabling the Niagara Foundation to exercise its option. Two years later, the Ministry of Tourism and Information still had not acted on the minister's promise, so the partnership undertook its own plans for restoration. The success of the Canadian Centennial anniversary celebrations throughout Canada that year provided impetus to fund similar projects provincially, and in July a provincial grant of $15,000 was made to the Niagara Foundation, which it used to discharge its mortgage.
In early 1968, the Ontario Heritage Trust (OHF) was established, and restoration of Field's Drugstore became its first project. It solicited and received commitment from the federal government to cover half the cost of the restoration project, and on 10 July 1969 the OHF purchased the property from the Niagara Foundation.
Restoration
On 8 August 1962, Stokes had identified and catalogued a number of sites for the survey he conducted of potential local heritage sites. In the catalogue, he noted that Field's Drugstore was "of historic significance to the town" and to "restore if possible". Among the features he cited were the building's façade, intricate wood carving, cabinetry, and "ornate plaster-work".
In April 1970, the provincial OHF and the federal Indian Affairs and Northern Development department signed a contract to fund the CA$38,000 project (). Stokes was hired to manage the project. With little information about the site having been published throughout its history, Stokes referred to photographs from 1905 and later, and the underlying physical attributes present in the early 1970s, to guide the restoration. The goal was material authenticity of the restored site, using paint colours and finishes that would have been present in the 1860s. Missing parts were made by obtaining similar material from another building of the same era using techniques employed at the time.
Objects inconsistent with the historical preservation, such as commercial signs, were removed. The structure was reinforced, and all surfaces were polished or painted. In the weeks leading up to the 14 May 1971 opening of the newly-created museum, pharmacists arranged the artefacts while the renovation crew completed its work. The opening was attended by Fern Guindon (Auld's successor) representing the provincial Ministry of Tourism and Information, James McNulty representing the federal Indian Affairs and Northern Development department, local politicians, Stokes, and some members of the OCP. The next day, the Niagara Foundation hosted the "House Tour and Pharmacy Gala" to a large crowd.
Ownership
The building is located on Lot 64m, a property deeded to William Dickson in 1796 by The Crown. The original pharmacy had been located on Prideaux Street, which was moved to another lot on Queen Street by its owner Rodman Starkwather. In 1833, Starkwather sold his business to James Harvey, who operated it until his death from pulmonary tuberculosis in October 1851. It is thought that during his proprietorship, many of the artefacts currently on display at the museum were imported from England, including the glass bottles. In early 1852, Harvey's heirs sold the business to Henry Paffard, who had been an apprentice to Harvey. In 1866, when also the mayor of the town, arson damaged both his house and the pharmacy. He bought the current building from Edward Campbell in 1869, making significant renovations to it, among them lowering the floor, raising the ceiling, and installing black walnut counters and an ornate dispensary.
After operating the business for 46 years, Paffard sold it in 1898 to his apprentice John DeWolfe Randall. DeWolfe died, likely of a stroke, on 13 March 1914, and the business was purchased by Arthur J. Coyne, who operated it until 1922. He also operated a pharmacy in St. Catharines, and in 1922 decided to focus his efforts there, selling the Niagara-on-the-Lake drugstore to Erland Field. However, Coyne kept about 200 glass bottles and other containers that had been purchased by Harvey. Field would operate the business until 1964, when his ailing health forced him to retire, and he granted the Niagara Foundation and Ontario College of Pharmacy the right of first refusal.
The Niagara Foundation bought the property, and in 1969 sold it to the Ontario Heritage Foundation. In 1970, the Niagara Foundation and Ontario College of Pharmacy signed a contract with the Ontario Heritage Foundation, by which the latter would restore and maintain the building, and the Ontario College of Pharmacy would restore the apothecary and operate it.
History
Because of the unregulated nature of pharmaceutical enterprises throughout much of the 19th century and early 20th century, drugs were sold at many establishments, including bookstores and general stores. Pharmacies likewise engaged in other commercial activities. During its lifetime, the Niagara Apothecary at times sold gasoline, postal insurance, veterinary supplies, marine supplies, ice cream, soft drinks, and tickets for train and boat. From the 1820s to 1840, Starkwather and Brown advertised in the Colonial Advocate the availability of garden seeds "of all descriptions" collected by the Shakers of New Lebanon in New York. It also provided services, such as use of a telephone, and photographic services and supplies.
The records of the Niagara Apothecary suggest "habitual drug use" amongst a subset of its clientele, including those who self-medicated leading to addiction. About 50 clients between 1853 and 1875 regularly purchased narcotic drugs. In many, if not the majority of, cases clients received pharmaceutical drugs "without the benefit of medical authority".
Description
The single-storey building is a clapboard-clad structure in the Georgian style. It is flush with the sidewalk on Queen Street, the town's principal commercial area. The exterior decorations and embellishments are a vernacular commingling of various styles, including Palladian revival entrance, wood trim, and clapboard cladding, and Italianate tripartite facade of display windows flanking the entrance and separated by pilasters.
The interior is furnished and decorated in a style typical of a Confederation-era apothecary. The counters and cabinets, made of black walnut and butternut, are complemented by an ornate wooden dispensary and a crystal gasolier. The dispensary includes a clock, a carved beaver, and two light globes held by female figures. Venetian blinds, hanging from the window valance dating to 1866, were disused for a period when an awning was installed.
The glass bottles, jars, and pots that line the shelves are the same ones that had been taken by Coyne in 1922. He had sold some of them to a private party, and these would later be purchased by the Academy of Medicine in Toronto. The Academy of Medicine loaned these to the Ontario College of Pharmacy for use at the Niagara Apothecary. The remainder were sold by Coyne's widow to the Ontario College of Pharmacy. Other artefacts displayed at the museum were obtained from private donors, the Faculty of Pharmacy at the University of Toronto, and from the collection of the Ontario College of Pharmacy.
The building is notable for being the only one in the town surviving from Confederation, when the drug store was moved to its present location in 1866.
National Historic Site
The restoration of the Niagara Apothecary has been referred to as "one of the early and great triumphs of heritage preservation in the province of Ontario". It was designated a National Historic Site of Canada on 28 November 1968 and listed on the Canadian Register on 25 March 2008. A plaque was installed outside the building and was unveiled by Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother on 5 July 1981.
In a paper published in Material Culture Review in late 1985, author Ernst Stieb described it as "the most authentic restoration of its kind in Canada and perhaps in North America". The museum is operated by the Ontario College of Pharmacy, and is visited by about 100,000 tourists annually. On 5 June 1973, the American Association of State and Local History presented an Award of Merit to the Ontario Heritage Foundation and the Ontario College of Pharmacy for the restoration of the apothecary.
The restoration was consistent with early apothecaries in Ontario, but did not capture the intent of Spafford, who became owner of the drugstore in 1852, to modernize the facility and differentiate it from his competitors. The museum's focus is the historical practice of pharmacy, not the retail operation. The authenticity of the museum is primarily in the use of materials, as the name is ahistorical (the term "apothecary" is anachronistic for the period represented by the museum) and the practice involved other activities.
Notes
References
External links
Niagara Apothecary Museum
Niagara Apothecary at Ontario Heritage Trust
Pills and Potions at the Niagara Apothecary at Day of Archaeology
Apothecaries
Buildings and structures in Niagara-on-the-Lake
Museums in Ontario
Pharmacies of Canada
National Historic Sites in Ontario
The 2015–16 Central Arkansas Sugar Bears basketball team represented the University of Central Arkansas during the 2015–16 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Sugar Bears, led by fourth year head coach Sandra Rushing and played their home games at the Farris Center. They were members of the Southland Conference. They finished the season 28–4, 16–2 in Southland play to finish in second place. They won the Southland Women's Tournament to earn an automatic trip to the NCAA women's tournament for the first time school history. They lost to Louisville in the first round.
Roster
Schedule
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#4F2D7F; color:#818A8F;"| Non-conference regular Schedule
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#4F2D7F; color:#818A8F;"| Southland Conference Schedule
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#4F2D7F; color:#818A8F;"| Southland Women's Tournament
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#4F2D7F; color:#818A8F;"| NCAA Women's Tournament
See also
2015–16 Central Arkansas Bears basketball team
References
Central Arkansas Sugar Bears basketball seasons
Central Arkansas
Central Arkansas Bears basketball team
Central Arkansas Bears basketball team
Central Arkansas
"Salute" is a song recorded by British girl group Little Mix for their second studio album of the same name (2013). It was released on 2 May 2014 as the album's third and final single. It was co-written by the group (Perrie Edwards, Leigh-Anne Pinnock, Jesy Nelson and Jade Thirlwall) alongside TMS (Thomas Barnes, Peter Kelleher and Ben Kohn) and Maegan Cottone, and produced by TMS. Lyrically, "Salute" is described as a girl-power song, with military metaphors and war sirens, drawing comparisons to Destiny's Child and Beyoncé's "Run the World (Girls)".
Music critics gave the song positive reviews, praising it for its empowering lyrics and military-inspired drum beats. Some even noticed it would fit perfectly as an opening song for the tour, as well as being one of the most elite tracks of 2013. The song became a top-ten hit in Scotland and United Kingdom, becoming the group's sixth top-ten single in the UK, while reaching the top-twenty in Ireland. To promote the song, the group performed for many TV shows, including Britain's Got Talent and on the Today show.
Background and release
After winning the eighth series of The X Factor UK, British girl-group Little Mix released their debut album, DNA, in November 2012. The album received generally favorable reviews from music critics, while also being a success on the charts, besides spawning the number-one single "Wings", as well as the top-three hit "DNA" and the top-twenty singles "Change Your Life" and "How Ya Doin'?". A few months later, the group stated that they were working on a new album, stating: " I think we probably might mature slightly for this album, but we want to keep the kind of uplifting message we had on the last one. [...] We're just gonna make it better; step it up." "It's definitely matured more and it's a bit more R&B," they completed in another interview. The girl group recorded material in Los Angeles with producers Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis, as well as TMS, who produced their number-one single "Wings". The production team produced six tracks on the album, including "Salute", which also became the album's title. On 5 April 2014, the group announced the track as the album's third single. They teased their single announcement with a video of them rehearsing a dance routine to the track alongside their backing dancers. Later, on 19 April 2014, the group revealed the single's cover art.
Composition and lyrics
"Salute" was written by band members Perrie Edwards, Jesy Nelson, Leigh-Anne Pinnock and Jade Thirlwall, with Thomas Barnes, Peter Kelleher, Ben Kohn and Maegan Cottone, while production was done by TMS. Cottone recorded their vocals, while also providing vocal arrangement, while Barnes was also responsible for drums, Kelleher provided keyboards and Kohn also contribute with bass. It was recorded at Starlight Sound. "Salute" features war sirens, stinging guitars and military chants, featuring hip hop beats and a trap experimentation. It starts with "an air raid siren – a warning and call to action - building to a frantic and frenetic climax," as noted by Jamie Clarke of So So Gay. Rachel McGrath of Entertainment Wise wrote that the song draws comparisons to Beyoncé and Destiny's Child, claiming that it has "Run The World (Girls)"-esque chant and strong beat. Harriet Gibsone of The Guardian also saw similarities, calling it a "Beyoncé boot-camp stomp." Phil Mongredien of The Observer wrote that the song "turns into 'Battlestar' by 90s boyband Five as it reaches its chorus."
Lyrically, "Salute" brims with girl-power motifs dressed up in military metaphors, affirming that being a woman is about more than just looking good: "You think we're just pretty things/You couldn't be more wrong/We're standing strong, carry on," they sing. Mongredien called it "a call to arms for the world's women." As noted by Nick Barnes of Unreality TV, "the girls try and recruit all the women out there to salute and join their army." Janelle Tucknott of Renowned for Sound went on to explain that the song "is all about women empowerment and joining together to fight a war, assumedly that of bullying and negativity and the struggle for equal rights." "'You think we're just pretty things. You couldn't be more wrong,' the girls sing, sending a message not only to any sexist standing out there but also to every woman who just needs a little motivation to believe in themselves," Kadeen Griffiths of Bustle noted. "We're standing strong. We carry on... can't stop a hurricane. Ladies, it's time to awake!."
Critical reception
Jon O'Brien wrote for Yahoo! that the song is "a perfect attitude-laden statement of intent." Lewis Corner of Digital Spy noted that the "Blitzkrieg siren and fierce attitude on female empowerment call-out 'Salute' is primed for an arena tour intro," while McGrath of Entertainment Wise called it "one of the strongest openers of 2013." Mongredien of The Observer thought that "it shouldn't work, but is delivered with such chutzpah that it has a certain ludicrous charm", while Clarke of So So Gay named it a "perfect, in-your-face opening track." Nick Barnes of Unreality TV was very positive, writing that the song "has everything you'd want in a track," noting that "Salute" "would serve as an amazing opening to the girls' tour to get the audience really pumped and it would, strangely, work as a single as it's very infectious."
Oysmita Majumder of Rolling Stone India ranked the song as the second-best feminist song of all-time.
Attitude named the song #8 on their list of 32 greatest Little Mixes singles writing "one of Little Mix's ongoing empowering themes of women sticking together standing up and for themselves."
Commercial performance
"Salute" debuted at number 74 on the UK Singles Chart week of 11 May 2014, becoming the "greatest gainer" the following week, climbing to number 51. It cracked the top-forty in its third week, climbing to number 35. After falling to number 40, the song climbed once again to number 24. The song peaked at number 6 the following week, on 21 June 2014, becoming the band's sixth top-ten single.
Music video
The music video for the song was directed by Colin Tilley. It premiered on YouTube on 2 May 2014. It features the band dancing in an underground warehouse with an entourage of male dancers, some of whom are on leads. As noted by Kadeen Grifiths of Bustle, band members Nelson and Edwards "even march with the men on leashes at one point. And yet they are next to her rather than behind her or beneath her, dancing with her rather than against her or in front of her, as if the girls wanted to be clear that men and woman are equal, but it's the women who are in control right now."
Live performances
Little Mix performed "Salute" live for the first time on Britain's Got Talent. They also performed the song on the Today Show on 18 June 2014 and during their set at the Summertime Ball on 21 June 2014.
Use in media
The song has been used in survival shows for K-pop trainees and was featured at the 2016 Summer Olympics. In 2017, Salute was used in a campaign advert for the England Women's football team ahead of the 2017 UEFA Women's Champions League. In 2018, it was selected as the official theme song for WWE Evolution, the company's first-ever all women's pay-per-view. In 2021, the song was ranked as one of the best girl power songs.
Track listing
Digital EP
"Salute" (Single Version) – 3:08
"Salute" (TroyBoi Remix) – 3:36
"Salute" (Anakyn Remix) – 5:12
"Move" (acoustic) – 2:57
"Who's Lovin' You" (a cappella) – 1:09
"Salute" (Single Version) (Instrumental) – 3:03
Charts
Certifications
Release history
References
2014 singles
Little Mix songs
Syco Music singles
2013 songs
Songs written by Peter Kelleher (songwriter)
Songs written by Tom Barnes (songwriter)
Songs written by Ben Kohn
Song recordings produced by TMS (production team)
Music videos directed by Colin Tilley
Songs with feminist themes
Piggly Wiggly Carolina Co. was a franchise of the Piggly Wiggly chain of supermarkets, based in South Carolina in the United States. The company entered a process of disposal of assets and dissolution in 2014.
History
Piggly Wiggly Wholesale was founded by Joseph T. Newton Jr. in 1947 when he purchased a Piggly Wiggly Franchise from the Piggly Wiggly Corporation. In 1958, Joe Newton's son-in-law, Burt Schools, joined the business followed by Joe's son, Joseph T. "Buzzy" Newton, III in 1962. Originally based in downtown Charleston, South Carolina, the company moved the main warehouse to North Charleston, South Carolina in 1959. In the decade that followed, Newton evolved the company from a being strictly a wholesaler operation to become a wholesaler to independent store owners and a supplier of the company's own retail stores. With the addition of thirty stores from Columbia-based Piggly Wiggly Carolina, the company changed its name to Piggly Wiggly Carolina Co. Under Joe Newton's guidance and leadership, Piggly Wiggly Carolina, and the name Piggly Wiggly, soon became household names, known for its national brands, fair prices, and friendly service.
In 1979, Joe Newton retired and became chairman of the board, and his son, Buzzy Newton, was named the president of Piggly Wiggly Carolina Company. In 1997, Joe Newton died and Burt Schools retired from the company to become chairman of the board.
In 1999, construction was completed on two large projects, a new corporate office building at Albemarle Point Center and a 612,000 sq. ft. distribution center in Berkeley County.
In 2005, the company becomes 100% employee owned and was the largest employee-owned, privately operated retail company in South Carolina, servicing over 100 retail stores with annual sales over $800 million and a workforce of over 6,000 employee-owners throughout South Carolina and southeastern Georgia.
In April 2007, after 45 years with Piggly Wiggly, Buzzy Newton retired as president and became chairman of the board. Upon Newton's retirement, David R. Schools, Burt Schools' son and Buzzy Newton's nephew, was named president of Piggly Wiggly Carolina Company.
In September 2013, it was announced that Piggly Wiggly Carolina would sell 29 of its stores to BI-LO and Harris Teeter; all but abandoning the Charleston, South Carolina and Savannah, Georgia markets. The company initiated the acquisition discussions as a means of addressing the debt incurred as a result of its recent ESOP conversion along with increasing competition, particularly around Charleston. In November of the same year, the company announced that they were shutting down their distribution centers in North Charleston and Jedburg, South Carolina. Going forward, the company's 32 remaining corporate stores and its 28 franchised locations would be supplied by C&S Wholesale Grocers' warehouse in Greenville, South Carolina.
In October 2014, Piggly Wiggly Carolina announced it was seeking approval from shareholders to approve the sale of its retail and wholesale grocery businesses by the end of 2014 and to dissolve the company entirely within the following three years. C&S Wholesale Grocers would acquire the operations, which included branding, marketing, store support, accounting and IT services, and Piggly Wiggly's Greenbax customer loyalty program for $9.3 million. The 20 remaining corporately owned stores would to be sold to independent operators while another 30 Piggly Wiggly stores that were independently operated were expected to remain under their current ownership. Proceeds from the sales would be used for participants in the company's employee stock ownership plan who would receive an estimated $55 per share. Also, an undisclosed number of senior executives would be paid a total of $700,000 to be split among them if they agree not to work for a competing business for at least four years.
Greenbax Enterprises
Greenbax Enterprises began as a sister corporation to Piggly Wiggly Carolina Company in the 1950s. Greenbax trading stamps are given with purchases, and these can be cashed in for discounts on groceries and merchandise that advertises the store. Greenbax discontinued the traditional paper stamps and began recording each customer's balance electronically on the Pig's Favorite Customer (PFC) card. Shoppers can electronically redeem Greenbax at Piggly Wiggly stores, the Greenbax Online Catalog, or at other partner business locations.
See also
Supermarkets in the United States
References
External links
Official Corporate Piggly Wiggly Website
Piggly Wiggly Carolina Website
Supermarkets of the United States
American companies established in 1947
Retail companies established in 1947
Retail companies disestablished in 2014
Companies based in Charleston, South Carolina
Paige Haley (born May 10, 1966) is an American musician and record producer.
Born and raised in Alameda, California, as Brad Armstrong. He is close friends with Jay Gordon, another member of their band Orgy. He used to paint houses for a living, and play gigs for local bands until eventually joining Orgy. He went on to achieve a "Diploma in Sound Engineering," and founded a company called Splizaz Music.
Musical projects
Past
Erotic Doll
Ringer
Orgy
Hellflower
Present
Julien-K
Dowry Death
Haley is currently involved with his side project, Drug For Joy. Whilst being the group's vocalist, he also plays the "Bello," a type of combination cello and bass guitar.
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
American male singers
Orgy (band) members
Alternative metal bass guitarists
American industrial musicians
Guitarists from California
20th-century American bass guitarists
Male bass guitarists
Industrial metal musicians
Philippines Campaign medal include:
Anti-Dissidence Campaign medal
Luzon Anti-Dissidence Campaign medal
Mindanao Anti-Dissidence Campaign medal
Visayas Anti-Dissidence Campaign medal
See also
Orders, decorations, and medals of the Philippines
Campaign medals
The East Jasper School District is a public school district based in Heidelberg, Mississippi (USA).
Schools
Heidelberg High School (Grades 7-12)
William J. Berry Elementary School (Grades K-6)
Demographics
2006-07 school year
There were a total of 1,217 students enrolled in the East Jasper School District during the 2006–2007 school year. The gender makeup of the district was 50% female and 50% male. The racial makeup of the district was 99.67% African American and 0.33% White. 90.3% of the district's students were eligible to receive free lunch.
Previous school years
Accountability statistics
See also
List of school districts in Mississippi
References
External links
East Jasper School District
Education in Jasper County, Mississippi
School districts in Mississippi
Antonijs Černomordijs (born 26 September 1996) is a Latvian football player. He plays for Riga. He is also the captain of the Latvia national football team.
Club career
He made his Cypriot First Division debut for Pafos on 26 August 2017 in a game against Ethnikos Achna.
International career
He made his debut for Latvia national football team on 6 September 2019 in a 2020 Euro qualifier against Austria, as a starter.
International goals
Scores and results list Latvia's goal tally first.
References
External links
1996 births
Sportspeople from Daugavpils
Living people
Latvian footballers
Latvia youth international footballers
Latvia under-21 international footballers
Latvia international footballers
BFC Daugavpils players
Lech Poznań II players
Riga FC players
Pafos FC players
Latvian Higher League players
III liga players
Cypriot First Division players
Latvian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Poland
Expatriate footballers in Cyprus
Association football defenders
Latvian expatriate sportspeople in Cyprus
Cape Pankof (also spelled Pan'kov and Pankov) and Pankov Rock are located on Unimak Island in the Aleutian Islands in the U.S. state of Alaska, at and respectively. They were named by Russian explorer Gavril Sarychev after the Aleut Toien (Chief) Sergey Pan'kov in 1791.
External links
, Pankov Vyacheslav (2000).
(на русском: Сайт Паньковых), Вячеслав Паньков.
Landforms of Aleutians East Borough, Alaska
Pankof
The AVN Award for Female Performer of the Year is presented every January in Las Vegas, Nevada at the AVN Awards ceremony sponsored and presented by the American adult video industry trade magazine Adult Video News (AVN). It represents the female porn star who has had the best body of work in the previous year. It has been given annually since 1993.
Tori Black was the first two-time winner, winning back-to-back in 2010 and 2011. Angela White was the first three-time winner, winning back-to-back-to-back in 2018, 2019 and 2020. As of January 2022, the titleholder is Gianna Dior.
Winners and nominees
1990s
2000s
2010s
2020s
See also
AVN Award for Best Actress
AVN Award for Best Supporting Actress
AVN Award for Female Foreign Performer of the Year
AVN Award for Transsexual Performer of the Year
AVN Award for Male Performer of the Year
AVN Award for Male Foreign Performer of the Year
AVN Award for Best Actor
AVN Award for Best Supporting Actor
References
External links
Female Performer of the Year
Awards established in 1993
Awards for actresses
Walt Disney and the 1964 World's Fair is a 2009 five-CD box set compiling music and audio from Disney's attractions at the 1964 New York World's Fair:
General Electric's Progressland, featuring the Carousel of Progress
Great Moments with Mr. Lincoln, presented by the State of Illinois
"it's a small world", presented by Pepsi
Ford's Magic Skyway
The set includes a 24-page booklet about the 1964 World's Fair researched and written by Stacia Martin, laid out by Bruce Gordon.
Critical reception
J. Scott McClintock of AllMusic gave the set four out of five stars, commenting, "the recordings, along with the lavishly illustrated 24-page booklet, paint an inspiring picture of the creativity and knack for innovation that the Disney 'imagineers' brought to these beloved attractions."
Film critic and historian Leonard Maltin called the set "impressive" and "a treat for Disneyphiles everywhere," also noting, "[t]he audio quality is astonishing, from start to finish: you'd swear you were in the room with the actors and musicians.
Track listing
Disc one: Progressland
"There's a Great Big Beautiful Tomorrow" music and lyrics by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman
There's a Great Big Beautiful Tomorrow - 4:44
Instrumental entrance and exit version
Welcome - 0:20
Excerpt from recording session with Rex Allen
Walt Disney and the Sherman Brothers - 2:33
Excerpt from film produced for General Electric
Carousel of Progress (Early Script Reading) - 3:07
Featuring Imagineers James Algar, Marty Sklar, and John Hench
Carousel of Progress - 19:29
The Skydome Spectacular - 7:59
The Toucan and Parrot Electric Utility Show - 8:46
Voices of Paul Frees, Wally Boag, and Dick Wesson
Music to Buy Toasters By (Medallion City) - 10:02
Instrumental bossa nova version of "There's a Great Big Beautiful Tomorrow"
Mirror Maze - 5:09
There's a Great Big Beautiful Tomorrow
(isolated instrumental pieces from the final show)
Kaleidophonic° Overture - 3:18
1890s Variation - 0:46
Dixieland Variation - 1:46
1920s Variation - 0:46
1930s Variation - 0:48
Swing Variation - 1:05
1960s Variation - 0:48
Horizons Variation (Epcot) - 1:09
Version from Epcot's Horizons pavilion
Bonus disc
Carousel of Progress (Alternate Universe Version) - 27:10
A fully scored, full-length version of Carousel of Progress with an alternate script
Disc two: Great Moments with Mr. Lincoln
Walt Disney introduction - :58
Promotional message by Walt Disney
Pre-show: The Illinois Story - 6:02
Main show: Great Moments with Mr. Lincoln - 9:11
Voice of Royal Dano as Abraham Lincoln
Pre-show score - 10:18
Main show score - 8:13
Scores by Buddy Baker
Dialog recording session - 5:33
With show writer James Algar and Royal Dano
Chorus - 1:37
Finale: "The Battle Hymn of the Republic"
Disc three: "it's a small world"
"It's a Small World" music and lyrics by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman
Queue/entrance music - 3:07
Arranged by Bobby Hammack
First demo recording - 1:06
Walt Disney welcome - 9:16
Vocals (isolated) - 2:16
The Ultimate MegaMix - 20:56
Every segment, presented in order of recording
Exit music - 2:40
Disneyland Paris variation I - 2:07
Disneyland Paris variation II - 1:29
Disneyland Paris variations arranged by John Debney
Chorus - :24
"it's a small world" - 21:21
The final version of the attraction
Disc four: Magic Skyway
World of Tomorrow - 3:01
Composed by George Bruns
The Magic Skyway - 10:55
Narrated by Walt Disney
International Gardens
Pavilion atmosphere music
The South American Way - 2:47
Flubber Waltz (alt. NYWF title: Viennese) - 4:41
Originally composed by George Bruns for the film The Absent-Minded Professor
Serengeti Serenade - 4:05
Later used in the opening titles for The Jungle Book
Moonlight Time in Old Hawaii - 3:04
Nation on Wheels - 1:44
Originally composed by George Bruns for the television episode "Magic Highway U.S.A."
Flyin' Ford - 2:56
Originally composed by George Bruns for the film The Absent-Minded Professor
La Gaviota [The Seagull] - 3:13
Originally composed by George Bruns for Zorro TV series
Disneyland° - 3:09
Originally composed by George Bruns with lyrics by Larry Morey for the Disneyland TV series
Auto Parts Harmonic - 8:58
Dialog recording session - 8:28
Walt Disney's recording session
Get the Feel of the Wheel (Ford March) - 6:13
Composed by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman
(° Written erroneously in booklet CD track listing, corrected here.)
References
External links
Information at Walt Disney Records website (archived version)
2009 compilation albums
Walt Disney Records compilation albums
World's fair music
1964 New York World's Fair
2009 soundtrack albums
Walt Disney Records soundtracks
Slap () is a village in the Vipava Valley west of the town of Vipava in the traditional Inner Carniola region of Slovenia. It is now generally regarded as part of the Slovenian Littoral.
Church
The parish church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint Matthew and belongs to the Koper Diocese.
References
External links
Slap at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Vipava
Ove Lars Gösta Malmberg (17 May 1933 – 23 June 2022) was a Swedish ice hockey defenceman and Olympian.
Malmberg played with Team Sweden at the 1956 Winter Olympics held in Cortina d'Ampezzo, Italy. He also played for Djurgårdens IF Hockey and IK Göta in the Swedish Elite League.
References
External links
1933 births
2022 deaths
Djurgårdens IF Hockey players
Ice hockey players at the 1956 Winter Olympics
IK Göta Ishockey players
Olympic ice hockey players of Sweden
Ice hockey people from Stockholm
Swedish ice hockey defencemen
Over my dead body may refer to:
Film and television
Over My Dead Body (1942 film), an American comedy mystery film
Over My Dead Body (1995 film), a German romantic comedy film
Over My Dead Body, a 2007 documentary produced by Vickie Gest
Over My Dead Body (2012 Canadian film), a documentary film
Over My Dead Body (2012 South Korean film), a crime comedy film
Over My Dead Body (TV series), a 1990–1991 American detective drama series
"Over My Dead Body" (Grimm), a 2012 TV episode
"Over My Dead Body" (Pretty Little Liars), a 2011 TV episode
Literature
Over My Dead Body (novel), a 1940 Nero Wolfe novel by Rex Stout
Over My Dead Body (1957) and Over My Dead Body: Forty Years On (1996), books by June Opie
Music
Over My Dead Body (band), an American straight-edge hardcore band
"Over My Dead Body" (song), a 2011 song by Drake
Other uses
Over My Dead Body (play), a 1989 play by Michael Sutton and Anthony Fingleton
Over My Dead Body (podcast), an American true-crime podcast
Over My Dead Body (Ramon Casas), an 1893 painting by Ramon Casas
See also
"Over My Dead Bodyguard", a 1986 episode of Sledge Hammer!
Over Her Dead Body, a 2008 comedy film directed by Jeff Lowell
Over Her Dead Body (2022 film), a Nigerian film by Sola Osofisan
Over Her Dead Body: Death, Femininity and the Aesthetic, a 1992 book by Elisabeth Bronfen
Laconic phrase
Molon labe
Andrzej K. Koźmiński (born 1 April 1941 in Warsaw, Poland) is a professor of management, the founder of Kozminski University (named after his late father, Leon Koźmiński), 1993–2011 the rector of this school, and currently its president.
He currently is one of two Polish Academies of Sciences members in management science.
He was a Fulbright scholar at Carnegie Mellon University in 1971, as well as a visiting professor at University of California, Los Angeles (1990–1996), Washington University (1978–1979), Central Connecticut State University (1986–1989), and other schools. Since 2006 he has served on the advisory board of École supérieure de commerce de Rouen as conseil d‘Administration.
Before starting up Kozminski University, he held a professorship at Warsaw University, joint at the Department of Sociology and the Department of Management (which he headed 1981–1987). He served on the managing board of European Foundation for Management Development 1995–2001. He was a member of the Prime Minister's Board for Socio-economic Strategies committee 1995–2006.
Selected works
A. K. Козьминьски, В. П. Буянов, Д. Емельняк, A. A. Хачатуров (2010), Основы управления. Учебник для высших учебных заведений Moskwa: Московская Акаденмия Экономики и Права
Mary Jo Hatch, Monika Kostera, Andrzej K. Koźmiński (2005) The Three Faces of Leadership: Manager, Artist, Priest Blackwell Publishing Oxford
Andrzej K. Koźmiński, George S. Yip (ed.) (2000) Strategies for Central and Eastern Europe, MacMillan Business London, St. Martin‘s Press New York.
Krzysztof Obłój, Donald P. Cushman, Andrzej K. Koźmiński (1995) Winning. Continuous Improvement in High Performance Organizations, SUNY Press Albany
Andrzej K. Koźmiński (1993) Catching Up? Case Studies of Organizational and Management Change in the Ex-Socialist Block, SUNY Press, Albany
Andrzej K. Kozminski, Donald P. Cushman (ed.) (1993) Organizational Communication and Management. A Global Perspective, SUNY Press, Albany
References
1941 births
Living people
Kozminski University faculty
Polish economists
Sir Edward Stanley Gotch Robinson, FBA (1887–1976), usually known as (Sir) Stanley Robinson, was a numismatist, specializing in Greek and Roman coins. He was Keeper of the Department of Coins and Medals at the British Museum.
Biography
Robinson studied at Clifton College, Bristol, and Christ Church, Oxford. He joined the British School in Athens, 1910–11, and then the Department of Coins and Medals at the British Museum in 1912. He enlisted in the army in 1914, but was wounded in combat in France, and, after a stint at the Home Office, returned to the British Museum, eventually becoming Deputy Keeper in 1936, and Keeper (Head) of the Department, 1949–52. He was then appointed Reader in Numismatics, at the University of Oxford, and advised art collector Calouste Gulbenkian on his numismatic collection which is now on display in the Calouste Gulbenkian Museum. He retired in 1955, but continued to advise in the Heberden Coin Room at the Ashmolean Museum, Oxford, to which he endowed his own collection in 1964. The ESG Robinson Trust continues to support numismatics.
He married Pamela Horsley in 1917.
Awards and honours
1910 Winner of the Barclay Head Prize
1955 Awarded an honorary doctorate from the University of Oxford
1972 Robinson was knighted
Selected publications
1911 "Inscriptions from Lycia", Journal of Hellenic Studies 34 (1914), pp. 1–35 (with H.A. Ormerod).
1914 "Coins from Lycia and Pamphylia." Journal of Hellenic Studies 34 (1914), pp. 36–46.
1915 "Quaestiones Cyrenaicae", Numismatic Chronicle, 4th series, no. 15 (1915), pp. 53–104, 137–178, 249–293.
1920 "A find of coins of Sinope", Numismatic Chronicle, 4th series, no. 20 (1920), pp. 1–16.
1927 Catalogue of the Greek coins of Cyrenaica (London: British Museum).
1931 The Collection of Capt. E.G. Spencer-Churchill, M.C., of Northwick Park [and] The Salting Collection in the Victoria and Albert Museum (London: H. Milford, Oxford University Press).
1931 Sylloge Nummorum Graecorum (British Academy).
1933 (with Harold Mattingly) The Date of the Roman Denarius and Other Landmarks in Early Roman Coinage (London: H. Milford).
1933 Lloyd, Albert Hugh. The Lloyd Collection (London: H. Milford, Oxford University Press).
1936 (with John Allan and Harold Mattingly) Transactions of the International Numismatic Congress, Royal Numismatic Society.
1936 The Newnham Davis Coins in the Wilson Collection of Classical and Eastern Antiquities, Marischal College, Aberdeen (London: H. Milford, Oxford University Press)
1937 "A gold comb – or pin-head from Egypt", Journal of Hellenic Studies 57 (1937), p. 79.
1946 "Rhegion, Zankle-Messana and the Samians", Journal of Hellenic Studies 66 (1946), pp. 13–20.
1951 "The coins from the Ephesian Artemision reconsidered", Journal of Hellenic Studies 71 (1951), pp. 156–67.
1958 The Beginnings of Achaemenid Coinage, Numismatic Chronicle 18 (1958), pp. 187–93.
1973 "A hoard of Greek coins from Southern Anatolia?", Revue numismatique, 6th series, no. 15 (1973), pp. 229–237.
For a complete list of publications, see "Bibliography of Stanley Robinson's works 1914–1966" in Colin M. Kraay and G. Kenneth Jenkins (eds), Essays in Greek Coinage Presented to Stanley Robinson (Oxford: Clarendon Press), 1968, pp. 259–263.
References
Further reading
C. H. V. Sutherland, "Edward Stanley Gotch Robinson, 1887–1976", Proceedings of the British Academy, vol. 63 (1977), pp. 423–440.
External links
"Sir Edward Robinson Authority on Greek Coins." The Times (London). June 15, 1976; p. 16.
E S G Robinson on Digital Library Numis
E S G Robinson on Oxford Dictionary of National Biography (by Nicholas Mayhew)
E S G Robinson in National Archives
E S G Robinson in Dictionary of Art Historians
1887 births
1976 deaths
Employees of the British Museum
People associated with the Ashmolean Museum
British curators
English numismatists
is a Shinto shrine in Minato-ku, Nagoya, Aichi Prefecture, Japan.
Services
Annual Services
January 1: New Year's Celebration
Setsubun (in February): Setsubun Festival
Vernal equinox: Ceremony for the spirits of the deceased of Tsukiji
Around the Vernal Equinox: Service to comfort the spirits of people who have died working at Nagoya Port
July 18: Nagoya Port's Summer Festival
July 30: Chi-no-wakaguri, a Shinto purification ritual involving walking through a large ring of rope
October 10: Kotohira-gū Festival and Izumo-taisha Festival
October 23: this shrine's annual festival
November 23: ceremonial offering by the Emperor of newly harvested rice to the deities
Akihasan Hongū Akiha Jinja Festival
December 31: New Year's Eve Festival and Purification Ceremony
Monthly Services
Every month on the 1st, 15th, and 23rd: a monthly festival
References
Shinto shrines in Aichi Prefecture
No Other Life is a novel by Northern Irish-Canadian writer Brian Moore, published in 1993.
The novel is set in the future, on the fictional Caribbean island of Ganae (based loosely on Haiti). The story is told by Father Paul Michel, a Canadian missionary to Ganae, as a letter to himself about the life he has led. Father Paul supports a young priest, Jeannot, in his rebellion against Ganae's despotic ruler Uncle D.
Reception
Reviewing the novel for The Independent, its critic Tom Adair said: "No Other Life dovetails questions of allegiance, tests of faith and the clash of cultures into a fiction of ideas tied at its heart to real lives lived. It is Moore's best work by far since Black Robe; at times it bites like a truly great novel. If pleasure indeed corrupts the soul, then this very novel is a 24-carat sin."
Henry Louis Gates Jr. in The New York Times described it as "a brilliant meditation on spiritual indeterminacy, on the struggle between religious and temporal faith – on the question of how (or even whether) religious belief should be expressed in the political realm".
Publishers Weekly described Moore's novel as "a work as compelling as his Booker-shortlisted Lies of Silence...This is the best writing Moore has done in many years, and certainly bears comparison with that other 20th-century classic about Haiti, Graham Greene's The Comedians."
Writing in The Independent in 2009, Stephen Smith, in a re-evaluation of the novel, explains that Moore, influenced by Graham Greene, "took a lead from the story of Jean-Bertrand Aristide and his real-life progress from rags to spiritual riches" and shows how the life of Moore's protagonist predicts the eventual political fate of Haiti's leader. "Moore's literary prescience, comparable to Greene's prefiguring the Cuban missile crisis in Our Man in Havana, has to the best of my knowledge never been remarked on".
References
Further reading
Liam Gearon. "No Other Life: death and Catholicism in the novels of Brian Moore", April 1998, Journal of Beliefs and Values 19(1):33-46. DOI:10.1080/1361767980190103
DeWitt Henry: "The Novels of Brian Moore: a retrospective" in Ploughshares issue 6, Fall 1974
Patrick Hicks: "Waiting for Jeannot: The (de)Construction of History in Brian Moore's No Other Life", Studies in Canadian Literature, Volume 24, Number 2 (1999)
Allen Shepherd. “The Perfect Role of the Outsider: Brian Moore's No Other Life.” New England Review (1990–), vol. 16, no. 3, Middlebury College Publications, 1994, pp. 164–167, http://www.jstor.org/stable/40242898.
1993 British novels
1993 Canadian novels
Alfred A. Knopf books
Bloomsbury Publishing books
Doubleday (publisher) books
Novels by Brian Moore (novelist)
Novels set in the Caribbean
Amália dos Passos Figueiroa (August 31, 1845 – September 24, 1878) was a Brazilian poet and journalist.
Biography
Figueiroa was born in Porto Alegre to the Portuguese journalist Manoel dos Passos Figueiroa and the Brazilian Ana Cândida da Rocha Figueiroa. Her father died when she was four years and she became a depressed and melancholic adolescent. However, due to her sensibility, during this period she started to write lyrical poems for the local newspapers, including A Reforma (The Reform). A Romantic, she had among her influences Gonçalves Dias, José de Alencar, Alvares de Azevedo and Casimiro de Abreu.
At 24 she left her hometown to go to Rio de Janeiro along with her brother, José, an engineer and professor at the Polytechnic School of Federal University of Rio de Janeiro. There, she was encouraged by some intellectuals of the Imperial Court, who appreciated her work, to publish poems in the local A Luz (The Light) and Pelotas' Progresso Literário (Literary Progress). After a period of happiness in Rio she returned with her brother to Porto Alegre where her memories persecuted here.
Her joy was recovered when she met the poet and goldsmith Carlos Ferreira during a literary event. Ferreira became the "center of her life", according to a biographer, and they soon got engaged. Her poetry style was affected by that relationship; the wistful love, she once wrote about, turned into a vivid love in her poems, in which she revealed her inner feelings. During this period she entered the Sociedade Partenon Literário (Parthenon Literary Society), a group whose main ideas were the Romantism and regionalism. She published works on Partenon's monthly journal and local newspapers to critical and public acclaim.
Her works were not limited to love poems, though; Figueiroa wrote nationalistic pieces inspired by the Paraguayan War (1864–1870) that she considered as a sovereignty-driven enterprise. She also supported the Abolitionist movement and women's right through her poems. In 1872, she published her only book, Crepúsculos (Twilights), through the printing office of Jornal do Comércio (Commerce Journal).
She was happier than ever until the day Pedro II and Teresa Cristina came to Porto Alegre's São Pedro Theatre to receive a homage. During the reception, Ferreira declaimed a poem that impressed the emperor who offered to pay his studies in Rio de Janeiro. Ferreira accepted to Figueiroa's second great disappointment after the death of her father. At first, she was reluctant to believe but when it became clear she locked herself in her house and did not want to eat. She went through mental alienation and later she was diagnosed with tuberculosis. Aged 33, she died from tuberculosis on September 24, 1878.
A street is named after her in the neighborhood Partenon and she is the patroness of the sixth chair of Feminine Literary Academy of Rio Grande do Sul.
References
1845 births
1878 deaths
19th-century deaths from tuberculosis
Brazilian journalists
Brazilian people of Portuguese descent
19th-century Brazilian poets
People from Porto Alegre
Brazilian women journalists
Brazilian women poets
19th-century Brazilian women writers
Tuberculosis deaths in Rio Grande do Sul
The Ciconiae Nixae was a landmark, or more likely two separate landmarks, in the Campus Martius of ancient Rome. In A New Topographical Dictionary of Ancient Rome, Lawrence Richardson regards a single site called Ciconiae Nixae as "hypothetical," noting that the subject "has long exercised topographers." The two words are juxtaposed in the regionary lists and located in Region IX near the Tiber River. The 4th-century calendar of Filocalus notes vaguely that the October Horse happened ad nixas, "at the Nixae," suggesting that the regionaries' Ciconiae ("Storks") ought to be taken as a separate entry. Inscriptional evidence also indicates that the Ciconiae was a separate landmark, and that it had to do with wine shipments brought in on the Tiber.
The Storks
While Ciconiae means "storks," its supposed connection here to nixae, the past participle of nitor, "support" or "strive," is less clear. Richardson's predecessor Samuel Ball Platner maintained the integrity of the phrase and conjectured that the Ciconiae Nixae was "a certain district of the city, probably an open square, in which there was a statue, or perhaps a relief on one of the surrounding buildings, of two or more storks with crossed bills." William Warde Fowler gathered that the Ciconiae were "three storks carved in stone with bills crossing each other," and that the landmark had not existed during the Republican era.
Earlier scholars hypothesized about the form of the Ciconiae based on comparative imagery. The iconography of three storks is also known from Greece and Gaul, though the birds in the latter case are three cranes (trigaranos; see also geranos, the "crane dance" of Theseus). It can be difficult to distinguish between storks and cranes in depictions, and ancient literature frequently confuses or conflates the two birds. At Byzantium, three stone storks, positioned to face or intersect with each other, formed one of the protective talismans of the city. Hesychius says that Apollonius of Tyana installed them to scare off real storks, blamed for poisoning the water supply by dropping venomous snakes into the cisterns. The perceived power of a three-storks image is indicated by Hesychius's claim that the Byzantine device was effective even up to his own time.
The Latin word grus, like the English word "crane," can refer to either the bird or a machine. The word ciconia similarly can mean both "stork" and a type of machine, hence leading to the conjecture that the landmark was a derrick or crane for moving wine shipments from the Tiber for land transport; however, this usage appears to be found only in the dialect of Roman Spain, and means "shadoof," an irrigation apparatus. Regardless of why the location was known as the Ciconiae — a representation of storks remains as good a guess as any — an inscription twice mentions that taxes were paid there pertaining to shipments of wine.
Since the stork was a symbol of pietas, it has also been conjectured that the Ciconiae were associated with an altar to Pietas that the emperor Hadrian had dedicated when his wife Sabina was made divine.
The Nixae
The annual sacrifice of the October Horse was held ad Nixas, within the Tarentum in the general area of the Campus Martius. The site is most likely an altar to the birth deities known as the Nixae or di nixi.
References
Topography of the ancient city of Rome
Campus Martius
Andrew Eric Ferrell (born 9 January 1984) is an English footballer. He played in League Two for Hereford United during the 2006–07 season.
Career
Born in Newcastle upon Tyne, Tyne and Wear, Ferrell began his career as a trainee in the youth system at hometown club Newcastle United, before signing a professional contract on 5 December 2002. He was released at the end of the 2003–04 season without making an appearance for the first team although he had impressed for the reserve team, scoring 11 goals in 21 starts. He signed a one-year contract with Watford on 7 July 2004, where he made two appearances in the League Cup in the 2004–05 season, scoring the winning goal in the first round against Cambridge United. He made no other appearances for Watford and left the club at the end of the season when his contract was not renewed.
After trials at Darlington, Forest Green Rovers and Hereford United, Ferrell signed for Conference National outfit Hereford on 9 August 2005. In his first season with the club, he was a regular in central midfield, making 38 appearances and scoring two goals in all competitions as Hereford reached the 2006 Conference National play-off Final and won promotion to League Two in May 2006. He signed a new one-year contract in April 2006 to keep him at Hereford for the 2006–07 season. In his second season with the club, he was in and out of the starting XI, making 27 league and cup appearances, but scored in the 4–0 win over League One side Port Vale in the FA Cup.
With the return of Ben Smith, his first team opportunities were limited and he was loaned to Conference National team Kidderminster Harriers in March 2007 for the remainder of the 2006–07 season. However, he picked up a groin injury in his first game, which ended his season prematurely. He was released at the end of the season and subsequently signed for Kidderminster on a permanent contract. He made 42 league and cup appearances for Kidderminster in the 2007–08 season and signed a new one-year contract in May 2008.
He signed for fellow Conference Premier team York City on 19 May 2009. He made his debut in a 2–1 defeat to Oxford United on 8 August. He scored for York in a 3–2 victory over Tamworth with a shot from outside the penalty area. He scored a penalty kick to give York a 1–0 victory over Corby Town in the FA Trophy third round, which proved to be his final appearance for the club after signing a one-and-a-half year contract for Gateshead on 1 February 2010 for a fee of £3,500, making his debut on 6 February against Mansfield Town. Ferrell scored his first goal for Gateshead on 9 October in a 3–1 home victory against Tamworth. Having failed to affirm his place in the team he was transfer listed by Gateshead on 20 January 2011.
On 1 March it was announced that Ferrell would join Barrow on a one-month loan on 3 March, after playing for Gateshead reserves in the Durham Challenge Cup the previous day. He made his debut for Barrow on 5 March in a 0–0 draw with York. He scored his first goal for Barrow on 15 March in a 4–2 win away at Southport. Ferrell was released by Gateshead on 4 May 2011 and signed a one-year contract with former club Barrow on 22 June. He joined Conference North side Blyth Spartans on a one-month loan on 12 March 2012. Ferrell scored on his debut for Blyth the following day in a 3–3 draw away at Droylsden, and went on to play seven times for the Northumberland club during his loan spell.
Ferrell signed for Northern League Division One side Bedlington Terriers on 10 July 2012. However, he was arrested in September 2012, and in June 2013 he was sentenced to 4 years in prison for his part in a major drug-dealing gang He served two years before being released.
He subsequently signed for Ashington in September 2014, before joining Whitley Bay in March 2015. He was appointed manager of Bedlington in May 2015 and was relieved of his duties in September 2016 after overseeing relegation in his first season.
Style of play
Ferrell is able to play as a central midfielder or left midfielder and his play has been described as being combative.
Career statistics
Honours
Hereford United
Conference National play-offs: 2005–06
Footnotes
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
Footballers from Newcastle upon Tyne
English footballers
Association football midfielders
Newcastle United F.C. players
Watford F.C. players
Hereford United F.C. players
Kidderminster Harriers F.C. players
York City F.C. players
Gateshead F.C. players
Barrow A.F.C. players
Blyth Spartans A.F.C. players
Bedlington Terriers F.C. players
Ashington A.F.C. players
Whitley Bay F.C. players
English Football League players
National League (English football) players
Northern Football League players
English football managers
Bedlington Terriers F.C. managers
The Courageous Turk, or Amurath I is a play by the Jacobean dramatist Thomas Goffe, first performed in 1618 and published posthumously in 1632. The plot is based primarily on passages from The generall historie of the Turkes by Richard Knolles. The play purports to be an account of the life of the Ottoman Emperor Murad I, called "Amurath," but it also incorporates elements from Knolles's description of the life of Mehmed II.
In the play, Amurath falls in love with a Greek captive, Eumorphe. His tutor Lala Schahin convinces Amurath to kill her and return to military conquests. The play concludes with the first Battle of Kosovo, in which Amurath is victorious but is killed by the Serbian hero Cobelitz. His older son Baiazet succeeds him but is forced to kill his younger brother to avoid competition for the throne.
References
O'Malley, Susan Gushee, ed. A Critical Old-Spelling Edition of Thomas Goffe's The Courageous Turk. New York: Garland, 1979.
McJannet, Linda and Bernadette Andrea, eds. Early Modern England and Islamic Worlds. NY: Palgrave, 2011.
English Renaissance plays
1618 plays
Chota (also spelled Chote, Echota, Itsati, and other similar variations) is a historic Overhill Cherokee town site in Monroe County, Tennessee, in the southeastern United States. Developing after nearby Tanasi, Chota () was the most important of the Overhill towns from the late 1740s until 1788. It replaced Tanasi as the de facto capital, or 'mother town' of the Cherokee people.
A number of prominent Cherokee leaders were born or resided at Chota, among them Attakullakulla, Oconostota, Old Hop, Old Tassel, Hanging Maw, and Nancy Ward.
The former Chota and Tanasi sites are listed together on the National Register of Historic Places; Tanasi also has an archaeological site designation (40MR62) assigned in 1972. Since 1979, both sites have been mostly submerged by the Tellico Lake impoundment of the Little Tennessee River. Archeological excavations were conducted before the dam was completed.
During the excavations, the site of the Chota townhouse was found. Major Cherokee towns were centered around a large townhouse or councilhouse, the site of community meetings of hundreds of people. These were usually built on top of an existing platform mound in the center of the town. These earthworks had typically been built by ancestral peoples of the South Appalachian Mississippian or earlier cultures.
Prior to the flooding of Tellico Reservoir, the Chota townhouse site was raised above the reservoir's operating levels and connected via a causeway to the mainland. The Chota monument, situated directly above the ancient townhouse site, consists of eight pillars —one for each of the seven Cherokee clans, and one for the nation. The grave of Chief Oconostota, found in the 1969 excavations, was re-interred next to the monument. This site is now managed by the federally recognized Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians, based in Cherokee, North Carolina.
Geography
The Little Tennessee River enters Tennessee from its source in the Appalachian Mountains and flows for just over through parts of Blount, Monroe, and Loudon counties before joining the Tennessee River near present-day Lenoir City. Tellico Lake, created by the completion of Tellico Dam in 1979, spans the lowest of the river. The Chota site is located approximately above the mouth of the river, opposite a sharp bend in the river known as Bacon's Bend.
Both Chota and Tanasi were developed by the Cherokee on a relatively flat terrace along the river, flanked by steep hills rising to the south. These hills are part of the Appalachian Ridge-and-Valley Physiographic Province, which is characterized by narrow, elongate ridges and steep hills. The Great Smoky Mountains and the Unicoi Mountains, both part of the main Appalachian crest, rise a few miles to the southeast and southwest, respectively.
The Tanasi and Chota monuments are located just off Highway 360 (Citico Road) on Bacon Ferry Road, which ends in a cul-de-sac parking lot. A short, maintained trail connects the parking lot to the Chota monument.
History
Rise of Chota
Tanasi is first mentioned in early 18th-century documents as the base or destination of various English colonial traders and diplomats. Tanasi appears on multiple maps of the Overhill territory produced in the 1720s and 1730s, but Chota does not. This suggests that Chota may have been part of Tanasi, or may not have been considered a town before the 1740s. In the 1720s, the head man of Tanasi— known simply as the "Tanasi Warrior"— was the chief of the Overhill towns in what is now Tennessee, and the Middle and Valley towns in Western North Carolina. Chota does not appear in historical records until around 1745.
In 1730, however, Moytoy of Tellico, with the help of English emissary Alexander Cuming, was crowned "Emperor of the Cherokee." This effectively shifted the overall capital to his town of Great Tellico, where Moytoy was chief. When Moytoy died in 1741, his son, Amouskositte, attempted to succeed him as emperor.
But Conocotocko, called Old Hop by the English, was the head man at Chota and began to consolidate power. By 1753 Chota had usurped Great Tellico as the "mother town" of the Overhill Cherokee.
Around this time, on the eve of the French and Indian War, the Cherokee were reportedly leaning toward the French side, prompting the English colonies of Virginia and South Carolina to increase contact with leaders of the Overhill towns in order to strengthen an alliance. Virginia sent Major Andrew Lewis with 60 men to build a fort at Chota, which was completed in August 1756. It was never garrisoned because the Cherokee allied with the English against the French. Later that year, South Carolina sent engineer William de Brahm with 300 men to build Fort Loudoun, which was completed on the Little Tennessee River in March 1757.
By 1760, relations between the British and Cherokee had soured, breaking into conflict in the Anglo-Cherokee War. After officials in South Carolina killed nearly two dozen Cherokee chiefs held as hostages, warriors laid siege to Fort Loudoun. After several months, the garrison surrendered. The Cherokee killed many of them as they struggled to return to Virginia. The Cherokee took plunder from the fort to Chota.
Timberlake's visit, 1761-62
After the fall of Fort Loudoun, the English attacked the Cherokee again, and the Overhill towns sued for peace. This was granted in the Treaty of Long Island in 1761. Virginia dispatched a friendship delegation led by colonist and military officer Henry Timberlake to solidify peace with the Overhill towns. He reached Chota in late December 1761, accompanied by Ostenaco (the head Cherokee man at Tomotley). At a ceremony inside the Chota townhouse, Ostenaco ceremoniously buried a hatchet, symbolizing peace between the British and Cherokee, and the parties smoked ritual tobacco in peace pipes. Timberlake spent the night in Old Hop's "hot-house" (a circular dwelling used by the Overhill Cherokee in cooler months) before proceeding to Citico the next day.
Timberlake kept a journal, which was published posthumously as his memoirs. He also made a detailed map of the Cherokee towns along the river, entitled "Draught of the Cherokee Country". It recorded 52 dwellings and a townhouse at Chota. He listed chiefs, the number of warriors, and general population for each of the major towns. Conocotocko (Old Hop) was listed as governor of both Chota and Tanasi. The 175 warriors available at Chota made up the second-largest contingent among the Overhill towns, behind only Citico.
Decline
At the outbreak of the American Revolution, the Cherokee aligned with the British, hoping to expel American colonists from their territory. In 1776, Dragging Canoe (the head man at Mialoquo) and Old Abraham of Chilhowee led an unsuccessful two-pronged attack against Fort Watauga and Heaton's Station. In response, Virginia sent Colonel William Christian with a small force to subdue the Overhill towns. Christian entered the Little Tennessee Valley unopposed and negotiated a truce with chiefs Attakullakulla and Oconastota. When Dragging Canoe refused to negotiate, however, Christian destroyed the towns of Great Tellico, Citico, Mialoquo, Chilhowee, and Toqua.
In 1780, John Sevier, who had just returned from the Battle of Kings Mountain, led an invasion of the Overhill country in response to several attacks by Cherokee on American settlements. His party destroyed most of the remaining Overhill towns, including their capital, Chota.
The Cherokee rebuilt Chota by 1784, but it never recovered its former status. In 1788, Old Tassel— who had become the leader of the Overhill towns, was murdered with another chief by Americans under a flag of truce at Chilhowee. Largely in response to this atrocity, the Cherokee moved their capital south to Ustanali, near what developed as modern Calhoun, Georgia.
In the late 1790s, the Duke of Orleans paid a visit to the American fort known as Tellico Blockhouse while on a tour of East Tennessee. There the duke watched more than 600 Cherokees engage in a ritual "ballplay" at Chota; he bet six gallons of brandy on the outcome. By this time, only five dwellings remained standing in the town.
Archaeology
In the 1880s, Cyrus Thomas, working for the Smithsonian Institution, conducted a survey of ancient earthwork mounds in the Little Tennessee Valley. Thomas excavated a mound at the Chota site and uncovered several artifacts. The site was undisturbed for decades.
In 1939, a University of Tennessee team, mainly under the auspices of Thomas Lewis and Madeline Kneburg, conducted excavations at the Chota site. Laborers were paid by the Works Projects Administration during the Great Depression. Their findings, which Lewis and Kneburg hoped would provide comparison data for their Hiwassee Island findings, included 85 pit features, 12 burials, and one structure.
After the Tennessee Valley Authority announced plans in 1967 to build Tellico Dam, which would flood several historic Cherokee sites, the University of Tennessee initiated a plan to conduct salvage archeological excavations throughout the Little Tennessee Valley. Excavations were conducted at Chota between 1969 and 1974, as litigation stalled the dam project. The excavations uncovered 783 features (mostly refuse pits), the postmold layouts of 31 structures, and 91 burials. Burial 10, uncovered in 1969, was identified by its grave goods (namely a pair of wire spectacles) as that of Chief Oconostota. Thousands of stone and ceramic artifacts were uncovered, including projectile points dating to the Archaic period (8000–1000 B.C.).
The structures uncovered at Chota included two townhouses, one of which had a diameter of and another a diameter of just over . The smaller townhouse, which was slightly older, may have been the Tanasi townhouse. Other structures included a x summer pavilion flanked by a x village plaza, and 11 rectangular summer dwelling/circular winter dwelling pairings. Dwellings were spaced between and apart and were located up to from the townhouse. One of the dwellings was classified as Early Mississippian culture (c. 1000–1300 A.D.), while the others were historic Cherokee.
In 1986, the burials revealed at the Chota site were reinterred in a burial mound at the Sequoyah Museum, near Vonore. The exception was the remains of Oconostota, which were buried next to the Chota monument over the townhouse site, as desired by the Cherokee.
Chota monument
The eight pillars stand for the seven clans and one for the Cherokee nation as a whole.
See also
New Echota
References
External links
Frank H. McClung Museum
Eastern Band of the Cherokee Nation
Cherokee towns in Tennessee
History of the Cherokee
Protected areas of Monroe County, Tennessee
Archaeological sites on the National Register of Historic Places in Tennessee
Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians
National Register of Historic Places in Monroe County, Tennessee
American Revolution on the National Register of Historic Places
Yazlıca is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çubuk District
Fettahlı, Antalya is a village in the District of Antalya, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Antalya District
Franklin Rockefeller (August 8, 1845 – April 15, 1917) was an American businessman and member of the prominent Rockefeller family.
Early life
He and his younger twin sister Frances, who died young, were born on August 8, 1845, in Moravia, New York. They were the youngest children of con artist William Avery "Bill" Rockefeller (1810–1906) and Eliza Davison (1813–1889). His two older brothers were Standard Oil co-founders John Davison Rockefeller (1839–1937) and William Avery Rockefeller Jr. (1841–1922).
Rockefeller's early years were spent in Richford, New York. With his father, he moved to Cleveland, Ohio, which would be the home base of his business endeavors.
Career
In September 1861, while still underage, he joined the 7th Ohio Infantry and participated as an infantryman in the battles of Winchester, Port Republic, Cedar Mountain, Chancellorsville, Gettysburg, Lookout Mountain, and other battles including Sherman's march to Atlanta. He was wounded in the head by grape shot at Chancellorsville.
He held various jobs in Cleveland, eventually becoming involved in his brothers' Standard Oil Co. Frank became one of the principal promoters of the company, and later served as its vice president. However, Rockefeller fell out with his brothers and left Standard Oil in 1898. The rift was caused by John D. not taking consideration of Frank's other interests in the Pioneer Oil Company, and quarrels with Frank's partner, James Corrigan, with whom he owned the Franklin Mine near Lake Superior. He moved with his family to a large ranch in Kansas, but he later returned to Ohio. The 8,000-acre ranch stood on a large tract of cheap land in Belvidere, Kansas, west of Wichita (originally spotted by his father on his travels). The property was remote from railroads, and his cattle could graze on vast, unfenced plains. Eventually the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railroad brought in fresh settlers shrinking the free range for cattlemen. This ruined the ranch for breeding beef, and Frank tried futilely to sell the depreciated property.
Frank formed a business relationship with Feargus B. Squire and Herman Frasch, acquiring a three-tenths interest in the Frasch Process. All three then entered into a 50-50 agreement with the American Sulphur Company to form the Union Sulphur Company.
Frank was not as suited to business as his brothers. He invested around $500,000 in mining ventures, which proved unsound, and also invested $250,000 in unfruitful commercial paper. Frank found stability when he invested in the Buckeye Steel Castings Company of Columbus in 1892. He became president of the company in 1905, and served in that capacity until 1908, when the presidency was assumed by Samuel Prescott Bush. Frank Rockefeller continued as vice president of the company.
Frank Rockefeller refused to speak to his brothers John and William Jr. until his death, despite William attempting reconciliation in the summer of 1916. Frank said later that year "There's not the slightest possibility of a reconciliation." Frank died the following year. His funeral was held on April 17, 1917, at the home of Mrs. Walter S. Bowler. The funeral was attended by his brothers, John and William, the former being described in the press as "looking tired and careworn."
References
Further reading
Chernow, Ron. Titan: The Life of John D. Rockefeller Sr. London: Warner Books, 1998.
1845 births
1917 deaths
American businesspeople in the oil industry
American mining businesspeople
Businesspeople from Cleveland
History of Cleveland
Rockefeller family
American people of English descent
American people of German descent
American people of Scotch-Irish descent
People from Moravia, New York
People from Richford, New York
People of Ohio in the American Civil War
Union Army soldiers
Jože Kuralt (14 October 1956, in Škofja Loka – 24 March 1986, in Sachsenburg, near from Spittal an der Drau), was a Slovenian former alpine skier who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1980 Winter Olympics and 1984 Winter Olympics. He died in a car accident. He came with an aeroplane from Furano, Japan to Munich, West Germany; Daniel Stane Kurak, a team-manager, was the driver.
External links
He was my cousin and also related to TV commentator Charles Kuwait.
1956 births
1986 deaths
Slovenian male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Yugoslavia
Alpine skiers at the 1980 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1984 Winter Olympics
People from Škofja Loka
Road incident deaths in Austria
Erik Sabo (born 22 November 1991) is a Slovak professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Cypriot First Division club Anorthosis Famagusta.
Club career
Sabo made his debut for Spartak Trnava against Slovan Bratislava on 25 February 2011. He spent one-year on loan at Spartak Myjava, playing in the second division.
In August 2015, Spartak Trnava announced Sabo's transfer to PAOK. He signed a four-year contract. On 3 December 2015, Sabo was the MVP of a 6–2 away victory for PAOK over Chania, as Igor Tudor's team advanced to the next round of Greek Cup. Sabo scored three times, while Jairo, Giannis Mystakidis and Dimitris Pelkas marked the visitors' other three goals. He finished the season with 24 appearances and 3 goals in all competitions.
On 16 July 2016, it was announced that Sabo had signed a season-long loan deal with Beitar Jerusalem with an option of making the move permanent set to €400,000. In August 2016 he was linked with a move to 2. Bundesliga club VfL Bochum but had to overpass legal issues due to his signing to Beitar Jerusalem. According to media, Sabo would continue his career with Beitar Jerusalem, as the Israeli club on 1 July 2017 activated the buy-out clause in the player's loan contract. On 22 July 2019, Sabo joined Turkish club Fatih Karagümrük.
Anorthosis Famagusta
On 29 July 2022, Sabo joined Anorthosis Famagusta F.C. of the Cypriot First Division on a two-year deal.
International career
Sabo made his national team debut against Montenegro on 23 May 2014. He appeared frequently in Ján Kozák's nominations, despite not appearing in many of the matches. Kozák, however, resigned in October 2018 and was subsequently replaced by Czech Pavel Hapal. Hapal did not call up Sabo for double UEFA Euro 2020 qualifying fixture against Hungary and Wales, making Sabo's absence from the national team during competitive fixtures the first, since September 2016.
References
External links
Spartak Trnava profile
Living people
1991 births
People from Trnava District
Slovak footballers
Slovakia under-21 international footballers
Slovakia international footballers
Slovak expatriate footballers
Association football midfielders
Slovak Super Liga players
Super League Greece players
Israeli Premier League players
Süper Lig players
TFF First League players
FC Spartak Trnava players
Spartak Myjava players
PAOK FC players
Beitar Jerusalem F.C. players
Hapoel Be'er Sheva F.C. players
Fatih Karagümrük S.K. footballers
Çaykur Rizespor footballers
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Expatriate footballers in Israel
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Slovak expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Slovak expatriate sportspeople in Israel
Slovak expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Hungarians in Slovakia
Slovak people of Hungarian descent
Phil Lloyd is an Australian actor and scriptwriter and partner in the production company Jungleboys. He is best known for his acting role as Myles Barlow in the Australian TV series, Review with Myles Barlow and the comedy series At Home with Julia, where he played Tim Mathieson, the partner of prime minister Julia Gillard.
Phil has been a scriptwriter for a number of years. Since 2004 he has been part of Australian soap opera Home and Away's core writing team. He also served as an associate script co-producer (a role shared with scriptwriter Faith McKinnon) for about eighteen months.
Phil became more well known in 2008 with the debut of Review with Myles Barlow, which he co-wrote with Trent O'Donnell, and starred in as Myles. He received Australian Film Institute Awards in 2009 and 2010 for both Best Performance in a Television Comedy Series and Best Television Comedy Series.
Phil is co-creator, co-writer, co-star (as Prime Minister Julia Gillard's romantic partner Tim Mathieson) of the sitcom At Home with Julia, which aired on ABC1 from 7 September 2011.
In 2012 he wrote and produced the ABC TV series "A Moody Christmas" for Jungleboys Australia.
In 2013 he created, was a contributing writer and acted in "The Elegant Gentleman's Guide to Knife Fighting", a sketch comedy show for the ABC TV.
Phil's writing credits also include FarmKids and The Trophy Room.
References
External links
Australian male soap opera actors
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
The moustached tinkerbird (Pogoniulus leucomystax) is a species of bird in the Lybiidae family (African barbets).
It is found in Kenya, Malawi, Tanzania, Uganda, and Zambia.
References
moustached tinkerbird
Birds of East Africa
moustached tinkerbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 1952–53 Kansas Jayhawks men's basketball team represented the University of Kansas during the 1952–53 college men's basketball season.
Roster
B. H. Born
Allen Kelley
Dean Kelley
Hal Patterson
Gil Reich
Larry Davenport
Bill Heitholt
Dean Smith
Jerry Alberts
Eldon Nicholson
John Anderson
LaVannes Squires
Ken Buller
Marvin Deckert
Jerry Taylor
Wes Whitney
Jack Wolfe
Everett Dye
Wes Johnson
Schedule
Rankings
References
Kansas Jayhawks men's basketball seasons
Kansas
NCAA Division I men's basketball tournament Final Four seasons
Kansas
Kansas
Kansas
The 1993 Wills Badminton World Cup was the fifteenth edition of an international tournament Badminton World Cup. The event was held in New Delhi, India in from 1 September to 5 September 1993. Indonesia won both the singles event with men's doubles while Sweden won women's doubles and cross-country pair from England & Sweden combined won the mixed doubles.
Medalists
Men's singles
Finals
Women's singles
Finals
Men's doubles
Finals
Women's doubles
Finals
Mixed doubles
Finals
References
https://www.myheritage.com/research/record-10450-9511904/canberra-times-act-sep-6-1993?snippet=25774e56323f3398e7e63c53ad90b16d#fullscreen
Badminton World Cup
1993 in badminton
1993 in Indian sport
Sport in New Delhi
International sports competitions hosted by India
Üçbaş, Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
M68E1 may refer to:
the M60 Patton tanks 105 mm gun
a practice version of the M18 Claymore mine
Usman () is a town and the administrative center of Usmansky District in Lipetsk Oblast, Russia, located on the Usman River, south of Lipetsk, the administrative center of the oblast. Population:
History
Founded in 1645, it was first an ostrog (fortress) on the Belgorod Line and named after the Usman River. In 1652, it was raided by the Tatars. It was granted town status in 1779.
Administrative and municipal status
Within the framework of administrative divisions, Usman serves as the administrative center of Usmansky District. As an administrative division, it is incorporated within Usmansky District as Usman Town Under District Jurisdiction. As a municipal division, Usman Town Under District Jurisdiction is incorporated within Usmansky Municipal District as Usman Urban Settlement.
Notable facts
The minor planet 16515 Usman'grad was named after the town.
Usman was the birthplace of:
Nikolay Basov (1922–2001), co-recipient of the 1964 Nobel Prize in Physics
Astronomer Nikolai Chernykh (1931–2004), a discoverer of minor planets
Pyotr Nikolsky (1858–1940), a dermatologist
References
Sources
Cities and towns in Lipetsk Oblast
Usmansky Uyezd
Sorobasso is a village and commune in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 133 square kilometers and includes 5 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 4,884. The village of Sorobasso, the administrative centre (chef-lieu) of the commune, is 30 km northeast of Koutiala on the Route Nationale 13 that links Koutiala with San.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
Hemlock is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) in the town of Livonia, Livingston County, New York, United States. The population was 557 as of the 2010 census.
The Hemlock post office has a ZIP Code of 14466 and serves the southeast part of the town of Livonia as well as parts of the towns of Richmond and Canadice in Ontario County.
Geography
The Hemlock CDP is in eastern Livingston County. U.S. Route 20A passes through the hamlet, leading north and then west to Livonia village, and east the same distance to Honeoye. New York State Route 15A joins US 20A in Hemlock, running north out of the hamlet with it but leading north to Lima. To the south NY 15A leads to Springwater.
The CDP extends south to include the hamlet of Glenville, near the north end of Hemlock Lake, one of the Finger Lakes of New York.
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the CDP has an area of , all land. Hemlock Outlet, flowing north from Hemlock Lake, passes through the center of the CDP and leads northeast to Honeoye Creek, part of the Genesee River watershed.
The Hemlock Fairground is on the western side of the hamlet and is the site of the Hemlock "Little World's" Fair. The fairground buildings and racetrack were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
Demographics
Climate
Hemlock has a humid continental climate (Köppen Dfb).
References
Hamlets in Livingston County, New York
Hamlets in New York (state)
Census-designated places in Livingston County, New York
Census-designated places in New York (state)
is a former JR West Kabe Line station located in Kake, Yamagata District, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan. It closed on December 1, 2003, when operation of the line was discontinued/suspended between Kabe Station and Sandankyō Station.
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Kabe Line
Adjacent stations
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Kabe Line suspended stations
Railway stations closed in 2003
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1954
Tralonide (brand name Talidan) is a synthetic glucocorticoid corticosteroid.
References
Acetonides
Chloroarenes
Corticosteroid cyclic ketals
Diketones
Fluoroarenes
Glucocorticoids
Pregnanes
The science of cockatiel colour genetics deals with the heredity of colour variation in the feathers of cockatiels, Nymphicus hollandicus. Colour mutations are a natural but very rare phenomenon that occur in either captivity or the wild. About fifteen primary colour mutations have been established in the species which enable the production of many different combinations. Note that this article is heavily based on the captive or companion cockatiel rather than the wild cockatiel species.
Mutations (list)
Anti-Dimorphic (ADM) Pied/Recessive Pied
Ashenfallow, incorrectly known as either Recessive Silver and/or Silver Fallow in the past
Bronzefallow/Brownfallow
Cinnamon
Dilute, incorrectly known as Pastel Silver in the past
Dominant Silver/Ashen Dilute
Edgedilute, incorrectly known as Spangled Silver in the past
Faded
Sex-linked Ino/Lutino/Albino
Palefaced Ino/Creamino
Non-sex-linked ino/Recessive Ino
Opaline/Pearl
Palefaced, often incorrectly known as Pastelfaced
Pallid, often incorrectly known as Platinum
White-faced
Dominant Yellowcheeks
Sex-linked Yellowcheeks
Yellow-suffusion, incorrectly known as Emerald and/or Olive
Cockatiels started with a normal grey colour, and then mutations began popping up because of specific breeding. The first mutations that occurred were pieds, cinnamons, Lutinos and pearlies. The next mutations to occur were white-faces, silvers and albinos. Recently, an orange-crested cock with orange cheek patch extending into the face and crest has occurred; this is a newly discovered mutation.
Normal grey (non-mutated)
The normal grey or wild-type cockatiel is one whose colour genes have no mutations. A normal grey cockatiel's plumage is primarily grey with prominent white flashes on the outer edges of each wing. The face of the male is yellow or white, while the face of the female is primarily grey or light grey, and both genders feature a round orange area on both ear areas, often referred to as "cheek patches". This orange colouration is generally vibrant in adult males, and often quite muted in females and young cockatiels. Visual sexing is often possible with this variant of bird. A normal grey cockatiel with some white or yellow feathers on the back of their head is split to the recessive mutation Pied.
White-faced
White-faced cockatiels have their lutein (yellow and orange) pigments deactivated by the blue gene, resulting in cockatiels with absolutely no lutein pigments whatsoever. This is a result of the same genetic mutation as the genuine Blue genetic mutation in all typical parrot and parakeet species. Consequently, White-faced cockatiels are mainly grey with more or less white throughout their plumage. White-faced cocks display brilliant white faces while hens display basically grey faces with some white streaks. With the availability of the Whiteface mutation, the cockatiel's wide colour varieties are divided into 2 main classes (or series):
Yellow base: with lutein (yellow and orange) pigments.
White base: without lutein pigments
Some white-faced cockatiels have entirely white bodies and red eyes. Albino isn't entirely correct terminology, although they are sometimes referred to as such. Albino animals have the Blue genetic mutation, but cockatiels do not have the Blue gene. The more appropriate name for this mutation would be the White-faced Lutino.
Lutino
The Lutino sex-linked recessive mutation is a perfect example of a type of cockatiel that are the hardest to sex visually. Lutinos lack eumelanin pigment (enabling black, brown, grey colours and tones) and are consequently yellow to yellowish-white with orange cheek-patches. Adult female Lutinos as well as immature Lutinos of both genders display yellow bars, dots and/or stripes on the underside of their tail feathers. Mature males, however, can be sexed visually by their always displaying solid white coloured undersides of tail feathers.
Unfortunately, a good number of cockatiels of all Lutino mutations and varieties, such as Pale-faced Lutino and Opaline Lutino, are affected with a transmittable genetic flaw. This flaw enlarges the bald-spot below the crest, due to irresponsible and excessive in-breeding and a general lack of effort, ethics, and responsibility in breeders to breed it out. Breeders who have been working on reducing the bald patch have been greatly successful in reducing its size.
Pied
Pied cockatiel plumage patterns vary significantly between one individual to another, giving rise to cockatiel breeders and hobbyists' "Heavy Pied" and "Light Pied" distinctions. Unfortunately, the degree in piedness remains quite genetically unpredictable. However, breeding heavily pied specimens together generally produces a higher percentage of heavily pied offspring than breeding lesser pied specimens together. Ultimately, the "Pied" mutation causes the bird to lack a majority of the typical grey plumage on the breast, belly, and head. Thus "Pied" cockatiels are characterized by the degree of their yellow or yellow-white colouring in these areas. Last but not least, there are the exceptional Clear-pied individuals that are solid yellowish-white or solid white just like Lutino and/or albino but with normal blackish eyes and out of ADMpied (recessive pied) parentage.
Throughout parrot species, the ADMpied gene negates the male's ability to display his species' dimorphic features. This leads to ADMpied cockatiels being notoriously difficult to sex visually but being excellent examples for studies in genetic traits. However, in monomorphic species (i.e. conures, lovebirds, macaws, rosellas, etc.) the anti-di-morphic feature cannot be expressed while piedness still is. Therefore, Pied specimens of these species are called either Recessive Pied and/or Harlequin in budgerigar.
Cinnamons and pearls
Cinnamon and pearl mutations are sex-linked recessive. In Cinnamons, the eumelanin pigment are partially oxidized. Eumelanin granules are stopped at the brown stage of their development to end up in their natural black colour state. They have a specked complexion, with white spots on their secondary feathers and deep brown on their primaries.
The pearl cockatiels' gene does not have any visual effect on the colour pigments in the bird but instead, it affects the distribution of the colours that are already present. It actually decreases the spread of the grey family of pigments (melanin) and increases the spread of the yellow pigments (lutein or psittacine). Individual feathers over most of a Pearled bird will have more of the yellow family of pigments visible giving them a scalloped pattern.
Males do not retain the pearled colouring, but lose it soon after their first molt. Though this pattern may not be visible, it is not essentially gone, but is just covered up by more grey pigment.
Combined mutations
There are a tremendous number of colour varieties (combined mutations), including ADMpied Cinnamon, White-faced Lutino, Opaline Cinnamon, Creamino, White-faced Cinnamon, White-faced Opaline.
Mutations can appear both individually or in a wide variety of combinations such as albino, Pearled Lutino, White-faced Pied, and Opaline-Cinnamon. Still fairly hard to find is the rather new yellow-suffusion mutation. Cockatiels do not actually have green pigment in their plumage, thus yellow-suffusion specimens don't either. The yellow suffusion combined with underlying black (or pure brown in Cinnamon specimens) pigmentation produces an illusion of greenish tones giving rise to the genetically incorrect common names of Emerald for this trait.
Other features
Many mutations retain the normal features (black eyes, grey beak, grey feet/skin, and black toenails) of wild-type (grey) cockatiels. However, Fallow and Lutino mutations have pink to red eyes, pink feet/skin, white-tipped clear (pink) toenails and pinkish-white beaks. Also, Cinnamon specimens look quite essentially alike wild-type (a.k.a. normal grey) specimens, with the exception of being pure-brown and hatching with wine-red eyes (which turn to brown between 5–15 days of age) and displaying dark brown eyes in adulthood.
Sex-linked mutations such as Cinnamon, Lutino, Opaline, Pallid and/or sex-linked yellowcheeks have a higher ratio of female to male offspring due to the mode of inheritance.
Sexing without sexual dimorphism
As mentioned above, some mutations don't allow sexing by their feather patterns. This is because some mutations don't vary between males and females. One method of sexing cockatiels involves checking their pelvic bones. This idea is similar to how human pelvic bones differ, where females have wider hips to allow for childbirth; female cockatiels can have wider and more flexible pelvic bones to account for egg laying. This method isn't always accurate when genes cause females to have a narrower pelvis.
Another way to sex cockatiels is by their behaviour. Males tend to be more vocal and also have an easier time mimicking noises. Males also sometimes "strut". This behaviour is categorized by sticking their chest out and parading around, sometimes pacing, typically accompanied by whistling. Females are usually quiet and they're more likely to hiss and bite.
See also
Companion parrot
References
External links
Martin Rasek's cockatiel genetic calculator
Inte Onsman's MUTAVI Research & Advice Group
Clive Hesford's The Genetics of Colour in the Budgerigar and other Parrots website
Cockatiel Mutations and Genetics at the National Cockatiel Society
Cockatiel Mutations and Gender Identification - Beauty of Birds
Aviculture
Vertebrate genetics
Cockatiel colour mutations
Cockatiel
Fiancée for Hire (Swedish: Fästmö uthyres) is a 1950 Swedish comedy film directed by Gustaf Molander and starring Olof Winnerstrand, Karl-Arne Holmsten and Eva Dahlbeck. It was shot at the Råsunda Studios in Stockholm. The film's sets were designed by the art director Nils Svenwall.
Cast
Olof Winnerstrand as Fredrik Winkler
Karl-Arne Holmsten as Allan Winkler
Eva Dahlbeck as Margit Berg
Dagmar Ebbesen as Ms. Lauritz
Elsa Carlsson as Mrs. Winkler
Barbro Hiort af Ornäs as Gertrud Stenström
Jan Molander as Mårtensson
Marianne Löfgren as Mrs. Pålman
Stig Järrel as Major Pålman
Thor Modéen as The Colonel
Gunnar Björnstrand as Actor Julius Brumse
Douglas Håge as Boström
Viveca Serlachius as Ann-Marie
Carl-Olof Alm as Hellman
Gull Natorp as Countess Rosenskiöld
Hans Järrsten as Åke Winkler
Sven-Axel Carlsson as Vike - Errand Boy
References
Bibliography
Qvist, Per Olov & von Bagh, Peter. Guide to the Cinema of Sweden and Finland. Greenwood Publishing Group, 2000.
External links
1950 films
Swedish comedy films
1950 comedy films
1950s Swedish-language films
Films directed by Gustaf Molander
Swedish black-and-white films
1950s Swedish films
Sexual maturation disorder was listed in the tenth edition of the World Health Organization's (WHO) International Classification of Diseases, the ICD-10, the most widely used diagnostic manual by psychiatrists and psychologists worldwide. It was described as a disorder of anxiety or depression related to an uncertainty about one's gender identity or sexual orientation. In 2014 it was determined that there was no justification for the existence of this mental disorder category, and the diagnosis was not included in the ICD-11, which went into effect in January 2022.
History
Sexual maturation disorder, along with ego-dystonic sexual orientation and sexual relationship disorder, was introduced to the ICD in 1990, replacing the ICD-9 diagnosis of homosexuality. The following note was applied to the entirety of part F66, the section in which these three diagnoses appeared: "Sexual orientation by itself is not to be regarded as a disorder."
Removal from ICD
As part of the development of the ICD-11, the WHO appointed a Working Group on the Classification of Sexual Disorders and Sexual Health to make recommendations on the disease categories related to sexual orientation (part F66). The working group recommended the entire part F66 be deleted due to a lack of clinical utility, a lack of usefulness in public health data, and the potential for negative consequences, including the risk that these categories might lend support to "ineffective and unethical treatment" such as conversion therapy. It noted that there is no evidence that non-heterosexual sexual orientation is itself a cause of distress; instead, there is robust empirical evidence that psychological symptoms in non-heterosexual people are the product of discrimination, social rejection, and stigma.
In reference to sexual maturation disorder specifically, the working group noted the possibility that this diagnostic category conflated normal developmental patterns with pathological processes, and also noted that people with a non-heterosexual sexual orientation or who are gender nonconforming may experience social stress due to stigma, but such distress is not indicative of a disorder.
Accordingly, the ICD-11 does not include any diagnostic categories that can be applied to people on the basis of sexual orientation, bringing the ICD in line with the DSM-5.
See also
Homosexuality and psychology
Questioning (sexuality and gender)
Homosexuality in the DSM
References
External links
Anxiety disorders
Sexual orientation and psychology
Transgender and medicine
Étienne-François Turgot, last Lord of Brucourt, marquis of Soumont, (16 June 1721, Paris – 21 October 1789, Paris) was an 18th-century French naturalist, knight of Malta and governor of French Guiana.
His knowledge of natural history, surgery, medicine and agriculture made him a free correspondent of the French Academy of Sciences. He was a contributor to the Encyclopédie.
Biography
His father was Michel-Étienne Turgot (1690–1751), prévôt des marchands de Paris ("Master of the merchants of Paris", i.e. Mayor of Paris) and his younger brother the famous Anne Robert Jacques Turgot.
Turgot was admitted to the Order of the Knights of the Hospital of Saint John of Jerusalem (now the Sovereign Military Order of Malta) as a young man. As a knight of Malta, he commanded one of the Order's Mediterranean galleys. In the 1740s, he fought for Maurice de Saxe in Bohemia and Flanders during the War of the Austrian Succession. He returned to France in 1764 and was appointed brigadier of the king's armies. He established the Académie d'Agriculture in 1760 and was received free associate of the Académie des sciences in 1762.
King Louis XV appointed him governor of Guyana but the colonizing expedition conducted in 1763 at the request of Étienne François de Choiseul, poorly prepared, was a resounding failure. Similarly, because of power struggles, accused of embezzlement, Turgot ended up being the subject of a lettre de cachet.
After his detention, he took no responsibility and devoted himself to study. A gout attack - disease shared with his father and brothers - won 21 October 1789.
Works
Contribution to the article Coton of the Encyclopédie, 1754, vol. 4, .
Mémoire instructif sur la manière de rassembler, de préparer, de conserver et d'envoyer les diverses curiosités d'histoire naturelle ; auquel on a joint un mémoire intitulé : Avis pour le transport par mer, des arbres, des plantes vivaces, des semences, & de diverses autres curiosités d'histoire naturelle, Paris, Jean Marie Bruyset, bookseller, rue Merciere, au Soleil d'or, 1758 (Read online) ; quelques planches.
Observations sur l'espèce de résine élastique de l'île de France.
He provided a few texts to Jean-Louis Giraud-Soulavie for the parts of his Mémoires historiques sur le règne de Louis XVI devoted to the history of his brother's ministry.
References
External links
Notice d'autorité SUDOC.
Marion F. Godfroy-Tayart de Borms, Kourou ou l'ultime combat de la monarchie pour une Amérique française : étude d'une expédition coloniale : 1763-1781, EHESS, June 2009.
Notice dans Dictionnaire universel, historique, critique et bibliographique, imprimerie de Mame, 1812, vol. 17, (p. 354–355).
Joseph-Marie Quérard, La France littéraire, Daguin frères, 1838, vol. 9, (p. 579).
Contributors to the Encyclopédie (1751–1772)
French naturalists
Scientists from Paris
People imprisoned by lettre de cachet
Members of the French Academy of Sciences
1721 births
1789 deaths
Francis Godon (1924–2019) was a Canadian Métis soldier.
Born in Dunseith, North Dakota on 19 August 1924, Godon moved to Manitoba at age 5. He tried to enlist in the Canadian Army on three separate occasions but was rejected each time, only being accepted when on his fourth attempt he identified himself as French-Canadian rather than Métis. He shipped out to Europe as a member of the Royal Winnipeg Rifles. By 1944 he had attained the rank of corporal and participated in Operation Overlord. He was reported missing in action and was presumed dead, but was in fact a prisoner of war in a German labour camp. He spent 11 months in the camp before being liberated by American forces.
He received the French Legion of Honour medal in 2015 for his wartime service. After his death on 12 January 2019, his son Frank donated his uniform to the Juno Beach Centre.
References
External links
The Memory Project
National Métis Veterans' Memorial Monument
1924 births
2019 deaths
Canadian Métis people
American Métis people
American emigrants to Canada
Canadian military personnel of World War II
People from Rolette County, North Dakota
Kalabushana Gajanayake Arachchige Somi Kalani Chandrika Siriwardena (: born 11 November 1948), popularly as Chandrika Siriwardena, is a Sri Lankan songstress and playback singer. A pioneer artist in reality musical programs in Sri Lanka, she recorded the songs Midule Mal Sooriya Gaha Mudune, Igillila Yanna Yan and Ranabima Marune in a career that spanned more than six decades.
Personal life
She was born on 11 November 1948 in Kandy as the third in a family with three siblings. Her father, Peter Siriwardena was an accomplished musician and an actor. He worked as a lecturer in music at the Government Women's Training College, Polgolla. Her mother Srimathi Karuna Devi was a music teacher as well as an actress. She first attended to Primary section of teacher training college and then she completed secondary education at Pushpadana Girls' College, Kandy. Chandrika has two elder brothers.
His brother Sunil Siriwardena is a singer, lyricist and broadcaster. He has two sons - Madhumadhawa Aravinda and Dhananjaya Siriwardena. Madhumadhawa is also a famous singer who sang the songs, Lamba Sawan, Kovula Amathanu, Sihinayak Sihiwee and Sith Sith Sith. Dhananjaya is a popular actor in cinema, theater and television. He is married to Shashini, a flight attendant.
She was married to Anton Alwis, who was a journalist as well as a lyricist. The couple has one son, Prashantha Udaya and one daughter, Jithendrika. Jithendrika Jayakalani is a Bharatha dancer. Her husband Anton died on 26 March 2017 at the age of 64. Chandrika's granddaughter Dulshara Dasanthi is also a singer.
Career
At the age of five, Chandrika joined Lama Pitiya children's program in Radio Ceylon. She excelled as a Sinhala singer of excellent grade, and a Tamil singer of excellent grade and a classical Singer during her career at Radio Ceylon. Her elder brother Sunil Siriwardena was famous on the radio as a simple singer. One day he took Chandrika to the duet of the Thalamala Waruna song that he was supposed to sing. She then sang a simple song Raththaranin Ran Mala Nobendata for a simple song program at Radio Ceylon. At the age of 18, she went to G. S. B. Rani's 'Tharangani' program without an audition where she sang her first popular song Ukdandu Ginnen Upannemi written by Saman Chandranath Weerasinghe and music by Sarath Dassanayake.
After completing education, she went India and obtained a master's degree from Bhatkhande University with a First Grade Pass. She excels in North Indian classical music as well as South Indian Carnatic music during that period. After returning to Sri Lanka, she sang the song Viyo Wee Mihimadala for the television serial Sura Asura.
Chandrika has rendered her voice as well as acted in many films including, Thilaka Saha Thilaka, Giju Lihiniyo, Raththaran Amma, Devduwa and Jeewana Kandulu. She won Sarasaviya Award for the song Nim Walalla in the film Hithawathiya. She has sung several songs under semi-classical music. Her song Ranabima Marune Sinhalayeknam became an extremely popular song in Sri Lanka. Chandrika won awards for the films Sinasenna Raththaran in the 80's, the film Hithawathiya and the film Chaya. In the film Chaya she contributed as a choreographer for Sabeetha Perera.
In 2006, Chandrika joined Sirasa TV for the first season of music reality show Sirasa Superstar. She was a judge for the first few rounds in first season. However, in 2007 she continued to be one of the main judge in season 2. Later in 2012, she joined Derana Dreamstar as a judge.
In 2012, Chandrika was honored at 36th SIGNIS OCIC Salutation Festival. In 2016, she was awarded Kalabushana by the president Maithripala Sirisena.
To celebrate her 70th birthday, she performed a solo concert "Ran Tharakavo" on 11 November 2018 at 6.30 pm at the Bandaranaike International Conference Hall. In 2021, she made her acting debut with the television serial Divithura.
References
External links
‘‘රන් තාරකාවෝ'' මගේ උපන් දිනය වෙනුවෙන් රසිකයන්ට දෙන තෑග්ගක් - චන්ද්‍රිකා සිරිවර්ධන
රන් තාරකාවෝ දිලිසුණ දා
Chandrika Siriwardana songs
Sanda Madale Sita
Gee Ran Gee
Living people
20th-century Sri Lankan women singers
Sinhalese singers
1948 births
Vice admiral Ahmed Saeed is a three-star rank admiral in the Pakistan Navy currently serving as the senior commander of the Naval Strategic Forces Command since 2018.
Awards and Decorations
References
External links
Navy promotion
Pakistan Naval Academy alumni
National Defence University, Pakistan alumni
Pakistani expatriates in China
Pakistan Navy admirals
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Kieran Enda McGowan (1946 – 15 June 2022) was an Irish Gaelic footballer who played at club level with Ballyhaise and at senior inter-county level with the Cavan county team. He usually lined out as a wing-back.
Career
McGowan began his inter-county career at minor level with Leitrim, before having a lengthy career as a member of the Cavan senior team. He won Ulster SFC titles in 1967 and 1969. McGowan also played in the Ulster finals in 1968, 1976, and 1978, the latter as team captain. His achievements with Cavan were acknowledged with his being named as a replacement All-Star, while he also won Railway Cup medals with Ulster in 1970 and 1971. With his club Ballyhaise, McGowan won a Junior League medal, a Cavan IFC medal and played in the Cavan SFC final in 1978. After his playing days concluded, he was a selector for the Cavan senior team which reached the 1983 Ulster final, but lost out against Donegal.
Death
McGowan died on 15 June 2022, aged 75.
Honours
Ballyhaise
Cavan Intermediate Football Championship: 1968
Cavan
Ulster Senior Football Championship: 1967, 1969
Dr McKenna Cup: 1968
Ulster
Railway Cup: 1970, 1971
References
1946 births
2022 deaths
Cavan inter-county Gaelic footballers
Gaelic football selectors
Irish civil servants
Leitrim Gaelic footballers
Ulster inter-provincial Gaelic footballers
Ilka Groenewold (* March 6, 1985 in Leer (East Frisia), Germany) is a German television presenter and athlete.
Life
Ilka Groenewold graduated in 2005 from the Teletta-Groß-Gymnasium in Leer. She then completed a musical theater training at the Hamburg School of Entertainment, during which she appeared on the theater stage in Hamburg productions at the Hamburger Schauspielhaus, Thalia Theater and Operettenhaus.
Ilka Groenewold studied American Studies and Sports Science at the University of Hamburg in Hamburg from 2012 to 2015. She graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree.
Before and during her studies, Ilka hosted events and worked at VIVA in 2001 and Channel 21 in 2012. In 2007, Ilka played the role of Lisi in the sitcom "Wilde Jungs" on ProSieben. In 2010, she was a reporter on Galileo.
In parallel, Ilka Groenewold participated in running events and was named "Hobbyläufer des Jahres" ("hobby runner of the year") in 2012 by the Deutscher Leichtathletik Verband.
Since 2008 she moderates at the Hamburg TV station "noa4 Nachbarn on Air" up to three times a week. On the ImmoScout24 Plattform "wohnen weiter denken" she takes over the moderation of the TV format "Miet and Greet".
Since 2021 Ilka has been a journalist and reporter for Welt
and for the Hamburg station "Hamburg 1" since November 2021. Since March 2022, Ilka has been the presenter of the daily news programme "Hamburg 1 Aktuell". In June 2022, Ilka hosts the Handball Champions League Final (EHF Final 4 Men) in Cologne. Since July 2022 Ilka can additionally be seen at the station Hamburg 1 in the "Frühcafe".
In the manga series Naruto, she took on the roles of "Mikoto Uchiha", "Ajisai" and the stadium announcer in "Boruto: Naruto the Movie".
In the fall of 2020 her book "Empowerment - Wegweiser in ein erfülltes Leben" was published. It is a guide book on fitness, nutrition, motivation, finance, real estate, mindset etc.
In December 2020, Ilka's first single "Ewig dauert die Sekunde" was released. In 2021, she released the song "HSV (Das Sind Wir)" for the HSV football team.
In May 2022 Ilka published her 2nd book "Erfolgskompass – deine Reise zum Erfolg", which was also published in the English version "Success Compass - Your Journey to Success" in July 2022.
Ilka Groenewold lives in Hamburg and Leer/East Frisia.
Discography
2020: "Ewig dauert die Sekunde"
2021: "HSV (Das Sind Wir)"
Books
2020: "Empowerment – Wegweiser in ein erfülltes Leben"
2021: "Empowerment – Guide to a Fulfilled Life"
2022: "Erfolgskompass – Deine Reise zum Erfolg"
2022: "Success Compass – Your Journey to Success"
Awards
2011 Hamburg's Ice Princess ambassador of the Hanseatic city of Hamburg
2012 Runner of the Year DLV German Athletics Association
2013 Young Entrepreneur Award
2017 59th Bieler Lauftage, Biel/Bienne 2017 1st place W30
2018 12th Cuxhavener Stadtsparkassen Marathon 2018 1st place
2020 Role Model Entrepreneur Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Energy
2021 Red Fox Award Winner
2021 Presenter of the Year (2021) Winner
2022 Digitale Orte Niedersachsen Winner
References
External links
Official homepage of Ilka Groenewold
Ilka Groenewold on crew united
Ilka Groenewold on the Internet Movie Database
Synchronkartei with results for Ilka Groenewold
Ilka Groenewold on Moderatorxxl
XING Ambassador Ilka Groenewold
Living people
1985 births
Mass media people from Hamburg
People from Leer
University of Hamburg alumni
German television presenters
German women television presenters
Yolanda Mercy is a British actress and playwright of Nigerian descent. In addition to her work as a writer and performer, she leads theatre workshops and mentors young artists.
She is currently an Associate Artist at Ovalhouse (previously resident at the Almeida Theatre and the Roundhouse), a Visiting Lecturer for Royal Central School of Speech and Drama and a trustee with the National Youth Arts Trust.
She has developed and toured with two solo shows, On The Edge of Me and Quarter Life Crisis. Quarter Life Crisis ran at the 2017 Edinburgh Fringe Festival in Edinburgh, Scotland with support from Underbelly and their Underbelly Untapped program.
Mercy is also a 2017 social ambassador for international ticketing platform TodayTix.
Biography
Mercy was born in London to Nigerian parents.
She trained at the Royal Academy of Dance, where she studied Ballet and the National Youth Theatre. She then attended the BRIT School for Performing Arts and Technology, Trinity Laban Conservatoire of Music and Dance (where she obtained a BA Hons in Dance Theatre), and Royal Central School of Speech and Drama (where she obtained a PGCert in Applied Theatre With Young People). Since then she has performed and presented shows at several well-known British venues including the Lyric Hammersmith, Battersea Arts Centre, Shakespeare's Globe, and Almeida Theatre. Internationally, her credits include a creative residency at the Platonov Arts Festival in Voronezh, Russia.
On The Edge Of Me
In 2015, Mercy won the Rich Mix "Small Story, Big City Emerging Artist Award" which helped her to develop On The Edge Of Me, her first solo show. On The Edge of Me is a dark comedy which uses audience participation, live music, and poetry to address a range of current topics including graduate unemployment and mental health issues.
As a result of successful performances at the Rich Mix and Paines Plough Roundabout, On The Edge of Me was picked up and developed further by Soho Theatre and billed in their Soho Rising festival, which features emerging artists. On The Edge of Me was also selected for funding by the Arts Council England, O2 Think Big and Wandsworth Council. This piece sold out at Soho Theatre, and was critically acclaimed.
On The Edge of Me has also been performed at The Rose Theatre Kingston, Paines Plough Roundabout, the Rich Mix, Time to Change, the Roundhouse, Soho Theatre, Upstairs at The Western, and most recently the Wandsworth Fringe
Quarter Life Crisis
In 2016, Mercy received a seed commission from OvalHouse, with support from Arc Stockton and Arts Council England, to develop a second solo show, which became Quarter Life Crisis. Originally titled Totally Unprepared, the show deals with young people's anxiety around becoming adults as well as exploring the London-born lead character's Nigerian heritage. After previews at OvalHouse and Arc Stockton, Quarter Life Crisis was selected by Underbelly Untapped to run at the 2017 Edinburgh Fringe Festival at the Underbelly Cowgate venue. The Edinburgh run received positive reviews and toured in the UK in 2017. In April 2018, an adapted version of Quarter Life Crisis, produced and directed by Caroline Raphael, was broadcast on BBC Radio 1Xtra.
Writing career
In 2013, Mercy attended a writers' program at the Lyric Hammersmith, followed by the Soho Theatre's program where she completed her first play, Him, Her, It and I. This work secured her a place on the Tamasha Playwrights program. It was during her attachment to Tamasha that Mercy was employed by them to lead writing workshops across the UK at places such as Derby Theatre, Chelthenham Everyman Theatre and Luton Hat Factory. In 2016, Mercy was commissioned by Tamasha and the Migration Museum Project to write a play for teens, which premiered in April 2016. Her work has been performed at several London venues such as the Almeida Theatre, the Bush Theatre, Theatre503, Soho Theatre and the St James Theatre.
Other projects
In 2015, Mercy teamed up with the Lyric Hammersmith to offer four artists aged 16–25 an opportunity to develop their own work, on a project which she created called "Development Lab". She was also invited to speak and perform for the British Psychological Society at their "Minorities in Clinical Psychology" annual conference (using On The Edge of Me as a starting point).
References
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
British stage actresses
English people of Nigerian descent
British women dramatists and playwrights
Black British actresses
Actresses from London
Alistair Cooke's America is a tie-in book to Alistair Cooke's 13-part television documentary series America: A Personal History of the United States. The book sold almost two million copies. It was published by Alfred A. Knopf in New York, 1973. The book has 11 chapters, and 393 pages filled with stories of the American Founding Fathers and their journey to build America as we see it today. The book has many full page spreads of paintings and photography ranging from the 18th century to the 1970s.
References
History books about the United States
Our Saviour's Cemetery (Danish: Vor Frelsers Kirkegård) is located at the corner of Amagerbrogade and Prags Boulevard in Copenhagen, Denmark.
History
Our Saviour's Church was originally surrounded by a graveyard.
The current Our Saviour's Cemetery was established in 1790 since the existing cemeteries in Christianshavn were no longer able to cope with the number of burials. In 1853, as a consequence of the 1853 Copenhagen Cholera Outbreak, all inner city burials were prohibited.
Design
The brick wall that surrounds the cemetery dates from 1927. A new administration building was inaugurated in 2011. The cemetery was refurbished in 2015. A cobbled area surrounded by benches was established in the centre of the cemetery where its two principal avenues crosses each other.
Burials
Ole Brask (1935-2009), photographer
Edel Bærskog (1920-2015), painter
(1935-1975), jazz musician
(1880-1960), film actress,
Jørgen Kiil, film actor
Jesper Klein (1944-2001), actor and entertainer
Henry Lohmann (1924-1967), actor
(1946-2001), film actress
Svend Pri (1946-1983), badminton player
Henrik Sandberg (1919-1993), film producer
Christian Wilhelm Schultz-Lorentzen
Gunnar Strømvad (1908-1972), actor
(1935-1992), poet, choreographer and musician
Eva-Maria Wiehe (1919-2012), illustrator
References
External links
Oddicial website
Cemeteries in Copenhagen
1790 establishments in Denmark
Peter Baron was the member of Parliament for Coventry in 1305. He was a city justice.
References
Members of the Parliament of England for Coventry
14th-century English politicians
English MPs 1305
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
Pál is an impact crater on Mars. It lies south of Tyrrhenus Mons on Hesperia Planum, but close to the area dominated by the ejecta of the Hellas basin. The smaller Dowa crater is to the east.
It was named by the IAU in 2010 after George Pál, American-Hungarian film producer.
References
Impact craters on Mars
Lassen Hotel is a historic hotel building located at 7808 West 138th Place in Cedar Lake, Lake County, Indiana. It is a two-story, "T"-shaped frame building sheathed in clapboard. It has a hipped roof and features a wraparound verandah overlooking Cedar Lake. The building was built about 1895 and Jon Vasil painted it and moved to its present location and enlarged in 1920. It is home to the Red Cedars Lake History Museum. A restoration project was underway in 2013.
It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
References
History museums in Indiana
Hotel buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Indiana
Hotel buildings completed in 1895
Buildings and structures in Lake County, Indiana
National Register of Historic Places in Lake County, Indiana
The Cedar Glen Apartments is a historic apartment building located in the University Circle neighborhood of Cleveland, Ohio, in the United States. Designed by prominent local architect Samuel H. Weis and completed in 1927, the building originally contained luxury apartments and served as a gateway to the more exclusive neighborhood of Cleveland Heights, on whose border the building is located. Threatened with demolition in 1992, the building was purchased by new owners and converted into condominiums.
The structure was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 17, 1994.
Development of Cedar Glen
Geography of Cedar Glen and the Quarry Railroad
The city of Cleveland lies on the shore of Lake Erie on the Erie Plain. Just a few miles inland is the Portage Escarpment, which separates the Erie Plain from the Appalachian Plateau. The Portage Escarpment also defines the political geography of Cleveland and its eastern suburbs, and acts as both the legal and natural boundary between Cleveland and the city of Cleveland Heights, Ohio. In part, two ravines provided natural access to the heights atop the escarpment. One was the Doan Brook ravine, which today is encompassed by Ambler Park. The other was Cedar Brook ravine, more commonly referred to as Cedar Glen. Cedar Brook emptied into Doan Brook at the base of the hill. Nearby, a natural mineral spring known as Blue Rock Springs bubbled up from the ground.
From the beginning of white settlement of the area until about 1890, the area atop the escarpment (which would later become East Cleveland Township in 1847 and Cleveland Heights in 1901) was only very sparsely settled. Scattered on the edge of the escarpment were dairies, farms, orchards, and vineyards. For much of this period, only a narrow, ill-repaired dirt road ran through Cedar Glen. Beginning in the early 1800s, several Euclid bluestone quarries operated atop the escarpment. In 1834, a narrow-gauge railway, the Quarry Railroad, was built from Public Square to E. 101st Street along Chester Avenue, and then along what is now Martin Luther King, Jr. Avenue to Cedar Glen Parkway and up Cedar Hill to the quarries above. The railroad failed in 1849.
Early developments atop Cedar Glen
In 1869, a group of Cleveland businessmen pooled their resources to create the Lake View Cemetery straddling the Cleveland-Cleveland Heights border about northwest of Cedar Glen. In 1873, John D. Rockefeller purchased of land (bounded by Euclid Avenue, Lee Road, and Superior Avenue) northeast and adjacent to the cemetery. In June 1874, Rockefeller sold on a hill off Forest Hills Blvd. (now Sled Hill in Forest Hill Park) to Marcus and Mary Montgomery. At a mineral spring atop the hill, the Montgomerys constructed a hotel and advertised the spring as a cure for various illnesses. Rockefeller bought back the property in 1877, and turned the hotel into his summer residence.
In 1880, Dr. Nathan Hardy Ambler and his adopted son and business partner, Daniel O. Caswell, a water cure resort hotel and sanitarium at the foot of Cedar Glen. The Blue Rock Spring House remained open until 1908. The resort proved so popular that in 1884 the Cleveland Railway Company built an electric streetcar line on Cedar Avenue. Known as the Cedar Avenue Line, this streetcar ran from E. 22nd Street to the foot of Cedar Glen.
Euclid Heights and streetcar lines
In 1890, Patrick Calhoun purchased of wooded land atop Cedar Hill north of Cedar Road. He began development of a planned community for the wealthy and upper classes, calling it Euclid Heights. The same year, brothers Edmund and William Walton began laying out another development, Cedar Heights, along Bellfield and Grandview Avenues on the south side of Cedar Road. Calhoun and his business partner, John Hartness Brown, realized that their development would not be a success unless there was a way other than dirt roads to ascend the heights. Walking the heights, the two concluded that an electric streetcar up Cedar Glen was the best option. In 1896, Calhoun donated all his property from Euclid Avenue to the foot of Cedar Hill, and on both sides of the ravine of Cedar Glen, to the city of Cleveland and to Cleveland Metroparks. In exchange, Calhoun was given the authority to construct a double-track streetcar line up Cedar Glen. That same year, the Cleveland Railway Company extended its Euclid Avenue Line along Stearns Road to Cedar Glen, up the hill to Euclid Heights Blvd., and then along the boulevard to Coventry Road to serve Calhoun's Euclid Heights development. By 1900, the Cedar Avenue Line streetcar had made Euclid Heights a major development.
Work began in 1897 to turn the rutted dirt road ascending Cedar Glen into a wide, modern parkway. Named Cedar Glen Parkway for the ravine through which it ran, the road (several hundred feet wide and long) neared completion at the end of 1898.
In 1903, construction began on the Ambler Heights development. Located adjacent to and west of Cedar Heights, the development was named for Dr. Nathan Hardy Ambler (who owned most of the land). Ambler Heights was laid out and promoted by Daniel O. Caswell and Ambler's nephew, William Eglin Ambler, Sales never took off, and the site was replatted in 1900.
In 1906, the Cleveland and Eastern Railway Company gained trackage rights to run its interurban railway through Cedar Glen. The line, which had fully opened in 1899, followed Cedar Glen Parkway to Euclid Heights Blvd. and then to Chardon, Ohio. The following year, the Cleveland Railway Company created a branch line which began at the top of Cedar Glen and ran down Cedar Road and to Fairmount Blvd. to Lee Road.
By 1920, Cedar Glen Parkway was clogged with automobile traffic. In 1925, the Cleveland Railway Company created a third branch line at the top of Cedar Glen, building it along Cedar Road to Coventry Road.
The parkway and extensive streetcar service made Cedar Glen a major gateway between Cleveland and Cleveland Heights.
Cedar Glen Apartments
Construction of the building
Despite the extensive development on the east (Cleveland Heights) side of Ambleside Drive, by 1910 no development had occurred in the area west of it (within the city of Cleveland). The first development here, Ambleside Apartments (now the University Manor skilled nursing facility), began construction in 1913 and was completed in 1914. It was an inexpensive, $50,000 ($ in dollars), four-story, 16-unit apartment building designed by local architect Theodore Conner.
In 1925, planning began on the Cedar Glen Apartments at 11424-11432 Cedar Glen Parkway. Owned and designed by prominent local architect Samuel E. Weis ( Samuel E. White), it was one of the first apartment buildings to be erected in Cleveland in several years. Located just inside the Cleveland city limits at the corner of Ambleside Drive and Cedar Glen Parkway and facing the parkway, the structure was to above the road. With a then-unobstructed view of the Cleveland Museum of Art, Western Reserve University and Case Institute of Technology, Severance Hall, and University Circle, It was only a short distance south of Cleveland's Little Italy. The Plain Dealer newspaper called it one of the "most unusual sites" in the city.
The building had a frontage on Cedar Glen Parkway, a frontage on Ambleside Drive. The building's access road was set back from Cedar Glen Parkway, and the structure's east wall from Ambleside. Ample vacant land at the rear of the building provided privacy. The first floor of the Georgian Revival-style building's exterior was clad in Indiana limestone, with the upper floors consisting of exposed brick with limestone trim at the corners and around the doorways. The windows were trimmed with stone. The building frame was steel, with walls, floors, and the roof of reinforced concrete. The cornice was topped by a balustrade consisting of terra cotta balusters and a stone railing. Stone urns rested atop the balustrade. The structure's exterior and interior masonry walls were certified by the Cleveland Clay League as using locally sourced materials, fireproof, and attractive. The E-shaped building had a garden forecourt deep and long. The apartment complex itself consisted of a six-story central tower equipped with an elevator, and two four-story walk-up wings (e.g., equipped with stairs but no elevator). Each wing, each connection, and the central tower all had their own entrances. The building had an underground 40-car garage with internal staircases (so patrons did not have to exit the garage to reach the interior of the building).
As originally constructed, the Cedar Glen Apartments had 27 units ranging in size from four to eight rooms, some with servants' quarters. Intended as a luxury apartment, all the rooms were unusually large. Each bedroom had its own bathroom, and featured large windows. Each apartment had a fireplace of molded concrete, numerous closets, and enclosed radiators, and came equipped with the latest electronic work-saving appliances (such as a frost free refrigerator, dishwasher, and stove exhaust hood). The central tower was topped with a , two-story, 12-room, six-bath penthouse. Each room in the penthouse had ceilings. The upper floor of the penthouse consisted of two bedrooms and a bathroom.
The final cost of the Cedar Glen Apartments was $650,000 ($ in dollars), slightly higher than its projected cost of $600,000 ($ in dollars), and the building was completed in July 1927.
History of the building
A wide range of wealthy and upper-middle class attorneys, businesspeople, civic leaders, educators, elected officials, government officials, physicians, and others took up residence in the Cedar Glen Apartments after they opened, making it one of Cleveland's most sought-after addresses. Residents included Feargus B. Squire, former secretary of Standard Oil, who leased the penthouse in 1928. It was widely considered a Cleveland landmark due to its location, the notability of its residents, its very spacious apartments, and its architectural design. The Cedar Glen Apartments epitomized apartment living and design for the period 1910 to 1930. Just over 50 percent of all Americans lived in apartments in the 1920s, and apartments were seen as equivalent to homes: Spacious, comfortable, and with numerous amenities. Wealthy Americans expected even more from their apartments, and Cedar Glen was designed to accommodate their desires. By 1960, however, just 38 percent of all Americans lived in apartments, and apartment shifted from 1940 to 1960 by shifting to a "shoebox" design that emphasized inexpensive rent, small spaces, and fewer rooms.
In 1931, the cities of Cleveland and Cleveland Heights significantly widened Cedar Glen Parkway, bringing traffic and associated noise much closer to Cedar Glen Apartments. The two cities constructed high stone retaining walls on either side of the parkway to hold the hills in place. The Cedar Glen Apartments were sold in December 1931 to the George M. Forman Realty Trust of Chicago. No sales price was disclosed.
The Cleveland Transit System, which operated bus, streetcar, and trackless trolley buses in the city of Cleveland, proposed an RTA Rapid Transit at the foot of Cedar Hill in 1947. Station plans were proposed in January 1952, and approved two months later. Construction on the station began in May 1954, and it opened on March 15, 1955. The new station was a three-minute walk from the Cedar Glen Apartments.
In 1951, the Cedar Glen Apartments were acquired by two investors, T.W. Grogan (head of the T.W. Grogan Co., a local construction firm) and R.R. Hollington (of the Marshman, Hollington & Steadman law firm). No purchase price was reported.
A major fire struck the building on February 27, 1956. The blaze erupted in the kitchen on the first floor of the empty penthouse at 10 P.M., and spread to the second floor. Although the fire was contained by 1 A.M., it continued to burn until daylight as firefighters had difficulty accessing the walls and ceilings due to the building's exceptionally strong design. Heavy water and smoke caused $150,000 ($ in dollars) in damages to central tower.
The Cedar Glen Apartments were sold again in October 1960. Otto and Vilma Psenicka (west side home builders) purchased the structure from Grogan and Hollington for $400,000 ($ in dollars). The Psenickas significantly renovated the building the following year.
Condominium conversion
By the 1980s, the Cedar Glen Apartments had lost much of their social cachet. The building was in disrepair due to wear and tear and years of deferred maintenance.
In 1991, the Judson Park retirement community (located across Ambleside Drive) purchased the Cedar Glen Apartments with the intent of razing the structure so that it could build a parking garage on the site. Residents of the Cedar Glen Apartments organized to oppose the demolition, proposing to buy the building themselves and renovate it. Financing for that plan did not materialize. In summer 1993, Judson Park agreed to sell the Cedar Glen Apartments to the local law firm of Climaco Seminatore Lefkowitz & Garofoli for $1.2 million ($ in dollars) and title to the Trigve-Hoff Building at E. 107th Street and Chester Avenue. The new owners planned to convert the building to condominiums. Sale of the building required making several emergency repairs to shore it up, which were financed in part by a $200,000 ($ in dollars) grant from the Cleveland Division of Economic Development. City officials estimated, however, that another $1.5 million ($ in dollars) in repairs and renovations would still be needed. To help the new owners secure historic tax credits to pay for the repairs, the city of Cleveland designated Cedar Glen Apartments a Cleveland Landmark, and the building owners sought and won designation of the structure as a National Historic site.
The renovation and repair of the building, which topped $3.5 million ($ in dollars), merged three apartments, leaving the structure with 27 condominium units with one to four bedrooms each. Each condo unit was renovated one at a time, with buyers offered various packages of improvements to choose from. Cleveland Public Power designed and implemented the building's interior and exterior lighting schemes.
In July 1995, the Cleveland Restoration Society honored Cedar Glen residents Michael and Debbie May for their campaign to save the historic structure, and in negotiating its sale to the Climaco law firm.
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
External links
University Circle
National Register of Historic Places in Cleveland, Ohio
Apartment buildings in Cleveland
Residential buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Ohio
Residential buildings completed in 1927
Georgian Revival architecture in Ohio
The Sid Richardson Museum is located in historic Sundance Square in Fort Worth, Texas, and features permanent and special exhibitions of paintings by Frederic Remington and Charles M. Russell, as well as other late 19th and early 20th-century artists who worked in the American West. The works reflect both the artistic visions and realities of the American West, and were part of the personal collection of the late oilman and philanthropist, Sid Williams Richardson, (1891-1959). The paintings were acquired by him primarily through Newhouse Galleries in New York from 1942 until 1959. In addition to Remington and Russell, the collection includes works by Oscar E. Berninghaus, Charles F. Browne, Edwin W. Deming, William Gilbert Gaul, Peter Hurd, Frank Tenney Johnson, William R. Leigh, Peter Moran and Charles Schreyvogel.
Opened in 1982, the museum is housed in a replica of an 1895 building in an area of restored turn-of-the-century buildings in downtown Fort Worth. The site was chosen by the Sid Richardson Foundation trustees both for its convenience to downtown visitors and workers and for the historic atmosphere of the area.
The Museum offers tours and a variety of educational programs and events for adults, children and families including lectures, movies, hands-on studio activities, and more. Tours are available to visitors, school and community groups. A virtual tour is available on the museum's website. Admission is always free.
In 2006 the Sid Richardson Museum (formerly the Sid Richardson Collection of Western Art) reopened a newly renovated space that featured expanded exhibition, educational and retail space and facilities. In 2020, the museum renovated its retail space to create an introductory gallery to the collection.
Gallery
References
External links
Sid Richardson Museum
Frederic Remington
Art museums and galleries in Texas
Museums in Fort Worth, Texas
Museums of American art
American West museums
Bass family
David M. Schwarz buildings
Steven Pasquale (pronounced ; born November 18, 1976) is an American actor. He is best known for his role as the New York City Firefighter/Emergency Medical Technician Sean Garrity in the series Rescue Me. He made his debut on the HBO series Six Feet Under, playing a love interest for David. He has also starred in the film Aliens vs. Predator: Requiem, and as Scott in American Son, on both stage and screen.
Life and career
Pasquale was born in Hershey, Pennsylvania. For Highschool he attended Bishop McDevitt High School, a Roman Catholic school in Harrisburg, PA. He attended the Meadows School of the Arts at Southern Methodist University as a theatre major for one semester, before moving to New York. He has starred in numerous theatre productions. He originated the role of Fabrizio in the Seattle cast of The Light in the Piazza, but scheduling conflicts with Rescue Me prevented him from reprising the role on Broadway. He said, "That was the most heartbreaking thing that I've ever experienced professionally."
He played the role of Sheriff Joe Sutter in the musical The Spitfire Grill, where he introduced the song "Forest For the Trees". He then had the lead role of Chris in the 1998 American tour of Miss Saigon. In 2002, he played Robbie Faye in the New York production of A Man of No Importance and Archibald Craven at the Joey DiPaolo AIDS Foundation's concert of The Secret Garden, alongside Michael Arden, Jaclyn Nedenthal, Will Chase, Max von Essen, Celia Keenan-Bolger, and Tony Award-winning actress Laura Benanti, whom he later married.
In April 2009, the record label PS Classics released Pasquale's first album, Somethin' Like Love, a jazz album produced by Jessica Molaskey and John Pizzarelli. He launched his official website in February 2009 and starred in the Broadway play reasons to be pretty by Neil LaBute.
In 2011, Pasquale played the lead role of Paul Keller on the Fox Television Studios pilot Over/Under. The pilot was rejected in 2012 but aired on the USA Network on January 4, 2013. He also starred in the U.S. miniseries Coma.
He was the lead actor for the NBC series Do No Harm, which premiered on January 31, 2013, to the lowest debut rating in the history of prime-time television.
In 2013, Pasquale starred in The Bridges of Madison County at the Williamstown Theatre Festival, alongside Kelli O'Hara. He also starred in the Broadway production of the musical at the Gerald Schoenfeld Theatre beginning in late January 2014, with Kelli O'Hara replacing Elena Shaddow. He had previously worked with O'Hara in 2013, in the world premiere of Richard Greenberg and Scott Frankel's musical Far from Heaven, in which he portrayed Frank Whitaker.
In 2014, Pasquale guest starred in Season 6, episode 4 of the CBS legal drama series The Good Wife, as Alicia Florrick (Julianna Margulies)'s campaign manager Jonathan Elfman.
He starred in Lyric Opera of Chicago's musical Carousel, alongside Laura Osnes, which closed May 3, 2015.
In 2016, he portrayed Mark Fuhrman in the FX limited series American Crime Story: The People v. O.J. Simpson. He received the 2016 Lucille Lortel Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Musical for portraying Jamie Lockhart in the 2016 revival of The Robber Bridegroom, at the Roundabout Theater Company.
Personal life
Pasquale has a daughter, Maddie, with his high-school sweetheart. Maddie was born when Pasquale was twenty years old. He and Maddie's mother never married.
Pasquale was married to actress and singer Laura Benanti from 2007 to 2013. In February 2016, he became engaged to actress and singer Phillipa Soo; they married on September 24, 2017.
Credits
Theater
Film
Television
References
External links
1976 births
20th-century American male actors
21st-century American male actors
American male film actors
American male stage actors
American male television actors
American tenors
Living people
Male actors from Pennsylvania
People from Hershey, Pennsylvania
21st-century American singers
21st-century American male singers
American people of Italian descent
The Designated Suppliers Program (DSP) is a procurement standard proposed by the Worker Rights Consortium and United Students Against Sweatshops. The program was designed to promote the use by US universities of suppliers that make use of a defined set of fair labor practices.
References
External links
The WRC's description of the DSP and the debate surrounding it
Statements opposing the DSP by the Fair Labor Association
Working conditions
Activism
Education issues
Harry Hess Reichard (August 27, 1878 – August 26, 1956) was a Pennsylvania German writer and scholar.
Biography
Reichard was born in Lower Saucon Township, Pennsylvania in the United States. In 1901, he graduated from Lafayette College in Easton, Pennsylvania. In 1911, he received his Ph.D. from Johns Hopkins University.
From 1924 to 1948, Reichard was a professor of German at Muhlenberg College in Allentown, Pennsylvania. He also portrayed the character of Der Assabe Mumbauer on the popular Pennsylvania German dialect radio program, Assabe and Sabina from 1944 to 1955.
For his work, Reichard was awarded a citation by the Pennsylvania German Society in 1950.
Publications
Pennsylvania-German Dialect Writings and Their Writers (1918)
Pennsylvania German Verses (1940)
References
Notes
1878 births
1956 deaths
Pennsylvania culture
Pennsylvania Dutch people
Lafayette College alumni
Johns Hopkins University alumni
Muhlenberg College faculty
Writers from Allentown, Pennsylvania
Philippus Johannes Andries Watermeyer (1825-1897) was a prominent Member of the Cape Legislative Assembly.
Family
Born in 1825, his family, the Watermeyers, were a distinguished family of liberal "Cape Dutch" Afrikaners - many of whom served in high office. Philip was the uncle of the MLA brothers, Ben and Frank Watermeyer.
Parliament
Philip Watermeyer represented the electoral district of Colesberg in the 1860s, 70s and 80s. Colesberg was one of the most remote districts of the Cape, far in the north, and he had to travel 14 days from there to reach Cape Town for parliamentary sessions.
Within the Cape Parliament, he served unofficially as the supporter of the rights and policies of the Orange Free State, and as a spokesman for both Boer republics in the Cape Legislative Assembly.
Responsible Government
Philip Watermeyer was unusual however, in that he was the only Afrikaans Member of Parliament who strongly favoured greater British Imperial control in southern Africa. As such, he strongly opposed the growing movement for "responsible government" (local democratic self-rule), quite unlike most of his family members. In 1871 however, when the "responsibles" were on the verge of victory, Philip underwent a dramatic conversion, and became a supporter of the movement.
Federation
In 1875, he was one of the minority of Cape MPs who went along with the Confederation plan of Carnarvon, believing that it would do justice to the Free State's bid for the Griqualand West diamond fields. He had strongly opposed the proposal that the Cape annex Griqualand West (at the time claimed by the Free State).
However the Orange Free State refused to have any dealings with the Confederation plan.
He also propounded the theory that the Cape would be threatened by a unification of Griqualand West, the Orange Free State and the British colony of Natal (and therefore should pre-empt it by joining Carnarvon's confederation).
In 1876, he accompanied President Burgers of the Transvaal Republic to Berlin, where the President was to negotiate for German protection against the British Confederation scheme.
He was then noticed for publicly applauding the British invasion and annexation of the Transvaal Republic. He then threatened the Cape with the loss of its constitution if it did not likewise comply.
He was famously referred to by Andries Botha as "the Colesberg Fox".
References
Members of the House of Assembly of the Cape Colony
19th-century South African people
1825 births
1897 deaths
The Global Public Health Intelligence Network (GPHIN) is an electronic public health early warning system developed by Canada's Public Health Agency, and is part of the World Health Organization's (WHO) Global Outbreak Alert and Response Network (GOARN). This system monitors internet media, such as newswires and websites, in nine languages in order to help detect and report potential disease or other health threats around the world. The system has been credited with detecting early signs of the 2009 swine flu pandemic in Mexico, Zika in West Africa, H5N1 in Iran, MERS and Ebola.
The system came to greater public awareness after it was revealed that Canada's Federal Government effectively shut it down in May 2019, ultimately preventing the system from providing an early warning of COVID-19. In August 2020, the system began issuing alerts again.
History
Ronald St. John, then a government epidemiologist, created GPHIN in 1994 as a way to improve Canada's intelligence surrounding outbreaks. Growing in parallel with ProMED-mail, GPHIN was Canada's major contribution to the World Health Organization (WHO), which at one point credited the system with supplying 20 per cent of its "epidemiological intelligence" and described the system as "the foundation" of a global pandemic early-warning system.
After the 2003 SARS outbreak, the system became central to Canada's pandemic preparedness. The system, which eventually fell under the Centre for Emergency Preparedness and Response in the PHAC, detected early signs of the 2009 swine flu pandemic in Mexico, Zika in West Africa, H5N1 in Iran, MERS and Ebola.
2019–2020 silence
A July 2020 investigation by The Globe and Mail revealed that Canada's Federal Government effectively shutdown GPHIN in May 2019, ultimately preventing the system from providing an early warning of COVID-19. After the government directed for a more domestic focus, the Public Health Agency of Canada (PHAC) assigned employees to different tasks in the department. The shutdown was gradual: in 2009, there were 877 alerts; 198 in 2013; and only 21 in 2018. The final alert came on May 24, 2019. In August 2020, more than 400 days after going silent, the system began issuing alerts again.
In early 2020 before COVID-19 was declared a pandemic, scientists at PHAC "were told to focus on official information coming out of China, rather than unofficial intelligence. Some said they struggled to convey urgent information up the chain of command." Internal PHAC emails obtained by The Globe indicate that Sally Thornton, vice-president of the Health Security Infrastructure Branch, and Jim Harris, director-general of the Centre for Emergency Preparedness and Response, oversaw the decision that curtailed alerts.
Following The Globe and Mail's report, Canada's Auditor-General began an investigation into why the program was curtailed. Released in March 2021, the Auditor-General's report described PHAC as ill-prepared for the pandemic. The report focused primarily on the silencing of GPHIN and the inaccurate risk assessments that replaced it. In September 2020, Canada's Health Minister Patty Hajdu ordered an independent federal review to look into both the shutdown of the system along with allegations that some scientist's voices were marginalized. Former national security adviser Margaret Bloodworth; former deputy chief public health officer Paul Gully; and Mylaine Breton, Canada Research Chair in Clinical Governance on Primary Health Care led Hajdu's review. Canada's Chief Public Health Officer Theresa Tam announced her support of the review, while Prime Minister Justin Trudeau issued blame to funding cuts made prior to 2015 by the previous Conservative government under Stephen Harper.
Management
PHAC's Centre for Emergency Preparedness and Response (CEPR) manages GPHIN. In October 2020, Jim Harris was director-general CEPR.
In September 2020 Brigitte Diogo replaced Sally Thornton as vice-president of the Health Security Infrastructure Branch, the bureaucratic division overseeing GPHIN among other operations. A week later, President Tina Namiesniowski announced her resignation, with Trudeau nominating Iain Stewart as her successor.
References
Further reading
1994 software
Epidemiology
Public health and biosurveillance software
Health in Canada
Public health organizations
Infectious disease organizations
Bioinformatics organizations
Federal departments and agencies of Canada
Health Canada
Medical research institutes in Canada
Organizations based in Ottawa
National public health agencies
Disaster management tools
Emergency communication
Warning systems
The Subboreal is a climatic period, immediately before the present one, of the Holocene. It lasted from 3710 to 450 BCE.
Etymology
The composite scientific term Subboreal, meaning "below the Boreal," is derived from the Latin sub (below, under) and the Greek Βορέας, from Boreas, the god of the North Wind. The word was first introduced in 1889 by Rutger Sernander to distinguish it from Axel Blytt's Boreal, which had been established in 1876.
History
The Subboreal followed the Atlantic and was followed by the Subatlantic. The Subboreal is equivalent to W. H. Zagwijn's pollen zones IVa and IVb and T. Litt's pollen zone VIII. In the pollen scheme of Fritz Theodor Overbeck, it occupies pollen zone X.
In paleoclimatology, it is divided into an Older Subboreal and a Younger Subboreal. Historically, the Subboreal is equivalent to most of the Neolithic and the entire Bronze Age, which started 4200 to 3800 years ago.
Dating
The Subboreal is usually defined as 5660 to 3710 years BP. The lower limit is flexible, as some authors prefer to use 4400 BCE, or 6350 BP in northwestern Poland, even 4830 BC, or 6780 BP, And others use 5000 calendar years, or 3050 BCE. The upper limit of the Subboreal and, therefore the beginning of the Subatlantic, is also flexible and can be attributed to 1170 to 830 BCE, but it is usually fixed at 450 BCE. In varve years, the Subboreal corresponds to 5660 to 2750 years BP.
The boundary between the older and the younger Subboreal is considered to be 1350 BCE.
Climatic evolution
The climate was generally drier and slightly cooler (by about 0.1 °C) than in the preceding Atlantic but still warmer than today. The temperatures were 0.7 °C higher than during the following Subatlantic. Consequently, in Scandinavia the lower limit of glaciers was 100 to 200 m higher than during the Subatlantic. On the whole, the oscillating temperatures slightly receded in the course of the Subboreal by about 0.3 °C.
In the Aegean, the beginning of the Subboreal was marked by a pronounced drought, centered around 5600 years BP. Of far greater importance was the coming to an end of the African Humid Period, reflected in the lakes of subtropical Africa (such as Lake Chad) experiencing a rapid fall in their water levels. During the interval 6200 to 5000 years BP, drier conditions were in southern Mesopotamia, causing great demographic changes and probably instigating the end of the ancient city of Uruk.
In Germany, a drastic climatic cooling can be observed around 5000 varve years BP in the maars of the Eifel. In the preceding interval lasting from 8200 till 5000 varve years (Holocene Climatic Optimum), the July temperatures were on average still 1 °C higher. At the same time, the January temperatures were rising and the yearly precipitation increased.
In Northern Africa and in the Near East, the interval from 4700 to 4100 years BP had renewed and lasting dry conditions, as is indicated by lake level minima. Between 4500 and 4100 years BP, monsoonal precipitations weakened, a possible cause for the upheavals that led to the end of the Old Kingdom of Egypt.
The Levant shows a similar climatic evolution. The dry conditions prevailing in Mesopotamia around 4200 years BP probably resulted in the downfall of the Akkadian Empire.
Carbon dioxide
Levels of carbon dioxide had reached at the beginning of the Subboreal its Holocene minimal value of 260 ppm. During the Subboreal, it started rising and reached 293 ppm at the end of the period. As a comparison, today's value is over 400 ppm.
Vegetation history
In Scandinavia, the Atlantic/Subboreal boundary shows a distinct vegetational change. That is less pronounced in Western Europe, but its typical mixed oak forest shows quite a fast decline in elm and linden. The decline in linden is not fully understood and might be due to cooling or human interference. The decline in elm is most likely due to elm disease, caused by the ascomycete Ceratocystis ulmi, but climatic changes and anthropogenic pressure on the forests certainly must be considered as well. The decline in elm, with a recession from 20 to 4%, as observed in Eifel maar pollen, has been dated in Central and Northern Europe as from 4000 years BC, but it more likely was diachronous over the interval 4350 to 3780 BC.
Another important event was the immigration of European beech (Fagus sylvatica) and hornbeam (Carpinus betulus) from their retreats on the Balkan and south of the Apennines. That happened also diachronously: beech pollen are found for the first time in the interval 4340 to 3540 BC, hornbeam pollen somewhat later between 3400 and 2900 BC. With the start of the Younger Subboreal is the massive spreading of beech. The establishment of beech and hornbeam was accompanied by indicator plants for human settlements and agriculture like cereals and plantain (Plantago lanceolata), and hazel was receding.
The relatively-dry climate during the subboreal furthered the spreading of heath plants (Ericaceae).
Sea level
Like in the Atlantic, the global sea level kept on rising during the Subboreal but at a much slower rate. The increase amounted to about 1 m, which corresponds to a rate of 0.3 mm per year. At the end of the Subboreal, the sea level was about 1 m below the current value.
Evolution in the Baltic
In the Baltic the Litorina Sea had already established itself before the onset of the Subboreal. During the Older Subboreal the second Litorina transgression raised the sea level to 1 m below the actual value. After an intermediate Post-litorine Regression the third Litorina transgression reached 60 cm below present and during the beginning Subatlantic, it reached today's value.
Evolution in the North Sea region
In the North Sea region, the Flandrian transgression of the Atlantic was followed by a slight regression or standstill at the beginning of the Subboreal.
References
.04
Geological ages
Paleoclimatology
Pellecebra is an Afrotropical monotypic genus of moths in the family Lasiocampidae. Its sole species, Pellecebra superba, is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo—which is its type locality—the Republic of the Congo, Cameroon, Gabon and Nigeria.
The holotype of P. superba is part of the collection of Lepidoptera specimen at Museum Witt Munich.
References
Lasiocampidae
Moths of Africa
Moths described in 2012
Monotypic moth genera
The 2020 United States presidential election in Tennessee was held on Tuesday, November 3, 2020, as part of the 2020 United States presidential election in which all 50 states plus the District of Columbia participated. Tennessee voters chose electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote, pitting the Republican Party's nominee, incumbent President Donald Trump, and running mate Vice President Mike Pence against Democratic Party nominee, former Vice President Joe Biden, and his running mate California Senator Kamala Harris. Tennessee has 11 electoral votes in the Electoral College.
Trump won Tennessee with 60.66% of the vote, almost tied with his 60.72% vote share in 2016. Despite this, Biden got 37.4% of the vote, three points better than Hillary Clinton. Prior to the election, all 17 news organizations considered this a state Trump would win, or a safe red state. The Volunteer State has not supported a Democrat since 1996. Biden won the same counties as Clinton did: urban Shelby and Davidson counties--anchored by Memphis and Nashville, respectively--as well as majority-Black Haywood County, and became the first Democrat to win the presidency without Hardeman County. In addition, Trump performed somewhat better than polls anticipated, as they had Trump leading Biden by 55%–41%.
Despite this, Biden was able to improve his support in the Nashville metropolitan area, gaining 64.5% of the vote in Davidson County, the best Democratic performance in the county since FDR won 72.1% of the vote in 1944. At the same time, Biden also made gains in the Nashville suburban counties of Williamson, Rutherford, Wilson, Sumner, and Cheatham, performing considerably better than Hillary Clinton in 2016. For example, Biden lost Rutherford County, anchored by Murfreesboro, only by 56.6% to 41.2%, much lower than Clinton's 25.9-point loss in 2016. Additionally, he narrowed Trump's margins in Hamilton County--anchored by Chattanooga--only losing it by 9.7 points, the best Democratic performance there since Bill Clinton lost the county by 6.5% in 1996; and with 44.1% of the popular vote, the best Democratic percentage since Carter's 48% in 1976, consequently losing by 2.8 points. This is the first time a Democrat has even garnered 40% of the vote in Rutherford County since 2000, when favorite son Al Gore lost the county by 9.7 points while at the same time losing both his home state and the election.
Winning the state by 708,764 votes, Tennessee gave Trump his largest margin of victory by the number of votes nationally. This exceeded the 631,221 vote margin he won in Texas, marking the first time since 1988 (when Florida provided the largest margin of victory) where Texas did not provide the Republican presidential nominee with his widest margin of votes for a statewide victory. Additionally, this is the second consecutive election in which a nominee carried over 60% of Tennessee's vote, the first time since 1996 that Tennessee and neighboring Georgia did not vote for the same candidate, and the first time since 1980 that Tennessee was won by the Republicans while Georgia was won by the Democrats.
Per exit polls by the Associated Press, Trump's strength in Tennessee came from a 69% showing among Southern whites, who made up 84% of the electorate. Similarly, Trump carried white born-again/Evangelical Christians by 86%–12%. The state of Tennessee is entirely covered in the Bible Belt. The only strength Biden showed was 88% of African-American voters. 65% of voters opposed removing Confederate statues from public places in Tennessee, and these voters backed Trump by 83%–15%.
Primary elections
Republican primary
The Republican primary was on March 3, 2020. Former Tennessee senator Bob Corker was considered a potential primary opponent for Trump.
Democratic primary
The Democratic primary was on March 3, 2020. Elizabeth Warren, Bernie Sanders, and former Vice President Joe Biden were among the major declared candidates.
General election
Predictions
Polling
Graphical summary
Aggregate polls
Polls
Donald Trump vs. Michael Bloomberg
Donald Trump vs. Pete Buttigieg
Donald Trump vs. Bernie Sanders
Donald Trump vs. Elizabeth Warren
Electoral slates
These slates of electors were nominated by each party in order to vote in the Electoral College should their candidates win the state:
Results
By congressional district
Trump won 7 of 9 congressional districts.
By county
See also
United States presidential elections in Tennessee
2020 United States presidential election
2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries
2020 Republican Party presidential primaries
2020 United States elections
Notes
References
External links
(State affiliate of the U.S. League of Women Voters)
Tennessee
2020
Presidential
Kham Ta Kla (, ) is a district (amphoe) in the northern part of Sakon Nakhon province, northeast Thailand.
Geography
Neighboring districts are (from the southeast clockwise) Akat Amnuai, Wanon Niwat, Ban Muang of Sakon Nakhon Province, Phon Charoen and Seka of Bueng Kan province.
History
The minor district (king amphoe) was created on 15 September 1976, when the three tambons Kham Ta Kla, Nong Bua Sim, and Na Tae were split off from Wanon Niwat district. It was upgraded to a full district on 13 July 1981.
Administration
The district is divided into four sub-districts (tambons), which are further subdivided into 57 villages (mubans). Kham Ta Kla is a sub-district municipality (thesaban tambon) which covers parts of tambon Kham Ta Kla. There are a further four tambon administrative organizations (TAO).
References
External links
amphoe.com
Kham Ta Kla
is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Kenji Morita (森田拳次). The series stars an elementary school boy named , who has little success with anything he tries, and a robot named , which is good with housekeeping. It was serialized in the Kodansha magazine Weekly Shōnen Magazine from 1964 to 1967. A tokusatsu adaptation by Toei Company aired on Nippon Television from March 7, 1966, to February 27, 1967, for 52 episodes; young actor Pepe Hozumi played the title character. An anime adaptation by Studio Pierrot ran on Fuji Television from November 1991 to September 1992 for The 47 episodes.
References
External links
Marude Dameo at Studio Pierrot
Marude Dameo at Studio Pierrot
Marude Dameo on the official Cartoon Network South Korea website
1964 manga
1966 anime television series debuts
1991 anime television series debuts
Fuji TV original programming
Kodansha manga
Nippon TV original programming
Shōnen manga
Pierrot (company)
The 1942 North Dakota gubernatorial election was held on November 3, 1942. Incumbent Democrat John Moses defeated Republican nominee Oscar W. Hagen with 57.62% of the vote.
Primary elections
Primary elections were held on June 30, 1942.
Democratic primary
Candidates
John Moses, incumbent Governor
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Oscar W. Hagen, incumbent Lieutenant Governor
Earl D. Symington, Speaker of the North Dakota House of Representatives
Results
General election
Candidates
John Moses, Democratic
Oscar W. Hagen, Republican
Results
References
1942
North Dakota
Gubernatorial
During the 1978–79 season, Heart of Midlothian F.C. competed in the Scottish Premier Division, the Scottish Cup, the Scottish League Cup, the Anglo-Scottish Cup and the East of Scotland Shield.
Fixtures
Friendlies
Tennents Caledonian Cup
Anglo-Scottish Cup
League Cup
Scottish Cup
East of Scotland Shield
Scottish Premier Division
Scottish Premier Division table
Squad information
|}
See also
List of Heart of Midlothian F.C. seasons
References
Statistical Record 78-79
External links
Official Club website
Heart of Midlothian F.C. seasons
Heart of Midlothian
Georgia v. South Carolina, 497 U.S. 376 (1990), is one of a long series of U.S. Supreme Court cases determining the borders of the state of Georgia. In this case, the Court decided the exact border within the Savannah River and whether islands should be a part of Georgia or South Carolina. It also decided the seaward border.
Background
In 1787, the two states agreed in the Treaty of Beaufort that the boundary along the Savannah River was the river's "most northern branch or stream," "reserving all islands in [the river] to Georgia". In a subsequent 1922 Supreme Court decision, also called Georgia v. South Carolina, 257 U.S. 516, also held that all islands in the river belong to Georgia, but that the border should be in the middle of the river between the two shores, with the border halfway between any island and the South Carolina shore.
Since the 1922 case, a number of new islands had been created in the river between the city of Savannah and the ocean, due to the deposit of dredging spoilage or the natural deposit of sediments. In some cases, the new islands were on the South Carolina side of the previously drawn boundary, and Georgia claimed that once a new island emerged, the border should be moved to the midpoint between the new island and the South Carolina shore of the river. In some cases, the state of South Carolina had been collecting property tax from the landowners and policing the land in question for a number of years.
When an island causes the border to leave the middle of the river, it raises the question as to how the borderline should return to the middle of the river at each end of the island. South Carolina advocated a right angle bend at each tip of the island, while Georgia advocated a "triequidistant" method which kept the border an equal distance between the two shores and the tip of the island (resulting in a smooth curve.)
The Savannah River north of Elba Island was particularly wide, and the Army Corps of Engineers built a training wall to narrow the channel to prevent it from filling up with silt. The Corps also filled the area behind the training wall with dredging spoilage. Both South Carolina and Georgia claimed the land that was created behind the training wall, even though it was on the South Carolina side of the river. This new land was called "Denwill and Horseshoe Shoal".
Given the valuable natural resources off the Atlantic Ocean shore, the two states also contested where the off-shore boundary between the two states is located. The typical procedure would be to locate the mouth of the Savannah River and then draw a line perpendicular to the shore from the midpoint of the river's mouth. However, the river does not have a clearly defined mouth. Tybee Island forms the southern edge of its mouth, but there are no highlands on the opposite side. South Carolina claimed that a submerged shoal formed the north side of the mouth, while Georgia claimed that Hilton Head Island was the north side of the mouth. The issue is complicated by a bend in the Atlantic coast at this point with Georgia's coast about 20 degrees from true north and South Carolina's coast about 47 degrees from true north. A perpendicular line drawn from each of these angles results in an overlapping 27 degree wedges claimed by both states.
In 1978, the Court appointed Walter E. Hoffman, Senior Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia, as special master to gather the facts and make a recommendation.
Opinion of the Court
Justice Blackmun delivered a plurality opinion and held that the new island on the South Carolina side of the border belonged to that state rather than Georgia. Georgia had lost the right to that land through prescription and acquiescence. He also found that any new islands emerging after the border was drawn would not cause the border to automatically shift so as to place the island in Georgia. The Court also adopted Georgia's "triequidistant" method for determining the boundary around the existing islands, resulting in the borderline curving around those islands.
The Court awarded Denwill and Horseshoe Shoal to Georgia because its creation was "primarily avulsive in nature." The Court also placed the newly emerged Bird Island in Georgia. The Court also set a compromise seaward boundary drawing it perpendicular to a line between Tybee Island and Hilton Head.
Justice White, joined by Justice Marshall, dissented in part. They would draw the boundary at islands at right angles to the tips of the islands back to the middle of the river.
Justice Stevens, joined by Justice Scalia, dissented from the seaward boundary portion of the opinion. This opinion would average the angles of the Georgia and South Carolina coastlines and draw the boundary at an azimuth of this boundary would be approximately 123 1/2 degrees.
Justice Scalia, joined by Justice Kennedy, dissented from the Denwill and Horseshoe Shoal portion of the opinion and would place that land in South Carolina.
Justice Kennedy, joined by Chief Justice Rehnquist, dissented from the portions of the opinion finding that newly formed islands belong in whatever state has that portion of the river. Kennedy reads the Treaty as giving all islands to Georgia, so Kennedy would place them in Georgia unless they were lost by prescription and acquiescence. Accordingly, Kennedy agrees with the majority that the Barnwell Islands belong to South Carolina.
One history text described the case, "In 1990 the United States Supreme Court awarded South Carolina 7,000 acres of water and 3,000 acres of land along the Savannah River, increasing the size of the state by four and a half square miles."
References
Further reading
External links
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the Rehnquist Court
Internal territorial disputes of the United States
1990 in United States case law
1990 in Georgia (U.S. state)
1990 in South Carolina
Billy Cooper, also known as Billy The Trumpet, is a cricket supporter, best known as the trumpet player for the Barmy Army.
Career
Cooper was educated at Guildhall School of Music and Drama. He has a Bachelor of Music honours degree and a performer's diploma from the Royal Academy of Music, and plays as a guest trumpeter with several orchestras including the London Symphony Orchestra and new music specialists Klangforum Wien, as well as in West End musicals.
Barmy Army
Cooper became involved with the Barmy Army in 2004 after following England on a tour of the West Indies and accidentally leaving his trumpet in a taxi in Barbados. It was later discovered by someone in the Barmy Army who was also at the same game Cooper was going to. When Cooper asked for it to be returned, the person asked for him to prove it was his by playing it. Cooper then played The Great Escape theme tune, which led to some of the Barmy Army offering to pay his air fare if he would join them on England's tour of South Africa.
At matches Cooper usually plays theme tunes from popular television programmes such as the theme tunes from Blackadder, Only Fools and Horses, and Coronation Street. Cooper also plays songs such as "The Lion Sleeps Tonight" and "YMCA".
During the 2010–11 Ashes series, Cooper played Jerusalem from the top of the Sydney Harbour Bridge early in the morning of the last Test game of the series. During the last delivery of the Ashes series, Cooper played The Last Post.
Cooper also plays tunes appropriate to a particular passage of play. For example, during England's 2013 tour of New Zealand, he would play a passage of Wagner whenever the New Zealand fast bowler Neil Wagner began a spell of bowling.
In January 2020, he announced his retirement from touring matches after the South Africa tour.
Controversies
Cooper's actions have sometimes led him into trouble. In 2006, Cooper was thrown out of the Gabba and arrested for playing the Neighbours theme tune on his trumpet during the 2006–07 Ashes series due to playing a "banned musical instrument". However, in 2010, Cricket Australia gave Cooper special dispensation to be the only person allowed into the Gabba with a musical instrument.
In 2009, he was banned from attending a Test match at Headingley along with Barmy Army leader Vic Flowers for potentially being a distraction to people watching matches according to the operators of Headingley. He was not permitted to enter Trent Bridge during the 2013 or 2015 Ashes series due to a stadium ban on musical instruments.
References
External links
The Barmy Army's page on Cooper
Cricket supporters
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
English trumpeters
Male trumpeters
Alumni of the Guildhall School of Music and Drama
Alumni of the Royal Academy of Music
Place of birth missing (living people)
Sports musicians
21st-century trumpeters
21st-century British male musicians
Series 41 of University Challenge began on 4 July 2011, and aired on BBC Two. Below is a list of the matches played with their scores and outcomes.
Results
Winning teams are highlighted in bold.
Teams with green scores (winners) returned in the next round, while those with red scores (losers) were eliminated.
Teams with orange scores must win one more match to return in the next round (current highest scoring losers, teams that won their first quarter final match, teams that won their second quarter final match having lost their first, or teams that won their first quarter final match and lost their second).
Teams with yellow scores indicate that two further matches must be played and won (teams that lost their first quarter final match).
A score in italics indicates a match decided on a tie-breaker question.
First round
Highest Scoring Losers Play-Offs
Second round
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
The trophy and title were awarded to the Manchester team comprising Luke Kelly, Michael McKenna, Tristan Burke and Paul Joyce.
The trophy was presented by Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall at Clarence House.
References
External links
University Challenge Homepage
Blanchflower Results Table
2012
2011 British television seasons
2012 British television seasons
Mansur Hoda: (1930–2001) was born in a middle-class Muslim family in the Indian city of Chhapra, Bihar. Mansur Hoda as a student, had worked as a research volunteer for the Intermediate Technology Group. After working for Indian Railways for ten years, he joined Bihar government as Inspector of Factories.
Mansur Hoda was greatly influenced by E. F. Schumacher of Small Is Beautiful fame. Mansur Hoda was absolutely convinced by the Schumacher's concept of intermediate technology or appropriate technology – something between the sickle and the combine harvester, the hoe and the tractor – as the only feasible solution to the problems of massive unemployment that haunted India and other developing countries.
In an article published in The Observer, E. F. Schumacher had strongly advocated for the "intermediate technologies" focusing on the need and skills possessed by the people of developing countries. He rejected the conventional aid policies which were based on transfer of modern large-scale technologies to poor countries lacking technical skills and mass market for them. This article aroused much interest and encouraged a few enthusiasts like George McRobie, Alfred Latham-Koenig and Mansur Hoda along with E. F Schumacher to create an advisory centre to promote the use of labour-intensive technologies. In 1966, the Intermediate Technology Development Group (ITDG) – now known as Practical Action – was born.
In 1968, along with his brother Surur Hoda, and helped by Schumacher, he formed the India Development Group UK, which runs rural development programmes in India with the help of the Indian business community in Britain.
In 1972, he left his higher studies MSc in Nuclear Science, Surrey University and a lucrative career to establish and run the Appropriate Technology unit at the Gandhian Institute in Varanasi, India on request of Jayaprakash Narayan, the leading Gandhian in India. During his visit to India Development Group, UK, Jayaprakash Narayan met Mansur Hoda and persuaded him to return to India and carry out the work, which could help millions of poor Indians. Schumacher travelled with him to deliver a series of lectures. 1976, encourage with responses, an enlarged unit was established in Lucknow and named Appropriate Technology Development Association,(ATDA) with Mansur Hoda as its first director.
It worked on improving and inventing number of rural and green technologies, including cotton spinning, renewable energy (solar cooker and biogas) and cycle rickshaw transport. Development of improved mini sugar factories, and an efficient 20-ton-a-day cement plant, using local raw material and making high-quality Portland cement brought international fame.
Mansur Hoda was a strong advocate of "Production by masses instead of Mass Production". In his address to the International Conference on the Indian Government's document, Approach to the Five Year Plan 1974–79, held at the Imperial College, London, Mansur Hoda pointed out, "Development does not only mean increased production of goods- but also the development of people – the stimulation of their innate abilities, giving them a feeling of self-determination, self-respect, self-reliance and enthusiasm. Unless people are involved in the process of development and are given a chance to do something worthwhile, to grasp new ideas, acquire new skills and develop a sense of their own worth, no society can move out of misery and poverty"
"Indeed, development is almost a meaningless word when a large percentage of the population can neither contribute to the nation's progress nor benefit from it".
In 1983, Mansur Hoda help set up the Gandhi Foundation in London. He returned to India to set up the Schumacher Institute of Appropriate Technology (SIAT) in Lucknow. This institute trained young villagers in micro enterprises and rural skills. It included repairing of farm equipment, pumps, and scooters. It also contributed to health sector by training for primary healthcare. Under Mansur, SIAT also pioneered in the education and development of entrepreneurial skills of specially women and girls to make them financially independent. This work continues to be supported by British and European Union aid.
Books
Problems of Unemployment in India India Development Group
References
External links
Obituary The Guardian
salaam.co.uk
Practical Action
Appropriate technology advocates
Green thinkers
Gandhians
1930 births
2001 deaths
Alumni of the University of Surrey
Piotrówek may refer to the following places in Poland:
Piotrówek, Legnica County in Lower Silesian Voivodeship (south-west Poland)
Piotrówek, Wrocław County in Lower Silesian Voivodeship (south-west Poland)
Piotrówek, Masovian Voivodeship (east-central Poland)
Ayirvan may refer to:
Hayravank, Armenia
Yerevan, Armenia
Connection is a 2017 Indian film in Konkani, written and directed by Christ Sunjo Silva and produced by Sylvester Fernandes. This is Silva's third feature film, after Limits and Action. The film utilizes a non-linear storytelling technique and flashbacks and is a thriller. It features Prince Jacob in the lead role of Father Mark. The film also features Silva's father, tiatrist John D'Silva, in a role.
Plot
Father Mark (Prince Jacob) is a kind priest who is very pious. He also loves books and is an author. One day, a prisoner approaches him to write a biography of his life. It is then revealed that Father Mark has a dark past which haunts him.
Cast
Main cast
Prince Jacob as Father Mark
John D'Silva
Benhur Silva
Casiano Eddie D'Souza
Chitra Afonso
Benzer Fernandes
Anirudh Kakule
Sobita Kudtarkar
Siddharth Nagoji
Dencilla Dias
Supporting cast
Mita Afonso, Damodar Dicholkar, Donald Colaco, Peter de Pedda, Anay Kamat, Simon Fernandes, Chetana Naik, Siddhesh Chavan and Akash Telgu
See also
Konkani cinema
References
External links
2017 films
Films set in Goa
Films shot in Goa
2010s Konkani-language films
Harry William Taylor (born 4 May 1997) is an English professional footballer who plays for Southend United.
Career
Taylor was in the youth team at Chelsea for seven years, before joining Barnet as an under-15. He made his senior debut with a start in a 3–0 Herts Senior Cup defeat to Bishop's Stortford on 21 January 2014. He returned to the first team on 13 December 2014, starting an FA Trophy tie away to Concord Rangers. He won Barnet's Youth Player of the Year award for the 2014–15 season. Taylor joined Hampton & Richmond Borough on loan in September 2015. After returning to Barnet following a three-month loan spell, he made his debut in the Football League as a late substitute for Curtis Weston at home to Newport County on 26 December 2015. He then joined Staines Town on loan on 18 February 2016, alongside team-mate Ryan Gondoh. On 21 December 2018, Taylor agreed to reunite with former manager, Alan Dowson at Woking on a one-month loan deal. Taylor left Barnet at the end of the 2021-22 season. He made 229 appearances for the Bees, scoring one goal.
Taylor signed for Southend United on 28 June 2022, on a two-year deal with a one-year option.
Personal life
Taylor's younger brother Jack (born 1998) was also in the youth team at Chelsea and later a professional at Barnet and Peterborough United.
Career statistics
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
English footballers
Chelsea F.C. players
Barnet F.C. players
Hampton & Richmond Borough F.C. players
Staines Town F.C. players
Woking F.C. players
Southend United F.C. players
Association football defenders
Association football midfielders
English Football League players
Isthmian League players
Footballers from Hammersmith
The Telling of Lies is a 1986 novel by Timothy Findley. A murder mystery, the novel centres on Vanessa Van Horne, a landscape architect who witnesses the apparent murder of pharmaceutical mogul Calder Maddox at the seaside Aurora Sands Hotel in Maine.
Following the book's paperback publication in the United States in 1988, the novel won the Edgar Award for Best Paperback Original in 1989.
References
Novels by Timothy Findley
1986 Canadian novels
Canadian mystery novels
Edgar Award-winning works
Viking Press books
James Hollis is an American Jungian psychoanalyst, author, and public speaker. He is based in Washington, D.C.
Life and career
Hollis was born in Springfield, Illinois. He graduated from Manchester College (now Manchester University) in Indiana in 1962 with a Bachelor of Arts (BA) degree, and went on to obtain a PhD from Drew University in Madison, New Jersey in 1967. For the first 26 years of his career, he taught Humanities at various colleges and universities, and between 1977 and 1982 he also trained as a Jungian psychoanalyst at the C. G. Jung Institute, Zürich in Switzerland.
He was a Executive Director of the Jung Educational Center in Houston, Texas for many years and Executive Director of the Jung Society of Washington (JSW) until 2019. He also worked as a Senior Training Analyst for the Inter-Regional Society of Jungian Analysts, as a Director of Training of the Philadelphia Jung Institute, and is Vice-President Emeritus of the Philemon Foundation.
He runs a private practice as a Jungian psychoanalyst and lives and works in Washington, D.C. with his wife Jill, an artist and retired therapist, with whom he has three living children and several grand-children.
Works
Hollis has written seventeen books based on personal insights and his work in Jungian analytical psychology:
The Middle Passage: From Misery to Meaning in Mid-Life (1993)
Under Saturn's Shadow: The Wounding and Healing of Men (1994)
Tracking the Gods: The Place of Myth in Modern Life (1995)
Swamplands of the Soul: New Life in Dismal Places (1996)
The Eden Project: In Search of the Magical Other (1998)
The Archetypal Imagination (2000)
Creating a Life: Finding Your Individual Path (2000)
On This Journey We Call Our Life: Living the Questions (2003)
Mythologems: Incarnations of the Invisible World (2004)
Finding Meaning in the Second Half of Life (2006)
Why Good People Do Bad Things: Understanding Our Darker Selves (2007)
What Matters Most: Living a More Considered Life (2009)
Through The Dark Wood: Finding Meaning In The Second Half of Life (2009)
Hauntings: Dispelling the Ghosts Who Run Our Lives (2013)
Living an Examined Life: Wisdom for the Second Half of the Journey (2018)
Living Between Worlds: Finding Personal Resilience in Changing Times (2020)
The Broken Mirror: Refracted Visions of Ourselves (2022)
Interviews
Vaughan, Alan G. (21 August 2014). "An Interview with James Hollis". Jung Journal: Culture & Psyche. Taylor & Francis Online. 8 (3): 119–130. doi:10.1080/19342039.2014.930631.
Hollis, James (15 February 2018). "Living an Examined Life: The Book Brigade talks to Jungian analyst James Hollis, Ph.D". Psychology Today (Interview). Interviewed by The Book Brigade. Sussex Publishers.
Hollis, James (March 2018). "'Living More Fully In The Shadow of Mortality' & 'Living The Examined Life: Steps To The Recovery Of A Personal Journey'" (Interview). Interviewed by Constance Avery-Clark. Center for Jungian Studies of South Florida.
Hollis, James (29 December 2019). "An Interview With James Hollis". California Literary Review (Interview). Interviewed by Pat Dannenberg.
Hollis, James (18 June 2020). "Episode 116 - Finding Resilience: A Conversation with Jim Hollis". This Jungian Life (Audio podcast). Interviewed by Joseph R. Lee; Lisa Marchiano; Deborah Stewart.
Hollis, James (3 July 2020). "James Hollis Explores Healthier State of Mind Despite Media Overload - Variety". Variety (Interview). Interviewed by Steven Gaydos. Variety Media, LLC. (Penske Media Corporation).
Reception
What Matters Most
Writing in The Guardian, Oliver Burkeman describes the author as "a total downer", but advises the reader "[not to] interpret What Matters Most as self-help cheesiness. This blunt and refreshing work by a follower of Jung is a radical and humbling way of thinking about psychology." Burkeman points to "the one-star Amazon reviews of his books [which] are full of people furious at his refusal to offer cheery reassurance or a one-size-fits-all recipe for happiness," and he agrees that "[a]s a teenager or young adult, I suspect I'd have been equally annoyed. But I discovered Hollis at the right time, a few years back, and his writing was a bracing draught of reality, a rousing slap in the face, a wake-up call – pick your metaphor, but What Matters Most was what I needed."
Living Between Worlds
Steven Gaydos, interviewing Hollis for Variety magazine writes: "Living Between Worlds ... is a terrific place to start digging into Hollis' sage counseling, packed as it is with his trademark bracing, no-punches-pulled observations about what he sees as the increasingly perilous state of modern life." The reviewer continues: "Hollis travels the Jungian path in his fundamental belief that modernity may have infinite comforts and distractions, but nothing can or will replace the certainty about our place in the world that disappeared in the 19th century."
Gaydos quotes the author, who writes in Living Between Worlds: "our culture's treatment plans for the absence of a personal, intimate relationship with the gods are materialism, hedonism, narcissism and nationalism, as well as a coursing nostalgia for a world that never really existed. Our contemporary Odysseys are redirected to the Apple Store, the palliative pharmacy, or forays along the River Amazon Prime. Guided by Google, whereby all things are knowable, we wonder why we are so absent-spirited, so lost, and so adrift. We may say that these secular surrogates, these 'isms,' constitute our values, our de facto religions, those in which we most invest our energies. But we have to ask the obvious question, 'How well are they working for us?'" To which the reviewer concludes: "The short answer to that question, derived from Hollis' 40 years as a therapist, clearly is 'Not that well.'"
Other reviews
Robertson, Robin Ph.D. (16 August 2006). "A Review of: 'A Guide to the Books of James Hollis'". Psychological Perspectives: A Quarterly Journal of Jungian Thought. Taylor & Francis Online. 49 (1): 141–148. doi:10.1080/00332920600734683.
See also
Carl Jung
Depth psychology
References
External links
Writers from Springfield, Illinois
Manchester University (Indiana) alumni
Drew University alumni
Jungian psychologists
American psychoanalysts
American psychologists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Egon Gutmann (20 January 1894 – 22 May 1955) was a German sculptor. His work was part of the sculpture event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1894 births
1955 deaths
20th-century German sculptors
20th-century German male artists
German male sculptors
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Haut-Rhin
Banpo-dong is a dong, neighborhood of Seocho-gu, the greater Gangnam area in Seoul, South Korea. Banpo-dong is divided into five different dong which are Banpobon-dong, Banpo 1-dong, 2-dong, 3-dong and 4-dong.
The neighborhood is just north of Express Bus Terminal station and to the south of the Han River. Some of the apartment buildings were built in the late 1970s but the area is considered affluent due to its central location within Seoul, proximity to the Han River Park, shopping malls, and mass transit transportation options. This area is also specialized for education, since banpo-shopping-center contains numerous educational academies of the greater Gangnam area. Banpo is currently going on a constant re-modelling of the old apartments as well. Banpo is also famous for its French town which is called Seorae Village in the greater Gangnam area.
The area is home of Seorae Village, a small French enclave, with its large concentration of French residents and European-style restaurants, dessert cafés, as well as wineries and cafés stand along its main street.
The National Library of Korea is located in Banpo-dong. It was founded in 1945 in Sogong-dong, Jung-gu and was relocated to Banpo-dong in 1988.
Banpo Bridge is also located in the district.
Education
High Schools
Banpo High School
Sehwa High School
Sehwa Girls' High School
Sangmoon High School
Seoul High School
Yangjae High School
Middle Schools
Bangbae Middle School
Banpo Middle School
Sehwa Women's Middle School
Sinbanpo Middle School
Wonchon Middle School
Elementary Schools
Banpo Elementary School
Banwon Elementary School
Gyeseong Elementary School
Jamwon Elementary School
Seowon Elementary School
Wonchon Elementary School
International schools
French School of Seoul (Seorae Village)
Dulwich College Seoul
Transportation
Express Bus Terminal Station of , and
Banpo Station of
Nonhyeon Station of
Sinbanpo Station of
Gubanpo Station of
Sapyeong Station of
Sinnonhyeon Station of
Express bus terminal
Hospital
Catholic university Seoul-Sungmo hospital
Catholic university Seoul-Sungmo medication center
Yonsei kids dentist office
Hanul department of ophthalmology
H plastic surgery center
Police office
Seoul Seocho police office
Banpo public peace center
Park
Banpo Han river park
Banpo Jangmi Park
Shin Banpo Park
Montmartre Park
Apartment
Banpo XI
Banpo Raemian Firstige
Banpo Riche
Festival
Banpo firework festival
Banpo hanbul music festival
Seoul Bamdokkaebi Night Market
Library
National library of Korea
Seocho Gu Rip Banpo library
Bridge
Banpo bridge
Banpo bridge rainbow fountain
Nueu bride
See also
Administrative divisions of South Korea
References
External links
Seocho-gu official website
Seocho-gu map at the Seocho-gu official website
The Banpo 1-dong Resident office
Neighbourhoods of Seocho District
Seti or SETI may refer to:
Astronomy
SETI, the search for extraterrestrial intelligence.
SETI Institute, an astronomical research organization
SETIcon, a former convention organized by the SETI Institute
Berkeley SETI Research Center, an astronomical research organization
SETI@home, a distributed computing project
Active SETI, the attempt to send messages to intelligent aliens
Egyptology
Seti (commander), grandfather of Seti I
Seti (Viceroy of Kush)
Seti I (died 1279 BC), pharaoh
Seti II (died 1197 BC), pharaoh
Seti-Merenptah, a son of Seti II
Seti, son of Amun-her-khepeshef
Sethi, one of the sons of Ramesses II
Music
SETI (band), an ambient music band from New York City
SETI (The Kovenant album), an album by metal band The Kovenant
Places
Seti River, a tributary of the Karnali River in Nepal
Seti Gandaki River or Seti River, a tributary of the Trishuli River in Nepal
Seti Zone, one of the fourteen Zones of Nepal
See also
Sethi, a surname
Sette (disambiguation)
Sete (disambiguation)
Set (disambiguation)
O'Brien Bay () is a bay lying between Bailey Peninsula and Mitchell Peninsula on the Budd Coast. First mapped from air photos taken by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump and Operation Windmill in 1947 and 1948. Named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Lieutenant Clement E. O'Brien, United States Navy, communications officer with U.S. Navy Operation Windmill which established astronomical control stations in the Windmill Islands in 1948.
See also
Saunders Hill
References
Bays of Wilkes Land
Vera Sheehan is a camogie player, winner of a Lynchpin award, predecessor of the Star awards, in 2003.
Career
She won club championship medals with Granagh-Ballingarry in 1999, 2000 and 2003.
In 1997 she captained St Mary's Charleville to the secondary schools All Ireland championship. In 2003, she featured on the RTÉ programme Breaking Ball, along with her sisters Maureen, Deirdre and Aoife. When the Star awards scheme was officially recognised, she was short-listed in 2004, 2005, and 2007,
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Limerick camogie players
William Henry Drew was a 19th-century Christian missionary to India who rendered the Tirukkural into English. However, he translated only the first 630 couplets of the Tirukkural.
Work
William Henry Drew rendered the Tirukkural into English in prose form and first published it in 1840. Of the 133 chapters of the Kural text, Drew translated only the first 63 chapters. The first edition also included the original Tamil text, Parimelazhagar's commentary, Ramanuja Kavirayar's amplification of the commentary, in addition to Drew's English prose renderings. Drew's rendering closely followed the commentary of Parimelalakar and thus almost remained close to the original work of Valluvar. In 1852, John Lazarus revised Drew's work (Chapters 1 through 63) and published it after completing the remaining portion of the Kural text, beginning from Chapter 64 through Chapter 133. Thus, Drew and Lazarus together made the first complete prose translation of the Tirukkural available in English.
As Robert Caldwell remarked, "Drew was a Devout man, a zealous missionary, a man of culture and devoted student of Tamil . . . His edition of the Kural, a great Tamil Classic, though he did not live to complete the work, placed him in the first rank of European Tamil scholars . . . I derived much benefit from the stimulus to Tamil studies that I received from my daily intercourse with Mr. Drew."
See also
Tirukkural translations
Tirukkural translations into English
List of translators into English
Notes
References
Christian missionaries in India
Tamil scholars of non-Tamil background
Tamil–English translators
Translators of the Tirukkural into English
Tirukkural translators
Missionary linguists
Fuya Godwin Kimbita (born 7 November 1967) is a Tanzanian CCM politician and Member of Parliament for Hai constituency in the National Assembly of Tanzania since 2005.
References
Living people
Chama Cha Mapinduzi MPs
Tanzanian MPs 2010–2015
1967 births
The is a municipal junior college in Akita City, Japan, established in 1995.
Academic departments
Craft and arts
Industrial design
External links
Educational institutions established in 1995
Public universities in Japan
Universities and colleges in Akita Prefecture
Japanese junior colleges
1995 establishments in Japan
Buildings and structures in Akita (city)
Eseldrift is a town in Waterberg District Municipality in the Limpopo province of South Africa.
References
Populated places in the Mogalakwena Local Municipality
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 123 (P. Oxy. 123 or P. Oxy. I 123) is a letter from a notary to his son, written in Greek and discovered in Oxyrhynchus. The manuscript was written on papyrus in the form of a sheet. The document was written in the 3rd or 4th century. Currently it is housed in the Egyptian Museum (10014) in Cairo, Egypt.
Description
The document is a letter from Ischurion, a tabularius, to his son Dionysotheon, asking him to pressure Timotheus to attend an official function of some sort. The measurements of the fragment are 240 by 150 mm.
It was discovered by Grenfell and Hunt in 1897 in Oxyrhynchus. The text was published by Grenfell and Hunt in 1898.
See also
Oxyrhynchus Papyri
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 122
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 124
References
123
3rd-century manuscripts
4th-century manuscripts
Egyptian Museum
The Willink Baronetcy, of Dingle Bank in the City of Liverpool, is a title in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom. It was created on 20 July 1957 for the Conservative politician and public servant Henry Willink. He served as Minister of Health from 1943 to 1945. As of 2010 the title is held by his grandson, the third Baronet, who succeeded in 2009.
Willink baronets, of Dingle Bank (1957)
Sir Henry Urmston Willink, 1st Baronet (1894–1973)
Sir Charles William Willink, 2nd Baronet (1929–2009)
Sir Edward Daniel Willink, 3rd Baronet (born 1957)
Notes
References
Kidd, Charles, Williamson, David (editors). Debrett's Peerage and Baronetage (1990 edition). New York: St Martin's Press, 1990,
Willink
Fronimo may refer to:
Fronimo (software), a software program for engraving of tabulature
Fronimo Dialogo, a book by Vincenzo Galilei
Lü Simian (; February 27, 1884 – October 9, 1957) was a Chinese historian. He was a former professor and history department head at Kwang Hua University, a predecessor of the East China Normal University in Shanghai. Lü took the courtesy name Chéngzhī () and wrote under the pseudonym Núniú (). His students included famous historians Ch'ien Mu and Yang Kuan. Historian Yan Gengwang () considered Lü one of the four greatest modern Chinese historians, along with his student Ch'ien Mu, Chen Yuan, and Chen Yinke.
In 1926 Lü was invited to teach at Kwang Hua University by his friend and the school's headmaster Qián Jībó (). Lü remained at the school, which later became part of East China Normal University, until his death.
Lü was born in Wujin (now Wujin district of Changzhou city) in China's Jiangsu province. At the age of 15 he entered the county school. In the second year he began teaching himself history. He later became a member of the Doubting Antiquity School which was a group of scholars and writers who showed doubts regarding the authenticity of pre-Qin texts.
His former residence in Changzhou is a protected property open to the public, offering numerous artifacts from his life displayed in the restored building.
Notable publications
Song Dynasty Literature (1931)
An Introduction to Early Qin Science (1933)
A History of Chinese Ethnic Minorities (1934)
A History of Pre-Qin Era (1941)
A History of the Three Kingdoms (1943)
A History of Qin and Han Dynasties (1947)
A History of Jin, Northern and Southern dynasties (1948)
A History of Sui, Tang and Five Dynasties (1959)
A History of the Chinese Political System (1985)
References
常州年鉴2005
1884 births
1957 deaths
20th-century Chinese historians
East China Normal University faculty
Educators from Changzhou
Historians from Jiangsu
People's Republic of China historians
Republic of China historians
Writers from Changzhou
The Fiat Abarth 030, also known as Abarth SE 030, is a sports car racing prototype produced by Abarth in 1974, in collaboration with FIAT and Pininfarina.
Background
In order to replace the by now old model 124 Sport Coupés, in 1972 FIAT started the X1/20 project, whose presentation was scheduled for the Turin Motor Show in 1974, entrusting the study of the line to Pininfarina and construction of the chassis for the newly acquired Abarth.
However, the management of the Italian company was rather reluctant to list a car with a racing vocation; this is also in the light of the results obtained by the latest two sports models 128 Coupés and X1/9, characterized by high engineering and construction contents, but warmly welcomed by the market.
The story
The synergy between FIAT, Abarth, and Pininfarina gave good results and, at the end of 1973, the first prototypes were in a rather advanced stage of construction. Given the advance in the times, it was decided to set up a special competition model to make it participate, for promotional purposes, in the Giro d'Italia, a race that consisted of road and circuit tests, at the time very followed by the enthusiasts from all over Europe. Once the racing version was completed and it was time to register for the race, no decision had been made about the future of the X1/20 project.
Thus it was that the car was entered in the 1974 Giro d'Italia under the name of Abarth SE 030. Led by the crew Giorgio Pianta and Cristine Becker, it took a considerable second place overall, behind the Lancia Stratos Turbo driven by the Andruet-Biche couple.
Subsequently, presented in an official capacity at the Turin Motor Show in '74 as Fiat Abarth 030, the car was then produced in a street version and marketed starting in 1975, this time under the Lancia insignia (another brand of the Turin group ), and with the name of Beta. Montecarlo. The development of the 030 continued, evolving in 1980 into the Abarth SE 037 model, later transformed in the early 1980s into the multi-winning Lancia Rally 037.
The car
There were two bodies built (n. 300 and 301), but it does not appear that the second car was used in competitions. Both the appearance of the bodywork and the technical configuration "all behind" (engine in the rear position, as well as the traction) anticipated those of the future Lancia Beta Montecarlo, albeit with important differences.
The engine is derived from the six-cylinder 3.200 of the Fiat 130, which was suitably developed by Abarth by increasing the displacement, strengthening the camshafts, and varying the fuel system with the inclusion of three Weber 48 IDF double-barrel carburetors. The changes brought the power to well exceed 250 hp.
As already mentioned, the engine was mounted at the rear, but it was necessary to insert it in a longitudinal position in order to be able to use the gearbox - differential unit produced by ZF, of the same type already used to equip the De Tomaso Pantera.
The car driven by Giorgio Pianta was purchased in 1979 by American Abarth driver and importer Alfred Cosentino.
References
Rear mid-engine, rear-wheel-drive vehicles
Coupés
1970s cars
Cars introduced in 1974
Pininfarina
Abarth vehicles
Fiat vehicles
Cars of Italy
Sports prototypes
Muckross Head is a small peninsula in the parish of Kilcar about 10 km west of Killybegs, Co. Donegal, in north-western Ireland. It contains a popular rock-climbing area, noted for its unusual horizontally layered structure.
Overview
Muckross Head has two beaches, one of which is popular with surfers. That beach (trá na nglór in Irish, or "beach of the noise") has a rip tide, coming in at both sides and sucking out in the middle, but is not particularly dangerous. The other beach (trá bán, meaning "white beach" in Irish) some hundreds of metres away is a popular family beach which is safe for swimming but has a risk of rockfall. That beach also has a public car park and toilets in summer.
The area is referred to in a 1732 survey of the Murray-Hamilton estate, of which it was a small part (see public records office Belfast). The survey referred to a house "on the point" occupied by a Mr Murray (probably the principal tenant who would have had many peasant subtenants not referred to in the survey) but there are no traces today of the house.
The Head has a public monument on its extreme tip. The plaque warning against interference has rusted away, leaving an ugly concrete base. The monument consists of a neolithic wall which ran across the headland and was possibly defensive in character, but little of it is left as its stones were useful in building farmhouses and outhouses on the headland. The monument is known locally as The Market House. The origin of the name is not known for certain, but it was a location for selling local farm produce and livestock such as sheep, pigs and cattle. This is probably why was given this name.
The headland has a rich fauna and also a small area of exposed limestone karst. In some places along the headland there are deposits of fossils, mainly of seaweeds and shellfish.
The headland is at the base of a c. 250 m hill known locally as Muckross Hill.
The nearest village is Kilcar, which is approx 3 km to the west.
The island of Inisduff (Irish - Black Island) is situated about 5 km south east of Muckross Head, in Donegal Bay. It is a small uninhabited island and featureless but is a prominent sight from the coast road between Killybegs and Kilcar.
Climbing
The Muckross crag is small and remote from major population centres, but it is quite popular because of the unusual climbing encountered there. It is a sea-cliff, situated above a partly tidal rock platform, and access is quite convenient.
The rock consists of horizontally layered sandstone with intervening thin layers of mudstone which have been eroded away to produce horizontal breaks and overhangs. The climbs are all single-pitch, between 10 m and 20 m in height. The overhanging nature of much of the rock makes climbing there quite strenuous, and yields some spectacular roof-climbing.
The current guidebook, published in 2015, lists over 60 climbs at Muckross, ranging in grade up to E6/6b. Climbing of all grades is available, but the higher grades predominate. In accordance with Irish climbing ethics, only traditional protection ("clean climbing") is used, medium-to-big cams being very useful.
References
Iain Miller (editor), Rock Climbing in Donegal (Mountaineering Ireland, 2015)
External links
Muckross Head Guidebook
Climbing areas of Ireland
Peninsulas of County Donegal
Gaeltacht places in County Donegal
Camp de la Paix ("Peace Camp"), also called Abu Dhabi Base and known and referred to by the French military as Implantation militaire française aux Émirats arabes unis ("French Military Settlement in the UAE") or simply IMFEAU, is a French Naval Air Station based in Abu Dhabi, in the United Arab Emirates, since 2009.
History
Defence arrangements were signed between the UAE and France in January 1995, but it was not until 2007 that the UAE requested a French military presence within the country. This plan was formally announced in January 2008, and the base itself was inaugurated on 26 May 2009 by French President Nicolas Sarkozy.
Organisation
Abu Dhabi base comprises three military camps of the French Army that harbour around 250 personnel.
The base operates under ALINDIEN, the Admiral who heads the French forces in the Indian Ocean. Its operation costs, amounting to 15 to 50 million Euros, are funded by the UAE.
Naval base
The naval base is located in Port Zayed, at the end of the commerce harbour. It comprises a 300-metre long dock with a 200-metre wide area, and can host ships up to 10 metres of draught. This allows docking of all French Navy ships, save for the French aircraft carrier Charles de Gaulle. The base faces the Straits of Hormuz, a position of vital economic importance. Approximately 40% of the world's oil passes through the Hormusz Strait. The naval component of the base will have 72 staff members. It will accommodate boat stops in the region and will serve as "the preferred support ships of the Navy in the region".
Air base
The air component is named "Air base 104 Al Dhafra". Since 1 October 2008, three fighters have been based there. The base parcel granted to the French Air Force can harbour up to six aircraft. The land base has 3 Mirage 2000-5 jet fighters currently on station in addition to 57 members of the military on staff.
Land base
A training camp was opened for the French Army, 50 km from Abu Dhabi. It is equipped to train soldiers for urban and desert operations. The land portion of the base holds 93 soldiers within. The soldiers tasked with maintaining the land portion of the base "will have the task to ensure the missions of education and training for fighting in urban areas and in the desert". In 2011, the 13th Demi-Brigade of the Foreign Legion moved from Djibouti to the base and was in turn replaced there by the 5th Cuirassier Regiment in 2016.
See also
Al Dhafra Air Base
Paris-Sorbonne University Abu Dhabi
Notes
References
Ennahar Online - A French military base in Abu Dhabi
Military installations of France in other countries
Buildings and structures in Abu Dhabi
France–United Arab Emirates relations
Ali Akbar Rashad (born 1955) is an Iranian philosopher and Islamic scholar who pioneered the Ibtina Theory, a theory for explaining the process and mechanism of "religious knowledge" formation.
He is currently a professor at the Islamic Research Institute for Culture and Thought as well as a member of the Supreme Cultural Revolution Council (SCRC). He is also the founder and chair of Imam Reza Islamic seminary. The has presented articles and delivered speeches at conferences and scientific and philosophical conventions and conferences in different countries including Germany, the United States, the United Arab Emirates, England, Bosnia, Pakistan, Turkey, Russia, Sudan, Syria, Saudi Arabia, France, India, and Greece among others.
Education
Ali Akbar Rashad is a graduate of Tehran and Qom Islamic seminaries; he completed his introductory and first grade of Islamic seminary education, in Tehran between 1967 and 1970. Then, he went to Qom to further his education in 1970, and was admitted to Grand Ayatollah Golpayegani's Islamic Seminary school, which was considered the first scheduled educational center conducted on the new seminary methodology. He completed the second grade in this seminary school. He also took Ayatollah Shabzendehdar Shirazi's exegesis and Islamic doctrine lessons, and religions (Judaism, Christianity, Baháʼí Faith and the secretary of Wahhabism, ) lessons presented by Abd-ol-Gha'em Shooshtari during the very same period.
Academic activities
Rashad has been teaching higher levels of principles of jurisprudence, philosophy of religion, philosophy and mysticism in the "Islamic seminary of Tehran" as well as the philosophy of religion and discourse and logic of Understanding Religion at university of Tehran and university of Mashhad for the past thirty years.
In the past ten years, IICT has compiled, or has been compiling, four different encyclopedias under professor Rashad's supervision:
The Encyclopedia of Imam Ali (published in 13 volumes)
The Encyclopedia of Qur'an (six out of twenty five volumes completed)
The Encyclopedia of the Holy Prophet's Conduct (fifteen volumes; in press).
The Encyclopedia of Fatimah Culture (six volumes).
Translated works
References
20th-century Iranian philosophers
Islamic philosophers
Philosophers of religion
Iranian ayatollahs
21st-century Muslim scholars of Islam
20th-century Islamic religious leaders
21st-century Iranian philosophers
21st-century Islamic religious leaders
Research Institute for Islamic Culture and Thought faculty
Iran's Book of the Year Awards recipients
1955 births
Living people
Erigeron speciosus is a widespread North American species of flowering plants in the family Asteraceae known by the common names aspen fleabane, garden fleabane, and showy fleabane.
Description
E. speciosus is a perennial herb up which grows up to tall, producing underground rhizomes and a woody caudex. The inflorescence generally contains 2–20 flower heads per stem. Each head contains 75–150 white, lavender or blue ray florets surrounding many yellow disc florets. Flowers bloom from June to October.
The species is similar to E. subtrinervis, the stems and leaves of which are hairy.
Etymology
The specific epithet speciosus means 'pretty'.
Distribution and habitat
The species has been found in western Canada and the United States, from Alberta and British Columbia south as far as Arizona and New Mexico, with some isolated populations in the Mexican state of Baja California. It grows in open coniferous forests.
References
External links
Photo of herbarium specimen at Missouri Botanical Garden, collected in Colorado in 1899 — isotype of Erigeron salicinus, syn of E. speciosus
Turner Photographics, Wildflowers of the Pacific Northwest, Erigeron speciosus, (Showy Fleabane) — photos, description, partial distribution map
speciosus
Flora of the Northwestern United States
Flora of the Southwestern United States
Flora of Western Canada
Flora of Baja California
Flora of New Mexico
Flora of the Rocky Mountains
Plants described in 1833
Taxa named by Alice Eastwood
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Dumanlar, Antalya is a village in the District of Antalya, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Antalya District
(North Frisian: di Ströön) is a peninsula and former island in North Frisia on the North Sea coast of Germany. It is part of the Nordfriesland district in the federal state of Schleswig-Holstein. Its area is 50 km² and its population is 2,300. Nordstrand has two municipalities, Nordstrand and smaller Elisabeth-Sophien-Koog, which are part of the Amt Nordsee-Treene.
In medieval times Nordstrand was a part of the larger island of Strand, which was torn into pieces in a disastrous storm tide in 1634. More than 6,000 people drowned. Before 1634 the area of the island was about . Other remnants of Strand are Pellworm and some Halligen islets.
Nordstrand is accessible by road over a causeway, which connects to the mainland and was built in 1936. In 1987 the polder Beltringharder Koog was completed, turning the former island into a peninsula.
Local alcoholic beverage
Nordstrand is the origin of a locally famous alcoholic beverage, the Pharisäer (Pharisee), which the islanders developed in 1872 to be able to drink alcohol in the presence of local pastor Georg Bleyer, who preached abstinence. It is made from hot strong coffee, sugar, dark rum (4 cl of 54% vol.) and whipped cream (to prevent the alcohol from evaporating, so that it could not be smelled). The pastor got the only cup without rum, but one day the cups got mixed up. When he discovered the deceit he exclaimed "Ihr Pharisäer!" ("You Pharisees!", connoting: "hypocrites"). Hence the name.
North American emigrants who used it as a surname
The original Nordstrand island (before the flood of 1634) is thought to be the ancestral homeland of the North American surname ‘van Nostrand' (including variants: vanNostrand, vanNordstrandt, vanOstrand). Two brothers emigrated from here to what is now New York, USA, in 1637 and 1638 after the flood.
One of the three granite panels of the Canadian van Nostrand monument, in York Mill's Cemetery, Toronto (St John's, York Mills, Anglican Church, 19 Don Ridge Dr., North York, Toronto, Ontario), points to Nordstrand Island.
Pieter Karstense van Nortstrant was born about 1605 on the island of Norstrand. Coupled with the name of his father, Carsten or Kersten, and the fact that his children were baptized in the Lutheran Church in Amsterdam, it would seem that a German, Frisian or Danish origin is probable. It is uncertain when Pieter Karstense came to Amsterdam, possibly as a child with his father, though no record of the latter has been found there. The sons of Pieter Pietersen Ostrander (son of Pieter Karstense van Nortstrant) were called Van Norstrande or Van Nostrande, whilst Van Ostrande was used in other baptisms and eventually became the surname Oostrander and then the spelling as it is today, Ostrander.
Characters from Nordstrand
Ludwig Ingwer Nommensen, was a German Lutheran missionary to North Sumatra who also translated the New Testament into the native Batak language.
Peter Harry Carstensen, prime minister of the state of Schleswig-Holstein from 2005 until 2012.
See also
Jan Adriaanszoon Leeghwater, Dutch hydraulic engineer
References
External links
Integrated Landscape and Cultural Heritage Management and Development Plan for the Wadden Sea Region
Polders
Peninsulas of Schleswig-Holstein
Former islands of Germany
North Frisian Islands
Nordfriesland
Cape Laird () is a rocky cape northwest of Cape May, along the west side of the Ross Ice Shelf, Antarctica. It was named by the New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition (NZGSAE) (1960–61) for Malcolm G. Laird, a NZGSAE geologist who took a special interest in the peneplain surface above the cape's granite cliffs.
References
Headlands of the Ross Dependency
Shackleton Coast
William (Bill) Laing (born 1944) is a Scottish/Canadian artist based in Calgary, Alberta. He is known for his printmaking and sculpture.
Early life and education
Laing was born in Glasgow, Scotland and immigrated to Canada in 1960. He studied at the Vancouver School of Art from 1967 - 1971 graduating with an honours diploma in Photography and Printmaking. He studied printmaking at the Brighton Polytechnic in England, and received his master's degree from the Royal College of Art in London, England in 1974. He then took teacher training at the Southern Alberta Institute of Technology in Calgary, Alberta. During his education he taught art classes part-time at several institutions.
Career
Laing participated in his first art exhibition in 1970, British Columbia's Young Contemporary Exhibition, and was presented with the Canada Packers Award for Printmaking. His work was included in three graphics and print shows in 1971, including one in New York. During the next three years, before graduating from college, he participated in more than thirty group exhibitions in England, Canada, the United States, Sweden, Poland and Switzerland. His first solo exhibition was at the Vancouver Community Arts Council Gallery, and in 1973 he exhibited at the Die Treppe Gallery in Lahr, West Germany.
Laing taught printmaking, photography and design at the Alberta College of Art and Design from 1974 until 1977, when he was hired to teach at the University of Calgary. He taught there for 39 years, becoming a professor in 1989 and retiring at the end of 2015. During that time he was a visiting artist and lecturer at a number of colleges and art institutions throughout Canada, acted as a juror at art shows and a panelist at several conferences. He was awarded the University of Calgary Student Union Teaching Excellence Award in 2006, 2011, 2012 and 2013 and was also the University of Calgary Student Union Teaching Excellence "Hall of Fame Award" in 2013.
Laing has exhibited in over 500 group shows and 50 solo shows across Canada and around the world. In 1997 a retrospective of his work, William Laing, a Journey, was exhibited in Kelowna, BC.
As of 2016, his most recent group exhibitions have been the 8th Douro Biennial in Alijo, Portugal and the Kyoto Hanga in Japan. Since 2010 he has mounted five solo exhibitions in the Edge Gallery, Canmore and the Herringer Kiss Gallery in Calgary, Alberta.
Throughout his career Laing has been the recipient of much travel, project and research grants, including several from the Canada Council for the Arts and the Alberta Foundation for the Arts. His artwork is included in the collections of more than one hundred public and private institutions, including the National Gallery of Canada, the University of Alberta, the Museum of Art in Strasbourg, France, the Saidye Bronfman Centre in Montreal, the National Gallery of Australia, the J. Paul Getty Museum, the Los Angeles County Museum, the Kyoto Museum of Art in Japan, the Guangdong Museum of Art in Shanghai, China and the Ashmolean Museum in Oxford, England.
Laing has been commissioned to create steel sculptures in Vancouver, British Columbia, for the Wilkinson Steel Company of Canada, the Pacific National Exhibition, and Wallace Neon. He has also been commissioned to design prints for Steel Case Canada, a wine label for J. Webb Wine Store, a one dollar stamp for Canada Post illustrating Canada's National Parks, a mural for the Arts 17 Society in Calgary, Alberta, and a C.D. cover for the "Verismo" Jazz Group.
Associations
Laing was an executive member of the British Printmakers Council and the Print and Drawing Council of Canada. He was an associate of the Royal College of Art in London, England. He was a past chairman of the Calgary Review Committee of Alberta Art Foundation and a director of the Alberta Printmakers Society. He was appointed to the Royal Canadian Academy of Arts and was elected an honorary fellow of the Royal Society of Painters and Printmakers and a member of the Order of The University of Calgary.
Publications
Bill Laing' by Bradford Collins, Vie Des Arts, September 1974 (Montreal, Quebec)
Current Energies' by Geoffrey James, Arts Canada, June 1975 (Ottawa, Ontario)
Recent Drawings, Bill Laing and Dennis Evans at Glenbow' by Andrew Oko, Catalogue April 1977 (Calgary, Alberta)
Bill Laing at the Mendal' by George Moppett, Catalogue, Mendal Art Gallery, March 1977 (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)
About Line and Face: Recent Work by Bill Laing' by Elizabeth Kidd, Catalogue Essay Museum of the Canadian Rockies
Tables Turned' Catalogue Essay by Franklyn Heisler, Guest Curator, White Museum of Canadian Rockies, Banff, Alberta
Victoria's Sense of Place', Arts B.C., Spring 87, Vol. II, Number 2
Alberta Printmakers ' Society Exhibition', Muttart Gallery Newsletter, 1990 Volume III, Issue10.
Still Lives", by Richard Whyte, Muttart Gallery Magazine, 1992, Volume 4, Issue 7, 1992.
La Sugerentey Doble Mirada', de Bill Laing by. Derek Besant, Lo Epoco 26 January 1995, Santiago, Chile.
Grabado a Dos Tiempos', en el Instituto Cultural de Providencia, 18 January 1995, Santiago, Chile.
Artistas Canadienses Exponen En Providencia, Santiago, Chile, 22 January 19 95.
"Wandering" by Paul Woodrow, Catalogue Essay, "William Laing: A Journey", 1996.
"The Journey" by Tim Mara, Catalogue Essay. "William Laing: A Journey" 1996.
"Millennium Portfolio" by Ann Severenson for F.F.W.D. Calgary, Alberta, September 23, 1999
"34 at 54" by Mark Walton for F.F.W.D. Calgary, Alberta September 2, 1999
Catalogue Essay for Exhibition "Out of Print: the New Wave of Printmaking in Alberta" by Deborah Herringer, Triangle Art Gallery of Visual Arts, Calgary, Alberta
Catalogue Essay for exhibition "Troi Sieme Biennale de la Gravure d'lle de France" by Frank Borota presented by Orangerie due Domaine de Madame Elizabeth, Versailles, France June 1, 2001
Catalogue essay for exhibition "Extension Maxi Graphica" by Hideki Kimura, presented by Kyoto Municipal Museum, November 22, 2001, Japan
References
Current Energies' by Geoffrey James, Arts Canada, June 1975 (Ottawa, Ontario)
Intriguing World of Fleeting Moments' by Art Perry, Vancouver Province, November 1975(Vancouver, B.C.)
Bill Laing at Equinox Gallery' by Steve Cummings, Arts Canada, October 1975 (Ottawa, Ontario)
Bill Laing Drawings and Prints' by Carlos Mendez, Pacific Time, November 1975(Vancouver, B.C.)
Imagination and Creativity' by Bente Roe Cochran, Edmonton Journal, April 1979
Alberta Artists at Artcore' by Andrew Scott, Vanguard Magazine, August 1979
Technique With Taste' by Wayne Edmon Stone, Vancouver Province
Print Portfolio Nationally Known' by Leonard Marcoe, Winnipeg Free Press, June 1980
Pair Rarifies Gallery Air' by Leonard Marcoe, Winnipeg Free Press, September 1980
Artist Cross Generation Gap' by Art Perry, Vancouver Province, April 1980
Olsen and Laing, the Portrait Conceptualized' by Derek Besan, Arts Magazine
Laing's Landscape are Unusual' by Pilar Moreno, The Leader Post, March 1982 (Regina, Saskatchewan)
Present Tense' by Jean Richards, Edmonton Journal, October 1983
Recent Drawings and Prints by Bill Laing' by Bente Roe Cochran, Edmonton Journal 1983
Bill Laing New Work' by Nancy Tousley, Calgary Herald, March 1985
'Bill Laing at Paul Kuhn Fine Arts' by Mary Beth Laviolette. Vanguard Magazine September1985
'New Work' by Ann Souk, Western Living Magazine
'Victoria's Sense of Place', Arts B.C., Spring 87, Vol. II, Number 2
Inter Action: Canadian Printmaking in Australia', Visual Arts Newsletter, Issue 43
'Gallery Applies Art to Home Furnishings' by Nancy Tousley, Calgary Herald, May 1987
'Experimental Art at New Gallery', Calgary Herald, January 1989
'Domestic Life Inspires Laing's Art' by Nancy Tousley, Calgary Herald, June 1990
'New Constructions in Alberta Art' by Patricia Lee, Glenbow Magazine, Spring Issue 1990
'New Work by Gallery Artists' by Nancy Tousley, Calgary Herald, June 1990
'The Fine Art of Living Together', by Beth Duthi, Glenbow Magazine, Summer Issue, 1992, Volume 12, Number 2.
Time/Memory, by Cathy Lipset, The Cairn Magazine, Whyte Museum of Canadian Rockies, Summer Issue, 1992, Volume XVI, No. 3.
"Still Lives Near & Far", Staff Writer, North Shore News, West Vancouver, BC, April 16, 1992.
'Art', by Nancy Tousley, Calgary Herald, March 19, 1994
La Sugerentey Doble Mirada', de Bill Laing by. Derek Besant, Lo Epoco 26 January 1995, Santiago, Chile.
Grabado a Dos Tiempos', en el Instituto Cultural de Providencia, 18 January 1995, Santiago, Chile.
Artistas Canadienses Exponen En Providencia, Santiago, Chile, 22 January 1995.
"Transformed by Light" for Society of Northern Alberta Print Artists Newsletter
"Millennium Portfolio" by Ann Severenson for F.F.W.D. Calgary, Alberta, September 23, 1999
"34 at 54" by Mark Walton for F.F.W.D. Calgary, Alberta September 2, 1999
External links
Herringer Kiss Gallery
Snap Artists
University of Calgary
Collections
Canadian Art
1944 births
Living people
Artists from Glasgow
Scottish emigrants to Canada
21st-century Canadian sculptors
Canadian male sculptors
21st-century Canadian male artists
Canadian printmakers
Artists from Calgary
Yenikənd (known as Qırmızı Oktyabr until 2001) is a village in the Ismayilli Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Kəlbənd.
References
Populated places in Ismayilli District
Luca Stefani (born 22 February 1987) is an Italian long track speed skater who participates in international competitions.
Personal records
Career highlights
European Allround Championships
2008 - Kolomna, 16th
World Junior Allround Championships
2004 - Roseville, Minnesota, 39th
2005 - Seinäjoki, 30th
2006 - Erfurt, 12th
National Championships
2007 - Baselga di Pinè, 3rd at allround
2008 - Baselga di Pinè, 3rd at allround
European Junior Games
2006 - Collalbo, 3rd at 3000 m
References
External links
Stefani at Jakub Majerski's Speedskating Database
Stefani at SkateResults.com
1987 births
Living people
Italian male speed skaters
Speed skaters at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Olympic speed skaters of Italy
Speed skaters of Fiamme Oro
Speed skaters at the 2007 Winter Universiade
Universiade medalists in speed skating
Universiade gold medalists for Italy
Medalists at the 2007 Winter Universiade
20th-century Italian people
21st-century Italian people
Antonio Maurice Gibson (born July 5, 1962) is a former American football safety who played for the New Orleans Saints and the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League. He also was a member of the Philadelphia Stars of the United States Football League. He played college football at the University of Cincinnati.
Early years
Gibson attended Murrah High School, where he practiced football and track. He enrolled at Hinds Junior College in Jackson, Mississippi.
After his sophomore season, he transferred to the University of Cincinnati. He led the team in tackles during the 1981 and 1982 seasons. He was named a team captain as a senior. He finished his career with 270 tackles and 7 interceptions. He also was a two-time AP Honorable-Mention All-American, All-Metro conference selection, and UC Bearcat Outstanding Defensive Player of the Year.
Professional career
Philadelphia Stars (USFL)
Gibson was selected by the Philadelphia Stars in the fourth round (41st overall) of the 1983 USFL Draft. He played 3 years until the league folded after the 1985 season and participated in all three USFL Championship games, winning one championship with the Philadelphia Stars and one with the Baltimore Stars.
New Orleans Saints (first stint)
1986 season
During the 1986 season, he signed as a free agent with the New Orleans Saints. He was named the starting strong safety in the fourth week of the season. He posted 75 tackles, 2 interceptions, and was named to Football Digest's All-Rookie team.
1987 season
During the 1987 season, he posted 44 tackles and one interception in 10 starts. He suffered a broken arm in the tenth game against the New York Giants, and was placed on the injured reserve list.
1988 season
During the 1988 season, he registered 31 tackles, as well as a blocked field goal, during the 10 games that he played after dealing with a foot injury.
1989 season
During the 1989 season, he mostly served as a backup to Gene Atkins. He started 3 games during this season. He was a part of a defense that set eight franchise records, including the fewest yards allowed and most fumbles recovered in a single-season.
Dallas Cowboys
In 1990, the Dallas Cowboys signed Gibson as a Plan B free agent. He was released before the start of the season on August 16.
Birmingham Fire (WLAF)
Gibson played for the Birmingham Fire of the World League of American Football during the 1992 WLAF season.
New Orleans Saints (second stint)
On July 27, 1992, he signed with the New Orleans Saints as a free agent. He was released before the start of the season. On November 19, he was re-signed to replace the injured Brett Maxie. He served as a backup at safety and appeared in 6 games. At the end of the season, the Saints didn't re-sign him to a contract, which made him a free agent.
References
1962 births
Living people
Players of American football from Jackson, Mississippi
American football safeties
Hind Eagles football players
Cincinnati Bearcats football players
New Orleans Saints players
Birmingham Fire players
National Football League replacement players
Mujia Township (; ) is a township in Lancang Lahu Autonomous County, Yunnan, China. As of the 2017 census it had a population of 16,113 and an area of .
Etymology
"Mujia" is a Tai Nuea language name, which means "place like a spoon", written in Tai Le script as ᥛᥫᥒᥰ ᥐᥣᥐᥱ. The original pronunciation is "Mengga", but now evolved to "Mujia". Another said, "Mujia" is a Wa language name, which means "place with many of wild ginger", and written in Wa language as "ndaex glag".
Administrative division
As of 2016, the township is divided into six villages:
Bangli ()
Mengnuo ()
Haboma ()
Laba ()
Nanliu ()
Fujiao ()
Geography
The township is situated at northwestern Lancang Lahu Autonomous County. The township shares a border with Xuelin Wa Ethnic Township to the west, Shangyun Town and Fubang Township to the east, Ankang Wa Ethnic Township to the north, and Zhutang Township to the south.
There are four major streams in the township, namely the Nanjia Stream (), Napi Stream (), Nanla Stream (), and Waluoma Stream (). They are tributaries of the Black River ().
The highest point in the township is Hanima Mountain (), which, at above sea level.
Economy
The economy of the township is largest based on agriculture, including farming and pig-breeding. The main crops of the region are grain, followed by corn and wheat. Commercial crops include tea and beans.
Demographics
As of 2017, the National Bureau of Statistics of China estimates the township's population now to be 16,113.
Transportation
The National Highway G214 passes across the township.
References
Citations
General bibliography
Divisions of Lancang Lahu Autonomous County
Townships of Pu'er City
Government P.C. College () is a renowned college in Bangladesh which is located at Harinkhana, Bagerhat, Khulna Division Bangladesh. It is a National University oriented cum Intermediate affiliated college. Its founder is eminent scientist and philosopher Acharya Prafulla Chandra Ray. This college was established in 1918 and nationalized in 1979.
History
Under the leadership of Acharya Prafulla Chandra Ray, local landlord, local mass and educationists established the foundation of Bagerhat College in 1916-1918 AD. Later the college got the authenticity from University of Calcutta and renamed as Prafulla Chandra College on 9 August 1918.
At the request of Prafulla Chandra Ray, Rishi Kamakhyacaran Nag accepted the Principality of this college. He carried the responsibility for nearly 22 years. Rishi Kamakhyacaran Nag was a maestro of several subjects like English, Bengali, Sanskrit, Physics, History, Math etc. Along with the governing bodies of this college, he went on door to door for collecting money for this college.
In 1924, pupils could avail in the honour's courses like English, Mathematics, History and Sanskrit. Other subjects like Bengali, Economics and Arabic also opened honour's courses. In 1947, after the partition, the college's rhythm got the snail's pace badly but in 1960,the college again opened degree courses for science and business faculty. At that period, the total number of students of this college was about 3,000 and the hostel had the accommodation of 500 students.
The college was nationalized on 7 May 1979. In 1996, the college opened honours for 14 subjects and masters for 6 subjects.
Academic departments
The university has 16 departments under 4 faculties. The faculties are:
Faculty of Science
Physics
Chemistry
Zoology
Botany
Mathematics
I.C.T
Faculty of Arts
Bengali
English
Philosophy
History
Sanskrit
Islamic History & Culture
sociology
Faculty of Business Studies
Accounting
Management
Faculty of Social Science
Economics
Political Science
Ownership
The college has of land. Recently it has 8,000 students and 90 teachers.
See also
Bagerhat Government High School
Bagerhat District
Bagerhat Sadar Upazila
Bagerhat Stadium
References
External links
www.jessoreboard.gov.bd
www.educationboardresults.gov.bd
www.nu.edu.bd
nu edu bd result
www.moedu.gov.bd
www.dshe.gov.bd
Colleges in Bagerhat District
Universities and colleges in Bagerhat District
1918 establishments in India
Educational institutions established in 1918
is a 1990 run-and-gun shooter video game developed and published for arcades by Konami. It is based on the 1986 film of the same title.
Gameplay
Aliens is primarily a side-scrolling shooter in which the player must defend against various Aliens, with certain parts of the game switching to a third-person rail shooter perspective. Players can play as either Ellen Ripley or Corporal Hicks, who both begin the game with a smart gun and can upgrade to other weapons such as flamethrowers and missile or grenade launchers. The player is given several health points, one of which is lost if the player is attacked by an Alien. The player loses a life if all the health points are lost, and the game ends if all the player's lives are depleted. Boss enemies are encountered at the end of each level, with the final boss being the Alien Queen, which the player fights with a power exoskeleton loader. A two-player mode is also available. The enemies range from standard ones seen in the films to specialized ones created exclusively for this game. When fighting the Alien Queen, two victorious outcomes are possible. In the first, the player simply opens the airlock, as in the 1986 film. If the player chooses, they can fight the Queen further, wearing her down until she bursts apart.
Release
The arcade game made its worldwide debut at the Amusement Trades Exhibition International (ATEI) in London, United Kingdom. In Japan, it was exhibited at AOU in February 1990, and then received a wide release in March 1990. It made its North American debut at Chicago's American Coin Machine Exposition (ACME) the same month.
Reception
In North America, Alien was declared the best new conversion kit at the ACME show by RePlay magazine and several distributors. It went on to win a Silver award from the American Amusement Machine Association (AAMA) for sales achievement in 1990, making it Konami's second best-selling arcade game that year after Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. In Japan, Game Machine listed Aliens on their April 15, 1990 issue as being the second most-successful table arcade unit of the month.
Upon release in arcades, Aliens was met with mostly positive reception from reviewers. Upon release, Julian Rignall of Computer and Video Games gave Aliens an overall score of 91%, noting its "simply brilliant" graphics and describing it as "one of the goriest coin-ops since Splatterhouse." Robin Hogg of Zzap!64 gave it a positive outlook. Both Martin Gaksch and Heinrich Lenhardt of German magazine Power Play also gave Aliens a positive outlook. Crashs Mark Caswell praised the visuals. CU Amiga gave Aliens a 44% rating and criticized its "uniformly bland and drab" graphics, its "irritatingly unresponsive" controls, and its "dull" action. Brett Alan Weiss of AllGame gave Aliens three and a half stars, calling it an "enjoyably fast-paced" and "graphically creepy, smoothly animated game".
More than a decade and a half later, Retro Gamer editor-in-chief Darran Jones praised it as a "superb" game. In a more reserved opinion, Stephen Kleckner of VentureBeat included Aliens in his list of "must-play" Alien franchise games, but wrote it "is competent and entertaining for a quarter sucker, but it lacks the creative push in gameplay found in other entries on this list." Den of Geeks Ryan Lambie described it as "one of the best Alien games ever."
See also
Alien vs. Predator (arcade game)
Alien Breed
Notes
References
External links
Aliens at GameFAQs
Aliens at Giant Bomb
Aliens at Killer List of Videogames
Aliens at MobyGames
1990 video games
1990s horror video games
Alien (franchise) games
Arcade video games
Arcade-only video games
Konami arcade games
Konami games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Run and gun games
Side-scrolling video games
Video games based on films
Video games based on works by James Cameron
Video games featuring female protagonists
Video games developed in Japan
fr:Aliens (jeu vidéo, 1990)
it:Aliens (videogioco 1990)
The green-tailed jacamar (Galbula galbula) is a species of bird in the family Galbulidae. It is native to Brazil, Colombia, French Guiana, Guyana, Suriname, and Venezuela.
Taxonomy and systematics
The green-tailed jacamar is monotypic. It and the rufous-tailed (Galbula ruficauda), white-chinned (G. tombacea), bluish-fronted (G. cyanescens), and coppery-chested jacamars (G. pastazae) are considered to form a superspecies.
Description
The green-tailed jacamar is long ands weighs . The male's head, upperparts, and a band across the chest are metallic coppery green, somewhat bluer on the face. The tail is bluish green. The throat is white and the belly and vent area reddish chestnut. The female is similar but the throat is buff and the underparts are duller and paler.
Distribution and habitat
The green-tailed jacamar is found from eastern Colombia's Vichada and Meta Departments east through southern and eastern Venezuela south of the Orinoco River to the Guianas and south in Brazil to the lower Madeira and Tapajós Rivers. It inhabits the borders, but not the interior, of several humid forest types including terra firme, várzea, gallery, and mangrove. It prefers open woodland, savanna, and shrublands, especially along watercourses. In elevation it ranges from sea level to .
Behavior
Feeding
The green-tailed jacamar's diet is a large variety of insects though Hymenoptera predominate. It perches on exposed branches, often in pairs, and sallies from there to catch its flying prey.
Breeding
The green-tailed jacamar excavates burrows in earth banks or arboreal termite nests. It has been documented breeding February to March in Venezuela, in May, June, and August in Suriname, and in April and September in Brazil.
Vocalization
The green-tailed jacamar's song is an "accelerating 'peeo peeo peea pee-pee-pee-pee-pe-pe-pe-e-e-e-e'e'e'e' that ends in a trill . Its call is a repeated "peep" or "peer", sometimes in a series .
Status
The IUCN has assessed the green-tailed jacamar as being of The Least Concern. It appears to be common in most of its range and occurs in several protected areas.
References
External links
Green-tailed jacamar videos on the Internet Bird Collection
Stamps (for Suriname) with RangeMap
Green-tailed jacamar photo gallery VIREO Photo-High Res
Photo-High Res; Article pdubois
green-tailed jacamar
Birds of the Venezuelan Amazon
Birds of the Guianas
green-tailed jacamar
green-tailed jacamar
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Léandre Grandmoulin (12 November 1873 – 10 March 1957) was a Belgian sculptor. His work was part of the sculpture event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1873 births
1957 deaths
20th-century Belgian sculptors
20th-century male artists
Belgian sculptors
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from La Hulpe
Ajil (est. pop. (2000 census): 1,842) is a small town in the Penghulu Diman commune in Hulu Terengganu District of Terengganu, Malaysia.
Location
The town is located 35 km south of Kuala Terengganu, the state capital, near the intersection of Federal Route 14 (Terengganu's main interior highway) and Federal Route 106 (the main highway to Kuala Berang). Ajil is also home to a migrant detention centre where illegal immigrants are detained.
References
Hulu Terengganu District
Towns in Terengganu
George Power may refer to:
Sir George Power, 7th Baronet (1846–1928), operatic tenor
George Power (cricketer) (1849–1904), English cricketer
George Power (priest) (died 1950), Dean of Ardfert, 1918–1924
The Lion-Peugeot Type VD2 was a motor car produced near Valentigney by the French auto-maker Lion-Peugeot in 1915. It was usefully longer than the manufacturer's 1914 model, the Type V4D Approximately 480 Lion-Peugeot Type VD2s were produced. It was the last Lion-Peugeot produced before wartime economic conditions enforced the closure of Lion-Peugeot automobile production. Subsequent small Peugeots would be badged simply as Peugeots and produced in plants that had developed during the period, before 1910, when "Automobiles Peugeot" was a separate business.
The Types VD2 was propelled using a four-cylinder 1,888 cm³ four-stroke engine, mounted ahead of the driver. A maximum 10 hp of power was delivered to the rear wheels.
The cars also became known as Lion-Peugeot 10 hp models. This was a reference to their fiscal horse power, applying a system of car classification for taxation purposes recently established in France. Tax horsepower then, and for several decades to come, was defined purely as a function of the combined surface area of the engine's cylinders, this being far easier to assess consistently and accurately than the actual power produced by an engine. In 1915 fiscal horse-power still tended to equate approximately to actual horse-power, although the two would diverge subsequently, as engines became more efficient at extracting power from a given sum of cylinder diameters. Eventually, in the second half of the twentieth century, more complex (and less internationally consistent) definitions of fiscal horse power would replace those defined only by cylinder diameters.
The Type VD2 featured a 2,750 mm wheelbase. The 4,000 mm (approximately) overall length provided space for four or five people depending on the body specified. The range of available bodies included a Torpedo, a “Landaulet”, a Limousine, and a “central steering” model.
Lion-Peugeot and Peugeot: the difference
“Lion-Peugeot” is the name under which in 1906 Robert Peugeot and his two brothers, independently of their cousin Armand's "Automobiles Peugeot" company, established a car manufacturing business at Beaulieu near Vallentigny. Ten years earlier the automobile pioneer Armand Peugeot had split away from the family business after a long-standing disagreement over how intensively the company should diversify into larger scale automobile production. An agreement had at that time been entered into between Armand's “Automobiles Peugeot” company and the residual Peugeot business that the residual business should concentrate on its established metal tools and components businesses along with its successful bicycle manufacturing activities, while Armand would have Peugeot branded powered vehicles to himself. During the ensuing ten years Armand's automobile business had grown rapidly, although it appears that the residual Peugeot business had probably not entirely avoided producing powered vehicles. In any event, under a new agreement signed in 1905, the residual Peugeot business made Armand an annual payment in return for which Armand consented to the residual business itself producing motor cars under the “Lion-Peugeot” name. The arrangement continued until 1910 after which (the death of Robert Peugeot's father Eugène having apparently removed a major impediment to the idea) the Lion-Peugeot business and the Peugeot automobiles business were merged into a single company. Nevertheless, some smaller models continued to be branded as “Lion-Peugeots” until 1916.
References
Further reading
Harald H. Linz, Halwart Schrader: Die große Automobil-Enzyklopädie, BLV, München 1986,
Wolfgang Schmarbeck: Alle Peugeot Automobile 1890–1990, Motorbuch-Verlag. Stuttgart 1990.
Type VD2
Cars introduced in 1915
it:Peugeot Lion V4C3-Lion 10HP
The 1990 Ibero-American Championships in Athletics (Spanish: IV Campeonato Iberoamericano de Atletismo) was the fourth edition of the international athletics competition between Ibero-American nations which was held at the Vila Olímpica in Manaus, Brazil from 14–16 September. Forty event finals were held and six championships records were set in Manaus.
The competition was beset with organisational problems and schedule clashes. Cuba, which had previously sent large delegations, was absent. Temperatures were extremely high (40° Celsius) during the three-day competition and consequently the plans for the marathon races, scheduled for the final day, were abandoned. The 1990 Central American and Caribbean Games was held in Mexico two months later and preparation for this larger meet meant other athletes chose not to compete at the Ibero-American Championships. As a result, many of the events were principally contested between the top Brazilian and Spanish athletes, who won 31 of the 40 gold medals available between them. Brazil won the most event, with 17 golds and 37 in total, while Spain had the most medals overall with 43 (14 of them gold). Portugal were a distant third with two gold medals and twelve medals altogether.
Robson da Silva retained his 100 and 200 metres titles and won a third gold for Brazil in the relay. Antonio Peñalver (an Olympic medallist two years later) won the first decathlon to be held at the championships, while Orlane dos Santos won the inaugural women's heptathlon competition.
Medal summary
Men
Women
Medal table
Participation
Of the twenty-two members of the Asociación Iberoamericana de Atletismo, fourteen were present at the fourth edition – a record low for the championships. A total 205 athletes competed. 214 participating athletes (including a couple of guest athletes) were counted by analysing the official result list.
(20)
(1)
(66)
(9)
(8)
(7)
(8)
(1)
(3)
(8)
(20)
(56)
(5)
(2)
References
Results
El Atletismo Ibero-Americano - San Fernando 2010. RFEA. Retrieved on 2011-11-17.
Ibero-American Championships in Athletics
Ibero-American
Ibero-American
International sports competitions in Manaus
International athletics competitions hosted by Brazil
September 1990 sports events in South America
Marigny German war cemetery is a German World War II cemetery in Normandy, France. It is located west of Saint-Lô. The cemetery contains in excess of 11,000 German military personnel and is maintained and managed by the German War Graves Commission (Volksbund Deutsche Kriegsgräberfürsorge).
History
Marigny was originally the site of a battlefield cemetery, established by the United States Army Graves Registration Service during the war, where American and German soldiers, sailors and airmen were buried in two adjacent fields.
In 1945 and 1946 the American war dead were relocated in 3,070 graves to the cemetery in St. Laurent-sur-Mer. In 1957 the Reburial Service of the German War Graves Commission interred German soldiers from numerous small graveyards and field graves at Marigny. The graveyard was created as five long blocks of graves with a banked outer boundary. Ceramics plaques bear the name, rank, and dates of birth and death of two soldiers. The cemetery contains a total of 11,169 graves.
In 1958 the buildings and gardens were created by the German War Graves Commission. The main entrance to the graveyard was built in the style of a Norman village church. The cemetery is now surrounded by a stone wall. The cemetery was inaugurated on September 20, 1961.
Personal fates
The majority of the fallen in the graveyard date from the American advance during Operation Cobra in the summer of 1944.
Volunteer maintenance
Unlike the American and Commonwealth War Graves Commissions, the German Commission is entirely voluntary and relies on gifts and collections to further its work. During the summer months school children visit the area to tend the graves. They volunteer to work with the Volksbund during their school holidays and visit American and German war cemeteries, memorials, sites of the invasion and take part in the memorial ceremony with veterans.
See also
List of military cemeteries in Normandy
References
External links
German War Graves Commission
Operation Overlord cemeteries
World War II memorials in France
1944 establishments in France
1961 establishments in France
Snijders is a Dutch occupational surname. Snijder literally means "cutter", referring to a taylor or a woodcarver. People with this surname include:
Ad Snijders (1929–2010), Dutch painter, collagist and a social activist
Arsenio Snijders (born 1990), Dutch footballer
(1923–1990), Surinamese composer, conductor and musician
Frans Snijders (1579–1657), Flemish painter of animals and still life
Genaro Snijders (born 1989), Dutch footballer
(born 1953), Surinamese composer, conductor, and trombonist, nephew of Eddy
Ivo Snijders (born 1980), Dutch rower
Jan Snijders (born 1943), Dutch judoka, twin brother of Peter
(born 1987), Dutch footballer
Lee Snijders, American designer, television host of "Design on a Dime"
Mark Snijders (born 1972), Dutch footballer
Peter Snijders (born 1943), Dutch judoka, twin brother of Jan
Ronald Snijders (born 1949), Dutch-Surinamese jazz flutist and author, son of Eddy
Tom Snijders (born 1949), Dutch statistician
Wende Snijders (born 1978), Dutch singer
Wouter Snijders (1928–2020), Dutch judge and legal scholar
Occupational surnames
Dutch-language surnames
Marco Bergamo (born 12 April 1964) is an Italian former professional racing cyclist. He rode in one edition of the Tour de France, Giro d'Italia and the Vuelta a España.
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
Italian male cyclists
People from Cles
Sportspeople from Trentino
Cyclists from Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol
Sybra bialbomaculata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Breuning in 1953.
References
bialbomaculata
Beetles described in 1953
Notolinga is a monotypic genus of South American sheet weavers containing the single species, Notolinga fuegiana. It is a replacement name for Linga, already in use by a genus of molluscs. Eugène Simon described the first female in 1902 under the name "Neriene fuegiana", but the first male was not described until 2019. It has only been found in Argentina and on the Falkland Islands.
See also
Neriene
Oedothorax
List of Linyphiidae species (I–P)
References
Further reading
Monotypic Linyphiidae genera
Spiders of South America
The 2014 Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race, sponsored by Rolex and hosted by the Cruising Yacht Club of Australia in Sydney, New South Wales, was the 70th annual running of the "blue water classic" Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race. The 2014 edition began on Sydney Harbour at 1pm on Boxing Day (26 December 2014), before heading south for through the Tasman Sea, past Bass Strait, into Storm Bay and up the River Derwent, to cross the finish line in Hobart, Tasmania.
Line honours were claimed by Wild Oats XI in a time of 2 days, 2 hours, 3 minutes and 26 seconds. It was the yacht's eighth win, breaking the record for most line honours victories. The previous record had been set by Morna (now Kurrewa IV) with 7 victories in 1960. Wild Rose (Roger Hickman) was awarded the Tattersall's Cup.
117 boats started the race and 103 finished.
Results
Line honours (first 10)
Handicap results (Top 10)
References
Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race
Sydney
Sydney
December 2014 sports events in Australia
Belenören is a village in the District of Nallıhan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
AOO may refer to:
All Over Ornamented, a pottery style in prehistoric European Beaker culture
Altoona–Blair County Airport IATA code
Apache OpenOffice
Area of Occupancy, another term for scaling pattern of occupancy, the way in which species distribution changes across spatial scales
Cassida bergeali is a species of beetle in the leaf beetle family, found in Austria, the Czech Republic, France, Germany, Poland and Slovakia.
Description
The females are larger than males.
Habitat
The species feeds on plants in the family Asteraceae, particularly Centaurea jacea.
References
Cassidinae
Beetles described in 1995
Beetles of Europe
Connecticut Roller Derby is a women's flat-track roller derby league based in Naugatuck (Greater Waterbury), Connecticut. Founded in 2006, the league reached its 10th anniversary in 2016. Connecticut Roller Derby is a member of the Women's Flat Track Derby Association (WFTDA).
History and league structure
Connecticut Roller Derby was launched as "CT RollerGirls" in March 2006, and by early 2009 was attracting up to 500 fans to games held at venues such as the Connecticut Sports Center.
Connecticut Roller Derby has travel teams and home teams. The home teams play each other, and are the Bone Crushers, the Iron Angels, and the Widowmakers, whereas the two travel teams, The CT All-Stars and The Yankee Brutals, play teams from other leagues, with the All-Stars representing the league at the WFTDA level.
WFTDA competition
CT RollerGirls became a member of the Women's Flat Track Derby Association in early 2007, announced by the WFTDA in May of that year. In 2009, the CT All-Stars qualified for the WFTDA Playoffs for the first time. Entering the WFTDA Eastern Regional Tournament as the eighth seed, the All-Stars opened their tournament with losses to DC Rollergirls and Providence Roller Derby, before defeating Dominion Derby Girls 156-57 to finish the weekend in ninth place.
Rankings
NR = no end-of-year ranking supplied
Scholarship program
As part of Connecticut Roller Derby's community outreach mandate, the league sponsors a scholarship each year, the Cindy Luberto Scholarship for Women Athletes, which is a $500.00 grant towards post-secondary education.
References
External links
Official Website
Roller derby leagues in Connecticut
Women's sports in the United States
Naugatuck, Connecticut
Roller derby leagues established in 2006
2006 establishments in Connecticut
Women in Connecticut
Textlocal is a mobile communications company founded in 2005 with offices based in Malvern and Chester.
In 2005, Alastair Shortland and Darren Daws decided they wanted to transform the way businesses, individuals and groups communicate using mobile. Txtlocal Ltd was then formed.
Since then, with the development of their Messenger product, it has allowed over 165,000 users to communicate via SMS, MMS and Mobile Web. Its services include inbound and outbound SMS and MMS communications using a web-based control panel, SMS Gateway and MMS API, mobile web page creation, mobile forms and surveys, SMS attachments and mobile vouchers and loyalty cards.
They are members of the Chartered Institute of Marketing, Institute of Direct and Digital Marketing, Direct Marketing Association and Federation of Small Businesses.
History
Textlocal Ltd was formed in September 2005 as a for businesses.
In 2011, Txtlocal Ltd rebranded to become Textlocal, with a new website and branding.
In 2012, Textlocal launched a new iteration of their Messenger platform, Messenger 2.0. Created by the team of in-house developers, the new platform added a number of new features and a more streamlined interface.
In 2013, they released their Attachments tool, which allowed users to attach documents to an SMS through a combination of file hosting and shortened URLs. This was the first product of its kind in the mobile messaging market. This technology enabled the development of subsequent features, including mobile forms and surveys in 2013 and vouchers, tickets and loyalty cards in 2014.
In 2014, IMImobile acquired Txtlocal Ltd.
In 2015, Messenger 3.0 was launched, updating the platform, and then launched Textlocal India.
Products
Send and receive SMS online
Send and receive MMS online
SMS API gateway
SMS attachments
Email to SMS
Mobile web pages
Mobile forms and surveys
Mobile vouchers, tickets and loyalty cards
Mobile app
Recent awards
2014 GP Bullhound Northern Tech Top 50 Finalist
2013 Deloitte Fast 500 EMEA
2013 Deloitte UK Fast 50
2012 DMA Marketing Innovation Award
2012 Media Momentum Top 50 Finalist
2011 160 Characters - Winner of Best SMS Platform
2011 Effective Mobile Marketing Awards winner
2011 North West Digital and Media Entrepreneur of the Year (Darren Daws and Alastair Shortland)
2011 Winner of Chester Business Award
2010 Internet Business Awards - Best Telecommunications Website
References
External links
Textlocal website
Companies based in Chester
Companies based in Worcestershire
Companies established in 2005
All Saints Garrison Church is a historical building located in the Cantonment area of the city of Lucknow in India.
History
This church was built in 1860 but at that time it was small as compared to its present architecture. With the passage of time, as Lucknow Cantonment began to expand, the number of troops increased and the church was expanded to meet their needs.
It was decided in 1908 that a bigger church was extremely necessary. After the new church was reconstructed, it was rechristened as All Saints New Garrison Church.
This was the first church to be built for the Anglican Church. It was designed in 1908 by a British Engineer named Jones Ransom, who has also made the design for the Saint Mungo's Church of Scotland in Lucknow Cantonment. When he returned to England, the work was completed by Lishman under the supervision of architect John Baggs.
Architecture
The total cost incurred in the construction of this church was Rs. 91,000. The imposing architecture of this church is inspired by Magdalen College, Oxford. Above the main door of the church, situated in the west, is a tall tower which houses the church bell.
The main design of the church was prepared by Ransom, but after he moved to England, the subsequent engineers made a few changes to the design. The tower was constructed a little shorter than it was originally intended and the side walls were also reduced in thickness and height, so that some savings could be done. The quadrangle of the church is also quite large and has seating areas made out of ply. The prominent feature of these seats is that every bench has a niche for keeping guns on the upper-back side.
References
Churches in Lucknow
Church of North India church buildings
Lídia Puigvert (born 29 May 1970) is a Colombian lecturer of sociology at the University of Barcelona. She is a feminist author known for her theoretical contributions to dialog feminism and the overcoming of gender violence. She has been published many times and co-authored Women and Social Transformation with Judith Butler and Elisabeth Beck-Gernsheim. Due to her relevant contributions in gender studies, she was appointed as a consultant for European research projects such as IMPACT-EV, INCLUD-ED, and WORKALÓ. She was a principal investigator in several projects and coordinated Life paths that move away or move closer to human trafficking with the purpose of sexual exploitation. In 2008, she was a member of the Advisory Committee on Violence Against Women at the European Women's Lobby Observatory. As a lecturer, she has been invited to present conferences and seminars at different universities around the world, such as Oxford, Cambridge, and Harvard.
Biography
Lídia Puigvert was born in Bogotá on 29 May 1970 and was raised in Malgrat de Mar, a coastline village of Maresme.
In 1992, she started her collaboration with the Centre of Research in Theories and Practices that Overcome Inequalities (CREA), working with Ramon Flecha on the initial team. One of the research lines Puigvert promoted was the inclusion of other women's voices - primarily non-academic women who had been traditionally excluded from feminist debates. This research was consolidated in her contribution to the theory of dialogic feminism. Within the feminism sphere, Puigvert also contributed to the overcoming of gender violence.
In January 2004, as part of her work on gender violence, Puigvert worked with the CREA-SAFO Women's Group to speak out against the hostile environment at Spanish universities, where there were neither mechanisms of detection nor prevention of gender violence. In response to her positions, a lobby of university harassers initiated a smear campaign to discredit her and maintain the silence on gender violence at Spanish universities. During the course of this smear campaign, Puigvert's husband, Jesús Gómez, died.
Despite the personal cost of harassment, Puigvert continued her research, culminating in a contribution to the bill, "For the Effective Equality of Men and Women", signed into law on March 22, 2007. The law ruled that all Spanish universities must have equality commissions and protocols against gender violence. This work was acknowledged by Sarah Rankin, director of the Office of Sexual Assault Prevention and Response at Harvard University in 2010.
Puigvert also developed the preventative socialization of gender violence concept, introduced by Gómez. This contribution has been published in several JCR scientific articles and is one of the bases of the dialogic model of conflict resolution.
Puigvert is currently researching the illegal female trafficking system that affects millions of women worldwide. Puigvert continues to work in academia and on social issues to improve the lives of women around the world.
Publications
Puigvert, L. (2014). Preventive socialization of Gender Violence. Moving forward using the Communicative Methodology of Research. Qualitative Inquiry. 20 (7), 839-843. doi:10.1177/1077800414537221
Sordé, T.; Serradell, O.; Puigvert, L.; Munté; A (2013). Solidarity networks that challenge racialized discourses: The case of Romani immigrant women in spain. European Journal of Women's Studies, 20 (4),1 -16. doi: 10.1177/1350506813510425
Flecha, R., Puigvert, L. & Ríos, O. (2013).The New Alternative Masculinities and the Overcoming of Gender Violence. International and Multidisciplinar Journal of Social Sciences, 2 (1), 88-113.
Puigvert, L.; Christou, M.; Holford, J. (2012). Critical Communicative Methodology: including vulnerable voices in research through dialogue. Cambridge Journal of Education, 42 (4), 513 -526.doi:10.1080/0305764X.2012.733341
Prieto, O.; Puigvert, L.; Santacruz, I.(2012). 'Overcoming the odds: Constricted ethnicity in middle-class Romà. Identities: Global Studies in Culture and Power, 19 (2), 191-209. doi:10.1080/1070289X.2012.672856
Gómez, A.; Puigvert, L.; Flecha, R. (2011). Critical Communicative Methodology: Informing real social transformation through research. Qualitative Inquiry, 17 (3), 235-245. doi: 10.1177/1077800410397802
Christou, M; Puigvert, L (2011). The role of 'Other Women' in current educational transformations. International studies in sociology of education. 21(1), 77-90. doi:10.1080/09620214.2011.543855
Flecha, A.; Puigvert, L. (2010). Contributions to social theory from Dialogic Feminism: giving voice to all women in Teaching Social Theory. New York: Peter Lang Publishers.
Valls, R.; Puigvert, L. & Duque, E. (2008). Gender violence among teenagers: socialization and prevention. Violence Against Women, 14(7), 759- 785. doi: 10.1177/1077801208320365
De Botton, L, Puivert, L.; Sánchez-Aroca, M. (2005). The Inclusion of Other Women: Breaking the Silence through Dialogic Learning. Dordrecht, Netherlands: Springer.
Puigvert, L.; Valls, R. (2005). Dialogical Learning in Popular Education Movements in Spain in Popular Education: Engaging the Academy. Leiceste: NIACE.
Elboj, C. ; Puigvert, L. (2004). Interactions among 'other women': Personal and social meaning. Journal of Social Work Practice. 18 (3). 357-364. doi:0.1080/0265053042000314429
Beck-Gernsheim, E., Butler, J., & Puigvert, L. (2003). Women and Social Transformation. New York: Peter Lang Publishing.
Flecha, R.; Gómez, J. & Puigvert, L. (2003).Contemporary Sociological Theory. New York: Peter Lang.
Flecha, R. & Puigvert, L. (2002). The voice of the voiceless and the new forms of governance. Journal of Lifelong Learning in Europe, (3), 143-148.
References
External links
Lídia Puigvert: academic profile
Living people
Women sociologists
Colombian feminists
University of Barcelona faculty
1970 births
Johann Pistorius (14 February 1546 – 19 June 1608), also anglicized as John Pistorius or distinguished as Johann Pistorius the Younger, was a German controversialist and historian. He is sometimes called Niddanus from the name of his birthplace, Nidda in Hesse.
Life
His father was a well-known Protestant minister, Johann Pistorius the Elder (died 1583 at Nidda). From 1541 he was superintendent or chief minister of Nidda, and took part in several religious disputations between Catholics and Protestants.
Pistorius the Younger studied theology, law, and medicine at Marburg and Wittenberg 1559-67. He received the degree of Doctor of Medicine, and in 1575 was appointed court physician to the Margrave Karl II of Baden-Durlach, who frequently sought his advice in political and theological matters. Pistorius turned from Lutheranism to Calvinism; through his influence the Margrave Ernst Friedrich of Baden-Durlach made the same change.
As time went on, however, Pistorius became dissatisfied with Calvinism also. In 1584 he became a privy councillor of Margrave James III of Baden-Hochberg at Emmendingen; after further investigation he entered the Catholic Church in 1588. At his request the Margrave James brought about the religious disputations of Baden, 1589, and Emmendingen, 1590. After the second disputation the court preacher Johannes Zehender and the margrave himself became Catholics. James III, however, died on 17 August 1590, and being succeeded by his Protestant brother Ernst Friedrich, Pistorius was obliged to leave.
He went to Freiburg, became a priest in 1591, then vicar-general of Constance until 1594; after this he was an imperial councillor, cathedral provost of Breslau, Apostolic prothonotary, and in 1601 confessors to the Emperor Rudolph II. After his death his library came into the possession of the Jesuits of Molsheim and later was transferred to the theological seminary at Strasburg.
He died in Freiburg.
Works
Pistorius published a detailed account of the conversion of Margrave James III: "Jakobs Marggrafen zu Baden ... christliche, erhebliche und wolfundirte Motifen" (Cologne, 1591). His numerous writings against Protestantism, while evincing clearness, skill, and thorough knowledge of his opponents, especially of Luther, are marked by controversial sharpness and coarseness.
The most important are: "Anatomia Lutheri" (Cologne, 1595-8);"Hochwichtige Merkzeichen des alten und neuen Glaubens" (Münster, 1599); "Wegweiser vor alle verführte Christen" (Münster, 1599). Pistorius was attacked violently by the Protestants; e. g., by Samuel Huber, Cyriakus Spangenberg, Balthasar Mentzer, Horstius, and Christoph Agricola. Replies to the "Anatomia Lutheri" were written by the Protestant theologians of Wittenberg and Hesse.
Pistorius also busied himself with cabalistic studies, and published "Artis cabbalisticæ, h. e. reconditæ theologiæ et philosophiæ scriptorum tomus unus" (Basle, 1587). As court historiographer to the Margrave of Baden, he investigated the genealogy of the princely House of Zähringen; he also issued two works on historical sources: "Polonicæ historiæ corpus, i. e. Polonicarum rerum latini veteres et recentiores scriptores quotquot exstant" (Basle, 1582), and "Rerum Germanicarum veteres jam primum publicati scriptores aliquot insignes medii ævi ad Carolum V" (Frankfort, 1583–1607).
References
Günther, Hans-Jürgen, Die Reformation und ihre Kinder - dargestellt an Vater u. Sohn Johannes Pistorius Niddanus. Eine Doppel-Biographie, Nidda 1994
Günther, Hans-Jürgen, Der Humanist Johannes Pistorius – Gründer des „Gymnasium Illustre“ zu Durlach, Markgrafen-Gymnasium Karlsruhe Durlach, Jahresbericht 1993/94, Durlach 1994.
Günther, Hans-Jürgen, Dr. Johannes Pistorius (1546–1608) Ein Arzt, Humanist und Theologe prägt badische Geschichte, in: AQUAE, Arbeitskreis für Stadtgeschichte Baden- Baden, Baden-Baden 1995.
Günther, Hans-Jürgen, "J. P. Niddanus d. J.", in: Lebensbilder aus Baden- Württemberg, Bd. 19, Stuttgart 1998, S. 109–145.
Günther, Hans-Jürgen, "Pistorius", in: Lexikon für Theologie und Kirche, Bd. 8, Freiburg 1999, S. 319 f.
Günther, Hans-Jürgen, "Pistorius, 1. Johannes d. Ä., 2. Johannes d. J.", in: Neue Deutsche Biographie (NDB), Bd. 22, Berlin 2001, S. 486 f.
Günther, Hans-Jürgen, J. Pistorius Niddanus, Vater und Sohn – Zwei Niddaer Persönlichkeiten im Jahrhundert von Reformation und katholischer Reform: Artikel in „NIDDA – Die Geschichte einer Stadt und ihres Umlandes“, Nidda 2003, S. 123–134.
Günther, Hans-Jürgen/Schlaefli, Louis: Bibliothekographie der Bücher aus der ehemaligen Bibliothek des Johannes Pistorius, die im Grand Séminaire zu Strasbourg zu finden sind. A: Katalog n. d. Straßburger Bibliotheksordnung, 31 S., B: Katalog nach Autoren, 35 S., C: Katalog nach Erscheinungsjahren der Bücher, 36 S., Emmendingen 1995.
Günther, Hans-Jürgen, "Emmendingen im Reformationsjahrhundert", in (Hrsg.:Jenne Hans-Jörg, Auer Gerhard A.) Geschichte der Stadt Emmendingen, Band I, Emmendingen 2006, S. 131-278
Räss, Die Convertiten seit der Reformation (Freiburg, 1866), II, 488-507; III, 91 sqq.
Gass, in Allgem. deut. Biog., XXVI, 199-201
Hugo von Hurter, Nomenclator, III (Innsbruck, 1907)
Janssen, Hist. of the German People at the close of the Middle Ages, X (tr. Christie, London, 1906), 116-48
Schmidlin, Johann Pistorius als Propst im Elsass in Hist. Jahrbuch, XXIX (1908), 790-804
Zell, Markgraf Jakob III. von Baden in Hist-pol. Blätter, XXXVIII (1856)
Von Weech, "Zur Gesch. des Markgrafen Jacob III. von Baden und Hachberg", in Zeitsch. für Gesch. des Oberrheins, new series, VII (1892), 656-700; VIII (1893), 710; XII (1897), 266-72.
External links
http://www.latein-pagina.de/iexplorer/pistoriusvita.htm, From the website of Latin pagina.de by Hans-Juergen Guenther (a list of all fonts contain Pistorius)
http://gso.gbv.de/DB=1.28/REL?PPN=004318404&RELTYPE=TT&COOKIE=U999,K999,D1.28,E1e9159cf-66,I0,B9994++++++,SY,A%5C9008+1,,0,H12-23,,30-31,,50,,60-61,,73-77,,80,,88-90,NGAST,R187.13.220.22,FN, in VD 17
1546 births
1608 deaths
People from Nidda
German Roman Catholics
16th-century German physicians
Converts to Roman Catholicism from Calvinism
German male non-fiction writers
16th-century German historians
16th-century German male writers
Bob McHugh may refer to:
Bob McHugh (footballer)
Bob McHugh (musician)
"No Worries" is a song by English production trio Disciples and French house music producer and disc jockey (DJ) David Guetta. The song was released as a digital download on 15 April 2016. The song has peaked at number 90 on the Australian Singles Chart. The song was written by David Guetta, Nathan Duvall, Gavin Koolman, Luke McDermott, Curtis Richardson, Daniel Amell, Frederic Riesterer, and Ralph Wegner, while vocals are by Curtis Richa.
Track listing
Charts
Release history
References
2016 singles
2016 songs
David Guetta songs
Parlophone singles
Songs written by David Guetta
Song recordings produced by David Guetta
The Tai Fung Tong Art House () is an arts center in São Lázaro, Macau, China.
History
The art house is located at Choi Lok Chi Mansion which was constructed in 1918 by Choi Lok Chi, the director of Kiang Wu Hospital and Macao Chamber of Commerce and the president of Macau Tung Sin Tong Charitable Society. The mansion once housed a catholic school.
See also
List of tourist attractions in Macau
References
1918 establishments in Macau
Buildings and structures in Macau
Macau Peninsula
This is a list of international football governing bodies.
Global
FIFA - Fédération Internationale de Football Association - 211 members - founded in 1904, represents nations from around the world, and is the overall governing body of recognised international football. Its premier tournament is the quadrennial FIFA World Cup.
NF-Board - New Federation Board - 18 members + 14 provisional - founded in 2003 represents nations, dependencies, unrecognized states, minorities, stateless peoples, regions and micronations not affiliated to FIFA. The main tournament was the VIVA World Cup. As of January 2013, this organization has been disbanded.
ConIFA - Confederation of Independent Football Associations - 24 members - founded in 2013 represents nations, dependencies, unrecognized states, minorities and regions not affiliated to FIFA. The main tournament is the ConIFA World Football Cup.
Continental
FIFA Confederations
FIFA-member football associations are formed together into continental confederations, which organize continental national and club competitions.
AFC - Asian Football Confederation - 47 members - founded in 1954, represents Asian nations in football. The main tournament is the AFC Asian Cup.
CAF - Confédération Africaine de Football - 54 members + 2 associate - founded in 1957 - represents African nations in football. The main tournament is the African Cup of Nations.
CONCACAF - Confederation of North, Central American and Caribbean Association Football - 41 members - founded in 1961 represents North American, Central American and Caribbean nations. The main tournament is the CONCACAF Gold Cup.
CONMEBOL - Confederación Sudamericana de Fútbol - 10 members - founded in 1916 represents South American nations in football. The main tournament is the Copa América.
OFC - Oceania Football Confederation - 11 members + 2 associate - founded in 1966 represents Oceanian nations in football. The main tournament is the OFC Nations Cup.
UEFA Union of European Football Associations - 55 members - founded in 1954 represents European nations in football. The main tournament is the UEFA European Championship, also known as UEFA Euro.
Non-FIFA Confederations
Two continental confederations exist within the NF-Board.
CSANF - Consejo Sudamericano de Nuevas Federaciones - 4 members + 1 associate - founded in 2007 represents teams not affiliated to FIFA in South America.
Inter-continental
The following confederations consist of FIFA member associations that cross continental boundaries.
UAFA - Union of Arab Football Associations - 22 members - founded in 1974, represents Arab nations from Africa and Asia. The main tournament is the Arab Nations Cup.
Regional
Africa
Affiliated to CAF
CECAFA-Council of East and Central African Football Associations - 10 members + 1 associate - founded in 1927, represents nations generally regarded as forming the regions of East Africa and some nations of Central Africa. The main tournament is the CECAFA Cup.
COSAFA - Council of Southern African Football Associations - 14 members + 1 associate - founded in 1997, represents nations generally regarded as forming Southern Africa, as well as island states off the coast of Southern Africa. The main tournament is the COSAFA Cup.
WAFU (UFOA) - Union of West African Football Associations - 8 members - founded in 1977, one of two bodies that represent nations in West Africa. The main tournament is the WAFU Nations Cup.
UNAF - Union of North African Federations - 5 members - founded in 2005, represents nations regarded as forming North Africa.
UNIFFAC - Central African Football Federations' Union - 8 members - represents some of the nations that form Central Africa. The main tournament is the CEMAC Cup.
Asia
Affiliated to AFC
WAFF - West Asian Football Federation - 12 members - founded in 2000, represents nations at the western extremity of the continent. The main tournament is the WAFF Championship.
AGCFF - Arab Gulf Cup Football Federation - 8 members - founded in 2016, represents the Arab states of the Persian Gulf. The main tournament is the Arabian Gulf Cup.
EAFF - East Asian Football Federation - 10 members - founded in 2002, represents nations generally agreed to constitute the "far east". The main tournament is the EAFF E-1 Football Championship.
SAFF - South Asian Football Federation - 7 members - founded in 1997, represents nations from South Asia. The main tournament is the SAFF Championship.
CAFA - Central Asian Football Association - 6 members - founded in 2015, represents nations from Central Asia. The main tournament is the CAFA Championship.
AFF - ASEAN Football Federation - 12 members - founded in 1984, represents nations from Southeast Asia. The main tournament is the AFF Championship.
North America
Affiliated to CONCACAF
CFU - Caribbean Football Union - 30 members - represents all nations in the Caribbean. The main tournament is the Caribbean Cup.
LIFA - Leeward Islands Football Association - 11 members - founded in 1949, represents nations of the Leeward archipelago and is affiliated to CFU. The main tournament is the Leeward Islands Tournament.
WIFA - Windward Islands Football Association - 4 members - represents nations of the Windward archipelago and is affiliated to CFU. The main tournament is the Windward Islands Tournament.
NAFU - North American Football Union - 3 members - represents the three sovereign nations of North America. The main tournament was the now defunct North American Nations Cup.
UNCAF Union Centroamericana de Fútbol - 7 members - represents the seven nations of Central America. The main tournament is the UNCAF Nations Cup.
Defunct
CCCF - Confederacion Centroamericana y del Caribe de Futbol - 37 members - dissolved in 1961, represented Central America and Caribbean region and was directly affiliated to FIFA. The main tournament was the CCCF Championship.
CENF - Confederation of European New Federations - 0 members - founded in 2007 and dissolved in 2008, represented teams not affiliated to FIFA in Europe, and was affiliated to NF-Board. The main tournament was the CENF Cup, but was never played.
FIFI - Federation of International Football Independents - 5 members - represents nations, dependencies and unrecognized states not affiliated to FIFA. The main tournament was the FIFI Wild Cup.
IFU - International Football Union - 2 provisional members - founded in 2009 as an international football confederation for nations and territories not admitted to FIFA, was dissolved in 2010.
NAFC - North American Football Confederation - 4 members - founded in 1946 and dissolved in 1961, represented the North American region and was directly affiliated to FIFA. The main tournament was the NAFC Championship.
PFC Panamerican Football Confederation - 50 members - founded in 1946 represents teams from America. The main tournament is the Panamerican Championship.
UIAFA - Union Internationale Amateur de Football Association - 3, later 5 members - founded in 1908 and dissolved in 1912. Main tournament was the Amateur European Championship.
External links
RSSSF
Football Federations Around the Globe, Soccerlens.com
Igor Yakovlevich Rabiner (; born 13 February 1973 in Moscow) is a Russian football journalist and writer known for his work with Sport-Express and his books, most notably his controversial bestseller How Spartak Was Being Killed (), where he describes the crisis FC Spartak Moscow faced in the early 2000s, at the end of Oleg Romantsev's reign and immediately after it. Later, that book was followed by its sequel, How Spartak Was Being Killed 2 about the later events, and Lokomotiv We Have Lost («Локомотив», который мы потеряли) that exploits similar themes regarding another popular Russian football team, Lokomotiv Moscow. In 2012, after being sacked by Sport-Express he moved to the Championat.com sports portal.
In April 2022 Rabiner was named one of the 50 most important people in the history of Spartak Moscow, of which he is a fan.
Bibliography
Football. Farewell to the Century (Футбол. Прощание с веком), 2001, Terra-Sport,
How Spartak Was Being Killed (Как убивали «Спартак»), 2006, Trade Secret,
How Spartak Was Being Killed 2 (Как убивали «Спартак» 2), 2007, OLMA Media Group,
Lokomotiv We Have Lost («Локомотив», который мы потеряли), 2008, OLMA Media Group.
Our Football Russia (Наша футбольная Russia). — 2008, OLMA Media Group.
Mysteries of Olympic Gold. Isinbaeva, Dementieva and others (Тайны олимпийского золота. Исинбаева, Дементьева и другие). — 2008, OLMA Media Group.
EURO 2008. The Bronze Dream of Russia (Euro-2008. Бронзовая сказка России). — 2008, OLMA Media Group.
The Truth About Zenit (Правда о «Зените»). — 2009, OLMA Media Group.
Hockey Madness: From Nagano To Vancouver (Хоккейное безумие: от Нагано до Ванкувера). — 2009, OLMA Media Group.
The Scandal Echo of Maribor (Скандальное эхо Марибора). – 2010, OLМA Media Group.
Life Of Remarkable Coaches (Жизнь замечательных тренеров). – 2010, OLMA Media Group.
Spartak Confessions (Спартаковские исповеди). – 2011, OLMA Media Group.
How Did Russia Get 2018 World Cup, Sports & Political Investigation (Как Россия получила чемпионат мира по футболу – 2018. Спортивно-политическое расследование). – 2012, Astrel.
Dick Advokaat & Guus Hiddink: Unbelievable Adventures of the Dutchmen in Russia (Дик Адвокат и Гус Хиддинк: невероятные приключения голландцев в России). – 2012, Astrel.
References
Russian journalists
Russian sports journalists
Russian Jews
Writers from Moscow
1973 births
Living people
Guélengdeng () is a city in the Mayo-Kebbi Est Region, Chad. It is the administrative center of Mayo Lemie.
Population
Population by years:
References
Populated places in Chad
LOMO () is a manufacturer of medical and motion-picture lenses and equipment based in St. Petersburg, Russia. The company was awarded three Order of Lenin decorations by the Soviet Union.
Its Lomo LC-A consumer camera was the inspiration for the lomography photographic movement.
History
The company was founded in 1914 in Petrograd (now Saint Petersburg). It was established as a French – Russian limited company to produce lenses and cameras. It manufactured gun sights during World War I. In 1919, it was nationalised. In 1921, the factory was named the Factory of State Optics, G.O.Z. In 1925, camera production was resumed, and several lens designs tested between 1925 and 1929. Further reorganisations of the Soviet optical factories in several stages finally resulted in that the factory at Leningrad became GOMZ, the Russian Optical and Mechanical Factory.
In the transition period 1932 to 1935 a copy of the Leica camera was developed, the VOOMP I. Today LOMO makes military optics, scientific research instruments, criminological microscopes, medical equipment, and a range of consumer products.
Known as GOMZ (State Optical-Mechanical Plant), the company was transformed under the direction of Mikhail Panfilov, who united several industries and founded the LOMO Association in 1962. In 1990 - 1997 Ilya Klebanov was the Director General of LOMO Association.
The company went public in 1993, and was renamed LOMO PLC; it is traded on the RTS Classic Stock Market. The company is ISO 9001 certified and exports worldwide. Night-vision devices and telescopes account for 30% of the company's exports. Germany is the largest importer of LOMO products. Medical equipment, fiber optic cables and Endoscopes, optical components and cameras are consumed mainly by the Russian market and other states of the former Soviet Union. Military equipment and science research instruments make a significant share of production for export to such countries as Israel, India, United States, Canada, Mexico, and other international markets.
Social standing
LOMO is regarded in St. Petersburg for its advanced medical centre.
References
External links
LOMO America, Inc.
USSRPhoto.com Wiki catalog of LOMO manufactured cameras. (See GOMZ/LOMO sections)
Manufacturing companies based in Saint Petersburg
Manufacturing companies of the Soviet Union
Electronics companies of Russia
Optics manufacturing companies
Photography companies of Russia
Medical technology companies of Russia
Photography in the Soviet Union
Manufacturing companies established in 1914
Russian brands
Soviet brands
Companies nationalised by the Soviet Union
1914 establishments in the Russian Empire
Ministry of the Defense Industry (Soviet Union)
McMullen is an unincorporated community in Greene County, Virginia, United States.
External links
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Greene County, Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
The 15th Kentucky Cavalry Regiment was a cavalry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Service
The 15th Kentucky Cavalry Regiment was organized at Owensboro, Kentucky and mustered in for one year under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Gabriel Netter.
The regiment was attached to District of Columbus, Kentucky, Department of the Tennessee, to November 1862. District of Columbus, Kentucky, XIII Corps, Department of the Tennessee, to January 1863. District of Columbus, Kentucky, XVI Corps, to August 1863. Detached Brigade, District of Columbus, Kentucky, 6th Division, XVI Corps, to October 1863.
The 15th Kentucky Cavalry mustered out of service beginning October 6, 1863, and ending October 29, 1863.
Detailed service
Garrison duty at Paducah, Kentucky, and at various points in District of Columbus until October 1863. Scout from Fort Heiman into Tennessee May 26-June 2, 1863 (Companies A and D). Spring Creek, Tennessee, June 29. Lexington, Tennessee, June 29. Expedition from Clifton in pursuit of Biffle's, Forrest's and Newsome's Cavalry July 22–27. Expedition from Paducah, Kentucky, to McLemoresville, Tennessee, September 20–30.
Casualties
The regiment lost a total of 58 men during service; 1 officer and 2 enlisted men killed or mortally wounded, 1 officer and 54 enlisted men died of disease.
Commanders
Lieutenant Colonel Gabriel Netter
See also
List of Kentucky Civil War Units
Kentucky in the Civil War
References
Dyer, Frederick H. A Compendium of the War of the Rebellion (Des Moines, IA: Dyer Pub. Co.), 1908.
Attribution
Military units and formations established in 1862
Military units and formations disestablished in 1863
Units and formations of the Union Army from Kentucky
1862 establishments in Kentucky
is Japanese rock band Bump of Chicken's 21st single, featured as the ending theme for video game, Final Fantasy Type-0.
Track list
References
2011 singles
Bump of Chicken songs
Billboard Japan Hot 100 number-one singles
Final Fantasy music
Video game theme songs
2011 songs
Toy's Factory singles
Songs written by Motoo Fujiwara
"In Plenty and In Time of Need" is the national anthem of the country of Barbados. It was written by Irving Burgie and was composed by C. Van Roland Edwards. As one part of the West Indies Federation from 1958 to 1962, Barbados' anthem was supposed to be "Forged from the Love of Liberty" (which is currently the national anthem of Trinidad and Tobago), however the current anthem was created with Barbados's moves toward full independence. The song was then adopted by Barbados when it became independent in 1966.
History
The anthem was composed by C. Van Roland Edwards (1912–1985). Edwards, a composer who was partially blind, was assisted by his daughters Nannette and Eullia in his composition of "In Plenty and In Time of Need". The lyrics were written by Irving Burgie (1924–2019), a musician from Brooklyn, New York City, born to a Barbadian mother and an American father. A committee made up of Bruce St. John, Frank Collymore, Enid Lynch, George Lamming, Gerald Hudson and John Fletcher selected Edwards's composition as the national anthem, and Edwards was awarded BDS$500.
The anthem was first performed on Independence Day, on 30 November 1966. In 1967, the anthem's music was rearranged by Inspector Prince Cave of the Royal Barbados Police Band, giving it a more sustained harmony while retaining the original tune.
Lyrics
Rules regarding anthem
The Government of Barbados outlines the following rules for the National Anthem:
Conduct during play
1. Whenever the National Anthem is played all civilians present should stand at attention, men with bared heads. Persons in uniform should act in accordance with instructions.
Anthem application
2. Normally one verse only and the chorus will be played. Where a shortened version of the National Anthem is played, it shall consist of the first twelve bars of the verse and the last four bars of the chorus.
The National Anthem shall be played:
(a) for the purposes of a salute on ceremonial or official occasions, on the arrival and departure of:
(i) the President of Barbados.
(ii) a foreign Sovereign, Head of State or member of a reigning foreign imperial or Royal Family,
(iii) Governors-General of Independent Commonwealth countries.
(iv) Governors of the Associated States, and
(v) Governors, High Commissioners of Officers administering the Government of a dependent territory within the Commonwealth
(b) at the beginning of all public performances in a cinema house.
3. The National Anthem may be played
(a) at the completion of any public function, or
(b) when toasts are proposed at official functions.
Rules in usage
4. The National Anthem should not be parodied in verse or in song neither should it be played in any tempo other than that officially recognized (eighty-eight crochets to the minute). Particularly, the tune should not be used as a dance number or for the purposes of advertisement.
5. When more than one anthem is played the Barbados anthem should be played last.
See also
National symbols of Barbados
References
External links
Streaming audio of the national anthem of Barbados, with information and lyrics (archive link)
Vocal - Other format
Barbadian National Anthem MIDI Instrumental
Video - YouTube video of National Anthem with scenes of Barbados
Version as played by the Royal Barbados Police Force Band (RBPF)
National symbols of Barbados
Barbadian songs
Barbados
National anthems
National anthem compositions in G major
The AgustaWestland AW189 is a twin-engined, medium-lift helicopter manufactured by Leonardo S.p.A. (formerly AgustaWestland, merged into Leonardo-Finmeccanica since 2016). It is derived from the AW149, and shares similarities with the AW139 and AW169.
Development
On 20 June 2011, development of the eight-tonne twin-engine AW189 was formally announced by AgustaWestland at the Paris International Air Show; at the time, the company planned to have the new rotorcraft certified by 2013 and in service in 2014. The AW189 is a civil-orientated version of the military AW149, which in turn is an enlarged development of the AW139; in 2011, AgustaWestland CEO Bruno Spagnolini stated that: "The AW139 and the AW189 are two very different aircraft but they both share the same general concept in architecture". AgustaWestland stated it aimed to sell the AW189 for offshore helicopter support, search and rescue (SAR), and passenger transport roles.
On 21 December 2011, the first AW189 conducted its maiden flight from AgustaWestland's facility in Cascina Costa, Italy. During the flight test program, six AW189s were used, these were four prototypes and a pair of pre-production aircraft. The pre-production aircraft were used to develop mission kits and configurations for offshore and SAR roles, enabling these to be immediately certified and available for customer selection. In August 2013, the fifth prototype was dispatched to the UK, so that AgustaWestland's UK branch could begin work on certifying the type for SAR operations. In June 2013, AgustaWestland announced that the AW189 had entered full-scale production.
In October 2013, the first production model performed its first flight; at the same time, work was proceeding on setting up a second production line for the type at AgustaWestland's center in Yeovil, United Kingdom. In February 2014, the AW189 received type certification from the European Aviation Safety Agency (EASA); the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) issued its certification for the type in March 2015. In August 2015, civil certification for the AW189 was issued by the Interstate Aviation Committee (IAC).
In June 2015, it was reported that slow development of the ice-protection systems that to be offered upon the AW189 had delayed the introduction of Bristow Helicopters UK-based SAR operations using the type, at the time being in a state of "operational evaluation". In September 2015, AgustaWestland announced that EASA certification of the AW189's limited ice protection system had been granted, and stated that the rotorcraft was the first in its category to receive such certification. In autumn 2015, AgustaWestland conducted icing trials in Alaska to provide flight within full icing conditions certification as part of efforts to qualify the type for the SAR role; validation of the full-ice protection system was scheduled for mid-2016.
In October 2017 Leonardo announced the development of the AW189K variant, powered by two 2500 hp Aneto-1K turboshafts produced by Safran Helicopter Engines. EASA certification for the AW189K was initially expected in late 2018 this was eventually achieved in June 2020; hot and high operations would benefit from the additional 500shp (370 kW) per engine and the Aneto's specific fuel consumption was planned to be 10% lower than the replaced CT7s. Gulf Helicopters was the launch customer of the AW189K.
Design
The AW189 is a medium-sized twin-engined helicopter with a five-bladed fully articulated main rotor, a four-bladed tail rotor and a retractable tricycle landing gear. It is powered by two General Electric CT7-2E1 turboshaft engines. AgustaWestland refer to the AW189 as being a "super-medium class" helicopter, emphasizing its suitability for long-range operations. During development, the AW189 was designed to comply with the latest international regulatory safety requirements EASA/FAA Part 29, JAR OPS 3/EU-OPS. Of particular importance to the type's use for offshore operations, such as search and rescue and services to the oil and gas industries, the main gearbox has been designed to provide for a 50-minute run-dry capacity, in excess of requirements and a unique feature to the AW189. Aspects of the AW189 are deliberately similar to the AW139 and AW169; these helicopters share similar flight performance characteristics, safety features, and design philosophies. Areas of the aircraft's operation, such as maintenance and the layout of the cockpit, also continue this concept, which reportedly makes operations more cost effective.
The cockpit features high levels of external visibility and advanced situational awareness technologies, and is designed to reduce crew workload and enhance safety. Avionics on the AW189 are fully integrated and include four color LCD panels, a four-axis dual-duplex digital automatic flight control system, autopilot, search/weather radar, cockpit voice recorder, flight data recorder, night vision goggle-compatibility, health and usage monitoring system, moving map system, SATCOM, synthetic vision system, emergency locator system, helicopter terrain avoidance system (HTAWS), traffic collision avoidance system II (TCAS II), direction finder, forward looking infrared (FLIR) camera, and VHF/UHF radio. The avionics were designed to use an open architecture, making customer-specified upgrades and additions easier and enabling additional options.
Dependent on the configuration, the AW189's cabin can accommodate up to 19 passengers and two crew members on crashworthy seats. According to AgustaWestland, the AW189 possesses the largest cabin in its class, which is accessed via large sliding doors on either side of the fuselage; a separate externally accessed baggage compartment is also present. The interior is customised to the mission role being undertaken; these include a self-contained emergency medical service (EMS) layout, passenger configurations (with in-flight entertainment systems offered), mission consoles for SAR and law enforcement operations, and an optional dividing wall between the cockpit and main cabin may also be installed. Under certain conditions and limitations, the rotorcraft can be flown by a single pilot. Various pieces of optional equipment can be installed upon the AW189, including fast roping kits, external electric hoist, cargo hook, air conditioning, auxiliary fuel tanks, mission console, emergency flotation system (certified up to Sea State 6), external life rafts, emergency lighting, external search light, main cabin bubble windows, wire strike protection system, de-icing systems providing multiple levels of protection.
Operational history
In July 2013, AgustaWestland reported that they had received over 80 orders and options placed for the AW189. By March 2015, there were roughly 150 orders for the AW189.
On 7 January 2015, AgustaWestland announced that it had concluded a deal to supply 160 AW189s to the Russian oil company Rosneft by 2025. These helicopters will be produced by HeliVert, a joint venture between Finmeccanica-AgustaWestland and Russian Helicopters (a subsidiary of the corporation Rostec). Under the terms of the agreement made in 2015, HeliVert shall be responsible for final assembly of AW189s destined for the Russian and Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) nations at its Tomilino plant near Moscow, the firm shall also receive an exclusive licence to market and manufacture the AW189 throughout the Russian and CIS market.
In August 2013, UK-based Bristow Helicopters began promoting the AW189 to their offshore clients; Bristow intends to replace their Eurocopter AS332 Super Puma fleet with the AW189. On 21 July 2014, Bristow, who served as the launch customer for the AW189, performed their first commercial flight of the type. Bristow is to procure 11 SAR-configured AW189s as part of an 11-year contract under which Bristow is to take over SAR operations in the United Kingdom from the Royal Navy and Royal Air Force. On 19 January 2015, U.S. helicopter operator AAR Airlift and partner British International Helicopters (BIH) were granted a £180 million ($275 million) 10-year contract, beginning in April 2016, to support UK defence ministry operations in the Falkland Islands. Two AW189s will conduct SAR duties on behalf of British Forces garrisoned at Mount Pleasant Airfield on the South Atlantic islands, replacing RAF Sea Kings that will be retired at the end of March 2016.
In July 2014, Asia-Pacific launch customer Weststar Aviation received its first AW189 in a ceremony at the Farnborough Airshow in Hampshire, England. In November 2014, Middle Eastern launch customer Gulf Helicopters formally launched their first batch of AW189s into operational service. In October 2014, Lease Corporation International (LCI) became the first aircraft lessor to take delivery of the AW189.
After the Beijing Municipal Public Security Bureau ordered two AW189 in November 2021, the Ministry of Transport of the People's Republic of China order six AW189 for its Rescue and Salvage Bureau in March 2022, the six AW189 are expected to be delivered by 2023. At March 2022, there are 73 AW189s in service globally.
Operators
Azerbaijan Airlines (2 on order)
Egyptian Air Force (8 on order)
Indonesian National Police (2 in service)
Tokyo Fire Department (1 on order)
Weststar Aviation (2 on order)
Fire Department
Gulf Helicopters (15 on order)
Exxon Neftegas Limited
Seoul Metropolitan Fire and Disaster Management
Dubai Royal Air Wing (1 on order)
Milestone Aviation Group (3 on order)
Bristow Group (HM Coastguard) (11 in service)
Southern Vietnam Helicopter Company
Specifications (AW189)
See also
References
Citations
Bibliography
External links
AW189 Page on Leonardo-Finmeccanica
The AW189 – AgustaWestland's New Family Member
Changing of the Guard
AW189
International helicopters
Twin-turbine helicopters
Aircraft first flown in 2011
The 1989 Arcachon Cup was a women's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Arcachon, France that was part of the Category 2 tier of the 1989 WTA Tour. The tournament was held from 10 July until 16 July 1989. Judith Wiesner won the singles title.
Finals
Singles
Judith Wiesner defeated Barbara Paulus 6–3, 6–7(3–7), 6–1
It was Wiesner's 2nd title of the year and the 5th of her career.
Doubles
Sandra Cecchini / Patricia Tarabini defeated Mercedes Paz / Brenda Schultz 6–3, 7–6(7–5)
It was Cecchini's 1st title of the year and the 11th of her career. It was Tarabini's 1st title of the year and the 1st of her career.
External links
ITF tournament edition details
Tournament draws
Arcachon Cup
Arcachon Cup
1989 in French tennis
Gerald A. Quigley (December 18, 1895 – September 21, 1966) was an American football quarterback who played one season in the American Professional Football Association (APFA) and one in the New York Pro Football League (NYPFL) for the Rochester Jeffersons. He did not play college football.
Quigley was born on December 18, 1895, in Rochester, New York. He was the son of Rochester's chief of police. He attended Cathedral High School in Rochester, starring in baseball, football, track, and basketball. After graduating, Quigley declined scholarship offers from eight different universities and played semi-professional sports with the "Saturday Evening Post Posts" in basketball, and the Crimsons and the Kodak Park team in baseball.
He was drafted to serve in World War I in 1917, and was a member of the United States Navy. While there, he played on "Cupid Black's naval eleven", where "one had to have class to make the team of husky pigskin maulers which Black had together".
After returning, Quigley played professional football with the Rochester Jeffersons of the New York Pro Football League (NYPFL) in 1919, being their starting quarterback and leading them to the league championship.
He returned to the Jeffersons for the 1920 season, while they were a member of the newly-formed American Professional Football Association (APFA). The Buffalo Courier called him "one of the most spectacular broken field runners that ever stepped on a field in this state." During the 1920 season, he appeared in nine out of eleven total games, starting one. The Jeffersons ended the year with a 6–3–2 record, seventh in league standings.
He left the Jeffersons in 1921, playing for the independent Rochester Scalpers. He was a member of the Regal Athletic Club football team in 1922.
In 1924, he played for a semi-professional baseball team called the "Old Timers".
Quigley later worked at the Rochester Recreation Bureau for 29 years, and was a recreation leader at Danforth Center for ten years before retiring in 1966. He also was an assistant high school football coach in the late 1940s. He died on September 21, 1966, at the age of 70.
The Democrat and Chronicle called Quigley, "one of Rochester's most celebrated former athletes."
References
1895 births
1966 deaths
Players of American football from New York (state)
Sportspeople from Rochester, New York
American football quarterbacks
Rochester Jeffersons players
Walking Wounded is the ninth studio album by British musical duo Everything but the Girl. It was released on 6 May 1996 by Atlantic Records in the United States and Virgin Records in Europe. The album saw the group adopting a more electronic and dance-based style, following the success of the remixed version of "Missing" from their previous album, Amplified Heart.
Four tracks from the album were released as singles, including the drum and bass-influenced "Walking Wounded" and the house-influenced "Wrong", which became top ten hits on the UK Singles Chart, as well as the downtempo track "Single", which set Tracey Thorn's emotionally direct vocal against breakbeats, organ and strings, and "Before Today".
Composition
According to Pitchforks Ruth Saxelby, Walking Wounded draws on downtempo, drum and bass and trip hop music, "compressing the wide open space of those then-nascent sounds into a pop format". AllMusic critic Stephen Thomas Erlewine wrote that the album was informed musically by trip hop and techno, albeit eschewing the "free-form song structures" traditionally associated with those genres. Treble writer Adam Blyweiss viewed it as a refinement of Everything but the Girl's earlier sophisti-pop sound that "replaced many of the duo's acoustics with reasonable digital facsimiles".
Walking Wounded marked a change in the duo's approach to writing songs. Ben Watt produced various instrumental tracks, while Tracey Thorn wrote lyrics after listening to the completed tracks. In producing the tracks, Watt utilized samples from sources such as Tim Buckley's "Song to the Siren" and Stan Tracey's "Starless and Bible Black". Thorn later recalled: "We really believed in ourselves and that comes across in the sound. We'd finally got to the point where we realised what our strength was: the softness and warmth of my voice against urban beats; the warm and cold, the soft and hard contrast. We got it perfect on this record; it was our pop triumph."
Release
Walking Wounded is the duo's highest-charting album to date, reaching number four in the United Kingdom and number 37 in the United States. By February 1997, it had sold 750,000 copies worldwide, according to Billboard. The album went on to sell over 1,300,000 copies worldwide.
The album's cover art is unusual in that it features the barcode on both the front and back of the album.
Walking Wounded was reissued by Edsel Records as a two-disc deluxe set on 4 September 2015. On 8 November 2019, the album was re-released on vinyl by Buzzin' Fly Records.
Critical reception
Walking Wounded was included in the book 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die.
Track listing
Personnel
Credits for Walking Wounded adapted from liner notes.
Everything but the Girl
Tracey Thorn – vocals
Ben Watt – acoustic guitar, vocals, abstract sounds, beats, synthesizer, production, programming, recording
Production
Andy Bradfield – mixing
Mads Bjerke – engineering on "Walking Wounded"
Spring Heel Jack – mixing, production and programming on "Walking Wounded"
Howie B – co-production, programming and scratching on "Flipside"
Johnny Rockstar – additional programming on "Flipside"
Jeremy Shaw – additional programming on "Flipside"
Matthius H. – engineering on "Wrong" (Todd Terry remix)
Todd Terry – additional production and remixing on "Wrong" (Todd Terry remix)
Rob Haigh – engineering, additional production and remixing on "Walking Wounded" (Omni Trio remix)
Design
Everything but the Girl – design
Jim Friedman – inner sleeve photography
Form – design
Marcelo Krasilicic – cover photography
Charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
1996 albums
Atlantic Records albums
Everything but the Girl albums
Trip hop albums by English artists
Virgin Records albums
Dream pop albums by English artists
Drum and bass albums
The Zamboanga Sibugay Provincial Board is the Sangguniang Panlalawigan (provincial legislature) of the Philippine province of Zamboanga Sibugay.
The members are elected via plurality-at-large voting: the province is divided into two districts, each having five seats. A voter votes up to five names, with the top five candidates per district being elected. The vice governor is the ex officio presiding officer, and only votes to break ties. The vice governor is elected via the plurality voting system province-wide.
The districts used in appropriation of members is coextensive with the legislative districts of Zamboanga Sibugay.
Aside from the regular members, the board also includes the provincial federation presidents of the Liga ng mga Barangay (ABC, from its old name "Association of Barangay Captains"), the Sangguniang Kabataan (SK, youth councils) and the Philippine Councilors League (PCL).
Apportionment
List of members
Current members
These are the members after the 2019 local elections and 2018 barangay and SK elections:
Vice Governor: Rey Olegario (Nacionalista)
Past members
Vice Governors
1st District Board Members
2nd District Board Members
References
Politics of Zamboanga Sibugay
Provincial boards in the Philippines
The 2019–20 season was the 2nd season of Juventus U23 and the club's 2nd consecutive season in the Serie C, the third level of Italian football. Juventus won their first trophy in their history: the Coppa Italia Serie C after beating 2–1 Ternana. Juventus U23 finished 10th in the regular season, and qualified for the first round of the promotion play-offs. They were eliminated in the quarter-finals against Carrarese after 2–2 draw being eliminated due to the opponent's higher classification in the regular season.
The regular season was suspended and then cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Italy.
Serie C
Results list Juventus U23's goal tally first.
Serie C play-offs
Coppa Italia Serie C
References
Juventus Next Gen seasons
Italian football clubs 2019–20 season
Night Must Fall is a 1937 American film adaptation of the 1935 play by Emlyn Williams, adapted by John Van Druten and directed by Richard Thorpe. It stars Robert Montgomery, Rosalind Russell and Dame May Whitty in her Hollywood film debut at age 72, who earned an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress. She reprised her role in the stage drama in London and New York City. A critical success, Night Must Fall was named the best film of the year by the National Board of Review. Robert Montgomery also received an Oscar nomination for Best Actor in a Leading Role. A 1964 remake starred Albert Finney, although the remake did not do as well as the original.
Plot
Local police drag the river and search the surrounding countryside in a small English village for the body of Mrs. Shellbrook, a flashy blonde who was a guest at the local hotel and has been missing for several days. The authorities question the town folk, including those living in the home of Mrs. Bramson, (Dame May Whitty) an irascible elderly woman who holds court in this small English village. She pretends to need a wheelchair, and impulsively threatens to fire her maid, Dora (Merle Tottenham), for allegedly stealing a chicken and breaking china. Dora distracts Mrs. Bramson by mentioning her Irish boyfriend, Danny (Robert Montgomery), who works at that hotel. Danny comes by to visit Dora, who asks Mrs. Bramson to speak with him. Perceiving that Mrs. Bramson is a hypochondriac who only affects her need for a wheelchair, Danny is charming toward her and says that she reminds him of his mother. He tells Mrs. Bramson that he loves Dora and would marry her if he had a better job. Mrs. Bramson offers him one and he becomes her doting servant.
Mrs. Bramson's niece and companion, Olivia Grayne (Rosalind Russell), is suspicious of Danny, but Mrs. Bramson dismisses her concerns. When Mrs. Bramson's attorney, Justin Laurie (Alan Marshal), arrives to give his client money, he warns her not to keep so much cash in her possession but she dismisses his concerns as well. When Danny arrives with his belongings, he peers through a window and sees Mrs. Bramson putting cash into her safe, but pretends not to notice. Meanwhile, Justin, who is in love with Olivia, asks her to marry him, but she refuses because their relationship lacks any true romance. Justin leaves, feeling dejected. Later that day, Olivia catches Danny lying to Mrs. Bramson about a shawl that allegedly belonged to his mother, as Olivia notices the price tag still attached to the shawl. Even so, she removes the tag so Mrs. Bramson doesn't become aware of it. Olivia, annoyed by Danny at first, comes to feel strangely attracted to him as he challenges her from time to time and even compliments her on occasion.
Dora discovers Mrs. Shellbrook's decapitated body in the forest; her head is still missing. Olivia accuses Danny of the murder, but he denies it. Again, Mrs. Bramson dismisses her niece's concerns as she has grown very fond of Danny. Olivia visits Justin and tells him she's afraid, so he invites her to stay with him and his mother. Olivia first accepts his offer, then moments later declines it, explaining that she is silly for being so fearful.
During the week, locals take tours of the crime scene. Since her house is in the vicinity, Mrs. Bramson becomes a local celebrity, and basks in the attention to Olivia's disgust. A detective questions Danny and searches his room, making him fearful. Olivia feels sympathetic towards Danny so helps him deceive the detective. Meanwhile, the rest of the household does not feel comfortable being in the house while a killer is at large, but Mrs. Bramson feels safe to stay because of Danny.
One night later in the week, Olivia leaves because she's had enough of battling wits with Danny and is afraid with him in the house. She warns Mrs. Bramson not to spend another night there, either. Mrs. Bramson dismisses Olivia as silly, declaring Danny will protect her. The two other servant girls leave for the evening as well. Realizing she is alone, Mrs. Bramson hears noises and becomes frightened. When she screams for Danny, he comes in and calms her down by giving her something to drink, and tries to lull her to sleep. To her shock and horror, Danny suffocates her and empties the safe.
Olivia returns unexpectedly, just as Danny is about to pour kerosene all over the house to set it ablaze. She tells Danny she came back to prove she was right about him, realizing he has murdered her aunt. Danny tells her about his poor childhood, and resenting being looked down upon for being a servant, and states that this is his chance and he is taking it. He tells her he must kill her too, so no one can incriminate him in Mrs. Bramson's murder. Olivia replies she understands he will kill her, but wants him to know she is no longer attracted to him and now sees him for who he really is, a cold-blooded killer. Just as he closes in on Olivia, Justin arrives with the police. He tells her he called them when he could not reach her by phone. They arrest Danny for murder and before they take him away Danny says, "I'll hang in the end, but they'll get their money's worth at the trial." At last, Justin and Olivia embrace.
Cast
Robert Montgomery as Danny
Rosalind Russell as Olivia Grayne
Dame May Whitty as Mrs. Bramson
Alan Marshal as Justin Laurie
Merle Tottenham as Dora Parkoe, the maid
Kathleen Harrison as Emily Terence, the cook
Eily Malyon as Village Nurse
Matthew Boulton as Inspector Belsize
Beryl Mercer as Saleslady
E. E. Clive as Tour Guide
Production
Dame May Whitty, Kathleen Harrison, Merle Tuttenham and Matthew Boulton reprised the roles they originated in the London production. Whitty and Boulton also appeared in the Broadway production.
In an article on TCM.com, Margarita Landazuri reports that Montgomery saw the play in New York and “badgered” Louis B. Mayer into giving him the role. Apparently, the studio was willing to risk a flop in order to get control over Montgomery and his desire for meatier roles. He recalled: “... they okayed my playing in it because they thought the fan reaction to me, in such a role, would humiliate me." The actor also agreed to pay part of the cost of the film.
Reception
The film was a critical but not a financial success. The New York Daily News said Robert Montgomery's performance "lifts the MGM actor out of the lower brackets, where he has slipped because of shoddy material, into an eminent position among the top-notchers of Hollywood players." The newspaper Variety proclaimed that "the appearance of Montgomery in a part which is the antithesis of his pattern may be art, but it's not box office." Louis B. Mayer personally supervised the making of a trailer which preceded the film, warning filmgoers of its "experimental nature."
Writing for Night and Day in 1937, Graham Greene gave the film a poor review, describing it as a "pretentious little murder play [] made [into] a long dim film". Greene comments that the main problem with the film is that it is directed "like an early talky [...] no more than a photographed stage play".
Box office
The film grossed a total (domestic and foreign) of $1,015,000: $550,000 from the US and Canada and $465,000 elsewhere. It made a profit of $40,000.
Accolades
Night Must Fall was named the best film of 1937 by the National Board of Review.
Montgomery was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor and Whitty for Best Supporting Actress.
Home media
The Warner Archive Collection released Night Must Fall on DVD (Region 0 NTSC) on December 14, 2010.
Adaptations
A radio adaptation of Night Must Fall was presented on Philip Morris Playhouse October 24, 1941. Starring Burgess Meredith, Maureen O'Sullivan and Flora Robson, the program has not survived in radio collections.
Night Must Fall was adapted for the July 24, 1944, broadcast of The Screen Guild Theater, starring James Cagney, Rosemary DeCamp and May Whitty.
Robert Montgomery produced, hosted and starred in a CBS Radio adaptation of Night Must Fall on Suspense March 27, 1948. May Whitty, Heather Angel, Richard Ney and Matthew Boulton costarred.
References
External links
1937 films
1930s psychological thriller films
American black-and-white films
American films based on plays
Films directed by Richard Thorpe
Films set in England
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
American psychological thriller films
American mystery thriller films
1930s mystery thriller films
Films scored by Edward Ward (composer)
1930s American films
Iannucci is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Antonio Iannucci (1914–2008), Italian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church
Armando Iannucci (born 1963), Scottish comedian, writer, director, performer, and radio producer
Athan Iannucci (born 1982), professional lacrosse player
Robert Iannucci, computer scientist
Italian-language surnames
Patronymic surnames
Surnames from given names
Bhim Karn (c. 1098 - 1132 CE ) was Nagvanshi king in 12th century. He succeeded Gandharv Rai. The change of title of Nagvanshi kings from Rai to Karn may be due to victory over or alliance with descedant of Lakshmikarna of Kalachuri dynasty.
According to Nag Vanshavali, Bhim Karn had to fight with Haihaiyavansi Raksel of Surguja. Raksel attacked Nagvanshi with 1200 cavalry. But Bhim Karn defeated the Raksel and captured territory up to Barwe and Palamu. He established his rule in Barwe and Tori which is now located in Latehar district. He took away idol of Basu Dev Rai from Raksel kings. The change of title from Rai to Karn may be due to his victory over or alliance with descendants of Lakshmikarna the king of Kalachuris of Tripuri. He shifted his capital which was earlier located at Chutia to Khukhragarh. He made a pond known as Bhim Sagar. In 2009, At Khukhragarh from excavation, archaeological department found the remains of the Nagvanshi dynasty's fort, an ancient temple complex, coins and pottery dating back to 12th century AD.
References
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
12th-century Indian monarchs
Nagpuria people
Lanchester Bay () is a bay wide lying east of Havilland Point, along the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica. Its head is fed by Temple Glacier and Kasabova Glacier.
The bay was photographed by Hunting Aerosurveys Ltd in 1955–57 and mapped from these photos by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey. It was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1960 for Frederick W. Lanchester, an aeronautical engineer who laid the foundations of modern airfoil theory.
References
Bays of Graham Land
Davis Coast
Rodrigo Fernandes da Conceição (born 2 January 2000) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a winger or right-back for Porto.
Club career
Benfica
Born in Porto, Conceição passed through several youth teams before joining Benfica in 2015, aged 15. On 3 November 2018, he made his professional debut with the reserves in a 2018–19 LigaPro match away to Paços de Ferreira, as a substitute for the last 15 minutes of a 1–0 loss in place of Florentino Luís.
Conceição scored his first senior goal on 3 November 2019, opening a 3–1 home loss to Chaves.
Porto
On 27 August 2020, having left Benfica, Conceição signed a three-year deal for Porto, being again assigned to the reserve team. He played 30 times in his first season, scoring to conclude a 4–0 win at Mafra on 29 March 2021 after assisting two other goals. On 22 May, in the last game of the campaign, he was sent off in a 2–1 loss at his previous team and suspended for two games.
Conceição was loaned to Primeira Liga club Moreirense for the season on 22 July 2021. He made his top-flight debut on 15 August in a 2–2 draw at Santa Clara, in which he came on in the 73rd minute for Rúben Ramos and received a red card three minutes later for telling the fourth official to open his eyes; he was banned for a game and fined €842, while maintaining that he was victimised for being from the Conceição family.
International career
Conceição earned 34 caps for Portugal at youth level, scoring five goals. His first appearance was on 4 February 2016 in the under-16 team's 3–3 draw with Germany in Vila Real de Santo António; he scored the equaliser and his team won on penalties. On 3 April, he scored both goals of a win against Switzerland in Póvoa de Varzim as his team finished a local tournament with a 100% record. On 7 September 2018, he was sent off in the under-19 team's 1–0 friendly win away to Italy. He made his debut for the under-21 side in a 9–0 win against Liechtenstein in Vaduz on 7 June 2022.
Personal life
Conceição is the second of five sons born to Portuguese international footballer Sérgio Conceição. All of the first four embarked on football careers, including one also named Sérgio and Francisco.
See also
List of association football families
References
External links
National team data
2000 births
Living people
Footballers from Porto
Portuguese footballers
Portugal youth international footballers
Association football forwards
C.F. Os Belenenses players
Imortal D.C. players
S.C. Olhanense players
Boavista F.C. players
S.L. Benfica B players
FC Porto B players
Moreirense F.C. players
Primeira Liga players
Liga Portugal 2 players
Eucalyptus is a studio album by the post-hardcore band Pitchfork. It was released in 1990 through Nemesis Records and re-released in 2003 by Swami Records. The album is the band's only full-length studio album. It was produced by guitarist John Reis and its artwork was created by singer Rick Froberg, who at the time used the stage name Rick Fork.
The album was originally released as an LP in limited numbers and soon went out of print. In 2003, Reis re-released it in CD format on his record label Swami Records, including the tracks from the band's Saturn Outhouse 7" as well.
Critical reception
Kerrang! wrote that "'Burn Pigs Burn' and 'Placebo' showcase guitarist Reis' intricate yet aggressive approach to his instrument and shaped the sound of post-hardcore." The Chicago Reader wrote that the album "basically sounds like a raw version of Drive Like Jehu." Trouser Press wrote: "On Eucalyptus, Froberg's yowling isn't as deranged and developed as in Jehu, but the map is made. Along with Reis's overdubbed guitars, the sound compares well with the supersonic mania the two went on to compile in their next outfit."
Track listing
"Burn Pigs, Burn"
"Placebo"
"Twitch"
"New Kid"
"Rana (Frogs)"
"Loot"
"Flatland Farming"
"Drop Dead"
"Thin Ice"*
"Goat"*
"Sinking"*
*Tracks 9–11 comprise the Saturn Outhouse 7" and appear on the 2003 CD re-release only.
Personnel
Rick Froberg (aka Rick Fork) – vocals
John Reis – guitar
Nick Frederick – bass (tracks 1-8)
Joey Piro – drums
Don Ankrom – bass (tracks 9-11 on CD re-release)
Album information
Record label: Original release: Nemesis Records, re-release: Swami Records
Recorded 1989 at Radio Tokyo by Richard Andrews and Michael James
All material copyright and published by Pitchfork/Kickin' Bootie 1990.
Mixed at Westbeach by Donnell Cameron, John Reis, Brett Gurewitz and Simon Cheffins.
Produced by John Reis
Re-release remastered by Dave Gardner at Magneto Mastering
Album cover and insert artwork by Rick Froberg
CD disc artwork by Garry Davis
Photos by Miki Vuckovich
References
1990 albums
Pitchfork (band) albums
Swami Records albums
HMAS Vendetta (D69/I69) (formerly HMS Vendetta (FA3/F29/D69)) was a V-class destroyer that served in the Royal Navy and the Royal Australian Navy (RAN). One of 25 V class ships ordered for the Royal Navy during World War I, Vendetta entered service in 1917.
During World War I, Vendetta participated in the Second Battle of Heligoland Bight, and operated against Bolshevik forces during the British Baltic Campaign. Most of the ship's post-war career was spent operating in the Mediterranean. In 1933, Vendetta was one of five destroyers selected for transfer to the RAN. Over the next six years, the ship was either involved in peacetime activities or was in reserve, but when World War II started, she was assigned to the Mediterranean as part of the 'Scrap Iron Flotilla'. During the Greek Campaign, Vendetta was involved in the transportation of Allied troops to Greece, then the evacuation to Crete. After, the destroyer served with the Tobruk Ferry Service, and made the highest number of runs to the besieged city of Tobruk.
At the end of 1941, Vendetta was docked for refit in Singapore, but after the Japanese invaded, the destroyer had to be towed to Fremantle, then Melbourne. After the refit, which converted the destroyer into a dedicated escort vessel, ended in December 1942, Vendetta spent the rest of World War II operating as a troop and convoy escort around Australia and New Guinea. Vendetta was decommissioned in late 1945, and was scuttled off Sydney Heads in 1948.
Design and construction
Vendetta was one of 25 V-class destroyers built for the Royal Navy during World War I. She had a standard load displacement of 1,090 tons, and a deep displacement of 1,490 tons. The destroyer was in length overall and long between perpendiculars, had a beam of , and a maximum draught of . Propulsion machinery consisted of three Yarrow boilers connected to two Brown-Curtis turbines, which supplied to two propeller shafts. Although designed with a maximum speed of , Vendetta achieved during power trials. The ship's company consisted of 6 officers and 113 sailors.
On completion, the ship's main armament consisted of four single QF 4 inch Mk V naval guns. This was supplemented by a quad-barrelled 2-pounder pom-pom, five .303-inch machine guns, and two triple 21-inch torpedo tube sets. Two chutes and four throwers for depth charges were installed later in the ship's career, with a payload of 50 charges carried. When Vendetta was converted into an escort vessel in 1942, her armament was changed to two 4-inch guns, two pom-poms, four 20 mm Oerlikon guns, seven .303-inch guns, and the depth charge equipment.
Vendetta was laid down by the Fairfield Shipbuilding and Engineering Company, Limited, at Govan, Scotland on 25 November 1916. The ship was launched on 3 September 1917. Vendetta was completed on 17 October 1917, and commissioned that day into the Royal Navy. The ship's name came from the concept of vendetta. The original ship's badge depicted a stiletto dagger pointing down at an angle, however, at a point after entering RAN service, the design was modified to include an arm, with the hand around the stiletto's hilt. The ship also acquired the motto "Vindico", Latin for "I Avenge".
Operational history
Royal Navy
After commissioning, Vendetta was assigned to the 13th Destroyer Flotilla. During early November 1917, the destroyer fired on German minesweepers operating in the Kattegat. On 17 November, Vendetta was involved in the Second Battle of Heligoland Bight. On 5 December, the destroyer rescued 430 survivors from after the cruiser hit a mine and sank. In early 1918, Vendetta was assigned to operate against Bolshevik forces in the Baltic; running the destroyer Spartak aground and assisting in the capture of the destroyer Lennuk in separate engagements.
After the end of World War I, Vendetta was initially used to tow captured German ships from Scapa Flow for ship breaking. In 1919, the ship served on the Irish patrol from May to August. During 1923, she operated in the Baltic with the Estonian Navy, then was assigned to the Mediterranean from 1924 until 1933. During 1924, the destroyer served as a patrol ship under the command of Lieutenant-Commander W.N.T. Beckett, protecting British interests during the Jeddah War. In March 1925, Vendetta, still under Beckett's command, escorted the royal yacht Victoria and Albert during a royal tour of the Mediterranean.
Transfer to RAN
In 1933, the British Admiralty decided to replace five S-class destroyers on loan to the RAN with five more capable (but slightly older) destroyers. Vendetta was one of the five ships selected, and was commissioned into the RAN at Portsmouth on 11 October 1933. The ships arrived in Australia at the end of 1933, and Vendetta was placed in reserve on 31 January 1934. She was reactivated on 10 October, and performed routine peacetime duties until 1 June 1938, when she was returned to reserve. On 29 September 1938, with the threat of a new war looming Vendetta was recommissioned. In April 1939, she was given the honour of transporting the body of Prime Minister Joseph Lyons from Sydney to his final resting place in Devonport, Tasmania.
World War II
Following the outbreak of World War II, Vendetta and the other four RAN destroyers were deployed to the Mediterranean in October 1939, where they quickly acquired the nickname 'Scrap Iron Flotilla' from German propagandists. In May 1940, the destroyer docked at Malta for repairs. On 18 August, Vendetta participated in the bombardment of Bardia. From 11 October to 9 November, she was docked at Malta with engine problems. On 3 January 1941, Vendetta was involved in a second bombardment of the Libyan city of Bardia, and following its capture by the Allies, was reassigned to patrols of the Libyan coast.
During March, the ship was involved in Operation Lustre, the transportation of Allied troops and material to reinforce Greece. On 27 March, Vendetta was involved in the Battle of Cape Matapan, where Italian warships attempted to disrupt the Allied troop movements. Vendetta played little part in the battle as engine problems forced the destroyer to first withdraw from the destroyer force to the main battle fleet, then retreat to Alexandria for repairs. The ship returned to duty on 21 April, but the change of Allied fortune in the Greek Campaign forced the withdrawal of most of the troops landed during Lustre, and Vendetta became involved in Operation Demon, the evacuation from Greece to Crete, over the course of April. During May, the destroyer served with the Allied battle fleet of Crete attempting to deny German air superiority during the battle of and evacuation from Crete.
From the end of May to the start of August, Vendettas division was assigned to the Tobruk Ferry Service: supply runs to the Allied forces besieged at Tobruk. During the evening of 10–11 July, Vendetta and the destroyer were returning from a run to Tobruk when the British destroyer was crippled by aerial bomber attacks. Vendetta took on board the soldiers and equipment Defender was carrying, and attempted to tow the ship to Alexandria. On the morning of 11 July, it was decided that salvaging the ship was unachievable, and after taking the crew aboard, Vendetta torpedoed Defender at 11:15. Vendetta performed twenty return voyages to Tobruk: the greatest number by a ship assigned to the supply run. On 20 October, the destroyer concluded service in the Mediterranean, and sailed to Singapore for refit.
After the Japanese commenced air attacks on Singapore on 8 December, Vendettas anti-aircraft weapons were removed and used to supplement the dockyard's defences. On 2 February 1942, the stripped-down vessel was towed from the dockyard by the tug St Just, then over the course of the month was towed by , , then to Fremantle, where she arrived on 3 March. After this, the destroyer had to be towed across the Great Australian Bight to Williamstown Naval Dockyard. Ping Wo started the tow, but only made it to Cape Leeuwin before her engines failed, and a British Phosphate Commission freighter took over, with the corvette escorting. Three towlines were snapped by the weather conditions, and progress at some points was as low as , but the ships arrived in Melbourne on 15 April. After most of the refit was completed at Williamstown, Vendetta sailed on 29 September for Sydney, where work was completed in December.
During the year-long refit, Vendetta had been modified into a dedicated escort vessel, with a reduced main armament and increased anti-aircraft capability. The period between 1943 and 1945 saw the ship involved in convoy escort and transportation duties in Australian and New Guinea waters. The destroyer's wartime service was recognised with seven battle honours: "Libya 1940–41", "Matapan 1941", "Greece 1941", "Crete 1941", "Mediterranean 1941", "Pacific 1941–43", and "New Guinea 1943–44".
Decommissioning and fate
Vendetta arrived in Sydney on 3 October 1945, and was paid off for disposal on 27 November. On 20 March 1946, she was sold to Penguins Propriety Limited for scrapping. After the ship was stripped of all useful material, her hulk was scuttled off Sydney Heads on 2 July 1948.
Citations
References
Further reading
External links
V and W-class destroyers of the Royal Navy
Ships built in Govan
1917 ships
World War I destroyers of the United Kingdom
V and W-class destroyers of the Royal Australian Navy
World War II destroyers of Australia
Scuttled vessels of New South Wales
Maritime incidents in 1948
Pinawa Dam Provincial Park is a provincial park located north of Pinawa, Manitoba, on Hwy 520, overlooking the Pinawa Channel.
It was designated a provincial park by the Government of Manitoba in 1985. The park is in size. The park is considered to be a Class V protected area under the IUCN protected area management categories.
The park is home to such fish species as walleye, northern pike, catfish, and smallmouth bass; and such animals as white-tailed deer, black bear, fox, and otter.
History
Pinawa Dam, which began operating in 1906, was originally built to provide residential and commercial hydroelectric power for the city of Winnipeg.
The dam was closed in 1951 to allow for the Winnipeg River's full flow to enter the Seven Sisters Generating Station. Parts of the dam were later used for demolition practice by the Canadian Armed Forces, and were thereby destroyed.
The Pinawa Dam Provincial Park today includes the ruins of the former dam, through which water flows and forms rapids and waterfalls.
See also
List of Manitoba parks
List of protected areas of Manitoba
References
External links
iNaturalist: Pinawa Dam Provincial Park
eBird: Pinawa Dam Provincial Park
Provincial parks of Manitoba
Pinawa_Dam
Parks in Eastman Region, Manitoba
Protected areas of Manitoba
Béatrice Altariba (born 18 June 1939) is a French actress who was active between 1956 and 1969.
Biography
Born in Marseille, she is the niece of symbolist poet Paul Fort. She started her career in revues and musical theatre, then she made her film debut at 17. Altariba was also active in Italian cinema. Her last French television appearance was in the first episode of the TV series The Aeronauts in 1967.
Partial filmography
Pardonnez nos offenses (1956) - Sassia
Lorsque l'enfant paraît (1956) - Natacha
L'Homme et l'Enfant (1956) - Hélène Mercier
Women's Club (1956) - Dominique
Les violents (1957) - Lisiane Chartrain
L'Ami de la famille (1957) - Sophie
Le Triporteur (1957) - Popeline
Les Misérables (1958) - Cosette
Le temps des oeufs durs (1958) - Lucie Grandvivier
Be Beautiful But Shut Up (1958) - Olga Babitcheff
Le petit prof (1959) - Françoise
Eyes Without a Face (1960) - Paulette
Monsieur Robinson Crusoe (1960) - Popeline
Les pique-assiette (1960) - Laurence
Behind Closed Doors (1961) - La sposina
Three Faces of Sin (1961) - Une invitée au vernissage
A Man Named Rocca (1961) - Maud
Crazy Desire (1962) - Silvana
Totò Diabolicus (1962) - Diana
The Seventh Sword (1962) - Isabella
The Young Racers (1963) - Monique
Hold-up à Saint-Trop''' (1963)
La banda Casaroli (1963) - Ragazza Al Bar
The Four Musketeers' (1963) - Anne d'Autriche
The Gorillas (1964) - Sylvie Danlevent
On Murder Considered as One of the Fine Arts (1964)
Su e giù (1965) - (segment "Questione di principio")
Agent 3S3: Passport to Hell (1965) - Elisa von Sloot
Le caïd de Champignol (1966) - Evelyne
Et la femme créa l'amour (1966) - Anouchka
Darling Caroline (1968) - Une aristocrate chez Belhomme
La Prisonnière (1968) - Une invitée au vernissage (uncredited)
Cemetery Without Crosses (1969) - Saloon Woman (final film role)
References
External links
French film actresses
1939 births
Actresses from Marseille
Living people
French stage actresses
20th-century French actresses
Dağkuzören is a village in the District of Çamlıdere, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çamlıdere District
The East African montane forests are a montane tropical moist forest ecoregion of eastern Africa. The ecoregion comprises several separate areas above 2000 meters in the mountains of South Sudan, Uganda, Kenya, and Tanzania.
Geography
The East African montane forests extend across a total of , in 25 separate enclaves, which range in size from 23,700 to 113 square kilometers. The montane forests extend down to approximately 1000 meters elevation, and as high as 3500 meters. The northernmost enclave is on Mount Kinyeti in the Imatong Mountains of Southern Sudan, extending south through Mount Moroto in eastern Uganda and Mount Elgon on the Kenya-Uganda border. In Kenya and Tanzania, the ecoregion follows the mountains east and west of the Eastern Rift and associated volcanoes, including the Aberdare Range, Mount Kenya, Mount Kulal, Mount Nyiru, Bukkol, and the Nguruman Escarpment in Kenya, and Mount Kilimanjaro, Mount Meru, Ngorongoro, and the Marang forests (Mbulu Highlands and Mount Hanang) in northern Tanzania.
Climate
The climate of the ecoregion is more temperate and seasonal than the surrounding lowlands. Temperatures can fall below 10° C in the coldest months (July and August) and rise above 30° C in the warm season. Temperatures are generally lower at higher elevations, and frosts can occur at the highest elevations.
Average annual rainfall varies between 1,200 and 2,000 mm, with two wet seasons – October to December and March to June – and two dry seasons – January and February and July to October. The climate is more humid than the surrounding lowlands, and with less distinct wet and dry seasons. Rainfall varies from mountain to mountain, with elevation, and with the direction of prevailing winds.
Flora
The ecoregion consists of montane forests, grasslands, and savannas, transitioning to the East African montane moorlands on the highest peaks. The ecoregion is home to the Afromontane flora, which occurs in the mountains of eastern Africa, and is distinct from the lowland flora.
Fauna
There are eight endemic or restricted-range bird species in the ecoregion. The Aberdare cisticola (Cisticola aberdare), Abbott's starling (Cinnyricinclus femoralis), and Kenrick's starling (Poeoptera kenricki) occur on only two or three mountains or mountain ranges in the region. The Hunter's cisticola (Cisticola hunteri), Jackson's francolin (Francolinus jacksoni), and Sharpe's longclaw (Macronyx sharpei) range over most of the mountains in the ecoregion.
Endemic mammals include the shrews Crocidura gracilipes, Crocidura raineyi, Crocidura ultima, Surdisorex norae, and Surdisorex polulus, and the rodents Grammomys gigas, Tachyoryctes annectens, and Tachyoryctes audax.
Limited-range mammals native to the montane forests include Jackson's mongoose (Bdeogale jacksoni), Abbott's duiker (Cephalophus spadix), Zanj sun squirrel (Heliosciurus undulatus), and eastern tree hyrax (Dendrohyrax validus).
There are nine endemic species of reptiles in the ecoregion, including six species of chameleons, most limited to a single mountain or range, and the montane viper (Vipera hindii).
Protected areas
35% of the ecoregion is in protected areas. Protected areas include Aberdare National Park, Mount Kenya National Park, Mount Elgon National Park, Kilimanjaro National Park, Arusha National Park, Kidepo Valley National Park, Kidepo Game Reserve, Pian Upe Wildlife Reserve, Ngorongoro Conservation Area, and Lake Bogoria National Reserve.
Gallery
External links
East African montane forests (DOPA)
References
Afromontane ecoregions
Afromontane forests
Afrotropical ecoregions
African Great Lakes
Ecoregions of Kenya
Ecoregions of South Sudan
Ecoregions of Tanzania
Ecoregions of Uganda
Tropical and subtropical moist broadleaf forests
Confidence-based learning is a system of learning.
History
The confidence-based learning is a culmination of more than 70 years of academic, commercial, and governmental research into the connection between confidence, correctness, retention, and learning. The first academic paper on the subject was written in 1932.
The framework for confidence-based learning is based primarily around the research of Darwin Hunt, Dieudonne LeClerq, Emir Shuford, and James E. Bruno.
See also
References
Pedagogy
Training
Alida created the world's first CXM & Insights Platform. The company is based in Toronto and formerly known as Vision Critical.
Initially it was founded by Andrew Reid in 2000 and worked with customer-obsessed brands around the world.
In 2018, Alida took home a BIG Innovation Award from the Business Intelligence Group. The firm was ranked Canada's 46th-fastest-growing software development company by PROFIT magazine's PROFIT 500 in 2015. Alida has also taken home awards for its work culture, including the 2017 National HR Award, Achievers 50 Most Engaged Workplaces in North America and Canada's Top Employers for Young People. The company was selected as a "Best Overall SaaS Award" winner by APPEALIE for 2020.
History
After going to film school and working with interactive companies, Andrew Reid realized that the research industry was behind in technology and started Vision Critical in 2000.
In 2004, Angus Reid, Andrew Reid's father, joined the company. Wellington Capital, a privately held bridge financing and venture debt fund, invested in Alida in October 2006.
In 2009, Alida won the Forrester Groundswell Award with customer NASCAR for the Official NASCAR Fan Council. And in 2011, the company installed its 500th online community.
The company announced that it raised $20 million in funding from OMERS Ventures, the venture capital investment arm of Canadian pension funds company OMERS, in August 2012. In September of the same year, 'Scott Miller was appointed to group CEO, while Andrew Reid became the Chief Product Officer. Later that year, Alida made the Deloitte Fast 50 for the fifth year in a row.
Alida had about $80 million in revenue in 2012.
On 24 September 2020, the company announced that Vancouver based Vistara Capital Partners made a $20 million investment in them and that the company was rebranded as Alida.
The company has employees globally. Customers include Banana Republic, Discovery and NASCAR.
Business
Alida's products include:
Alida CXM: A platform to empower brands to action customer feedback to constantly foster and deepen brand loyalty and advocacy. Utilizing a configurable rule engine, create and manage cases whilst have complete visibility into key customer experience metrics such as NPS®.
Alida Sparq: Digital insight communities where companies gain feedback from their customers and stakeholders. Enabling brands to uncover customer truths like motivations, preferences, and beliefs are translated into actionable data points used to deliver world-class design and product experiences.
Alida Surveys: An enterprise-grade survey application with all of the functionality you need to build a survey, distribute it, and analyze results in an intuitive interface all while providing an engaging respondent experience on desktop and mobile.
Alida Touchpoint: A mobile-first, cloud-based Microsurvey solution that enables brands to create quick and engaging interactions with their customers to collect context-rich feedback through short, timely, visually appealing interactions across digital customer journeys.
Alida Analytics: A platform designed to give brands end-to-end visibility into critical customer experience metrics with real-time, customizable, role-based, mobile dashboards that visualize their community and survey respondents, and make it easy to monitor key performance indicators in real-time.
The company has won numerous awards, including being named a Gold winner in the Most Customer Friendly Company of the Year category in the Best in Biz Awards 2013 International competition.
References
Canadian companies established in 2000
Software companies established in 2000
Companies based in Toronto
Software companies of Canada
2000 establishments in Ontario
Damian Jan Las (born April 11, 2002) is an American professional soccer player who plays for Austin FC.
Club career
Fulham
On September 11, 2019, it was announced that Las would join Fulham from the academy of MLS team Chicago Fire FC.
Loan to North Carolina FC
On April 21, 2021, Las joined USL League One side North Carolina FC on loan ahead of their 2021 season. He made his debut on June 5, 2021, in a 2–1 loss vs. Fort Lauderdale CF. His first clean sheet came in a goalless draw vs. Tormenta FC on July 3, 2021. In August, his loan ended and he returned to Fulham.
Return to Fulham
On November 19, 2021, Las made his debut for Fulham's under-23 team in a Premier League 2 match vs. Stoke City. On November 24, Las made his first appearance in a matchday squad for Fulham, but was an unused substitute in a 0-0 draw vs. Derby County.
Austin FC
On January 25, 2022, Las moved to Major League Soccer side Austin FC, who acquired his homegrown rights from Chicago Fire.
International career
Las played five matches for the United States under-17 team at the 2019 CONCACAF U-17 Championship, and kept three clean sheets in the process.
References
External links
Profile at ussoccer.com
Living people
2002 births
American soccer players
United States men's youth international soccer players
Association football goalkeepers
Fulham F.C. players
North Carolina FC players
Austin FC players
USL League One player
American expatriate soccer players
American expatriate sportspeople in England
Expatriate footballers in England
American people of Polish descent
Soccer players from Illinois
People from Norridge, Illinois
Homegrown Players (MLS)
Wyoming Highway 371 (WYO 371) is a north-south Wyoming State Road in Sweetwater County that provides travel to the old coal mining town of Superior.
Route description
Wyoming Highway 371 begins its southern end at exit 122 of Interstate 80/U.S. Route 30 south of Superior. From there, WYO 371 travels north and passes through the town of Superior between Mileposts 6.78 and 7.16. Not long after, Wyoming Highway 371 ends after 7.3 miles at Upper Superior Road.
Major intersections
References
External links
Wyoming State Routes 300-399
Wyoming Highway 371
Superior, WY - Ghosttowns.com
Transportation in Sweetwater County, Wyoming
371
XEphem is a Motif based ephemeris and planetarium program for Unix-like operating systems developed by Elwood C. Downey.
History
XEphem started as a Unix and Motif conversion of the IBM PC-based . It was initially released in December 1993 with version 2.5. Its commercial edition was discontinued in 2016; the free version continued to be offered as proprietary software. In 2021, however, Downey relicensed XEphem's source code under the MIT License, raising the release version from 3.7.7 to 4.0.0 to highlight the change.
Algorithms and models
XEphem uses
The VSOP87D planetary theory (full and reduced precision) for Solar System ephemeris,
Approximation to DE200 for the outer planets and Pluto, and
Formulae from J. Meeus (1982) for Jovian and Saturnian natural satellites
Model by the Bureau des Longitudes for Martian and Uranian natural satellites
and includes
About 452 million stars from both the Tycho-2 Catalogue and a magnitude limited subset of the Guide Star Catalog II,
About 1 million deep sky objects mainly from a subset of HYPERLEDA,
About 288,000 minor planets and comets orbital elements from the IAU Minor Planet Center and Lowell Observatory (that can be updated),
and other specialized catalogs. It also includes the Digital Lunar Orbiter Photographic Atlas of the Moon. XEphem is a client for Internet data sources such as the Digitized Sky Survey, Solar and Heliospheric Observatory, AAVSO light curves, and global temperature and cloud coverage. Through the Instrument Neutral Distributed Interface, XEphem can control some models of amateur telescopes, such as by Meade, Celestron, and Vixen, and auxiliary telescope components.
Catalogs
While the free version of XEphem only includes a subset of the SKYMAP Master Catalog and the Messier Catalog, the internal format of the remaining catalogs can be inferred from the source code, and e.g. the internal binary Tycho-2 catalog can be generated from the original data. This is also possible for the non-stellar catalogs in the ASCII .edb format, such as for HYPERLEDA.
XEphem can also read several astrometric catalogs in their original formats:
GSC 1.2 and GSC-ACT
USNO A/SA 1.0/2.0
UCAC2
Numerical routines are used in PyEphem with permission of Elwood Downey.
See also
C2A
Cartes du Ciel
Celestia
Digital Universe Atlas
Google Mars
Google Moon
Google Sky
Hallo Northern Sky (HN Sky)
KStars
NASA World Wind
RedShift
Starry Night
Stellarium
TheSky
Universe Sandbox
WinStars
WorldWide Telescope
References
External links
|
Free astronomy software
Planetarium software for Linux
Science software for macOS
The name Concert Mayol refers to a former cabaret situated at 10 in the 10th arrondissement of Paris.
Opened on the site of the former convent of the Filles-Dieu by MM. Valentin Fournier under the name Concert parisien, this café-chantant was an important venue to perform in for the artists of that period: Paulus in 1882 (direction Musleck) then, from 1894 under the direction of Dorfeuil, Yvette Guilbert, Dranem, Max Dearly, etc. It is the place where Félix Mayol made his Parisian debut 1 May 1895. The entrance was then at 37 rue du Faubourg-Saint-Denis.
Once he had become famous, Mayol acquired the establishment in 1909 and gave it the name Concert Mayol. Having moved the main entrance rue de l'Échiquier, he produced shows of which he was the star and in turn launched young artists including , Maurice Chevalier and Raimu.
In 1914 he gave away the management to who dedicated the venue to music-hall in setting up, in collaboration with , extravaganza shows. Gina Palerme, Marie Dubas, Lucienne Boyer, , , Fernandel, Parisys and many other French artists performed in that venue. In 1933 succeeded him and, after renovation, created an operetta that enjoyed great success. In 1934, André Denis and Paul Lefebvre specialized in "nude" reviews. After World War II, it did not find its audience back and vegetated in presenting strip-tease shows until it definitively closed down in 1976.
See also
List of former or demolished entertainment venues in Paris
Sources
Félix Mayol, Mémoires (souvenirs racontés à Charles Cluny), Louis Querelle, Paris, 1929
André Sallé, Philippe Chauveau, Music-hall et Café-concert, Bordas, Paris, 1985.
François Caradec, Alain Weill, Le Café-concert (1848-1914), Fayard, Paris, 2007
Former theatres in Paris
Cabarets in Paris
Theatres in the 10th arrondissement of Paris
The Japan Le Mans Challenge was a series of endurance races held in Japan, for motor racing cars, following the style of the famous Le Mans 24 Hours endurance race held every year in France.
The 2006 Japan Le Mans Challenge season was the first ever season for the Japan Le Mans Challenge, a series created by SERO, and run under sanctioning from the ACO, to follow 24 Hours of Le Mans rules.
It began May 14, 2006, and ended October 29, 2006 after only three races.
For the 2006 series, three different Japanese motor racing circuits were used.
Four different categories of racing cars were permitted ; LMP1, LMP2, GT1, and GT2.
The 2007 series was not deemed to be a success, and the series was cancelled afterwards.
2006 Pre-season
In the buildup to the first season of JLMC, it was apparent from the start that unlike the Le Mans Series in Europe, JLMC would not start off with great success.
A lack of commitment from major Japanese teams, especially those involved in Super GT, meant that the entry list for the season was small.
An official pre-season test at Sportsland Sugo saw only 8 cars showing up. Even with this, more teams promised to eventually make it to the JLMC grid, including Team Goh, who had earned fame when they won the 2005 24 Hours of Le Mans with the conquering Audi R8.
However, of the teams that did show up, few had quality machinery. The entire LMP2 class was small sportscars that did not actually fit LMP2 regulations. LMP1 was able to boast some machinery that fit LMP rules with a Zytek 05S while there was promise of a new Courage LC70 for Mugen Motorsports on the way as the season went on.
GT classes was made up of a large amount of machinery from Super GT, with an ex-Prodrive Ferrari 550-GTS and JLOC's Super GT Lamborghini Murcielago RG-1 joined by a privateer Mosler MT900R in GT1.
GT2 was also only able to claim a few competitive entries, with some two Porsche 911 GT3s being mixed with a privateer car that did not fully reach ACO GT2 specs.
These competitors allowed for the entry list of a mere 12 competitors for the first round at Sportsland Sugo.
Schedule
Season results
Overall winner in bold.
Drivers' Championship
LMP1 standings
LMP2 standings
GT1 standings
GT2 standings
Teams' Championship
Points are awarded to finishers based on how many cars were entered in each class. For classes with a lower car count, the top five were awarded points in the order of 5-4-3-2-1. Classes with more entries were awarded points for the top eight in the order of 10-8-6-5-4-3-2-1.
Only the top finishing car in a team scores points towards the championship.
LMP1 standings
LMP2 standings
GT1 standings
GT2 standings
External links
JLMC Official Website (English)
JLMC Points Standings
World Sports Racing Prototypes – Results
Japan Le Mans Challenge
Le Mans Challenge
Nataniel de Jesus Reis (born 25 March 1995), also known as Nataniel Reis, is an East Timorese football player who currently plays for Timor-Leste national football team.
International career
Reis made his senior international debut against Mongolia national football team in the second-leg 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification (AFC) on 17 March 2015.
International goals
Scores and results list East Timor's goal tally first.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
East Timorese footballers
Timor-Leste international footballers
Association football midfielders
Footballers at the 2014 Asian Games
Footballers at the 2018 Asian Games
Competitors at the 2017 Southeast Asian Games
Asian Games competitors for East Timor
Southeast Asian Games competitors for East Timor
Colin Francis Holt (27 April 1934 – 3 November 2018) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Richmond in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
On 3 November 2018, Holt died aged 84.
Notes
External links
Colin Holt's profile at Blueseum
1934 births
2018 deaths
Carlton Football Club players
Richmond Football Club players
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Brunswick Football Club players
The How Houses are a trio of Federal period houses on adjacent lots facing Danforth and Pleasant Streets in Portland, Maine. Built between 1799 and 1818, they are a surviving reminder of how the surrounding area was once developed; they are now surrounded by more modern commercial properties. They were listed as a group on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980; the Daniel How House was separately listed in 1973.
Description and history
The first of the How houses to be built is the Daniel How House at 23 Danforth Street. Built in 1799, it is a -story brick building, trimmed with granite, and featuring a Doric entrance portico. It was built by Daniel How, a native of Methuen, Massachusetts, on land belonging to his father-in-law. The second house, that of Daniel's son John, was built by Daniel as a wedding present for his son in 1817. It stands at 40 Pleasant Street, and has similar Federal styling to the father's house. Its entrance is recessed in an archway, with sidelight and fanlight transom windows. The third house, a double house at 30-32 Pleasant Street, was built in 1818 by Daniel's brother Joseph. It is three stories in height, built of brick with granite trim like the others, and has entrances styled similar to those of John's house.
At the time Daniel How built his house, it directly overlooked the waterfront and Casco Bay to the northeast, and Commercial Street, which parallels Danforth on the waterfront, did not exist. The properties have in the intervening years been hemmed in by later commercial development, but are a well-preserved reminder of the area's early 19th-century appearance.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Portland, Maine
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Maine
Federal architecture in Maine
Houses completed in 1799
Houses in Portland, Maine
National Register of Historic Places in Portland, Maine
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Maine
Cao Dewang (; born May 1946), also known as Cho Tak Wong or Tak Wong Cho, is a Chinese entrepreneur. He is the chairman of Fuyao Group, one of the largest glass manufacturers in the world. He is also a member of the Chinese People's Consultative Conference from Fujian, and chairman of both the China Automobile Glass Association and the Fujian Golf Players' Association.
Early life
Cao was born in 1946 in Fuqing into a wealthy Fujianese family.
Business career
In 1983, while working as a sales manager in a glass factory which produced glass for water meters, Cao saved enough money to buy out the factory. In 1985, he saw Japanese automakers bringing their manufacturing to China, and as a result, Cao directed his factory to begin producing automotive glass. In 1987, he established the Fuyao Group and in 1993 the company was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange.
In 2009, Cao was named Ernst & Young World Entrepreneur Of The Year.
His brother Cao Degan was the vice governor of Fujian province from 1998 to 2003.
In March 2005, his son took over Fuyao Group as the chief executive, while Cao retains the chairmanship. In the 2019 documentary American Factory, Cao is followed as he tours his new American addition to Fuyao. While overseeing the growth of his company in America, Cao leads fellow native Chinese to help grow the company in America. Nearly 200 workers moved to America leaving their lives behind to help grow Fuyao. Upon the new American factory opening, American workers pushed to unionize the factory claiming unsafe work conditions and unfair pay.
Philanthropy
Cao is one of China's biggest philanthropists. He cites Andrew Carnegie, an American industrialist and philanthropist, as one of the main inspirations behind his charity work. He established the Heren Foundation, to which he has donated 300 million shares of his company. In 2012, he donated US$580 million to charity. He is quoted as saying that the more money he gives away, the less need he has for the money. He would rather share with others and educate children.
Personal life
Cao is a devout Buddhist. He authored an autobiography titled A Heart like Bodhi () which was published in 2014. He is married to Chen Fengying, with whom he has three children; Cao Hui, Cao Yanping, and Cao Daiteng.
References
1946 births
Living people
Businesspeople from Fuzhou
Billionaires from Shanghai
People from Fuqing
Chinese company founders
Businesspeople from Shanghai
Billionaires from Fujian
Members of the 12th Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference
The Washington Cemetery is a historic rural cemetery on the outskirts of the city of Washington Court House in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of Ohio. Established in the mid-19th century, the cemetery was transformed from a typical cemetery into a masterpiece of design during its first several decades. It is the burial place of several prominent political figures, and elements of its design have caused it to be designated a historic site.
Establishment
The cemetery was platted in 1856 by several eminent citizens, including Judge Daniel McLain, who had previously owned the land. Although its original boundaries encompassed , the area was soon tripled. As soon as the cemetery was properly organized in a legal fashion, it was devised to the city and to Union Township. Colonel Samuel N. Yeoman, a former forty-niner and Civil War veteran, established the cemetery; he participated in planning its layout and served as its first president. Under the leadership of superintendents W.B. Ely, James Holmes, and George Gossard, the cemetery was converted from an ordinary burial ground into a garden cemetery of a sort little seen in Ohio except in the large cities. Some of the leading components of its design are the winding driveways, artificial lakes, rare shrubs and trees, and a fountain that was placed in 1892. Two of the most prominent buildings in the cemetery are its mausoleum (originally known as the "Washington Memorial") and its chapel (originally the "Doctor Judy Memorial"; now known as the "Judy Chapel"), which were constructed in 1914 and 1905 respectively.
Later history
In 1903, local residents began planning a streetcar line for the city, with the cemetery to be the terminus; although rails and other resources were purchased, the concept was ultimately abandoned without anything having been built. As the twentieth century passed, the cemetery fell into disarray; money was saved by filling in a lake, and the fountain and chapel deteriorated. Under the leadership of the garden clubs of Fayette County, Judy Chapel and the fountain were restored in 1997 and the early 2000s respectively. The chapel was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998, and the entire cemetery followed it eight years later; it was designated the "Washington Cemetery Historic District." This designation was unusual, for both religious properties and cemeteries are generally ineligible for the National Register and must pass higher standards than most other properties to be eligible for inclusion.
Notable burials
Two U.S. Representatives are buried at Washington Cemetery: Mills Gardner (died 1910) and James D. Post (died 1921), as well as Harry M. Daugherty, who served as United States Attorney General during the presidencies of Warren G. Harding and Calvin Coolidge in the 1920s.
References
Buildings and structures completed in 1905
1905 establishments in Ohio
Buildings and structures in Fayette County, Ohio
Cemeteries in Fayette County, Ohio
Geography of Fayette County, Ohio
Gothic Revival church buildings in Ohio
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Ohio
National Register of Historic Places in Fayette County, Ohio
U.S. Route 22
Washington Court House, Ohio
Sing a Song can refer to:
Sing a Song (album), a 1978 album by Phyllis Hyman, and the title track
"Sing a Song" (Earth, Wind & Fire song), a 1975 song by Earth, Wind & Fire
"Sing a Song" (Third Day song), a 2003 song by Third Day
"Sing a Song", a 2004 Japanese song from the album Chobits Character Song Collection
"Sing" (Joe Raposo song), a 1972 song written for Sesame Street and popularized by the Carpenters, sometimes referred to as "Sing a Song"
See also
"Sing a Song of Sixpence"
"Sing a Simple Song"
The Fijian records in swimming are the fastest ever performances of swimmers from Fiji, which are recognised and ratified by Fiji Swimming.
All records were set in finals unless noted otherwise.
Long Course (50 m)
Men
Women
Mixed relay
Short Course (25 m)
Men
Women
References
General
Fijian Long Course records 20 January 2021 updated
Fijian Short Course records 20 January 2021 updated
Specific
External links
Fiji Swimming website
Fiji
Records
Swimming
swimming
Tallinn Chamber Orchestra (TCO, ) is a chamber orchestra located in Tallinn, the capital city of Estonia.
The orchestra was established in 1993 by the conductor Tõnu Kaljuste. The orchestra's music is mainly distributed by ECM Records, but also through other labels. The orchestra has performed in Argentina, Brazil, Canada, Japan, United States, and around Europe. They have performed at many music festivals, including the Bremen Music Festival, Budapest Autumn Festival, Torino Settembre Musical, and Tuusulanjärvi Festival.
During 2013–2019, the chief conductor of the orchestra was Risto Joost. From 2019, the chief conductor has again been Tõnu Kaljuste. Conductors who have worked with the orchestra include, internationally, Jaakko Kuusisto, Daniel Raiskin, John Storgårds, Richard Tognetti, Terje Tønnesen, and Valentin Zhuk. Estonian conductors of the orchestra include Jüri Alperten, Olari Elts, Kristjan Järvi, Risto Joost, Paul Mägi, Andres Mustonen, Vello Pähn, and Arvo Volmer.
In 2013, the orchestra was awarded the Estonian Music Council Prize. In 2014, Tõnu Kaljuste (as the conductor of orchestra) was given the Grammy Award for Arvo Pärt's "Adam's Lament".
References
External links
1993 establishments in Estonia
Musical groups established in 1993
Estonian musical groups
Chamber orchestras
Organizations based in Tallinn
Music in Tallinn
The Way Too Cool 50K Endurance Run is an annual ultramarathon run in the Sierra Nevada, that starts and ends in the town of Cool.
The race takes place in early March, and was first held in 1990.
Course
Most of the course is held on single-track trails and fire roads. The race course follows sections of the Western States Trail Ride route, in the Sierra Nevada within El Dorado County and Placer County.
The course has greater than of vertical elevation change along its length.
Participation
Registration opens in the beginning of December and runners are selected by lottery.
The race has a high completion rate greater than 95%.
References
External links
Way Too Cool 50K webpage
Way Too Cool 50K homepage
Ultramarathons in California
Tourist attractions in El Dorado County, California
Tourist attractions in Placer County, California
Recurring sporting events established in 1990
1990 establishments in California
Alice Street is a street in the Brisbane CBD, Queensland, Australia. It is the most southern major road in the city's central business district, running parallel to the other female-named streets in the city. It was named after Princess Alice of the United Kingdom.
Geography
In a pocket of land between a curve of the Brisbane River and Alice Street is the City Botanic Gardens and Parliament House. Access to the Gardens Point QUT campus and the Riverside Expressway is provided at the western end of the street.
The male-named streets from William Street to Edward Street end at intersections with Alice Street.
History
Alice Street is one of the earliest streets in Brisbane.
Brisbane Ferries operated from the eastern end as early as the 1860s.
Heritage listings
Alice Street has a number of heritage-listed sites, including:
69 Alice Street: Parliament House
147 Alice Street: City Botanic Gardens
210 Alice Street: Britannia Foundry
2 Edward Street: Old Mineral House (corner of Alice Street)
Sections of Albert St, George St, William St, North Quay, Queen's Wharf Rd,: Early Streets of Brisbane
Major intersections
Riverside Expressway
William Street
George Street
Albert Street
Edward Street
See also
References
External links
Streets in Brisbane
Brisbane central business district
Brian Plante (born 1956) is an American science fiction writer. As of 2007, he had published 49 short stories. Analog magazine has published 16 of his stories and most of the recent ones. Plante has written several sarcastic essays on writing, including the "Chronicles of the Garden Valley Writers," an account of dynamics in a fiction writer criticism group. His non-fiction has appeared in Manifest Destiny, Fantastic Collectibles, and from 1995 to 1998 as a monthly column in The New Jersey Graveline.
Honors and awards
Plante was a 1995 Writers of the Future finalist.
"Lavender In Love", originally published in the February 2003 issue of Analog, won the AnLab (Analog readers poll) award for best short story of 2003. Planet's "The Astronaut", published in May 2007, won him the 2008 Anlab award for best short story of 2007.
His 1998 story "Drawn Words" was on the preliminary ballot for the 1999 Nebula Award. Several of his other stories have earned "honorable mention" honors in Gardner Dozois' The Year's Best Science Fiction collections.
References
External links
Brain Planet, the website of Brian Plante
1956 births
Living people
American science fiction writers
American short story writers
People from Staten Island
Writers from New York City
American male short story writers
American male novelists
Novelists from New York (state)
Puerto Umbria is a settlement in Villagarzón Municipality, Putumayo Department Department in Colombia.
Climate
Puerto Umbria has a tropical rainforest climate (Af) with heavy to very heavy rainfall year-round.
References
Populated places in the Putumayo Department
The Konsh Valley is located on the extreme northern borders of the Mansehra district of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. The town of Battal is considered to be the headquarters of the valley. The Silk Route, also known as the Karakoram highway, passes through it leading to Gilgit. Towns, like Battal, and structures in the area, were severely damaged by the 2005 Kashmir earthquake. Konsh Valley, located in northwest Mansehra, like many other areas in the district, suffered severe damage. However, it has not received adequate attention compared to the other affected valleys in Mansehra.
Konsh Valley has a total area of 23500 hectares. The altitude varies from 1067 meters at Ichhrian to 2911 meters at Bahishti Sar. The valley is inhabited by more than 76,000 people, made up of three main trips: Sayyed, Sawati and Gujars, reside in the area. Union Councils (UCs) are the main units of administration and have elected memberships. Maintenance of law and order and revenue collection are the major functions of the district government. Line agencies are represented at the district level and below.
Livelihoods in Konsh are based primarily on livestock, rangelands and forest, and off-farm incomes. An average household keeps one or two buffalos, cows/oxen, some goats and sheep. Livestock provide milk products and animal draft power, and also serve as a form of savings. The fodder shortage is highest between January and April. The average farm is small and income from crop production is secondary to most households. Maize is the predominant crop. Wheat and potatoes are also grown, and some vegetables, where water is not a constraint. Most of the fields are terraced, but cropping on un-terraced slopes is also common, and causes accelerated soil erosion. There is potential for increased production of off season vegetables, fruits and fodder crops.
The earthquake has had multiple effects on livelihoods, and subsequent aftershocks, torrential rains, flooding and mudslides compounded the impact. The initial focus on relief and rebuilding rendered all economic activity to a minimum. Men were reluctant to leave their wives and daughters alone in camps while they found work, and migrant casual labourers returned home to assist families. Those who rely on remittances are buffering the impact. In addition, village shopkeepers have not only stopped providing credit, they have also been unable to provide food and non-food items. Poor and very poor households, typically reliant on local shopkeepers, have suffered immensely.
External links
Valleys of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa
Zofia Dmuszewska (1785–1807) was a Polish stage actor and opera singer.
She was born to the actor August Petrascha and married in 1805 to her colleague Louis Adam Dmuszewski. She was engaged at the National Theatre, Warsaw, from 1801 until 1807, where she became hugely popular and referred to as the greatest opera female star in Poland of her generation. She was active as an actor as well as an opera singer which was common at the time, and she is described as a capable actor, but it was as an opera singer she became most famed. She performed to Napoleon I in 1807.
References
19th-century Polish actresses
1807 deaths
19th-century Polish women opera singers
1785 births
was a kabuki play of the Kabuki Jūhachiban, first performed in 1699. It is no longer extant.
Uwanari-uchi
was a marital custom dating back to the Heian period. As marriage was not clearly defined, no ceremony took place that marked the status of a woman as a 'wife', although men would often join the households of their wives and receive material support. This relationship did not preclude the man from visiting other women - in these instances, the first wife was referred to as konami and the second wife was the , derived from the Japanese word given the metaphorical image of the second wife disturbing the tranquility of the first relationship like a ripple. Custom therefore allowed the first wife to vent her anger on the second wife for stealing her husband's affections, usually in the form of attacking her house. Uwanari-uchi persisted until the early sixteenth century as a socially acceptable custom.
See also
Ōko Uwanari-uchi no Zu, an ukiyo-e by Utagawa Hiroshige
References
1699 plays
Kabuki plays
The 6th Sarasaviya Awards festival (Sinhala: 6වැනි සරසවිය සම්මාන උලෙළ), presented by the Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Limited, was held to honor the best films of 1968 Sinhala cinema on March 26, 1969, at the Women's school premises, Colombo, Sri Lanka. Governor William Gopallawa was the chief guest at the awards night.
The film Golu Hadawatha won the most awards with four including Best Film.
Awards
References
Sarasaviya Awards
1979 film awards
Sarasaviya
Sarasaviya
Yevgeni Nikolayevich Toloknov (; born 28 January 1978) is a former Russian professional footballer.
Club career
He made his professional debut in the Russian Third Division in 1995 for FC Spartak-d Moscow.
Honours
Russian Premier League champion: 1996.
References
1978 births
Footballers from Moscow
Living people
Russian footballers
Association football midfielders
FC Spartak Moscow players
FC Oryol players
Russian Premier League players
FC Spartak-2 Moscow players
Lysychanskyi () is a settlement in Sievierodonetsk Raion (district) in Luhansk Oblast of eastern Ukraine.
Until 18 July 2020, Lysychanskyi was located in Popasna Raion. The municipality was abolished that day as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine and the number of raions of Luhansk Oblast was reduced to eight, of which only four were controlled by the government. Popasna Raion was merged into Sievierodonetsk Raion.
References
Villages in Luhansk Oblast
The 2012 SaskTel Tankard was held February 1–5 at the Assiniboia Curling Club in Assiniboia, Saskatchewan. The winning team of Scott Manners, will represent Saskatchewan at the 2012 Tim Hortons Brier in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan.
Teams
Draw brackets
A Event
B Event
C Event
Playoffs
A vs. B
February 4, 7:00pm
C1 vs. C2
February 4, 7:00pm
Semi-Final
February 5, 9:30am
Final
February 5, 2:00pm
References
SakTel Tankard
SaskTel Tankard
"Afraid of Heights" is the first single by Billy Talent from their fifth studio album of the same name. It was released on May 12, 2016. The song was released first for radio play on 102.1 The Edge, followed by an exclusive stream through Alternative Press, followed by a wide release on YouTube, iTunes, Spotify and other digital retailers, a day later, on May 13, at midnight.
An official lyric video for the song was released through the band's official YouTube channel on June 15, 2016. The lyric video was designed and animated by Peter J. Arvidsson.
The band debuted the song live on May 29, 2016, during their performance at the Anabuk Festival in Moscow, Russia, the band's first tour date of 2016. During the same performance, the band debuted two other new songs: "Louder Than the DJ" and "Big Red Gun", which were not officially released at that point.
Chart performance
In 2016, "Afraid of Heights" peaked at #1 on the Billboard Canada Rock chart.
References
External links
Billy Talent songs
2016 songs
Sybra bicristipennis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Breuning in 1961.
References
bicristipennis
Beetles described in 1961
Kalle Karlsson of Jularbo (Swedish: Kalle Karlsson från Jularbo) is a 1952 Swedish musical drama film directed by Ivar Johansson and starring Kenne Fant, Rut Holm and Ingrid Thulin. It is a biopic loosely based on the life and music of the accordion player Carl Jularbo. It was shot at the Centrumateljéerna Studios in Stockholm. The film's sets were designed by the art director P.A. Lundgren.
Cast
Jan-Olof Lindstedt as Kalle, lillpojken
Ola Lendahl as Kalle, mellanpojken
Kenne Fant as Kalle, från 17 år
Ivar Hallbäck as Alfred Karlsson, Kalles far
Rut Holm as Selma, Alfreds hustru, Kalles mor
Britt-Marie Janssonas Inger, lillflickan
Kerstin Dunér as Inger, stora tösen
Ingrid Thulin as Elsa
Stig Järrel as Direktör Andersson
Ingrid Backlin as Hans fru
Alf Östlundas Biografförevisaren
Arne Källerud as En impressario
Arthur Fischer as En annan dito
Gustaf Lövås as Rallar-Svante
Torgny Anderberg as Accordion Player
Astrid Bodin as Mrs. Bodell
Helga Brofeldt as Peasant Woman
Harald Emanuelsson as Värmlänning
Siegfried Fischer as Concert Arranger
Gustaf Färingborg as Lumberjack
Eric Gustafson as Pettersson
Sten Hedlund as Kompanichef
Gösta Holmström as Martin Fors
Stig Johanson as Fjutt-Pelle
Arne Lindblad as Sundberg
Martin Ljung as Frans Lundgren, Accordion Player
Adèle Lundvall as Bondpiga
Bellan Roos as Lill-Stina
Sigyn Sahlin as Söt Bondpiga
Georg Skarstedt as Provryttare
Carl Skylling as Ole Gruttum
References
Bibliography
Qvist, Per Olov & von Bagh, Peter. Guide to the Cinema of Sweden and Finland. Greenwood Publishing Group, 2000.
External links
1952 films
Swedish drama films
1952 drama films
1950s Swedish-language films
Films directed by Ivar Johansson
Swedish black-and-white films
Films set in Sweden
1950s Swedish films
Caoyang Road () is an interchange station between lines 3, 4, 11 and 14 of the Shanghai Metro, and is located in Putuo District.
The station opened on 26 December 2000 as part of the initial section of Line 3 from to , and Line 4 service began here on the final day of 2005. The interchange with Line 11 opened along with the first section of that line from to . The interchange wit Line 14 opened along with the Line on 30 Dec. 2021, which is the vertual interchange.
Station layout (Lines 3, 4 and 11)
Station layout (Line 14)
Gallery
References
Line 3, Shanghai Metro
Line 4, Shanghai Metro
Line 11, Shanghai Metro
Shanghai Metro stations in Putuo District
Railway stations in China opened in 2000
Railway stations in Shanghai
Line 14, Shanghai Metro
Ambri, Inc. is an American startup company which aims to produce molten-salt batteries for energy storage in wind and solar power systems. In 2016 it had thirty-seven employees.
History
The Liquid Metal Battery Corporation was formed in 2010 to commercialize the liquid-metal battery technology invented by Professor Donald Sadoway and Dr. David Bradwell at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. It was renamed Ambri in 2012. In 2012 and 2014, it received $40 million in funding from Bill Gates, Khosla Ventures, Total S.A., and GVB.
In September 2015 the company deferred plans for commercial sales of its batteries, and laid off a quarter of its workforce. In 2016 it hoped to develop a calcium-antimony battery.
In 2020, Ambri signed a contract with TerraScale to deliver a 250 MWh energy storage installation for a data center to be built in Churchill County, Nevada near Fernley.
In 2021, Reliance Industries announced that one of its subsidiaries along with Bill Gates and others, would invest $144 million in Ambri. Reliance is also in talks with Ambri to set up manufacturing and distribution facility in India.
See also
Liquid Metal Batteries
References
2010 establishments in Massachusetts
American companies established in 2010
Electronics companies of the United States
Technology companies based in Massachusetts
Privately held companies based in Massachusetts
Battery manufacturers
Energy companies established in 2010
Marlborough, Massachusetts
KIMT (channel 3) is a television station licensed to Mason City, Iowa, United States, serving North Central Iowa and Southeast Minnesota as an affiliate of CBS and MyNetworkTV. Owned by Allen Media Broadcasting, the station maintains studios on North Pennsylvania Avenue in downtown Mason City, with a news bureau on Highway 52 North in Rochester, Minnesota, and a sales office on East William Street in downtown Albert Lea, Minnesota. Its transmitter is located near Meyer, Iowa (between Stacyville and McIntire) south of the Minnesota state line.
History
The station signed on for the first time on May 15, 1954, as KGLO-TV, owned by Lee Enterprises along with the Globe Gazette and KGLO radio (AM 1300 and FM 101.1). On the station's first day, reception of its analog signal on VHF channel 3 was reported as far away as Gary, Indiana. The original effective radiated power of 100,000 watts was the maximum amount permitted on the heritage allotment. It was affiliated with CBS owing to its radio sister's long affiliation with CBS Radio, but also carried a secondary relation with DuMont until 1956, when that network ceased operations.
In August 1977, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) ruled that one company could not own all the media outlets in a city, forcing Lee Enterprises to break up its cluster in Mason City. As a result, KGLO radio was sold to BY Communications in 1977 and the television station was renamed KIMT (standing for "Iowa Minnesota Television"). In 1980, it was sold to the Shott family of Bluefield, West Virginia, and their Daily Telegraph Printing Company. However, in 1984, they sold KIMT and WBTW in Florence, South Carolina, to Spartan Radiocasting Company (later to become Spartan Communications).
Early in the morning on June 27, 1995, KIMT news anchor Jodi Huisentruit was abducted outside her apartment while on her way to work. She has not been found and the case remains unsolved to this day.
Spartan merged with Media General in 2000. KIMT's digital signal on UHF channel 42 launched in May 2002 and added high definition capabilities from the network during that summer. KIMT celebrated its 50th anniversary on May 15, 2004, with flashbacks and other special programming. On October 18, 2018, KIMT moved to channel 24 as part of the FCC repack.
On April 6, 2006, Media General announced it would sell KIMT as part of the company's acquisition of four NBC owned-and-operated stations. On August 2, New Vision Television made public it had bought KIMT and sister station WIAT in Birmingham, Alabama, for $35 million. That company's acquisition of the two outlets was finalized on October 12, 2006. As part of the analog to digital transition in 2009, the station opted to keep its analog channel on-air until the revised June 12 deadline. After the transition (which occurred at 12:12 p.m.), KIMT planned to continue using digital channel 42 and filed paperwork with the FCC to eventually increase that signal's output power from 200 to 800 kW which would more effectively fill its coverage footprint.
On May 7, 2012, LIN TV Corporation announced that it would acquire the New Vision Television station group, including KIMT, for $330.4 million and the assumption of $12 million in debt. On October 2, the FCC approved the proposed sale to LIN TV. The transaction was finalized on October 12, 2012.
On March 21, 2014, Media General announced that it would acquire LIN. The merger was completed on December 19, making KIMT a Media General property once again, and marking the third ownership change for the station in less than a decade.
In September 2015, Media General announced the acquisition of Meredith Corporation in a cash and stock deal valued at $2.4 billion. Upon completion of the deal, KIMT, along with Davenport sister station and NBC affiliate KWQC-TV, would have become Meredith's first television stations in its home state of Iowa. However, on January 27, 2016, it was announced that the Nexstar Broadcasting Group would buy Media General for $4.6 billion. KIMT would have become part of "Nexstar Media Group", joining a cluster of Nexstar stations serving Iowa including ABC affiliates WOI-DT in Des Moines and KCAU-TV in Sioux City, and CBS affiliate WHBF-TV in the Quad Cities. On June 13, 2016, Nexstar announced that it would sell KIMT and four other stations to Heartland Media, through its USA Television MidAmerica Holdings joint venture with MSouth Equity Partners, for $115 million; the sale was required to allow Nexstar to comply with FCC ownership caps following the merger.
July 2015 carriage dispute with Mediacom
On July 14, 2015, KIMT and its digital subchannels were pulled from the North Iowa region's Mediacom cable systems due to a carriage dispute over retransmission consent fees between Mediacom and KIMT owner Media General. This carriage dispute was part of an ongoing disagreement nationwide between Mediacom and Media General, which saw Media General stations in 14 television markets in the United States pulled from Mediacom cable systems and even three Fox affiliates owned by Media General were lost to Mediacom subscribers in Hampton Roads, Virginia, Terre Haute, Indiana, and Topeka, Kansas just before the start of the 2015 Major League Baseball All-Star Game. On July 30, 2015, Mediacom and Media General reached a new agreement, thereby restoring KIMT and its digital subchannels to North Iowa area Mediacom subscribers.
KIMT-DT3
In late 2010, KIMT-DT3 launched as a full-time 24-hour local weather channel. Previously, KIMT-DT2 had carried this service during overnight sign-off periods. It featured a rotating Storm Team 3 weather map such as Current Temperatures and Dew Points, Weather Alerts, the 7 Day Forecast, Local, Regional, and National Radar, the local Pollen Count, and a Growing Degree Days map, with audio from the National Weather Service's NOAA Weather Radio All Hazards. Known on-air as KIMT Storm Team 3, this was available over-the-air, with the exception of nearby cities Clear Lake and Ventura's local cable company, CLTel, which broadcast on channel 361.
On November 18, 2015, KIMT-DT3 began broadcasting programming from the Ion network, replacing the 24-hour local weather channel.
Programming
Syndicated programming
Syndicated programming on KIMT includes Wheel of Fortune, Jeopardy!, and Dr. Phil among others. The three shows are distributed by CBS Media Ventures, corporate cousin of KIMT's affiliated network.
News operation
Since KIMT is the only major station licensed to the Iowa side of the market, its newscasts have traditionally focused on Iowa issues. On June 12, 2009, KIMT became the first outlet to upgrade newscasts to 16:9 enhanced definition widescreen with some parts in full high definition. Although not truly HD, the aspect ratio matches that of high definition television screens.
Also at some point that year, KIMT added three newscasts to its MyNetworkTV-affiliated subchannel. This included a half-hour extension to its weekday morning show at 7 (known as My Morning News on My 3.2), a repeat of the thirty-minute weekday noon broadcast at 12:30 (called KIMT News 3 Midday on My 3.2), and prime time newscast weeknights at 9 (known as My Primetime News at 9). Eventually, the half-hour weeknight show was reduced to a five-minute cut-in featuring an updated weather forecast.
On March 20, 2011, rival NBC affiliate KTTC (channel 10) in Rochester upgraded its local news to full high definition becoming the first outlet to do so. KIMT has expanded its weekday morning news show, airing two and a half hours of news from 4:30 a.m. thru 7:00 a.m. and an additional half hour, My Morning News on My 3.2, starting at 7:00 a.m. on KIMT-DT2.
Subchannels
The station's digital signal is multiplexed:
References
External links
KIMT News 3
KIMT-DT3 Weather
KIMT Storm Team 3 on Facebook
Entertainment Studios
Television channels and stations established in 1954
1954 establishments in Iowa
IMT
CBS network affiliates
Ion Television affiliates
Antenna TV affiliates
The Melnik Earth Pyramids () are rock formations, known as hoodoos, situated at the foothills of the Pirin mountain range in south-western Bulgaria. They span an area of 17 km2 near the town of Melnik, Blagoevgrad Province. Reaching a height of up to 100 m these sandstone pyramids are shaped in forms, resembling giant mushrooms, ancient towers and obelisks. They were formed primarily due to erosion from rainfall and bedrock wear. The Melnik Earth Pyramids are a geological phenomenon of global importance and were declared a natural landmark in 1960. The rock formations are home to rich flora and fauna heavily influenced by the Mediterranean climate. They are a tourist destination due to the natural environment of the area, the cultural sights of Melnik and the Rozhen Monastery.
Location
The Melnik Earth Pyramids are located at the south-western foothills of the Pirin mountain range in the Balkan Peninsula facing the Sandanski-Petrich Valley at an altitude between 350 and 850 m. They are part of the valley of the Melnishka River, a left tributary of the Struma. Administratively, they are situated on the lands of Bulgaria's smallest town Melnik and the villages of Karlanovo, Rozhen and Gorna Sushitsa, all of them in Sandanski Municipality, Blagoevgrad Province. The rock formations are located at some 180 km south of the national capital Sofia and 65 km south of the regional centre Blagoevgrad.
Geology and Formation
Geologically, the earth pyramids are part of the Sandanski or Struma Graben, built up by Neogene deposits bordering the older rocks of the Pirin Horst. They fall within the Melnik Fault that divides the Kalimantsi Formation conglomerate from the Sandanski Formation sandstone. The Melnik Earth Pyramids lie over Precambrian metamorphic rocks and Paleozoic granites. The Sandanski Formation includes some 830 and 1,550 m deep grey and white sandstones, aleurolites and conglomerates that formed during the Miocene 11 to 7 million years ago. The Kalimantsi Formation is divided into a lower layer dominated by sandstone and an upper one dominated by conglomerate with a total depth of 600 m, formed 6 to 2 million years ago. In its upper layer there are remains of late Miocene fauna, such as ancient horses of the species Hipparion mathewi and elephant-like mammals Anancus arvernensis.
The pyramids are built up by sedimentary rocks dated from the Neogene and Quaternary periods. The sediments were deposited 5 to 3 million years ago when the graben valley surrounded by the mountain ranges of Pirin, Belasitsa, Ograzhden and Maleshevo used to be a lake. The lower Neogene layer is over 100 m deep and is composed by lightly soldered grey to yellowish sands and gravels made up mainly of quartz grains and clay strata. The 100 m deep Quaternary layer above forms most of the pyramids and is composed by lightly soldered or unsoldered rust and reddish conglomerate. That colour is due to the iron hydroxides produced by the decomposition of minerals.
The principle factors for the formation of the Melnik Earth Pyramids are the suitable sedimentary rocks and erosion due to rainfall and bedrock wear from the Melnishka River and its tributaries, and to lesser extend – wind abrasion. The lightly soldered sandstone and conglomerate is easily penetrated by rain drops or washed away by the rivers, especially during the snow melting period in Pirin. On the other hand, the clays in the uppermost sections harden as a result of multiple wetting and sun burning and form a 1–2 cm thick layer that significantly delays the washout. There are also processes of secondary pyramid-forming.
Description
The combination of light Neogene sandstone and red Quaternary conglomerates creates not only pleasing yellowish and reddish colour gamut, but also determines the extremely diverse forms of the pyramids. They are shaped in a diverse variety of forms, resembling pyramids, cones, giant mushrooms, ancient towers and obelisks spanning a territory of 17 km2. The landscape includes both deep river valleys at the bottom of the site and spacious meadows in the highest sections. The Melnik Earth Pyramids reach a height of up to 100 m near Karlanovo, where the oldest Neogene formations are situated. To the south of Rozhen there are sand chimneys crowned by rock pieces. Near Melnik they form the distinctive backdrop of the town.
Environment
The area of the Melnik Earth Pyramids is covered in lush vegetation and is heavily influenced by Mediterranean climate. There are diverse habitats. Most site is pasture-ground but there are also deciduous forests of pubescent oak (Quercus pubescens), Hungarian oak (Quercus frainetto), Austrian oak (Quercus cerris) and Oriental hornbeam (Carpinus orientalis). The latter is the predominant species, often forming woods in association with Mediterranean shrubs, such as prickly juniper (Juniperus oxycedrus). There are also small forests of kermes oak (Quercus coccifera), as well as ever-green shrub habitats of green olive tree (Phillyrea latifolia).
About 113 bird species have been identifies from the Melnik Earth Pyramids and they have been declared a site of ornithologic importance. There are five species with high conservation value for the Mediterranean biome, whose range in Europe is limited to its south-eastern or southern parts – black-headed bunting, eastern black-eared wheatear, olive-tree warbler, eastern subalpine warbler and Sardinian warbler. The rock formations host of the most important populations of calandra lark in Bulgaria and the European Union, and maintains populations of national significance of European honey buzzard, long-legged buzzard, greater short-toed lark, woodlark, barred warbler, red-backed shrike and common rock thrush. The use of traditional vine growing methods creates favourable conditions for species such as the ortolan bunting and the tawny pipit.
The Melnik Earth Pyramids were declared a natural landmark in 1960 with a total extension of the protected area of 1165.6 hectares, or 11.656 km2.
Tourism
The Melnik Earth Pyramids are a year-round tourist destination. They are accessible via the first class I-1 road, part of European route E79, along the Struma valley that links the capital Sofia and Kulata at the border with Greece. The 13 km long third class III-109 road links Melnik to the I-1 road at the village of Novo Delchevo. The Struma motorway that will run in parallel to the first class road has been completed in the section between the border and Novo Delchevo.
Other than the landforms themselves, the town of Melnik has been designated an architectural reserve and is among the 100 Tourist Sites of Bulgaria with well preserved national revival houses, several churches and ruins of a medieval fortress. The town is also a centre of red wine production with numerous cellars dug in the sandstones and vineyards. Rozhen Monastery, the largest one in the region, was established in the early 13th century during the Second Bulgarian Empire, and is nestled among the earth pyramids a few kilometres to the north-east of Melnik. Next to the monastery, the Church of Saints Cyril and Methodius houses the tomb of the Bulgarian revolutionary Yane Sandanski.
See also
List of rock formations in Bulgaria
Geography of Bulgaria
Stob Earth Pyramids
Pirin
Citations
References
External links
Rock formations of Bulgaria
Landforms of Blagoevgrad Province
Pirin
Tourist attractions in Blagoevgrad Province
The Birds Mosaic or Armenian Mosaic, as it is popularly known, or the Musrara (Bird) Mosaic in academic parlance, is an almost perfectly preserved, richly decorated sixth-century mosaic floor from an Armenian mortuary chapel discovered some 300 metres northwest of the Damascus Gate in the Musrara neighbourhood of Jerusalem.
Discovery and ownership
The mosaic was discovered in 1894 a short distance outside Damascus Gate while building the foundation for a house. The Turkish authorities requested that the archaeologists Frederick J. Bliss and Archibald Dickie, who were working at the time on Mount Zion, to take upon themselves the excavation work. The development work slightly damaged the edges of the mosaic, and as soon as it was discovered the work ended, and the process of uncovering and preserving the mosaic began. When the Armenian inscription was revealed, the Armenian Patriarchate of Jerusalem expressed interest in purchasing the house, and eventually did purchase it, out of desire to emphasize the importance and centrality of the Armenian community in Byzantine Jerusalem.
Significance
The Birds Mosaic is one of four Armenian mosaics from the Byzantine period which were discovered in this part of Jerusalem, and it seems we can learn from this about the activity of the Armenian community in that period. To this day, the mosaic is considered one of the most important sites in the history of the Armenian community in the city.
Dating and identification
About 1000 mosaic floors have been discovered in the Land of Israel. Most have been dated to the Byzantine period, between the years 450 and 640, when Muslims conquered the area and church art declined. Most of the mosaics adorned the floors of Greek or Armenian churches.
Based on the shape of the letters of the inscription and other criteria, the Musrara mosaic has been dated to the middle of the sixth century, about two centuries after the earliest evidence of Armenian presence in the Holy Land.
The mosaic is part of a large corpus of similarly decorated Byzantine-period floors from Palestine, discovered in churches as well as in synagogues from the time. The sixth century has seen a sharp rise in the number of Christian pilgrims coming to the Holy Land, leading to the construction of numerous monasteries around Jerusalem, some with pilgrim hostels and cemeteries, of which a cluster of at least four stood north of the city, placing the Bird Mosaic in a true "monastic quarter". An ancient list of Christian churches and monasteries mentions one dedicated to St. Polyeuctos in this area, which led to some researchers identifying the chapel with the mosaic as part of the St. Polyeuctos Monastery, but this is contested by others and has not been proven.
Description and analysis
The almost fully preserved mosaic covers an area of about 4 by 6 meters.
Mosaic
Inscription
The mosaic includes a fully preserved inscription written in the Armenian alphabet, which states "For the memory and redemption of all the Armenians whose names God knowns".
The mosaic is considered to be part of a funerary chapel adjoining a monastery. Memorial chapels for the dead were a common feature of Armenian churches in the Byzantine period.
Decorative patterns
The colourful mosaic is bordered by a "plaited" frame.
The mosaic carpet includes figures of birds inscribed in 39 round medallions formed by grape vines. The medallions are set symmetrically, with each element on the right side being "reflected" by one to the left, so every bird on the right has a twin on the left, additionally to the elements decorating the central axis. Therefore, most of the birds are facing the central axis. The birds lack "depth " and perspective: while Greek and Roman mosaic art involved perspective and three-dimensional depiction, Byzantine mosaic art, evolving in Palestine from the 5th century on, was influenced by Eastern art which tended towards "flattening" of images and division of the area into squares or medallions.
The mosaic's head is at the entrance to the room, where an amphora is displayed with peacocks on either side. The amphora with peacocks is a common motif in Byzantine mosaic art, which can also be found for instance in the Byzantine church in Nahariya, but also in the Byzantine church in Sebastopol in Crimea. Thin, round grape vines extend from the mouth of the amphora to create the framework of the 39 medallions. Many grape leaves and clusters branch off from the vines, and are scattered around the mosaic. Interwoven grape vines are another common motif in Byzantine mosaic floors in Egypt, including in synagogues from the period, such as in Gaza and Maon. It seems that the artists of the period thus continued the Roman mosaic tradition.
The birds have been identified by scholars as a variety of species found in the Land of Israel, including pigeons, geese, storks, swallows, partridge, pheasants, and more. Armenian mosaic artists extensively used natural motifs, such as trees, flowers, birds, and other animals. The motifs are therefore a clear characteristic of Armenian art in general, and to this day Armenian ceramics, for example, are characterized by natural designs.
Interpretation
Nira Stone, by comparing with similarly decorated mosaics from Greek and Armenian churches, as well as synagogues from the Byzantine period, concludes that there is little reason to interpret too much into the images of the mosaic, seeing them as a common type of decoration. She reminds us that a Church edict from 427 had prohibited the use of religious subjects in mosaic floors, since walking on them would constitute a sacrilege.
However, many scholars see the subject of the mosaic as the passage from this world to the afterlife. The inscription at the head of the mosaic indicates that the chapel was intended to preserve the memory of the deceased, and the entire mosaic comes, then, to strengthen the connection between the worlds. According to this approach, one may see the caged bird as a symbol of the soul encaged in the body, which separates it from the body-free souls in the afterlife. The conch, which appears above the amphora on the central axis of the mosaic, where it symbolizes a holy place or royalty. Perhaps this is a symbol of "the kingdom of heaven". In addition, the eagle (or vulture) which looks backwards, unlike the other birds, perhaps symbolizes the separation from the dead and their memory. The large amphora, grape vines, and two peacocks are also motifs from the afterlife, as archaeologist Michael Avi-Yonah wrote about the synagogue in Maon in the southern West Bank: "The amphora and tendrils represent the Garden of Eden, and the peacocks on either side represent immortality."
Burial cave
A small cave was discovered under the southeast part of the mosaic. Among the findings in the cave were human bones and oil lamps, which were dated to the Byzantine period. Apparently the cave served as part of the chapel, and perhaps it is the burial place of those Armenians "whose names are known only to God".
Comparison to the Birds Mosaic in Caesarea
In 1950, a mosaic was discovered in Caesarea, which likewise included many depictions of birds within medallions. This mosaic was originally identified as a church, but later excavations in 2004 led to the conclusion that it was the courtyard of a palace from the late Byzantine period.
Despite the great similarity in terms of style and material between the two mosaics, there is no further connection between them. The Jerusalem mosaic is small, the medallions are separated by grape vines, the birds face the central axis, and the building was religious. In contrast, the Caesarea mosaic is almost three times larger, the medallions have a stone border, all the birds face to the left, and the building was private. In addition, it is unknown who created the Caesarea mosaic, and there is no indication that the artists were Armenian.
Location and access
The mosaic was initially located in an old building outside Damascus Gate, at 16, Prophets (HaNeviim) Street, in the Musrara neighbourhood. As of 2009, entrance to the site was possible only by coordination with the Armenian Patriarchate.
As of 2022, the mosaic has been transferred to the Armenian Quarter of the Old City, where it is planned to go on display once the renovated Armenian library and museum are reopened, which is planned for October. The mosaic is placed in the museum courtyard.
References
Further reading
Michael Avi-Yonah, Ancient Mosaics, Keter Press, Jerusalem, 1978
Michael Avi-Yonah, "Mosaic floors in synagogues and Christian churches in the land of Israel", Yediot 1-2 (Tammuz 1934), p. 1-9
Nurit Kenaan-Kedar, "Birds of the Garden of Eden" - Mary Belian and the Armenian ceramics of Jerusalem, Eretz Yisrael Museum, 2000, p. 26-27
External links
Information about the mosaic
The Armenian mosaics of Jerusalem
The mosaic in the Jerusalem municipal plan
Photos of the Musrara Mosaic at the Manar al-Athar photo archive
Archaeological sites in Israel
Byzantine mosaics
Statistics of North American Soccer League in season 1973. This was the 6th season of the NASL.
Overview
Nine teams took part in the league with the Philadelphia Atoms winning the championship.
During the season, Tiburones Rojos de Veracruz from Vera Cruz, Mexico, played each of the nine NASL clubs in exhibition games that counted in the league's final standings. The 1973 season would be the last season in which games from non-league clubs counted in league standings.
A week before the NASL Final 1973, commissioner Phil Woosnam announced that no team in the league made a profit during the season.
In a unique twist, the team with home field for the NASL Championship Game determined the date and time the game was to be played. When the Dallas Tornado won their semi-final, setting up the final with Philadelphia, they chose August 25 as the date of the game. They did this because the NASL loan agreements with players from the English First Division (the precursor to today's Premier League) expired before that date.
Because of this, Philadelphia's two leading scorers, Andy "The Flea" Provan and Jim Fryatt, were on their way back to England when the championship match was played on the 25th. Despite this, Philadelphia coach, Al Miller, put Bill Straub, a defender who had not played a minute for the club prior to the championship game, into the lineup at forward. The move paid off as Straub headed home the second goal in a 2–0 win with under five minutes remaining in the final.
Changes from the previous season
New teams
Philadelphia Atoms
Teams folding
None
Teams moving
None
Name changes
Atlanta Chiefs to Atlanta Apollos
Miami Gatos to Miami Toros
Regular season
W = Wins, L = Losses, T= Ties, GF = Goals For, GA = Goals Against, BP = Bonus Points, PTS= Total Points
POINT SYSTEM
6 points for a win, 3 points for a tie, 0 points for a loss, 1 bonus point for each goal scored up to three per game.
-Premiers (most points). -Other playoff teams.
NASL All-Stars
Playoffs
All playoff games in all rounds including the NASL Final were single game elimination match ups.
Bracket
Semifinals
NASL Final 1973
1973 NASL Champions: Philadelphia Atoms
Post season awards
Most Valuable Player: Warren Archibald, Miami
Coach of the year: Al Miller, Philadelphia
Rookie of the year: Kyle Rote, Jr., Dallas
References
External links
Video highlights of NASL in 1973
Complete Results and Standings
North American Soccer League (1968–1984) seasons
1973
1973 in Canadian soccer
Robert Rendel (2 December 1884, in St Marys Abbots, London – 9 May 1944, in Marylebone, London) was a British actor of stage, screen, television and radio.
Career
His stage work included roles in the original Broadway productions of Somerset Maugham's The Circle in 1921, and Arnold Ridley's The Ghost Train in 1926. In 1935 he played the Duke of Marlborough in Norman Ginsbury's Viceroy Sarah. On film, he played Sherlock Holmes in the original sound version of The Hound of the Baskervilles in 1932.
Filmography
Slander (1916) as Harry Carson
The Barricade (1917) as Gerald Hastings
Her Night of Romance (1924) as Prince George
The Hound of the Baskervilles (1932) as Sherlock Holmes
Death at Broadcasting House (1934) as Sir Herbert Farquharson
The Way of Youth (1934) as Sir Peter Marmon
Borrow a Million (1934) as Struthers
The Price of Wisdom (1935) as Alfred Blake
Twice Branded (1936) as Charles Hamilton
The Crimson Circle (1936) as Commissioner
Fire Over England (1937) as Don Miguel
The Dark Stairway (1938) as Dr. Fletcher
The Four Feathers (1939) as Colonel
The Spy in Black (1939) as Admiral
The Lion Has Wings (1939) as Chief of Air Staff
Ten Days in Paris (1940) as Sir James Stevens
Sailors Three (1940) as British Captain
The Day Will Dawn (1942) as Captain of Destroyer
References
External links
Also noted Contract Bridge author: "How's Your Bridge" with Sydney Lenz. "That extra Trick" and "The squeeze at auction and Contract Bridge" Rendell adopted the term "squeeze" from baseball.
1885 births
1944 deaths
British male stage actors
British male film actors
Male actors from London
20th-century British male actors
Stig Gustafsson (born 5 May 1930) is a Swedish former footballer who played as a defender. He made 112 Allsvenskan appearances for Djurgårdens IF.
Honours
Djurgårdens IF
Allsvenskan: 1959
References
1930 births
Living people
Association football defenders
Swedish footballers
Allsvenskan players
Djurgårdens IF Fotboll players
Chad Fleischer (born January 4, 1972, in Columbus, Nebraska) is an American former alpine skier who competed in the 1994 Winter Olympics and 1998 Winter Olympics.Chad Fleischer is a ten-year veteran of the Men's US Alpine Ski Team, Two Time National DH skiing Champion, named to Five World Championship Teams and Three Olympics Teams (could not compete in 2002 Salt LAke Olympics due to dislocated right knee in Wengen SUI three weeks prior to the Games)
His best performance came in 1999 at the World Cup Finals where he won a Silver Medal behind Lasse Kjus of Norway.
Chad Fleischer now owns and operates a chain of ski rental and retail stores in Steamboat Springs, Colorado.
His wife Renée is a former San Diego Charger cheerleader and Denver Bronco cheerleader. They were married May 2000 in Maui, Hawaii.
References
1972 births
Living people
American male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of the United States
Alpine skiers at the 1994 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1998 Winter Olympics
Belgrade Oblast () was one of the oblasts of the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes from 1922 to 1929. Its administrative center was Belgrade.
History
The Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes was formed in 1918 and was initially divided into counties and districts (this division was inherited from previous state administrations). In 1922, new administrative units known as oblasts (Serbo-Croatian: oblasti / области) were introduced and the whole country was divided into 33 oblasts. Before 1922, territory of Belgrade Oblast was part of the Belgrade, Novi Sad, and Veliki Bečkerek districts.
In 1924, as the result of an adjustment of the border between the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes and Romania, the town of Žombolj (Jimbolia) was transferred to Romania.
In 1929, 33 oblasts were administratively replaced with 9 banovinas and one district, and territory of Belgrade Oblast was administratively divided between the Belgrade City Administration and the Danube Banovina.
Geography
The Belgrade Oblast included small northern part of Šumadija near Belgrade, western parts of Banat and eastern parts of Bačka. It shared borders with the Bačka Oblast and Syrmia Oblast in the west, the Valjevo Oblast in the south-west, the Podunavlje Oblast in the south-east, Romania in the north-east and Hungary in the north.
Demographics
According to 1921 census, oblast had linguistically heterogeneous population: speakers of Serbo-Croatian were dominant in the cities of Belgrade, Pančevo, Veliki Bečkerek and Velika Kikinda, as well as in the districts of Belgrade, Umka, Kovačica, Veliki Bečkerek, Turski Bečej, Velika Kikinda, Titel and Žabalj; speakers of German were dominant in the district of Pančevo; speakers of Romanian were dominant in the district of Žombolj; while speakers of Hungarian were dominant in the city of Senta and in the districts of Senta, Stari Bečej and Turska Kanjiža.
Administrative units
Oblast included following districts:
Belgrade
Kovačica
Pančevo
Senta
Stari Bečej
Titel
Turska Kanjiža
Turski Bečej
Umka
Velika Kikinda
Veliki Bečkerek
Žabalj
Žombolj
Besides these districts, several cities in the oblast had a separate status:
Belgrade
Pančevo
Senta
Velika Kikinda
Veliki Bečkerek
Cities and towns
Main cities and towns in the district were:
Belgrade
Pančevo
Senta
Stari Bečej
Velika Kikinda
Veliki Bečkerek
All mentioned cities and towns are today in Serbia.
See also
Belgrade
Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes
References
Further reading
Istorijski atlas, Geokarta, Beograd, 1999.
Istorijski atlas, Intersistem kartografija, Beograd, 2010.
External links
Map of the Oblast
Map of the Oblast
Map of the Oblast
1920s in Belgrade
Oblasts of the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes
is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hideo Iura. It is the story about Takeda Masami, a new lawyer and fellow lawyer Kuzu Motohito, who Takeda is teamed up with, and how they deal with different court cases. It was serialized in Big Comic Original from 2003 to 2009. Shogakukan compiled it into ten tankōbon volumes released between July 30, 2004, and January 29, 2010. A second series, , was published from 2010 to 2014; its first volume was released on December 25, 2010.
In 2007, Bengoshi no Kuzu won the 52nd Shogakukan Manga Award in the General category.
The manga was adapted into a 12-episode TV drama, which was broadcast on Tokyo Broadcasting System between April 13, 2006, and June 29, 2006.
Cast
Etsushi Toyokawa as Kuzu Motohito
Hideaki Itō as Takeda Masami
Aki Hoshino as Omata Yuka
Fuyuki Moto as Kunimitsu Yuujiro
Soichiro Kitamura as Shiraishi Makoto
Reiko Takashima as Kato Tetsuko
Awards
49th Television Drama Academy Awards Best Leading Actor: Toyokawa Etsushi
49th Television Drama Academy Awards Best Supporting Actor: Hideaki Itō
References
External links
Official TBS Bengoshi no Kuzu website
2003 manga
2006 Japanese television series debuts
2006 Japanese television series endings
2010 manga
Japanese television dramas based on manga
Manga adapted into television series
Seinen manga
Shogakukan manga
TBS Television (Japan) dramas
Winners of the Shogakukan Manga Award for general manga
is a Japanese television drama series starring Japanese idol girl group Nogizaka46. Nanase Nishino played the lead role. It premiered on TV Tokyo on 11 July 2015. The theme song is "Taiyō Nokku".
Cast
Nanase Nishino as Nanamaru
Mai Shiraishi as Kirei
Reika Sakurai as Bunan
Nanami Hashimoto as Marukyū
Erika Ikuta as Chopin
Kazumi Takayama as Kote
Rina Ikoma as Academy
Yumi Wakatsuki as Imadoki
Manatsu Akimoto as Harvard
Mai Fukagawa as Kāchan
Sayuri Matsumura as Yūutsu
Misa Etō as Shelly
Tezuka Tōru as Kamata
Kanji Tsuda as Gondawara
References
External links
Japanese drama television series
2015 in Japanese television
2015 Japanese television series debuts
2015 Japanese television series endings
TV Tokyo original programming
Nogizaka46
WCHK may refer to:
WCHK (AM), a radio station (1290 AM) licensed to Canton, Georgia
WCHK-FM, a radio station (101.3 FM) licensed to Milford, Delaware
WKZG, a radio station (104.3 FM) licensed to Seymour, Wisconsin, which held the call sign WCHK-FM from 2009 to 2012
WNSY, a radio station (100.1 FM) licensed to Talking Rock, Georgia, which held the call sign WCHK-FM in 1998
WBZY, a radio station (105.7 FM) licensed to Canton, Georgia, which held the call sign WCHK-FM until 1993
Annabel is a 2010 novel by Canada-based author Kathleen Winter.
Plot
A baby is born in 1968, in far-from-everywhere Croydon Harbour, Labrador, Canada. He is intersex – a word unfamiliar to the midwife present at his birth, and to his stoic father and his fanciful mother – with both penis and vagina. His is a masculine world of men who trap for a living, and a father who decided to name him "Wayne" and raise him as male – but his shadow self, Annabel, the name his mother and her best friend Thomasina whisper when they are alone, will live within him for two decades. Wayne heads into the bush with his father, but at home he dreams of synchronized swimming and begs for a sequined bathing suit. He is she, and they are a fluid, pastel contradiction in a rigid, black and white world.
Puberty sets in and there is a medical emergency – Wayne's abdomen fills with menstrual blood. Lost in his superficial world of being a girl, he begins a friendship with classmate Wally. His father, Treadway, begins to question whether Wally is a good influence on Wayne and wants him to be more boyish. Together with his father, Wayne builds a small bridge over a creek. His father thinks of this as a masculine construction project, but the bridge is actually an expression of Wayne's feminine fantasy life. After Wayne ornaments the bridge with curtains and lights, his father dismantles it, interrupting his friendship with Wally.
As Wayne grows into a young adult, he moves to St. John's, where she decides to discontinue her masculinizing medication and allow her body to feminize spontaneously. Ultimately, she learns to accept herself as he really is, reconciles with her father, and renews her friendship with Wally.
Reception
The novel was a shortlisted nominee for the 2010 Scotiabank Giller Prize, the 2010 Rogers Writers' Trust Fiction Prize and the 2010 Governor General's Awards. It held the distinction of being the only novel to make the shortlists of all three awards in 2010. In 2011 it was shortlisted for the 2011 Orange Prize for Fiction, and won the Thomas Head Raddall Award.
In 2014 it was chosen for the Canada Reads competition, where it was championed by actress Sarah Gadon.
Despite critical acclaim, the book has not been welcomed by intersex organizations. Organisation Intersex International Australia described the book as fundamentally flawed and deterministic, based on misconceptions about intersex.
Adaptations
The novel was adapted for BBC Radio by Emma Harding and Miranda Davies.
British pop singer Alison Goldfrapp wrote a song inspired by the novel, also titled "Annabel", on her 2013 album Tales of Us. Filmmaker Lisa Gunning, who directed the song's music video, has also optioned feature film rights to the novel.
References
2010 Canadian novels
Novels about intersex
Novels set in Newfoundland and Labrador
Canadian LGBT novels
Novels by Kathleen Winter
2010s LGBT novels
House of Anansi Press books
Tuhog (English: Impale) is a 2013 Filipino dark comedy-drama film produced by Skylight Films. It stars Eugene Domingo, Leo Martinez, Enchong Dee, Empress Schuck, and Jake Cuenca.
Tuhog is one of the film entries sent for the 2012 Metro Manila Film Festival but failed to qualify as an official entry. The film opened in theaters on July 17, 2013 as part of Star Cinema's 20th Anniversary presentation.
Plot
Due to a road rage between two buses, an accident occurs which puts the lives of its passengers in jeopardy. But the ones greatly affected by such event are a middle-aged woman named Fiesta (Eugene Domingo), an old and retired family patriarch Tonio (Leo Martinez), and a lad named Caloy (Enchong Dee). These three people are pierced through a single steel bar – a dangerous situation that even their doctors find hard to solve. But even before this unfortunate circumstance, these three have their share of ill-fated lives.
Fiesta is a bus barker of Janus Express whose life revolves around taking care of her demented father Carding. Being a dedicated daughter to Carding turns her into a lonely spinster that scares men away with her fierce and masculine demeanor. Until she meets Nato (Jake Cuenca), a new driver hired by Janus Express that eventually wins her heart. But just when she thought that she'll finally have her far-fetched happiness with Nato, things start to get complicated when she finds out Nato's painful secret.
Tonio is a retired old man who after getting past his prime and being a refuge to his family, now wants to fulfill his shrugged off dream of becoming a baker. He decides to use his pension to fulfill this dream. At first, his own family is skeptical about it but he eventually gets their support along with his friends to make it happen. Now, it's all up to him to make this work and find out if this is a dream worth all that risk.
Caloy is a young man preserving his virginity for his girlfriend Angel (Empress). They have made an agreement to give up their virginities to each other and only to each other. However, Caloy gets challenged to remain faithful to this pact because of the difficulties of the long distance relationship he shares with Angel. Moreover, he starts to doubt the loyalty of Angel to him and to their relationship because of a guy named Jun Rey who is seemingly getting involved with his girlfriend.
Dr. Nuguid told Fiesta that she will die but her unborn child will live. Tonio and Caloy pleaded that she should be first but failed as they were separated from the steel bar and were each brought to the operating rooms. Before dying, Fiesta told the doctor that he should stand as the father of her child and prevent the child from imitating her actions. The film ends with Nato visiting the grave of Fiesta, Tonio having a success with his bakery, Caloy lying in bed with Angel and Dr. Nuguid holding Fiesta's daughter (named Fiesta in honor of her mother).
Cast
Main
Eugene Domingo as Fiesta Dacanay
Leo Martinez as Antonio "Tonio" Sucat
Enchong Dee as Carlos "Caloy" Sicat
Empress Schuck as Angel
Jake Cuenca as Renato "Nato" Timbangkaya
Supporting
Manuel Chua as Bobby Sucat
Nikki Valdez as Faith Sucat
Kitkat as Rochelle
Beauty Gonzalez as Jenna
Rodjun Cruz as Mark
Joe Vargas as Wayne
Dimples Romana as Lolet
Eda Nolan as Peachy
Noel Trinidad as Carding Dacanay
Bodjie Pascua as Lando
Menggie Cobarrubias as Bert
Carla Martinez as Mercy Sucat
Jon Achaval as John
Nor Domingo as Pugeda
Hyubs Azarcon as Boyet
Nico Antonio as Adrian Sucat
Ariel Ureta as Dr. Nuguid
Allyzon Lualhati as Dr. Paz
Nicco Manalo as Dr. Sanchez
Maliksi Morales as Street Kid/Kamatayan
References
External links
2013 films
Star Cinema films
Skylight Films films
Philippine comedy-drama films
Films directed by Veronica Velasco
Hannes Wagner is a German Greco-Roman wrestler. He is a two-time bronze medalist at the European Wrestling Championships.
Career
He lost his bronze medal match in the 82 kg event at the 2019 European Wrestling Championships held in Bucharest, Romania.
In 2020, he won one of the bronze medals in the 82 kg event at the European Wrestling Championships held in Rome, Italy.
In January 2021, he won the silver medal in the 82 kg event at the 2021 Grand Prix Zagreb Open held in Zagreb, Croatia. In April 2021, he also won one of the bronze medals in the 82 kg event at the European Wrestling Championships held in Warsaw, Poland.
He competed in the 87kg event at the 2022 World Wrestling Championships held in Belgrade, Serbia.
Achievements
References
External links
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
German male sport wrestlers
European Wrestling Championships medalists
21st-century German people
The following lists events that happened during 2003 in Republic of Albania.
Incumbents
President: Alfred Moisiu
Prime Minister: Fatos Nano
Events
January
Albania and EU begin Stabilisation and Association Agreement talks, seen as possible first step in long road to EU membership.
October
12 October – Started Albanian Wikipedia.
Deaths
13 March – Abas Ermenji, Albanian historian and politician (born 1913)
22 July – Dhimitër Shuteriqi, Albanian writer (born 1915)
See also
2003 in Albanian television
References
Years of the 21st century in Albania
2000s in Albania
Afia Serena Nathaniel (born 1974) is an independent Pakistani filmmaker who works primarily as a writer, director, producer and editor. She is a graduate of the Film Division at the Columbia University School of the Arts (2006).
Early life
Afia Nathaniel was born in Quetta, Pakistan. She is the eldest of three girls. Her father was in the Armed Forces and her mother a professor of English. Afia was brought up and educated in Lahore.
Education
Afia did her Senior Cambridge from Convent of Jesus and Mary, Lahore. She then attended Kinnaird College from 1991 to 1994, graduating with a BSc degree. She majored in Mathematics with a minor in Physics. In college, Afia participated actively in debating forums, poetry competitions and dramatics. She was elected the President of Science Club by the students at Kinnaird. Afia was awarded the prestigious Mangat Rai Gold Medal in 1994 in recognition of her outstanding academic record and extracurricular achievements.
In August 1994, Afia joined Lahore University of Management Sciences (LUMS) to pursue a BSc in Computer Science. She graduated from LUMS in 1997.
In 2001, Columbia University offered Afia Nathaniel a two-year Dean's fellowship to come and join their MFA Film programme. Afia won several accolades for her short films which spurred the growth of New Wave of Pakistani independent cinema.
Early career
In the absence of any film schools in Pakistan, Afia Nathaniel, joined Publicis Pakistan (formerly Headstart) and began a career in advertising soon after graduating from LUMS. She was quickly promoted to head the Creative Department at Publicis Pakistan.
In 1999, Afia left Pakistan to work with the World YWCA, an international women's non-profit organisation based in Geneva, Switzerland. She attended the UN Commission on Human Rights from 1999 to 2001 and worked with women in over 100 countries in the areas of peace, justice, health, human rights and environment. Afia was appointed as the Communications Manager for the endowment campaign of the World YWCA.
Film career
In 2008, Afia founded Zambeel Films, a film production company in Pakistan, specialising in producing local independent films for a global audience. Afia is a member of Film Fatales independent women filmmakers.
Dukhtar (2014)
Personal life
Afia is currently based in New York City she teaches in the visual arts department at Princeton University. She lives with her husband and daughter .
Awards
Film Awards/Honours/Grants
2015 Best Film Director – Dukhtar (awaiting result)
2010 NYFA Geri Ashur Screenwriting Award
2006 Milos Forman Finishing Fund
2006 Hollywood Foreign Press Association Grant
2005 IFP Market Screenplay Award
2005 Ezra Litwak Award for Distinction in Screenwriting at the Columbia University Film School Student Film Festival
2005 HBO Development Award
2005 Finalist, Tribeca Connect, New York
2003 Nadah, Nominee Golden Reel Award, VC Filmfest
Academic Awards/Fellowships/Grants
2004-6 World Studio Foundation Fellow
2003-4 AAUW International Fellow
2003-4 MMMF (James Wolfensohn) Fellow, World Bank
2003-4 WIL Fellow, International House, New York
2001-3 Dean's Fellow, School of Arts, Columbia University, New York
1994 Mangat Rai Gold Medal, Kinnaird College, Lahore, Pakistan
Film festivals
Nadah (Short Film) – Director, Producer, Editor
International Film Festival Rotterdam, 2003 (World Premiere)
Reel-World Film Festival, Toronto, 2003 (Canadian Premiere)
Clermont-Ferrand Film Market 2003
19th VC FilmFest, Los Angeles, 2003 (Nominee Golden Reel Award)
9th International Film Festival Dortmund, Germany 2003
Anthology Film Archive, New York, 2003
Commonwealth International Film Festival 2003 (UK Premiere)
1st Asian Pacific Short-Film Festival 2003 Barcelona (Spain Premiere)
9th Asian Film Festival, 2003, Lyon (French Premiere)
3rd KaraFilmFestival, 2003, Karachi, Pakistan (Pakistan Premiere)
Cinemasia, 2004, Netherlands
Mateela Film Festival, 2004, Lahore, Pakistan (Lahore Premiere)
Toba Tek Singh (Short Film) – Writer, director, producer, editor, Executive Producer
New York Asian American International film festival 2005 (World Premiere)
VC FilmFest 2006, Los Angeles, US (American Premiere)
Long After... (Muntazir) (Short Film) – Writer, director, producer, editor, Executive Producer
Montreal World Cinema Film Festival 2007
ReelWorld Film Festival, Toronto, 2008
Clermont-Ferrand Short Film Market 2008
Asian American International Film Festival, New York, 2008
New Jersey International Film Festival 2008
Butterfly (Short Film) – Writer
Asia-Expo film festival, Lyon France (Winner Audience Choice Award)
Napa Valley Wine Country Film Fest (Winner Best International Short Film)
Black Maria Film Festival 2003 (Winner Honourable Mention)
Ivy Film Festival 2003 (Winner best graduate student film)
19th VC Film Fest, LA, 2003 (Nominee Golden Reel Award)
San Francisco International Film Festival 2003
Mumbai International Film Festival, 2003
Palm Springs Short Film Festival, 2003
Hawaii International Film Festival, 2003
Greenwich Film Festival, 2003
Indian Film Festival of Los Angeles, 2003
San Francisco International Asian American Film Festival, 2003
Vancouver Asian Film Festival, 2003
Cinema Paradiso Film Festival, 2003
ACV New York Asian American Film Festival, 2003
San Diego Asian Film Festival, 2003
DC Asian Pacific American Film Festival, 2003
Dallas Asian American Film Festival, 2003
Awards & nominations
References
External links
Living people
1974 births
American film directors
American people of Pakistani descent
Punjabi people
Pakistani screenwriters
Pakistani film producers
Lahore University of Management Sciences alumni
Convent of Jesus and Mary, Lahore alumni
Film directors from Lahore
Kinnaird College for Women University alumni
Columbia University School of the Arts alumni
Jan Jacek Ogiński () (1619 - 24 February 1684, Krakow) was a nobleman, commander and statesman of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania. He was also known as Jan Samuelewicz Ogiński. He served as hetman of Lithuania from 1682 to 1684, an office also later held by the youngest of Jan's four sons, Grzegorz Antoni Ogiński.
Sources (in Polish)
http://ipsb.tymczasowylink.pl/index.php/a/jan-jacek-oginski-h-wlasnego
Leszek A, Wierzbicki, Akt konfederacji wojska litewskiego zawiązanej w Kobryniu 22 listopada 1672 roku, w: Res Historica, t. 21, Lublin 2005, s. 137.
2.Skocz do góry ↑ Volumina Legum, t. V, Petersburg 1860, s. 162.
1619 births
1684 deaths
Field Hetmans of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania
Ogiński family
The logic alphabet, also called the X-stem Logic Alphabet (XLA), constitutes an iconic set of symbols that systematically represents the sixteen possible binary truth functions of logic. The logic alphabet was developed by Shea Zellweger. The major emphasis of his iconic "logic alphabet" is to provide a more cognitively ergonomic notation for logic. Zellweger's visually iconic system more readily reveals, to the novice and expert alike, the underlying symmetry relationships and geometric properties of the sixteen binary connectives within Boolean algebra.
Truth functions
Truth functions are functions from sequences of truth values to truth values. A unary truth function, for example, takes a single truth value and maps it to another truth value. Similarly, a binary truth function maps ordered pairs of truth values to truth values, while a ternary truth function maps ordered triples of truth values to truth values, and so on.
In the unary case, there are two possible inputs, viz. T and F, and thus four possible unary truth functions: one mapping T to T and F to F, one mapping T to F and F to F, one mapping T to T and F to T, and finally one mapping T to F and F to T, this last one corresponding to the familiar operation of logical negation. In the form of a table, the four unary truth functions may be represented as follows.
In the binary case, there are four possible inputs, viz. (T, T), (T, F), (F, T), and (F, F), thus yielding sixteen possible binary truth functions – in general, there are n-ary truth functions for each natural number n. The sixteen possible binary truth functions are listed in the table below.
Content
Zellweger's logic alphabet offers a visually systematic way of representing each of the sixteen binary truth functions. The idea behind the logic alphabet is to first represent the sixteen binary truth functions in the form of a square matrix rather than the more familiar tabular format seen in the table above, and then to assign a letter shape to each of these matrices. Letter shapes are derived from the distribution of Ts in the matrix. When drawing a logic symbol, one passes through each square with assigned F values while stopping in a square with assigned T values. In the extreme examples, the symbol for tautology is a X (stops in all four squares), while the symbol for contradiction is an O (passing through all squares without stopping). The square matrix corresponding to each binary truth function, as well as its corresponding letter shape, are displayed in the table below.
Significance
The interest of the logic alphabet lies in its aesthetic, symmetric, and geometric qualities. These qualities combine to allow an individual to more easily, rapidly and visually manipulate the relationships between entire truth tables. A logic operation performed on a two-dimensional logic alphabet connective, with its geometric qualities, produces a symmetry transformation. When a symmetry transformation occurs, each input symbol, without any further thought, immediately changes into the correct output symbol. For example, by reflecting the symbol for NAND (viz. 'h') across the vertical axis we produce the symbol for ←, whereas by reflecting it across the horizontal axis we produce the symbol for →, and by reflecting it across both the horizontal and vertical axes we produce the symbol for ∨. Similar symmetry transformations can be obtained by operating upon the other symbols.
In effect, the X-stem Logic Alphabet is derived from three disciplines that have been stacked and combined: (1) mathematics, (2) logic, and (3) semiotics. This happens because, in keeping with the mathelogical semiotics, the connectives have been custom designed in the form of geometric letter shapes that serve as iconic replicas of their corresponding square-framed truth tables. Logic cannot do it alone. Logic is sandwiched between mathematics and semiotics. Indeed, Zellweger has constructed intriguing structures involving the symbols of the logic alphabet on the basis of these symmetries ( ). The considerable aesthetic appeal of the logic alphabet has led to exhibitions of Zellweger's work at the Museum of Jurassic Technology in Los Angeles, among other places.
The value of the logic alphabet lies in its use as a visually simpler pedagogical tool than the traditional system for logic notation. The logic alphabet eases the introduction to the fundamentals of logic, especially for children, at much earlier stages of cognitive development. Because the logic notation system, in current use today, is so deeply embedded in our computer culture, the "logic alphabets" adoption and value by the field of logic itself, at this juncture, is questionable. Additionally, systems of natural deduction, for example, generally require introduction and elimination rules for each connective, meaning that the use of all sixteen binary connectives would result in a highly complex proof system. Various subsets of the sixteen binary connectives (e.g., {∨,&,→,~}, {∨,~}, {&, ~}, {→,~}) are themselves functionally complete in that they suffice to define the remaining connectives. In fact, both NAND and NOR are sole sufficient operators, meaning that the remaining connectives can all be defined solely in terms of either of them. Nonetheless, the logic alphabet's two-dimensional geometric letter shapes along with its group symmetry properties can help ease the learning curve for children and adult students alike, as they become familiar with the interrelations and operations on all 16 binary connectives. Giving children and students this advantage is a decided gain.
See also
Polish notation
Propositional logic
Boolean function
Boolean algebra (logic)
Logic gate
External links
Page dedicated to Zellweger's logic alphabet
Exhibition in a small museum: Flickr photopage, including a discussion between Tilman Piesk and probably Shea Zellweger
Binary operations
Boolean algebra
Apollo Amsterdam is a professional basketball team based in Amsterdam. The club plays its games in the BNXT League, the Dutch top league. The club was founded in 2011 and has been playing in the highest national level for years. The amateur section of the club is known as BC Apollo. Apollo Amsterdam is known for their focus on developing the Dutch basketball players and giving them growth perspective in a foreign player dominated league. Apollo debuted 25 Dutch players in the last 5,5 seasons.
History
The club was founded in 2011, as a result of a merger between BV Lely and Mosquitos, both clubs from Amsterdam. Its name is derived from its home venue the Apollohal. Apollo took over the license of the old ABC Amsterdam second team. In the first season of the club, Apollo played as an amateur team in the Promotiedivisie. They immediately won the Dutch amateur championship after defeating CBV Binnenland in the league final.
In 2012, Apollo club decided to enter the professional Dutch Basketball League (DBL) for the 2012–13 season. In its first season, led by coach Tyrone Marioneaux and All-Star Aron Royé, Apollo finished in ninth place in the DBL.
In 2013–14, Apollo managed to reach the playoffs for the first time in franchise history. The club lost in the quarterfinals to GasTerra Flames, 0–2.
During Apollo's most successful season since their establishment, the club had financial problems which made it close to withdrawing from the DBL. However, in August 2014 it was announced Apollo would continue playing in the DBL.
In the 2015–16 season, Apollo made its second appearance in the DBL playoffs where it lost to Den Bosch 0–2 in the quarterfinals.
Apollo won its first playoff game in 2016, defeating ZZ Leiden in Game 1 of the quarterfinals. However, in a packed Apollohal, Leiden retrieved home advantage and went on to beat Apollo 1–2 and advance to the semifinals.
On 1 May 2020, Apollo announced it will not play in the 2020–21 DBL season because of uncertainty caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. Apollo also announced Laki Lakner was replacing Patrick Faijdherbe as head coach. Lakner resigned after three games, and Edwin van der Hart took over for the remainder of the season. Apollo finished in ninth place for a second season in a row.
Since the 2021–22 season, Apollo plays in the BNXT League, in which the national leagues of Belgium and the Netherlands have been merged. In June 2021, Wierd Goedee was signed as new head coach.
Honours
Promotiedivisie
Winners (1): 2011–12
Players
Current roster
Depth chart
Individual awards
DBL All-Defense Team
Berend Weijs – 2019
DBL Rookie of the Year
Berend Weijs – 2013
DBL blocks leader
Berend Weijs – 2013, 2014, 2018, 2019
DBL All-Rookie Team
Lucas Steijn – 2014
Notable players
NCAA Division 1 players from academy
The youth academy of Apollo Amsterdam has developed the following players who have played in the NCAA Division I. Players in bold have played minutes for the senior team in the Dutch Basketball League or BNXT League.
Top scorers by seasons
Individual awards
DBL Top Scorer
Xavier Cannefax – 2020
DBL Rookie of the Year
Berend Weijs – 2013
DBL All-Rookie Team
Lucas Steijn – 2014
Season by season
List of head coaches
The following is a list of all the head coaches of Apollo since its establishment in 2011:
Notes
References
External links
Official website
Eurobasket.com BC Apollo Amsterdam Page
Basketball teams in the Netherlands
Basketball teams established in 2011
2011 establishments in the Netherlands
Dutch Basketball League teams
Sports clubs in Amsterdam
Epçeler, Nallıhan is a village in the District of Nallıhan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
Heteropterys chrysophylla is a plant species that grows in South America and can be found from Brazil to Argentina.
References
Malpighiaceae
All of Us is the debut extended play by American girl group June's Diary. It is their first original release after appearing on the BET docs-series Chasing Destiny. The EP was released on June 30, 2018 through the independent label Music of Sound. Lyrically, the extended play discusses themes of female empowerment, heartbreak and love. The EP also features guest appearances from American rapper Trina as well as R&B singer Jussie Smollett.
Background
After the completion of Chasing Destiny, it was announced that the group would be releasing an album through Epic Records.
Commercial performance
All of Us charted at number eighteen on the Billboard Heatseekers, giving the group their first ever chart entry on Billboard.
Track listing
Charts
Release history
References
2018 debut EPs
Contemporary R&B EPs
EPs by American artists
System archetypes are patterns of behavior of a system. Systems expressed by circles of causality have therefore similar structure. Identifying a system archetype and finding the leverage enables efficient changes in a system. The basic system archetypes and possible solutions of the problems are mentioned in the section Examples of system archetypes. A fundamental property of nature is that no cause can affect the past. System archetypes do not imply that current causes affect past effects.
Circles of causality
The basic idea of system thinking is that every action triggers a reaction. In system dynamics this reaction is called feedback. There are two types of feedback – reinforcing feedback and balancing feedback. Sometimes a feedback (or a reaction) does not occur immediately – the process contains delays. Any system can be drawn as a diagram set up with circles of causality – including actions, feedbacks and delays.
Reinforcing feedback (+)
Reinforcing feedback (or amplifying feedback) accelerates the given trend of a process. If the trend is ascending, the reinforcing (positive) feedback will accelerate the growth. If the trend is descending, it will accelerate the decline. Falling of an avalanche is an example of the reinforcing feedback process.
Balancing feedback (−)
Balancing feedback (or stabilizing feedback) will work if any goal-state exists. Balancing process intends to reduce a gap between a current state and a desired state. The balancing (negative) feedback adjusts a present state to a desirable target regardless whether the trend is descending or ascending. An example of the balancing feedback process is staying upright on bicycle (when riding).
Delays
Delays in systems cause people to perceive a response to an action incorrectly. This causes an under- or overestimation of the needed action and results in oscillation, instability or even breakdown.
Examples of system archetypes
The following System Archetpyes describe the most common generic structures. Before effectively addressing a specific situation, the underlying pattern must be identified. The following Flow Diagram should help to identify these archetypes. The links between the different archetypes are an indicator of most common connections. Keep in mind that in every situation, there may be more possible ways to follow, though. Consider that everyone is located somewhere in the flow, and that every possible situation has its own advantages, down-sides, caveats, and options. Nevertheless, correctly identifying and understanding your situation is always the first step of solving your problem in a sustainable way.
Balancing process with delay
This archetype explains the system in which the response to action is delayed. If the agents do not perceive the delayed feedback, they might overshoot or underestimate the requisite action in order to reach their goals. This could be avoided by being patient or by accelerating reactions of the system to realized measures.
Example: supply chain (The Beer Game)
Limits to growth
The unprecedented growth is produced by a reinforcing feedback process until the system reaches its peak. The halt of this growth is caused by limits inside or outside of the system. However, if the limits are not properly recognized; the former methods are continuously applied, but more and more aggressively. This results in the contrary of the desired state – a decrease of the system. The solution lies in the weakening or elimination of the cause of limitation.
Example: dieting, learning foreign languages
Attractiveness Principle is an archetype derived from Limits to Growth. The main difference is that Attractiveness Principle assumes growth is limited with two or more factors.
Shifting the burden
The problem is handled by a simple solution with immediate effect, thereby "healing the symptoms". The primary source of the problem is overlooked, because its remedy is demanding and has no immediate outcome. The origin of the problem should be identified and solved in the long-term run during which the addiction to the symptomatic remedy decreases.
Example: drug addiction, paying debts by borrowing
Shifting the burden to the intervenor
A special case of the “Shifting the Burden” systems archetype that occurs when an intervenor is brought in to help solve an ongoing problem. Over time, as the intervenor successfully handles the problem, the people within the system become less capable of solving the problem themselves. They become even more dependent on the intervenor. Examples: ongoing use of outside consultants.
In simple terms, this is an archetype whereby a system grows increasingly dependent on an outside intervenor to help it function. In the short-term this works, but in the long term the system is unable to function on its own due to the dependence on the intervention and eventually fails to perform.
Eroding goals
A kind of drift to low performance archetype.
Example: balancing the public debt, sliding limits of environmental pollution
Escalation
This archetype could be seen as a non-cooperative game where both players suppose that just one of them can win. They are responding to actions of the other player in order to “defend themselves”. The aggression grows and can result in self-destructive behavior. The vicious circle can be broken by one agent stopping to react defensively and turn the game into cooperative one.
Example: arms race
Success to successful
Two people or activities need the same limited resources. As one of them becomes more successful, more resources are assigned to him/it. The second one becomes less and less successful due to lacking resources, and “prove the right decision” to support the first one. Problems occur if the competition is unhealthy and interferes with the goals of the whole system. The two activities or agents might be decoupled or they should receive balanced amount of resources.
Examples: two products of one company, work vs. family
Tragedy of the commons
Agents use common limited resource to profit individually. As the use of the resource is not controlled, the agents would like to continuously raise their benefits. The resource is therefore used more and more and the revenues of the agents are decreasing. The agents are intensifying their exploitation until the resource is completely used up or seriously damaged. To protect common resources some form of regulation should be introduced.
Example: fish stocks (The Fishing Game)
Fixes that fail
In the fixes that fail archetype, the problem is solved by some fix (a specific solution) with immediate positive effect. Nonetheless, the “side effects” of this solution turn out in the future. The best remedy seems to apply the same solution.
Example: saving costs on maintenance, paying interest by other loans (with other interests)
Growth and underinvestment
The limit to growth is the current production capacity. It can be removed by sufficient investment in new capacities. If the investment is not aggressive enough (or it is too low), the capacities are overloaded, the quality of services declines and the demand decreases. This archetype is especially important in capacity planning.
Example: small, but growing company. The models presented in the above reference are not properly formulated and results may mislead newcomers, neither are they representative of the archetypes shown on this page.
See also
The Fifth Discipline
System Dynamics
Organizational learning
Limits to Growth
Accidental Adversaries
References
External links
System archetypes
System thinking
Systems archetypes and their application (Jorge Taborga, August 2011)
The System Archetypes (William Braun, 2002.02.27) - this is a pdf document (26p)
Systems Archetypes at a Glance (Daniel H. Kim)
Archetype
The 76 mm mountain gun M-48 (AKA the Tito Gun), was developed after the Second World War to meet the requirements of Yugoslav People's Army mountain units, it can also be used as a field gun.
Description
The first M-48B-1 models may have been Czech M28 mountain guns (bought by Yugoslavia in the 1930s) relined from original 75mm calibre to Soviet 76mm (as used on their 76mm regimental and divisional guns), with muzzle-brake added to cope with increased recoil (also Skoda type, borrowed from M.36 AA model).
There have been at least five variants of the M48:
The M-48 (B-1) has pneumatic tyres and a maximum towing speed of 60 km/h. It can also be towed by animals in tandem or disassembled into eight pack loads.
The M-48 (B-1A1-I) has the pneumatic tyres and wheels as fitted to the M48 (B-1), plus some of the features of the suspension of the M48 (B-1A2).
The M-48 (B-1A2) can also be used as a field piece but cannot be towed by animals or disassembled for pack transport.
The M-48 (B-1A2) has light alloy wheels with solid rubber tyres and modified suspension, its maximum towing speed is 30 km/h.
The final production model of the 76 mm mountain gun M48 was called the B-2 about which little is known.
The was a Romanian built version which equipped mountain, paratroop and naval infantry.
Ammunition
Ammunition is of the semi-fixed type with four charges. It is based on that used for the Soviet ZiS-3 (and older) divisional guns (which fired fixed ammunition), but with reduced propelling charge:
HE M55 projectile weighing 6.2 kg with a muzzle velocity between 222 and 398 m/s;
High-explosive anti-tank (HEAT) projectile weighing 5.1 kg which will penetrate 100 mm of conventional steel armour at a range of 450 m; and
Smoke shell WP M60 weighing 6,2 kg.
HE M70 projectile weighing 6.2 kg with a muzzle velocity up to 398 m/s;
Users
10
212
95 In Service 34
215
40
?
30 (In reserve)
97
?
14
Photo Gallery
Notes
References
Chamberlain, Peter & Gander, Terry. Infantry, Mountain and Airborne Guns. New York: Arco, 1975
Jane's All the Worlds Artillery
External links
Article at Jane's
Mountain artillery
Artillery of Yugoslavia
Weapons and ammunition introduced in 1948
Mothers is a 2017 South Korean drama film directed by Lee Dong-eun, based on his 2015 novel Your Request - My Other Mother. The film stars Im Soo-jung and Yoon Chan-young.
Plot
A woman who lost her husband to an accident has to cope with raising her sixteen-year-old stepson from her husband's previous marriage.
Cast
Im Soo-jung as Hyo-jin
Yoon Chan-young as Jong-wook
Lee Sang-hee as Mi-ran
Oh Mi-yeon as Myeong-ja
Seo Shin-ae as Joo-mi
Han Joo-wan as Jeong-woo
Kim Sun-young as Yeon-hwa
Seo Jeong-yeon as Seo-yeong
Kim Min-jae as Kyung-taek
Jang Hye-jin as Jeong-hee
Woo Ji-hyun as Police officer
Kim Ja-young as Mom
Kim Tae-woo as Kyung-soo (special appearance)
Production
Principal photography began on June 20, 2017. Filming wrapped on July 27, 2017 in Cheongju.
Release
Mothers had its world premiere at the 22nd Busan International Film Festival and was released on April 19, 2018 in local cinemas.
Awards and nominations
References
External links
2017 films
2017 drama films
South Korean drama films
Films based on South Korean novels
2010s South Korean films
Klavdiya Ivanovna Shulzhenko (, ; , Kharkiv – June 17, 1984, Moscow) was a Soviet popular female singer and actress.
Biography
Shulzhenko started singing with jazz and pop bands in the late 1920s. She rose to fame in the late 1930s with her version of Sebastián Iradier's La Paloma. In 1939, she was awarded at the first all-Soviet competition of pop singers.
During World War II, Shulzhenko performed about a thousand concerts for Soviet soldiers in besieged Leningrad and elsewhere. The lyrics of one of her prewar songs, The Blue Headscarf, were adapted so as to suit wartime realities. Another iconic song of the Eastern Front (World War II), Let's Smoke, was later used by Vladimir Menshov in his Oscar-winning movie Moscow Does Not Believe in Tears.
In 1945, Shulzhenko was awarded the Order of the Red Star. She, as traditional pop singer, was named People's Artist of the USSR in 1971.
On April 10, 1976, Shulzhenko performed to enraptured audience in the House of the Unions in what would become her most famous concert.
References
External links
Klavdiya Shulzhenko on YouTube
1906 births
1984 deaths
Musicians from Kharkiv
People from Kharkov Governorate
People's Artists of the USSR
Soviet people of World War II
Soviet actresses
Soviet pop singers
Soviet sopranos
Women in World War II
Burials at Novodevichy Cemetery
Ahatlar is a village in the District of Çamlıdere, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çamlıdere District
North Havra (, ocean island) is a small island off south west Shetland. It is 30 metres at its highest point.
Situated 1/3 mile from the ness-end of South Whiteness, the island possess a lighthouse and a couple of small sheep pens (cribs), as well as a couple dozen sheep and different bird species. North Havra is currently owned by Thomas Stout who uses it for crofting.
See also
List of islands of Scotland
Uninhabited islands of Shetland
Weldon Henley (October 25, 1880 – November 16, 1960), was a Major League Baseball pitcher from 1903 to 1907. He played for the Philadelphia Athletics and Brooklyn Dodgers.
Henley made his major league debut on April 23, 1903. He pitched a no-hitter against the St. Louis Browns in the first game of a doubleheader on July 22, 1905.
Henley was the first Georgia Tech alumnus to play in the Majors. His fraternity was Sigma Nu.
References
External links
1880 births
1960 deaths
Major League Baseball pitchers
Baseball players from Georgia (U.S. state)
Philadelphia Athletics players
Brooklyn Superbas players
Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets baseball players
Memphis Egyptians players
Nashville Vols players
Atlanta Firemen players
Rochester Bronchos players
People from Jasper, Georgia
Sportspeople from the Atlanta metropolitan area
The 1983 German motorcycle Grand Prix was the fourth round of the 1983 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on the weekend of 6–8 May 1983 at the Hockenheimring.
Classification
500 cc
References
German motorcycle Grand Prix
German
Motorcycle
Typhistes comatus, is a species of spider of the genus Typhistes. It is endemic to Sri Lanka.
See also
List of Linyphiidae species
References
Linyphiidae
Spiders of Asia
Spiders described in 1894
Laura Londén (b. 1961) is a Finnish Swede diplomat, who works as the UN Assistant Secretary-General and the deputy executive director (management) of the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA). She began in these posts in December 2015, and she is responsible for developing the organization of UNFPA. She was preceded as the Assistant Secretary-General by the Danish Anne-Birgitte Albrectsen.
Londén studied political science at Åbo Akademi in Turku. She graduated in 1988, majoring in public law and public administration theory. Her master's thesis was entitled “Asylrätt och flyktingar i Finland — med speciell hänsyn till beviljande av asyl och omhändertagande av flyktingar” (‘Right of asylum and refugees in Finland — with special attention to the granting of asylum and taking care of refugees'). After graduation she worked for a few months in the Malax municipality in Ostrobothnia, as the secretary of refugee affairs, organizing things for Vietnamese refugees. After that she has been employed for 25 years in the service of the UN. She has worked with refugee affairs, peacekeeping and administration.
Londén has worked in the headquarters and field offices of several UN organizations, e.g. in New York City, Sierra Leone, Israel, Bosnia, East Timor, Croatia, Switzerland, Austria, and Liberia. During 2010–2015 she lived in Jordan. During 2012–2015 she worked there as the director of human resources at UNRWA, in which capacity she had 32 000 subordinates.
During 2004–2006 she worked in administrational duties in Sierra Leone, after which she was director of logistics for UNRWA peace keeping functions. During 2007–2012 she worked as the Agency's Director of Administrative Support from 2007 to 2012, during which time she also concurrently led the Agency's enterprise resource planning project for almost three years.
The UNFPA focuses on questions of population and development issues, with special emphasis on women's and girls' rights and sexual and reproduction health issues. This includes family planning, and efforts to lower mother and infant mortality rate.
As she started in her new jobs, Londén was especially concerned about the funding of the UN. “I see everywhere what funding cuts lead to”, she said.
Londén is preceded in the position of Assistant Secretary-General by e.g. the Finns Helvi Sipilä and Martti Ahtisaari.
References
1961 births
Living people
Under-Secretaries-General of the United Nations
Finnish officials of the United Nations
Finnish expatriates in Jordan
Finnish expatriates in Sierra Leone
Swedish-speaking Finns
Åbo Akademi University alumni
