Little is known about Saint Bryvyth (Brevita), although the parish church in Lanlivery, Cornwall is dedicated to her. There is also a well dedicated to her in woodland just outside the village.
St Bryvyth is mentioned in three documents before the Reformation; in two she is said to be a woman and in one, a man but modern tradition has preferred the female identity.
In the first known source from 1423, the saint is mentioned as Briueta and later than Breutta (1473), Bryvyth (1539) and Brevita (1763). It has been suggested that the name comes from the Latin brevis vita meaning 'short life'.
See also
St Brevita's Church, Lanlivery
References
Medieval English saints
Medieval Cornish saints
Christian saints in unknown century
Kibbie may refer to:
Food
Kibbeh, a dish of meat mixed with bulgur and spices, popular in the Middle East
People
Hod Kibbie (1903–1975), American baseballer
Jack Kibbie (born 1929), Iowa State Senator
James Kibbie (born 1949), American concert organist, recording artist, and pedagogue
Places
Kibbie Dome, a multi-purpose indoor athletic stadium
Kibbie Lake, a lake which lies in the Yosemite National Park in the USA
Kibbie, Illinois
Kibbie, Michigan
See also
Kibbee, a list of people with the surname
Kibby (disambiguation)
Kibbe (surname)
Changra is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2748 living in 532 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Doti District
Populated places in Doti District
David Johns is an American painter.
David Johns may also refer to:
David Johns (cricketer) (1921–1979), English cricketer
Dave Johns (born 1956), comedian
David Mervyn Johns (1899–1992), Welsh film and television character actor
David Johns (antiquary) of Ynysymaengwyn
See also
David John (disambiguation)
David Jones (disambiguation)
Clube Desportivo Scorpions Vermelho de Santa Cruz is a football (soccer) club that plays in the Santiago Island League North Zone of the Grupo Centro Sul in Cape Verde. The team is based in the town of Santa Cruz in the southeastern part of the island of Santiago and plays at Estádio Municipal 25 de Julho west of town. Since the implementation of the two tier regional system in 2015, Scorpion Vermelho are one of ten unrelegated clubs of northern Santiago.
Along with Tarrafal's Beira-Mar and Varandinha, it is considered being the most popular club of the North Zone. It may become the North Zone's top five clubs in 2016.
History
The club was founded in 2003, the club was formed in the late 1990s. It is named after a red scorpion as there is on the island, the Cape Verde red scorpion (Hottentotta caboverdensis) which is the island's and the country's only scorpion founded and listed in the endangered list. The first club of the name is not the Portuguese name for scorpion which is escorpião, it is the English name, the last name is Portuguese for red. Its English name is not known as the Red Scorpions, especially translingual, but Scorpion Vermelho. The Capeverdean Creole of ALUPEC is called Scorpion Bermedju and not Skorpion Bermedju.
Regional competitions
The club was registered in 2006 and participated their first season in 2007. In April 2007, the team won their first zonal (now regional) title in the team's history, they won their second straight in 2008. The club would play in the first and second phases for some seasons. Later, two more titles were won in 2010 and 2013.
Before winning three more championship titles, Scorpion Vermelho also won a cup title for 2007 and later won their only super cup title later in the year. In 2012, they won their last regional cup title.
Scorpion Vermelho celebrated its 10th anniversary of the club's foundation in 2013.
In May 2016, a championship declaration dispute arose between Scorpion Vermelho and Varandinha as in a match as on an April 3 match (19th round) featuring Desportivo Santa Cruz and Scorpion Vermelho that Desportivo fielded an ineligible player, it occurred after the goals were scored and the award to Scorpion Vermelho in mid-May was revoked just before the start of the national season and the 2–0 result was kept and Scorpion Vermelho's second place position was kept, it delayed the first round national match which Varandinha played.
Nonetheless, Scorpion Vermelho got their best season ever for the records with the extended 2015–16 season, they finished with 18 wins, 7 draws, scored 57 goals and had 61 points, all were club records. Regionally it is ahead of Benfica de Santa Cruz's 46 and AJAC de Calheta's 45 made in 2017, until 2016, third in the region was Desportivo de Santa Cruz. Overall in goal scoring of any regional leagues in the country, it is a goal ahead of Brava's Juventude da Furna but behind South Santo Antão's Académica do Porto Novo, Sporting Brava, and several clubs of Fogo, the highest being Spartak d'Aguadinha has its own goal scoring records higher than Varandinha's. In the highest points of each season of any of the island leagues, it was once held by Sporting Praia of the Santiago South Zone until 2016 with 49 points, Scorpion Vermelho would have the nation's second highest of any of the regional championships behind Varandinha and ahead of Sporting with a total of 55, from 2017 Boavista Praia with 51, on March 22, 2018, it is now ahead of Académica da Praia currently at 56. Scorpion Vermelho's second total of any regional competitions is kept at 61.
Scorpion Vermelho started off the 2016–17 season last place after a 0–4 loss to Estrela dos Amadores, Scorpion defeated Juventus 0–3 and became 6th. On December 29, a two goal draw with Grêmio Nhágar was followed but dropped its positions to 8th. They did not pick up a position until they defeated Flor Jovem 3–2 on January 29 and then 6th after they defeated Desportivo Santa Cruz, originally for February 12, it was rescheduled to the 25th as the referees needed money for some rounds especially of the season. Scorpion Vermelho had a few scoreless draws later, though they defeated Estrelas dos Amadores at the 12th round and again picked a position to 5th, after they made a victory over Benfica Santa Cruz on March 25 and was 4th place, their highest reached. Their positions plummeted slowly, 5th after a loss to Beira Mar, inbetween was the club's last won as they defeated AJAC 4–3 on April 13, later they were 6th at the 20th round after a loss to Calheta de São Miguel, the first of three straight losses, they the last two to Desportivo de Santa Cruz and Tarrafal's Varandinha and Scorpion Vermelho finished 8th with 30 points, 8 wins, 7 draws and losses and scored 30 goals.
Scorpion Vermelho started off the 2017–18 season with a goal draw with Flor Jovem, their season's first won was on November 25 as they defeated Benfica. Two straight wins came after their loss to Varandinha on December 2. A single goal draw was made with GDR São Lourenço and is now second place at the sixth round. They had 4 wins with their recent with the score 4–1 over Tarrafal's Beira Mar, their recent was over Flor Jovem on February 17. Two straight draws, a scoreless one with Benfica Santa Cruz and a goal apiece with Varandinha at the 12th round. The club is now first place with 20 points, shared with Flor Jovem and had 14 goals, a seven difference over their 8 conceded. They were still first with 24 points and had 6 wins sharing with four other clubs including the top four clubs, their last win was over AJAC on March 3 in Calheta. A round later, they defeated São Lourenço 0–5 and gained a greater chance for another regional title, they had 27 points, this gained with their win over Estrela dos Amadores and they got it after their win over ailing Calheta and heads for the fifth time at the nationals. The final match of the season will be against Tarrafal's Beira Mar.
National competition
Scorpion Vermelho entered the Capeverdean National Division for the first time in history and participated in Group B. It was the second club from the municipality and their second participation. Their first match was a win over Santo Antão North's Rosariense 1–0, their second straight win and their last was made over Sporting Clube do Porto Novo of the south of the same island and another result of 2–0. The club's next three matches ended in losses, the match with Vulcânicos was the club's last goal scored for the season and the last two that conceded a goal, the club finished fifth. Later Scorpion Vermelho made their only appearance at the 2007 Cape Verdean Cup and was unsuccessful for the club. Scorpion Vermelho participated again in 2008 and was placed in Group B, no wins would be made, on May 10, the club lost to São Vicente's FC Derby 4–1 and became the worst match ever for the club. The first of two draws were made, no goal were scored in the match with AD Bairro (or ADESBA) who was runner-up of the south of the island's Premier Division. The match against Académica da Calheta do Maio was cancelled and officially ended in a draw without goals awarded to the clubs. Scorpion Vermelho finished last for the season.
Their next two participations were all in Group B, Scorpion Vermelho came back for the 2010 season and made the club's greatest success. One exception was their first match lost to Académico do Aeroporto do Sal 3–1 at the first round. The club made two straight wins first over Sporting Boa Vista then Maio's Barreirense, the last match was the club's last win at the nationals. The last two matches ended in a loss first to Ribeira Brava from São Nicolau then to Sporting Praia from down south. One part of the success was they scored 7 goals, the highest ever for the club and finished 3rd failing to qualify into the knockout stage. Their position was their greatest at the national championships. Three years later, they made their last appearance in the 2013 national championships, they made almost no success that season. Their first match of the season was a scoreless draw with Maio's Académico 83. The remaining four matches were losses, the last match of the season saw their last goal scored for the club in a match with Sporting Praia from down south, it ended in a 3–1 loss.
At the nationals, they have 15 points, a number equalling to their goals, 4 wins and draws, they also played 20 matches.
Logo and uniform
Its logo features the crest with the green ribbon reading the club name with the top left colored white and features a scorpion and the bottom right colored blue and features a boat.
Honours
Santiago North Island Championships/Premier Division: 5
2006/07, 2007/08, 2009/10, 2012/13, 2017/18
Santiago North Cup: 3
2006/07, 2011/12, 2013
Santiago North Super Cup: 1
2006/07
League and cup history
National championship
Island/Regional Championship
Statistics
Best position: 3rd, Group B (Regular Season, National)
Appearances at the championships:
National: 5
Regional: 10
Total matches played: 19 (national)
Total matches played at home: 9
Total matches played away: 10
Total points: 15 (national)
Total wins: 4 (national)
Total wins at home: 3
Total wins away: 1
Total draws: 3 (national)
Total draws at home: 1
Total draws away: 1 and 1 awarded
Total goals scored: 15 (national)
Best season: 2016 (18 wins, 7 draws, 57 goals, 61 points)
Highest number of goals scored in a season:
National: 7 (national), in 2010
Regional: 57, in 2016 – club record
Highest number of points in a season:
National: 6, in 2007 and 2010
Regional: 61, in 2016 – club record
Highest number of wins in a season: 18 (regional) – club record
Highest number of draws in a season: 2 (national), in 2008
Highest scoring match at the National Championships: three matches with two goals:
Sporting Porto Novo 0–2 Scorpion Vermelho, 19 May 2007
Scorpion Vermelho 2–0 Sporting Boavista, 15 May 2010
Scorpion Vermelho 2–1 Barreirense, 22 May 2010
Lowest number of goals scored in a season: 5 (national), in 2007
Lowest number of points in a season: 1 (national), in 2013
Highest number of goals conceded in a season: 8 (national), in 2008 and 2010
Highest number of matches lost in a season: 4 (national), 2015
Total losses: 14 (national)
Total goals conceded: 27 (national)
Worst defeat: Derby 4–1 Scorpion Vermelho, 10 May 2008
References
External links
Scorpion Vermelho at Web Cup
Scorpion Vermelho at Sports Mídia
Football clubs in Santiago, Cape Verde
Cape Verdean Football Championships clubs
Santiago Island League (North) Premier Division
Santa Cruz, Cape Verde
2003 establishments in Cape Verde
Association football clubs established in 2003
Gregg Hoffman (June 11, 1963 – December 4, 2005), born in Phoenix, Arizona, was a film producer responsible for developing Saw and Saw II. He studied communications, law and economics at American University in Washington, D.C. Hoffman was working on Saw III, Saw IV, and other films for Twisted Pictures when he died in a hospital in Hollywood, California of natural causes. He was 42 years old at his death. The movie Dead Silence (2007) was dedicated to him. He was also thanked in the film Gross Misconduct, mentioned as dedicatee for Saw III, and posthumously credited with producing the Saw films from 2007 through 2021.
Filmography
Only You (1992)
George of the Jungle 2 (2003)
Saw (2004)
Saw II (2005)
Saw III (2006)
Dead Silence (2007)
Catacombs (2007)
Saw IV (2007; posthumously)
Saw V (2008; posthumously)
Saw VI (2009; posthumously)
Saw 3D (2010; posthumously)
Jigsaw (2017; posthumously)
Spiral (2021; executive; posthumously)
References
External links
1963 births
2005 deaths
Businesspeople from Phoenix, Arizona
Burials at Mount Sinai Memorial Park Cemetery
American University alumni
Film producers from Arizona
20th-century American businesspeople
Pakhus 48 is a former warehouse of the Free Port of Copenhagen, Denmark, now housing showrooms for a number of design and furniture companies. Owned by Copenhagen City and Port, the building has an area of 3,000 square metres.
Companies
Companies with showrooms in the building are:
Fritz Hansen
Kvadrat
Erik Jørgensen
Grid
VOLA
Montana
Luceplan
References
External links
Official website
Nordhavn, Copenhagen
Warehouses in Copenhagen
Danish design
Special Forces of Zimbabwe are the units of the Zimbabwe National Army that operate as special forces. These forces have been deployed in several African conflicts, including the Mozambique Civil War and the Second Congo War.
Antecedents
In 1980 Prime Minister Robert Mugabe declared integration of Rhodesian Army, which at independence was the existing army, with the two guerilla armies: Zimbabwe African National Liberation Army (ZANLA) and Zimbabwe People's Revolutionary Army (ZIPRA). This meant Rhodesian Special forces were quickly disbanded and refounded. The Selous Scouts were disbanded and became the 1 Parachute Regiment. 1 Commando Brigade was created based on the Rhodesian Light Infantry and Rhodesian African Rifles. British advisors refounded the Special Air Service. Special Forces selection and training were taken from the ones used by Rhodesian army Special forces.
The first operation of the new Special Forces lasted from December 5 to 9 in 1984. Operation Lemon comprised elements of 3 Brigades, the Parachute Group and Special Air Service. Special Forces were deployed to Mozambique to protect the Beira Corridor railway link between Zimbabwe and the port of Beira.
Composition
According to Jane's Special Forces Recognition Guide, Special Forces in the Zimbabwe National Army include:
One Commando Regiment (formerly One Commando Battalion, previously the Rhodesian Light Infantry), based at Cranborne Barracks, Harare. The commando regiment is led by Lieutenant Colonel Hwami Vengesai. Selection phase include four-day navigating day and night in the Zambezi Valley while carrying a 30 kg weight on an empty stomach. Selection course runs for 21 days starting at the regiment and completed by a final 120 km 48 hour navigation to wafa wafa training grounds in Kariba. Further training curriculum includes river crossing, mountain climbing, reconnaissance, anti-hijacking, sniping, unarmed combat, tracking and bush craft. Also included is jungle survival on wild fruits and natural remedies for medical treatment. The training curriculum and professional standards are reported extremely demanding that those who complete it is highly respected in the ZNA. Upon completion of selection and training, the soldiers graduate and are allowed to wear the distinguishing features of the commando regiment, and identify themselves as Commandos. Their operators wear the Tartan Green beret and stable belt, the Commando dagger patch on the side of the chest, and the shoulder tabs engraved commando and special forces. The men in character are said to be different from other regular soldiers. Their character profile is found with it courage, discipline, fearlessness, above average motivation, supreme aggression, a willingness to engage in lawfully extreme military violence to solve violent problems, that they are the deadliest and the best, physically very fit, that nobody is better than them,that they never will run away from the enemy or surrender in battle, that where regular troops have failed is where their job starts, that they are the cream of the ZNA. Their motto is "No mission is impossible until one drops dead". Together with the SAS they are said to be the GI Joe's of the ZNA.
One Parachute Regiment (sometimes referred to as Parachute Group) at Andre' Rabie Barracks just north of Harare. The Regiment was originally reconstituted from the Selous Scouts Regiment. The Regiment is led by Lieutenant Colonel Charles Mazaiwana. Paras wear Maroon beret.
Combat Diving Unit. Special Boat Squadron based in Nyami Nyami Kariba
Special Air Service - once based at Kabrit Barracks, adjacent to Harare Airport and at Inkomo barracks under the command of Colonel Panga Kufa. The SAS never allowed women to be recruited into the unit. In principle it is the equivalent of US army's Delta Force,UK 22 SAS regiment and Sayeret Matkal of the Israeli army. It is directly directly modelled after the British SAS. Members of the Unit wear the sandy/beige beret with the flaming dagger imprinted their motto: Who Dares Wins. The Zimbabwe SAS beret, blue stable belt and other distinguishing features are generally the same as those of UK 22 SAS regiment showing their parentage and historical deep close links that once existed between the units. Members of the unit do not wear their uniform distinguishing features publicly even during other army programs but wear those of other units outside their premises.This unit maintains close links with the Military Intelligence Directorate as well as reports directly to the head of state. It is revered as the premier and finest unit of the Zimbabwe special forces. Selection and training are the regarded as the most extensive, and toughest of any course ZNA has to offer. It is designed to select personnel with the requisite character and profile to be capable to serve as SAS men.Selection and training are continuous while serving in this unit. The standards for selection, training to produce an SAS soldier are very high that even the tough courses of the elite commando and Parachute regiments are shamed. This unit has close links to the Zimbabwe Parachute regiment as does the UK SAS and its Parachute regiment and most volunteers who make up the SAS have generally an airborne background from the Parachute regiment. Zim SAS operators are to solve and conduct the most complex and difficult special operations far beyond the proficiency or capability of any other unit of the Zimbabwe security forces. The Zim SAS being a special task force are trained first and foremost as a deep reconnaissance field intelligence-gathering unit behind enemy lines to obtain both tactical and strategic intelligence. It is also trained to serve as the premier special operations force conducting counter-terrorism, hostage rescue, the clandestine elimination of terrorists/terrorism both within and without the borders of the country, surgical/precision strikes of very high value targets, HALO/HAHO parachuting, high risk sensitive missions, direction of air strikes, counter insurgency,long range reconnaissance, special reconnaissance, VIP protection, anti hijacking, blackmail, sabotage, infiltration, kidnapping, direct action, surreptitious entry, psychological warfare, intimidation, counterintelligence, advance security operations, scrounging, assassinations, foreign internal defense, chemical and biological warfare, siege breaking, linguistics, proficiency in small arms, navigation, camouflage, stealth, unarmed combat, close quarter battle amongst others. They possess the capability of also training, organising, and advising a host nations para-military and military forces for the sustenance of internal security. When called for, they also possess the capabilities of aiding other Zimbabwe government agencies in the pursuit of strategic national operations. The Zim SAS is the most secretive of all Zimbabwe army units and the government never acknowledges their existence nor is its information readily available. Close links once exited between UK 22 SAS regiment and Zim SAS even cross training together to exchange skills and raise quality. However, since Zimbabwe conducted land reforms and severed good relations with the UK and its allies, the Zim SAS suffered by being excluded from participating in such crucial exchange programs. It remains the only unit in Africa and the only black country officially authorised to wear the distinguishing features of an "SAS operator" and also use the title, "Special Air Service". From their exploits in the Secnd Congo war, the SAS and commando regiments are forever honored from their professional performance as the greatest ever special forces to ever operate on African soil and for that type of warfare. It is reported that some members of the Presidential guard soldiers at state house of the past political dispensation in rebellion against poor salaries fired shots of in protest again the president. However, four SAS men went given the mission to directly assault the guards at state House, successfully resolving the impasse with only four SAS men who faced negligee resistance given their force methods. In the Zim Army, they are the most respected, mysterious and feared unit. They are regarded as the top of the cream, the tip of the spear, razor sharp universal soldiers.
Zimbabwe Mounted Infantry or Grey's Scouts, a horse-mounted reconnaissance unit. The main unit used to be based at Guinea Fowl. The battalion conducts border patrols and anti-poaching operations. The regiment is commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Bothwell Brian Chigaba.
Boat Squadron with five sub-units:
A Troop, with a strength of 40 men, equipped with a few interceptor craft.
B Troop with assault boats to ferry troops ashore
C Troop, with a large transporter, the Ubique—a 72 tonne landing craft capable of carrying 30 tonnes of men and equipment including armoured cars. Ubique was also armed with 12.7 and 7.62 mm machine guns for self-protection and covering fire purposes.
D Troop, a support group trained for protecting beachheads and making assault landings for non-specialised units, employing mortar and support weapons.
E Troop was deployed for the purposes of guarding the harbours on Lake Kariba and around the rest of the squadron, as required.
There is also a diving school, equipped with a decompression chamber, operated in
conjunction with the commandos.
Operations
Angola
Some sources claim Zimbabwean commandos led the final assault on UNITA leading to the eventual killing of Jonas Savimbi. Zimbabwe sent 2,000 troops to help the Angola government end the war.
Mozambique
Special Forces launched several searches and destroy operations against RENAMO guerrillas.
5–9 December 1984 the Parachute Group and Special Air Service (SAS) spearheaded Operation Lemon.
20 August 1985 in Operation Grapefruit the Parachute Group and One Command Battalion supported 3 Brigades in taking over the MNR Muxamba base.
28 August 1985 SAS and Commando Regiment units lead raid on Casa Banana.
24 January 1986 in Operation Octopus, Paras and Commandos were dropped near Marromeu to secure the town and the sugar refinery. 27 January 1986 several Para drops were made in support of the operation.
Congo
Zimbabwean commandos led by Captain Chrispen Nyachiwowo defended Kinshasa at the last minute when it was on the brink of falling to rebels and invading Ugandan and Rwandan army units. On this last-minute defense of Kinshasa, nothing but professionalism and history was made, registering Zimbabwean commandos to arguably be amongst the world's best as only 24 men from diamond squadron were used for the 24-hour special mission with 20 returning alive reporting mission complete. The mission was very tough as the enemy was just left with but a few hours to declare DRC a colony, Kinshasa being surrounded and overrun by armed rebels until the Zim commandos arrived in enviable style around 12 noon and the following day around 12 noon after heavy fighting and successfully repelling the enemy sabed DRC. Nothing but tactical superiority and better trained special men rendered the mission a success. The names of these deadly commandos are engraved on a roll of honor at the commando barracks in exemplary remembrance to the High standards and excellence demanded of those qualified to wear the tartan green beret and dagger. Due to the river networks in the DRC, the Boat Squadron saw extensive use during the course of Zimbabwe's involvement.
In August 1998, the ZDF had one SAS squadron supporting a battalion of paratroopers defending N'Djili from a Rwandan offensive. The Parachute Regiment suffered a heavy blow when 15 soldiers and their CASA 212 were captured after landing on an airstrip already controlled by the invading forces. It is believed the DRC government army unit they were supposed to join had defected to the rebels.
Zimbabwean SAS ambushed a column of rebel Type-59 tanks close to Kinshasa, knocking out the lead tank and creating panic in the rest of crews that abandoned their tanks and ran away. When the rebels attacked the airport, Zimbabwean SAS and paratroopers remained in possession of the military side of the airport plus the control tower and eventually defeated the offensive.
The battle of Kinshasa was won by the Air force of Zimbabwe, which operated from the section of the airport controlled by ZDF troops. It played a crucial role in the securing of Kinshasa as the ZNA could not move since the rebels were all over the place. It was the jets of 5 squadrons, which played a crucial role together with helicopter squadrons of the AFZ who managed to neutralise the rebels by destroying their tanks and heavy artillery.
The AFZ gained much respect as they demonstrated expertise and professionalism throughout the entire war. It was the Zimbabwean airmen who secured the Matadi corridor, Bukavu and the Inga dam with the support of the Zim commandos, SAS, Paras and Amphibious sqn.
For more on past operations please see the Zimbabwe National Army page.
See also
Special forces of Rhodesia
References
External links
Brief history of ZNA's Mounted Infantry & Parachute Battalion
Military units and formations of Zimbabwe
USS Terebinth (AN-59) – laid down as USS Balm (YN-78) – was a which served with the U.S. Navy during World War II. Terebinth served in the Pacific Ocean theatre of operations and was awarded a battle star for her participation in the Okinawa campaign. Post-war she was decommissioned and sold.
Constructed in North Carolina
Terebinth (AN-59) was laid down as Balm (YN-78) on 24 March 1943 at New Bern, North Carolina, by the Barbour Boat Works; launched on 19 August 1943; sponsored by Mrs. J. M. Mitchell; renamed Terebinth on 7 December 1943; redesignated AN-59 on 20 January 1944; and commissioned on 5 August 1944.
World War II service
Assigned to the Pacific theatre
Terebinth departed Morehead City, North Carolina, on 6 August to complete fitting out at the Norfolk Navy Yard. On 24 August, the net laying ship steamed to Melville, Rhode Island, for shakedown training which she completed on 11 September. After operating in the 5th Naval District out of Norfolk, Virginia, for two months, the net layer got underway on 16 November for the U.S. West Coast. She transited the Panama Canal on 27 November and reached San Francisco, California, on 20 December 1944.
On 26 January 1945, Terebinth headed for Hawaii and arrived at Pearl Harbor on 7 February. The following week, the net layer joined a convoy which proceeded, via Johnston Island and Eniwetok, to Ulithi. She was there from 6 to 11 March when she joined units of Mine Squadron 10 bound for the Philippines. The ships arrived at San Pedro Bay 10 days later, prepared for the invasion of the Ryukyu Islands, and sortied on 19 March. They arrived off Kerama Retto on 26 March, and troops of the 77th Infantry Division landed on the beaches there at 0800 that morning.
By afternoon, the main islands of the group were under American control, and Terebinth began net laying operations in the Aka Shima channel. The northern mooring was completed in the afternoon, and the last of the net was in place before nightfall. The southern mooring was completed the next morning.
Terebinth survives attack
The invasion fleet came under enemy air attack on the first day of the campaign, and raids continued throughout the struggle for the island. A new hazard appeared on the morning of 28 March when lookouts on Terebinth sighted an unlighted boat approaching the ship's starboard bow. When challenged, the craft did not reply. Since the unidentified vessel was too close for Terebinth to bring her 3-inch gun to bear, the ship's gunners opened fire with small arms. The boat dropped a depth charge near Terebinth, veered to starboard, and sped off as a violent explosion shook the net layer. Terebinth was not damaged.
She then took station at the eastern side of the southern net entrance to Kerama Retto and directed traffic as it entered. The ship remained at this task until 6 April when she joined a salvage group off the Hagushi beaches to aid in retrieving landing craft. On 29 March, she went alongside the damaged and supplied the transport with electricity for four days while it attended to the needs of wounded men who had been evacuated from the beaches. Terebinth remained in the Ryukyus until 6 July when she retired to Leyte.
End-of-war operations
Terebinth departed San Pedro, California, on 12 August and was approximately south of Peleliu on 15 August when she received orders to cease offensive operations against Japan. Two days later, she anchored at Ulithi and began repairing, replacing, and salvaging buoys and nets. She then moved to Kossol Roads in the Palaus to continue the same tasks. On 14 October, the net laying ship set course for Tanapag harbor, Saipan, with a load of nets. She arrived there on 19 October and got underway for the United States on 26 October.
Post-war decommissioning
Terebinth arrived at San Diego on 27 November 1945 and, the next day, moved up the coast to San Pedro for inactivation. She was decommissioned on 31 January 1946 and struck from the Navy list on 26 February 1946. The ship was sold to Van Camp Seafood Company, San Pedro, California, on 23 April 1946.
Honors and awards
Terebinth received one battle star for her participation in the Okinawa campaign.
References
NavSource Online: Service Ship Photo Archive – YN-78 / AN-59 Terebinth
Ailanthus-class net laying ships of the United States Navy
Ships built in New Bern, North Carolina
1943 ships
World War II net laying ships of the United States
The Dwarf may refer to:
The Dwarf (Lagerkvist novel), a 1944 novel by Pär Lagerkvist
The Dwarf (Cho Se-hui novel), a 1978 novel by Cho Se-hui
Der Zwerg (The Dwarf), an opera by Alexander von Zemlinsky
The Man from Another Place from the Twin Peaks series by David Lynch
Mutanda may refer to:
Mutanda, Zambia, a town in Solwezi District, north-western Zambia
Lake Mutanda, a small freshwater lake in Uganda.
Mutanda Mine, an open-pit copper mine in the Katanga Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Üzümlü, Kaş is a village in the District of Kaş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kaş District
Saba Valadkhan () is an Iranian American biomedical scientist, and an Assistant Professor and RNA researcher at Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland, Ohio. In 2005, she was awarded the GE / Science Young Scientist Award for her breakthrough in understanding the mechanism of spliceosomes - "akin to finding the Holy Grail of the splicing catalysis field" - a critical area of research, given that "20 percent or 30 percent of all human genetic diseases are caused by mistakes that the spliceosome makes".
Education
Valadkhan qualified as a medical doctor at Tehran University of Medial Sciences in Iran in 1996. She moved to America to pursue her Ph.D. at Columbia University, New York. In 2004, she joined as an Assistant Professor Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland, Ohio.
Doctoral research
Valadkhan studied the role of small nuclear RNAs in the human spliceosome under the supervision of Prof. James Manley. The main focus of her research is elucidating the structure and function of the catalytic core of the spliceosome by taking advantage of a novel, minimal spliceosome she recently developed. This minimal system, which consists of only two spliceosomal snRNAs, catalyzes a reaction identical to the splicing reaction. In addition to providing direct evidence for RNA catalysis in the spliceosome, and thus, settling the longstanding and central question of the identity of the catalytic domain, the minimal system provides a novel and powerful tool for studying the structure and function of the spliceosome.
Awards and honours
Valadkhan was presented with the Harold Weintraub award from the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center in Seattle for her doctoral thesis. She was named a Searle Scholar in 2004. She was also awarded the American Association for Advancement of Science (AAAS) Young Scientist Grand Prize in the same year.
In 2006, she became a founding member of the Rosalind Franklin Society. She was also honoured with the Nsoroma Award from Cleveland Chapter of the National Technical Association in 2006.
See also
List of famous Iranian women
References
External links
Interview
Women molecular biologists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Iranian women scientists
Iranian women physicians
Iranian emigrants to the United States
Columbia University alumni
Case Western Reserve University faculty
Iranian biologists
Molecular biologists
Iranian expatriate academics
20th-century Iranian physicians
River Torrent is a river in County Tyrone, Northern Ireland which enters the River Blackwater approximately 4 km (2.5 mi) from Maghery ferry. It previously acted as a source of industrial waterpower. The river runs through the small village of Newmills in East Tyrone, situated three miles north of Dungannon. Donaghmore village is situated adjacent to the River Torrent, formerly known as the Torrent Flow.
Geology
The Torrent is a long meandering river, which drains the hills to the north-west of Dungannon. The underlying geology is varied and includes basal clastic, carboniferous limestone, coal and Old Red Sandstone. In the upper reaches, the river channel is shallow and narrow with pebble/cobble substrate and sandy banks. Downstream the banks are vegetated with tall grasses and native tree species. There are also fishing weirs. In its lower reaches, the Torrent widens and runs parallel to the Coalisland Canal.
Dukart's Canal
Dukart's Canal was built to provide transport for coal from the Drumglass Collieries to the Coalisland Canal, in County Tyrone. The most prominent canal structure still extant is the ashlar stone aqueduct at Newmills, built around 1778, where the canal was carried over the River Torrent.
See also
List of rivers of Northern Ireland
References
Rivers of County Tyrone
New Rizvia Society (also called Rizvia Society Phase-II) is a residential colony situated in Karachi near Safoora Goth, KDA Scheme No.33, opposite to Karachi Institute of Radiotherapy and Nuclear Medicine (KIRAN) Sindh, Pakistan. New Rizvia Society exclusively provides residential plots to Shia Muslims.
The society is properly secured by a complete boundary wall around it. Only one gate is open for entry and exit from Kiran Hospital Road, which is secured by highly trained and armed guards. As a nice and clean society, with proper roads, New Rizvia Society has proven to be popular amongst Shia Muslims, who like to live a bit outside the pollution of the inner city. You will find houses in the society ranging from 240 to 1000 square yards.
The society is in relative proximity to Jinnah International Airport, University of Karachi and Malir Cantonment. On one side of the society, after the Safooran Roundabout, you will find University Road, which leads into downtown Karachi 15 km away, while on the other side you will find the Super Highway, which leads to the city of Hyderabad 136 km away. At the head of University Road, you will find some shops and stores and good food places. There is also a Bank Al-Habib and a Soneri Bank Ltd to be found on Kiran Hospital Rd, as well as several other banks on University Road.
Many famous religious scholars like Hassan Zafar, Ali Safdar, Faisal Raza Abidi and others live there. The society also has a large Imam Bargah named Samarah in the middle of the society. In November 2016, an outspoken Pakistani Shia leader, and former member of the Senate of Pakistan, Faisal Raza Abidi, was arrested from his residence in New Rizvia Society, during a large-scale operation. While visiting distressed families of the March 2013 Karachi bombing, the Governor of Sindh suggested that residential arrangements be made in New Rizvia Society, for Abbas Town blast survivors.
References
External links
Panoramic views at Google Map
Shia Islam in Pakistan
Kevin Langton Brown (1933–2000) was an Australian rugby league footballer who played in the 1950s and 1960s. He was a three-time premiership winning prop-forward with the St George Dragons.
Career
Kevin Brown was a prop-forward and played for the St George Dragons for nine seasons between 1953 and 1961. He made four grand final appearances for the Dragons, initially losing the 1953 match, but winning premierships with St George in 1956, 1957 and 1961. Brown represented New South Wales on two occasions between 1957 and 1958. Injuries finally curtailed his first grade career resulting in his retirement after winning the grand final in 1961. He later captain-coached in Condobolin, New South Wales before hanging up his boots in the mid 1960s.
He also player with Wagga Magpies and Temora Dragons. Played in the Temora Grand Final Side coached by Doug Rickertson in 1970 against West Wyalong, beaten by one point. Also coached the Temora Reserve Grade team to the grand final in the same year. That team was beaten by Griffith Black and Whites after captain Brendan Michael was carted off with a broken forearm in the first five minutes of that game.
References
Australian rugby league players
St. George Dragons players
New South Wales rugby league team players
City New South Wales rugby league team players
1933 births
2000 deaths
Rugby league props
Sportsmen from New South Wales
The Delhi Cloth Mills Trophy, known simply as D.C.M. Trophy, was an invitational football tournament in India. It was held annually in New Delhi and was organised by the local Delhi Football Association. It was India's first football tournament to provide the national clubs with international exposure due to participation of international clubs from Asia and Europe.
History
The tournament was established in 1945 by Bharat Ram and Charat Ram of the Delhi Cloth & General Mills textile conglomerate.
Delhi's local teams won the first two editions; since then, clubs from Calcutta have dominated the 1950s and early 1960s, and foreign clubs since the late 1960s. The tournament has not been organised since 1997 due to fixture congestion and various restructuring policies in Indian club football. Mohun Bagan was the last winner of the tournament.
Results
Notes:
1. Bayerischer withdrew from the replay, so April 25 were declared winners
2. East Bengal were declared winners as Dok Ro Gang refused to play extra time
3. Joint winners after replay
4. Joint winners after replay
5. Abandoned in the 83rd minute due to a riot
References
Defunct football competitions in India
1945 establishments in India
Recurring sporting events established in 1945
Annual sporting events in India
Sport in New Delhi
Football in Delhi
The Midland Railway – Butterley is a heritage railway at Butterley, near Ripley in Derbyshire.
History
Overview
The Midland Railway – Butterley lies on the Ambergate to Pye Bridge line of the old Midland Railway, a line once connecting the Derwent Valley branch of Midland Main Line to the Erewash Valley. A branch leading to the south to Ripley station was in use from 1889 until 1923. The sole historical station on the line is Butterley, which opened in 1875. The current line extends westwards from Codnor Park Junction on the Erewash Valley Line, although the present-day heritage line terminates at Hammersmith. The line currently runs for from Hammersmith via Butterley, Swanwick Junction and Riddings to Ironville. It is operated and maintained by the Midland Railway Trust.
Use
The Ambergate to Pye Bridge line, during its operation, was used to serve the collieries of Marehay, Hartshay, Pentrich, Swanwick and Britain Pit. The current Swanwick Junction station lies on the former site of Brand's Colliery. The line also provided rail access for the site of the Butterley Company.
The railway is also home to the narrow gauge Golden Valley Light Railway, which opened in 1991. It partially lies on the trackbed of a former plateway built by the Butterley Company in 1813 to connect its iron works facilities in Butterley to nearby Codnor Park.
Closure and restoration
The line was closed in 1968 and the process of restoring the line started in 1973. Much of the former track bed was razed in 1976, when the nearby section of the A38 was constructed between Ripley and Alfreton; the route of the A610 between the Ripley roundabout and Buckland Hollow lies mostly on the route of the former line. The first preservation services started operating in 1981.
Stations and attractions of the Midland Railway - Butterley
Hammersmith
Hammersmith is the western terminus of the line; the station consists of two platforms and the secondary line is used as a run-around loop. A signal box is present at the eastern end of the station and the A38 is visible from the platform to the west.
Butterley
Butterley is the headquarters of the Midland Railway – Butterley. The station consists of a double platform and the station building; the original brick-built buildings were demolished after the line closed. The new station building, acquired from Whitwell railway station, is made of stone and contains a shop and booking office. A café and the Alfreton Model Railway Society are also present in adjacent buildings. The signal box at Butterley was formerly situated at Ais Gill on the Settle to Carlisle line; this is the working signal box at Butterley. It is technically a ground frame; a carriage shed also stands at the eastern end of the yard, but neither the signal box nor carriage shed are open to the public.In the yard is also the Garden Railway; an outdoor 16 mm scale model railway which runs on most Sundays and some Saturdays. In the yard is also the Star Tugs Trust carriage; this is owned by the Star Tugs trust and holds a permanent exhibition of some original models from TUGS - the sister show of Thomas & Friends. It is open on certain running days.
Swanwick Junction
Swanwick Junction site holds the main complex for the Midland Railway Centre.
Station - the station itself has 4 platforms; the station building was originally located at Syston railway station and rebuilt on Swanwick platform 2. The building contains toilets, café, waiting room and booking office. Between platforms 3 & 4 is a waiting room; this is a replica of the original station building at Broom Junction. There is currently only public access on certain events. The original building was intended to be used, but it was destroyed by vandals before recovery.
Signal box – the operational signal box at Swanwick Junction was moved from Kettering station in 1988. There is no public access.
Matthew Kirtley Museum – the main museum on the Swanwick site houses various locomotives, coaches and wagons.
Historical Model Railway Society – this was opened in 2005. It contains a large display area, study centre and small shop. Normally only open by appointment, it is sometimes open at special events.
The West Shed – the home of the Princess Royal Class Locomotive Trust, owners of 6233 Duchesses of Sutherland and 46203 Princess Margaret Rose. BR Standard Class 4 Tanks 80080 & 80098 and a small collection of classic LMS saloons, including the famous Dynamometer car, are also stationed here.
St. Saviour's Church – moved from Westhouses, this Railwayman's church also holds occasional services.
Derby St Mary's Gatehouse – situated at the entrance to the site, this small building was moved to Swanwick from the goods yard at Derby St Mary's. This contains Swanwick Junction Model Railway Club.
Static Power Museum – normally open at busy periods and at special events, the building houses a good number of working machines.
Demonstration Signal Box – recovered from Linby railway station. Now in use at Brands Crossing as a demonstration signal box, with public access.
Linby Colliery Sidings Signal Box – currently in use as a bookshop.
Historic Carriage and Wagon Shed – a large number of coaches and wagons await restoration here, either in the sidings or the large shed in which the Society is based. On certain days, it is possible to see work being done inside the shed.
National Fork Truck Heritage Centre and Road Transport Gallery – this recently completed building houses a collection of heritage buses, lorries and other forms of road transport and fork lift trucks. On certain special events, some of the vehicles are put on display out in the open
Diesel Depot – currently housing some of the centre's diesel fleet.
Butterley Park Miniature Railway
Operating on Sundays and Bank Holiday Mondays, miniature replicas of classic steam and diesel engines of both and gauge operate on a raised circuit of track. The public are permitted to ride for a small charge. The line consists of about of track, a traverser, tunnel, decorative speed signs and signal box. Details of the stock that the miniature railway uses is shown below:
Riddings
There is no station platform located at Riddings, but there is a run-around loop on the northern branch of Codnor Park Junction from which the line would have run northbound towards Pye Bridge Station. Just before the run around loop is the split in the track, which connects to the main line. The River Erewash runs underneath the junction.
Special events
The railway runs events, ranging from Teddy Bear's Picnic specials to Gala events; they feature standard gauge collection and the GVLR's stock:
Vintage Train Event (early May and late August bank holiday weekends)
Steam and diesel locomotive events
Annual 1960s events
Trains to the seaside at Swanwick Junction Station (late July-early September)
Firework Night
Santa Specials (late November until Christmas Eve)
The railway is licensed to host weddings and parties.
In September 1999, the Kosovo Train for Life was loaded at Butterley station, before travelling to Kosovo, via Kensington Olympia railway station and the Channel Tunnel; this was run in conjunction with the Kosovo Force peace-keeping efforts.
From 2007 to 2019, the MR:B hosted Indietracks, a music festival that was held at the Swanwick Junction site. The COVID-19 pandemic halted events in 2020 and 2021; in November 2021, it was announced that Indietracks festival would no longer be held.
Steam locomotives
The steam engines of the Midland Railway Trust that run passenger services are mostly ex-LMS and BR locomotives of similar designs. Rarer industrial and mainline classes (such as one from as early as 1866), are stored in the Swanwick museum shed.
Operational or Needing Repair
Static or Dismantled
Diesel and electric locomotives
DMUs and EMU sets
Coach stock
Midland Railway vintage set
These coaches are only in use on vintage days.
Mk1 and Mk2 coaches
As with most railways, BR Mk1s are the staple passenger stock of the MRB
LMS coaches
While some other railways have an active rake of LMS coaches, most of Butterley's collection is still unrestored.
Other coaches
As with most other railways, Butterley owns several unique carriages, which are only used on very special occasions, e.g. tributes to fellow servicemen.
Matthew Kirtley Museum
The Matthew Kirtley shed is the largest building on the Swanwick Junction site and holds all the exhibits of the museum. Below is a list of stock that can be found inside. As of March 2022 it is currently closed to the public awaiting repair of the shed roof.
Golden Valley Light Railway
The Golden Valley Light Railway is a narrow gauge line. Laid on the trackbed of a former ironworks railway, this line runs for just under from the Swanwick Junction site to the far end of the country park adjacent to the former site of Newlands Inn. The terminus is just above the eastern portal of the Butterley Tunnel, which forms part of the Cromford Canal. The Swanwick Terminus gained a new engine shed in 2007, which specifically houses GVLR stock.
Golden Valley Light railway stock
In addition to the standard gauge stock on the Midland Railway, The Golden Valley Light Railway, a separate organisation altogether, owns a collection of locomotives, ex colliery manriders, Ashover coach No.4 and ex industrial wagons, many of which are being restored to work on the line.
References
External links
Heritage railways in Derbyshire
Museums in Derbyshire
Railway museums in England
Education in the performing arts is a key part of many primary and secondary education curricula and is also available as a specialisation at the tertiary level. The performing arts, which include, but are not limited to dance, music and theatre, are key elements of culture and engage participants at a number of levels.
The endpoint for performing arts education varies: some educators integrate arts into school classrooms to support other curricula while simultaneously building students' art skills, and some focus on performing arts as an academic discipline in itself.
Performing arts integration
Performing arts integration in schools
Integrating performing arts into educational experiences can help students learn other subjects, such as science, as well as help them develop various non-arts-based skills. As children grow, engaging them in performance arts can help them meet developmental milestones, including those for motor skills and psychosocial skills. For example, teachers can integrate performing arts and the discussion thereof into their classrooms to honor student self-expression. Bilingual youth can benefit from this type of arts integration because it offers them modes of communication that can respond more easily to their culture and language than text-based or test-based learning. Regardless of the language used, teachers have found that using performing arts in the classroom, such as improvisational drama, can help students process and prepare for non-arts-based life situations, including bullying.
Performing arts integration out of schools
Performing arts integration that empowers students in these ways doesn't only happen in schools; community organizations, such as the Beat Nation Collective in Canada, use hip hop performance to help students deepen their understanding of and broaden their experience with indigenous identity and language.
Issues of access and equity
Despite the benefits of engaging students in performing arts, many students, particularly minority students such as African American and Latino students, do not have equitable access to performing arts in their school classrooms.
Discipline-based performing arts
The performing arts differ from the plastic arts insofar as the former uses the artist's own body, face and/or presence as a medium Performers often adapt their appearance by special clothing, stage makeup, etc.
For students pursuing elite professional careers in performing arts like classical ballet and circus arts, the physical demands are such that early entry into training can be essential.
The breadth of areas covered by the performing arts is wide, including:
Acting
Comedy
Drama
Magic
Film
Opera
Theatre
Music
Busking
Opera
Dance
Circus skills
Acrobatics
Juggling
Marching arts
Performance art
Prominent providers of performing arts education
Australia
Helpmann Academy
National Institute of Circus Arts
National Institute of Dramatic Art
Western Australian Academy of Performing Arts
India
Darpana Academy of Performing Arts
Kala Academy *Meghalaya Academy of Arts
Kuwait
Higher Institute of Musical Arts
Higher Institute of Theatrical Arts
United Kingdom
London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art (LAMDA), founded in 1861
Royal Academy of Dance (RAD), founded in 1920
Royal Academy of Dramatic Art (RADA), founded in 1904
Royal Ballet School, founded in 1931
Royal Central School of Speech and Drama, founded in 1906
United States
Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater, New York City
American Musical and Dramatic Academy (AMDA), New York City and Los Angeles
Juilliard School, New York City
Leland Powers School
National Dance Institute
New Orleans Center for Creative Arts (NOCCA)
The New York Conservatory for Dramatic Arts (NYCDA), New York City
School of American Ballet, Lincoln Center, New York City, the official academy of the New York City Ballet
Un-Cabaret Laboratories, teaches alternative comedy writing and performance
See also
:Category:Schools of the performing arts
:Category:Drama schools
Entertainment
Performing arts
Visual arts education
References
External links
Arts in the Massachusetts Arts Curriculum Framework
California Department of Education "Visual and Performing Arts Framework" Preschool to year 12
Performing arts
Entertainment
The Jackson County Courthouse is a former county courthouse in Jacksonville, Oregon, United States, built in 1883. The courthouse is a contributing property of the Jacksonville Historic District, which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP). It was formerly the Jacksonville Museum owned by Jackson County and operated by the Southern Oregon Historical Society (SOHS), which also managed several other historic properties in Jacksonville. The museum in the courthouse closed in 2006 because of lack of funding. Ownership of the historic courthouse was transferred to the City of Jacksonville in 2012. The SOHS still operates Hanley Farm in Central Point and a research library in Medford.
The current Jackson County Courthouse, also listed on the NRHP, is in Medford, where the county seat was moved in 1926.
References
External links
Buildings and structures in Jackson County, Oregon
County courthouses in Oregon
National Register of Historic Places in Jackson County, Oregon
Historic American Buildings Survey in Oregon
Defunct museums in Oregon
Jacksonville, Oregon
1883 establishments in Oregon
Historic district contributing properties in Oregon
Azerbaijan is one of the birthplaces of the oil industry and its history is linked to the fortunes of petroleum, with pipelines used from the late 19th century. The total length of the main pipeline in Azerbaijan is
The centre of the country's oil industry and nexus of its pipelines are at Baku.
The first oil pipeline was formed in Absheron district in connection with oil production in the country. The total length of the country's oil pipeline is more than , with 80% of it located in the Absheron Economic Region. Important oil pipelines within the republic include: Shirvan–Baku (former Ali-Bayramly–Baku), ; Shirvan–Dashgil, ; Dubandi-Boyukshor, ; Dubandi-Keshla, ; Dashgil-Sangachal-Keshla, ; Buzovna-Sabunchu, ; and Binagadi-Keshla, .
Pipelines
There had been an oil industry at Baku since at least the 17th century. Beginning in the 19th century, pipelines were constructed to transport crude oil from the oil fields to the refineries. The first pipeline was constructed in 1878 by Baku Oil Refinery, connecting to Balakhani Mines. The Baku–Batumi oil pipeline was put into operation in the beginning of the 20th century. Oil and gas field exploitation in Absheron and the Caspian Sea required the construction of new pipelines to Baku. These main oil pipelines are Alibayramly–Baku, Neftdashlari–Baku, and Siyazan–Baku. Natural gas is transported through Garadagh–Agstafa, Garadagh–Baku, Siyazan–Baku, Neftdashlari–Baku, and Zira–Baku pipelines.
The main route options for export pipelines (to Europe) are:
Baku-Batum pipeline (1897-1907)
Baku–Grozny–Novorossiysk ( the northern route)
Baku–Tbilisi–Supsa (the western route)
Baku–Tbilisi–Ceyhan (main oil pipeline named after Heydar Aliyev)
Baku–Tbilisi–Erzurum gas pipeline (a.k.a. Trans-Caspian Gas Pipeline)
Baku–Grozny–Tikhoretsk–Novorossiysk
The agreement for the northern route was signed on February 18, 1996, in Moscow. This pipeline transports Azerbaijani oil into the Russian Federation to the Black Sea port of Novorossiysk. The total length of the Baku–Grozny–Tikhoretsk–Novorossiysk (BGTN) oil pipeline is , including in Azerbaijan. The transportation of Azerbaijani oil through the northern route started on October 25, 1997. A trilateral agreement signed among AIOC (Azerbaijan International Operating Company), SOCAR (State Oil Company of Azerbaijan Republic) and Transneft (the Russian state-owned pipeline company) includes all legal and technical issues of transportation of oil to Novorossiysk. Russia accepted in the agreement that the ownership of the oil remains with the producer, which is part of Azerbaijan's new oil strategy. It was intended to transport 2.5 thousand tons of crude oil per day through Dubandi–Boyukshor–Siyazan–Shirvanovka pipeline. 120 thousand tons of oil had been exported through the northern route by the end of 1997.
Baku–Tbilisi–Supsa
The second pipeline is the western route, Baku–Tbilisi–Supsa, made through an agreement between the presidents of Azerbaijan and Georgia on March 8, 1996. It has a total length of with in Azerbaijan. It transports primary Azeri oil from Azeri–Chirag–Gunashli fields through Baku. Trilateral contracts were signed among AIOC, SOCAR and the Georgian government. This line was put into operation on April 17, 1999, and exports 15 million tons of oil per year to Western countries It has lower operating costs than the northern route; transporting a ton of oil to Novorossiysk costs 15.67, but to Supsa is $13.14. From the Georgian port of Supsa, oil can then be shipped via the Bosporus.
Baku–Tbilisi–Ceyhan
The Baku–Tbilisi–Ceyhan pipeline transports oil to the Turkish port of Ceyhan on the Caspian Sea for export to European markets through the Mediterranean. It has a total length of with in Azerbaijan, in Georgia and in Turkey. Since 2006, 50 million tons of oil per year is exported through this pipeline.
Baku–Tbilisi–Erzurum gas pipeline
A commercial agreement was signed on the sale of natural gas from Turkmenistan to Turkey, carried via pipeline through Azerbaijan and Georgia to the Turkish port of Erzurum in Turkey, from where it will be sold to Europe. The pipeline was planned to be long with a capacity of 30 billion cubic metres per year.
Trans-Anatolian gas pipeline
The Trans-Anatolian gas pipeline (TANAP) is planned to transport natural gas across Turkey, expanding the capacity from the South Caucasus pipeline. It is to start in Azerbaijan and connect to several pipelines in the European Union. The projected cost of the pipeline and associated infrastructure is 7 billion. The first of four stages was to be completed in 2018. Planned capacity of the pipeline is 16 billion cubic meters in 2020, 23 billion cubic meters in 2023, and 31 billion cubic meters in 2026. During the first period, it is to be sold 10:6 to Europe and Turkey, with the European portion being transported through Turkey to Bulgaria or Greece.
Trans Adriatic gas pipeline
Wholly outside of Azerbaijan, the Trans Adriatic Pipeline project (TAP) would connect TANAP to European pipelines. The planned pipeline would connect to TANAP at the Greece–Turkey border, passing through Greece, Albania, and crossing the Adriatic Sea to Italy. In Italy, it is to connect with the "Snam Rete Gas" (SRG) network. The TAP project was chosen as the most direct way to export natural gas from Azerbaijan to European markets. An intergovernmental agreement was signed between Albania, Italy and Greece in February 2013.
References
http://www.petroleumworld.com/eveditorial-op18102901.htm
Economy of Azerbaijan
Walcot is a village and civil parish in the North Kesteven district of Lincolnshire, England. It lies west from the A15, south from Sleaford, east from Grantham, and 1 mile north from Folkingham. The population is included in the civil parish of Newton and Haceby.
History
According to A Dictionary of British Place Names, Walcot is derived from the Old English 'walh' with 'cot', which means "cottage(s) of the Britons".
Walcot is a probable site of prehistoric or Roman settlement. Earthworks indicating rectilinear ditched enclosures and a circular dwelling have been found, evidenced through crop marks and aerial photographs. Medieval ridge and furrow field systems have also been recorded.
In the Domesday Book of 1086 the village is written as "Walecote". In 1086 it consisted of 6 villagers, 14 freemen and 5 smallholders, land for 6 plough teams, a meadow and a church. In 1066 lordship of the manor was held by the Abbey of St Peter, Peterborough, being transferred to Gilbert de Ghent in 1086.
Marrat, in his History of Lincolnshire (1816), notes the village as being in the wapentake of Aveland. He mentions the existence of two Elizabethan manor houses, one to the west of the church, belonging to Sir Gilbert Heathcote, the other to the south-east of the church, to Edward Brown. Both Heathcote and Brown were Lord of the Manor and principal landowners.
Walcot is recorded in the 1872 White's Directory as a "pleasant village" northwest of "Falkingham" (Folkingham), and from Billingborough railway station. The parish contained 193 people within of land. Sir William Heathcote, 5th Baronet, was lord of the manor, and also impropriator of ecclesiastical parish tithes—receiving (typically) one-tenth of the produce or profits of the land—and patron of the incumbent's vicarage, which was held by the vicar of Folkingham, who was supported by glebe—an area of land used to support a parish priest—of at Quadring, at Mareham le Fen and at Spanby. Close to the village was a chalybeate spring, White's stating that it was "formally noted for medicinal virtues, but it lost its reputation many years ago". The poor of the parish received coal at Christmas, paid for by a yearly £14 rental from just over of land at Walcot, and at Spanby; a further 10 shillings yearly came from land rent at Newton. Parish professions and trades listed included the parish vicar, the parish clerk, a schoolmistress of the infants' school, the landlord of the Black Horse public house, a toll keeper, a dressmaker, two tailors, one of whom was also a draper, a shopkeeper, a carpenter, a blacksmith, five farmers, two of whom were also graziers, and a carrier—transporter of goods and occasionally people between centres of trade—operating between the village and both Bourne and Sleaford.
In 1885 Kelly's Directory noted that the village contained "springs of very pure water… one strongly chalybeate". Agricultural production in a parish of was chiefly wheat, barley and oats. Parish population in 1881 was 149. Lord of the manor and principal landowner was Lord Aveland PC, DL, JP.
Landmarks
Walcot Grade I listed Anglican church is dedicated to St Nicholas. It dates from the 12th century, with additions and adaptations up to the 18th century, and restorations in 1899, 1907 and 1926. The architectural style is mainly Decorated, the interior being of an earlier, Early English date. It consists of a Perpendicular clerestory, a nave, aisles, and a tower with crocketed broached spire containing 4 bells. In the aisle to the south is a canopied niche with buttresses and pinnacles. In the chancel is a piscina and a priest's door. Pevsner notes a 17th-century south entrance panelled door incorporating a wicket gate, and the existence of an 1809 paten by William Fountain. Marrat describes two monumental brasses, to Isaac Lavington (d.1635) and John Lavington (d.1637), in the floor of the north aisle, and gives the patron of St Nicholas's as Sir Gilbert Heathcote. Within the churchyard is a Grade I listed shaft of a 14th-century cross with a later added sundial.
Other listed buildings in Walcot are The Grange and Laurel Farm, both late 17th-century and on Main Street, and a barn at Manor Farm.
Civil parish
Although the village is in the civil parish of Walcott near Folkingham local democracy is handled together with the adjacent villages of Newton and Haceby in the Newton, Haceby and Walcot Parish Meeting.
References
External links
"Walcot", Genuki.org.uk. Retrieved 15 April 2012
Walcott weeping beech. Retrieved 15 April 2012
Villages in Lincolnshire
Civil parishes in Lincolnshire
North Kesteven District
"Rescue Me" is the 17th episode of the fifth season of the American series The Vampire Diaries and the series' 106th episode overall. "Rescue Me" was originally aired on March 27, 2014, on The CW. The episode was written by Brett Matthews and Neil Reynolds and directed by Leslie Libman.
Plot
The episode starts with Stefan (Paul Wesley) having a vision of Tom saving a woman's life during a spell that Sloan (Caitlin McHugh) casts in order to link Stefan to Tom so they will find him. From the spell, Stefan can "see" that Tom works at the Atlanta Metropolitan Hospital, something that will help Caroline (Candice Accola) and Enzo (Michael Malarkey) find Tom easier and kill him.
Elena (Nina Dobrev) wakes up next to Damon (Ian Somerhalder) after their break-up sex. She realizes that it is Jeremy's (Steven R. McQueen) parent-teacher conference and she tries to sneak out without waking up Damon. Damon though is already awake and Elena reassures him that they are still broken up and what happened the previous night was a mistake before she leaves.
Caroline and Enzo are already in Atlanta trying to find Tom when Sloan calls to tell them that the person's name they are looking for is Tom and where he works. Caroline gets mad at Sloan because she broke their deal and used Stefan again to link him to Tom, something that could lead Stefan to lose his memories. Sloan makes it clear that she does not care about Stefan's brain but about his blood and she reminds Caroline that as long as Tom is alive, Stefan and Elena's blood is useless to her. She threatens Stefan's life if Caroline fails to kill Tom.
At Mystic Grill, Damon tries to get over his breakup with Elena by drinking while Matt (Zach Roerig) and Tyler (Michael Trevino) see him and figure out that something is wrong between him and Elena. The three of them talk when Liv (Penelope Mitchell) walks into the bar and meets with Jeremy. They are surprised seeing them together, Damon leaves and Tyler tries to hear what Liv and Jeremy talk about but he cannot hear anything.
Elena is on the phone with Bonnie (Kat Graham) while waiting in the line to the guidance counselor at Jeremy's school and tells her about her break up with Damon. They also realize that Jeremy was neither home nor with Bonnie and they wonder where he was. Elena has to hang up because it is her turn to go to the guidance counselor while Bonnie spots Luke (Chris Brochu) sitting across the room. The counselor informs Elena that she is not Jeremy's primary contact when Damon appears and tells her that she asked him to take care of Jeremy while she was at Whitmore. The two of them spend the day together attending classes and with Damon trying to make her change her mind about their breakup.
Back in Atlanta, Caroline and Enzo find the hospital where Tom works but a doctor informs them that Tom has been missing for four months and no one knows where he is. Caroline calls Sloan and asks to talk to Stefan because their info was bad and they could not find Tom. She asks Stefan if he remembers any small details from his vision that could help them but he does not, so Sloan stars a new spell on Stefan despite Caroline's warnings not to. Stefan sees Tom talking to a girl named Hazel (Gena Shaw), who asks him to buy him dinner for saving her friend's life and Tom accepts. Hazel gives him the address and Stefan is able to tell the address to Caroline.
Caroline and Enzo find the address and Hazel but they cannot get into the house if someone does not invite them in. They see Hazel in a trance and they realize that she is a witch. Enzo kills her so they can enter the house. They find Tom in a coma and realize that Hazel was keeping him in that state to hide him for the last four months. Caroline wakes him and while she has to kill him, she instead snaps Enzo's neck and tells Tom that she is there to save him. The two of them go for lunch where Caroline compels Tom to tell her everything about his life and she learns how Hazel kidnapped him. On their way back to the car, Enzo appears and kills Tom.
In the meantime, at the Whitmore Bonnie talks to Luke when Hazel appears to pass through the anchor. Hazel asks Bonnie to inform Luke that she failed before she passes and Bonnie, confused, asks Luke about Hazel and to tell her the truth. Luke admits that he is Liv's twin brother and witch and that they were trying to keep the travelers away from Tom and that he and his sister are trying to find out why the travelers need Elena and Stefan's blood.
Back at the Mystic Grill, Liv tells Jeremy that she needs his help to fight the travelers since he is a hunter and they cannot control his mind. She tells him some more details about the travelers and asks his help again so they can find why they need the blood of Elena and Stefan. While talking, Liv gets a text from Luke who informs her about Hazel and she leaves in a hurry. Jeremy calls Bonnie to ask about Elena and when Bonnie tells him that she is at school, he says that Elena might be in danger.
Liv finds Elena at school and attacks her. Liv and her coven did everything they could to protect her but since now she is dangerous they have to kill her. Damon gets there in time and stops her. Damon ties her and threatens to kill her if she will not tell him what she wants. Liv says that now that there is only one male doppelganger, the travelers will come for Elena to use her. Jeremy arrives and asks Damon to free Liv because she knows more than she admits about the travelers and that he will not let her hurt Elena. Damon unwillingly does it because Elena says that she trusts her brother.
Caroline goes back to the traveler's camp and tells Stefan what happened and realizes that Stefan let her go on purpose knowing that she would never hurt Tom or anyone because that's just who she is.
At the Salvatore house, Elena tells Damon that she will go back to Whitmore and that they should stay away from each other because they are bad for each other. Jeremy joins them just to inform them that he will move in with Tyler and Matt. Elena tries to change his mind but when she realizes that he took his decision she lets him leave.
Caroline and Stefan are sleeping back at the traveler's camp but wake up when they hear the travelers changing and walk there to investigate what is going on. They watch the travelers drink Elena and Stefan's blood and then Sloan sets one of them on fire, something that leads everyone to burn since they are linked. They all die and Stefan and Caroline run away not knowing what the ritual was about.
The episode ends with the dead travelers appear at Whitmore where Bonnie is and they pass through her. Bonnie tries to get away from them because they are too many and the pain is unbearable but she cannot. After the last traveler passes through her, Bonnie collapses and a man comes from the Other Side through her to the outside world.
Feature music
In the "Rescue Me" episode we can hear the songs:
"Girls Chase Boys" by Ingrid Michaelson
"Do I Wanna Know?" by Arctic Monkeys
"Weekend warrior" by Eytan and The Embassy
"Shake" by The Head and the Heart
"Far From Yesterday" by Amy Stroup
"Walking Backwards" by Leagues
Reception
Ratings
In its original American broadcast, "Rescue Me" was watched by 1.73 million; down by 0.55 from the previous episode.
Reviews
"Rescue Me" received good reviews.
Stephanie Flasher from TV After Dark gave an A− rating to the episode saying: "All in all, this was a good episode of The Vampire Diaries and too bad we have to struggle through another hiatus."
Carrie Raisler of The A.V. Club gave a B− rating to the episode saying that "the entire episode is basically the setup to get him [Markos] to Mystic Falls, using the blood of the last two doppelgangers to do so."
Ashley Dominique from Geeked Out Nation gave a B rating to the episode stating the positive and the negative things about the episode. As bottom line she says: ""Rescue me" was filled with more whining and bickering than one would have liked and a lot of circling about what the travelers where up to. In the end, we learned it was up to no good."
Caroline Preece from Den of Geek gave a positive review to the episode commenting on a possible new love triangle between Stefan, Caroline and Enzo. "There's certainly room for someone like that in The Vampire Diaries, evident in the gradually lessening body count of the last few seasons, and the emerging love triangle between Caroline, Stefan and Enzo, despite being yet another love triangle, feels fresher than any of the revolving love connections the show is currently dealing with."
Stephanie Hall from KSiteTV gave a good review to the episode saying that it was an emotionally powerful episode for almost every character. "t hearkened back to the good ole days when these characters' internal problems drove the dramatic world in which they lived, instead of them being on defense against a big bad force. [...] As a whole, I am quite fond of "Rescue Me""
Leigh Raines of TV Fanatic rated the episode with 4/5, same as Rebecca Serle from Vulture saying that it was a good episode and "she had a blast" with it.
References
External links
2014 American television episodes
The Vampire Diaries (season 5) episodes
China Securities Index Company (Chinese: 中证指数有限公司) is a Chinese financial research firm and index provider. The company was founded in August 25, 2005 as a joint venture between the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange. CSI is an index provider in China and manages over 4,000 indexes. The company also offers bond valuation and credit rating services. As of 2020, CSI has 138 employees.
While CSI indexes only cover Chinese securities, they are heavily used by investors worldwide. Multiple investment products including exchange-traded products use CSI indexes as their benchmarks, including the KraneShares CSI China Internet ETF and Direxion Daily China A Share ETF.
Notable Indexes
The CSI 100 Index
The CSI 200 Index
The CSI 300 Index
The CSI 500 Index
The CSI Overseas China Internet Index
Notable ETFs linked to CSI indexes
References
Chinese companies established in 2005
Financial services companies
This is a list of the 11 members of the European Parliament for Lithuania in the 2019 to 2024 session.
List
Notes
Lithuania
List
2019
Golanka Górna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kunice, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
It lies approximately east of Legnica, and west of the regional capital Wrocław.
References
Villages in Legnica County
Dramocles: An Intergalactic Soap Opera is a novel by Robert Sheckley published in 1983.
Plot summary
Dramocles: An Intergalactic Soap Opera is a novel in which King Dramocles of Glorn tries to fulfill his unknown Destiny using notes that he had forgotten that he sent to himself.
Reception
Dave Langford reviewed Dramocles: An Intergalactic Soap Opera for White Dwarf #69, and stated that "Dramocles has hilarious scenes, like the completely irrelevant one in which minor characters try to gain narrative security by establish a sub-plot of their own; but overall it reads as though Sheckley was desperately making it up as he went along. Pretty good by some standards; insubstantial by Sheckley's own."
Reviews
Review by Faren Miller (1983) in Locus, #269 June 1983
Review by John Clute (1984) in Foundation, #30 March 1984
Review by Tom Easton (1984) in Analog Science Fiction/Science Fact, May 1984
Review by Brian Stableford (1984) in Fantasy Review, November 1984
References
1983 novels
The Jinnah University for Women (JUW) () is a private research university in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan. It is an all-woman university and is the first women's university in the country.
Established as a post-graduate college, its status as full-fledged university was upgraded in 1998 the Sindh Assembly. Major financial endowment and funding are managed by the Anjuman-e-Islam Trust. The university offers undergraduate, post-graduate, and doctoral programmes in science, arts, humanities, and general studies. As of 2010, the university was ranked among top institution of higher learning in "general category" by the HEC.
The Founder
Al Haj Moulvi Rayazuddin Ahmed (Tamgha-e-Imtiaz), a direct descendant of Sheikh Saleem Uddin Chishty, was born in 1906 in the city of Taj Mahal, the city of intellectuals and poets. His early upbringing through parents and education instilled in him love for education in spite of being enslaved in government service.
In that era of conventional thoughts and traditional values he envisaged that female education was of paramount importance. His revolutionary thoughts clashed with the norms of his day but his commitment and dedication to women literacy did not subside. He was the founder of Anjuman-e-Islamia Trust which heralded the inception of many educational institutions. He was, in a way, pioneer of Muslims female education in this area.
Campus
The Jinnah University campus is divided into five blocks — Block A, Block B, Block C, Block D, Block E — and Admissions section. These blocks include an auditorium with the capacity of 400 persons, lecture halls, classrooms, laboratories, museums, faculty rooms and seminar libraries. The university is in Nazimabad, Karachi.
References
External links
Jinnah University for Women Website
Private universities and colleges in Sindh
Educational institutions established in 1998
Jinnah University for Women
1998 establishments in Pakistan
Memorials to Muhammad Ali Jinnah
Terry Wilcox (born 1940) is an American professional golfer.
Wilcox grew up in Ada, Oklahoma. He played college golf at Oklahoma State University, graduating in 1962.
Wilcox turned professional in 1962. He played on the PGA Tour from 1964 to 1974 while also working as a club professional. His best finishes were a T-2 at the 1969 Azalea Open Invitational and a 2nd at the 1970 IVB-Philadelphia Golf Classic. His best finish in a major was a T-7 at the 1969 PGA Championship.
Wilcox served as tournament director of the Kraft Nabisco Championship, an LPGA major at the Mission Hills Country Club in Rancho Mirage, California, from 1994 to 2008.
Professional wins
this list may be incomplete
1964 Westchester Open
1965 Westchester Open
1967 Metropolitan PGA Championship
1974 North Carolina Open, Carolinas PGA Championship
1976 North Carolina Open
Results in major championships
Note: Wilcox never played in The Open Championship.
CUT = missed the half-way cut
"T" = tied
References
External links
American male golfers
Oklahoma State Cowboys golfers
PGA Tour golfers
Golfers from Oklahoma
People from Ada, Oklahoma
People from Rancho Mirage, California
1940s births
Living people
The term Old Syriac may refer to:
Old Syriac language - an early stage of the Syriac language
Old Syriac alphabet - an early stage of the Syriac alphabet
Old Syriac Gospels - the Old Syriac version of the New Testament, that predates the standard Peshitta version, represented by two manuscripts:
the Curetonian Gospels
the Sinaitic Palimpsest
See also
Syriac (disambiguation)
William George Mensah Brandful (born 1952) is a Ghanaian diplomat and civil servant.
Early life and education
William was born on 4 December 1952 at Cape Coast to Essie Essilfua Bradful (21 February 1925 – 12 May 2012) and William George Mensah Brandful (5 June 1915 – 4 May 1994). He attended Mfantsipim School from 1964 to 1971 and continued to the University of Ghana in 1971, completing in 1975. He proceeded to University of Dakar, Senegal for his postgraduate studies. He also studied at the Polytechnic of Central London ; University of Nairobi, Kenya; École nationale d'administration; The Academy of International Law; and in January 1986, the University of Paris XI for a third Cycle Doctorate program in International Relations.
Career
On 17 May 1977 he joined the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Regional Integration.
From October 1988 to October 1992 he was employed at the Ghana embassy in Cotonou, Benin. As a student pursuing his advanced level education at Mfantsipim School, his father arranged for him to spend his long vacations in Cotonou to improve his spoken French, and Benin subsequently became his first diplomatic station.
From September 1996 to September 2000 he was stationed at the Ghana embassy in Bonn, Germany. He returned to Ghana in 2000 and in November that year he was posted to the Ministry for Foreign Affairs to head its protocol bureau as chief of protocol. He served in this capacity until October 2002, when he was posted to Mali as minister plenipotentiary and deputy ambassador of Ghana to Mali, ending his stint in Mali in October, 2006.
He served as supervisor of the Directorate for Policy Planning, Research and Monitoring for two years and in 2008 he was appointed Ghana's high commissioner to Zambia and also head of missions.
After the Fukushima nuclear accident in May 2011, the late John Evans Atta Mills appointed him Ghana's ambassador to Japan.
From 16 June 2011 to 31 December 2012, he was Ghana's ambassador to Japan with residence in Tokyo and was also accredited as high commissioner to Singapore.
In September 2012, he chose to accept the offer of the Mizutani group of potential investors in Ghana. The offer was about a sponsored space that was to be used as a private office. Brandful signed the makeup contract of the real estate group Sakae Dori Maruzen Co. Ltd. in his private name, with his diplomatic identification. By December 2012 there had not been any follow up by the group to equip the office with material. The ambassador assumed there was a lack of interest on the part of the group to begin investment activities in Ghana. The ambassador consequently called for the facility to be cancelled. The cancellation of the facility was effective on 28 March 2013. He dissociated himself from developments in Tokyo regarding the facility.
Personal life
He is married to Dinah Coleman and together they have four daughters and also three grandchildren.
His hobbies include squash, tennis, golf and playing the piano.
References
Living people
Ghanaian civil servants
Ghanaian diplomats
Ghanaian Freemasons
Ambassadors of Ghana to Japan
1952 births
University of Ghana alumni
Mfantsipim School alumni
University of Nairobi alumni
Cheikh Anta Diop University alumni
Alumni of the University of Westminster
École nationale d'administration alumni
The Hague Academy of International Law people
A neutron research facility is most commonly a big laboratory operating a large-scale neutron source that provides thermal neutrons to a suite of research instruments. The neutron source usually is a research reactor or a spallation source. In some cases, a smaller facility will provide high energy neutrons (e.g. 2.5 MeV or 14 MeV fusion neutrons) using existing neutron generator technologies.
List of neutron facilities
The following list is intended to be exhaustive and to cover active facilities as well as those that are shut down.
Australia
ANSTO-HIFAR Reactor, Sydney
Open-pool Australian lightwater reactor (OPAL)
Bangladesh
Atomic Energy Research Establishment (AERE), Bangladesh Atomic Energy Commission(BAEC)
Canada
NRC Canadian Neutron Beam Centre at Chalk River Laboratories
RE-Labs Inc. – Single Event Effects Testing Services
China
China Spallation Neutron Source – Dongguan, Guangdong.
CNPG – Light ion (D,T), China Institute of Atomic Energy
HI-13 – Light ion (D,T), China Institute of Atomic Energy
Czech Republic
Neutron Physics Laboratory (within CANAM infrastructure)
Denmark
Risø (reactors 1958–2000)
Egypt
ETRR-1 – Nuclear Research Center, Inshas (1961–)
ETRR-2 – Nuclear Research Center, Inshas (1997–)
France
ILL – Institut Laue–Langevin (1972–)
LLB – Laboratoire Léon Brillouin at CEA Saclay
NFS – GANIL
Germany
FRM I – Technical University, Garching (1957–2000)
FRM II – Technical University, Garching (2004–)
FRMZ –Johannes Gutenberg-Universität, Mainz (1967–)
FRJ-2 at Forschungszentrum Jülich (1962–2006)
Jülich Centre for Neutron Science (2005–), a virtual facility that operates instruments at other facilities (FRM II, ILL, SNS)
FRG-1 – GKSS, Geesthacht near Hamburg (1958–2010)
Helmholtz-Zentrum Berlin, formerly HMI – Hahn-Meitner-Institut
Hungary
KFKI Research Institutes, Budapest
India
Dhruva, CIRUS and Apsara: Bhabha Atomic Research Centre, Mumbai
KAMINI
Indonesia
Neutron Scattering Laboratory – (BATAN)
Japan
JAERI – Japan Atomic Energy Research Institute
KENS – High Energy Accelerator Organisation, KEK
KURRI – Research Reactor Institute (Kyoto)
JSNS – (part of the Japan proton accelerator research complex (J-PARC)
Netherlands
IRI – Interfaculty Reactor Institute, Delft University of Technology
Norway
IFE – Jeep 2 reactor at Kjeller Institute for Energy Technology
Poland
Maria reactor – POLATOM Institute of Nuclear Energy, Świerk-Otwock
Ewa reactor – POLATOM Institute of Nuclear Energy, Świerk-Otwock (1958–1995)
Russia
IBR Fast Pulsed Reactors (Dubna)
JINR – Joint Institute for Nuclear Research, Dubna
Gatchina
South Africa
NECSA SAFARI-1
South Korea
High-Flux Advanced Neutron Application Reactor (HANARO) – Korea Atomic Energy Research Institute (KAERI)
Sweden
NFL – Studsvik Neutron Research Laboratory, Studsvik
ESS – European Spallation Source (project)
Switzerland
SINQ@PSI – Paul Scherrer Institute
UCN@PSI – Paul Scherrer Institute – Ultra Cold Neutron Source
n_TOF – CERN
Ukraine
United Kingdom
DIDO
ISIS Neutron and Muon Source, Rutherford Appleton Laboratory, Oxfordshire
United States
HFBR – High Flux Beam Reactor, Brookhaven (1965–1996)
IPNS – Intense Pulsed Neutron Source, Argonne National Laboratory (1981–2008)
LANSCE – Los Alamos Neutron Science Center (Los Alamos)
LENS – Low Energy Neutron Source, Indiana University, Bloomington, IN.
NIST – Center for Neutron Research, Gaithersburg near Washington D.C.
NSL – Neutron Science Laboratory, University of Michigan College of Engineering.
HFIR – High Flux Isotope Reactor, Oak Ridge National Laboratory
SNS – Spallation Neutron Source, Oak Ridge National Laboratory
MURR – University of Missouri Research Reactor, Columbia, MO.
MNRC – MacClellan Nuclear Research Center, Sacramento, CA.
References
External links
List of major active neutron facilities
NMI3 – a European consortium of 18 partner organisations from 12 countries, including all major facilities in the fields of neutron scattering and muon spectroscopy
Nuclear physics
Linda Salzman is an American artist and writer.
Biography
Salzman created the artwork for the plaque on the Pioneer spacecraft and coproduced the Voyager Golden Record.
She co-authored the book Murmurs of Earth with her husband, astronomer Carl Sagan, whom she married on April 6, 1968; the marriage lasted until their divorce in 1981.
Salzman is the mother of author and screenwriter Nick Sagan.
See also
NASA Ames Research Center
References
Living people
Interstellar messages
American women television writers
American television writers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Sagan family
American Jews
Carl Sagan
Year of birth missing (living people)
Altona is a ghost town located in Pickering, Ontario, at Sideline 30 and the Pickering-Uxbridge Town Line. It is just east of Whitchurch-Stouffville, and was named after Altona, now a borough of Hamburg, Germany.
It was founded by ethnic Swiss-German Mennonites who had migrated from Pennsylvania in the United States. The first flour and saw mills in Altona were built by Abraham Reesor, son of Peter Reesor and a nephew to Abraham Stouffer, in 1850, on Lot 30, Concession 9, a short distance south of the Uxbridge-Pickering Townline. In the same year, Joseph Monkhouse built a general store and William Cooper an inn.
In 1852, the Altona Mennonite Meeting House (5475 Sideline 30, Pickering) was erected, constructed by area Mennonite settlers. The bricks were made at the Cherrywood brickyard. Local families included the Barkeys, Reesors, Widemans, Nighswanders, Hoovers and Stouffers. The first grave is dated 1835. The founder of Stouffville, Abraham Stouffer and his wife Elizabeth Reesor Stouffer, are buried here.
The first schoolhouse was built in 1834; in 1856 there were 256 inhabitants, "unable to read and write, about 30%." By 1869 the hamlet had 200 residents and a regular stage coach to Stouffville and Toronto. In 1910 there was still a daily stage to Stouffville, but Altona's population had fallen to only 100 people.
The churches, school, store (former hotel) and many homes remained into the 21st century, but all have been expropriated and most boarded up by the federal government for a proposed plan to build Pickering airport, a second international airport in the Greater Toronto Area. One of the few remaining houses is the "Old Barkey Home", built in 1856 by the Mennonite farmer and preacher Daniel Barkey. Under the current plan, the approach for one of the three landing strips for the Pickering Airport would be directly over the former hamlet of Altona, with planes descending at an elevation of approximately 300 metres. The plan anticipates 11.9 million passengers per year (or 32,600 per day) by 2032. A "Needs Assessment Study" was completed by the Greater Toronto Airports Authority for the federal government in May 2010. After a "due diligence review," Transport Canada released the report in July 2011.
References
External links
Altona (ghost town) info and photos
Ghost towns in Ontario
Pickering, Ontario
Neighbourhoods in Pickering, Ontario
German Canadian
Swiss Canadian
Settlements demolished to make room for airports
Pantelis Panourgias (; born 13 April 1998) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Super League 2 club Kavala.
Honours
PAS Giannina
Super League Greece 2: 2019–20
Eintracht Braunschweig U19
DFB-Junioren-Vereinspokal: 2016–17
References
1998 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Greece youth international footballers
Greek expatriate footballers
Regionalliga players
Super League Greece 2 players
Eintracht Braunschweig II players
PAS Giannina F.C. players
Doxa Drama F.C. players
Association football defenders
Footballers from Athens
Kherty is an ancient Egyptian deity. Despite being archaeologically attested since the early 2nd Dynasty, his original mythological role during this era is unclear. Kherty was an Egyptian god of the Duat. The earliest mythological descriptions of Kherty's role do not appear until the 6th Dynasty in the Pyramid Texts.
Description
The earliest depictions of Kherty appear during the early 2nd dynasty, under king (pharaoh) Hotepsekhemwy and Raneb. He is normally shown as a recumbent and mummified ram. In rare instances he was pictured as a bull or a lion. The figurine is always guided by the hieroglyphic signs of a shamble and a bread loaf, giving a reading as kherty.
Cult
Kherty was worshipped since the early 2nd dynasty, his name appears first time on stone bowls of king Sneferka. Stone bowl inscriptions from the reign of king Peribsen mention first time the title "god servant of Kherty" (Egypt. hem-netjer Kherty). The main centre of the Kherty cult was located at Letopolis (today Ausim), a second cult centre was later founded at Nesat (exact location unknown).
Mythology
Kherty was a contradicting character: The pyramid texts reveal that he was worshipped at one side as a guide, who brought the deceased king safely to "the yonder site" by "being the ferryman". He also protected the deceased against various demons (named inmetjw in the texts) sent by Seth. The deceased king was then brought to his destination by Ra. On the other site, however, Kherty was feared as death in persona, a god that "lives on the heart of men", making them stop pounding. The pyramid texts reveal that Kherty attacked the physical heart (khat(jw)) of the dying peoples, not the metaphysical, symbolic heart (jb) as the "seat of thoughts and feelings". For this reason, a lot of spells and prayers were addressed to Kherty in attempt to befriend and please him. Other prayers beg Ra to "take the deceased king away from Kherty". These prayers also mention Osiris, the judge of the underworld. Thus, Kherty and Osiris were mythologically connected to each other.
Kherty is not mentioned in the famous Coffin Texts of Middle Kingdom period. Instead, he is replaced by a god Aker, who is now the ferryman. In the prayers of the Book of the Dead, Kherty is described as a guard who guides the celestial bark of Ra.
References
Egyptian death gods
Underworld gods
Egyptian gods
Egyptian underworld
Psychopomps
Lion deities
Saint-Lucien () is a municipality in the Drummond Regional County Municipality in the Centre-du-Quebec region of Quebec. The population as of the Canada 2011 Census was 1,584.
On June 30, 2012, it changed its status from parish municipality to municipality.
Demographics
Population
Population trend:
Language
Mother tongue language (2006)
See also
List of municipalities in Quebec
References
Municipalities in Quebec
Incorporated places in Centre-du-Québec
The Northern Styrian Alps (Steirische Nordalpen in German) is the proposed name for a subdivision of mountain ranges in an as-yet-unadopted classification of the Alps located in Austria.
Geography
Administratively the range belongs to the Austrian state of Styria and, marginally, to Upper Austria and Lower Austria.
The whole range is drained by the Danube river.
SOIUSA classification
According to SOIUSA (International Standardized Mountain Subdivision of the Alps) the mountain range is an Alpine section, classified in the following way:
main part = Eastern Alps
major sector = Northern Limestone Alps
section = Northern Styrian Alps
code = II/B-26
Subdivision
The range is divided in two Alpine subsections:
Ennstal Alps - SOIUSA code:II/B-26.I;
North-eastern Styrian Alps - SOIUSA code:II/B-26.II;
These subsections are further subdivided in supergroups as it follows:
Ennstal Alps:
supergroup Haller Mauern - SOIUSA code:II/B-26.I-A,
supergroup Gesäuse - SOIUSA code:II/B-26.I-B,
supergroup Eisenerzer Alpen - SOIUSA code:II/B-26.I-C.
North-eastern Styrian Alps:
supergroup Hochschwabgruppe - SOIUSA code:II/B-26.II-A,
supergroup Mürzsteger Alpen - SOIUSA code:II/B-26.II-B,
supergroup Rax-Schneeberg-Gruppe - SOIUSA code:II/B-26.II-C.
Notable summits
Some notable summits of the range are:
References
Mountain ranges of the Alps
Mountain ranges of Upper Austria
Mountain ranges of Lower Austria
Mountain ranges of Styria
David Barr (born 8 November 1993) is an Irish cricketer. He made his List A debut for North West Warriors in the 2017 Inter-Provincial Cup on 2 July 2017. He made his first-class debut for North West Warriors in the 2017 Inter-Provincial Championship on 1 August 2017. He made his Twenty20 debut for North West Warriors in the 2017 Inter-Provincial Trophy on 11 August 2017.
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Irish cricketers
North West Warriors cricketers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Johan von Blanc, born Michel Le Blanc (France, 1738 - Karlskrona, Sweden, 21 January 1796), was a French actor and acrobat active in Sweden. He was the leader of the travelling theater ('Gemenasian Company'), and the director of the first permanent theater in Gothenburg, Comediehuset, between 1780-86. He played a major role in the history of Gothenburg as well as the theater in Sweden outside Stockholm.
References
1738 births
1796 deaths
18th-century Swedish male actors
18th-century French male actors
French male stage actors
French acrobatic gymnasts
18th century in Gothenburg
Swedish theatre directors
18th-century theatre managers
Studnica may refer to the following:
Places
Studnica, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, south-west Poland
Studnica, Pomeranian Voivodeship, north Poland)
Studnica, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship}, north Poland)
Studnica, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-west Poland
Stara Studnica, Gmina Kalisz Pomorski, Poland
Nowa Studnica, Gmina Tuczno, Poland
Studnica lake, Poland
See also
Studnice (disambiguation)
Pekka Ala-Pietilä, January 13.1957, Asikkala, is CEO and co-founder of Blyk. He was also President of Nokia Corporation (1999–2005) and President of Nokia Mobile Phones (1992–1998). He holds an honorary Doctor in Technology from Tampere University of Technology and in Science from the University of Helsinki, and is a Knight 1st Class of the Order of the White Rose of Finland.
References
Finnish chief executives
Nokia people
Living people
1957 births
Finnish company founders
Tampere University of Technology alumni
University of Helsinki alumni
Cherry Wood is a 1.8 hectare Local Nature Reserve and Site of Borough Importance for Nature Conservation, Grade II, in Morden Park in the London Borough of Merton. It is owned by Merton Council and managed by the council together with the Friends of Cherry Wood.
The wood is a surviving fragment of a much larger wood shown on an 1837 map as Great Wood, and it is now surrounded by suburban housing. Until 1990 it was a rubbish dump, but it was then restored as a nature reserve. The main trees are pedunculate oak, ash and horse chestnut. Flowers include bluebells, ramsons and wood melick, and twenty-five species of bird have been recorded, including three species of woodpecker, chiffchaff and tawny owl.
There is access from Northernhay Walk and Shaldon Drive.
References
Morden
Local nature reserves in Greater London
Nature reserves in the London Borough of Merton
Brigid 'Biddy' O'Sullivan is a former camogie player; winner of the B+I Star of the Year award in 1988 and of eight All Ireland medals with Kilkenny.
References
Living people
Kilkenny camogie players
Year of birth missing (living people)
The 2020–21 Super League of Malawi (known as the TNM Super League for sponsorship reasons) was the 35th season of the Super League of Malawi, the top professional league for association football clubs in Malawi since its establishment in 1986. Nyasa Big Bullets are the defending champions. It started on 28 November 2020 before it was postponed in March 2021 due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Malawi.
The season ended on 16 October 2021. Nyasa Big Bullets wins the third consecutive Super League title and the fifteenth overall.
Teams
Sixteen teams competed in the league – the top thirteen teams from the previous season and the three promoted teams from the regional leagues: Ekwendeni Hammers, MAFCO Salima and Red Lions FC.
Team changes
Mzuni FC (Mzuzu University FC) was renamed as Mzuzu Warriors.
Be Forward Wanderers were renamed Mighty Wanderers during the season.
Stadiums and locations
League table
References
External links
Official Website
2020-21
Malawi
Kimberly Steward is an American film producer known for such films as Through a Lens Darkly: Black Photographers and the Emergence of a People (2014). She also produced Manchester by the Sea in 2016 through her production company, K Period Media, in which she was nominated for an Academy Award. Steward is a member of the board of trustees of the Academy Museum of Motion Pictures.
Steward is the daughter of billionaire businessman David Steward, founder of the systems integration firm World Wide Technology.
Filmography
She was a producer in all films unless otherwise noted.
Film
Thanks
Television
References
External links
Living people
American documentary film producers
African-American film producers
American women documentary filmmakers
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century African-American people
21st-century African-American women
The Ministry of Justice of Turkmenistan () regulates the activities of the country's justice bodies. Since its inception in 1993 (two years after Turkmenistan declared independence from the Soviet Union), the ministry provides legal support to the state, and performs other tasks assigned by the Law of Turkmenistan to ensure the protection of the rights, freedoms and legitimate interests of the Turkmen citizen. It was originally established on 6 September 1972 as the Justice Ministry of the Turkmen SSR. In 2003, President Saparmurat Niyazov ordered the Ministry of Justice to be renamed as the Ministry of Adalat. With Adalat being the Turkic word for justice, the change in terminology was intended to convey fairness, honor, and order within the ministry's affairs. The Ministry of Justice was also given new responsibilities that included inventorying all state-owned and private properties and overseeing the lawyers, notaries, and civil-registration offices in Turkmenistan.
The Ministry of Justice publishes texts of some laws on its website.
Structure
Central Apparatus:
Main Department of Legislation
Legal Aid Department
Department of International Legal Relations and Registration of Public Associations
Financial and Economic Department
Justice system:
Regional offices
Prosecutor General of Turkmenistan
Supreme Court of Turkmenistan
Central Registry Office Archive
Courses on training specialists in international arbitration
The total number of units of the justice agencies of Turkmenistan are 156, including the 46 units of the Central Office of the Ministry of Justice.
List of ministers
Tagandurdy Halliev (1993–1999)
Gurban Mukhammet Kasimov (1999–2003)
Taganmyrat Gochyev (2003–2005)
Asyrgeldi Gulgarayev (2005–2007)
Myrat Garryyew (2008–2012)
Begench Charyev Shadurdyevich (2012–2013)
Begmyrat Muhammedov (2013–present)
See also
Justice ministry
Politics of Turkmenistan
References
External links
Official Website (in Turkmen)
Official Website (in Russian)
Justice ministries
Government ministries of Turkmenistan
The 2014 Giro del Trentino is the 38th edition of the Giro del Trentino cycling stage race. It started on 22 April in Riva del Garda and will end on 25 April on the top of Monte Bondone. The race will consist of four stages; it started with a team time trial on the same route of the first stage in the 2012 edition of the race, and will end on Monte Bondone for the queen stage. The race was part of the 2014 UCI Europe Tour, and was rated as a 2.HC event.
Australian rider Cadel Evans of won the General Classification, claiming the leader's jersey in second stage (won by the Italian Edoardo Zardini), and securing his lead by winning the third. 's Domenico Pozzovivo was second in the General Classification and Przemysław Niemiec of was third. Colombian Leonardo Duque () won the red jersey of the Intermediate Sprints Classification, Jonathan Monsalve of Venezuela () won the King of the Mountains Classification and South African Louis Meintjes () finished first in the Young Rider Classification. won the Teams Classification.
Race overview
The race was officially presented on 14 April in Trento.
Teams
The start list includes 16 teams. Among the riders, pre-race favourites were Cadel Evans (), Michele Scarponi () and Bradley Wiggins (); other notable riders who are taking part in the race are Domenico Pozzovivo, Ivan Basso, Franco Pellizotti, Giovanni Visconti, Luis León Sánchez and Moreno Moser. The defending champion Vincenzo Nibali did not participate in the race.
ProTeams
Professional Continental Teams
Stages
Stage 1
22 April 2014 — Riva del Garda to Arco, team time trial (TTT)
Stage 2
23 April 2014 — Limone sul Garda to San Giacomo di Brentonico,
Stage 3
24 April 2014 — Mori to Roncone,
Stage 4
25 April 2014 — Val Daone to Monte Bondone,
Classification leadership table
References
External links
Giro del Trentino
Giro del Trentino
2014
The Samoan women's national cricket team, nicknamed the Nafanua, represents the Independent State of Samoa in international women's cricket. It is organised by the game's governing body in the country, the Samoa International Cricket Association (SICA).
Although women's cricket has a long history in Samoa, the national team was only formally organised in 2010, with assistance from a New Zealand association, Auckland Cricket. The team has often included Samoan expatriate players based in Australia and New Zealand (including some who have played for state or provincial teams), which has presented difficulties in training. Samoa's first regional tournament came later in 2010, and it has since regularly participated in ICC East Asia-Pacific events, generally ranking behind only Japan and Papua New Guinea in the region. Its most notable achievement is winning the gold medal in the women's tournament at the 2015 Pacific Games. The team is currently coached by Ian West, an Englishman who gained Samoan citizenship through his wife, and subsequently played for the Samoan men's team. , one unofficial ranking system places Samoa 27th in the world, behind Kenya.
In April 2018, the International Cricket Council (ICC) granted full Women's Twenty20 International (WT20I) status to all its members. Therefore, all Twenty20 matches played between Samoa women and another international side since 1 July 2018 has been a full WT20I.
History
Cricket has been played in Samoa since the 19th century, when it was introduced by British traders and missionaries. It flourished despite a ban during the period of the German protectorate, from 1900 to 1914. Historically, the sport has been most popular when played under the modified rules known as kilikiti. However, since the early 2000s, when Samoa gained affiliate membership of the International Cricket Council (ICC) and its men's national team debuted internationally (in 2000 and 2001, respectively), the standard form of cricket has begun to replace kilikiti in popularity.
The Samoan women's team played its first international matches in February 2010, when Fiji toured to play a three-match series at Apia's Faleata Oval (in the Tuanaimato area). Fiji were also playing their first internationals. A major impetus for the establishment of a woman's team was its status as a requirement for associate membership of the ICC, to which SICA aspires. Samoa, captained by Perelini Mulitalo, went on to win the series 3–0, and consequently qualified as the third team (after Japan and Papua New Guinea) for the 2010 EAP Trophy in Japan, the team's first major tournament.
Samoa went on to lose all three of its matches at the EAP Trophy, a 50-over tournament, with their closest game being a 12-run loss to Japan in the qualifying final. Their captain there was Mindy Hodgson, a former representative of the Wellington Blaze in New Zealand domestic cricket. However, the Samoans were more successful at their next regional tournament, the 2012 EAP Women's Championship in Port Vila, Vanuatu. That tournament was played using the Twenty20 format, with the winner progressing to the 2013 World Twenty20 Qualifier in Ireland). The three teams from the 2010 tournament were joined by the Cook Islands, Fiji, and Vanuatu. Samoa won all of its group-stage matches (played only against the three newcomers), but lost its semi-final against Papua New Guinea, eventually placing third after defeating Vanuatu in the third-place playoff.
At the 2014 EAP Women's Championship in Japan (a qualifier for the 2015 World Twenty20 Qualifier), Samoa again placed third after losing a semi-final to Papua New Guinea, with their opponent in the third-place playoff being the Cook Islands. The team's tournament was marked by several instances of individual brilliance, most notably an innings of 104 (from 74 balls) by Moelagi Tuilagi in the playoff, the first century in an EAP Twenty20 event. Samoa's captain, Auckland Hearts player Regina Lili'i, was named both player of the tournament and captain of the team of the tournament. Lili'i was one of three Samoan players with experience in the New Zealand State League, the others being Hana Mauafu (Canterbury Magicians) and Madeleine Chapman (Wellington Blaze). In July 2015, Samoa won the gold medal in the women's tournament at the 2015 Pacific Games in Port Moresby, becoming the first country outside of Papua New Guinea to win gold in Pacific Games cricket.
In December 2020, the ICC announced the qualification pathway for the 2023 ICC Women's T20 World Cup. Samoa were named in the 2021 ICC Women's T20 World Cup EAP Qualifier regional group, alongside seven other teams.
Tournament history
EAP Women's Championship
2010: 3rd place (3 teams)
2012: 3rd place (6 teams)
2014: 3rd place (5 teams)
2016: 2nd place (3 teams)
Pacific Games
2015: Gold medal (6 teams)
2019: Gold medal (4 teams)
Records and Statistics
International Match Summary — Samoa Women
Last Updated 13 July 2019
Twenty20 International
Highest team total: 127/4 (17.5 Overs) v Fiji on 12 July 2019 at Faleata Oval No 1, Apia.
Lowest team total (completed innings only): 82/6 v Papua New Guinea on 10 May 2019 at Independence Park, Port Vila.
Highest individual innings: 51, Regina Lili'i v Fiji on 12 July 2019 at Faleata Oval No 1, Apia.
Best innings bowling: 4/18, Lily Mulivai v Japan on 7 May 2019 at Independence Park, Port Vila.
Most T20I runs for Samoa Women
Most T20I wickets for Samoa Women
T20I record versus other nations
Records complete to WT20I #699. Last updated 13 July 2019.
See also
List of Samoa women Twenty20 International cricketers
References
Women's national cricket teams
Cricket, women
Samoa in international cricket
Women's sport in Samoa
Anna Jessica Zandén (born 28 March 1957) is a Swedish actress. She has appeared in more than 50 films and television shows since 1983. She is the sister of actor Philip Zandén.
Selected filmography
Freud's Leaving Home (1991)
The Ferris Wheel (1993)
In Bed with Santa (1999)
Once in a Lifetime (2000)
Beck – Levande begravd (2009)
References
External links
1957 births
Living people
20th-century Swedish actresses
21st-century Swedish actresses
Swedish film actresses
Swedish television actresses
Actresses from Stockholm
Keyon Whiteside (born January 31, 1980 in Forest City, North Carolina) is a former American football linebacker of the National Football League. He was originally drafted by the Indianapolis Colts in the fifth round of the 2003 NFL Draft. He played college football at Tennessee
References
External links
Indianapolis Colts bio
1980 births
Living people
American football linebackers
Tennessee Volunteers football players
Indianapolis Colts players
Cincinnati Bengals players
People from Shelby, North Carolina
John Kelly Johnson (22 August 1841 – 12 November 1894) was an American politician.
John Kelly Johnson was born on 22 August 1841 to Abijah Johnson and Elizabeth Bailey. When Johnson was thirteen, he and his family moved from Greene County, Ohio, to Indiana, where he attended Wabash College and Battle Ground Institute. Johnson subsequently pursued legal studies at the University of Michigan. Upon moving to Oskaloosa, Iowa, in 1865, he read law with J. R. Barcroft and later attended law school in Des Moines. After passing the bar in 1867, Johnson moved to Eddyville and began practicing law alongside Henry N. Clements, a classmate of his at Michigan. While living in Eddyville, Johnson served as city attorney as well. In 1868, he returned to Oskaloosa, where he established a firm with George W. Lafferty and also served as city attorney from 1869 to 1870.
Johnson was a Republican member of the Iowa Senate for District 15 from 1880 to 1884. Upon his election to a judgeship in 1883, Johnson stepped away from his partnership with Lafferty. He retained his position for the sixth judicial district in the 1886 and 1890 elections. He died on 12 November 1894.
References
1894 deaths
1841 births
Wabash College alumni
People from Greene County, Ohio
Iowa city attorneys
19th-century American lawyers
19th-century American politicians
Iowa state senators
Iowa Republicans
Iowa state court judges
University of Michigan Law School alumni
People from Oskaloosa, Iowa
People from Eddyville, Iowa
GSE Systems, Inc. develops and markets software-based simulation and training products to nuclear, oil, and gas electricity generators, and the chemical process industries. It also sells software for monitoring and optimizing plant and signal analysis to the power industry.
GSE Systems was established in 1994 from three simulation companies that came together. They were part of an original heritage from Singer-Link where they were involved in high-intensity simulation applications such as flight simulators. Since 1994 the company has grown through acquisitions. The primary businesses continue to be process control focused in the chemical, pharmaceutical and food industry, and simulation, which is also focused on fossil and nuclear simulation.
GSE Systems is headquartered in suburban Baltimore, Maryland. Global operations are conducted from offices in Sykesville (Maryland), Nyköping (Sweden), Beijing (China), Stockton-on-Tees (UK), and Chennai (India).
Timeline:
1929 Edwin Albert Link invents and patents the first Link Trainer, forms Link Aeronautical Corporation in Binghamton, NY.
1930 Link Flying School organized in Binghamton.
1933 Link Aeronautical Corporation moves to Endicott, NY to maintain the flight school, repair airplanes, and operate charter flights.
1934 Link Aeronautical Corporation returns to Binghamton.
1935 Link Aviation Devices, Inc. is formed in Binghamton, NY to manufacture trainers etc. Link Aviation Devices, Inc. renamed Link Aviation, Inc.
1937 Link Manufacturing Company Limited is formed in Gananoque, Ontario to build
trainers for Canadian and UK customers.
1953 Ed Link steps down as president of Link Aviation.
1954 Ed and George Link sell Link Aviation to General Precision Equipment Corporation.
1956 Link Aviation acquires a controlling interest in Air Trainers Limited of England and changes its name to Air Trainers Link Limited.
1959 Ownership of Air Trainers Link Limited is transferred to the parent company, GPE, and the name changes to General Precision Systems Ltd.
1965 GPE buys the operations of the Riverdale, MD plant of Electronics Division of ACF Industries (previously ERCO) and moves it to Silver Spring, MD.
1967 Redifon, a member of Rediffusion, buys Air Trainers Link Ltd. and renames it Redifon Air Trainers Ltd.
1968 Singer Corporation acquires GPE. Edwin Link remains as consultant until 1972.
1984 Simuflite Training International Inc. is founded by Singer.
1987 Singer's Link Division is incorporated as Link Corporation.
1988 Paul A. Bilzerian buys Singer Corporation.
1988 CAE Industries, Ltd. buys Link Corporation of Silver Spring, MD.
1988 Singer's simulation manufacturing business is reorganized under the name of LinkMiles with two companies: Link-Miles Limited located in Lancing, England and LinkMiles International Simulation Corporation based in Binghamton, NY.
1989 Singer is renamed Bicoastal Corporation.
1989 Bicoastal Corporation files Chapter 11 bankruptcy.
1990 Link-Miles Simulation Corporation of Columbia, MD is renamed S3 Technologies.
1990 Thomson-CSF of France buys Link-Miles Limited, merges it with Redifussion Simulation, and renames it Thomson Training & Simulation.
1992 Bicoastal Corporation is dissolved.
1993 ManTech International buys S3 Technologies.
1995 Hughes Electronics Corporation buys CAE-Link.
1994 GSE Systems (Global Simulation & Engineering Systems) absorbs S3 Technologies.
Major Milestones:
In 2011, Construction of Westinghouse AP1000 nuclear power plant simulator, a first-of-a-kind project. The simulators were built for Sanmen Nuclear Power Station and Haiyang Nuclear Power Plant in China, also Vogtle Electric Generating Plant and Virgil C. Summer Nuclear Generating Station in US.
In 1977, GSE was a pioneer provider of high-fidelity refinery and fossil power plant simulators. Since then, GSE has built more full-scope simulators than all of its competitors combined.
In 1971, GSE Systems, then Singer-Link Simulation, built one of the early stage commercial full-scope nuclear power plant simulators. During 1968-1973 period there were four simulators commissioned by nuclear steam supply system (NSSS) vendors, which were General Electric, Westinghouse, Babcock & Wilcox, and Combustion Engineering. The later two were built by Singer-Link. The first utility-owned simulator was manufactured by Singer-Link for the Consolidated Edison Company in Buchanan, N.Y., which represented Indian Point 2, was ready for training in 1975.
Major Acquisitions:
GSE Systems Acquires EnVision Systems in the year 2011. EnVision, which provides interactive multi-media tutorials and simulation models, primarily to the petrochemical and oil & gas refining industries. EnVision, with headquarters in Madison, NJ and an office in Chennai, India, was founded in 1991. EnVision's tutorials and simulation models serve the rapidly growing entry-level training market for the oil & gas refining and specialty chemicals industries. EnVision's products provide a foundation in process fundamentals and plant operations and interaction. With this knowledge base, users may then graduate to the full-scope, high-fidelity, real-time simulators provided by GSE. EnVision has completed more than 750 installations in over 28 countries and its approximately 130 clients include Shell Oil Company, BP, Total and Chevron.
References
External links
Official website
WSAT Dynamic Simulator
Companies listed on the Nasdaq
Companies established in 1994
Software companies based in Maryland
Software companies of the United States
Bığbığ Ivy () is a very old climbing plant located in Adana Province, southern Turkey.
Bığbığ Ivy is located at Meydan Yaylası (highland) of Aladağ district in Adana Province. Situated in Bığbığı location at high above main sea level, the age of the ivy (Hedera helix) is dated to be around 4000 years old. It is long with a trunk circumference of and a canopy size of .
The plant was registered a natural monument on June 6, 1994. The protected area of the plant covers .
References
Adana Province
Natural monuments of Turkey
Protected areas established in 1994
1994 establishments in Turkey
Aladağ, Adana
Individual trees in Turkey
Hedera
The Hippocratic Museum is a museum, on the Greek island of Kos. Its exhibits display the history of the Hippocratic Foundation of Kos, which is dedicated to transmitting knowledge about Hippocrates, as well as founding hospitals and institutes. The ancient Greek physician Hippocrates is believed to have been born there. The displays include some literature about the Hippocratic medicine.
External links
International Hippocratic Foundation of Kos (official website - Greek only) museum photos of
Official municipality information website
Biographical museums in Greece
Medical museums
Archaeological museums in the South Aegean
Kos
Medical and health organizations based in Greece
Supervisory control is a general term for control of many individual controllers or control loops, such as within a distributed control system. It refers to a high level of overall monitoring of individual process controllers, which is not necessary for the operation of each controller, but gives the operator an overall plant process view, and allows integration of operation between controllers.
A more specific use of the term is for a Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition system or SCADA, which refers to a specific class of system for use in process control, often on fairly small and remote applications such as a pipeline transport, water distribution, or wastewater utility system station.
Forms
Supervisory control often takes one of two forms. In one, the controlled machine or process continues autonomously. It is observed from time to time by a human who, when deeming it necessary, intervenes to modify the control algorithm in some way. In the other, the process accepts an instruction, carries it out autonomously, reports the results and awaits further commands. With manual control, the operator interacts directly with a controlled process or task using switches, levers, screws, valves etc., to control actuators. This concept was incorporated in the earliest machines which sought to extend the physical capabilities of man. In contrast, with automatic control, the machine adapts to changing circumstances and makes decisions in pursuit of some goal which can be as simple as switching a heating system on and off to maintain a room temperature within a specified range. Sheridan defines supervisory control as follows: "in the strictest sense, supervisory control means that one or more human operators are intermittently programming and continually receiving information from a computer that itself closes an autonomous control loop through artificial effectors to the controlled process or task environment."
Other points
Robotics applications have traditionally aimed for automatic control. Automatic control requires sensing and responding appropriately to all combinations of circumstances which can present problems of overwhelming complexity. A supervisory control scheme offers the prospect of solving the automation problem incrementally and leaving those problems unsolved to be handled by the human supervisor.
Communications delay does not have the same impact on this control scheme. All time critical feedback occurs at the slave where the delays are negligible. Instability is thus avoided without modifying the feedback loop. Communications delay, in this case, slows the rate at which an operator can assign tasks to the slave and determine whether those tasks have been successfully carried out.
See also
Human reliability and human factors for more on human supervisory control
Thomas B. Sheridan, a researcher of supervisory control and other subjects and professor of mechanical engineering at MIT
Supervisory control theory
References: Human Supervisory Control
Amalberti, R. and Deblon, F (1992). Cognitive Modelling of Fighter Aircraft Process Control: A Step Towards an Intelligent On-Board Assistance System. International Journal of Man-Machine Studies, 36, 639-671.
Hollnagel, E., Mancini, G. and Woods, D. (Eds.) (1986). Intelligent decision support in process environments. New York: Academic Press.
Jones, P. M. and Jasek, C. A. (1997). Intelligent support for activity management (ISAM): An architecture to support distributed supervisory control. IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics, Special issue on Human Interaction in Complex Systems, Vol. 27, No. 3, May 1997, 274-288.
Jones, P. M. and Mitchell, C. M. (1995). Human-computer cooperative problem-solving: Theory, design, and evaluation of an intelligent associate system for supervisory control. IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics, 25, 7, July 1995, 1039-1053.
Mailin, J. T., Schreckenghost, D. L., Woods, D. D., Potter, S. S., Johannsen, L., Holloway, M. and Forbus, K. D. (1991). Making intelligent systems team players: Case studies and design issues. Volume 1: Human-computer interaction design. NASA Technical Memorandum 104738, NASA Johnson Space Center.
Mitchell, C. M. (1999). Model-based design of human interaction with complex systems. In A. P. Sage and W. B. Rouse (Eds.), Handbook of systems engineering and management (pp. 745 – 810). Wiley.
Rasmussen, J., Pejtersen, A. and Goodstein, L. (1994). Cognitive systems engineering. New York: Wiley.
Sarter, N. and Amalberti, R. (Eds.) (2000). Cognitive engineering in the aviation domain. Lawrence Erlbaum Associates.
Sheridan, T. B. (1992). Telerobotics, automation, and human supervisory control. MIT Press.
Sheridan, T. B. (2002). Humans and automation: System design and research issues. Wiley.
Sheridan, T. B. (Ed.) (1976). Monitoring behavior and supervisory control. Springer.
Woods, D. D. and Roth, E. M. (1988). Cognitive engineering: Human problem-solving with tools. Human Factors, 30, 4, 415-430.
Citations
Control theory
Maalaala Mo Kaya (; abbreviated MMK), also known as Memories in English, is a Filipino television series, which was first aired on May 15, 1991. MMK is the longest-running drama anthology on Philippine television.
Episodes
References
2017 Philippine television seasons
Lists of Philippine drama television series episodes
Maalaala Mo Kaya
Welington Silva Morais (born 6 September 1996) is a Brazilian track and field athlete who specialises in the shot put. He was the gold medallist at the 2021 South American Championships and the silver medallist at the 2022 Ibero-American Championships.
Early years
Welington Silva Morais was born in Imperatriz, Maranhão on 6 September 1996. He began training in athletics in 2010 at the suggestion of a teacher who observed him playing dodgeball. Morais won some local titles before moving to the city of Londrina to continue his training. He saw a rapid improvement in his results, winning the silver medal in the javelin throw (700 g) at the 2012 South American Youth Championships in Argentina. The following year he won a gold medal in the shot put event at the Jogos Escolares da Juventude (Juvenile School Games); his mother surprised him by travelling to the city of Belém to see him compete for the first time.
Career
After settling on the shot put as his discipline, Morais captured the silver medal at the 2015 South American Junior Championships in Ecuador. He also competed at the Pan American Junior Championships two months later in Canada, though he did not medal. In 2018, Morais won a bronze medal at the Troféu Brasil de Atletismo by reaching 19.37 m. Two weeks later he won the 2018 South American U23 Championships with a personal best throw of 19.85 m, coming within 7 centimetres of the championship record.
In mid-2019, Morais competed at both the Summer Universiade in Italy and the Pan American Games in Peru, though he failed to reach the podium at either. However, that September, he repeated as a bronze medallist at the Troféu Brasil de Atletismo before capturing the Brazilian university title. Morais followed this up with a silver-medal performance at the 2020 Troféu Brasil de Atletismo, recording a throw of 19.43 m while Darlan Romani captured his ninth consecutive national title.
On 26 March 2021, Morais threw 20.28 m for a first-place finish at the Reynaldo Berto Gorno South American Grand Prix in Uruguay. It was the first time he surpassed the 20-metre mark and was the second-farthest throw ever by a Brazilian, behind only Darlan Romani's 22.61 m. Morais then won the gold medal at the 2021 South American Championships in Ecuador with a throw of 19.87 m, though he failed to get onto the podium at the national championships after finishing in fourth place.
Morais improved to 20.60 m for a third-place finish at the Torneio Internacional de Atletismo São Paulo in April 2022. He won the silver medal at the Ibero-American Championships in Spain the following month. He achieved a new personal best mark of 20.78 m but once again finished behind Darlan Romani, who recorded a championship record throw of 21.70 m.
Achievements
All information taken from World Athletics profile.
Personal bests
International competitions
National titles
National University Championships
Shot put: 2019
National U23 Championships
Shot put: 2018
National Junior Championships
Shot put (6 kg): 2015
National U18 Championships
Javelin throw (700 g): 2012
References
External links
Living people
1996 births
Brazilian male shot putters
South American Championships in Athletics winners
Athletes (track and field) at the 2019 Pan American Games
Competitors at the 2019 Summer Universiade
Sportspeople from Maranhão
People from Imperatriz
John Lewis Griffiths (October 7, 1855 – May 17, 1914), was an American lawyer and diplomat. He served in the Indiana state legislature, was active in Republican politics, and was Consul General of the United States to Britain, from 1905 until his death in 1914.
Early life
John Lewis Griffiths was born in New York City, the son of Welsh immigrants David G. Griffiths and Elizabeth Griffiths. He moved with his parents to Iowa after the American Civil War, and completed his undergraduate and legal education at Iowa State University, earning a law degree in 1875.
Career
Griffiths practiced as a lawyer in Indianapolis. He served in the Indiana legislature in 1886 and 1887, and twice ran unsuccessfully for governor. He was active in Republican politics and a popular orator. In 1905, he was appointed as the United States consul in Liverpool. In 1909, he became the American consul-general in London. He was writing a biography of William Henry Harrison at the time of his death in 1914.
Personal life
Griffiths married Caroline Henderson in 1889. He died suddenly, from an apparent heart attack, in London in 1914, aged 58 years. His funeral was held in New York City, and his grave is in Brooklyn's Green-Wood Cemetery. His widow edited a collection of his speeches, The Greater Patriotism, published in 1918. His home in Indianapolis is now known as the Kemper House, and houses the Historic Landmarks Foundation of Indiana.
References
1914 deaths
1855 births
Burials at Green-Wood Cemetery
American diplomats
My Story (Stylized as MY STORY) is the sixth studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Ayumi Hamasaki, released on December 15, 2004 by avex trax. The album's lyrics were written in their entirety by Hamasaki herself, with composition on the album handled by a team of composers including Kazuhito Kikuchi, Bounceback, Tetsuya Yukumi, and, on some songs, Hamasaki, under the pen name CREA.
By the end of her 2004 arena tour, Hamasaki became dissatisfied with her position at Avex. She felt that the company was treating her as a product rather than a human being and artist. After her two previous efforts, I am… and RAINBOW, which she felt had been rushed, Hamasaki decided that on her next record she would not write to "give people hope" or write "something good"; instead, she simply wrote "freely and honestly" with no set theme. These writing sessions resulted in autobiographical lyrics, exploring Hamasaki's own emotions and reminisces about her career. The music of MY STORY reflects the free theme of the lyrics; its noticeable rock overtones expressed Hamasaki's liking for rock music. Pleased with its sound, Hamasaki declared that My Story was the first album of her career with which she felt truly satisfied.
Lead single "Moments" was released on March 31, 2004 to positive reviews from critics, who praised its rock influences. It was a commercial success too, debuting at number one, selling over 300,000 copies, and receiving a platinum certification. The second single, "Inspire", was successful as well, reaching number one and being certified platinum; it sold over 329,000 units, becoming the highest-selling single from My Story. Similarly, "Carols" topped the charts in Japan and was certified Platinum.
My Story was positively received by critics, who appreciated its aggressive style compared to Western pop music at the time, and its alternative sound. A commercial success, it became Hamasaki's sixth consecutive number-one album in Japan, debuting at the top spot with first week sales of 574,321 copies. In its 43-week chart run, My Story sold 1,132,444 copies and became the seventh best-selling album of the year in Japan. Combined with the sales of its three singles, My Story sold 2,073,640 copies and is the 222nd best-selling album in Japan of all time, this is will be the final album of Ayumi's to hit over a million sales.
Promotion
The album includes the three singles: "Moments", "Inspire", and "Carols". During its first release, four different limited edition covers were released for fans to choose from. There were also two versions released, the first that included the CD only and a second that included a DVD that contained music videos to some (including the singles) of the tracks from the album. For promotional purposes, Ayumi Hamasaki Arena Tour 2005 A: My Story was scheduled from January to April. During the concert tour, My Story was released again in two more formats, SACD and in DVD Audio. All of the lyrics on the album were written by Hamasaki and three of the tracks, "Wonderland", "Winding Road" and "Humming 7/4", were composed by her under the pen name "Crea". It topped the Oricon charts for several weeks (the Japanese equivalent of Billboard). It is currently certified four times platinum in Japan. My Story is the 222nd best-selling album in Japan to date.
Since the single "Moments", her singles have been released in at least two versions, CD and CD+DVD format. "Carols" featured four versions of the single: CD, CD+DVD, SACD, and DVD Audio.
Track listing
My Story Classical
My Story Classical is a compilation with classical versions of the songs from Ayumi Hamasaki's album My Story. My Story Classical was released on March 24, 2005. Most of the tracks were recorded with the Lamoureux Orchestra of France.
Oricon charts
Album
Total Sales : 1,200,000 (Japan)
Total Sales : 1,420,000 (Avex)
Singles
Total single sales: 1,135,000
Total album and single sales: 2,335,000
Release history
Notes
References
Ayumi Hamasaki albums
2004 albums
Avex Group albums
Japanese-language albums
"Twisting at the Woodchopper's Ball" was the first made in Canada single to top the International Charts.
Ronn Metcalfe released an LP named after the title track, "Twistin' at the Woodchopper's Ball", which garnered him a gold record. The album was a good example of high calibre musicianship combined with well written arrangements. Metcalfe would ride the success of this album to create a rock and roll scene in Niagara, Canada. Metcalfe, "Canada's King of Swing", paid $7000 to produce the LP, including the single release from the album, which was chosen "Pick of the Week" in Cash Box magazine. Metcalfe said of the song, "This is the way back to the big bands."
"Twisting at the Woodchopper's Ball" was a hit recording written by Ronn Metcalfe, based on Woody Herman's "Woodchopper's Ball" (1939). It was recorded by the 19 piece Ronn Metcalfe Orchestra (of St. Catharines, Canada) on the Barry label and distributed by Quality Records Ltd., of Toronto (released on February 19, 1962). It rose to the top of the charts in Canada (Hit Parade Charts), and made the WLS (Chicago) Top 40 in 1962.
References
1962 singles
Canadian rock songs
1962 songs
Pseudolithos is a genus of succulent flowering plants of the family Apocynaceae, indigenous to arid areas of Somalia, Yemen and Oman.
Description and naming
The plants were first described as a genus in 1965; the name "Pseudo-lithos" means "false-stone" and refers to their pebble-like appearance. It was originally proposed as Lithocaulon earlier in 1956, but this name was already in use for a genus of fossil algae. All species in this genus are highly succulent, small in size, and exhibit tessellation on their stems' surface. Their small flowers appear on the spherical body's surface.
Species
Pseudolithos caput-viperae Lavranos - Somalia
Pseudolithos cubiformis (P.R.O. Bally) P.R.O. Bally - N Somalia
Pseudolithos dodsonianus (Lavranos) Bruyns & Meve - Somalia & Oman
Pseudolithos gigas Dioli - Eastern Ethiopia
Pseudolithos harardheranus Dioli - Somalia
Pseudolithos horwoodii P.R.O. Bally & Lavranos - Somalia
Pseudolithos mccoyi Lavranos - Yemen & Oman
Pseudolithos migiurtinus (Chiov.) P.R.O. Bally - S + C Somalia
Pseudolithos sphaericus (P.R.O. Bally) P.R.O. Bally - N Somalia
Taxonomy
Phylogenetic studies have shown the genus to be monophyletic, and most closely related to the widespread Caralluma stapeliads of North Africa. Marginally more distantly related is a sister branch comprising the genera Echidnopsis and Rhytidocaulon.
References
External links
Dave's Garden
Columbus Cactus Club photos
Apocynaceae genera
Asclepiadoideae
Greenacres , archaically Greenacres Moor, is an area of Oldham, in Greater Manchester, England. It lies on the west side of the River Medlock opposite the village of Lees.
An upland area, rising gently in altitude from west to east, Greenacres is a residential area located next to parts of Clarksfield, Waterhead, Mumps and Derker, all in the east of Oldham.
History
Until 1807, Greenacres had been open moorland, but the area was urbanised with cotton mills and densely packed redbrick terraced houses as part of Oldham's rapid industrialisation in the 19th century. The main road from Oldham to Huddersfield passes through the locality, which also facilitated this urbanisation.
Greenacres Cemetery is one of Oldham's largest municipal cemeteries; the land was purchased by Oldham Municipal Borough Council in 1850 and it opened in 1857. It has allotments for both Church of England and Roman Catholic observants.
Greenacres has also long been the site of a Nonconformist congregation. Greenacres Congregational Church was formed in 1672 and the first minister was Rev Robert Constantine
Asa Lees & Co. were cotton-spinning machinery manufacturers who had their base at Greenacres.
Greenacres was once the site of shallow coal measures. It also formed a significant part of the Oldham Above Town registration district.
Nonconformism
Greenacres has long been the site of a Nonconformist chapel and congregation. Greenacres Congregational Church has a history which spans virtually the whole period of non-conformity in the United Kingdom.
Reverend Robert Constantine, the Minister of Oldham Parish Church was ejected from his church and livings in 1662 by the Act of Uniformity 1662 for not subscribing to a nationalised system of Protestant beliefs and practices. In 1672 he began preaching to the people of Greenacres in a thatched cottage. After a short time they moved to a larger building nearby, and in 1699 yet again. In the 1780s, as the cause flourished, it became evident that those premises were inadequate and a decision was made to erect a larger and better Chapel suited to the requirements of the congregation and the surrounding community. This building, which still exists today, was built in 1794 opened in 1785.
Education
Greenacres is the site of Greenacres Primary School.
St. Anne's RC Primary School is also situated here. Both of these schools sit on Greenacres Road and are opposite one another.
References
External links
www.greenacreschurch.net
www.greenacrescommunitycentre.co.uk
Areas of Oldham
Paul Welsh (September 11, 1911 - August 29, 2004) was an American philosopher and professor of philosophy at Duke University.
He was a member of Phi Beta Kappa and is known for his works on logic.
Books
Introduction to logic, Romane Clark and Paul Welsh, D. Van Nostrana Company, Inc., Princeton, N.J., Toronto, New York, London, 1962
Fact, Value, and Perception: Essays in Honor of Charles A. Baylis, Duke University Press 1975
References
20th-century American philosophers
Philosophy academics
1911 births
2004 deaths
Cornell University alumni
Cornell University faculty
Duke University faculty
University of Iowa faculty
Bowdoin College alumni
The Nauruan Civil War was fought from 1878 to 1888, between forces loyal to incumbent King Aweida of Nauru and those seeking to depose him in favour of a rival claimant. The war was preceded by the introduction of firearms to Nauru. For the majority of the war, the loyalists and the rebels found themselves in a stalemate, with one side controlling the north and the other controlling the south. In 1888, the German Empire intervened by restoring Aweida to the throne, and by taking combatants' firearms (by the time they had finished, the Germans had confiscated 791 rifles from the Nauruans, nearly one gun for every inhabitant of the island). Nauru lost over one third of its population in the war.
Background
When the British captain John Fearn came to Nauru in 1798, the island had been avoided by sailors, due to its notoriety as a station for pirates. Nevertheless, in the 19th century, the immigration of Europeans, often lawbreakers, steadily increased. Traditional life had been disrupted by the introduction of firearms and spirits, an unknown form of alcoholic drink in ancient Nauru, although the Nauruans consumed toddy (palm wine) for several thousand years.
Course of the war
Outbreak
The conflict began during a marriage festival; while discussing a point of etiquette, which turned into a heated argument, one of the guests fired a pistol and shot a young chief. The need to avenge the young chief's death was perceived as clear in a Nauruan cultural context. Former feuds had their origins in similar incidents, but this time every family in every tribe's clan had guns, exacerbating a potential conflict. Moreover, the Nauruans were goaded by the beachcombers, released convicts and dismissed whalers from Europe. Several deadly shootings led to most Nauruans participating in the war. The conflict saw the island divided into a north and south.
War reports
A squadron of the British Royal Navy anchored off the coast of Nauru on September 21, 1881, and the squadron's flagship approached the island, to appraise the local situation. An acculturated local beachcomber, William Harris, boarded the British ship, which summoned the rest of the squadron by semaphore that evening, saying that a tribal war was raging, that all of the islanders were drunk, that the actual king of the island, Aweida, wished to have missionaries come to the island to help stop the war.
Six years later, an Auckland-dwelling British sea captain named Frederick Moss came in his schooner, the Buster, landing on Nauru while his ship was being reloaded with copra. He reported that the inhabitants of Nauru were friendly and of good humor, although most of the boys and all of the men were armed with rifles and carbines. The war was still going on, although by this time it appeared that many of the islanders had had enough. Through his conversations with the natives, Moss noted that none of them wished to continue fighting, but no tribal group trusted the others to lay down their arms if it did so first. They wished for universal disarmament of the island. Moss received another report from Harris, who still lived on the island. Harris said that two of his family members had already been shot and that he wished a Christian mission would come to the island to restore peace once again.
German annexation and end of the war
The war helped neither the island's copra production nor the interests and securities of the German merchants, who had established cocoa plantations and other agricultural establishments. Because the political stability of the island affected the German holdings there directly, German authorities recommended that Germany should take over the administration of the island, which they did. Germany annexed the island on April 16, 1888, banning both alcohol and firearms. On October 1 of that year, the German gunboat SMS Eber, with 87 men, anchored off the coast of Nauru. The armed German seamen met with Harris and returned with the first European settlers, as well as a Christian missionary from the Gilbert Islands. The next morning, October 2, saw the arrest of the remaining tribal chiefs and the German annexation ceremony, complete with the hoisting of the German flag. German authorities declared that unless all firearms and munitions were turned over to the German government in one day, the chiefs would be executed; the next morning, the natives of the island turned over 765 weapons and several thousand rounds of ammunition, ending the bloodiest tribal war in Nauruan history.
Aftermath
The annexation of Nauru by Germany halted the self-destruction of the island through firearms and alcohol, although the Nauruans lost control of their island and their fate for nearly 80 years. After German annexation, King Aweida retook the throne. In 1914, Germany lost possession of the island in a bloodless transfer of power to Australia.
References
Military History – The Smallest Conflict in History
See also
History of Nauru
Civil wars involving the states and peoples of Oceania
Civil wars of the Industrial era
Wars of succession involving the states and peoples of Oceania
History of Nauru
Wars involving Nauru
1870s in Nauru
1880s in Nauru
Conflicts in 1878
Conflicts in 1879
Conflicts in 1880
Conflicts in 1881
Conflicts in 1882
Conflicts in 1883
Conflicts in 1884
Conflicts in 1885
Conflicts in 1886
Conflicts in 1887
Conflicts in 1888
1880s conflicts
Miłkowice () is a village (former town) in Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It is the seat of the administrative district (gmina) called Gmina Miłkowice.
It lies approximately north-west of Legnica, and west of the regional capital Wrocław.
The village has a population of 2,000.
References
Villages in Legnica County
Bramble is an unincorporated community in Perry Township, Martin County, in the U.S. state of Indiana.
History
A post office was established at Bramble in 1879, and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1906. The community was named for the original owner of the town site.
Geography
Bramble is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Martin County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Here, Here and Here is the third studio album by Meg & Dia. It was released by the Warner Bros. via Sire Records on April 21, 2009.
In contrast to the band's previous release Something Real, here, here and here minimally references literature. The sole exception is the track "Hug me" (née "Hug me till you drug me"), which was inspired by Brave New World. The eponymous closing track references a Mozart quote and narrative in which the composer points to his heart, mind and ears (here, here and here) in order to explain how he wrote his music.
Track listing
The iTunes version has an exclusive 14th track, "What If (Remix)", remixed by Meg Frampton.
Purchasing the album through MegandDia.com includes an instant download of "Agree to Disagree (GarageBand Demo)". The first 1,000 pre-orders also came with an additional autographed booklet. The band's official site offers an exclusive CD/DVD package which includes a 30-minute featurette documenting the making of the album.
Here, Here and Here debuted at number one on the Billboard Heatseekers Chart and number 103 on the Top 200.
"Let's Go Away," "Brightside," and "Giant" were all alternate titles to tracks 01, "Going Away", 09 "The Last Great Star In Hollywood", and 04, "Are There Giants, Too, In The Dance?", respectively.
References
2009 albums
Meg & Dia albums
Albums produced by Howard Benson
Warner Records albums
Mohammad Fariduddin (born 7 May 1985 in Khulna), generally known just as Fariduddin, is a Bangladeshi first-class and List A cricketer who made his debut for Khulna Division in the 2006–07 season. He is a right-handed batsman and a right-arm off break bowler. He is sometimes being referred to by his nickname "Masud". Fariduddin last played at the highest level in the 2014–15 season when he was representing Barisal Division and Kala Bagan Krira Chakra.
References
Living people
Barisal Division cricketers
Sylhet Division cricketers
Prime Bank Cricket Club cricketers
1985 births
Bangladeshi cricketers
Khulna Division cricketers
Kala Bagan Krira Chakra cricketers
The Babakin Science and Research Space Centre () is a division of the Lavochkin Design Bureau based in Khimki, Russia. It is managed by them on behalf of Roscosmos. It is named after Georgy N. Babakin, chief designer of the Lavochkin Association from 1965 to 1971.
Its task is to probe the space through unmanned lunar and planetary missions. The spacecraft of the Kosmos 1 mission was built at the centre.
See also
Titov Main Test and Space Systems Control Centre
References
External links
Babakin Science & Research Space Center (archived)
Soviet and Russian space program locations
Space technology research institutes
Lavochkin
Companies based in Moscow Oblast
Research institutes in the Soviet Union
Ohio's 27th senatorial district has historically been based in metro Akron. It now consists of Wayne County, as well as, portions of both Summit and Stark counties. It encompasses Ohio House districts 1, 37, and 38. It has a Cook PVI of R+4. The district was represented by the Senate President from 1978 to 1979 with Senator Oliver Ocasek. Its Ohio Senator is Republican Kristina Roegner. She resides in Hudson located in Summit County.
List of senators
References
External links
Ohio's 27th district senator at the 130th Ohio General Assembly official website
Ohio State Senate districts
Margaret Bennell (24 December 1893 in London – 23 July 1966 in Curry Mallet, Somerset) was a Steiner school teacher, co-founder of Wynstones School in Gloucestershire and founder of Hawkwood College in Stroud.
Biography
Bennell entered the boarding school for girls at Crouch End, London at an early age, for her mother died when she was still a child. The headmistress of the school, Charlotte Cowdroy, a well-known reformer of education for girls, became a substitute for her mother. She studied English Literature in London, obtained her B.A. and began to teach at Charlotte Cowdroy's school, which in time, she took over. With a heart for social engagement, she taught young factory workers in London's East End besides her work at the school.
She encountered Waldorf education, most probably through her friend Margaret McMillan, attending the later conferences following the founding of the “New School” in Streatham, London in January 1925, that was to become Michael Hall. In the middle of a Eurythmy lesson, Margaret left the room together with her colleague Cora Nokes. “Cora, we've got to found a school!” - “Have we really?” “Yes. Indeed!”
Wynstones
They set about putting the plan into action and in 1935 began looking for colleagues and for a suitable location. They managed to find a large manor house in Brookthorpe, Gloucestershire to begin with. Some pupils from Crouch End decided to go along with their two teachers and soon after the founding in 1937 a number more followed. Bettina Mellinger of the original Waldorf School in Stuttgart, which had just been closed by the Nazi government, joined them for a year as consultant. Norbert and Maria Glas, both doctors, also joined the College of Teachers and they were regularly visited by Walter Johannes Stein and Violetta Plincke. Lily Kolisko moved into the region as well after the death of her husband Eugen Kolisko in November 1939. Amongst a number of other committed pioneers, Rudi Lissau took over the Greek and Latin classes and was later to build up the high school. As the bomb attacks during the war mounted, student numbers rose rapidly in their secluded rural setting, amongst them many immigrant children who had fled Germany.
Hawkwood College
As a result of her increasing deafness, teaching children became difficult, leading her to step out of the school and join a friend, Lily Whincop, who owned an old Manor, Hawkwood House in nearby Stroud. Here they founded Hawkwood College as a kind of youth training centre. Maria Röschl and Ernst Lehrs joined their collegial work from time to time and the College became a venue for summer courses in languages for students and teachers. It went through many transformations but remains a centre of anthroposophical work in England.
Margaret Bennel was described as tall, of distinguished appearance with an athletic figure. In her younger years she had represented her country in fencing tournaments, later instructing keen pupils in the art. Both her voice and exceptional command of the English language were a delight to listen to and she was highly respected by both students and colleagues. Yet if the need arose, she might be found on her knees scrubbing the kitchen floor.
Her cooperation with Isabel Wyatt led to the publication of her two books, one of which appeared posthumously. She was already very ill by this time and had retired to Curry Mallet in Somerset. Here she composed music to Shakespeare's lines:
Fear no more the heat o' the sun,
Nor the furious winter's rages;
Thou thy worldly task hast done,
Home art gone, and ta'en thy wages:
Golden lads and girls all must,
As chimney-sweepers, come to dust.
It was the sung as a requiem at her funeral after she died on 23 July 1966 at her home in Curry Mallet.
Books
An Introductory Commentary by Margaret Bennell and Isabel Wyatt on The Chymical Wedding of Christian Rosenkreutz, anno 1459 Michael Press (1965) ASIN B0007K2AU6
Shakespeare's Flowering of the Spirit The Lanthorn Press (1971) ASIN B001F9XM5U
References
Schoolteachers from London
Anthroposophists
1893 births
1966 deaths
Waldorf education
José Nicolás de la Cerda Concha Santiago, (1767-1847) was a Chilean politician and aristocrat. His father was Nicolás de la Cerda y Sanchez de Barreda and his mother was Nicolasa de Santiago Concha y Lobaton. He was born and died in Santiago.
Biography
He embraced the cause of Chilean independence, but was considered a moderate. In 1810, he participated in establishing the Junta de Gobierno that governed Chile in the name of deposed King Ferdinand VII. He was a member of the First National Congress on July 4, 1811, as deputy for Santiago. On September 4, 1811, after the coup of José Miguel Carrera against the Congress, he was forced to leave his seat in favor of Francisco de la Lastra.
Following the establishment of full independence in 1817, he participated in the drafting of the Constitution of 1822, by which legislative elections were called, and he was elected MP for Petorca, a position he was reelected in 1822 and 1823. In the elections of 1824 he represented San Felipe.
External links
Official biography
1767 births
1847 deaths
Members of the Chamber of Deputies of Chile
People of the Chilean War of Independence
Events
Crown of Assyria seized by Pulu, who took the throne name Tukulti-apil-Esharra.
End of the reign of Zechariah of Israel (746-745).
Suggested start of the reign of Menahem Ben Gadi of Israel.
Births
Deaths
Suggested date for the death of King Shallum of the ancient Kingdom of Israel
References
740s BC
Omar Menghi (born 18 October 1975) is an Italian motorcycle racer. His brother, Fabio Menghi, is also a motorcycle racer.
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
(key)
References
External links
Profile on MotoGP.com
1975 births
Living people
Italian motorcycle racers
250cc World Championship riders
Sportspeople from Rimini
Johnson Motor Wheel was a kit to convert a bicycle into a motorized bicycle. It was manufactured by an American firm, Johnson Brothers Motor Company in Terre Haute, Indiana.
History
The Johnson Motor Wheel was designed in 1914 by Louis Johnson. It was patented in the USA in 1919 and in the UK in 1920.
The initial design had problems at high speeds, so a fellow inventor from Indiana, Dick Oglesby, offered his ignition magnetos to the Johnsons in order to address the problem. The Johnson brothers moved to South Bend, Indiana and formed the Johnson Brothers Motor Wheel Company to manufacture the kits.
The Motor Wheel had a 2-cycle engine which produced 1HP and had two flywheel magnetos, bronze bearings and a float feed carburetor. The complete kit came with a wheel, hub tire, shock-absorbing spring sprocket holder, wheel sprocket and chain, handlebar controls for choke, throttle and engine shutoff, three quart gas tank and gas line, and all necessary fittings to adapt the engine and rear wheel unit to any 26" bicycle.
See also
Timeline of motorized bicycle history
List of motorcycles of the 1910s
List of motorcycle manufacturers
Motorized bicycle
References
External links
Johnson Motor Wheel
Gas Engine Magazine
U.S. Scooter Museum
Motorized bicycles
Defunct motorcycle manufacturers of the United States
Vehicle manufacturing companies established in 1914
Santiago Rodríguez-Miranda Gómez (born 1940) is a Spanish politician who served as Minister of Labour and Social Security from December 1981 to December 1982.
References
1940 births
Living people
University of Barcelona alumni
Government ministers of Spain
20th-century Spanish politicians
Labour ministers of Spain
Wag Kang Lilingon (English: Don't Turn Away; more specifically Don't Look Back) is a 2006 Filipino Supernatural horror film directed by Jerry Lopez Sineneng and Quark Henares and starring Anne Curtis and Kristine Hermosa. It was the first film co-produced by Viva Films and Star Cinema years after Viva ended its ties with ABS-CBN in 2001.
Plot
The plot is separated into three parts: Uyayi, Salamin, and the film's epilogue.
Uyayi (Lullaby)
The Angel of Mercy Hospital is cursed by unknown spirits, most of them male patients. A nurse named Melissa (Anne Curtis) is haunted by these spirits and seeks help from her boyfriend, James (Marvin Agustin). Both Melissa and James conclude that someone from the hospital murdered these patients, and Melissa suspects that Dr. Carl (Raymond Bagatsing), one of the head doctors, is the killer. James offers to spy around the hospital, pretending to be a sick patient.
One night, another patient is killed, with some doctors speculating that he died during sleep paralysis. During the investigation, one of the nurses Melissa works with recognizes James as a former patient. Melissa is shocked and searches the hospital's files for James' documents. It is revealed that James was a former patient of the hospital who was taken in for psychosis after his girlfriend died due to a botched abortion. Melissa confronts James and begins distancing herself from him.
Melissa's sanity begins to decline after she finds Dr. Carl dead in his car at the hospital parking. She begins to panic and run away as a series of apparitions manifest around her. She eventually bumps into James', who comforts her.
At 3AM the next morning, the hauntings worsen. Melissa enters an elevator that begins to shake and the lights turn on and off. The elevator stops on a floor and opens to show James murdered and hanging from the ceiling. She becomes scared, gets off on the next floor, and calls James to meet her as she feels that his life is in danger. James meets up with Melissa, calming her down and formulating their next move. Melissa leads James to a room where she says he'll be safe.
Melissa soon begins an argument with James, saying that he doesn't believe her and that he thinks she's crazy. She turns her back from James and starts humming a lullaby. Worried, James asks her if she's okay. Melissa turns to James, asking him if he loves her, then tells him that if he loves her, he shouldn't look back. As James begins to look behind him, Melissa pushes him to a shelf full of chemicals, severely burning half of his face. Melissa then stabs him to death with a scalpel, revealing her to be the killer.
Salamin (Mirror)
Rosing (Cherry Pie Picache), along with her daughters, Angel (Kristine Hermosa) and Nina (Celine Lim), begin a new life at their new home. The house is old and has been uninhabited for years. The caretaker, Nestor (Soliman Cruz), tells them the electricity doesn't work, while Rosing detects the smell of blood. Angel dismisses her mother, suggesting that it's just her sickness. The girls explore the rest of the house, with Nina trying to open a door leading to the basement, but to no avail.
That night, while making dinner, the door leading to the basement suddenly opens. The family goes down the basement and see an antique-looking mirror. Angel then tells Nina of a superstition: during a full moon, you light a candle in front of a mirror and, if you wish hard enough, you will see your future husband. Rosing objects to the idea, saying that it's dangerous and that they shouldn't be messing with stuff in the basement. The girls don't listen and they do the ritual. Nina becomes disappointed when nothing happens. The next day, strange things begin to happen, such as dead cats collecting outside their front door and apparitions suddenly appearing. Angel asks Nestor if anyone has died in the house, but Nestor replies that nobody died there.
The hauntings worsen and a frantic Angel seeks help from her psychic friend, Trixie (Dimples Romana). Trixie reveals that the mirror became a portal that opened after doing their ritual and that the spirits from the mirror were souls of the previous tenants of the house. Trixie suggests that they get rid of the mirror, with her and Angel dumping it in a river. Rosing decides to have the house blessed afterwards. Later on, Angel finds out that a former tenant, a woman, was murdered in the house. As she goes to visit the woman's grave, Angel sees Nestor and confronts him about lying to her about the house. Nestor rebuffs her, saying that all houses have ghosts. When Angel asks whether the killer was caught, Nestor reveals that he has been suspected, but was cleared of the charge.
One morning, another haunting incident occur and the family decide to leave the house for good. While departing, Angel sees the mirror that she and Trixie dumped in the river, and foresaw the death of her family. Rosing asks Angel what she was doing, but as Angel begins to explain and point at the mirror, the mirror was gone. The family goes to Trixie and asks if they can stay with her for a few days, to which she happily obliged. That night, the spirits have followed them and begins to haunt them relentlessly. After the haunting stopped, Angel decides to go back to the house to figure out a way to stop the spirits.
Angel arrives at the house, goes to the basement, and is shocked to see Nestor there. Angel figures out that Nestor was the killer. Nestor begins to chase Angel around the house, with Trixie, Rosing, and Nina arriving to come to Angel's aid. Ghosts of the previous tenants of the house also appear throughout the chase with Nestor. Trixie is bludgeoned on the head by Nestor and corners Angel, Rosing, and Nina. Rosing and Angel are stabbed, while Nina runs away. Nestor chases after her and Nina becomes trapped in the basement. Cornered, Nestor hums a lullaby (the same lullaby Melissa hums in Uyayi), telling Nina to come out. A bleeding Angel then hits Nestor on the head, his head bashing on a mirror, killing him. Angel then dies in Nina's arms.
Epilogue
In a series of flashbacks, it is revealed that Nina became an orphan after the events of Salamin. She is placed in an orphanage and she changes her name to Melissa. She leaves for the United States, where she studied nursing and worked there for the next 6 years, only to return to the Philippines to work at the Angel of Mercy hospital. It is then revealed that her childhood home was demolished and the hospital was erected in its place. The spirits that haunt the Angel of Mercy hospital are the same ghosts that haunted Melissa's old house.
Melissa is then seen driving James' body to Angel's dream house. During dinner, Melissa is seen talking to Angel, Rosing, and James, who is alive and well. A sad Angel then tells Melissa that she can't keep them in the mortal world and that she must let them go. As the camera zooms out, it is shown that Melissa is alone, with James' body on a dining chair, talking to herself and carrying the entire conversation.
The movie ends with Melissa hearing James whisper her name, leaning closer towards him. Suddenly, James awakens from his unconscious state and grabs her by the neck as she screams and the screen cuts to black.
Cast and characters
Uyayi (Lullaby)
Anne Curtis as Melissa/Nina
Marvin Agustin as James
Raymond Bagatsing as Dr. Carl
Salamin (Mirror)
Kristine Hermosa as Angel
Cherry Pie Picache as Rosing
Celine Lim as Nina
Soliman Cruz as Mang Nestor
Dimples Romana as Trixie
Baron Geisler as Red
Archie Alemania as Lander
Julia Clarete as Maila
See also
List of ghost films
External links
Star Cinema films
Viva Films films
2006 horror films
2006 films
Philippine horror films
Filipino-language films
Films directed by Jerry Lopez Sineneng
Mahkemeağcin, Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
Ugljarevac () is a village in the city area of Kragujevac, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 129 people.
References
Populated places in Šumadija District
Erentepe, Kumluca is a village in the District of Kumluca, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kumluca District
Erin Joe is currently working for FireEye/Mandiant as their Senior Vice President of Strategy and Alliances.
Erin Joe was the 2nd director of the U.S. government's Cyber Threat Intelligence Integration Center.
Joe was previously a senior executive over cyber operations at the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI). She served as a special agent in the FBI for 22 years.
References
Trump administration personnel
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
The 2014 Boodles Challenge was an exhibition tournament held before Wimbledon to serve as a warm-up to players. Taking place from 17 to 21 June 2014 at Stoke Park in London, it was the 13th edition of the Boodles Challenge. Robin Haase won the title.
Participants
On 23 May, the tournament organisers announced a list of 10 players that would participate in the tournament:
Kevin Anderson
Marin Čilić
Novak Djokovic
Fabio Fognini
Ernests Gulbis
Tommy Haas
Robin Haase
Jerzy Janowicz
Milos Raonic
Jack Sock
Results
Day 1 (17 June)
Day 2 (18 June)
Day 3 (19 June)
1Djokovic withdrew from the match to prevent further injury to his right wrist, in order to be able to compete at the 2014 Wimbledon Championships.
Day 4 (20 June)
Day 5 (21 June)
References
Boodles Challenge
Boodles Challenge
Boodles Challenge
Boodles Challenge
Boodles Challenge
Brigadier Charles Wilbraham Watson Ford (1896-1972) was a senior officer in the British Indian Army during World War II. He was educated at Cheltenham College and the Royal Military College, Sandhurst. He was commissioned a Second Lieutenant and appointed to the Unattached List for appointment to the Indian Army on 16 December 1914. Ford was appointed to the 35th Sikhs on 11 February 1915.
He served in Mesopotamia from 2 October 1916 to 26 January 1918 and from 24 June 1918 to 19 January 1919. He was Mentioned in the Dispatches London Gazette on 27 August 1918.
He served during the Afghanistan, North West Frontier 1919 operations and was wounded.
Ford transferred to the 5th battalion 11th Sikh Regiment on 1 February 1922 and rose to be appointed Lieut-Colonel commanding on 2 May 1938.
He was appointed acting then temporary Colonel from 9 May 1941 to 1 November 1943. He was also appointed acting then temporary Brigadier from 9 May 1941. He was a Brigade commander from 9 May 1941 to 29 July 1942.
As part of Paiforce (formerly Iraqforce), Ford commanded the 19th Indian Infantry Brigade of the Indian 8th Infantry Division during the Anglo-Soviet invasion of Persia.
He was Mentioned in the Dispatches London Gazette on 17 December 1942 for gallant and distinguished services in Waziristan as Lt-Col.
Ford was promoted to colonel on 2 November 1943 with seniority from 2 May 1941.
He retired colonel (honorary brigadier) on 1 September 1947.
He died in Battle, Sussex, on 13 October 1972.
Command history
1938–1940: Commanding officer, 5th battalion 11th Sikh regiment, India
1941–1942: Commanding officer, 19th Indian Brigade, India and Persia
See also
Iraqforce
References
1896 births
1972 deaths
Indian Army personnel of World War II
British Indian Army officers
People educated at Cheltenham College
People from Staindrop
Graduates of the Royal Military College, Sandhurst
Devekovan is a town in the District of Şereflikoçhisar, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Populated places in Ankara Province
Şereflikoçhisar
Towns in Turkey
The 1962 Mississippi State Bulldogs football team represented Mississippi State University during the 1962 NCAA University Division football season.
Schedule
References
Mississippi State
Mississippi State Bulldogs football seasons
Mississippi State Bulldogs football
The 1998 UEFA Super Cup was a football match that was played on 28 August 1998 at Stade Louis II, Monaco, contested between Champions League winners Real Madrid and Cup Winners' Cup holders Chelsea. Neither team had previously won the trophy. Chelsea won the match 1–0 with a late goal from Gus Poyet.
This was the first Super Cup to be played as a one-off match at a neutral venue. Previously it was played over two legs, although on some occasions, only one match was played, due to special circumstances.
Venue
The Stade Louis II in Monaco was the venue for the UEFA Super Cup for the second time. It was built in 1985, and is also the home of AS Monaco, who play in the French league system. The 1986 European Super Cup match between Steaua București, then holders of the European Cup and Dynamo Kyiv, holders of the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup, took place at the same stadium, in one-leg format.
Teams
Match
Summary
Chelsea's Gus Poyet scored the only goal of the game in the 83rd minute with a right-footed finish from the edge of the penalty area to the right corner of the net after a pass from the left by Gianfranco Zola.
Details
See also
1997–98 UEFA Champions League
1997–98 UEFA Cup Winners' Cup
1971 European Cup Winners' Cup Final – contested between same teams
Chelsea F.C. in international football competitions
Real Madrid CF in international football competitions
References
Super Cup
Super Cup 1998
UEFA Super Cup
UEFA Super Cup 1998
Supercup
1998 in Monégasque sport
August 1998 sports events in Europe
International club association football competitions hosted by Monaco
Benjamin Cassaigne (born 2 April 1976) is a former French tennis player.
Cassaigne has a career high ATP singles ranking of 302 achieved on 10 June 2002. He also has a career high ATP doubles ranking of 182 achieved on 3 March 2003.
Cassaigne has 1 ATP Challenger Tour title at the 2003 Challenger La Manche.
External links
1976 births
Living people
French male tennis players
Tennis players from Paris
Disagree is a Malaysian progressive rock band which performs mostly in English.
The band released their second album (their last), To Prevent The Earth From Moving With You, on June 30, 2009.
History
In 1995, Disagree was founded by two high-school students, Zahid and Hamka. Together with other band members Dann and Amir, the quartet gigged and KL and recorded their first demo, Never Cry Wolf in 1996. According to Zahid, the studio in which they recorded it was Bach & Traz, and it appeared that they were the last band to record in the studio which closed down a week later. He added that they managed to record 10 songs, of which only two were salvaged for the frequent gigging list.
It was not until interest was sparked in 1997 by Miracle Music, a small independent label, did Disagree record their 2nd demo, untitled. However, the dream faded quickly due to internal label obscurities and their hopes were dashed. Since then, members were focusing their interests on other things and the band took a hiatus from the scene for two years.
Disagree resurfaced when Zahid and Hamka responded to a rumour that a rock concert would be held somewhere in Kuala Lumpur. In fact, there was really one, which is the first Rock the World being held in 1 Utama just outside the capital. The band played to 10,000 people, who then motivated the band to come together again and record music. However, Dann and Amir departed soon after, eventually replaced by Aziz and Ashroff.
In 2001, Disagree made a new demo called Homemade Jam that quickly gained popularity. The demo gained radio airplay on the now-defunct Wow FM as well as hitz.fm and various magazines voted the demo the most popular and groundbreaking demo to be reviewed.
The band started to become more actively involved in the scene as they stepped into the shoes of gig organizers. In 2002, they promoted their music in the Fat Ant Music Festival. Later that same year, Disagree opened for 'Rock the World II', one of their biggest achievements to date and continued to join the line-up for subsequent Rock the Worlds. Since then they have become a staple offering in the annual Rock the World.
It was around the time of Rock the World III when Fat Boys Records, an independent label run by Jason Lo who signed grunge bands Naked Breed, showed interest on Disagree.
With talks beginning in 2003, Disagree went prepared to record of their début album. Within 10 months, including the mastering in California, they completed their debut 11-track album At the End of the Day for release on 10 February 2004.
In 2005, Disagree began picking up awards beginning with the Award for Most Airplay in hitz.fm's inaugural Malaysian English Top 10 Awards, followed by Best New English Language Artiste at the 12th Anugerah Industri Muzik.
In 2006, they collaborated with Pop Shuvit to make a song and music video dedicated to football (soccer) fans during the 2006 FIFA World Cup. The song was titled Football Mad Nation and the making of the song and video was sponsored by Celcom.
In 2007, Disagree became part of Nokia You Make It Reel, a competition for aspiring music video directors. Later that same year, they joined Ikon Malaysia.
They launched their 2nd album, To Prevent The Earth From Moving With You in 2009.
Band members
Current members
Zahid (Lead Vocals, Lead Guitar) (1995–2011)
Hamka (Drums) (1995–2011)
Effi Nazrel Saharudin (Bass) (2000–2011)
David (Rhythm Guitar) (2008–2011)
Former members
Dann (Rhythm Guitar) (1995–1999)
Amir (Bass) (1995–1999)
Ashroff (Rhythm Guitar) (2000–2008)
Discography
Studio albums
2004: At the End of the Day
2009: To Prevent The Earth From Moving With You
Other Releases
1996: Never Cry Wolf
2002: Homemade Jam
References
External links
Official website
Disagree's Myspace site
Malaysian alternative rock groups
Musical groups established in 1995
Malaysian progressive rock groups
Musical groups disestablished in 2011
The list of shipwrecks in 1982 includes ships sunk, foundered, grounded, or otherwise lost during 1982.
January
1 January
5 January
12 January
20 January
26 January
29 January
February
8 February
12 February
15 February
16 February
Mekhanik Tarasov was struck by the same weather conditions as Ocean Ranger which sank barely 24 hours earlier, approximately to the west.
18 February
20 February
23 February
26 February
28 February
March
4 March
7 March
11 March
30 March
31 March
April
9 April
13 April
18 April
26 April
May
2 May
4 May
10 May
11 May
13 May
16 May
21 May
22 May
24 May
25 May
30 May
June
4 June
6 June
8 June
9 June
11 June
16 June
19 June
21 June
27 June
28 June
July
3 July
14 July
18 July
23 July
31 July
August
2 August
9 August
16 August
30 August
September
7 September
10 September
11 September
16 September
18 September
30 September
October
12 October
16 October
21 October
24 October
25 October
November
12 November
14 November
21 November
December
7 December
12 December
19 December
27 December
31 December
Unknown date
Unknown date
See also
Lists of shipwrecks
References
1982
Shipwrecks
WEDU (channel 3) is a PBS member television station licensed to Tampa, Florida, United States, serving the Tampa Bay area. Owned by Florida West Coast Public Broadcasting, it is a sister station to fellow PBS member WEDQ (channel 3.4). The two stations share studios on North Boulevard in Tampa, and transmitter facilities in Riverview, Florida.
History
The station first signed on the air on October 17, 1958. For many years, WEDU has been one of the highest-rated stations in the PBS system. At one point, it was the third most-watched PBS member station in the country.
On February 8, 2017, USF announced that the license for secondary PBS outlet WUSF-TV had been sold for $18.8 million in the FCC spectrum auction, and that it would cease operations; on August 11, it announced that the station would go off the air on October 15.
On October 8, it was announced that WUSF-TV had entered into a channel sharing agreement with WEDU, enabling the station to continue operations. WUSF-TV's broadcast license would also be transferred to WEDU's owner, Florida West Coast Public Broadcasting; the transfer was completed on January 24, 2018.
On October 16, 2017 at midnight, WEDU began airing two of WUSF-TV's former subchannels, PBS Kids and Create, located on 3.5 and 3.6, respectively. Also on that date, WUSF-TV changed its calls to WEDQ, and began airing the secondary lineup of PBS programming that had previously aired on WEDU's fourth subchannel under the branding "WEDU Plus."
Technical information
Subchannels
The station's digital signal is multiplexed:
Analog-to-digital conversion
WEDU shut down its analog signal, over VHF channel 3, on February 17, 2009, to conclude the federally mandated transition from analog to digital television. The station moved its digital signal from its pre-transition UHF channel 54. That channel was among the high band UHF channels (52-69) that were removed from broadcast service. On June 12, 2009, it moved to VHF channel 13. Channel 13 originally was the analog channel for Fox owned-and-operated station WTVT but that station vacated Channel 13 on the rescheduled date of the digital television transition, using PSIP to display WEDU's virtual channel as 3 on digital television receivers.
References
External links
Official website
PBS member stations
Television channels and stations established in 1958
EDU
1958 establishments in Florida
Allocapnia fumosa is a stonefly in the family Capniidae. It is commonly known as the Smokies snowfly and is found in the Eastern United States, including North Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia. It is found in the Great Smoky Mountains, and its species name is Latin for "smoky."
It is a small, winged insect found at fast, rocky streams at high elevations. It was first described by Ross in 1964.
References
Plecoptera
Insects described in 1964
In meteorology, the polar highs are areas of high atmospheric pressure, sometimes similar to anticyclones, around the north and south poles; the south polar high being the stronger one because land gains and loses heat more effectively than sea, which the north has much less of. The cold temperatures in the polar regions cause air to descend, creating the high pressure (a process called subsidence), just as the warm temperatures around the equator cause air to rise instead and create the low pressure intertropical convergence zone. Rising air also occurs along bands of low pressure situated just below the polar highs around the 50th parallel of latitude. These extratropical convergence zones are occupied by the polar fronts where air masses of polar origin meet and clash with those of tropical or subtropical origin in a stationary front. This convergence of rising air completes the vertical cycle around the polar cell in each latitudinal hemisphere's polar region. Closely related to this concept is the polar vortex, a rotating low-pressure circle of cold air around the poles.
Surface temperatures under the polar highs are one of the coldest on Earth, with no month having an average temperature above freezing. Regions under the polar high also experience very low levels of precipitation, which leads them to be known as "polar deserts".
Air flows outwards from the poles to create the polar easterlies in the arctic and antarctic areas.
See also
Polar vortex
Polar low
References
Regional climate effects
Paranecepsia is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1976. It contains only one known species, Paranecepsia alchorneifolia, native to southeastern Africa (eastern Tanzania and Niassa Province in northern Mozambique).
The species has been classified as vulnerable.
References
Monotypic Euphorbiaceae genera
Acalyphoideae
Vulnerable plants
Flora of Mozambique
Flora of Tanzania
Halberstadt is a town in the German state of Saxony-Anhalt and the capital of the district of Harz.
It can also refer to:
Places
Several territories centered on the town have used its name:
Bishopric of Halberstadt, a Roman Catholic diocese and state of the Holy Roman Empire until the Peace of Westphalia
Principality of Halberstadt, the secularized successor to the Bishopric of Halberstadt after the Peace of Westphalia
Halberstadt (district), a former district (Kreis) in the middle of Saxony-Anhalt, Germany, merged with other districts in 2007 to form the district of Harz.
People
Alex Halberstadt (born 1970), American writer
Amy Halberstadt (born 1954), American psychologist
Hans Halberstadt (1885–1966), German-born American Olympic fencer
Haymo of Halberstadt (died 853), German Benedictine monk and author who served as bishop of Halberstadt
Joseph Allen Halberstadt (born 1988), American drummer
Milton Halberstadt (1919–2000), American photographer
Randy Halberstadt (born 1953), American jazz musician
Scott Halberstadt (born 1976), American film and television actor
Vitaly Halberstadt (1903-1967), French chess master
Victor Halberstadt (born 1939), Professor of Public Sector Finance
Aircraft
Halberstädter Flugzeugwerke was a German aircraft manufacturer established in 1912, and dissolved after the end of World War I. Aircraft made by the company included:
Halberstadt C.V
Halberstadt CL.II
Halberstadt CL.IV
Halberstadt D.I
Halberstadt D.II
Sport
VfB Germania Halberstadt, a German football club located in Halberstadt, which as of the 2011–12 season was playing in Regionalliga Nord
Morton Cohen may refer to:
Morton Cohen (politician) (1913–1968), Australian politician
Morton N. Cohen (1921–2017), American author and scholar
Illinois Vietnam Veterans Memorial honors the 2,970 Illinois residents who are listed as killed or listed as missing in action during the Vietnam War. Dedicated in 1988, the Memorial includes the names of the dead or missing carved in black granite walls that radiate from the central eternal flame. Supporting the flame are five vertical gray granite walls, each representing a branch of the armed services. A vigil and memorial service is held each year on the first full weekend in May and on Memorial Day, as well as the first Saturday in December.
The Memorial is maintained by the Illinois Historic Preservation Agency as a state historic site, and is located at Oak Ridge Cemetery in Springfield, Illinois.
References
External links
Illinois Vietnam Veterans Memorial
Eternal flames
Illinois State Historic Sites
Monuments and memorials in Illinois
Tourist attractions in Springfield, Illinois
Buildings and structures in Springfield, Illinois
1988 sculptures
1988 establishments in Illinois
Granite sculptures in Illinois
Outdoor sculptures in Illinois
Memento Mori is an adventure video game developed by Czech company Centauri Production in 2008.
Gameplay
Memento Mori is a classic point-and-click adventure game. The game switches between two characters. In some parts you play as Max Durrand but in others you play as Larisa Svetlova. The player can make some decisions during the game. The game has six endings, which occur based on the player's decisions.
Plot
There is an alarm failure in the Hermitage Museum and Colonel Ostankovich suspects that something has happened. He decides to find Maxim Durrand, a history professor and former criminal, to find out what happened. Max is forced to help Ostankovich if he doesn't want to have troubles due to his past. In the search for the stolen paintings Max and Lara (mostly on their own) visit the Hermitage, an old library, the Interpol's headquarters in Lyon, the residence in Scotland and further locations. They interrogate the suspects, search for data, break codes and discover forgeries. All their journeys finally lead Max, accompanied by his brother, to the Finnish cloister. Strange deaths, secret signs and increasingly weird behavior of Max's brother André and of those around him force Max to the very edge of sanity.
The story is set in various places in Europe. The player can get to Saint Petersburg, Lyon, Finnish Church, Lisbon and Scotland.
Characters
Maxim Durrand: Max is the main protagonist of the game. He is young French professor of history. In his past he was forced to forge various paintings of great painters in order to raise money for his wife's surgery. However, she died and he was dragged deeper into criminal world. He was arrested by Larisa but she made a covert agreement with him instead to get him into jail. Then he became an informant to Russian police.
Larisa Svetlova: Lara is the second playable character in Memento Mori. She was an officer in the Russian police force. She was due to her achievements transferred to Lyon where she works as a Russian representative at Interpol's headquarters.
André Durrand: Andy is a younger brother to Max. He accompanies his brother during the investigation.
Colonel Ostankovich: Ostankovich is the commander of a special police department in Saint Petersburg. He promised that under his command not an item will get lost in the Hermitage. He forces Max and Lara to help him.
Reception
The game received mixed to positive reviews from critics.
Sequel
The sequel was released in 2012 in Germany. Due to problems at its publisher, Dtp entertainment, the game had to wait for its worldwide release until May 13, 2014.
References
External links
Official website
Memento Mori at Centauri Production website
2008 video games
Adventure games
Point-and-click adventure games
Bohemia Interactive games
Video games about police officers
Video games featuring female protagonists
Video games set in Russia
Video games set in France
Video games set in Finland
Video games set in Portugal
Video games set in Scotland
Video games with alternate endings
Video games developed in the Czech Republic
Windows games
Windows-only games
Single-player video games
Akella games
Got Game Entertainment games
DTP Entertainment games
This is the discography for American country musician George Hamilton IV.
Albums
Singles
A"Now and for Always" reached No. 12 in Canada.
B"Teen Commandments" reached No.14 on the Canadian charts.
C"Abilene" also peaked at No. 4 on Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks and No. 9 in Canada.
D"Canadian Pacific" also peaked at No. 9 on the RPM Top Singles chart in Canada.
Guest singles
B-sides
References
External links
Country music discographies
Discographies of American artists
Jake Armerding is an American folk musician and multi-instrumentalist from Boston, Massachusetts. He plays mostly acoustic string instruments like the mandolin, acoustic guitar, and fiddle. In 1990, Jake began playing with Northern Lights occasionally. He joined the band full-time in 1992 and was a member until 1999 when he left the band to pursue a solo career. Jake attended Wheaton College where he received a degree in English literature. In 2001, Armerding won the Best New Artist Award from Boston's folk-radio station, WUMB.
In addition to his solo efforts, Jake makes up half of a duo, The Fretful Porcupine, along with saxophonist Kevin Gosa. Armerding is also a member of Barnstar!, a "bluegrass [band] for people who hate bluegrass." He is on the faculty of the Traditional Music Project housed at the Real School of Music in Burlington, Massachusetts.
Jake recently played violin and mandolin as part of an ensemble recording music for the audiobook version of Josh Ritter's first novel, Bright's Passage.
Notable Performances
Jake has made multiple appearances at The Kennedy Center in Washington, D.C.
Discography
Northern Lights
1994 - Wrong Highway Blues
1996 - Living in the City
Solo
1999 - Caged Bird
2003 - Jake Armerding (released by Compass Records)
2007 - Walking on the World
2009 - Songs in Stained Glass
2009 - Her
2013 - Cosmos in the Chaos
2015 - Your Voice Like Brake Lights: A Collection
The Fretful Porcupine
2010 - Cellar Sessions EP
Barnstar!
2011 - C'mon!
2015 - Sit Down! Get Up! Get Out!
Rosin
2017 - Rosin
Contributions
2005 - Mark Stepakoff - There Goes the Neighborhood (fiddle)
2006 - Scott Alarik - All That Is True: Folk Songs Old and New
2009 - Taylor Armerding - Head That Way (fiddle and voice)
References
External links
Official Site
The Fretful Porcupine
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Folk musicians from Massachusetts
American folk singers
American male singer-songwriters
Musicians from Boston
Wheaton College (Illinois) alumni
Singer-songwriters from Massachusetts
Tara Muzik was an Indian Bengali-language satellite and cable music-oriented television channel owned by the Saradha Group, a chit fund company. It was launched on 21 February 2005, as the first Bengali-language music-oriented channel in the world, after being split from Tara Bangla, which was launched on 28 April 2000. Tara Muzik was targeted to Bengali-speaking audiences in both India and Bangladesh. It is broadcast from Tara's headquarters in Salt Lake, Kolkata. Due to financial reasons, the channel was shut down on 12 May 2013.
History
In 2000, Doordarshan and later Star TV's former head, Rathikant Basu, established TARA, which stood for Television Aimed at Regional Audiences. The network comprised four regional television channels in Bengali, Punjabi, Gujarati, and Marathi languages, all of which besides the Bengali one have shut down because of financial losses. On 21 February 2005, Tara exited the general entertainment genre due to stiff competition from its rivals, such as ETV Bangla and Alpha Bangla, and split Tara Bangla into two television channels, Tara Newz and Tara Muzik, devoted to news and music programming respectively. Within less than a month after its launch, Tara Muzik had the second-highest viewership among Bengali-language television channels in India, behind only ETV Bangla. In 2010, Saradha Group acquired the two channels from Broadcast Worldwide, which owned the Tara television network.
Financial crisis and shutdown
In early 2013, Tara Muzik suspended regular programming and began airing repeat telecasts due to financial reasons. On 14 April 2013, they, along with its sisters, Tara Newz and TV Southasia, were given a closure notice, leading to employees who refused to shut the channels down breaking on live television. According to general manager Indrajit Roy, Saradha Group, the owners of the three channels, were no longer willing to fund them. However, Tara Muzik resumed broadcasting as there was a campaign to save the three channels from shutting down, until the channel itself ceased doing so on 12 May 2013. Later, West Bengal's chief minister, Mamata Banerjee, announced to acquire both Tara Muzik and Tara Newz, but a TRAI order banning Indian state governments to acquire television channels halted the acquisition.
See also
Tara Newz
TV Southasia
External links
References
Bengali-language television channels in India
Music television channels in India
Television channels and stations established in 2005
Television channels and stations disestablished in 2013
Television stations in Kolkata
2005 establishments in West Bengal
is a Japanese professional baseball outfielder for the Hanshin Tigers in Japan's Nippon Professional Baseball.
Early baseball career
Keisuke was born in Shibukawa, Gunma, Japan, and originally played as pitcher in junior high, but upon his election as team captain, he also became the team's catcher. During his 3rd year in Maebashi Kogyo High School, his team competed with Kiryuu Daiichi High in the Gunma prefectural tournament, wherein despite cracking a 4-run homer from Yasuhiro Ichiba (now with the Swallows), they were defeated. Despite this, he was the Hanshin Tiger's 3rd pick in the 2000 draft.
Due to his mature appearance in high school, he was dubbed as "Kakefu of Joshu" (Joshu no Kakefu or 上州の掛布), in reference to former Tigers player Masayuki Kakefu.
References
External links
NPB stats
1982 births
Living people
Baseball people from Gunma Prefecture
Japanese baseball players
Nippon Professional Baseball outfielders
Hanshin Tigers players
People from Shibukawa, Gunma
The R300 road is a regional road in southwest County Mayo and north County Galway in Ireland. It connects the R330 road at Cloonee and the nearby N84 road at Partry to the R345 road at Clonbur (An Fhairche), to the south (map). It passes through the area known as Joyce Country between the Partry Mountains and Lough Mask.
The government legislation that defines the R300, the Roads Act 1993 (Classification of Regional Roads) Order 2012 (Statutory Instrument 54 of 2012), provides the following official description:
R300: Partry, County Mayo — An Fhairche, County Galway
Between its junction with R330 at Ballynanerroon Beg in the county of Mayo and its junction with R345 at An Fhairche in the county of Galway via An tSraith, Tuar Mhic Éadaigh, Páirc an Doire, Sriath na Long and Fionnaithe in the county of Mayo; and An Choill Bheag in the county of Galway.
See also
List of roads of County Mayo
National primary road
National secondary road
Regional road
Roads in Ireland
References
Regional roads in the Republic of Ireland
Roads in County Mayo
Roads in County Galway
Erich Rutschke (26 May 1926 – 12 February 1999) was a German ornithologist and conservationist who specialized in wetland birds and their biology. Rutschke was responsible for making East Germany a signatory of the Ramsar Convention.
Rustchke was born in Neu-Golm, Bad Saarow in Germany. During the war he served as a paratrooper and was wounded. He became a teacher in 1946. He was interested in birds from childhood but took an interest in ornithology as a career after meeting Erwin Stresemann. He received a PhD for his work on water resistance in plumage in 1958 which included studies on the feathers of penguins. He became a professor of animal physiology at Potsdam and later became a professor at the Pedagogical Highschool in 1991.
He took an interest in waterbirds and the conservation of their habitats establishing a waterbird research centre in East Germany in 1967 and conducting bird censuses. He conducted research on greylag geese and their migration. Rutschke helped make the German Democratic Republic a signatory to the Ramsar Convention on 31 July 1978.
During the Cold War years, he was actively watched by Stasi intelligence agents and informants who followed him to Ornithological Congresses. One intelligence agent reported that while in Hungary, Rutschke had invited Sir "Walter Scott" (actually Sir Peter Scott) and other foreign delegates into his room in order to celebrate and sing (Rutschke was known for his voice) and therefore considered to have broken protocol.
He published books on wild geese, ducks, the swans of Europe and a monograph on the cormorant.
References
1926 births
1999 deaths
University of Potsdam faculty
German ornithologists
20th-century German zoologists
Oltu stone () is a kind of jet found in the region around Oltu town within Erzurum Province, eastern Turkey. The organic substance is used as semi-precious gemstone in manufacturing jewellery.
Location and extraction
Oltu stone, sometimes called also "Erzurum stone", is principally mined in the villages northeast of Oltu town, around Tutlu Dağı (Yasak Dağ) as well as in Alatarla, Hankaskışla and Çataksu villages. The mountainous, rough region with steep slopes is high.
Oltu stone beds are formed when fossilized trees are subject to diastrophism resulting in folding. Beds of this organic substance are in thickness. Extraction is done by digging narrow tunnels and shafts below ground. There are around 600 quarries in the region.
Properties
It is a very dense mineral-like substance of the nature of coal that does not demonstrate crystallinity. It generally comes in black, but can also be velvet-black, blackish brown, gray or greenish.
Oltu stone's most interesting characteristic is its softness when excavated. It only begins to harden when exposed to the air. For this reason, it can be carved very easily.
It attracts, by way of static electricity, light substances like dust when rubbed. Oltu stone burns bursting in flames, and leaves ash behind.
To distinguish true Oltu stone from the artificial jet, it is rubbed against unglazed porcelain. Real Oltu stone will leave a chocolate brown streak. The structure of Oltu stone, which is remarkably like that of wood, can be seen under magnification.
Jewellery
Oltu stone is cut or carved in desired form and polished to manufacture various decorative ornaments and utensils like rings, earrings, necklaces, bracelets, tie pins, smoking pipes, cigarette holders, and prayer beads.
References
Erzurum Province
Fossil resins
Gemstones
Mining in Turkey
Organic gemstones
Coal
tr:Oltu taşı
Güney, Çamlıdere is a village in the District of Çamlıdere, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çamlıdere District
The George Washington Noyes House is a historic house at 2 Prospect Terrace in Gorham, New Hampshire. Completed in 1893, it is a prominent local example of Queen Anne architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in September 2016, and the New Hampshire State Register of Historic Places in April 2016.
Description and history
The George Washington Noyes House is located on a rise known as Soldier's Hill overlooking the Androscoggin River, northeast of the Gorham town common, on the north side of Prospect Terrace, a short spur road providing access to this house and to two other period houses. The house is stories in height, with a complex cross-gabled roof configuration and an exterior clad in a combination of wooden clapboards and decoratively cut shingles. It has the asymmetrical look of a typical Queen Anne Victorian, with varying projecting sections and dormers. An octagonal turret occupies the buildings southwest corner, rising three stories to a truncated octagonal roof with an iron crest railing at the top. A single-story porch wraps across the front and around part of the right side, with turned posts and balusters, and a spindled valance. The interior retains numerous period features, including woodwork and stained glass windows.
The house was built in 1891–93, after a fire devastated that part of Gorham in 1879. It was built for George Washington Noyes, a worker on the Grand Trunk Railroad. Noyes initially worked on the railroad as a laborer, and rose to become one of its master mechanics. The house is one of three (all still standing) built on Soldier's Hill after the fire, and includes a well-preserved carriage barn with original hardware and finishes.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Coos County, New Hampshire
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New Hampshire
Houses completed in 1893
Houses in Coös County, New Hampshire
National Register of Historic Places in Coös County, New Hampshire
New Hampshire State Register of Historic Places
Gorham, New Hampshire
Mike Hiltner (born March 22, 1966) is an American former professional ice hockey player.
Career
Hiltner played four seasons at the University of Alaska Anchorage, where he was a point per game player, scoring 125 point in 121 games.
Hiltner made his professional debut in 1989, splitting time between the International Hockey League and the newly formed East Coast Hockey League.
Hiltner played the following season in the Finnish SM-liiga with Ilves, where he scored 33 points in 39 games. He returned to the IHL for the 1990–91 season, playing with the Kansas City Blades. Hiltner's totals dropped, where he scored eight goals and thirteen points in forty-four games.
Hiltner started the 1991-92 IHL season, but was later assigned to the Raleigh IceCaps and the Nashville Knights of the ECHL.
He would finish his career in 1993 in Germany, playing with SC Memmingen and later ERSC Amberg.
External links
1966 births
Alaska Anchorage Seawolves men's ice hockey players
American men's ice hockey right wingers
Fort Wayne Komets players
Ilves players
Johnstown Chiefs players
Kalamazoo Wings (1974–2000) players
Kansas City Blades players
Living people
Nashville Knights players
Quebec Nordiques draft picks
Raleigh IceCaps players
National Hockey League supplemental draft picks
Ice hockey players from Minnesota
Edward Barrow may refer to:
Ed Barrow (1868–1953), American baseball executive
Edward Dodsley Barrow (1867–1956), Canadian politician
Shahrbani (), formerly called Nazmiyeh (), was a law enforcement force in Iran with police duties inside cities. Founded during Qajar dynasty, it was eventually merged with the rural and roads police Gendarmerie and Islamic Revolution Committees in 1991 to form Law Enforcement Force of Islamic Republic of Iran (NAJA).
References
Government agencies established in 1913
Government agencies disestablished in 1991
Law enforcement in Iran
1913 establishments in Iran
1991 disestablishments in Iran
Defunct law enforcement agencies
The King's Carolina Rangers (KCR) was a loyalist militia regiment active during the American War of Independence. The KCR was composed of nine infantry companies, of which one was converted into a troop of dragoons in 1782. The unit primarily saw action in the South Carolina and Georgia theatres of the conflict.
Beginnings
After fleeing a particularly violent tarring and feathering by Patriots outside of Augusta, Georgia, Thomas Brown sought refuge among loyalists in East Florida in 1775. In June 1776, Brown received authorisation from Governor Patrick Tonyn to form and lead a loyalist unit to be named the East Florida Rangers. The East Florida Rangers were mounted on horseback, but were not a cavalry unit per se, using their horses not for fighting but for transportation over the great distances in the region.
Following their formation, the contributions of the East Florida Rangers primarily concerned scouting the woods, assisting refugees in reaching the safety of East Florida, defending frontier settlements, gathering provisions, plundering farms, and stealing cattle to feed refugees who had fled to the colony. William Henry Drayton, who served as a delegate for South Carolina to the Continental Congress, referred to the rangers as "splitshirt banditti" and a parcel of horse thieves and villains.
In June 1778, the East Florida Rangers partook in the effort to defend Fort Tonyn from a Continental invasion led by General Robert Howe. Seventy-six members of the East Florida Rangers, led by Lt. James Moore, attempted to flank the advancing American army. Moore's plans were however leaked and the East Florida Rangers were ambushed. Lt. Moore fell in the attack.
1779
In 1779 the East Florida Rangers were reorganised into a regiment of infantry, becoming the King's Carolina Rangers on the orders of Brigadier-general Augustine Prevost. The unit continued to be led by Lt. Col. Thomas Brown.
In January 1779, The KCR formed part of the British force which took Augusta. Weeks later in February, they assisted during the Battle of Kettle Creek during the British retreat from Augusta. The KCR then partook in the decisive British victory at the Battle of Brier Creek.
In April, the KCR formed part of the vanguard of General Provost's advance on Charleston before being assigned to Ebenezer, Georgia in July.
In September, the KCR were deployed on the extreme right on the British line during the successful defence of Savannah.
1780
In June 1780, the KCR led the British advance from Savannah to retake Augusta. With the city captured, the KCR became responsible for patrolling the surrounding area and suppressing patriot activity. In August, the unit partook in the defeat at the Battle of Hanging Rock.
Following the repelling of an attack on Augusta in September, the KCR fortified their position with the construction of Fort Cornwallis adjacent to Saint Paul's Church.
1781
In April a patriot militia force led by Micajah Williamson set up camp in close proximity to Augusta. Lt. Col. Brown, commanding a force of approximately 300 militiamen and 200 African Americans, refused to engage due to exaggerated reports of the patriot's strength. In May, Williamson was joined by Elijah Clarke and Henry 'Light Horse Harry' Lee, bringing with them additional troops. General Andrew Pickens and 400 American troops managed to cut off relief forces sent to alleviate Fort Cornwallis at Ninety Six, allowing for the Siege of Augusta to begin.
On May 23 nearby Fort Grierson fell, leaving the KCR and Lt. Col. Thomas Brown isolated, albeit well defended, in Fort Cornwallis. The besieging army only had one cannon and proved ineffective against the forts walls. To counter this, the patriots constructed 30 feet (9.1 m) high wooden tower in order to allow their singular cannon to fire down into the fort. The KCR made several sorties to prevent its construction however were repelled each time.
On June 1 the tower was high enough to prove effective, knocking the KCR's guns off of their mounts and destroying the barracks. On June 4 the patriots assault Fort Cornwallis and demanded surrender. Lt. Co. Brown refused due to it being the King's birthday.
On June 5 Lt. Col. Brown negotiated a surrender and was taken prisoner alongside the rest of the KCR. Brown was then paroled, alongside most of his troops, by Nathanael Green and escorted to Savannah on the agreement they would not re-enter the war.
1782
Following defeat at Augusta, the KCR was again put on to active duty, partaking in a number of small skirmishes throughout Georgia. With the evacuation of Savannah in July, the KCR embarked for Charleston, where they remained until October. Then, with the Royal North Carolina Regiment and the South Carolina Royalists, they embarked for St. Augustine to garrison East Florida.
1783
The KCR spent most of the year garrisoned in St. Augustine. The unit was then ‘decommissioned' in late 1783 following the signing of the Treaty of Paris and the cessation of hostilities. Individuals serving in the KCR were unable to remain in Florida owing to the agreed transfer of the state to Spain by Britain. As a result, those who served sought to resettle elsewhere in the British Empire. A popular destination was Nova Scotia in British Canada where the unit had received a land grant outside of Country Harbour.
Further reading
Piecuch, Jim, Three Peoples, One King: Loyalists, Indians, and Slaves in the American Revolutionary South, 1775-1782, Columbia, SC: University of South Carolina Press, 2008
Davis Jr, Robert. S. "A Georgia Loyalist's Perspective on the American Revolution: The Letters of Dr. Thomas Taylor" In The Georgia Historical Quarterly, 81, (Spring 1997): pp. 118–138
Olson, Gary D. “Thomas Brown, Partisan, and the Revolutionary War in Georgia, 1777-1782.” In The Georgia Historical Quarterly 44, (Spring 1970): pp. 1–19; (Summer 1970): pp. 183–208.
References
Loyalist military units in the American Revolution
Military units and formations established in 1779
Military units and formations disestablished in 1783
British American Army Rangers
British Army Rangers
Antony Szeto (司徒永華), (born 9 December 1964) is a film director and martial artist.
Early life and education
Szeto was born in Sydney, Australia. He studied martial arts at Beijing Sport University. Upon graduation, he returned to Australia and double-majored in film and finance at Bond University, going to the United Kingdom for his master's degree. His family started in ship repairing, which later developed into high-speed ship construction. It was founded by his father, Szeto Fai, a merchant politician and People's Congress of China member.
Career
Szeto directed Hong Kong's first CGI animated feature film, DragonBlade (2005). Voiced by Daniel Wu, Karen Mok, Stephen Fung and Sandra Ng, DragonBlade earned a Golden Horse Awards nomination and won an award from the Australian Directors Guild. Szeto also directed a family action film produced by Jackie Chan, Jackie Chan Presents: Wushu (2008) starring Sammo Hung and Max Zhang. In 2011 Szeto was hired by the Hollywood producer Roger Corman to direct two films, Palace of the Damned (2013) and Fist of the Dragon (2014). Szeto was also stunt coordinator for The Meg.
Personal life
On 1 October 2019, Szeto married actress JuJu Chan Szeto in Los Angeles.
Filmography
References
External links
Antony Szeto on Instagram
Antony Szeto on Facebook
1964 births
Living people
People from Sydney
American film directors
Hong Kong directors
Bond University alumni
The 2nd Sarasaviya Awards festival (Sinhala: 2වැනි සරසවිය සම්මාන උලෙළ), presented by the Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Limited, was held to honor the best films of 1964 in Sinhala cinema on July 1, 1965, at the Asoka Cinema, Colombo, Sri Lanka. Governor William Gopallawa was the chief guest at the awards night.
It is noteworthy that this year's awards will be replaced by special merit awards and no awards will be given in the categories of screenwriting, editing, music direction and art direction. The film Getawarayo won the most awards with eight including Best Film.
Awards
References
Sarasaviya Awards
1965 film awards
Sarasaviya
Sarasaviya
Ulla-Maija "Uma" Aaltonen (28 August 1940, Vihti – 13 July 2009, Helsinki) was a Finnish author, journalist, and Green League politician.
Early life and education
Aaltonen was raised on a farm and learned to love animals at a very young age. She studied journalism, sociology and psychology at the University of Tampere.
As a journalist, she was particularly interested in issues of cruelty towards children and animals. She later owned her own farm. Aaltonen spent many years advocating for a statue in Seinajoki celebrating war horses. The monument was unveiled in 1996.
Aaltonen was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis in 1993.
Career
Aaltonen worked as a journalist at YLE and contributed to Anna magazine. She wrote a number of books for young people about sex education and animal cruelty.
In 1994 she served as manager for Elisabeth Rehn's presidential campaign.
Aaltonen served in the European Parliament between 2003 and 2004 representing the Greens-EFA party, after fellow Green Party politician Heidi Hautala returned to the Finnish Parliament. During her term, Aaltonen was an outspoken advocate for European patients with MS. In December 2003 she addressed the European Parliament about concerns regarding discrimination against people with MS in the European Union.
In the fall of 2008 of Aaltonen was elected to Vihti Municipal Council.
Death
Aaltonen complained of pain in early July 2009 and was admitted to Töölö Hospital in Helsinki. She died suddenly on July 13, 2009 and is buried at the Hietaniemi Cemetery in Helsinki.
External links
Uma Aaltonen's profile on the European Parliament's public information website
References
1940 births
2009 deaths
21st-century Finnish journalists
People from Vihti
Green League MEPs
MEPs for Finland 1999–2004
20th-century women MEPs for Finland
21st-century women MEPs for Finland
Finnish women journalists
University of Tampere alumni
20th-century Finnish journalists
Chalermsakdi Inswang (born 7 November 1926) is a Thai former sports shooter. He competed in the 50 metre pistol event at the 1960 Summer Olympics and 1962 Asian Games.
References
External links
1926 births
Possibly living people
Chalermsakdi Inswang
Chalermsakdi Inswang
Shooters at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Chalermsakdi Inswang
Shooters at the 1962 Asian Games
Chalermsakdi Inswang
The Samaya is a daily newspaper which was first published in 1996 in Bhubaneswar. Its editor was S. Hota and its publisher Ranjib Biswal.
References
Odia-language newspapers
Daily newspapers published in India
1996 establishments in Orissa
Publications established in 1996
Mass media in Bhubaneswar
William Greene Binney (October 22, 1833 – August 3, 1909) was an American attorney known for his avocation as a malacologist, working mostly during the second half of the nineteenth century. He was responsible for volumes 4 and 5 of The Terrestrial Air-Breathing Mollusks of the United States, a task he took over from his father, Amos Binney, and collaborator, Augustus Addison Gould. The ninety engraved plates which were part of volume 5, illustrating most of the then known land mollusk fauna, are particularly noteworthy.
Binney's obituary in the New York Times included the following information:
Taxa
Taxa named in honor of Binney include:
Nesovitrea binneyana (E. S. Morse, 1864)
Bibliography
The terrestrial air-breathing mollusks of the United States, and the adjacent territories of North America''
Binney W. G. (1859) Volume 4
Binney W. G. (July 1878) Volume 5. Plates.
References
External links
Chronology of Science in the United States, including reference to some of Binney's work
1833 births
1909 deaths
Writers from Boston
19th-century American zoologists
American malacologists
Harvard University alumni
College Street Coffee House or Indian Coffee House is a cafe located opposite the Presidency University in College Street, the most famous of Indian Coffee House branches in Kolkata. It has been for a long time a regular hang out and a renowned meeting place (adda) for intellectuals and students (and ex-students) of the Presidency College, University of Calcutta, and other institutions in College Street. It has played an important part in Calcutta's (Kolkata) cultural history and known as the hub of intellectual debates.
History
The history of the Coffee House at College Street can be traced to Albert Hall, which was founded in April 1876. Later, the Coffee Board decided to start a coffee joint from the Albert Hall in 1942. Notable citizens were frequent visitors to the place. In 1947, the Central Government changed the name of the place to "Coffee House". The place became a meeting place for the poets, artistes, literati and people from the world of art and culture. In 1958, the management decided to shut down the Coffee House, but it was re-opened the same year, after professors of Presidency College and Calcutta University rushed off a special petition to the government, to save the heritage place. In 2006, a huge financial crunch kept the co-operative society from undertaking renovation of the coffee house. Though a few companies such as Asian Paints approached the society with offers to renovate the restaurant, the offers were refused due to clash of norms and conditions.
During the 2020 Covid-19 pandemic, the house was closed for 103 days and resumed its normal operation on 2nd of July 2020.
Famous patrons
The prestige of the Coffee House increased with regular visitors such as Satyajit Ray, Amartya Sen, Mrinal Sen and Aparna Sen. The Coffee House is of historical significance for being the rendezvous of innumerable versatile people, from its inception to date. Scholars, editors, artists and writers like Ritwik Ghatak, Narayan Gangopadhyay, Sunil Gangopadhyay, Sanjeev Chattopadhyay, Samaresh Majumdar, Subhas Mukhopadhyay, Shakti Chattopadhyay, Craig Jamieson, Sukhamoy Chakraborty, Tapan Raychaudhuri, Barun De and Sumit Sarkar Shaiq Ahmed, Asif Shamim, Kavya Srivastava, Ayaan Tauquir. have been just a few among the patrons of the restaurant. In the early sixties of 20th century the coffee house became the intellectual battleground of the famous Hungry generation literary and cultural movement; the iconic poets Malay Roy Choudhury, Samir Roychoudhury brother duo who pioneered the movement were arrested and prosecuted. Several literary magazines owe their origin to the inspiration from the adda sessions at this coffee house. Though popularly known as College Street Coffee house, this branch is actually on Bankim Chatterjee Street. The coffee house is famous for its adda sessions, and as the breeding place of several political and cultural personalities and movements. Many people come here just for the sake of adda and just being a part of the long talking sessions. Several talented and illustrious persons from different streams have been thronging this renowned adda for a long time.
In popular culture
The Coffee House has been memorialized in a famous song sung by Manna Dey titled Coffee House'er shei adda'ta aaj aar nei (That Coffee House adda is long gone now). Also modern singer Nachiketa Chakraborty's popular song 'Cofee House' 'Aj bochor dosh por dirghoswas kore bhor' is also made on the memories of golden past moments in college street cofee house .(It has preserved the heritage of the famous Coffee House through the ages. Films like Detective Byomkesh Bakshy have been shot here.
References
Culture of Kolkata
Coffeehouses and cafés in India
Smithville, New Jersey may refer to:
Smithville, Atlantic County, New Jersey
Smithville, Burlington County, New Jersey
Irish potato candy is a traditional Philadelphian candy. Despite its name, it is not from Ireland, and does not usually contain any potato. The candies have a coconut cream inside (generally made from some blend of coconut, confectioner's sugar, vanilla, and cream or cream cheese) and are rolled in cinnamon on the outside, resulting in an appearance reminiscent of small potatoes. The treats are about the size of a large marble and are especially popular around St. Patrick's Day.
Oh Ryan's of Boothwyn, Pennsylvania, claims to be the largest distributor of Irish Potatoes, shipping about 80,000 pounds to major chains and smaller candy stores, mostly in the Philadelphia area. See's Candies, based in South San Francisco, also makes a version composed of a divinity and English walnut interior dusted with cocoa and using pine nuts as potato "eyes." The potatoes are showcased as a seasonal product by Philadelphia-area supermarkets, such as Acme Markets.
While the commercial confection is usually coconut-cream–based, recipes for potato-based Irish Potato candy do exist. In these recipes, the potato is mashed, without any added liquid, and confectioner's sugar is added gradually. The coconut and vanilla are added while the mixture is still somewhat soft, to make blending easier, and additional confectioner's sugar is added until a consistency is reached that will allow rolling into bite-sized balls. The candy is allowed to dry for a couple of hours and then rolled in cinnamon to achieve the appearance of tiny potatoes. Drying the candy before rolling in the cinnamon keeps the cinnamon from becoming dark.
These recipes do not involve any use of heat after the cooking of the potato. When the sugar is added to the mashed potato, the mixture becomes liquid, then becomes gradually firmer as more sugar is added. Powdered cocoa can be substituted for the cinnamon for a slightly darker potato without the cinnamon's "bite." The coconut can be left out, or the candy can be dipped in chocolate. The potato and confectioner's sugar make a base for experimenting with other flavors, such as mint.
See also
Idaho Spud, another potato-related candy
References
External links
Video of Irish Potato Candy production
Irish Potato recipe on Wikibooks
Cuisine of Philadelphia
Irish-American cuisine
Irish-American culture
Irish-American culture in Philadelphia
Candy
Eburia bahamicae is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, that can be found on the Bahamas.
References
bahamicae
Beetles described in 1932
Jean-Luc Verger (born 28 May 1952) is a French male canoeist who won two world championships in C1 at individual senior level at the Wildwater Canoeing World Championships.
References
External links
Jean-Luc Verger at Aifck
1952 births
Living people
French male canoeists
Place of birth missing (living people)
R. Roshan Baig is a former seven-time member of the Karnataka Legislative Assembly and Minister from South Indian state of Karnataka. He has also been vice-chairman of the Al-Ameen Educational Society. A seven-time MLA, from 1984 to 1994 he was the member of the Janata Party for the first two terms as the MLA and from 1994 to 2019 he was the member of the Indian National Congress for 5 of his MLA terms. Baig was suspended from the Indian National Congress in 2019 after he insulted top Congress leaders for the party's poor performance in the 2019 Lok Sabha polls, Roshan Baig had held former Karnataka Chief Minister Siddaramaiah's "arrogance" and Dinesh Gundu Rao's "immaturity" responsible for the "flop show". He was also blamed for praising Prime Minister Narendra Modi's initiatives for inclusive development.
He was elected to the Karnataka Legislative Assembly for a record seven-times from Shivajinagar Assembly Constituency and Shivajinagar was touted as his bastion for over 4 decades.
Early life
Baig was born premature and had health problems as a child. He had poor attendance and failed his 8th standard exam. Ultimately, he passed high school and was admitted to RC College in Bangalore, where he contested his first election, for the post of General Secretary against Nagathihalli Chandrashekhar. After earning a bachelor's degree in commerce, he studied for his L.L.B. at a government law college.
Political career
Abdul Samad Siddiqui got him into politics in Janta party, He won the 1985 state elections for the 8th Assembly with the Janata Party. After the division of that party, he moved to the Indian National Congress party.
As a prominent face in Bangalore Central and Bangalore North, he's touted as the face of Muslim community in Karnataka. He was an MLA from Shivajinagar which is a Muslim majority constituency with a substantial Hindu population.
Baig claims 99% attendance to the assembly.
Posts held
Minister of State for Home (Independent Charge)
Minister for Tourism and Haj
Minister for Medium & Small Scale Industries
Minister for Infrastructure
Minister for Information, Public Relations and Haj
Minister For Urban Development, City Corporations, Urban Land Transport KUWSDB & KUIDFC, Haj Information & Wakf
Member of the 8th, 10th, 11th, 12th, 13th, 14th, 15th and 16th Karnataka Legislative Assembly
Controversies
In 2012 The Hindu published news about forgery case against him, in a property deal. He was later cleared of his charges.
In 2004, Baig had to resign as minister following his brother Rehan's alleged involvement in the multi-crore fake stamp paper scandal.
The complaint against Baig is that in 2006 he bought a 1.1-acre plot in Begur Hobli, on the outskirts of Bangalore, from Keonics for a paltry sum on the pretext that he wanted to start a small-scale industry. He, however entered into a joint development agreement with Prestige Group for the construction of a commercial complex.
Suspension from Indian National Congress
The Congress Party suspended Roshan Baig on 18 June 2019, on account of what it termed "anti-party activities" after he insulted top Congress leaders for the party's poor performance in the 2019 Lok Sabha polls, Roshan Baig had held former Karnataka Chief Minister Siddaramaiah's "arrogance" and Dinesh Gundu Rao's "immaturity" responsible for the "flop show". Dinesh Gundu Rao who was embroiled in a bitter feud with Baig had also drawn the party's attention to Baig's entanglement in the events surrounding I Monetary Advisory.
Honors
Recently he has been honored with the life membership of the International Film And Television Club of Asian Academy of Film & Television.
References
Karnataka MLAs 2008–2013
Indian Muslims
Living people
Indian National Congress politicians from Karnataka
1953 births
Politicians from Bangalore
Histiopteris incisa, the bat's wing fern, water fern or fern mata, is a common plant found in Australia, New Zealand and other islands in the south Pacific region. Usually found in moist areas, where it may form large colonies. The lowermost lobes of each pinnae have a bat wing like appearance, giving the fern its common name.
Description
Histiopteris incisa is a medium-sized fern, usually producing fronds of approximately 60–200 cm in length. Fronds are widely spaced, distinct, and slightly dimorphic with fertile lobes slightly narrower than the infertile lobes. Fertile lobes have the sori continuous, linear and exindusiate (without an indusium) but protected by reflexed leaf margins. Young fronds have a thick and whitish blue-green succulent stipe. Mature fronds are thin, long with red-brown stipes. Pinnae are pale greyish-green, almost a glaucous colour, they are paired and opposite and set at a wide angle and very lobed. The two lowermost lobes of each pinnae result in a bat's wing like appearance giving the fern its common name. This species has a robust creeping rhizome of 5-10mm width and is covered in brown or reddish scales.
Habitat and Distribution
The bat's wing fern is widely distributed and abundant across most of the southern hemisphere including Tasmania. However, it is less common in exposed highland situations and mostly absent from low rainfall regions.
This fern is a ‘weedy' opportunistic species, freely colonising disturbed sites on the margins of, or within, wet forest, and often forming extensive colonies. It mainly inhabits high rainfall forests with poorly drained soils. Found mainly in shaded areas as shade is necessary for pinnae survival although it can grow in less shaded areas with sufficient water availability. Bat's wing fern is commonly found growing on the margins of wet forests, along more open scrubby creeks and gullies and at the base of cliffs. In rare situations with optimal growing conditions, the fronds can reach lengths of 7m
Uses
The bat's wing fern is found in many Tasmanian nurseries and is popular as both an indoor or outdoor plant, as it requires little sunlight and is very aesthetically pleasing. It is a popular pot plant, easily grown in a pot or open ground and is fast spreading in cool, moist environments.
References
Kramer, K.U., Green, P.S. (eds.) The Families and Genera of Vascular Plants Volume 1, Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg (1990)
Histiopteris incisa - Bat's wing fern
Dennstaedtiaceae
Flora of New Zealand
Flora of Norfolk Island
Flora of Lord Howe Island
Flora of New Caledonia
Flora of the Pacific
Flora of the Auckland Islands
Frederick William Pirie (February 1, 1893 – October 3, 1956) was an industrialist and political figure in New Brunswick.
Born in Red Rapids, New Brunswick, Frederick Pirie represented Victoria County in the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick as a Liberal member from 1930 to 1945. He served as Minister of Lands and Mines in the province's Executive Council from 1935 to 1945.
He went on to represent Victoria-Carleton division in the Senate of Canada from 1945 to 1956. He died in office at the age of 66.
References
1893 births
1956 deaths
Members of the Executive Council of New Brunswick
Canadian senators from New Brunswick
People from Victoria County, New Brunswick
New Brunswick Liberal Association MLAs
Alveolo-palatal fricative is a class of consonants in some oral languages. The consonants are sibilants, a variety of fricative. Their place of articulation is postalveolar. They differ in voicing.
The voiceless alveolo-palatal fricative and voiced alveolo-palatal fricative are written and in the International Phonetic Alphabet.
Features
Features of alveolo-palatal fricatives:
Examples
See also
Alveolo-palatal consonant
Alveolar consonant
Palatal consonant
References
Fricative consonants
Alveolo-palatal consonants
Oral consonants
Central consonants
Prem Shastra () is a 1974 Indian Hindi-language film written and directed by B. R. Ishara. The film stars Dev Anand, Zeenat Aman and Bindu.
Plot
Sagar Sharma (Dev Anand) is a popular author and a favourite among women. During one of his trips to a location to gather inspiration for a plot for his next novel, he autographs one of his previous novels for an admirer called Barkha (Zeenat Aman). Sagar and Barkha fall in love and begin an intimate relationship. Later due to the pressures he faces in his life, Sagar requests Barkha to forget him. Diwan (Asit Sen), who publishes Sagar's novels, informs him that one of his best-sellers was receiving backlashes as it focused on an affair between a father and a daughter, and that it has led many women activists to ask for a ban on the book. Unperturbed, Sagar decides to defy them by moving to court, if necessary.
Sagar returns home and Neelima (Bindu), his wife who is a drunk and spoiled. Both are not in love with each other. Suddenly, Barkha, who is pregnant, visits Nilu. Nilu introduces her to Sagar as her sister. Sagar visits his gynaecologist, who informs him that Barkha is preparing for an abortion. Sagar visits Barkha and requests her not to undergo an abortion. It is revealed that Nilu blackmailed Sagar into marry her. The two then argue, during which Neelima says Barkha is Sagar's elder brother's (Abhi Bhattacharya) daughter. A desperate Sagar visits his elder brother to discover Neelima had lied. The climax develops with flashbacks of Neelima's past when she was Miss India in 1951. She had affairs with three rich people, of which she marries Rajan Arora (Rehman). Desperate to ruin Sagar and Barkha's relationship, Neelima even appoints a hardcore criminal, Lallan (Anwar Hussain), to kill them. A gripping courtroom climax reveals the truth and Sagar is united with Barkha.
Cast
Dev Anand as Sagar Sharma
Zeenat Aman as Barkha Arora (Suman)
Bindu as Neelima Sharma
I. S. Johar as Malhotra
Abhi Bhattacharya as Sagar's elder brother
Asit Sen as Diwan
Anwar Hussain as Lallan
Rehman as Rajan Arora
Anju Mahendru as Barkha Arora
David as Anthony D'Souza
Soundtrack
The music was composed by Laxmikant–Pyarelal while Anand Bakshi wrote the lyrics. On the album, film critic Suresh Kohli of The Hindu wrote that the songs by Kishore Kumar and Asha Bhosle were "mediocre". He found the title background score to be "memorable".
Reception
Kohli wrote that if the film was "scripted and filmed sans the sexual angles would have surely hit the bull's eye at the box office."
References
External links
Prem Shastra at Bollywood Hungama
Prem Shastra Full Film on YouTube
1974 films
1970s Hindi-language films
1970s musical drama films
Indian musical drama films
Films directed by B. R. Ishara
1974 drama films
David Caldwell is a former nose tackle in the National Football League and the Arena Football League.
Biography
Caldwell was born David Anthony Caldwell on February 28, 1965 in Bay City, Texas.
Career
Caldwell played with the Green Bay Packers during the 1987 NFL season. He played at the collegiate level at Texas Christian University. Caldwell re-signed with the Buffalo Destroyers on March 22, 2002.
See also
List of Green Bay Packers players
References
1965 births
People from Bay City, Texas
Green Bay Packers players
San Antonio Force players
Albany Firebirds players
New York CityHawks players
Grand Rapids Rampage players
Houston ThunderBears players
Buffalo Destroyers players
American football defensive tackles
TCU Horned Frogs football players
Living people
Zarema Gaisanova (circa 1969 — enforced disappearance, October 31, 2009) — is a human rights activist, a native Chechen. On October 31, 2009, Zarema Gaisanova was kidnapped in Chechen Capital of Grozny by group of armed men during a special operation headed by president of Chechen Republic, Ramzan Kadyrov. Zarema Gaisanova was a worker for Danish Refugee Council in Chechen Republic, and, according to Zarema Gaisanova's colleagues, she was abducted and probably murdered.
European Court of Human Rights ruling
On May 12, 2016, the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) has issued a ruling to compensate €60,000 for Zarema Gaisanova's mother, Lida Gaisanova. ECHR decided that Russia violated several articles of the European Convention on Human Rights, and state officials are responsible for the abduction and probable death. ECHR found: Article 2 (right to life), Article 3 (prohibition of torture and inhuman or degrading treatment), Article 5 (right to liberty and security) of the European Convention on Human Rights had been violated.
References
1960s births
2010s missing person cases
Chechen human rights activists
Women human rights activists
Missing people
Missing person cases in Russia
Women in the Chechen wars
The 2010–11 B Group was the 56th season of the Bulgarian B Football Group, the second tier of the Bulgarian football league system. The season started on 31 July 2010 and finished in May 2011 with the A Group promotion play-off.
On 3 June the Executive Committee of Bulgarian Football Union decided to reduce the number of teams in both West and East B PFG due to the licensing problems that occurred in the last 5 years. The new format will consist 12 teams in each group playing three times during the season. The draw for the third matches will be conducted after Round 22 based in the Berger tables. The same principles were used in the first level football leagues in Macedonia and Montenegro.
There is also change regarding the A Group promotion play-off. Since this season it will be played in two stages. The first will be the match between the runners-up from the East and West B PFG. The final stage will be played between the 14th finished team from A Group and the winner from the first stage.
Team changes from 2009–10
Movement between A Group and B Group
The champions of the two B Group 2009/10 divisions were promoted to the A Group 2010/11. These were Kaliakra Kavarna (East) and Vidima-Rakovski Sevlievo (West).
Lokomotiv Mezdra, Sportist Svoge and Botev Plovdiv were relegated from A Group 2009/10 after finishing in the bottom three places. Botev and Lokomotiv did not even receive license for the B Group, so they will participate in 2010-11 V AFG
Movement between B Group and third-level leagues
Rodopa Smolyan and Belite Orli Pleven declared bankruptcy during the winter break and so relegated from respectively East B PFG and West B PFG. Bdin Vidin finished in 15th place in West B PFG and relegated to the Bulgarian North-West V AFG.
The relegated teams were replaced by teams from the third-level leagues of the Bulgarian league pyramid and allocated to one of the two divisions. Dorostol Silistra as winners of a North-East V AFG and Ravda as winners of South-East V AFG joined the Eastern division. Malesh Mikrevo as winners of South-West V AFG and Chavdar Byala Slatina as winners of North-West V AFG were included to the Western division.
On 20 July AKB Minyor Radnevo declared that their financial status would not be secured, so they were removed from East B PFG. It is not clear what the future of AKB Minyor would be. On 27 July the Executive committee of Bulgarian Football Union decided that the new member of East B PFG will be FC Razgrad 2000. At the same time FC Razgrad renamed themselves and from this season they will be PFC Ludogorets Razgrad.
Reducing the size of the divisions
Because of the reducing the size of the divisions, some teams from both East and West B Group lost their license. The teams of Spartak Varna, Volov Shumen, Svilengrad and Botev Plovdiv, which should play in East B PFG this season, did not receive professional license and so were relegated to the next division levels. The same is the case with the following teams from West B PFG - Marek Dupnitsa, Balkan Botevgrad, Rislki Sportist Samokov and Lokomotiv Mezdra.
East B PFG
League table
Top goalscorers
Source: Soccerway
11 goals
Petar Atanasov (Brestnik)
9 goals
Petar Kolev (Ravda)
Todor Kolev (Ludogorets)
Vasil Kaloyanov (Chernomorets Pomorie)
7 goals
Martin Stefanov (Spartak Plovdiv)
Stadia and locations
West B PFG
League table
Top goalscorers
Source: Soccerway
11 goals
Tihomir Kanev (Etar)
Georgi Kalaydzhiev (Bansko)
Simeon Raykov (Botev Vratsa)
9 goals
Borislav Hazurov (Bansko)
Aleksandar Ruskov (Vihren)
Mario Bliznakov (Pirin Gotse Delchev)
Ivaylo Danchev (Botev Vratsa)
Stadia and locations
Promotion play-off
References
Second Professional Football League (Bulgaria) seasons
2010–11 in Bulgarian football
Bulgaria
"Moonshadow Road" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist T. Graham Brown. It was released in September 1990 as the second single from the album Bumper to Bumper. The song reached #18 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart. Brown wrote the song with Verlon Thompson and Gary Nicholson.
Chart performance
References
1990 singles
T. Graham Brown songs
Songs written by Gary Nicholson
Songs written by Verlon Thompson
Song recordings produced by Barry Beckett
Capitol Records Nashville singles
1990 songs
Songs written by T. Graham Brown
Nathnagar railway station is a railway station on Sahibganj loop line under the Malda railway division of Eastern Railway zone. It is situated at Champapur, Noorpur, Nathnagar in Bhagalpur district in the Indian state of Bihar.
References
Railway stations in Bhagalpur district
Malda railway division
Samuel Schafler (February 20, 1929 – April 3, 1991) was a New York-born rabbi, historian, editor and Jewish educator. He was Superintendent of the Board of Jewish Education of Metropolitan Chicago and President of Hebrew College in Brookline, Massachusetts.
Biography
Samuel (Shmuel) Schafler was born in the Bronx, New York in 1929. His father, Benjamin Schafler, and mother, Ethel (née Schnapp) owned a grocery store. Schafler studied at the Yeshiva of Flatbush, the Talmudical Academy and the Teachers Institute of Yeshiva University. Schafler grew up in Brooklyn, New York. He had one sister, Pearl. In 1951, he married Sara (née Edell) of Toronto, then a student at the Teachers Institute of the Jewish Theological Seminary of America in New York, where Schafler was studying for the rabbinate. They had six children.
In 1950, Schafler graduated with honors from the City College of New York, where he was awarded the Cromwell Medal and the Nelson P. Mead Prize in History. Schafler was ordained as a Conservative rabbi in 1952. He pursued graduate work in Jewish history and education at Columbia University.
Rabbinic career
In 1952–1955, Schafler was rabbi of Knesseth Israel Synagogue in Gloversville, New York. From 1955 to 1961, he was editor of two magazines, The Synagogue School and Dorenu: Our Age, and the associate editor of The Pedagogic Reporter. He also served as associate director of the United Synagogue Commission on Jewish Education and director of its Educational Placement Service.
In 1961–1976, he was rabbi of Temple Gates of Prayer in Flushing, New York. During that time, he was active in the Flushing community and served as a Fellow in Community Planning for the Board of Jewish Education of New York. He was the educational director of Camp Ramah in the Berkshires in 1964–1966, Camp Ramah in Glen Spey, New York in 1967, and the Ramah Community Program in Israel from 1968 to 1976.
Jewish education
As Superintendent of the Chicago Board of Jewish Education from 1976 to 1987, he preached the need for Ahavat Yisrael, love of Jews for one another. He defined Ahavat Yisrael as "learning to love and respect Jews as they are, and not as you would like them to be." The historic sin of the American Jewish education profession, he charged, was its indifference to its own history. One of the failures of American Jewish education was its ignorance of the achievements of its pioneers and inability to chronicle its own successes.
Schafler was a believer in the study of texts and felt that cultural dissonance was a necessary factor in Jewish education, allowing for the expression of varying passions and commitments within Judaism.
Academic positions
In 1969, Schafler was a visiting professor at the Melton Center of Jewish Education at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. In 1973, he was awarded a doctorate in Jewish history from the Jewish Theological Seminary for his dissertation on "The Hasmoneans in Jewish Historiography."
In 1974–1976, while serving as a rabbi in Flushing, Schafler was an assistant professor of Jewish History at Queens College, City University of New York. In 1982, the Jewish Theological Seminary awarded him a Doctor of Divinity, honoris causa.
In 1987, Schafler was elected president of Hebrew College in Boston. He was the first pulpit rabbi to become president of a New England college. He served in that position until his death from cancer in 1991.
Publications
"Teaching Conservative Judaism and the Jewish Family" Conservative Judaism, Fall 1979
"Observations on the History of Jewish Education in the United States" Jewish Education, New York, Fall 1981
"Modern Zionism - An Historic Perspective" Judaism: A Quarterly of Jewish Life and Thought, Winter 1981
"The Jewish Family: Perception and Realities - Can They Be Changed?" Journal of Jewish Communal Service, New York, 1983
"Enemies or Jew Hater? Reflections on the History of Anti-semitism," Judaism, New York, Summer 1988
"God and the Jewish School," Jewish Education, New York, Spring 1989
"Lovers of Zion in Japan," Congress Monthly, February 1990
"Books Received," Jewish Education, New York, Spring-Summer 1991
"Eichmann in My Hands," book review, Hadassah Magazine, October 1990
Guide for a Synagogue Religious Committee The United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism
References
1929 births
1991 deaths
American Conservative rabbis
Jewish education in the United States
Jewish Theological Seminary of America semikhah recipients
Yeshiva University alumni
Yeshiva of Flatbush alumni
20th-century American historians
American male non-fiction writers
Historians from New York (state)
People from the Bronx
20th-century American rabbis
20th-century American male writers
Denis Rey (born 9 February 1966 in La Tronche, Isère, France) is a retired French alpine skier who competed in the 1992 Winter Olympics.
External links
sports-reference.com
1966 births
Living people
French male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of France
Alpine skiers at the 1992 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from La Tronche
20th-century French people
Marco Niemerski, known professionally as Tensnake (born 1975), is a German DJ and producer from Hamburg best known for his 2010 track "Coma Cat", which appeared on at least 15 compilations that year.
"Coma Cat" reached number 85 on the UK Singles Chart, number 11 on the UK Indie Chart and number 17 on the UK Dance Chart.
Musical career
Tensnake emerged in the mid-2000s with a disco-influenced style and rose to critical acclaim by the end of the decade. He is most widely known for his popular 2010 song "Coma Cat".
Born in Hamburg in 1975, Marco grew up listening to disco, soul, boogie, funk and 80s pop. As he grew older he went through a brief Mod phase before finding and embracing more dancefloor-inspired influences from Larry Levan to Junior Boys Own, Romanthony to Masters of Work. After starting the Mirau label with friends in 2005, Marco's first record was "Around The House". He made his commercial recording debut on the Mirau label with his Restless EP in 2006, which he followed up with I Say Mista in 2007. In addition, he released EPs on the labels Players Paradise (Dust, 2007), Radius Records (Fried Egg, 2007), and Endless Flight (Keep Believin', 2008).
Tensnake's first taste of critical acclaim came with the release of "In the End (I Want You to Cry)" EP on the label Running Back in 2009. The EP was voted number one on djhistory.com's end-of-the-year list, and was the main driver behind Tensnake's breakthrough success. The release of "Coma Cat" in 2010 was the defining moment of his career to date. The track entered four charts published by the Official Charts Company, including number 85 on the UK Singles Chart. His debut album, Glow, was released in 2014. Talking about the album's lead single "58BPM" featuring Fiora, Tensnake commented “I wanted to make a statement with the first single and surprise people.” Glow features collaborations with Fiora, Stuart Price, Jamie Liddell, MNEK, Jeremy Glenn, Gabriel Stebbing (Nightworks) as well as Nile Rodgers.
In 2013 Tensnake launched his own label called True Romance. The label has put out releases from artists such as Alan Dixon, T.U.R.F, Sunrise Highway, Dagfest, Phil Gerus, Tiger & Woods, Gerd Janson, Tuff City Kids, ILO and MAXI MERAKI. Tensnake has put out several of his own releases on the label as well, including "Hello?", "Machines," "Freundchen," and "Desire."
In recent years, Tensnake has made notable festival performances at Coachella (2016), Glastonbury (2016), Panorama Festival (2016), CRSSD Festival (2017), Splash House (2017), EDC Japan (2018), and Tomorrowland (2019).
After a two-year hiatus, Tensnake returned in November 2019 with "Rules" featuring Chenai, the first release from True Romance and its new partnership with Armada's Electronic Elements imprint. In January 2020, he followed with the release of "Automatic" featuring Fiora, which was announced as the first official single from his sophomore album L.A. On March 27th 2020, Tensnake released the "Automatic" remixes EP, featuring mixes from Gerd Janson, Kraak & Smaak, and a club mix of his own. On May 8th 2020, he released the second single from L.A., "Somebody Else" featuring Boy Matthews. On July 10th 2020, he released a new single, "Strange Without You", featuring Sony/ATV vocalist and songwriter Daramola. On August 14th 2020, he released another single, "Make You Mine".
Tensnake's second studio album, L.A., was released on October 16th 2020. The album "tells the story of Niemerski's time spent living in the city of angels, ranging from euphoric days enjoying the city's party scene to bittersweet emotions from ending a six-year relationship." Tensnake eventually left Los Angeles and returned to Hamburg, Germany.
Discography
Albums
Glow (2014)
L.A. (2020)
Compilations
Tensnake - In the House (2010)
EPs and singles
"Toshi's Battle" 2006
"Around The House" 2006
"Look To The Sky" 2007
"I Say Mista" 2007
"Dust" 2007
"White Dog" 2007
"Show Me" 2007
"Seconds of Gwernd" 2007
"Hanselstadt" 2007
"Can You Feel It" 2009
"The Then Unknown" 2009
"Holding Back (My Love)" 2009
"In The End (I Want to Cry)" 2009
"Get It Right" 2010
"Need Your Lovin" 2010
"Coma Cat" 2010 (UK #85)
"You Know I Know It" 2011
"Something About You" 2011
"Congolal" 2011
"Around The House" 2012
"Mainline" 2013
"58 BPM / See Right Through" 2013
"Bliss" 2013
"Keep On Talking" 2015
"Desire" 2016
"Freundchen" 2016
"Cielo" 2017
"Machines" 2017
"Hello?" 2017
"Rules" featuring Chenai 2019
"Automatic" featuring Fiora 2020
"Somebody Else" featuring Boy Matthews 2020
"Strange Without You" featuring Daramola 2020
"Make You Mine" 2020
"Antibodies" featuring Cara Melin 2020
Remixes
Junior Boys – ‘FM' (Tensnake Remix) (Domino) 2007
Camaro's Gang – ‘Fuerza Major' (Tensnake Remix) (Radius Records) 2007
Paulo Olarte – ‘Oscuro Claro' (Tensnake Remix) (Fresh Fish) 2007
The Embassy – ‘Lurking' (Lurking With A Tensnake Remix) (Permanent Vacation) (2008)
Sally Shapiro – ‘I'll Be By Your Side' (Tensnake Remix) (Permanent Vacation) 2008
Alexander Robotnick - 'Disco Sick' (Tensnake Remix) (Endless Flight) 2008
Ajello – ‘Moody Bang' (Tensnake Remix) (Rebirth) 2009
Toby Tobias – ‘In Your Eyes' (Tensnake Remix) (Rekids) 2009
The Faint - Battle Hymn For Children (Tensnake Remix) (Boys Noize Records) 2009
The Swiss – ‘Manthem' (Tensnake Remix) (Modular Recordings) 2009
Polargeist – ‘Home From The Can' (Tensnake Remix) (Bang Gang) 2009
Mano Le Tough – ‘Eurodancer' (Dances For Euros) (Tensnake Remix) (Mirau) 2010
Aloe Blacc – ‘I Need A Dollar' (Tensnake Remix) (Vertigo, Universal Music Group, Stones Throw Records) 2010
Azari & III - 'Reckless With Your Love' (Tensnake Remix) (Permanent Vacation) 2010
Scissor Sisters – ‘Any Which Way' (Tensnake Remix) (Polydor) 2010
Goldfrapp – ‘Alive' (Tensnake Remix) (Mute) 2010
Little Dragon - Ritual Union (Tensnake Remix) 2011
Friendly Fires - Hurting (Tensnake Remix) 2011
Lana Del Rey - 'National Anthem' (Tensnake Remix) 2012
Lauer - Trainmann (Tensnake Remixes) 2012
Little Boots - Every Night I Say A Prayer (Tensnake Remix) 2012
Mark Knight - Nothing Matters (Tensnake Remix) 2012
Pet Shop Boys - Thursday (Tensnake Remix) (X2) 2013
London Grammar - Hey Now (Tensnake Remix) 2014
Duke Dumont - I Got U (Tensnake Remix) 2014
Psychemagik - Black Noir Schwarz (Tensnake Remix) 2014
JR JR - Gone (Tensnake Remix) 2015
Boys Noize - Starchild ft. POLICA (Tensnake Remix) 2017
Tuff City Kids - Tell Me (Tensnake Remix) 2017
Falco - Hoch wie nie (Tensnake's Sutje Remix) 2017
Xinobi - Far Away Place (Tensnake Remix) 2018
Charlotte Gainsbourg - Sylvia Says (Tensnake Remix and Tensnake Extended Remix) 2018
Cut Copy - Standing In The Middle Of The Field (Tensnake Remix) 2018
Claptone - Stronger ft. Ben Duffy (Tensnake Remix) 2018
Monkey Safari - Odyssey (Tensnake Remix) 2018
Milo Greene - Move (Tensnake Remix) 2018
Rhye - Count To Five (Tensnake Remix) 2018
Lorenz Rhode - And I Said (Tensnake Remix) 2018
Mousse T. - Melodie (Tensnake Remix) 2018
John Roberts - Looking (Tensnake Remix) - 2019
Budakid - No Strings Attached (Tensnake Remix) - 2019
Running Touch - Make Your Move (Tensnake Remix) - 2019
Foals - Sunday (Tensnake Remix) - 2019
Kasper Bjorke - Seabird (Tensnake Remix) - 2020
Boston Bun & Dombresky - Stronger (Tensnake Remix) - 2020
Duke Dumont - Nightcrawler (Tensnake Remix) - 2020
Oliver Heldens ft. Boy Matthews - Details (Tensnake Remix) - 2020
Dua Lipa - Hallucinate (Tensnake Remix) - 2020
Kraak & Smaak ft. The Palms - Same Blood (Tensnake Remix) - 2020
Dermot Kennedy - Giants (Tensnake Remix) - 2020
In Deep We Trust - Ba:sen (Tensnake Remix) - 2021
R Plus - Love Will Tear Us Apart (Tensnake Remix) - 2021
Mila Smith - Liars & Fakes (Tensnake Remix) - 2021
DRAMA - Don't Hold Back (Tensnake Remix) - 2021
Anti Up - Sensational (Tensnake Remix) - 2021
Appearances
Radio 1 Essential Mix (16/02/2013)
References
External links
Living people
Club DJs
House musicians
German house musicians
German techno musicians
German DJs
German dance musicians
DJs from Hamburg
1975 births
Electronic dance music DJs
The 2016–17 Brisbane Roar FC season was the club's twelfth season participating in the A-League, the FFA Cup for the third time, as well as the AFC Champions League for the fourth time.
Players
Squad information
Correct as of 30 September 2016 – players' numbers as per the official Brisbane Roar website
From youth squad
Transfers in
Transfers out
Contract extensions
Technical staff
Statistics
Squad statistics
|-
|colspan="24"|Players no longer at the club:
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Overall
A-League
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
Finals series
FFA Cup
AFC Champions League
Qualifying play-offs
Group stage
References
Notes
External links
Official Website
Brisbane Roar
Brisbane Roar FC seasons
The World Foundation for Medical Research and Prevention is a 501(c)(3) Houston-based grantmaking public charity established to provide leadership in developing resources to sponsor and fund the projects of Professor Luc Montagnier as well as other research aimed at the design of new types of AIDS vaccines, prolonging the active life of aging people and the diagnosis and treatment of microbial and viral factors associated with cancers, neurodegenerative, auto-immune and other multi-factorial disease processes such as Alzheimer's disease and Parkinson's disease. The World Foundation for Medical Research and Prevention supports its work through proceeds from special events, cause-related marketing projects, and voluntary contributions from individuals, corporations, and foundations.
References
External links
Friends Fight AIDS Official website of the World Foundation for Medical Research and Prevention
Medical and health organizations based in Texas
HIV/AIDS research organisations
Health charities in the United States
Mount Thomlinson is a mountain in the Babine Range of the Skeena Mountains in northern British Columbia, Canada, located at the head of Thomlinson Creek, southeast of the junction of Babine River and Skeena River and north of Hazelton. It has a prominence of , created by the Babine-Stuart Pass, thus making it one of Canada's many Ultra peaks. Thomlinson is one of the most isolated mountains of Canada.
References
External links
"Mount Thomlinson, British Columbia" on Peakbagger
Two-thousanders of British Columbia
Skeena Mountains
Cassiar Land District
The 1995 Mississippi State Bulldogs football team represented Mississippi State University during the 1995 NCAA Division I-A football season. The team's head coach was Jackie Sherrill. The Bulldogs played their home games in 1995 at Scott Field in Starkville, Mississippi.
Schedule
References
Mississippi State
Mississippi State Bulldogs football seasons
Mississippi State Bulldogs football
Orhaniye, Kazan is a village in the District of Kazan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kahramankazan District
Neighbourhoods of Kazan
Joseph D'souza is an Indian bishop, missionary, and Christian and Dalit rights activist. As of 2018, he was International President of the Dignity Freedom Network (DFN) (previously known as Dalit Freedom Network), President of the India Christian Council (AICC), and CEO of Operation Mobilisation - India with is not affiliated with Operation Mobilisation, International. On 30 August 2014, he was consecrated as Archbishop of the Good Shepherd Church of India, and associated ministries.
Early life and education
Joseph D'souza was born into an upper caste Christian family, living in what he calls "Christian ghettos" surrounded by low caste and Dalit people.
He holds a B.S. in Chemistry from Karnataka University, a M.A. in Communications from the Asian Theological Seminary in the Philippines, and an honorary Doctor in Divinity degree from the Gospel for Asia Biblical Seminary, an affiliate of Serampore University.
He married Mariam, who came from an Adivasi tribal group, despite the opposition of some of
his family and friends. D'souza's daughter Beryl is the medical and anti-human trafficking director of the Dignity Freedom Network.
Career
One of the factors in D'souza's decision to take up the cause of Christians and Dalits was the start of attacks on Christians in the mid-1990s,
including the burning to death of the missionary Graham Staines and his two young sons in Orissa in 1999.
D'souza joined the Indian branch of George Verwer's evangelist Operation Mobilisation as an international vice president, and was 2012 promoted to CEO of the India branch, which has left the movement of OM in 2014. He no longer has a role within Operation Mobilisation.
He has set up 107 English Medium Education Centers educating nearly 25,000 Dalit children working with Operation Mercy India Foundation.
In 1998, he founded the India Christian Council (AICC). The AICC is one of the largest interdenominational Christian alliances, formed to deal with human rights issues and national concerns common to Christians in India.
In 2002, D'souza co-founded the Dignity Freedom Network (DFN), formerly known as the Dalit Freedom Network, first in the United States and, later, expanded to other countries.
D'souza travels widely in campaigning for the fundamental rights of the poor, the marginalized and outcastes of society in South Asia and other nations of the world.
D'souza has discussed human rights issues with civil society leaders and politicians in India, Switzerland, Germany, the United Kingdom, Canada, Brazil and the United States, and at human rights commission meetings.
Dalit advocacy
Speaking in October 2005 before a US Congressional hearing, D'souza said that "India's tragedy is that society continues the practice of the caste system, with the rule of law not being applied when Dalits are being discriminated against, even though the practice of untouchability stands abolished by the Constitution."
He also noted that "Christian Dalits continue to suffer for their allegiance to the Christian faith. They are discriminated against both within the Church and outside of the Church. Their rights are trampled upon. Their very existence is one of misery and suffering".
Talking of a mass conversion ceremony in October 2006, D'souza was reported by the BBC as saying "I think it's important to understand that this is a cry for human dignity, it's a cry for human worth".
On 4 November 2001 thousand Dalits left Hinduism en masse,
and chose to become Buddhist.
D'souza has given many examples of cases where Dalits have been attacked when they resisted oppression. He has written that "Efforts by Dalits such as Surekha Bhotmange to demand their rights have provoked a brutal backlash from higher caste groups. In fact, incidents such as these, where witnesses, or those that seek judicial remedy, are brutally savaged, have become depressingly common".
Christian advocacy
As chair of the India Christian Council, D'souza has asked Christian leaders to stop publishing incendiary rhetoric, which was being used as fuel for anti-Christian propaganda.
He asked them to refrain from "bombastic slogans, militant language and a general demeaning of Indian culture".
Writing in 2002, D'souza said "If the Christian Church in India does not abolish caste within the Church and closes its doors to the Dalits because of the pressure of the Brahminical dominated RSS and its fundamentalist affiliates, the Dalits will turn to whoever offers them human dignity, equality and the right to spiritual salvation... The time has come for the Indian Church to clean its own house and to openly offer and give the Dalits their God given dignity as the children of God in Jesus Christ. The time has come for the Dalits to appropriate the full spiritual rights available in Jesus Christ. The time has come to turn away from the Brahminical Social Order and to create a new humanity. The Gospel of Jesus has the solution to the caste problem because the Gospel rejects all forms of discrimination and deals with issues of the heart, soul, body and human relationships". D'souza has disputed that Christians are involved in forced, fraudulent and manipulated conversions. He has stated that conversion by force is against the teachings of Jesus.
In January 2002, the AICC issued a statement signed by Joseph D'souza as President and John Dayal as Secretary General, asking the national and state governments to prevent efforts by the Sangh Parivar to stir up communal violence in the Adivasi tribal belt in Northern India. It talked of "vicious Hindutva communal rhetoric .. targeting Christians in the region". It said RSS cadres were running schools that "follow a curricula and textual material, which is outside the pale of any academic and public scrutiny, blatantly rewrites history, and poisons young minds".
Criticism
The Hindu American Foundation criticized D'souza's 2005 congressional testimony stating the hearing was "deliberately biased and misrepresentative of India and Hinduism" with witnesses including D'souza who held "virulent Hinduphobic perspectives that lack any credibility in India or abroad." Specifically, the organisation criticized D'souza for terming the conversion of Hindus to Christianity as "the process of breaking this spiritual darkness."
Bibliography
References
Sources
Indian civil rights activists
Living people
Indian Christians
Dalit activists
Karnatak University alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Joseph Robert Jacobson (born 1940), known as Robert Jacobson, is a former Lutheran bishop who became a Roman Catholic priest upon his conversion from Lutheranism. He was formerly the Bishop of the Alberta Synod of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Canada.
Early life and Lutheran ministry
Jacobson was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, United States, in 1940, the son of a Lutheran minister. He earned his Bachelor of Arts degree from Saint Olaf College and his Bachelor of Divinity degree from the Strasbourg University, France, before graduating from Northwestern Lutheran Theological Seminary in Minneapolis, Minnesota, in 1965.
After serving four Lutheran parishes in Alberta, Canada, and homeschooling in the early 1980s, in 1985 he was elected the first bishop of the Alberta Synod of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Canada. Jacobson served in missions all over Canada, serving in that position for 10 years.
During his term as Lutheran bishop, Jacobson ordained many women as ministers but he said that doesn't mean he endorses it for the Roman Catholic Church.
Conversion to Roman Catholicism and ordination to the priesthood
In 1998, almost five years after he took "early retirement" as Lutheran bishop, Archbishop Joseph MacNeil invited Jacobson to consider becoming a priest. Jacobson and his wife Carolyne, who live on a farm near Bashaw, Alberta, began the Rite of Christian Initiation of Adults at Immaculate Heart of Mary Parish in Bashaw in 1999 and became Roman Catholics at the Easter Vigil of 2000.
Jacobson's conversion is also due to him to have served as co-chairman of the Lutheran–Catholic theological dialogue for Canada for almost eight years together with Adam Exner, the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Vancouver.
Forty years after he was ordained a Lutheran minister, Jacobson converted to Roman Catholicism and was ordained to the priesthood on February 2, 2007, in the Archdiocese of Grouard–McLennan in Canada.
Personal life
Jacobson also pursues interests in botany and animal life as well as in music and poetry. A prolific writer, he has written several books, the latest being All Nature Sings, a book of poems that speaks about creation and new creation through the eyes of the Scriptures.
In addition to English, Jacobson is fluent in German, French and Spanish.
References
External links
http://www.wcr.ab.ca/This-Week/Stories/entryid/5288
http://www.catholicregister.org/features/archives/call-to-service/item/17945-protestantism%E2%80%99s-%E2%80%98fatal-flaw%E2%80%99-draws-lutheran-to-catholic-church
1940 births
21st-century Canadian Roman Catholic priests
Converts to Roman Catholicism from Lutheranism
Living people
Religious leaders from Milwaukee
St. Olaf College alumni
University of Strasbourg alumni
Norton railway station was a station near Norton, a village to the east of Runcorn, Cheshire, England. It was located just north of the 1.25 mile (2 km) Sutton Tunnel and was built as a result of the recommendations of a Board of Trade enquiry into a fatal accident in the tunnel the previous year.
It was opened by the Birkenhead, Lancashire & Cheshire Joint Railway company on 18 December 1850; originally named Norton, it was renamed Norton (Cheshire) in 1926; and it was closed to passenger traffic by the British Transport Commission on 1 September 1952. Most of the station has since been demolished, but the old station house remains in use as a private dwelling and there is a signal box nearby that still bears this name. A new station, known as was opened a few metres south of the original site in October 1983 to serve the southern end of Runcorn new town.
References
Further reading
External links
Norton @ Disused Stations
Disused railway stations in the Borough of Halton
Former Birkenhead Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1850
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1952
Mulana Mufti Fazli Ghafoor (); (born 13 April 1979) is a Pakistani politician hailing from Torwarsak, Daggar, Buner. who was a member of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Assembly from 2013 to 2018. Ghafoor belong to the Jamiat Ulema-e-Islam (F). He also served as chairman and member of the different committees
Early life and education
Mufti Fazli ghafoor hold BA degree and also did MA in political science. He also did his religious education and hold sanad of Mufti course.
Personal life
Fazli Ghafoor belong to a religious Pashtun family in Torwarsak Buner. He is the son of great Islamic scholar of Buner Sheikh-ul-Hadees Hazrat Maulana Abdul Wadud دامت برکاتہم
Other names
Sher e Buner
Mawlawi Sb مولوی صاحب
Amir e Muhtaram
Political career
Mufti Fazli Ghafoor was elected as the member of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Assembly on ticket of Jamiat Ulema-e-Islam (F) from PK-79 (Buner-III) Now PK-20 (Buner-I) in 2013 Pakistani general election.
Notable works
Torwarsak bridge is one of his biggest project for Buner, especially for Torwarsak.
References
External links
Telegram
Twitter
Living people
Pashtun people
Jamiat Ulema-e-Islam (F) politicians
Khyber Pakhtunkhwa MPAs 2013–2018
People from Buner District
1979 births
Jamia Uloom-ul-Islamia alumni
Deobandis
Salford City may refer to:
The City of Salford
Salford City F.C., an association football club from the city
Salford Red Devils, a professional rugby league club from the city formerly known as the Salford City Reds
Salford City Roosters, an amateur rugby league club from the city
Brian Hyland (born November 12, 1943) is an American pop singer and instrumentalist who was particularly successful during the early 1960s. He continued recording into the 1970s. AllMusic journalist Jason Ankeny says "Hyland's puppy-love pop virtually defined the sound and sensibility of bubblegum during the pre-Beatles era." Although his status as a teen idol faded, he went on to release several country-influenced albums and had additional chart hits later in his career.
Biography
Hyland was born in Woodhaven, Queens, New York City. He studied guitar and clarinet as a child, and sang in his church choir. When aged 14 he co-founded the harmony group the Del-Fi's, which recorded a demo but failed to secure a recording contract. Hyland was eventually signed by Kapp Records as a solo artist, issuing his debut single, "Rosemary", in late 1959. The label employed the Brill Building songwriting duo of Lee Pockriss and Paul Vance to work with Hyland on the follow-up, "Four Little Heels (The Clickety Clack Song)", which was a minor hit, and the songwriting duo continued to work with Hyland.
In August 1960, Hyland scored his first and biggest hit single, at the age of 16, "Itsy Bitsy Teenie Weenie Yellow Polka Dot Bikini", written by Vance and Pockriss. It was a novelty song that reached No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart (No. 8 in the UK) and sold almost a million copies in the first two months of its release and over two million copies in total. It got rewarded a RIAA certification as a golden disc.
Hyland moved on to ABC-Paramount Records, where he began working with the songwriting and production team of Gary Geld and Peter Udell, and further hits followed with "Let Me Belong to You" and "I'll Never Stop Wanting You".
In 1961, Hyland appeared as himself on the March 6 episode of the game show To Tell the Truth. He received three votes.
Hyland's other major hit during this period was 1962's "Sealed with a Kiss", which reached No. 3 in 1962 on both the American and UK Singles Chart. It stayed on the US pop chart for eleven weeks and got rewarded as a Recording Industry Association of America golden disc too. Another 1962 hit was "Ginny Come Lately", which reached No. 21 on the U.S. chart and No. 5 in the UK. Hyland's 1962 Top 30 hit "Warmed-Over Kisses (Leftover Love)" incorporated elements of country music into his work, which continued with singles including "I May Not Live to See Tomorrow" and "I'm Afraid to Go Home" and on the 1964 album Country Meets Folk. This approach was out of step with the changes brought about by British Invasion bands. Hyland's commercial success became limited, but he continued that in vein and had further hits with "The Joker Went Wild" and "Run, Run, Look and See", working with producer Snuff Garrett and session musicians including J. J. Cale and Leon Russell.
Hyland appeared on national television programs such as American Bandstand and The Jackie Gleason Show, and toured both internationally and around America with Dick Clark in the Caravan of Stars. The caravan was in Dallas, Texas, on the day of the assassination of President Kennedy in 1963. To commemorate the event, Hyland wrote the song "Mail Order Gun", which he recorded and eventually released on his 1970 eponymous album.
From 1963 through 1969, Hyland scored several minor hits, but none reached higher than No. 20 ("The Joker Went Wild") on the U.S. pop chart. An album released in 1964 featured numbers that hearkened back to the 1950s including such hits as "Pledging My Love" and "Moments to Remember"—at a time when The Beatles and other British Invasion acts were drowning out American artists. Hyland afterward shifted into a phase of recording country music and folk rock styles. Songs such as "I'm Afraid to Go Home" and "Two Brothers" had an American Civil War theme. Hyland played the harmonica on a few numbers.
Hyland attempted several departures from the norm, including the psychedelic single "Get the Message" (No. 91 on the U.S. pop chart), and "Holiday for Clowns" (No. 94), but despite their more contemporary arrangements, they failed to get much airplay. He went on to chart just two more top 40 hits, both cover versions: "Gypsy Woman", a 1961 hit for the Impressions written by Curtis Mayfield, and "Lonely Teardrops", a 1959 hit for Jackie Wilson. Hyland recorded both in 1970, and Del Shannon produced the tracks. "Gypsy Woman" reached No. 3 on the 1970 U.S. pop chart, making it the second-biggest hit of his career, selling over one million copies, and being certified gold by the RIAA in January 1971. Two of his previous hits, "Itsy Bitsy Teenie Weenie Yellow Polkadot Bikini" and "Sealed with a Kiss" were also awarded gold discs.
In 1975, "Sealed With A Kiss" became a hit again in the UK (No. 7) and Hyland performed the song on Top of the Pops on July 31 of the same year. By 1977, he and his family had settled in New Orleans, and in 1979 the In a State of Bayou album, on which he had worked with Allen Toussaint, was issued by the Private Stock label.
In June 1988, Dutch singer Albert West asked Hyland to record with him some duets of Hyland's hits: "Itsy Bitsy Teenie Weenie Yellow Polkadot Bikini", "Sealed With A Kiss", and "Ginny Come Lately". (The latter song had been covered before by Albert West in 1973, becoming a huge European hit and his biggest). Their duet of "Itsy Bitsy ..." was released as a single and reached No. 43 on the Dutch singles chart. Hyland and West performed on TV shows in Germany, Belgium and a Dutch TV special in Aruba.
Today, Hyland continues to tour internationally with his son Bodi, who assists on drums from time to time.
Catalog consolidation
From 1960 to 1977, Hyland recorded a total of eleven albums for several different record companies. A twelfth album, Young Years, was a reissue. They included Leader Records, ABC-Paramount Records, Philips Records, Dot Records and Uni Records. Over the years, these record labels were consolidated and the recordings are now controlled by Universal Music. Universal has yet to release a CD compilation that includes all of Hyland's charted singles, invariably omitting a handful of minor singles that made the Billboard Top 100 (or the Bubbling Under chart).
1967 – Leader Records ("Itsy Bitsy ...") owner Kapp Records sold to MCA, Inc. and becomes co-owned with Uni Records ("Gypsy Woman").
1974 – Dot Records ("Tragedy") sold to ABC Records ("Sealed with a Kiss")
1979 – MCA Records buys ABC Records
1998 – MCA parent Universal Music buys Philips Records ("The Joker Went Wild") owner PolyGram completing the catalog consolidation
Discography
Albums
1960: The Bashful Blond
1961: Let Me Belong to You
1962: Sealed with a Kiss
1963: Country Meets Folk
1964: Here's to Our Love
1965: Rockin' Folk
1966: The Joker Went Wild
1967: Young Years (a reissue of Here's to Our Love)
1969: Tragedy (# 160 Hot 200)
1969: Stay and Love Me All Summer
1970: Brian Hyland (# 171 Hot 200)
1977: In a State of Bayou
1987: Sealed with a Kiss
1994: Greatest Hits
2002: Blue Christmas
2006: Bashful Brond//Let Me Belong to You
2007: Basic Lady
2007: Rockin' Folk/Joker Went Wild
2007: Country Meets Folk/Here's to Our Love
2009: Triple Threat Vol. 1
2010: Triple Threat Vol. 2
2010: Another Blue Christmas (EP)
2011: Triple Threat Vol. 3
2014: Sealed with a Kiss and All the Greatest Hits; 1960–1962
2015: Philips Years & More; 1964-1968
2015: The Very Best of Brian Hyland
Singles
See also
List of artists who reached number one in the United States
List of artists who reached number one on the Australian singles chart
List of acts who appeared on American Bandstand
References
External links
BrianHyland.com: Official site
Last.fm
Youtube- Official Brian Hyland Channel
Yahoo Music, Artist Page- Brian Hyland
Brian Hyland biography from Universal Music
1943 births
Living people
American male pop singers
People from Woodhaven, Queens
Uni Records artists
Dot Records artists
Philips Records artists
Kapp Records artists
ABC Records artists
American male singers
American child singers
Child pop musicians
The Dhamra Port is a port in Bhadrak district, Odisha, India, on the shore of the Bay of Bengal about seven kilometres from the old port of Dhamra. The agreement to develop the port was signed in April 1998. The Dhamra Port Company Limited (DPCL) was formed as a result of a 50:50 joint venture between Larsen & Toubro and TATA Steel to run the port. The Port received its first vessel on 8 February 2010 and the first commercial vessel on 10 April 2011. The Port has an initial capacity of 25 million tonnes annually, eventually growing to 80 million tonnes annually.
Greenpeace has opposed the project, claiming it threatens nearby protected areas and endangered species such as the olive ridley turtle
Objectives
The port was taken over by Adani Port in June 2014. Construction of a $12 billion steel plant by Posco of South Korea, and the new port of Dhamara, promise to bring jobs and development. The port will be used to export iron ore from a nearby mineral belt.
The Odisha government has plans to develop related industries near the new port, including a shipbuilding yard and a petrochemical and gas-based manufacturing hub.
A special investment region has been proposed for Dhamara, and a zoning plan is being prepared to cover housing, health services and other urban infrastructure.
A new airport/Airstrip is approved by government of odisha near Dhamra port of around 500 acres.
National Waterway 5 project of connecting water channels between Pardeep and Dhamra is also in the construction stage by IWAI.
A proposed 4 lane NH is also in DPR stage connecting to Dhamra port from Jamujhadi NH16.
Existing jamujhadi-basudebpur-Dhamra road is under construction and is being done on PPP mode.
A tea processing unit is planned to have a unit in Dhamra port.
Construction
During the year 1997 Government of Odisha invited M/s International Seaports dredging Private Limited (ISDPL) to explore and evaluate the possibilities of expanding the minor port at Dhamra with modern contemporary facilities. After a site visit and preliminary discussions/evaluation, selected Dhamra port for further expansion. Based on a review of studies undertaken by the Government of Odisha and Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Chennai, as well as a preliminary field analysis ISDPL proposed a broad project approach. On this basis ISDPL and Government of Odisha entered into a memorandum of understanding on 31.03.97 for the expansion and development of the existing port of Dharma on Built Own Operate Share and Transfer (BOOST) basis. ISDPL signed the concession agreement with the Government of Odisha on 02.04.98. Thereby heralding a new era in the infrastructure development in the port sector of the country with private participation.
The proposed Dhamra port is a minor port in the northern part of the state of Orissa situated about 62 km east of Bhadrak station on the Howrah-Chennai East coast mainline.
Dhamra port is to be developed as a most modern all-weather, deep-water port, capable of handling all modern shipping efficiently and cost effectively on world standard norms. Development of a suitable road and rail system linking the port with the national network is also considered a vital and integral part of the project. ISDPL proposed that the railway line between Dhamra port and Bhadrak would be built on private siding terms, which is subsequently granted by Railway board.
In the meantime, ISDPL had withdrawn its participation from this project due to difficulties in the acquisition of land required for the proposed rail links between Bhadrak and Renital stations and in the change in the composition of the companies investing in the project. This resulted in suspension of activities.
In the year 2005, a joint venture company formed in the name of Dhamra Port company limited with 50-50 partnership of Larsen & Toubro Limited and Tata steels limited.
The planned port would have 13 berths with the capacity to handle 83 million tonnes annually. In the first phase, two 350 meter berths have been built to handle import of coking coal, steam coal, thermal coal and limestone, and export of iron ore and steel, with fully mechanized cargo handling. An 18 km navigational channel lets ships with an 18-meter draught use the port. Capacity in the first phase is 15.25 million tonnes of imported coal and limestone and 9.75 million tonnes of exported ore and steel.
A 62 km single-track railway line links the port to Bhadrak/ Ranital, was opened on 8 May 2011. It is the first line of the Indian Government's Railways Infrastructure for Industry Initiative, a revenue sharing model. It is an arrangement between Indian Railways and Dhamara Port.
In September 2010, the port received its first cargo vessel, an Australian ship bringing 45,000 tonnes of coking coal to supply Tata Steel's Jamshedpur plant.
In March 2014, the port received the biggest cargo vessel among the ports in India named Macau Mineral carrying 1,94,073 tonnes of coal from the Port of Richards Bay, South Africa. The Dhamra Port became first among the ports in India to berth a parcel size vessel of 2,07,785 DWT (dead weight tonnage).
Environmental concerns
The coast of Odisha is periodically battered by cyclones, which cause tidal surges that may cause devastating floods. In the past, the coast was protected by a 5 km belt of mangroves, but the belt has shrunk due to developments such as dams on the rivers that supply fresh water to the trees.
An unusually violent cyclone in 1999 created tidal surges 7 meters high that swept inland, killing 10,000 people and causing property damage that affected several million inhabitants of the coastal strip.
There is a concern that the deepwater port will further damage the mangroves, including those at the nearby Bhitarkanika Mangroves conservation area.
In May 2010 a non-partisan group of 20 politicians began lobbying to halt construction, which they claimed was in violation of the Forest Conservation Act of 1980.
The planned port is located just north of the Gahirmatha Marine Sanctuary, where from 200,000 to 500,000 female olive ridley turtles nest every year. Although the port site is not a nesting area, environmentalists are concerned that dredging and industrial pollution will disrupt the environment and the natural food chain.
In July 2007, Greenpeace activists staged a rally in front of Bombay House, headquarters of the TATA Group, demanding a halt to construction of the port which they claimed would harm the turtles.
The DPCL has rejected concerns about the impact.
They state that all environmental clearances were obtained correctly, that the main breeding grounds for the turtles are well to the south, and that the shipping lanes will not cut across turtle migration routes.
TATA & Sons filed a suit against Greenpeace in the Delhi High Court, claiming a "Turtle vs TATA" game on their website constituted defamation and trademark infringement.
The Cyclone Yaas made a landfall in Balasore, Odisha near the port, which resulted in severe destruction.
References
External links
Ports and harbours of Odisha
Bhadrak district
2010 establishments in Orissa
Transport infrastructure completed in 2010
"Feeling Good" is a 1964 song written by Anthony Newley and Leslie Bricusse for the musical The Roar of the Greasepaint—the Smell of the Crowd, recorded by many artists.
Feeling Good or Feelin' Good may also refer to:
Music
Albums
Feelin' Good (David Ruffin album), 1969
Feelin' Good (Gerry Mulligan album), 1965
Feelin' Good (Lena Horne album), 1965
Feelin' Good (Nightmares on Wax album), 2013
Feelin' Good (Sarah Vaughan album), 1972
Feelin' Good (The Three Sounds album), 1960
Feeling Good (Art Blakey album), 1986
Feeling Good (Julie London album), 1965
Feeling Good (Roy Ayers album), 1982
Songs
"Feelin' Good" (Faithless song), 2010
"Hyper Music"/"Feeling Good", by Muse, including a cover of the Newley/Bricusse song, 2001
"Feelin' Good", by Raven, 1969
"Feeling Good", by Infinity, 1998
"Feeling Good", by Sofi Tukker from Birds of Prey: The Album, 2020
Other uses
Feeling Good: The New Mood Therapy, a 1980 book by David D. Burns
Feeling Good (En pleine forme), a 2010 short film directed by Pierre Étaix
Feeling Good, a 1974–1975 TV series hosted by Dick Cavett
"Feeling Good", an episode of Zoboomafoo
See also
Feel Good (disambiguation)
Feels So Good (disambiguation)
This is a list of programmes that have been shown on MTV Australia.
0-9
8th and Ocean
A
The Adventures of Chico and Guapo
After Hours
America's Best Dance Crew
America's Smartest Model
The Andy Dick Show
The Andy Milonakis Show
The Assistant
B
Bad Girls Club
Barrio 19
Battle for Ozzfest
Beavis and Butthead
Becoming
The Big 12
Billabong Pro Jeffreys Bay
The Blame Game
Blowin' Up
Boiling Points
Bromance
Burned
C
Call To Greatness
Camp Jim
Celebrity Deathmatch
Charm School
The City
D
Daddy's Girls
Dancelife
Daria
Date My Mom
Degrassi: The Next Generation
Dirty Sanchez
Dismissed
Dogg After Dark
Doggy Fizzle Televizzle
A Double Shot at Love
Dr. Steve-O
E
Engaged and Underage
Exiled
F
Fast Inc.
Final Fu
Fist of Zen
Fraternity Life
From G's to Gents
G
Go and Get Rock'd!
Gotti's Way
H
Headbangers Ball
High School Stories
The Hills
Hip Hop Candy
Hip Hop Countdown
Hogan Knows Best
Homewrecker
I
I Bet You Will
I Love Money
I Want to Work for Diddy
I'm From Rolling Stone
J
Jackass
Jamie Kennedy's Blowin' Up
L
Laguna Beach: The Real Orange County
Legally Blonde: The Musical – The Search for Elle Woods
Life of Ryan
Liquid Television
Little Talent Show
Live Earth
Living Lahaina
M
Made
Making the Band
Making The Video
Maui Fever
Meet the Barkers
Meet or Delete
Miss Seventeen
Motolalert - Artist of the Month
MTV and Billabong Presents...
MTV Cribs
MTV Duets
MTV Full Tank
MTV Goal
MTV Hits
MTV Live
MTV Screen
MTV World Stage
MTV's The 70s House
MTV's The Lair
MTV's Little Talent Show
MTV's Official Motorola ARIA Chart Show
My Block
My Own
My Pix
My Super Sweet 16
N
Newlyweds: Nick and Jessica
Newport Harbor: The Real Orange County
Next
Nick Cannon's Wild n' Out
Nitro Circus
O
The Osbournes
P
Pageant Place
Parental Control
Pimp My Ride
Pimp My Ride International
Pimp My Ride UK
Popalicious
Power Girls
Punk'd
Q
QT
R
The Real World
Real World/Road Rules Challenge
Rich Girls
Road Rules
Rob and Big
Rock of Love
Room Raiders
S
Scarred
Scream Queens
Senseless
A Shot at Love with Tila Tequila
The Sifl and Olly Show
Singled Out
Sorority Life
SpongeBob's Truth or Square
Spy Groove
Stankervision
Suckers
T
Taildaters
Taking the Stage
That's Amoré!
There and Back
Tiara Girls
The Tom Green Show
Tool Academy
Total Request Live
Totally Jodie Marsh
Trick It Out
The Trip
The Veronicas: Blood Is For Life
Trippin'
True Life
V
Verushka's Closet
The Virgin Diaries
Viva La Bam
VMA Favourite Performances
VMAs Uncensored
Vodafone Live at the Chapel
W
The Wade Robson Project
Wake Up
Where My Dogs At?
Why Can't I Be You?
Wild 'N Out
Wildboyz
Wonder Showzen
Wrecked
X
The X Effect
Y
Yo Momma
Current
Since the formation of MTV Networks Australia in 2005 more original programming has emerged from the channel.
MTV's Official Motorola ARIA Chart Show
Through a partnership with ARIA MTV began broadcasting MTV's Official Motorola ARIA Chart Show which shows the current top 20 chart, music news, interviews and reviews.
MTV's The Lair
MTV's The Lair made its premiere on 26 January 2007 and is aired live every Thursday at the Metro Theatre in Sydney. The show features established and un-signed Australian and international bands.
MTV Screen
Feature previews and reviews of the latest movie and DVD releases.
Music blocks
Features non-stop music between MTV's reality TV schedule including:
After Hours
Hits
Popalicious
Wake Up
Music video countdowns
Features music video countdowns including:
Hip-Hop Countdown
The Big 12
Vodafone Live at the Chapel
Live intimate shows featuring Australian and international artists.
Surf programming
During Spring 2005 MTV Australia featured a range of surf related programming that had been produced the previous summer. The shows had commercial ties with the Billabong surf brand. Included in the lineup was Surf Shorts, a show featuring participants in the Jack McCoy Surf Film Festival, and Girls Get Out There, an edutainment program on female surfers.
Defunct
MTV Most Wanted
This was MTV Australia's flagship request show, started in 1996 and adopted from the formula used on MTV Asia. In subsequent years the show also used the same visuals as the Asian version. It was originally hosted by Yvette Duncan, the only VJ on the station at the time. Most Wanted ran weekdays for around two hours each day and was hosted from either a studio set or live location such as music stores. The show was replaced with TRL Australia in 2005.
TRL Australia
Shortly after the UK and Ireland version of MTV developed its own version of the American TRL, plans began for an Australian TRL. At first the show was weekly, broadcasting live on Fridays and running alongside MTV Most Wanted. TRL Australia uses the same logo as TRL UK. Shows were produced on a large cruise yacht, dubbed the "MTV Cruiser", which floated around Sydney Harbour, containing the audience, performing bands and VJs. Australian band Killing Heidi were the first to perform on the show.
Later TRL Australia became a daily show, with the Monday - Thursday slots being broadcast from a small boxed set at Global Television Studios in Sydney. Shows from the MTV Cruiser are produced on Fridays and are titled TRL Weekend. Both the weekly and weekend editions of TRL Australia feature prominent local and overseas celebrities, often during tours of Australia. They closely follow the formula of the original TRL.
During 2006 production on TRL Australia ceased without any announcement and as of May 2007 has not recommenced. It was replaced on-air with Full Tank and The Lair.
Quality Time
Shown in 2005, featuring local VJs spending time with a musical celebrity. The show uses a "day in the life of" format, including candid interviews and footage. Most of the shows feature the VJ in the United States.
Full Tank
The Full Tank crew hits the roads of Australia in search of the exciting, the kinky, the glamorous and the downright weird. They are discovering all the festivals, concerts, events, comps and parties that makes Australia unique.
MTV Mobbed
Be prepared to get Mobbed on air, online and on mobile with the hottest downloads downunder!
Other shows
Some shows are collaborated by MTV Australia, such as The Rock Chart and Scrambled Megs. These shows are not hosted by MTV VJs. Occasionally MTV Australia produces special shows such as VJ Hunts and summer surf specials. In the past MTV Australia has also been involved in novel original programming such as Digital Lili, a live phone-in show featuring a computer generated host. The show aired in Australia and Asia.
References
Mtv Australia
The men's triple jump event at the 1996 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Sydney, Australia, at International Athletic Centre on 23 and 24 August.
Medalists
Results
Final
24 August
Qualifications
23 Aug
Group A
Group B
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 34 athletes from 24 countries participated in the event.
References
Triple jump
Triple jump at the World Athletics U20 Championships
Tabarestan Higher Education Institution (TU) () (also called Tabarestan University) is an institution of higher education in Formal sciences, Physical sciences, Social sciences, Behavioral sciences and Engineering in Chaloos, Iran. The institution is located in Chaloos near the Caspian Sea and Caspian Hyrcanian mixed forests and beside Nowshahr port.
Tabarestan (TU) provides both undergraduate and graduate programs in 5 main departments. Undergraduate admission to Tabarestan is limited to students who pass the National University Entrance Exam administered yearly by Ministry of Science.
History
The institution was first founded in 1998 with the name Tabarestan Higher Education Institution fully accredited by Ministry of Science. Through the National University Entrance Exam conducted by Ministry of Science, about 100 students were accepted to attend undergraduate courses in the two fields of Management and Computer Engineering from the academic year 1997-1998.
Campus
The main campus of the Institution of Tabarestan's is in Chaloos, Iran. It is located close to the Caspian Sea coast in 17th Shahrivar St of Chaloos City.
Buildings
Central office
Central Department
Central library
The Mosque
The gym
The Laboratory
The Scientific Committees
The Restaurant & Buffet
The Robotic
Central office
The central office of Tabarestan is located in San'at Sq. in Tehran, Iran.
Faculties & Departments
Engineering Department
Software Engineering
Formal sciences Department
Mathematics
Applied Mathematics
Computer science
Physical sciences Department
geography
Geomorphology
geography and city programming
Behavioral sciences Department
Psychology
Social sciences Department
Law
Management
Accounting
Robotic
Robotic Center of Tabarestan Higher Education Institution is one of the Center of Excellence in Iran
Student life
Most of the students who study in Tabarestan are happy.
Cost of living
Cost of living in Chaloos is high.
Region
Most of the year the weather is raining.
Tuition fees
Tuition fees are lower than Islamic Azad University in Iran.
Student residences
Tabarestan helps students with accommodation, though most of the students rent privately in Chaloos or Nowshahr (Nowshahr port is beside Chaloos city).
Activities
Tabarestan offers some classes for students like Music classes, Acting, Handwriting, etc.
Competitions
There are several competitions in Tabarestan especially:
Football Cup
Writing story
Writing poem
Software programming
...
Ceremonies
There are several ceremonies during the year with playing music, singing, playing, ...
See also
Higher education in Iran
List of universities in Iran
References
External links
Tabarestan Higher Education Institution's home page
Robotic Center of Tabarestan Higher Education Institution's home page (RCT)
Website of Ministry of Science
Universities in Iran
Chalus, Iran
Education in Mazandaran Province
Buildings and structures in Mazandaran Province
Evan Lavender-Smith is an American writer, editor, and professor.
Lavender-Smith was raised in Las Cruces, New Mexico. He received a BA in English from the University of California, Berkeley in 1999 and an M.F.A. in Fiction from New Mexico State University in 2004. He is the founding editor of Noemi Press and the former Editor-in-Chief of Puerto del Sol. He teaches in the MFA program in creative writing at Virginia Tech.
Books
From Old Notebooks (2010)
Lavender-Smith's first book, From Old Notebooks, a cross-genre work combining elements of fiction, non-fiction, memoir, poetry and philosophy, was published in March 2010. Writing in Rain Taxi, literary critic and Harvard University professor Stephen Burt called From Old Notebooks "an anti-masterpiece of an anti-novel," noting novelist David Markson's influence on the book. In TriQuarterly, Barry Silesky wrote that From Old Notebooks "defies placement in a genre ... It is structured like poetry, in shifting events and tones without transition, though ... the language is ruthlessly prosaic." Daniel Nester has referred to Lavender-Smith's From Old Notebooks, along with books by Jenny Boully, as combining "the best of the poetics of prose poetry with the I-centric essay," and counted Lavender-Smith and Boully as members of a "New Prose" movement in contemporary American literature.
Avatar (2011)
Lavender-Smith's second book, a short novel entitled Avatar, was published in February 2011. The novel consists of a monologue thought or spoken by a character floating in space, between two points of light or "stars."
Bibliography
Interviews
“Speeds and Shapes of Consciousness” by David Winters in Gorse
“An Interview with Evan Lavender-Smith by Edwin Turner at Biblioklept
"An Interview with Evan Lavender-Smith" by Robert Lopez at Bookslut
"What is Experimental Literature? {Five Questions: Evan Lavender-Smith}" by Christopher Higgs at HTMLGiant
"Interstellar Overdrive: An Interview with Evan Lavender-Smith" by Dylan Hicks in Rain Taxi
"The Conceptual Novel" by Michael Kimball at The Faster Times
"Writers Respond: An Interview with Evan Lavender-Smith" by Molly Gaudry at HTMLGiant
Reviews
From Old Notebooks
“From Old Notebooks'' by Stephen Thomas in Black Warrior Review
“I Anti-Review Evan Lavender-Smith's Anti-Novel, From Old Notebooks” by Edwin Turner at Biblioklept
“From Old Notebooks by Evan Lavender-Smith by Barry Silesky in TriQuarterly
“From Old Notebooks” by Kevin Evers at The Rumpus
“From Old Notebooks by Evan Lavender-Smith” by Callista Buchen in Prick of the Spindle
“From Old Notebooks” by Peter Tieryas at HTMLGiant
“A Thought Documentary” by Michael Filippone at Red Fez
Avatar
“Black Space'' by Gabriel Blackwell in American Book Review
“Avatar Isn't Just a Movie'' by Giancarlo DiTrapano at Vice
“Evan Lavender-Smith's Avatar'' by Mike Meginnis at Uncanny Valley
External links
Author site
Author page at Dzanc Books
References
21st-century American novelists
1977 births
Living people
University of California, Berkeley alumni
New Mexico State University alumni
American male novelists
21st-century American male writers
Buto (, , Butu), Bouto, Butus (, Boutos) or Butosus was a city that the Ancient Egyptians called Per-Wadjet. It was located 95 km east of Alexandria in the Nile Delta of Egypt. What in classical times the Greeks called Buto, stood about midway between the Taly (Bolbitine) and Thermuthiac (Sebennytic) branches of the Nile, a few kilometers north of the east-west Butic River and on the southern shore of the Butic Lake (, Boutikē limnē).
Today, it is called Tell El Fara'in ("Hill of the Pharaohs"), near the villages of Ibtu (or Abtu) and Kom Butu and the city of Desouk ().
History
This delta region was an important site during prehistoric Egypt. It is the site of the cultural developments of ten thousand years, from the Paleolithic to 3100 BC.
Buto-Maadi culture is the most important Lower Egyptian prehistoric culture dated about 4000 - 3500, and contemporary with Naqada I and II phases in Upper Egypt. The culture is best known from the site Maadi near Cairo, but is also attested in many other places in the Delta to the Faiyum region. This culture was marked by development in architecture and technology.
Archaeological evidence seems to show that Upper Egyptian Naqada culture replaced Buto-Maadi culture (also known as the Lower Egyptian Cultural Complex), perhaps after a conquest. But, more recently, scholars have expressed reservations about this; they pointed out that, at the delta, there was a considerable transitional phase.
The unification of Lower Egypt and Upper Egypt into one entity is now considered to be a more complex process than previously thought.
Earliest texts
In the earliest records about the region, it contained two cities, Pe and Dep. Eventually, they merged into one city that the Ancient Egyptians named Per-Wadjet.
The goddess Wadjet, often represented as a cobra, was the patron deity of Lower Egypt and her oracle was located in her renowned temple in this area. An annual festival was held there that celebrated Wadjet. The area also contained sanctuaries of Horus and Bast, and much later, the city became associated with Isis.
At that time many deities with parallel identities and roles, but different names in the two earlier cultures, were merged into a unified pantheon of deities because of the great similarities. That was not the case with their patron deities, however. The patron deity of Lower Egypt, Wadjet, was represented as a cobra. The patron deity of Upper Egypt, Nekhbet, was represented as a white vulture. Their separate cultural statures were such important features that they never were merged when the two cultures unified into one, as were so many deities with similar roles or natures from religious beliefs of the two unified regions. The two goddesses became known euphemistically as the 'Two Ladies', who together, remained the patrons of unified Egypt throughout the remainder of its ancient history. The image of Nekhbet joined Wadjet on the Uraeus that would encircle the crown of the kings who ruled Ancient Egypt thereafter.
Ptolemaic period
During foreign occupation of Egypt under the Ptolemaic Kingdom, a dynasty that ruled from 305 to 30 BC, the classical Greeks coined the toponym Buto for the city. It served as the capital, or according to Herodian, merely the principal village of the Nile Delta. Herodotus styled it the Chemmite nome, Ptolemy knew it as the Phthenothite nome (), and Pliny the Elder as Ptenetha.
Greek historians recorded that Buto was celebrated for its monolithite temple and the oracle of the goddess Wadjet (Buto), and that a yearly festival was held there in honour of the goddess. While writing about Egyptian culture, the classical Greeks attempted to associate the more ancient Egyptian deities with their own. They wrote about them as essentially the same deities, but with different names in the Greek culture. For Wadjet the parallel identification was made with the Greek Leto or Latona. They also noted that at Buto there was a sanctuary of Horus (whom the ancient Greeks associated with Apollo) and a sanctuary of Bast (whom the Greeks associated with Artemis).
Writing during that Graeco-Roman period, Plutarch reported that Isis had entrusted the baby Horus to "Leto" (Wadjet) to raise at Buto while Isis searched for the body of her murdered husband Osiris. According to these same late sources, the shrew (sometimes associated with Horus) was worshiped at Buto as well.
A palace building dating to the Second Dynasty is considered one of the most important discoveries within Buto. Archaeological excavations were undertaken at Buto by the Egypt Exploration Society from 1964–1969, under the direction of Veronica Seton-Williams and later, by Dorothy Charlesworth. The German Archaeological Institute, Cairo has been excavating at Buto since the early 1980s. Six Greek bathhouses also were excavated by different missions in Buto.
See also
List of ancient Egyptian towns and cities
Diocese of Buto for ecclesiastical history and current titular sees
Kafr El Sheikh Governorate
Sais, Egypt
References
External links
Ptolemaic colonies
Archaeological sites in Egypt
Ruins in Egypt
Former populated places in Egypt
Nile Delta
Tells (archaeology)
Desouk
Cities in ancient Egypt
Former capitals of Egypt
Egyptian mythology
Egyptology
Archaeological discoveries with year of discovery missing
Wadjet
The 1994 Kensington and Chelsea Council election took place on 5 May 1994 to elect members of Kensington and Chelsea London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1994
1994 London Borough council elections
20th century in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea
Yevgeniy Klopotskiy (; ; born 12 August 1993) is a Belarusian professional footballer.
International career
He was named in Belarus' senior squad for a 2018 FIFA World Cup qualifier against France in September 2016.
Honours
Torpedo-BelAZ Zhodino
Belarusian Cup winner: 2015–16
References
External links
Profile at Dinamo Brest website
1993 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Brest, Belarus
Belarusian footballers
Association football defenders
FC Dynamo Brest players
FC Torpedo-BelAZ Zhodino players
FC Vitebsk players
FC Rukh Brest players
Louis Joseph "Ty" Rauber (September 8, 1905 – January 29, 1949) was a college football player, Navy Commander, and special agent with the FBI.
Early years
Rauber was born on September 8, 1905 in Wellsville, New York to John Rauber and Catherine Shaughnessy. He attended Central High School of Washington, D. C. and was captain of its 1923 football team.
Washington & Lee
Football
Rauber was a prominent fullback for the Washington & Lee Generals of Washington & Lee University. He was the first Generals player to make an All-East team, and the first All-American.
1925
Against Princeton in 1925, Ty once punted the ball from his end zone into a gale of wind which blew the ball right back into his arms. The Tigers then threw him for a safety.
1926
Rauber received All-Southern selections in 1926; receiving the third most votes of any player just behind Hoyt Winslett and Bill Spears. He received a third-team All-American vote from the Associated Press.
Navy
Rauber was a Commander with the Navy, serving as legal officer in charge of the land division, called to active duty in 1939. He later went overseas with naval intelligence.
Later years
Rauber died in Guam of a heart attack after having fallen off a boat.
See also
1926 College Football All-America Team
1926 College Football All-Southern Team
References
External links
Washington and Lee Generals football players
American football fullbacks
1905 births
1949 deaths
Players of American football from New York (state)
People from Wellsville, New York
Sportspeople from New York (state)
All-Southern college football players
Federal Bureau of Investigation agents
The HoHun church separated from the Presbyterian Church in Korea (HapDong). In 1961 25 delegates to the Assembly among the Pastor Kim Yun-Chan and Pastor Kim Yun-Chan formed a special association for the safeguard of the conservative Reformed faith. The following year they formed HoHun. Conflict in leadership arose in the early 1960s. A group led by Pastor Lee Do-Bong sought to prolong Park Byung-Hun in the leadership. A new moderator Rev. Song Jae-Muk separated and formed the Presbyterian Church in Korea HwanWon. A clash occurred in the denomination. Later the church had overcome successfully of the financial difficulties. Rev. Sin Eun-Kyun was elected as moderator. A year later Park Byung-Hun and his followers separated, after Park's death most of his former followers returned to HoHun. In 1982 the church established the Committee for Combining Denominations. Several small denominations joined HoHun as a result. In 2004 it had 120,000 members and 910 congregations in 39 Presbyteries and a General Assembly. The Church adheres to the Apostles Creed and Westminster Confession.
References
Presbyterian denominations in South Korea
Presbyterian denominations in Asia
The 2013 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A was the 57th edition of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A, the top-level of professional football in Brazil. Fluminense come in as the defending champions, having won the title in the 2012 season. On 13 November 2013, Cruzeiro won the title for the third time.
For the first time since the league adopted the 20-team, double round-robin format, all four teams promoted from Série B survived.
Average attendance
Format and results
For the eleventh consecutive season, the tournament was played in a double round-robin system. In a fashion similar to its second title in 2003, Cruzeiro led the rankings for most of the tournament, declared champion in the fifth to last round. The bottom four teams, Fluminense, Vasco, Ponte Preta and Nautico were relegated to play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série B in the 2014 season.
The tournament had a one-month interruption between June 9 and July 6 due to the 2013 FIFA Confederations Cup, which took place in Brazil.
Although Flamengo finished the championship just above the relegation positions, it was punished by the Superior Court of Sport Justice for irregularly calling in a player during a match against Cruzeiro - André Santos, who was suspended for a red card received at his previous Copa do Brasil match. The team lost four points - three for the irregular usage of a player and a fourth one which the team won due to the game resulting in a tie - and ended up temporarily being relegated. However, Portuguesa had also irregularly called in a player against Grêmio - Héverton the day after. The team also lost four points - three for the irregular usage of a player and a fourth one which the team won due to the game resulting in a tie - and ended up being relegated. This way, with both punishments, Fluminense FC managed to finish the championship above the relegation positions and was spared from having to compete in the next year's second division for the third time on the last 2 decades. Portuguesa's irregular usage of a player raised many suspicions, both from Flamengo's - who had also used an irregular player the day before - and Fluminense's side. Even though Portuguesa's former president Ilidio Lico admitted selling the Série A spot, no clue to whom it was sold was found, so the Court's decision stood. This relegation was a downhill for Portuguesa, as the team was relegated to Brazilian Third Division - Série C the next year, after playing Série B.
International qualification
The Série A served as a qualifier to CONMEBOL's 2014 Copa Libertadores. Cruzeiro and Gremio qualified to the Second Stage of the competition, while Atletico Paranaense qualified to the First Stage. Botafogo qualified to the First Stage as well since Ponte Preta lost the 2013 Copa Sudamericana Finals.
Teams
Stadiums and locations
Personnel and kits
Managerial changes
League table
Results
Positions by round
Top scorers
References
External links
Official webpage
Official regulations
2013 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A at Soccerway
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A season
1
Tuff is a type of rock consisting of consolidated volcanic ash ejected from vents during a volcanic eruption.
Tuff may also refer to:
Calcareous tuff, a sedimentary rock
Tuff (name)
Tuff (band), an American musical group
"Tuff" (instrumental), a 1961 single by Ace Cannon
Turbo Undercover Fighting Force (T.U.F.F.), the title organization in the cartoon T.U.F.F. Puppy
Tuff, a fictional character from the anime Kirby: Right Back at Ya!
'Tuff, an abbreviation for the Pokémon Wigglytuff
Tuff TV, digital broadcast television network
See also
TUF (disambiguation)
Tough (disambiguation)
Tuft (disambiguation)
Uğurlu, Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
Trois-Rivières is a village on the southwest coast of Martinique, located within the commune of Sainte-Luce. It is known for its distillery/plantation Rhum Trois Rivières, located in the north of the village.
Populated places in Martinique
Crazy Magazine is an illustrated satire and humor magazine that was published by Marvel Comics from 1973 to 1983 for a total of 94 regular issues (and two Super Specials (Summer 1975, 1980)). It was preceded by two standard-format comic books titled Crazy. The magazine's format followed in the tradition of Mad, Sick, Cracked and National Lampoon.
Many comic book artists and writers contributed to the effort in the early years. These included Stan Lee, Will Eisner, Vaughn Bodé, Frank Kelly Freas, Harvey Kurtzman, Mike Ploog, Basil Wolverton, Marie Severin, Mike Carlin, editor Marv Wolfman and executive editor Roy Thomas. Mainstream writers like Harlan Ellison and Art Buchwald also contributed. Lee Marrs supplied a few pictures. In addition to drawn art, Crazy experimented with fumetti.
History
Marvel Comics (then known as Atlas Comics) first published a Crazy comic book in 1953. It ran for seven issues, through mid-1954, and was focused on popular culture parodies and humor. The second comic title, as Crazy!, ran for three issues in 1973, and reprinted comics parodies from Marvel's late-1960s Not Brand Echh. Later that year, Marvel repurposed the title for a black-and-white comics magazine. Marv Wolfman edited the first ten issues from 1973–1975 and the first Super Special, and created the magazine's first mascot, a short, bug-eyed man in a large black hat and draped in a black cape. Initially unnamed, the mascot was dubbed "The Nebbish" in issue #9 (Feb. 1975) and later "Irving Nebbish". Wolfman recalled, "Stan Lee wanted it to be more Mad/Cracked, where I wanted it more Lampoon. We sort of split the difference."
Steve Gerber, who served as Crazys editor from issues #11-14, and wanted it to be distinctive from the archetypal Mad, said that the goal was to present work that implied the creators were themselves insane. Gerber's own contributions were often prose stories with a handful of illustrations, such as the "Just Plain Folks" series of bizarre biographies. The last issue of his run as editor included a darkly comic short story he wrote in college, "...And the Birds Hummed Dirges!", about high-school kids who make a suicide pact.
Paul Lamont edited issue #15 (Jan. 1976) and Paul Laikin edited #16-60 and #62 (May 1980).
By 1979, Crazy was struggling in sales. In 1980, the Irving Nebbish mascot was replaced with the belligerent Obnoxio the Clown, who made his first appearance in issue #63 (June 1980), the first regular issue edited by Larry Hama, who had also edited issue #61 (April 1980).
Crazy Magazines last issue was #94 (April 1983).
Recurring features
The Kinetic Kids—two pages flipped back and forth to create an illusion of motion
The Teen Hulk—teenager who becomes a Hulk-like character played for laughs
Retread Funnies—classic Marvel Comics stories presented with new dialogue
Cultural references
The publication was referenced in The Simpsons episode "Separate Vocations". Principal Skinner shows Bart Simpson some of the confiscated contraband in a storeroom at Springfield Elementary School: "Complete collections of Mad, Cracked, and even the occasional issue of Crazy!"
See also
Mad imitators and variants
References
External links
Crazy Magazine covers
Monthly magazines published in the United States
Satirical magazines published in the United States
Comics magazines published in the United States
Comics by Marv Wolfman
Comics by Paul Kupperberg
Comics by Steve Gerber
Defunct American comics
Defunct magazines published in the United States
Magazines established in 1973
Magazines disestablished in 1983
Marvel Comics titles
Satirical comics
Parody comics
Black comedy comics
Surreal comedy
1973 comics debuts
1983 comics endings
Comedy franchises
Arizona is a dramatic play written in 1899 by Augustus Thomas, considered one of his best. The play takes place in the Arizona Territory before the Spanish–American War of 1898.
The Territory became the U.S. state of Arizona in 1912.
Plot
Arizona tells the story of the affection between a young cavalryman and a rancher's daughter. The cavalryman is accused of stealing books from the library that contained a hidden key to the chancellor's office. Sub-plots include indiscretions of the young wife of an older cavalry officer, a cavalry officer who will not support his illegitimate child, and the love between a vaquero and the daughter of a German cavalry sergeant. Thomas based his play on his visits to Henry Hooker's Sierra Bonita Ranch and the two primary characters Canby and Bonita on Hooker's family.
Setting
The play is set just before the Spanish–American War and at Aravaipa Ranch, in the Aravaipa Valley near Fort Grant, Arizona.
Act I
Evening, the interior of the adobe courtyard of Canby's ranch house.
Act II
Midnight, drawing-room of Colonel Bonham's quarters at Fort Grant.
Act III
Two months later, dining room at Aravaipa Ranch.
Act IV
Twenty minutes later, the interior of the adobe courtyard of Canby's ranch house.
Characters
in parenthesis, cast of the Broadway premiere of the play Sept. 10, 1900, Herald Square Theater
Henry Canby, owner of Aravaipa ranch. (Theodore Roberts)
Colonel Frank Bonham, Eleventh United States Cavalry. (Edwin Holt)
Sam Wong, cook. (Stephen B. French)
Mrs. Canby, wife of rancher. (Mattie Earle)
Estrella Bonham, wife of the Colonel. (Jane Kennark)
Lena Kellar, a waitress. (Adora Andrews)
Lieutenant Harry Denton, Eleventh United States Cavalry. (Vincent Serrano)
Bonita Canby, Estrella's sister. (Eleanor Robson Belmont; as Eleanor Robson)
Miss MacCullagh, a school teacher. (Louise Closser Hale; as Louise Closser)
Dr. Fenlon, surgeon, Eleventh United States Cavalry. (George O'Donnell)
Captain Leonard Hodgman, Eleventh United States Cavalry. (Walter Hale, later husband of Louise Closser)
Tony Mostano, a vaquero. (Edgar Selwyn)
Lieutenant Hallock, Eleventh United States Cavalry. (Malcolm Gunn)
Sergeant Kellar, Eleventh United States Cavalry. (Thomas Oberle)
Lieutenant Young, Eleventh United States Cavalry. (Sidney Ainsworth)
Major Cochran, Eleventh United States Cavalry. (George Morehead)
Production and reception
The play was produced by Kirke La Shelle and opened in Chicago at Hamlin's Grand Opera House on June 12, 1899. With a cast led by Theodore Roberts, sets and costumes designed by Frederic Remington, and authentic characterization of the soldiers and citizens of Arizona Territory, it was received enthusiastically by the audience. The Chicago opening also featured a young Lionel Barrymore in a minor role as Lieutenant Young of the Eleventh Cavalry. Sigmund Romberg later adapted the play as an operetta, The Love Call (1927)..
References
Bibliography
New York Times. "New Theatrical Bills", Wednesday, June 13, 1899, p. 7.
Thomas, Augustus. Arizona: A Drama in Four Acts. New York: R.H. Russell (1899).
1899 plays
American plays
Western (genre) plays
Plays set in Arizona
Passion: Salvation's Tide Is Rising is a studio album by Passion. SixSteps Records released the album on January 1, 2016.
Critical reception
Graham Gladstone, indicating in a four-star review at Worship Leader, describes, "unique flair." Rating the album a nine out of ten for Cross Rhythms, Brendan O'Regan says, "These are straight-up worship songs and will act as a support to people of faith." Matt Conner, affixing a four-star rating upon the release at CCM Magazine, describes, "This is easily the best Passion worship release in several years." Allocating a three and a half star rating upon the release from Jesus Freak Hideout, Michael Weaver states, "Giving Salvation's Tide is Rising the studio treatment was an excellent decision." Mikayla Shriver, assigning the album four and a half stars from New Release Today, says, "Passion Conference is highly esteemed in the Christian world, and with albums like new Salvation's Tide Is Rising, it shouldn't be any other way." Awarding the album four stars at The Christian Manifesto, Cal Moore states, "it's pretty good." Michael Tackett, giving the album four stars from CM Addict, writes, "Lyrically it may stick to similar worship songs but the musical approach makes it stand out as one of the better worship records out there today." Reviewing the album for Hallels, Timothy Yap says, "after a few listens, less is definitely more here...Though there are fewer songs on Salvation's Tide is Rising than their previous albums, the songs here are tighter, more focused, and more inviting as far as congregational worship is concerned." Joshua Andre, signaling in a four-star review by 365 Days of Inspiring Media, describes, "Salvation's Tide Is Rising hardly has any faults, and is just as good as its predecessors." Indicating in a four and a half star review at The Christian Beat, Madeleine Dittmer states, "Providing an incredible source of inspiration and hope to all who listen, this record offers fresh new songs that help to deepen our relationship with the Good, Good Father." Laura Chambers, allotting the album four stars from Today's Christian Entertainment, responds, "Salvation's Tide Is Rising, in a refreshingly simple way, takes us back to the roots of our hope in Christ; love, grace, surrender."
Track listing
Chart performance
References
2016 albums
Passion (worship band) albums
Eurosta is a genus of gall maker flies in the family Tephritidae (known as fruit flies in North America and picture wing flies in Europe). There are seven species in the genus, all in North America.
Species
E. comma (Wiedemann, 1830)
E. cribrata (Wulp, 1867)
E. fenestrata Snow, 1894
E. floridensis Foote, 1977
E. lateralis (Wiedemann, 1830)
E. latifrons (Loew, 1862)
E. solidaginis (Fitch, 1855)
References
Tephritinae
Tephritidae genera
Taxa named by Hermann Loew
Diptera of North America
Our Teachings (Kashti-Nooh in Urdu) is an Urdu book published in 1902 by the founder of the Ahmadiyya movement, Mirza Ghulam Ahmad of Qadian, India. Mirza Ghulam Ahmad, a Messiah and Mahdi claimant, attempted to revive the purported original and pristine teachings of Islam. He entitled the book "Noah's Ark", implying that those who wanted to be saved from the deluge of irreligion and materialism should join the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community. Published in many languages, this English edition has been published by ‘Islam International Publications Limited'; Tilford, Surrey GUI0 2AQ. U.K. ] (1990)
References
Ahmadiyya
Islamic studies books
Theology
Works by Mirza Ghulam Ahmad
20th-century Indian books
Indian religious texts
1902 books
Prescriptivism may refer to:
Linguistic prescriptivism, the practice of laying down norms for language usage
Universal prescriptivism, a meta-ethical theory of the meaning of moral statements
A psi wheel is pyramid-shaped top-like device consisting of a small piece of paper or foil balanced on the tip of a pointed object (such as a toothpick or needle). It is commonly used in attempts to prove the validity of telekinesis, by rotating the wheel claiming to use the power of the mind alone.
However, this "experiment" does not prove psychokinesis or other parapsychological phenomenon as hidden heat and wind sources can be used to turn it. Psychokinesis is not proven to date, while many laws of physics prohibit it as such, psychokinesis is pseudoscientific.
History
In the 1968 psychic powers film The Power, a group of witnesses seated around a table watch a stunned telekinetic as a psi wheel turns by the application of telekinetic force by one of the characters.
Construction
There are several designs for the shape of the psi wheel, but the most common is an inverted funnel-shaped pyramid. This psi wheel shape may be constructed by creasing a small (around 2 inches by 2 inch) square of paper or foil lengthwise, height wise, and diagonally both ways, then bending the square slightly along the creases to reach the desired shape.
Another common type of psi wheel is in the shape of a cross made out of a very thin sheet of metal such as aluminum or brass. The arms of the cross are anywhere from 1.25 to 2 inches in length and up to 1/4" wide, with a small dimple in the middle so that it can be balanced on something sharp.
This wheel then balances on a sharp pointed object such as a thumbtack, pin, needle, or pen cover firmly planted on a flat surface. An object such as a thumbtack or pen cover can stand on its base by itself, however an object such as a needle will need to be rooted in another stable object such as an eraser, sponge, box, or bottle cap in order to provide it with enough stability to hold the spinning wheel on its tip; one stable design even uses a plastic bottle cap filled with an equal amount of J-B Weld, a quick drying two-part epoxy, to hold a needle of any desired size upright in place. Sometimes such psi wheels are placed within medium-sized glass or clear plastic containers to prevent random bursts of air and possibly heat from the hands from causing spurious movement of the wheel.
See also
Crookes radiometer
References
Psychokinesis
Articles containing video clips
Tops
The Bi-County Conference was a high school conference in western central Illinois. The conference par in athletics and activities in the Illinois High School Association (IHSA). The conference comprised nine public high schools with small enrollments in portions of Fulton, Hancock, Henderson, McDonough, and Warren counties.
Former membership
Sources:IHSA Conferences and IHSA Member Schools Directory
History
The conference originally consisted of nine schools. It was believed to have been formed in the 1970s at some point. The conference was very competitive. All of these schools were small schools. In the 1990s, La Harpe and Northwestern formed a co-op (the Thunder), which would ultimately cause the demise of the conference. Soon after, Dallas City would leave the conference, as would Roseville; however, the Bi-County would acquire Spoon River Valley and Alexis. 1997-98 was the final year of the conference. La Harpe-Northwestern won the football title that year. As of now, Northwestern and Colchester have consolidated to form West Prairie High School. Avon High School has co-oped with Abingdon High School. Dallas City has consolidated with La Harpe and Carthage to form Illini West High School. Roseville and Monmouth have consolidated to form Monmouth-Roseville High School. Southern High School and Union High School have consolidated to form West Central High School. Yorkwood, Alexis, and Warren have consolidated to form United High School.
References
Illinois high school sports conferences
Champel is a neighborhood in the city of Geneva, Switzerland.
Champel is widely considered a posh, high-class neighbourhood due to its numerous parks and natural spaces, very luxurious apartments and proximity to the city center. Residences mostly consist of mid-range to high-scale apartments. Champel is home to Cité Universitaire (), a hostel-like complex for students of the University of Geneva.
Geography
Champel is in close proximity to Florissant, which like Champel is an exclusive neighborhood, bordered by the neighborhood of Eaux-Vives to the north, the municipality of Veyrier to the east, the municipality of Carouge to the south and the city center to the west, occupying an area of approximately 1.9 km2.
Sights
The 'plateau de Champel' is the center of the neighbourhood. The 'Parc Bertrand' is a popular park, featuring a former primary school (which is now a day-care center), a fenced dog park, a playground for small children as well as a wading pool. The neo-gothic 'Tour de Champel' on the edge of the cliffs overlooking the Arve is a scenic view.
Notable people
Michael Servetus (1509 or 1511 – 1553), Spanish theologian, physician, cartographer, and Renaissance humanist, was executed at the Plateau of Champel
Lydia Welti-Escher (1858–1891), patron of the arts and founder of the Gottfried Keller Stiftung, committed suicide in her house in Champel
References
City of Geneva : Districts of Geneva - Champel
External links
Cité Universitaire website
Geography of Geneva
Burtonville is an unincorporated community in Greene County, Virginia, United States.
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Greene County, Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Sadeq Tabatabaei (; 25 March 1943 – 21 February 2015) was an Iranian writer, journalist, TV host, university professor at the University of Tehran and politician who served as Deputy Prime Minister from 1979 to 1980. He was also Deputy Minister of the Interior and oversaw the referendum on establishing an Islamic Republic in March 1979. He was Iran's Ambassador to West Germany from 1982 until 1986.
Early life and family
Tabatabaei was born on 12 December 1943 in the city of Qom. He was the son of Ayatollah Mohammad-Bagher Tabatabaei and nephew of Musa al-Sadr. His sister, Fatemeh was married to Ahmad Khomeini, son of Ruhollah Khomeini, thereby making him the uncle of Hassan Khomeini. After completing his elementary education, he moved to Germany along with his uncle, Musa al-Sadr and began studying in chemistry at Ruhr University Bochum. After graduating, he became a professor at the university and also a member of Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft (DFG).
In 1961, Tabatabaei went to Aachen to study biochemistry and later received his doctorate from the University of Bochum. While in Aachen, he organized a student group that campaigned against Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi. In 1967, he handed Ulrike Meinhof material about Iran, which was used in a column in Konkret magazine opposing the Shah's visit to West Germany that year and drew wide attention. Tabatabaei gave a speech at the grave of Benno Ohnesorg, an unarmed university student who was shot during a demonstration against the Shah's visit to the Deutsche Oper in Berlin by Karl-Heinz Kurras, a police officer later discovered to be an agent of the East German secret police, the Stasi.
Political career
During studying, Tabatabaei met with Mehdi Bazargan and joined his party, Freedom Movement. He became a supporter of Ruhollah Khomeini and published many articles about him and his movement in German newspapers. Tabatabaei was with Khomeini during his exile in Paris, in the suburb of Neauphle-le-Chateau, serving in numerous coordination meetings. By his own admission Tabatabaei had "been one of eight people in Europe and America, who had prepared revolution abroad and kept in contact with Khomeini."
He accompanied Khomeini on his return to Iran on the Air France plane on 1 February 1979, along with Sadegh Khalkhali and Peter Scholl-Latour, a Franco-German journalist.
After the victory of the Iranian Revolution, he became Head of Department of Political and Social at Ministry of Interior and assumed the task of holding the 1979 referendum which resulted in the establishment of the Islamic Republic. After that, he was appointed as Deputy Prime Minister by Mehdi Bazargan just hours before his resignation. He was also spokesman of the caretaker government and held the post until Mohammad-Ali Rajai became new prime minister. He was also a candidate in the 1980 presidential election, placing fifth among one hundred and twenty-seven candidates.
From 1979 to 1982, Tabatabaei worked in various government offices, first as deputy interior minister and government spokesman. From November 1979 to September 1980 he served as Secretary of State in the Prime Minister's office.
On 21 March 1980, Tabatabaei met Foreign Minister Hans-Dietrich Genscher in Bonn, to discuss a possible ending of the hostage crisis in Tehran. The conversation remained without concrete results. Tabatabaei remained in touch with the German government and informed German authorities of the state of discussions in government and in parliament. This took place on 26 October 1980 in a telephone conversation between Tabatabaei and Foreign Minister Genscher, in which Tabatabaei informed about the debate in Parliament. On 16 and 18 September 1980 Tabatabaei met Foreign Minister Genscher and US Deputy Secretary of State Warren Christopher in Bonn to discuss the next steps in the hostage issue.
Subsequently, he was responsible for the procurement of arms and travelled abroad as a special envoy of the Iranian Government. In this regard, he was involved in arms trade scandals and drug smuggling in Germany in 1982 and 1983. In 1982, Tabatabaei retracted to his own statements from the policy, but on 8 January 1983, he was held with 1.65 kg of raw opium in his suitcase at Düsseldorf airport by customs officials, and released on bail. His status as a special envoy was confirmed in 1983 by the Iranian government.
He was also a possible candidate for 2009 election which he withdrew in favor of Mohsen Rezaee and later became one of his advisers and campaign members. He was also his deputy manager of campaign in 2013 election and possible vice president candidate.
Death
On 21 February 2015, he died in Düsseldorf, Germany, where he had resided for the last six months. He was suffering from lung cancer.
His body was transferred to Iran and was buried at Ruhollah Khomeini's mausoleum in Tehran after a public funeral that held on 26 February.
Personal life
He was married to his cousin, Fatemeh Sadrameli in 1965, a graduate of psychology and sociology of education. The couple have one daughter Ghazaleh, born 1973 who is a physician and neurologist and one son named Adnan, born in 1979 and a Political Economist. He was the nephew of Musa al-Sadr. Ahmad Khomeini was also his brother-in-law (his sister was married to Ruhollah Khomeini's son Ahmad) and Hassan Khomeini is his nephew.
References and notes
External links
Personal website (archived in 2009, in Persian)
1943 births
2015 deaths
People from Qom
Iranian memoirists
Iranian people of Lebanese descent
Al-Moussawi family
Ambassadors of Iran to Germany
Freedom Movement of Iran politicians
Candidates in the 1980 Iranian presidential election
Spokespersons of the Government of Iran
The Brothers García is an American television series that originally aired from July 23, 2000 to August 8, 2004 on Nickelodeon. There were a total 52 episodes over the course of 4 seasons.
Series overview
Episodes
Season 1 (2000)
Season 2 (2001)
Season 3 (2002)
Season 4 (2003–04)
External links
Brothers Garcia
The Athenaeum in Princess Street Manchester, England, now part of Manchester Art Gallery, was originally a club built for the Manchester Athenaeum, a society for the "advancement and diffusion of knowledge", in 1837. The society, founded in 1835, met in the adjacent Royal Manchester Institution until funds had been raised for the building. The society survived financial difficulties to become the centre for Manchester's literary life. It ceased operations in 1938.
Sir Charles Barry designed the Athenaeum building in the Italian palazzo style, the first such building in the city. Manchester Corporation acquired the building in 1938.
In 2002, Manchester Art Gallery was extended by Hopkins Architects following an architectural design competition managed by RIBA Competitions to take in the Athenaeum. It is linked to the art gallery by a glass atrium. The Athenaeum is a grade II* listed building.
Society
The Manchester Athenaeum for the Advancement and Diffusion of Knowledge was founded in 1835, with James Heywood as its first president. It met initially at the Royal Manchester Institution until funds had been raised for its own building, which was completed in 1837. Their new premises had a newsroom on the ground floor, and a library, lecture hall and coffee room. A billiards room and gymnasium were added later.
Richard Cobden was instrumental in promoting education in the city and spoke at the opening. He, along with a significant number of other members of the Anti-Corn Law League's Council, was an important figure in both instigating and developing the society during its early years. He described it as a "manufactory for working up the raw intelligence of the town".
By 1838, there were over 1,000 members, each paying an annual subscription of 30 shillings. The club then hit upon and survived financial difficulties to become the centre for Manchester's literary life. A report about the society in the Sheffield Times in 1847 noted that it catered for the "mental and moral improvement" of the intelligent among the middle-classes and that the shared pursuit of "rational amusement" was an aid to bridging the social gap between masters and men. That report, and thus the society, directly inspired two societies with similar goals in Sheffield, confusingly both calling themselves the Sheffield Athenaeum.
The society was promoted as "an institution for the benefit of the tradesmen, commercial assistants and apprentices, professional students, clerks, of this very populous and flourishing town". It also emphasised its admission of women, although in practice until 1844 they had limited membership rights, being barred from full engagement in its activities and from its management. Charles Dickens and Benjamin Disraeli addressed its membership in the 1840s.
Manchester Corporation acquired the building in 1938, when the society ceased operations.
Architecture
Sir Charles Barry, who designed the Royal Manchester Institution in the Greek Revival style, designed the Athenaeum in the Italian palazzo style, the first such building in the city.
The building is constructed of sandstone ashlar under a slate roof on a rectangular plan and originally had two storeys and a basement. It has a symmetrical nine-window facade with raised rusticated quoins at the corners and an inscribed frieze under a prominent mutuled cornice. The inscriptions on the frieze are, "INSTUTVTED MDCCCXXXV ATHENAEUM ERECTED MDCCCXXXVIII" and "FOR THE ADVANCEMENT AND DIFFVSION OF KNOWLEDGE". The building's interior was damaged by fire in 1874 and was remodelled and an attic floor was added behind a high balustraded parapet with four tall chimneys.
A central entrance porch with a coffered barrel-vaulted ceiling is accessed by a flight of stone steps and has Doric columns supporting a frieze, moulded cornice and balustraded parapet. The first and second floors have tall two-light casement windows with architraves, balustrades and pediments to the second floor.
See also
Grade II* listed buildings in Greater Manchester
Listed buildings in Manchester-M1
List of societies for education in Manchester
References
Notes
Bibliography
Art museums and galleries in Manchester
Grade II* listed buildings in Manchester
Charles Barry buildings
Lodovico Morosini (died 1407) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Modon (1390–1407) and Bishop of Capodistria (1364–1390).
Biography
On 16 October 1364, Lodovico Morosini was appointed during the papacy of Urban V as Bishop of Capodistria. On 27 July 1365, he was consecrated bishop by Domenico Gaffaro, Bishop of Asolo, with Luca, Bishop of Cardica, and Giovanni Grandis, Bishop of Novigrad, serving as co-consecrators. On 21 November 1390, he was appointed during the papacy of Pope Boniface IX as Bishop of Modon. He served as Bishop of Modon until his death in 1407.
References
Bishops appointed by Pope Urban V
Bishops appointed by Pope Boniface IX
1407 deaths
14th-century Roman Catholic bishops in the Republic of Venice
Murray Alexander Armstrong (January 1, 1916 – December 8, 2010) was a Canadian professional ice hockey centre and National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) ice hockey Head Coach.
Playing career
Armstrong played junior hockey with the Regina Pats before debuting with the Toronto Maple Leafs of the National Hockey League (NHL) in the 1937–38 season. Two years later he was involved in one of the biggest trades of the decade. He, Busher Jackson, Buzz Boll, and Doc Romnes were sent to the New York Americans in exchange for Sweeney Schriner. He played three years with New York before World War II, in which he went to play and coach for the Regina Army Caps. Following his army service, Armstrong was signed by Jack Adams in Detroit, but halfway through his third season he was demoted after Adams called up an 18-year-old named Gordon Howe. In 270 career NHL games, Armstrong scored 67 goals and 121 assists for 188 points.
Following his retirement, Armstrong went on to coach the Regina Pats from 1950–55, and the University of Denver from 1956 to 1977, winning five NCAA Championships, in 1958, 1960, 1961, 1968 and 1969. He is considered one of the top NCAA coaches of all time.
He retired to St. Augustine, Florida, where he remained an avid golfer into his 90s.
His son Rob Armstrong is a former CBS News journalist and the current Retired Professional in Residence at Flagler College.
He died in St. Augustine, Florida on December 8, 2010.
Awards and achievements
EAHL Second All-Star Team (1936)
Herman W. Paterson Cup (USHL - MVP) (1947)
Lester Patrick Trophy (1977)
Hobey Baker Legends of College Hockey Award (1984)
Career statistics
Head coaching record
College
See also
List of college men's ice hockey coaches with 400 wins
References
External links
1916 births
2010 deaths
Canadian Army personnel of World War II
Canadian military personnel from Saskatchewan
Brooklyn Americans players
Buffalo Bisons (AHL) players
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in the United States
Canadian ice hockey centres
Dallas Texans (USHL) players
Denver Pioneers men's ice hockey coaches
Detroit Red Wings players
Ice hockey people from Saskatchewan
International-American Hockey League players
Lester Patrick Trophy recipients
New York Americans players
New York Rovers players
Regina Pats players
Syracuse Stars (AHL) players
Toronto Maple Leafs players
Porcine circovirus (PCV) is a group of four single-stranded DNA viruses that are non-enveloped with an unsegmented circular genome. They are members of the genus Circovirus that can infect pigs. The viral capsid is icosahedral and approximately 17 nm in diameter.
PCVs are the smallest viruses replicating autonomously in eukaryotic cells. They replicate in the nucleus of infected cells, using the host polymerase for genome amplification.
PCV-2 causes Porcine circovirus associated disease or postweaning multisystemic wasting syndrome (PMWS). An effective vaccination is now available. Fort Dodge Animal Health (Wyeth) launched the first USDA approved vaccine in 2006, containing an inactivated virus (ATCvet code: ).
Classification
Three strains of PCV are known as of 2018:
PCV-1 (first identified in 1974) readily infects, but is not known to cause disease in swine.
PCV-2 (first isolated in 1997) causes PMWS, which over time results in significant depletion of lymphocytes; postmortem examination of diseased animals reveals enlarged lymph nodes and abnormal lung tissue. However, viral infection by itself tends to cause only mild disease, and co-factors such as other infections or immunostimulation seem necessary for development of severe disease. For example, concurrent infection with porcine parvovirus or PRRS virus, or immunostimulation lead to increased replication of PCV-2 and more severe disease in PCV-2-infected pigs.
PCV-3 (first described in 2015) causes a wide range of problems, and may be widespread among pigs.
PCV-1 and PCV-2 show a high degree of sequence identity and a similar genomic organisation; nevertheless, the basis of the distinct pathogenicity has not yet been unravelled. The organization for PCV-3 is similar, but the sequence identity is much lower.
Genome
PCV's genome is one of the simplest of all viruses, requiring only a capsid protein (ORF2) and two replicase proteins (ORF1) in order to replicate and produce a functional virus. Due to the simplicity of PCV, it must rely heavily on the host's cellular machinery to replicate. The origin of replication is located on a small octanucleotide stem-loop that is flanked by palindromic repeats, with the ORF's being located head-to-head on both sides of the Ori. Specifically, ORF1 is located clockwise and ORF2 is located counterclockwise of the Ori.
The two replicase enzymes that are created from ORF1, Rep and Rep', are conserved between the two types of PCV, and are part of the early phase of the virus. The replicases differ in that Rep is the full ORF1 transcript of 312 amino acids, whereas Rep' is a truncated form of ORF1 as a result of splicing and is only 168 amino acids in length. The promoter for rep (Prep) contains an Interferon-Stimulated Response Element (ISRE) that suggests Rep and Rep' are regulated by cytokine involvement, and is probably a means for the virus to overcome the host's immune responses to infection. Rep and Rep' form a dimer that binds to two hexameric regions adjacent to the stem-loop, H1 and H2, which is required for replication. When the dimer binds to this region, the replicases cleave the loop region of the stem-loop and remain covalently bound to the H1 and H2 regions of the DNA, which becomes the 5' end of the DNA. The newly formed 3'OH end forms a primer using host RNA polymerase, which is then used by the host's DNA polymerase to begin transcription of the viral DNA via rolling circle replication. After the complementary DNA strand has been created, the stem region of the stem-loop forms a loose, non-hydrogen bonded, quadruplet DNA structure. This loosely associated structure can form short lived DNA-trimers which forms two templates for replication, as well as maintaining the nucleic integrity of the stem region of the stem-loop. The termination of the replication sequence has not been identified, yet, though there is evidence supporting that Rep also represses its own promoter, Prep.
The ORF2 region encodes the capside protein Cap (aka CP), which differs slightly between PCV-1 and PCV-2. This variation within PCV may explain why PCV-1 is non-pathogenic, while PCV-2 is pathogenic. The promoter for this protein is located within ORF1, within the site where Rep' is truncated, and is splice from the same exon to the starting point of the ORF2 coding region and expressed during both early and late phases. This is the immunogenic region of the virus and is the primary area of research for creating a vaccine to treat PMWS.
There is a third gene encoded in the opposite orientation to ORF1 in the genome. This gene is transcribed and is an essential gene involved in viral replication.
Size
Porcine circovirus is a replicating entity with one of the smallest DNA strands consisting of a simple loop of DNA.
The DNA sequence for Porcine circovirus type 2 strain MLP-22 is 1726 base pairs long.
Entry
PCV infects a wide variety of cell types, including hepatocytes, cardiomyocytes, and macrophages. However, until recently, it was unknown exactly how attachment and entry into these cells was achieved. Research has shown that PCV utilizes clathrin-mediated endocytosis to enter the cell, though it's stipulated that there may still be other factors that haven't been identified. Once endocytosed, the endosome and lysosome formation causes an acidic pH shift, which allows ATP-driven uncoating of the virus and allows it to escape the endosomes and lysosomes. After the virus escapes the endosomes and lysosomes, it travels to the nucleus through unknown means.
Escape
Besides ORF1 and ORF2, there is also an ORF3 which is not necessarily required for PCV to survive within the host. Research has shown that the protein coded in ORF3 can modulate the host cell's cell-division cycle and cause cell-mediated, virus-induced apoptosis. Using a yeast two-hybrid screening system of ORF3 against the porcine cDNA library indicated that the ORF3 protein interacts with the porcine pPirh2, which is an E3 ubiquitin ligase. This E3 ubiquitin ligase normally interacts with p53 during the cell division cycle and prevents it from halting the cell division cycle at S-phase. However, ORF3 also interacts with pPirh2 at the same region as p53 and causes an upregulation of p53 expression. This increase in p53 stops the cell division cycle and the result of this is p53 mediated apoptosis, which releases PCV into the extracellular environment.
Contamination in human vaccine
On March 22, 2010, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) recommended suspending the use Rotarix, one of two vaccines licensed in the United States against rotavirus, due to findings of viral DNA contamination. Follow-up work by GlaxoSmithKline confirmed the contamination in working cells and the viral "seed" used in Rotarix production, also confirming the material was likely present since the early stages of product development, including the clinical trials for FDA approval.
Testing of the other licensed vaccine against rotavirus infection, RotaTeq, also detected some components of both PCV-1 and PCV-2. Porcine circovirus 1 is not known to cause disease in humans or other animals.
As of June 8, 2010, the FDA has, based on a careful review of a variety of scientific information, determined it is appropriate for clinicians and public health professionals in the United States to use both Rotarix and RotaTeq vaccine.
See also
Animal virology
References
External links
The Control of Porcine Circovirus Diseases (PCVDs): Towards Improved Food Quality and Safety
Animal Disease Diagnostic Laboratory
Porcine Circovirus Type 2
The Economics of PMWS - Porc Quebec Magazine Article
Animal viruses
Stopcircovirus.com
Viralzone: Circovirus
Articles by Quim Segalés on PCV2 - pig333.com
Circoviridae
Animal viral diseases
Unaccepted virus taxa
Swine diseases
The Mount Pleasant Library at 1600 Lamont Street, NW in Washington, DC is a branch of the District of Columbia Public Library System that opened in May 1925, and is the third oldest public library building still in use in Washington.
History
Construction of the Mount Pleasant Branch was funded primarily by the Carnegie Corporation and was built to serve the rapidly growing communities of Mount Pleasant and Columbia Heights. The architect, Edward Lippincott Tilton of New York City, was an accomplished library designer who planned numerous libraries nationwide. The library site at Lamont and 16th Streets was made available for purchase by Mary Foote Henderson who was instrumental in the development of 16th Street in the early 20th century. The Italian Renaissance design of the building harmonizes with the monumental architecture of the churches and embassies that line 16th Street. The Mount Pleasant Neighborhood Library stands in the Mount Pleasant National Register Historic District designated in 1987.
The Mount Pleasant Library was the third and last DC Neighborhood Library to be built with Carnegie funding. Andrew Carnegie had funded the construction of the Central Library and, at its dedication in 1903, he offered to finance branch buildings as they were needed. Congress was slow to authorize the acceptance of his offer. In 1910, it authorized acceptance of funds for the first Carnegie Neighborhood Library which opened in Takoma Park in 1911. By the time the Board of Library Trustees next sought funds for a Neighborhood Library, Carnegie had died without providing in his will for the construction of additional libraries. The Carnegie Corporation honored the promise by granting the Trustees' requests for the funding of two more branches, the Southeast Branch in 1921 and Mount Pleasant in 1923.
One of the most distinguishing features of the building today is the murals painted during the 1930s by Aurelius Battaglia under a Works Progress Administration program. The murals depict a fantastical world where the animals take over the circus. With the lion as the ringmaster and the hippos as ballerinas, the murals may have served as studies for Walt Disney's Fantasia for which Battaglia worked as an illustrator years later.
In October 2012, the District of Columbia completed an $11.5 million renovation and expansion of the historic building. The project included expanding into a new building at the rear of the property and a glass atrium linking to two spaces. There is a new 100-person meeting room as well as dedicated space for teens. The lower level houses adult non-fiction while the main level contains adult fiction and a large collection of Spanish-language materials. The upper level is dedicated to children and includes a performance space and a dedicated space for very young children. The project removed a three-level stack of cast-iron shelving and a sunroom and aimed to reach a minimum of LEED Silver for its sustainability and energy efficiency.
In literature
Florence King spoke of going to the Library branch with her father in her memoir, Confessions of a Failed Southern Lady.
See also
District of Columbia Public Library
List of Carnegie libraries in Washington, D.C.
Mount Pleasant, Washington, D.C.
References
External links
Branch Information - DC Public Library
Friends of the Mount Pleasant Library
Photographs of the Murals
Flickr - photos of the murals
Library buildings completed in 1925
Carnegie libraries in Washington, D.C.
Edward Lippincott Tilton buildings
Renaissance Revival architecture in Washington, D.C.
Public libraries in Washington, D.C.
Works Progress Administration in the District of Columbia
Mount Pleasant (Washington, D.C.)
German submarine U-988 was a Type VIIC U-boat built for Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine for service during World War II.
She was laid down on 2 October 1942 by Blohm & Voss, Hamburg as yard number 188, launched on 3 June 1943 and commissioned on 15 July 1943 under Oberleutnant zur See Erich Dobberstein.
Design
German Type VIIC submarines were preceded by the shorter Type VIIB submarines. U-988 had a displacement of when at the surface and while submerged. She had a total length of , a pressure hull length of , a beam of , a height of , and a draught of . The submarine was powered by two Germaniawerft F46 four-stroke, six-cylinder supercharged diesel engines producing a total of for use while surfaced, two Brown, Boveri & Cie GG UB 720/8 double-acting electric motors producing a total of for use while submerged. She had two shafts and two propellers. The boat was capable of operating at depths of up to .
The submarine had a maximum surface speed of and a maximum submerged speed of . When submerged, the boat could operate for at ; when surfaced, she could travel at . U-988 was fitted with five torpedo tubes (four fitted at the bow and one at the stern), fourteen torpedoes, one SK C/35 naval gun, 220 rounds, and one twin C/30 anti-aircraft gun. The boat had a complement of between forty-four and sixty.
Service history
U-988′s career began on 15 July 1943 with training as part of the 5th U-boat Flotilla. On 8 September 1943, she collided with U-983 in the Baltic Sea north of Loba (). As a result of the collision, U-983 sank with the loss of five of her 43 crew.
U-988 began active service on 1 June 1944 as part of the 7th U-boat Flotilla.
Wolfpacks
U-988 took part in no wolfpacks.
Fate
U-988 was sunk by depth charges from a US Liberator on 22 June 1944. All hands lost after the attack.
Previously recorded fate
U-988 sent her last radio message on 18 June, informing about an air attack, and was lost with all hands thereafter, and her fate is not certain. It is believed, that U-988 attacked three ships in 27–29 June and then was sunk on 29/30 June 1944 in the English Channel west of Guernsey at at dawn by the Royal Navy frigates , , , and , after being damaged by and Royal Air Force Liberators of No. 244 Squadron.
Alternate fate
There appeared however a theory, that U-988 could have been sunk after an attack of Polish Wellington Mk XIV from 304 Squadrons, piloted by Leopold Antoniewicz, which was credited with sinking a submarine on 18 June in the approximate position . Then, the submarine sank on 29/30 June could have been U-1191.
References
Bibliography
External links
German Type VIIC submarines
1943 ships
U-boats commissioned in 1943
U-boats sunk in 1944
World War II submarines of Germany
Ships built in Hamburg
Maritime incidents in September 1943
Maritime incidents in June 1944
U-boats sunk by British warships
U-boats sunk by British aircraft
U-boats sunk by depth charges
Ships lost with all hands
World War II shipwrecks in the English Channel
Hannes Zehentner (born 6 July 1965 in Rosenheim) is a German former alpine skier who competed in the 1988 Winter Olympics.
External links
sports-reference.com
1965 births
Living people
German male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of West Germany
Alpine skiers at the 1988 Winter Olympics
People from Rosenheim
Sportspeople from Upper Bavaria
20th-century German people
The Poison Rose (released internationally as Eye for an Eye) is a 2019 American thriller film starring John Travolta and Morgan Freeman. The film was directed by George Gallo and Francesco Cinquemani. It was written by Richard Salvatore, Francesco Cinquemani, and Luca Giliberto, based on Salvatore's novel of the same title.
The film was released on May 24, 2019 by Lionsgate, and was panned by critics and audiences. The film was also a commercial failure, grossing only $323,754.
The film received the best directing international award at the Terre di Siena Film Festival.
Plot
Set in 1978, the plot centers on Los Angeles private investigator Carson Phillips. He is hired to conduct an investigation in his Texas hometown where mental facility patient Barbara Poole has been incommunicado for some time, which has her L.A.-based niece worried about her well-being.
Upon reaching the sanatorium, he notices that the staff all look nervous when he asks for her. Dr. Miles, the head doctor, is evasive and strings him along for several days. Carson never gets to see Mrs Poole.
He meets up with his ex, Jayne, and their daughter, Becky. Becky is married to the star quarterback, Happy. One night during a game, Happy suddenly dies and the police strongly suspect Becky. Jayne asks Carson for help.
Becky was being abused by Happy, but since he was the star quarterback, the police would not arrest him. Dr. Miles was killing off patients who were not financially supported by their families, Barbara Poole included, and collecting their social security money. Carson uncovers the truth and Dr. Miles is shot dead by a patient.
Carson and Jayne reconcile and he finds a bottle of cancer pills. This same substance was found in Happy's blood. He accuses her of "doing anything to protect her daughter" and realizes that she was the one who poisoned Happy. Becky comes out and asks her if she did it. At first Jayne denies everything, but then admits that she thought that Happy would kill Becky and since she herself did not have long to live, no one would be left to protect her daughter. Becky forgives her.
The movie ends with Carson stating that he was going to go home, then realizes he is home, implying he stays with his ex and daughter instead of going back to Los Angeles.
Cast
Production
Forest Whitaker was previously in talks to portray Dr. Mitchell before Brendan Fraser assumed the role.
Principal photography took place in Savannah, Georgia, in June 2018 and continued in Italy after the summer.
Release
The film was released on May 24, 2019 by Lionsgate. The film was dedicated in memory of Steve and Geraldine Salvatore, the parents of Richard Salvatore, who wrote the novel, The Poison Rose.
Reception
On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of based on reviews, with an average rating of . On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 30 out of 100, based on four critics, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews". The Guardian described it as a "ridiculous and mostly boring hardboiled thriller".
References
External links
2019 films
American crime thriller films
Films based on American novels
Films directed by George Gallo
Films shot in Georgia (U.S. state)
Lionsgate films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
The Taq-e Zafar (Persian: طاق ظفر, English: Arch of Victory) is a triumphal arch located at the front of the gardens in Paghman, Afghanistan. The famous victory arch commemorates Afghan independence after the Third Anglo-Afghan War in 1919.
History
20th Century
Construction
The monument was constructed after King Amanullah Khan and Queen Soraya Tarzi's return from Europe in 1928. Amanullah brought in foreign experts to redesign Kabul. A Turkish architect designed the victory arch. At that time, at the entrance of Paghman, they created a European-style monumental gate similar to but smaller than the Arc de Triomphe in Paris, France. Paghman turned into a holiday retreat as well as the summer capital. Its wide avenues contained fir, poplar and nut trees which flew past the arch, villas and a golf course. It was a popular place for the wealthy and the aristocrats to visit. The gardens eventually became a popular place for local and foreign tourists.
Destruction
During the Soviet–Afghan War in the 1980s, Paghman was a major battleground and it suffered from bombardment from both the Soviet-backed government and the mujahideen rebels. Most buildings were destroyed and residents had fled. Little remained of the prosperous Gardens, save for the remains of the Arc de Triomphe style arch, which had its top blown off.
Restoration and 21st century
Following the formation of the Karzai administration, the Arch was restored and was completed by May 2005. Other damaged parts of the former Gardens were also rebuilt. It once again became a popular touristic site, and is popular with residents of Kabul. There was further development in the 2010s. The park is also used for dog-fighting contests.
Design
The Victory Arch is made of white marble. Afghan calligrapher Sayed Mohammad Daud al-Hossaini designed the calligraphic inscriptions on the ceiling and walls of the arch.
Gallery
See also
Afghan Independence Day
List of post-Roman triumphal arches
References
Buildings and structures in Kabul Province
Landmarks in Afghanistan
Triumphal arches
Banian is a town and sub-prefecture in the Faranah Prefecture in the Faranah Region of Guinea. As of 2014 it had a population of 36,445 people.
La sous-préfecture de Banian est située à 65 kilomètres du centre ville de Faranah et 72 kilomètres lui séparant de la ville de Kissidougou
Elle a une superficie de 2 650 km2 avec 47000 habitants en 2021.
Composée de 26 districts et de 85 secteurs.
References
Sub-prefectures of the Faranah Region
Wim van der Eijk (born ca. 1957) is a Dutch civil servant, who held the positions of Vice-President of the European Patent Office (EPO), head of the Boards of Appeal of the EPO, known as DG3 (Directorate-General, 3, Appeals), and Chairman of the EPO Enlarged Board of Appeal from December 2011 to November 2016. Previously, he held positions at the Netherlands Patent Office and in the Ministry of Economic Affairs of the Netherlands, he served as an honorary judge at the District Court of The Hague, and he was Principal Director of Patent Law and Multilateral Affairs at the EPO.
See also
Carl Josefsson, president of the EPO Boards of Appeal since March 1, 2017
References
Living people
European Patent Organisation people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Dutch civil servants
Dutch jurists
Urceolina is a genus of South American plants in the amaryllis family, all native to Peru. It also occurs in other parts of South America.
Species
Urceolina ayacucensis Ravenna
Urceolina cuzcoensis Vargas
Urceolina fulva Herb.
Urceolina latifolia (Herb.) Benth. & Hook.f.
Urceolina microcrater Kraenzl.
Urceolina robledoana (Vargas) Traub
Urceolina urceolata (Ruiz & Pav.) Asch. & Graebn.
formerly included
Numerous names have been coined using the name Urceolina, referring to species now considered better suited to other genera (Calicharis Caliphruria Eucharis Mathieua Plagiolirion Stenomesson Urceocharis). We here provide links to help you locate appropriate information.
References
Amaryllidaceae genera
Endemic flora of Peru
Taxa named by Ludwig Reichenbach
Neos Aionas Trikomou (, "New Century Trikomou") was a Cypriot football club based in Trikomo. Founded in 1900, was playing sometimes in Second and sometimes in the Third and Fourth Division.
After the Turkish invasion of Cyprus and occupation of the city of Trikomo in 1974, the team was displaced to the southern part of the island, in Limassol. The football team dissolved in 1992 due to financial problems.
Honours
Cypriot Third Division:
Champions (1): 1973
References
Association football clubs disestablished in 1992
Defunct football clubs in Cyprus
Association football clubs established in 1900
1900 establishments in Cyprus
1992 disestablishments in Cyprus
The church of San Zan Degolà, which in Venetian dialect abbreviates for San Giovanni Decollato, in English St John (the Baptist) beheaded, is a Byzantine-Romanesque-style church and belltower in the sestiere of Santa Croce in Venice, Italy.
History
A church was built on the site in the 11th century by the Veniera family in gratitude and celebration for a Venetian victory, in which this family had participated, over the Genoese in Negroponte. In 1213, the church was restored by the Pesaro family. A later reconstruction occurred in 1713.
The church contains some of its original early medieval frescoes. Reconstructions were pursued over the centuries, and funded by noble families of Venice. The church is now also used for Russian Orthodox services in Venice.
Notes
Sources
Churches of Venice entry
11th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Italy
Roman Catholic churches in Venice
Romanesque architecture in Venice
Mount Lampert () is a mountain about west of Kelsey Cliff in the southeast part of the Guettard Range, in Palmer Land, Antarctica. It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1961–67, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Irwin Ronald Lampert, a storekeeper at South Pole Station in 1964.
References
Mountains of Palmer Land
Ngau Au () is a village in Tung Chung on Lantau Island, Hong Kong.
Administration
Ngau Au is a recognized village under the New Territories Small House Policy.
References
External links
Delineation of area of existing village Ngau Au (Tung Chung) for election of resident representative (2019 to 2022)
Villages in Hong Kong
Tung Chung
The Men's 800 metre freestyle competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held on 20 and 21 June 2022.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world and championship records were as follows.
Results
Heats
The heats were started on 20 June at 09:57.
Final
The final was held on 21 June at 18:02.
References
Men's 800 metre freestyle
Denis Streker (born 6 April 1991) is a German footballer who plays for SC Hessen Dreieich as a midfielder.
References
External links
Living people
1991 births
German footballers
Association football midfielders
SV Wehen Wiesbaden players
Eintracht Frankfurt II players
TSG 1899 Hoffenheim players
TSG 1899 Hoffenheim II players
SV Ried players
SV Gonsenheim players
Dynamo Dresden players
FSV Frankfurt players
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
3. Liga players
Austrian Football Bundesliga players
Sportspeople from Mainz
Footballers from Rhineland-Palatinate
SC Hessen Dreieich players
Hessenliga players
Aasai Alaigal () is a 1963 Indian Tamil-language drama film directed by A. S. A. Samy and produced by J. D. Fernando. The film stars S. S. Rajendran, C. R. Vijayakumari, M. R. Radha and Sowcar Janaki.
Plot
Amudha, a girl from a rich family, loves and marries Durai who is from a middle-class family. They beget two children. Amudha wants to live a lavish life whereas Durai thinks love is God. Amudha's brother Manickam spends all his share of father's wealth and comes to live with Amudha. He soon finds the difference of opinion between Amudha and her husband and tries to blow it up. In the meantime, Naganathan, a friend of Durai meets with an accident and dies. Before dying he requests Durai to take care of his wife Thangam and children. Durai works overtime to help Thangam. Manickam tells Amudha that Durai is having an affair with Thangam. As a result, Durai and Amudha fight and get separated. How the family gets together forms the rest of the story.
Cast
S. S. Rajendran as Durai Raj
C. R. Vijayakumari as Amutha
M. R. Radha as Manikkam
Sowcar Janaki as Thangam
Nagesh as Peethambaram
Kutty Padmini as Kannamma
K. Balaji as Naganathan
Gemini K. Chandra as Sundari
Sandhiya as Bhakyavathi
S. Rama Rao as Pakkiri
Baby Sumathi as Shanthi
Soundtrack
Music was composed by K. V. Mahadevan and lyrics were written by Kannadasan and Panchu Arunachalam.
Reception
Kanthan of Kalki said those expecting too much from the film would be disappointed.
References
External links
1960s Tamil-language films
1963 films
Films about rape in India
Films scored by K. V. Mahadevan
Indian black-and-white films
Indian drama films
Indian satirical films
Emcibacteraceae is a family of bacteria.
References
Alphaproteobacteria
The 2015 Chinese Women's Super League was the league's first season in its current incarnation, and the 19th total season of the women's association football league in China.
Results
Hebei Yuandong were relegated to lower-division CWFL.
References
2015
2014–15 domestic women's association football leagues
2015–16 domestic women's association football leagues
+
Strelitzia nicolai, commonly known as the wild banana or giant white bird of paradise, is a species of banana-like plants with erect woody stems reaching a height of , and the clumps formed can spread as far as .
The -long leaves are grey-green and arranged like a fan at the top of the stems, similar to Ravenala madagascariensis. The inflorescence is composed of a dark blue bract, white sepals and a bluish-purple "tongue". The entire flower can be as much as high by long, and is typically held just above the point where the leaf fan emerges from the stem. Flowers are followed by triangular seed capsules.
Strelitzia nicolai is among the few plants which have been verified to contain the pigment bilirubin, which is usually found in animals.
Distribution
Strelitzia nicolai is one of three larger Strelitzia species, the other two being tree-like S. caudata and S. alba. S. nicolai is restricted to evergreen coastal forest and thicket of eastern South Africa from the Gonubie northwards to southern Mozambique. It is also considered native to Mozambique, Botswana and Zimbabwe, and is reportedly naturalized in eastern Mexico (State of Veracruz).
Cultivation
Strelitzia nicolai is commonly grown both indoors and outdoors as well, in the case of warmer climates.
It prefers rich, moist soils with good drainage in full sun to part shade. The plant tolerates light frost. Propagation is via division of clumps, offsets and from seed. Plants require many years of growth before they begin blooming. In favourable conditions they self-seed freely, and their invasive root systems are best kept away from buildings.
Gallery
References
Botanicas' Annuals & Perennials, Random House, Sydney, 2005
Strelitziaceae
Flora of Botswana
Flora of KwaZulu-Natal
Flora of Mozambique
Flora of Zimbabwe
Taxa named by Eduard August von Regel
Taxa named by Friedrich August Körnicke
The 2022 LSU Tigers football team will represent Louisiana State University in the 2022 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The Tigers play their home games at Tiger Stadium in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, and compete in the Western Division of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). They will be led by first-year head coach Brian Kelly.
The top-ranked recruit in LSU's 2022 recruiting class is linebacker Harold Perkins.
Schedule
LSU and the SEC announced the 2022 football schedule on September 21, 2021.
Coaching staff
Game summaries
Week One: vs Florida State
Standings
Rankings
References
LSU
LSU Tigers football seasons
LSU Tigers football
Nkeiru Okoye (born July 18, 1972) is an American composer and musician. She has composed many works based on American history, including Harriet Tubman: When I Crossed That Line to Freedom, Invitation to a Die-In and "The Journey of Phillis Wheatley".
Biography
Nkeiru Okoye was born on July 18, 1972 and grew up in New York. Her mother is African American and her father was Nigerian, a member of the Igbo ethnic group. During her childhood, she spent time in both the United States and Nigeria. Okoye learned to play piano at age 8 and began writing music at age 13. Okoye went to the Preparatory Division of the Manhattan School of Music. When her parents separated, Okoye and her older sister lived with their mother on Long Island. She attended Oberlin Conservatory of Music for her undergraduate work, graduating in 1993. She then went on to Rutgers University to study with her mentor, Noel Da Costa. For a premiere at Rutgers in 1999, she conducted her composition, "The Creation", with Danny Glover narrating key parts of the work.
Work
Okoye penned her best known Voices Shouting Out in 2002. It was commissioned by Maestro Wes Kenney and the Virginia Symphony Orchestra.
In 2005, Okoye collaborated with Carolivia Herron to write a narrated work for orchestra based on the life of Phillis Wheatley called The Journey of Phillis Wheatle. Okoye used some Ghanaian influence in the work.
In 2014, Okoye's Harriet Tubman: When I Crossed That Line to Freedom was premiered by American Opera Projects. The opera looks at the life of enslaved Africans living in plantations in the South, Harriet Tubman and the music of the time period. Okoye received a grant from the National Endowment for the Arts to help her complete the work. Her opera not only highlights the life of Tubman, but also of others such as William Still and Samuel Green. Okoye said about choosing Tubman as a subject: "I wanted to write an opera about a woman who did great things and survived." The opera includes her 2006 stand-alone song cycle, "Songs of Harriet Tubman".
Her work, Invitation to a Die-In (2017) was commissioned and premiered by conductor Ng Tian Hui and the Mount Holyoke Symphony Orchestra. A second performance was with the University City Symphony Orchestra in 2018. Invitation to a Die-In was a commission in memory of Trayvon Martin and other young black men who have lost their lives to violence. The text for Invitation was written by David Cote and the performance of the work includes percussion imitating gunshots and members of the orchestra falling over as if they had been hit.
For the 250th anniversary of the founding of Charlotte, North Carolina, the Charlotte Symphony Orchestra commissioned Okoye to write an orchestral work to commemorate the city's history. The piece, reflecting the diversity of the history of the city, is 12 minutes long and called Charlotte Mecklenburg. Charlotte Mecklenburg also holds a reference to a victim of police violence, with the percussion section of the work referencing Keith Lamont Scott.
References
External links
1972 births
African-American classical composers
African-American women classical composers
African-American opera composers
American people of Igbo descent
Living people
Musicians from New York City
Oberlin College alumni
People from New York City
Rutgers University alumni
African-American women musicians
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American women
21st-century African-American women
Indomitable may refer to:
Fauna
Indomitable melipotis or Melipotis indomita, a moth found in Central America
Literature
Early drafts of Herman Melville's novel Billy Budd had the ship HMS Bellipotent named as Indomitable
"Indomitable" (short story), a short story by Terry Brooks, published in Robert Silverberg's Legends II, which serves as an epilogue to The Wishsong of Shannara
Indomitable Spirit, a book authored by A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
Military
USNS Indomitable (T-AGOS-7), U.S. Navy surveillance ship
Two warships of the Royal Navy have been named HMS Indomitable:
, the world's first battlecruiser, launched in 1907 and scrapped in 1922
, an aircraft carrier launched in 1940 and scrapped in 1955
The aircraft carrier , launched in 1980, was at one stage to be named HMS Indomitable
Sport
'The Indomitable Lions', the nickname of the Cameroon national football team
Other uses
HMS Indomitable
Indomitable (album)
Alocasia melo is a species of flowering plant in the family Araceae, native to Sabah state in Malaysia. It grows on ultramafic soils. In the houseplant trade it is often sold as "Alocasia rugosa" due to its highly rugose leaves. In fact, Alocasia rugosa is a synonym of Alocasia cucullata.
References
melo
House plants
Endemic flora of Malaysia
Flora of Sabah
Plants described in 1997
The Journal of Heredity is a peer-reviewed scientific journal concerned with heredity in a biological sense, covering all aspects of genetics. It is published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the American Genetic Association.
History
The trends in topics that have been published in the journal reflect the history of the discipline of genetics. Early issues included many papers on eugenics, particularly under the editorial leadership of the journal's first two editors-in-chief, Paul Popenoe and R. C. Cook. Emphasis on eugenics in the journal declined throughout the 1940s and 1950s as support for the topic waned in the scientific community and the general public; when Cook's daughter, Barbara Kuhn, took over as editor in 1962 after her father's 40-year service, "...the subject of eugenics was essentially dropped."
Early topics of interest included comparative color inheritance in mammals (as explored in a series of articles that served as precursors to work applying enzyme kinetics to developmental genetics), determination of the number of human chromosomes, genetic histories of a number of types of livestock (including hybridization of cattle with American bison, the discovery of salivary chromosomes in Drosophila, and "A remarkable paper by Prokofyeva-Belgovskaya, pointing out a difference between mother and daughter chromosomes in binucleate cells. This foreshadowed modern work in intestinal tumors in which there are differences between cells containing the template DNA and those with copies."
Editors-in-chief
The following persons have been editor-in-chief of the journal:
Paul Popenoe (1913–1921)
Robert C. Cook (1922–1962)
Barbara Kuhn (1963–1986)
Stephen J. O'Brien (1987–2007)
C. Scott Baker (2007–2016)
William Murphy (2017–present)
Article types
The journal publishes articles in the following categories:
Original Research
Brief Communications
Computer Notes
Letters to the Editor
and on invitation:
Reviews
Perspectives
Symposium Articles
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in:
BIOSIS Previews
Chemical Abstracts Service
Current Contents/Life Sciences
EMBASE
Index Medicus/MEDLINE/PubMed
Science Citation Index
References
External links
Genetics journals
Publications established in 1910
Oxford University Press academic journals
Hybrid open access journals
English-language journals
7 times per year journals
spamd is a Unix name for a daemon and may refer to:
OpenBSD's spamd(8), which are designed to work in conjunction with OpenBSD's Packet Filter on OpenBSD, NetBSD, FreeBSD and DragonFly BSD.
SpamAssassin mail filtering daemon
John Glenn High School is a public high school in Walkerton, Indiana. It is the only high school in the John Glenn School Corporation, which serves Walkerton and North Liberty.
John Glenn High School is a member of the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools (N.C.A.). Credits earned at John Glenn High School are accepted by all high schools and colleges in Indiana and by all schools that are members of the N.C.A. John Glenn has a First Class commissioned rating from the Indiana Department of Public Instruction.
The school was dedicated on October 20, 1968, with NASA astronaut John Glenn, for whom it is named, present. Glenn is said to have delivered an inspiring speech on the occasion.
Glenn has won 18 state spell bowl competitions.
The school's predecessor was Walkerton High School, whose first building was constructed in 1914 and housed all twelve grades. Then in 1942 a new building was constructed and the high school relocated there. When the Glenn school was constructed and occupied, the existing high school building was repurposed as the Harold C. Urey Middle School.
Academics
John Glenn is given a score of 7/10 on greatschools.org. The school has scored higher than the state averages on the End-of-Course-Assessments given by the state of Indiana.
The student-teacher ratio is slightly larger than the state average at 20 (Indiana average is 17) Source: 1NCES, 2008-2009
John Glenn offers 13 AP and college-credit courses including :
Calculus AB
Chemistry
English Literature & Composition
Government & Politics: U.S.
Physics B
John Glenn offers the following foreign languages:
Spanish
French
Chinese
Student Demographics
The ethnic make-up of John Glenn is as follows: (State Averages in parentheses)
White - 92% (73%)
Hispanic - 5% (8%)
Multiracial - 2% (4%)
Black, non-Hispanic - >1% (12%)
Asian - >1% (2%)
Native American - >1% (>1%)
Source: IN Dept. of Education, 2010-2011
Student Sub-groups
Students participating in free or reduced-price lunch program - 31% (47%)
English learners - <1% (5%)
Special education - 7% (15%)
Student Activities
The following is a list of clubs and activities available for John Glenn High School students. (Taken from the student handbook)
Academic Decathlon Team
Drama Club
Yearbook
Aerial (literary magazine)
Spanish Club
French Club
Spell Bowl Team
Art Club
F.F.A.
F.C.C.L.A.
S.A.D.D.
Student Council
Chess Club
Swing Choir
Jazz Band
Marching Band
Concert Band
Color Guard
The school's literary magazine, The Arial, was nominated for the highest award in Indiana, but ended up finishing second.
Athletics
John Glenn High School's athletic teams are the Falcons and they are part of the Northern Indiana Athletic Conference in the IHSAA. (In the era of the 1950s and thereabouts the teams were known as the Walkerton Indians.) The school is currently athletic rivals with the inter-conference team Bremen Lions of Bremen High School in Bremen. The Falcons were formerly rivals with the North Liberty Shamrocks; however, this rivalry ended after the two schools merged.
The school offers a wide range of athletics including:
Baseball
Softball
football
Basketball
Volleyball
Golf
Tennis
Soccer
Track and field
Cross Country
Notable alumni
Barry L. Houser - band director, current director of the University of Illinois Marching Illini
Marci Miller - actress and model, known for portraying Abigail Deveraux on the NBC soap opera Days of Our Lives
See also
List of high schools in Indiana
References
External links
Official website
John Glenn School Corporation
Public high schools in Indiana
Schools in St. Joseph County, Indiana
1968 establishments in Indiana
Auroracoin (Abbreviation: AUR; sign: ᚠ) is a peer-to-peer cryptocurrency launched in February 2014 as an Icelandic alternative to bitcoin and the Icelandic króna. The unknown creator or creators use the pseudonym Baldur Friggjar Óðinsson (or Odinsson). They stated that they planned to distribute half of auroracoins that would ever be created to all 330,000 people listed in Iceland's national ID database beginning on March 25, 2014, free of charge, coming out to ᚠ31.8 per person.
Auroracoin was created as an alternative currency to address the government restrictions on Iceland's króna, in place since 2008, which severely restricts movement of the currency outside the country.
History
It has been suggested that 'in many ways, Iceland could be seen as an ideal place for a virtual currency' on account of the limited use of cash, extensive familiarity with electronic finance, and extensive interest in Bitcoin in Icelandic society, coupled with the long-term instability of the króna.
It was originally based on Litecoin with a scrypt proof-of-work algorithm, but on March 8, 2016 a new codebase was released using a multi-algo architecture based on DigiByte and pioneered by Myriadcoin.
Airdrop
By using the Kennitala national identification system to give away 50% of the total issuance of Auroracoins to the population of Iceland, a process dubbed the "airdrop", the developer hoped to bootstrap a network effect and introduce cryptocurrency to a national audience.
Phase 1 of the airdrop began on March 25, 2014, with ᚠ31.8 being distributed to each claimant. With a US dollar value of $12.11 per coin on March 24, Icelanders were receiving the equivalent of US$385. Price quickly began to fall with the broad issuance of coins. Within one day of the Airdrop launch, approximately ᚠ281,000 had been distributed and price had dropped nearly 50% versus bitcoin. When phase one of the airdrop had completed on July 24, 2014 it was estimated that ᚠ1,126,674 had been disbursed among 35,430 claimants, out of a total Iceland population of 323,002 (2013).
The second phase of the airdrop ran from July 25 to November 24, 2014. With the value of AUR having fallen dramatically against the krona the amount per claim was increased to ᚠ318. About 5024 claims totalling almost ᚠ1.6 million were made.
The final phase of the airdrop took place from November 25, 2014 to March 24, 2015 with nearly ᚠ1.7 million being claimed by more than 2,600 Icelanders. By this time the price had fallen so sharply that the payout had increased to ᚠ636 per recipient.
On April 22, 2015 in accordance with the original airdrop plan, the ᚠ5,344,628 in unclaimed pre-mined coins were verifiably 'burned' or made inaccessible by being sent to the address AURburnAURburnAURburnAURburn7eS4Rf.
Foundation
The Auroracoin Foundation was launched on March 29, 2015 to spearhead further technical development and promote the use of Auroracoin in Iceland. The Foundation was granted ᚠ1,000,000 by the developer to help fund this work.
Controversy
As of 2015, the legal status of cryptocurrencies in Iceland was unclear, though the Auroracoin airdrop involved government approval of Odinsson's use of the national database of citizens, Íslykill. Some Icelandic politicians have taken a negative view of Auroracoin. During a parliamentary debate on March 14, 2014, MP Pétur Blöndal, vice-chair of the Parliament's Economic Affairs and Trade Committee (EATC), emphasized that potential tax evasion through the use of Auroracoin could impact Iceland's economy. He also said that the public should realize that Auroracoin "is not a recognized currency since no-one backs the medium".
MP Frosti Sigurjónsson, a member of the ruling Progressive Party and Chairman of the EATC, suggested in a blog post on his website that there is evidence that Auroracoin is an illegal financial "scam".
Óðinsson said that "(parliament) can make it illegal to own or trade Auroracoin, however, they will never be able to control such a decentralized system, or stop Icelanders from using the currency, without turning Iceland into a police state."
Between its peak of around ₿0.1 and November 26, 2017, Auroracoin's value fell to ₿0.00008027.
References
External links
Auroracoin Foundation official website
Cryptocurrency projects
Economy of Iceland
Currencies introduced in 2014
Sankiniana is a town in the Faranah Region of Guinea.
Populated places in the Faranah Region
The Ford Probe GTP, also sometimes called the Ford Mustang Probe GTP, was an IMSA GTP sports racing car, designed, developed and built by German constructor Zakspeed, and used by the Zakspeed Racing team in the 1985 IMSA GT Championship. It was based on the standard road-going Ford Probe, and was the successor to the Ford Mustang GTP race car.. Unlike the road car, using a conventional front-engined designed, the prototype race car used a mid-engined design (also known as a rear mid-engine design; behind the driver, but in front of the rear axle). It was powered by the same turbocharged Cosworth BDA straight-four engine, producing , which was plenty powerful enough for the lightweight vehicle. This drove the rear wheels through a five-speed Hewland VG5 manual transmission. Klaus Ludwig, Doc Bundy, Lyn St. James, Scott Pruett, Pete Halsmer, Arie Luyendyk, Tom Gloy, and Chip Robinson all drove the car. Highlights for the car included two second-place podium finishes at Watkins Glen and Sears Point in 1985, and an outright win for Klaus Ludwig at Laguna Seca in 1986.
References
IMSA GTP cars
Ford racing cars
Ford Mustang
Rear-wheel-drive vehicles
Zakspeed racing cars
Slide Mountain is a peak in the Carson Range near Reno, in Washoe County, Nevada. From the summit of Slide Mountain, Lake Tahoe, Washoe Lake, Carson Valley, and the city of Reno can be viewed.
History
Slide Mountain is named after the repeated large landslides that occur high on the mountain's south east side. The slide areas are devoid of trees and vegetation and are covered in granite rock and decomposed granite sand. This gives the barren slopes a whitish color, and the distinctive slide zones are plainly visible from points to the southeast of the mountain in Washoe Valley.
The most recent large slide occurred on May 30, 1983. The slide ran immediately into Price Lake in a small valley halfway down the mountain. The resulting slurry of granite sand, granite rock, and forest debris flowed freely down the canyon below Price Lake, and ran out on the flat floor of Washoe Valley. The debris flow severed the older US 395 highway, and partially covered the newer US 395 freeway. The slide destroyed several homes, killed one person, and injured several others. The volume of water flushed out of Price Lake was estimated to be 7 million gallons. The debris flow in the canyon was measured as 30 feet high at the bottom of the canyon, and the rock fall volume was estimated to be 1.4 million cubic yards.
Slide Mountain dominates the Reno skyline, standing above the city just to the south of its larger neighbor Mount Rose. Several ski trails and a maintenance road lead to the summit, making the hike to the top an easy one, especially from the Mount Rose Summit Campground located on State Route 431 at the Northwest base. The "Mount Rose Ski Tahoe" resort is located on Slide mountain. This leads some to believe that the mountain itself is named Mount Rose, but Mount Rose is actually approximately higher and several miles to the northwest.
Many communications towers adorn the summit, providing television, radio, emergency responder and amateur communications service to the Reno, Carson City and Lake Tahoe areas.
References
External links
Mountains of Nevada
Mountains of the Sierra Nevada (United States)
Mountains of Washoe County, Nevada
Alibey is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey. As of 2000, it had a population of 62 people.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
Richard or Dick Johnson may refer to:
Academics
Dick Johnson (academic) (1929–2019), Australian academic
Richard C. Johnson (1930–2003), professor of electrical engineering
Richard A. Johnson, artist and professor at the University of New Orleans
Richard Johnson, former director of the Birmingham Centre for Contemporary Cultural Studies
Arts and entertainment
Richard Johnson (war artist) (born 1966), Canadian journalist and war artist
Richard S. Johnson (artist) (born 1939), American painter
Richard Johnson (actor) (1927–2015), English actor
Richard Johnson (columnist), American gossip columnist
Richard Johnson (director) (born 1974), American film director who founded Joystick Films in 2005
Dick Johnson (clarinetist) (1925–2010), musician, played in the Artie Shaw band
Richard Johnson (16th century) (1573–c. 1659), romance writer
Richard B. Johnson (born 1943), Abominable Firebug author
Richard Johnson (pianist) (born 1975), American composer, jazz pianist, and music professor
Richard "Dick" Johnson, subject of the 2020 documentary Dick Johnson Is Dead
Dick Johnson, alias of the bandit Ramirez in Giacomo Puccini's La fanciulla del West
Aviation
Dick Johnson (test pilot) (1917–2002), founding member of the Society of Experimental Test Pilots in 1955
Dick Johnson (glider pilot) (1923–2008), glider pilot, aeronautical engineer and writer
Richard Johnson, test-pilot of the X-4 Bantam
Law and politics
Richard Mentor Johnson (1780–1850), American politician and vice president of the United States
Richard Johnson (mayor), American politician and city manager
Richard Johnson (judge) (1937–2019), president of the High Court of Ireland
Richard Z. Johnson (1837–1913), 2nd attorney general of the Idaho Territory
Sports
Richard Johnson (cricketer, born 1829) (1829–1851), English cricketer
Richard Johnson (cricketer, born 1974), English cricketer
Richard Johnson (cricketer, born 1979), former English cricketer
Richard Johnson (cricketer, born 1988), cricketer for Warwickshire County Cricket Club
Richard Johnson (golfer) (born 1972), Welsh professional golfer
Richard S. Johnson (golfer) (born 1976), Swedish professional golfer
Richard Johnson (rugby) (born 1985), rugby league player for Bradford Bulls
Dick Johnson (footballer) (1895–1933), English footballer
Richard Johnson (soccer) (born 1974), Australian footballer
Richard Johnson (defensive back) (born 1963), former NFL cornerback
Richard Johnson (wide receiver) (born 1961), former NFL wide receiver
Dick Johnson (racing driver) (born 1945), Australian racing driver
Dick Johnson Racing, an Australian motor racing team
Richard Johnson (jockey) (born 1977), British jockey
Richard Fulke Johnson Houghton (born 1940), British racehorse trainer
Butch Johnson (Richard Andrew Johnson, born 1955), American Olympic medalist in archery
Rich Johnson (basketball) (1946–1994), American basketball player
Dick Johnson (rugby league) (1916–1984), Australian rugby league player
Dick Johnson (sailor) (1923–2005), sailor from United States Virgin Islands
Other
Richard Johnson (chaplain) (c. 1753–1827), chaplain to first settlement in New South Wales
Richard W. Johnson (1827–1897), Civil War general
Richard Johnson (engineer) (1827–1924), British engineer, chief engineer to the Great Northern Railway
Richard W. Johnson (oceanographer) (1929–2016), American oceanographer
Richard T. Johnson (?–2015), Johns Hopkins neurologist
Richard Johnson (architect) (born 1946), Australian architect
Dick Johnson (reporter) (1953–2020), American television news anchor and reporter
Richard Johnson (entrepreneur), founder of hotjobs.com
Dick Johnson Township, Clay County, Indiana
See also
Rich Johnson (disambiguation)
Rick Johnson (disambiguation)
Ross Blyth (born 30 April 1961) is a British former alpine skier who competed in the 1980 Winter Olympics.
References
External links
1961 births
Living people
British male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Great Britain
Alpine skiers at the 1980 Winter Olympics
The Township of Ashfield–Colborne–Wawanosh is a municipality in Huron County, Ontario, Canada. It was formed as an amalgamation of the former Ashfield, Colborne and West Wawanosh townships in 2001, in an Ontario-wide local government restructuring imposed by the government of that time. The three former townships now comprise the wards of the amalgamated municipality.
Mayor of Dungannon Robert Brindley Jr.
Geography
Ashfield–Colborne–Wawanosh is located in the northwest corner of Huron County. Lake Huron is the western boundary and the Township has of Lake Huron shoreline. Its southern boundary is the Maitland River between Goderich and Auburn. The eastern border is Huron Road 22, from Auburn north to Huron Road 86 near Whitechurch. Huron Road 86 is generally the northern border of Ashfield–Colborne–Wawanosh except for the Lucknow community limits which are in Bruce County.
Communities
The township encompasses the communities of Amberley, Auburn, Benmiller, Carlow, Dungannon, Kingsbridge, Kintail, Nile, Port Albert, St. Augustine, St. Helens and Saltford.
Military history
During World War II the Royal Air Force operated No. 31 Air Navigation School as part of the British Commonwealth Air Training Plan on Highway 21 near Port Albert. The school relocated from Great Britain to RCAF Station Port Albert on 18 November 1940 and closed on 17 February 1945.
The site was later used as a race car track and in 2013 is farmland.
There is a memorial cairn and plaque at 83700 Highway 21. The airfield was located across the road from the cairn at
. The Huron Country Museum in nearby Goderich, Ontario has an extensive collection of artifacts from No. 31 ANS.
Transportation
Highway 21 travels through the western portion of the township.
Huron Road 1 proceeds north from Benmiller through Carlow then Lucknow.
Goderich Municipal Airport is also located in the Township of ACW.
Huron Road 25 proceeds east from Highway 21 to the edge of ACW at Huron Road 22 in Auburn.
Facilities
Municipal offices are located west of Carlow (82133 Council Line), north-east of Goderich at the south end of the township.
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Ashfield–Colborne–Wawanosh had a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
See also
List of municipalities in Ontario
List of townships in Ontario
References
External links
Township municipalities in Ontario
Lower-tier municipalities in Ontario
Municipalities in Huron County, Ontario
BCATP
Military history of Canada during World War II
Garland County is located in the U.S. state of Arkansas. As of the 2020 census, the population was 100,180. The county seat is Hot Springs.
Garland County comprises the Hot Springs, AR Metropolitan Statistical Area. The county includes Hot Springs National Park, the only national park in the state of Arkansas as well as the first property to be protected under federal legislation. A law was passed in 1832 supported by President Andrew Jackson to preserve this area, even before Arkansas was admitted as a state.
History
This area was occupied by the historic Natchitoches people, who frequented the hot springs for their healing powers. Their ancestors among regional indigenous peoples had been coming to this area for thousands of years before their time.
After acquiring the Louisiana Territory in 1803, which had been controlled by French and Spanish officials, President Thomas Jefferson requested William Dunbar, a planter and amateur scientist of Natchez, Mississippi, to explore this area. Dunbar led small group of a dozen soldiers and friend George Hunter, a chemist, to the Ouachita Mountains to report on the Indian tribes, minerals, and springs. They reached Hot Springs in December 1804, where they found a basic cabin used by visitors to the springs.
The first European-American settler was Jean Pierre Emanuel Prudhomme, a descendant of French colonists. An owner of a plantation at Red River, Prudhomme was suffering from illness and sought relief from the springs. In 1807 he built the first permanent European house by the springs, living here for two years. Isaac Cates and John Percival, two trappers from Alabama, joined him. Percival foresaw a great potential for the area and built log cabins in order to rent to visitors to the springs.
In 1828, Ludovicus Belding came with wife and children to visit the hot springs. After a few months they built a small hotel for the visitors of the springs.
In 1832 President Andrew Jackson signed legislation to protect the hot springs area for recreational use by American citizens as Hot Springs Reservation, the first time such action was taken. This was four years before Arkansas became a state, on June 15, 1836. A dispute among original settlers and their descendants over control of the property was settled by the US Supreme Court in 1877 in favor of the federal government. Hot Springs National Park was established in 1921 and is managed by the National Park Service.
Garland County is Arkansas' 68th county, formed during the Reconstruction era on April 5, 1873, from portions of Hot Spring, Montgomery, and Saline counties. It was named for Augustus H. Garland, eleventh governor of Arkansas. It is the only county in the United States with this name.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (7.7%) is water.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 70
U.S. Highway 270
Highway 5
Highway 7
Highway 88
Adjacent counties
Perry County (north)
Saline County (east)
Hot Spring County (south)
Montgomery County (west)
Yell County (northwest)
National protected areas
Hot Springs National Park
Ouachita National Forest (part)
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 100,180 people, 41,743 households, and 26,006 families residing in the county.
2000 census
As of the 2000 United States Census, there were 88,068 people, 37,813 households, and 25,259 families residing in the county. The population density was 130 people per square mile (50/km2). There were 44,953 housing units at an average density of 66 per square mile (26/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 88.85% White, 7.80% Black or African American, 0.61% Native American, 0.50% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 0.72% from other races, and 1.49% from two or more races. 2.56% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 37,813 households, out of which 25.10% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.20% were married couples living together, 10.10% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.20% were non-families. 28.80% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.50% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.78.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 21.30% under the age of 18, 7.30% from 18 to 24, 25.20% from 25 to 44, 25.10% from 45 to 64, and 21.20% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females there were 94.40 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.80 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $31,724, and the median income for a family was $38,079. Males had a median income of $28,117 versus $20,421 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,631. About 10.50% of families and 14.60% of the population were below the poverty line, including 22.70% of those under age 18 and 8.60% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Hot Springs (county seat)
Mountain Pine
Towns
Fountain Lake
Lonsdale
Census-designated places
Crystal Springs
Hot Springs Village
Lake Hamilton
Pearcy
Piney
Rockwell
Unincorporated communities
Royal
Bear
Jessieville
Townships
Government and politics
Over the past few election cycles Garland County has trended heavily towards the GOP. The last Democrat to carry this county was Arkansas “favorite son” Bill Clinton in 1996.
See also
List of lakes in Garland County, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Garland County, Arkansas
References
External links
Garland County government's website
Hot Springs, Arkansas Community Guides • What to do and where to find it in Hot Springs, Arkansas.
Garland County Sheriff's Department
1873 establishments in Arkansas
Populated places established in 1873
Lucas Finazzi (born 18 August 1990) is an Italian Brazilian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Italian Serie D club A.C.D. Campodarsego.
Career
Born in Cuiabá, Mato Grosso state, Brazil, Finazzi started his Italian career in A.C. ChievoVerona along with his brother Thiago. Lucas was a member of the reserve from 2007 to 2010 in national "spring" league. Since 2010, L.Finazzi left for Lumezzane in temporary deal along with Roberto Inglese.
On 11 July 2012, Finazzi signed a season-long loan deal with Serie B side Brescia Calcio. The loan deal was renewed on 10 July 2013.
On 28 August 2014 Finazzi was signed by Serie C club Grosseto. on 10 January 2015 he left for fellow third division club Cremonese in temporary deal.
References
External links
Football.it Profiles
1990 births
Brazilian emigrants to Italy
People from Cuiabá
Living people
Italian footballers
Association football midfielders
A.C. ChievoVerona players
F.C. Lumezzane V.G.Z. A.S.D. players
Brescia Calcio players
F.C. Grosseto S.S.D. players
U.S. Cremonese players
A.S. Melfi players
U.S. Gavorrano players
U.S. Triestina Calcio 1918 players
Virtus Francavilla Calcio players
Cuiabá Esporte Clube players
Serie B players
Serie C players
Serie D players
Reason is a song by Belgian recording artist Selah Sue. It was written by Sue, Clément Dumoulin, Birsen Uçar, and Robin Hannibal for her same-titled second studio album (2015), while production was helmed by the latter. Distributed by Warner Music Group, it was released as the album's second single by Because Music on February 16, 2015
Charts
Weekly charts
References
External links
SelahSue.com – official website
Lyrics of this song - Reason
2015 songs
2015 singles
Selah Sue songs
Songs written by Robin Hannibal
Because Music singles
Songs written by Selah Sue
Three Tuns is the name of:
Three Tuns Brewery, in Bishop's Castle, Shropshire
Three Tuns, Pennsylvania, a community in the United States
Three Tuns, Uxbridge, a pub in London
The Three Tuns, a pub in York
Bodrigan is a house near Wenford in the Camel Valley, north Cornwall.
References
Houses in Cornwall
Robert Mathias Stefik (October 8, 1923 – April 9, 2008) was a professional American football player.
Biography
Stefik was born Robert Mathias Stefik on October 8, 1923, in Madison, Wisconsin.
Career
Stefik was a member of the Buffalo Bills of the All-America Football Conference in 1948. He played at the collegiate level at Niagara University.
References
External links
Sportspeople from Madison, Wisconsin
Players of American football from Wisconsin
Buffalo Bills (AAFC) players
Niagara Purple Eagles football players
1923 births
2008 deaths
Satyavedu is a town in Tirupati district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It borders the state of Tamil Nadu on its southern part. It is located 60 km north of Chennai metropolitan citiy. It is also connected with Sri City on its exterior area. It is one of mandals in Sullurupeta revenue division and headquarters of Satyavedu mandal.
Demographics
As per 2011 census, the town has total population of 52,979 constituting 25,995 males and 28,984 females. It is a part of Satyavedu Constituency, which has a total population of 2,77,010.
References
Towns in Tirupati district
Mandal headquarters in Tirupati district
Bruno Roux (born 1 July 1963) is a French football manager and former professional player who played as a forward. As of the 2021–22 season, he is the head coach of Départemental 1 club US Ribécourt.
International career
Roux was an Olympic international for France.
Personal life
Bruno's son, Nolan, is also a professional footballer.
Honours
Player
Le Havre
Division 2: 1990–91
Manager
Beauvais
Championnat de France Amateur: 2005–06
Notes
References
External links
1963 births
Living people
People from Noyon
Sportspeople from Oise
French footballers
Association football forwards
AS Beauvais Oise players
Paris Saint-Germain F.C. players
FC Rouen players
Le Havre AC players
Stade Rennais F.C. players
LB Châteauroux players
Red Star F.C. players
French Division 3 (1971–1993) players
Ligue 2 players
Ligue 1 players
French football managers
Association football coaches
Stade Malherbe Caen non-playing staff
AS Beauvais Oise non-playing staff
AS Beauvais Oise managers
AFC Compiègne managers
Championnat National 2 managers
Championnat National managers
Championnat National 3 managers
Footballers from Hauts-de-France
The Kurdistan Region Security Council (Kurdish: Encumena Asayîşa Herêma Kurdistanê, ئەنجومەنی ئاسایشی هەرێمی کوردستان) or KRSC is a high-level national security council in Kurdistan Region.
History
It was established on 2 May 2011 pursuant to Law 4 of 2011 passed by the Kurdistan Parliament. The body is responsible for inter alia a unified security policy and coordination between security services, military intelligence and existing intelligence agencies.
Chancellor appointment
The council is part of the region's presidency and is headed by a chancellor appointed by the president of the Kurdistan Region. In July 2012 Masrour Barzani, former head of the Kurdistan Region Security Protection Agency and leading member of the ruling Kurdistan Democratic Party, was appointed as Chancellor by Kurdistan Region President Masoud Barzani.
War on ISIL
In wake of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant offensive against the Kurdistan Region in August 2014, KRSC has been coordinating international coalition airstrikes against ISIL positions. In April and May it announced the arrest of several individuals connected to a car bomb attack near the US Consulate General in Erbil by the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant.
Hawija Operation
On 22 October 2015, the Directorate of Counterterrorism (CTD), part and parcel of the Kurdistan Region Security Council, conducted an operation in Hawija backed by US Special Operations Forces. During the operation, they rescued 69 hostages, killed more than 20 ISIL terrorists and captured 6 others. During the course of the operation, a US service member, Master Sgt. Joshua L. Wheeler, was killed. The Kurdistan Region Security Council says its intelligence indicated the hostages, including Peshmerga officers, were to be executed the following morning as mass graves were prepared nearby. It announced there were no Kurds or Peshmerga among the rescued hostages. US Secretary of Defense Asht Carter called the raid 'life-saving' and expected more similar raids with Kurdish partners.
Carter added Kurdish forces have collected valuable intelligence, including documents and electronics.
Operation Free Sinjar
The battle for Sinjar - code-named Operation Free Sinjar - was a large offensive supervised by the President of the Kurdistan Region in November 2015. The operation included over 7,500 Peshmerga, backed by international coalition warplanes, against ISIL positions in and around Sinjar.
Before beginning their attack, Peshmerga forces were positioned in three strategic fronts North, East and West of Mount Sinjar to sever Highway 47, a strategic ISIL supply route to move supplies between Iraq and Syria. According to Kurdish authorities, the objectives were also to cordon off the area by creating a buffer zone South of Sinjar and to then enter and clear the city.
Coalition warplanes began pounding ISIL positions at 2100hrs on 11 November ahead of a ground offensive at 0600hrs on 12 November. Having achieved all three strategic objectives, the operation concluded at approximately 1500hrs on 13 November. The Kurdistan Region Security Council announced more than 28 villages were retaken in an area measuring over 200 square kilometers, and 300 ISIL fighters were killed throughout battle.
Media Coverage
The Kurdistan Region Security Council announced that more than 40 local, regional and international media outlets were invited and embedded with Peshmerga units across the fronts in preparation for this offensive.
A hash tag - #FreeSinjar - was preplanned as part of the operation to generate global traction and overshadow the ISIL narrative on social media.
Rescue of Marlin Stivani Nivarlain
On 17 February 2016, Kurdish authorities announced special forces rescued a Swedish young woman from ISIL captivity. Marlin Stivani Nivarlain, 16 from Borås, was believed to have been misled by an ISIL member to travel to Syria and later to Mosul to join the group.
The Kurdistan Region Security Council said it was called upon by Swedish authorities and members of Nivarlain's family to assist in rescuing her.
Kurdish special forces are part of the Directorate General of Counter-Terrorism, which operates under the Kurdistan Region Security Council.
References
Government agencies established in 2011
National security councils
Politics of Kurdistan Region (Iraq)
Bayou Rouge Baptist Church is a historic church located at the corner of Church Street and Barron Lane in Evergreen, Louisiana.
Built in 1859, the frame, 5 bay basilican plan church with a semihexagonal chancel is a classic example of a Greek Revival country church, which could be found in rural parishes from the 1830s to the Civil War. Although these churches are common in the eastern United States, there are few examples still standing in Louisiana.
The church was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. The information on the Historical Registry is inaccurate. The current church was built in 1859. It is not the site of the original church established in 1841 at a different location which is in a field off of Stubblefield Road. The graves remain at the original location where it is overgrown. Very few headstones are visible. While courthouse records from 1838 show that the land was sold for a "preaching house" or "house of worship", the land surrounding the original site has changed hands over the years. While there is a right-of-way that was established, the current owner (as of April 2019) was unaware when presented with this information.
The church, at present (date being February 2020), is scheduled for a major renovation.
Much new information has surfaced on those interred in the cemetery since the last book was written in 1990 and transcripts listed online in 2010.
References
<ref>Michelle C. Armand, Bayou Rouge Baptist Church Historian
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Avoyelles Parish, Louisiana
Baptist churches in Louisiana
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Louisiana
Greek Revival church buildings in Louisiana
Churches completed in 1859
Churches in Avoyelles Parish, Louisiana
National Register of Historic Places in Avoyelles Parish, Louisiana
The Goonoo Important Bird Area is a 1034 km2 tract of wooded land in New South Wales, Australia. It lies between the towns of Dubbo, Gilgandra and Dunedoo, about 200 km north-west of Sydney. Formerly the Goonoo State Forest, much of the land is now within the Goonoo State Conservation Area (538 km2) and the adjacent Goonoo National Park (91 km2). The Important Bird Area (IBA) also includes (18 km2) of the Coolbaggie Nature Reserve.
Description
Goonoo IBA is mainly box-ironbark-callitris woodland with patches of mallee. It is surrounded by farmland. Past forest management involved logging the larger box trees to promote the growth of cypress pine and ironbark, but the site is now managed primarily for conservation. Much of the area was burned in fires in 2007.
Birds
The site was identified as an IBA because it supports an isolated population of the vulnerable malleefowl as well as populations of diamond firetails and painted honeyeaters. It also supports glossy black-cockatoos, Gilbert's whistlers, and the easternmost, isolated, population of yellow-plumed honeyeaters.
References
Important Bird Areas of New South Wales
Central West (New South Wales)
Six Months of Life (Spanish:Seis meses de vida) is a 1951 Venezuelan drama film directed by Víctor Urruchúa.
Cast
Hermelinda Alvarado
Amador Bendayan
Francisco Bernalche
Aldo Bogni
América Bravo
Pedro Contreras
Camelia Coronado
Herminia de Martucci
Lilia del Valle
Mireya Delgado
Ildemaro Garcia
Max Gil
Helvia Hazz de Zapata
Norberto Juz
José Labarrera
Rafael Lanzetta
Carlos Latorre
Edda Margolis
Carmen Mendoza
Héctor Monteverde
Juan Olaguivel
Saúl Peraza
Jorge Reyes
Pedro M. Risson
Francisco Rodríguez
Aldemaro Romero
José Luis Sarzalejo
Carmen Seyer
Marco Strodi
Víctor Urruchúa
Pura Vargas
Ramón Zavalsa
References
Bibliography
Darlene J. Sadlier. Latin American Melodrama: Passion, Pathos, and Entertainment. University of Illinois Press, 2009.
External links
1951 films
1951 drama films
Venezuelan drama films
1950s Spanish-language films
Venezuelan black-and-white films
Gonimbrasia belina is a species of emperor moth which is native to the warmer parts of southern Africa. Its large edible caterpillar, known as the mopane worm, madora, amacimbi or masontja, feeds primarily but not exclusively on mopane tree leaves. Mopane worms are an important source of protein for many in the region. The species was first described by John O. Westwood in 1849.
Vernacular names
The mopane worm is so-called in English because it is usually found on the mopane tree, Colophospermum mopane. Other vernacular names for the caterpillars include:
Botswana
Kalanga: mahonja
South Africa
(colloq)
or
Zambia
muyaya (believed to be the mopane worm)
finkubala
ifishimu (proper name in the Bemba language)
Zimbabwe
, or mashonja
Kalanga: mahonja
Namibia
Ovambo: omagungu
Oshikwanyama:oshuungu
Democratic Republic of the Congo
The Latin name is sometimes given as Imbrasia belina, rather than Gonimbrasia belina.
Identification
The moths are large with a wingspan of 120 mm. Wings are fawned coloured through shades of green and brown to red, with two black and white bands isolating the eyespots. An orange eyespot is present on each hindwing. Males moths have feathery antennae, which are used to find a mate. Larvae are black, peppered with round scales in indistinct alternating whitish green and yellow bands, and armed with short black or reddish spines covered in fine white hairs.
Biology
Larvae eat a wide range of plants including mopane, Carissa grandiflora, Diospyros, Ficus, Rhus, Sclerocarya caffra, Terminalia and Trema. Mopane worm outbreaks defoliate shrubs, depriving game of browse.
Habitat
Widespread. Very common in semi-desert, bushveld and grassland.
Life cycle
Like most caterpillars, the mopane worm's life cycle starts when it hatches in the summer, after which it proceeds to eat the foliage in its immediate vicinity. As the larva grows, it moults four times in its five larval stages, after which the mopane worm is considered most desirable for harvesting. Provided that the larva has not been harvested after its fourth moult, it burrows underground to pupate, the stage at which it undergoes complete transformation to become the adult moth. This stage happens over winter, for a duration of 6 to 7 months, whereafter it emerges at the beginning of summer (November or December).
The adult moths live only for three to four days, during which time they mate and lay their eggs.
Predators
Like many animals lower down on the food chain, the mopane worms and their eggs often fall prey to various predators as well as disease. Often, more than 40% of a mopane worm's eggs will be attacked by various parasites, and the caterpillars themselves are susceptible to infection from a virus that has a high mortality rate. The worms' main predators are various birds and humans, which rely on the caterpillars for sustenance.
Diet
Although the mopane worm feeds chiefly on the mopane tree, it is not limited to this diet, and can feed on many other trees that are indigenous to the same regions, including the leaves of the mango tree. Thus the mopane worm is scattered over a fairly large area. As the larval stage of the mopane worm is fairly short, in contrast to other browsing caterpillars, the extensive damage to foliage is easily survived by the tree, in time to be replenished for the next generation of mopane worms. Like most caterpillars, the mopane worm is a voracious eater, and will continue to eat - almost non-stop - until it reaches the next stage of its life cycle, when it burrows underground to undergo metamorphosis.
As food
Mopane worms are hand picked in the wild, often by women and children. In the bush, the caterpillars are not considered belonging to the landowner (if any), but around a house, permission should be sought from the resident. Chavanduka describes women in Zimbabwe tying a piece of bark to particular trees to establish ownership, or moving the young caterpillars to trees nearer home. When the caterpillar has been picked, it is pinched at the tail end to rupture the innards. The picker then squeezes it like a tube of toothpaste or lengthwise like a concertina, and whips it to expel the slimy, green contents of the gut.
Preserving
The traditional method of preserving mopane worms is to boil them without adding any extra water after washing and adding a significant amount of salt. They are then dried in the sun or smoked, whereby they gain extra flavour. The industrial method is to can the caterpillars (usually in brine). Tins of mopane worms can be found in rural supermarkets and markets around southern Africa.
Eating
Dried mopane worms can be eaten raw as a crisp snack; however, in Botswana people tend not to eat the head. Alternatively, mopane worms can be soaked to rehydrate, before being fried until they are crunchy, or cooked with onion, tomatoes and spices and then served with pap or sadza. The flesh is yellow, and the gut may still contain fragments of dried leaf, which is not harmful to humans. The taste of dried leaves, if not removed, is somewhat reminiscent of tea leaves. Dried mopane worms are frequently canned/packaged in tomato sauce or chili sauce to enhance the flavour.
In November 2015, a Cornell team of food scientists placed third in Brisbane, Australia, at the 2015 Global Business Challenge, by presenting the economic and nutritional benefits of transforming proteins from mopane worms into food.
Farming and economics
The harvesting and sale of mopane worms is a multi-million rand industry in southern Africa. The principal producers are Botswana, Namibia, South Africa (Limpopo Province and Mpumalanga) and Zimbabwe. Typically, the caterpillars are not bred, but picked wherever they occur naturally. It is one of the region's most economically important insects. In the 1990s, hundreds of tons were exported from Botswana and South Africa each year. It is estimated that South Africa alone trades 1.6 million kilogrammes of mopane worm annually, and that Botswana's involvement in this industry nets it roughly $8 million annually.
Mopane worms are considered to be a profitable harvest, as a mere three kilograms of feed (mopane leaves) will generally yield one kilogram of mopane worms: in contrast, cattle farming requires ten kilograms of feed to generate one kilogram of beef; thus the worms are a low-cost, low-maintenance, high-protein food source.
Harvesting
Traditionally, mopane worms were harvested for subsistence. Because of the seasonal nature of the occurrence of these edible caterpillars, they are not a year-round food source. However, traditional mopane worm harvesting is evolving to be more commercially driven.
Since the 1950s, commercial farming methods have been applied to the mopane worm harvests, particularly in South Africa. Collectors may organise teams of hundreds of people to handpick the caterpillars from the trees, after which they are bagged en masse, weighed, and sent off to be processed. Owners of land where mopane worms are found may charge harvesters large fees to enter. Whereas this relationship profits both the commercial harvester and the farmer, it is often to the detriment of the local community for whom the caterpillars may previously have been an important source of food and seasonal income.
Sustainability
As mopane worms represent an important sector in the local rural economy, they attract large numbers of people who seek to cash in on the profits from selling the insects as food. This circumstance leads to overharvesting, and fewer mopane worms the following year. In some areas, farmers and communities have taken steps to reach a balance, so that each year may yield maximum returns without compromising the following year's harvest.
Fears of competition
A sure sign of the presence of mopane worms is defoliation of mopane woodland - sometimes around ninety per cent of leaves. Fenced-in browsing animals may rely on the mopane, and on other trees favoured by the caterpillars, as an important part of their diet. Some farmers therefore view the mopane worm as competition for their livestock, and attempt to eradicate the "pest" with insecticides and the like. However, the caterpillar season is short, and the trees sprout the new, tender foliage which browsers prefer, so this problem can be managed in other ways, for example, by working to mutual benefit with the local caterpillar harvesters who will control the worms by harvesting them.
Recolonisation
Some areas once rich in mopane worms are now barren due to over harvesting and lack of a proper sustainable approach to commercial mopane worm farming. A good case is in Nkayi District, Zimbabwe, where most mopane woodland areas once produced a high population of these worms; but the harvests have decreased drastically. Suggestions of how to reintroduce the worms to these areas include re-colonisation. As the adult moth lives only three to four days, during which it must mate and lay eggs, there is only a small window of opportunity to relocate them. If this stage was to be successfully completed, collaboration with local farmers and communities would be required to ensure that the caterpillars are not harvested for a set number of years. It would thus be ensured that the area is adequately repopulated, so that a sustainable harvest is created for the future.
Domestication
Those in the business have considered domesticating the mopane worms in a manner that is similar to the domestication of silkworms. The industry would thus be less susceptible to the pitfalls that are associated with it, such as climate change, drought and other factors that could compromise a harvest. For a domesticated industry to succeed on a small scale and be accessible to the poorest of the poor, the cost of production would have to be comparable with the cost of wild worms or dried worms at the market.
Processing
A Mopani Processing centre has been built in Dzumeri, some 34 kilometres from Giyani. The centre was funded by the Council of Scientific and industrial Research (CSIR). In full operation, the Centre should be able to produce large quantities of a variety of mopani snacks and mopani polony.
References
Further reading
Food Insects Site includes The Food Insects Newsletter
DeFoliart, Gene. The Human Use of Insects as a Food Resource: A Bibliographic Account in Progress.
Hannaway, Francis. (2017) Basankusu: Tasty Caterpillars end the Hunger Games
Mopane Worm Life Cycle and Metamorphosis
Mopane Woodlands and the Mopane Worm
External links
Homepage of Arne Larsen Photographs of a mopane worm outbreak
Saturniinae
Moths of Africa
Moths described in 1849
Edible insects
Botswana cuisine
Namibian cuisine
South African cuisine
Zimbabwean cuisine
Insects in culture
Taxa named by John O. Westwood
The 65 Division is a division of the Sri Lanka Army. Established on 15 Dec 2008, the division is currently based in Alankulam near Thunukkai in the Northern Province. The division is a part of Security Forces Headquarters – Kilinochchi and has three brigades and eight battalions. Brigadier K.A.W Kumarapperuma USP is the current commander of the division.
Organisation
The division is currently organised as follows:
651 Brigade (based in Pooneryn, Northern Province)
19th Battalion, Sri Lanka Light Infantry
11th Volunteer Battalion, Gajaba Regiment (based in Mulankavil, Northern Province)
652 Brigade (based in Anaivilunthankulam, Northern Province)
20th Volunteer Battalion, Vijayabahu Infantry Regiment
7th Battalion, Sri Lanka National Guard
653 Brigade (based in Alankulam, Northern Province)
10th Battalion, Sri Lanka Light Infantry
21st Volunteer Battalion, Sri Lanka Light Infantry
References
2008 establishments in Sri Lanka
Infantry units and formations of Sri Lanka
Military units and formations established in 2008
Organisations based in Northern Province, Sri Lanka
Sri Lanka Army divisions
is a passenger railway station in located in the city of Kyōtango, Kyoto Prefecture, Japan, operated by the private railway company Willer Trains (Kyoto Tango Railway).
Lines
Kumihama Station is a station of the Miyazu Line, and is located 72.0 kilometers from the terminus of the line at Nishi-Maizuru Station.
Station layout
The station has one ground-level island platform and one ground-level side platform connected to the station building by a footbridge. The station is attended.
Platforms
Adjacent stations
History
The station was opened on December 15, 1929. The station building was reconstructed in 1991
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2018, the station was used by an average of 82 passengers daily.
Surrounding area
Kyōtango City Hall, Kumihama Government Building
Former Kumihama Town Hall
Kumihama Onsen
Kyōtango City Kumihama Elementary School
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Official home page
Railway stations in Kyoto Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1929
Kyōtango
Renaud de Dammartin (Reginald of Boulogne) (c. 1165 – 1227) was Count of Boulogne from 1190, Count of Dammartin from 1200 to 1214 and Count of Aumale from 1204 to 1214. He was son of Alberic III of Dammartin and Mathilde of Clermont.
Brought up at the French court, he was a childhood friend of Philip Augustus. At his father's insistence he fought for the Plantagenets. Received back into Philip's favour, he married Marie de Châtillon, daughter of Guy II de Châtillon and Adèle of Dreux, a royal cousin.
In 1191, Renaud's father, Alberic, kidnapped and had Renaud marry Ida, Countess of Boulogne. The County of Boulogne thereby became vassal to the French king, rather than the count of Flanders. While this marriage made Renaud a power, it also made enemies in the Dreux family and that of the count of Guînes, who had been betrothed to Ida.
In 1203, Renaud and his wife gave a merchant's charter to Boulogne. This was probably made for financial consideration. Philip made Renaud Count of Aumale the following year, but Renaud began to detach himself. Following the acquisition of Normandy in April 1204, King Philip granted Renaud the county of Mortain and the honor of Warenne which was centered on the fortresses of Mortemer and Bellencombre. Both Mortain and Warenne had been held by William I of Boulogne and it would appear that King Philip recognized the Boulogne claim to them.
In 1211, he refused to appear before Philip in a legal matter, a suit with Philippe de Dreux, bishop of Beauvais. Philip II seized his lands and on 4 May 1212 at Lambeth, Dammartin made an agreement with King John who had also lost possessions to Philip. Renaud brought other continental nobles, including the Count of Flanders, into a coalition with John against Philip. In return he was given several fiefs in England and an annuity. Each promised not to make a separate peace with France.
With the Emperor Otto IV and Ferdinand of Flanders, he took part in the attack on France in 1214 culminating in the Battle of Bouvines. Commanding the Brabançons, he was on the losing side, but was one of the last to surrender, and refused submission to Philip Augustus. His lands were taken away, and given to Philip Hurepel. Renaud was kept imprisoned at Péronne for the rest of his life, which ended in suicide. His daughter Matilda II was married to Philip Hurepel.
References
Sources
External links
Historique Boulogne
1160s births
1227 deaths
Counts of Boulogne
Counts of Dammartin
Counts of Aumale
House of Dammartin
Counts of Mortain
Misamis Occidental Aquamarine Park is a tropical resort and a prominent habitat for various marine mammals in Mindanao, Philippines. Located in the boundaries of municipalities of Tudela, Misamis Occidental and Sinacaban, Misamis Occidental. Currently, it features a wildlife park that houses a wide array of animals, most are native to the Philippines. It also features hotel accommodations of hut-style suite cottages that line the mangroves. There is a restaurant located within the park itself.
Currently, the Dolphin Island is undergoing rehabilitation and temporarily closed to visitors until further notice.
Amenities
Getting There
The aquamarine park is readily accessible by air either via Labo Airport in nearby Ozamiz City (22 minutes away) or Dipolog Airport (2 hours and 30 minutes away) which serves the nearby Zamboanga del Norte province. Both airports have domestic flights to and from Manila and Cebu. There are also direct transfer flights via the Manila's Ninoy Aquino International Airport that readily connect the park to other destinations in the world.
References
External links
Homepage of MOAP
Philippinenportal Pictures
http://www.the-philippines.de/mindanao-moap-aquamarine-park/
More Pictures and Information (German)
Resorts in the Philippines
Geography of Misamis Occidental
Tourist attractions in Misamis Occidental
Misamis Occidental
Marine parks of the Philippines
Baruch ben Samuel (died April 25, 1221), also called Baruch of Mainz to distinguish him from Baruch ben Isaac, was a Talmudist and prolific payyeṭan, who flourished in Mainz at the beginning of the thirteenth century.
Writings
He was a pupil of Moses ben Solomon ha-Kohen of Mainz, Eliezer ben Samuel of Metz and Judah ben Kalonymus; the judicial sentences of all he frequently cites. Baruch was one of the most eminent German rabbis of his time, and one of the leading signatories of the Takkanot Shum. Several of his responsa have been preserved in the German collections; most of them refer to the rabbinic civil law. His Sefer ha-Ḥokmah (Book of Wisdom), still extant in the time of Bezalel ben Abraham Ashkenazi, but now lost, appears also to have been largely legal in character. Early writers cite also a commentary by Baruch on the treatise Nedarim, which was lost at an early date.
Of Baruch's poetical activity more is known. His penitential poems and dirges, as well as his hymns for the Sabbath and for weddings, which made him one of the most popular of the payyeṭanim, were incorporated into the German and the Polish rituals. Baruch displays a great command of language; the seliḥot, in particular, being frequently characterized by genuine poetic fervor. The following is a specimen of these poems, translated into English from a German version by Zunz:
"Jeshurun's God, beyond compare, Enthroned above the clouds, Who dwelleth in the heavens high, Yet still on earth is ever nigh; Mid tears and sadness, songs and gladness, To Him my gaze I turn, Who all my feeling, thought, and action, Is ever sure to learn."
Children
Rabbi Samuel ben Baruch of Bamberg studied under his father and Eliezer b. Samuel of Metz who also became a tosafist.
Similar names
Baruch, the subject of this article, should not be confounded with Baruch of Greece, a Tosafist quoted several times in the Tosafot and in Mordecai (compare List of Tosafists).
Jewish Encyclopedia bibliography
Azulai, Shem ha-Gedolim, ed. Wilna, i. 38;
Kohn, Mordecai ben Hillel, p. 102;
Michael, Or ha-Ḥayyim, No. 637;
Grätz (who, without good reason, considered the payyeṭan Baruch, who died in 1221, as not identical with Baruch, author of Sefer ha-Ḥokmah, who, according to Grätz, was still living in 1223), Gesch. der Juden, vii. 21;
Zunz, S. P. pp. 268–270 (contains a translation of two pieces);
idem, Literaturgesch. pp. 306–309;
idem, Z. G. pp. 54, 55, 59, 193;
idem, Monatstage, xxii.;
Landshuth, Ammude ha'Abodah, p. 55.L. G.
13th-century German rabbis
1221 deaths
Rabbis from Mainz
Jewish poets
German Orthodox rabbis
Year of birth unknown
Authors of books on Jewish law
Oscar Ferdinand Bjornson (February 14, 1906 in Glenboro, Manitoba – August 13, 1972) was a politician in Manitoba, Canada. He served as a Progressive Conservative member of the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba from 1959 to 1969.
The son of Magnus Bjornson, Bjornson was educated at the Kelvin Technical High School, and worked as an accountant and service manager. In 1925, he married Idella Moland. He was an officer of Lavoie Motors Ltd. in Lac du Bonnet. Bjornson served for fifteen years with Ford Motor Company of Canada, and Ford Motor Company of India. During World War 2, he served as a technical adviser to the government of India.
He was first elected to the Manitoba legislature in the 1959 provincial election, defeating Liberal-Progressive John Ateah by 85 votes in Lac du Bonnet. He was re-elected over Ateah by a greater margin in the 1962 election, and defeated Liberal James Desilets by 80 votes in the 1966 election. He served as a backbench supporter of Premiers Dufferin Roblin and Walter Weir during his time in office.
Bjornson did not run for re-election in the 1969 election, after redistribution significantly changed the Lac du Bonnet riding.
He died in Calgary, Alberta and was buried in Lac du Bonnet.
References
1906 births
1972 deaths
Progressive Conservative Party of Manitoba MLAs
Canadian people of Icelandic descent
The Little Yaquina River is a minor tributary of the Yaquina River in Benton and Lincoln counties in the U.S. state of Oregon. It begins in the Central Oregon Coast Range on the eastern side of the border between the two counties but crosses immediately west into Lincoln County through which it flows generally south to meet the main stem near Hamar Lake, north of Nashville. The Little Yaquina has one named tributary, Cedar Creek, which enters from the right.
Hamar Lake, along the Little Yaquina, covers and has a shoreline of about .
See also
List of rivers of Oregon
References
Rivers of Oregon
Rivers of Benton County, Oregon
Rivers of Lincoln County, Oregon
Frederick Lloyd (15 January 1880 – 24 November 1949) was a British film and stage actor. His most notable appearances include Doctor Watson in the 1932 film The Hound of the Baskervilles and Mr. Grimwig in David Lean's 1948 literature adaption Oliver Twist .
Biography
He was born Frederick William Lloyd in London on 15 January 1880. His parents were the Reverend Frederick Charles Lloyd and his wife Mary Florence, née Cox. Lloyd was married to theatre actress Auriol Lee from 1911 to 1922. He was later married to actress Yvette Plancon from 1925 to 1929. He died on 24 November 1949 at Hove, Sussex, England.
In an obituary in The Times John Gielgud wrote that 'the theatre has suffered a real loss in the death of Frederick Lloyd', adding 'his enthusiasm and charming joviality and his generous attitude toward the young actor-director — for I was a young man when I met him first — is something I shall remember with great affection and gratitude'.
Selected filmography
The W Plan (1930)
Tell England (1931)
The Perfect Lady (1931)
The Beggar Student (1931)
A Gentleman of Paris (1931)
The Great Gay Road (1931)
Sleepless Nights (1932)
The Hound of the Baskervilles (1932) Dr. Watson
The Song You Gave Me (1933)
Up for the Derby (1933)
Mixed Doubles (1933)
Royal Cavalcade (1935)
Radio Pirates (1935)
Everything Is Thunder (1936) Muller
Under Secret Orders (1937) Col. Marchand
Oh, Mr Porter! (1937) Minister
Secret Lives (1937)
Weddings Are Wonderful (1938)
Oliver Twist (1948) Mr. Grimwig
References
External links
1880 births
1949 deaths
British male film actors
Male actors from London
20th-century British male actors
Jan B. Brzeski is the Managing Director and Chief Investment Officer of Crosswind Financial and Arixa Capital Advisors, LLC, a private real estate investment advisor in Los Angeles that he founded in 2006. He has participated in real estate transactions valued at more than $100 million, including sourcing, structuring, financing and acquiring investment property. He holds a B.A. in Physics from Dartmouth College and an M.A. in Economics (PPE) from Oxford University.
Career
Prior to forming Arixa Capital in 2006, Brzeski was Vice President of Acquisitions at Standard Management Company, a real estate investment and management company founded by Samuel K. Freshman. While at Standard Management, Brzeski's responsibilities included identifying properties to acquire, underwriting, and negotiating to purchase income property and land. Brzeski has purchased properties including shopping centers, industrial projects, agricultural and development land in Los Angeles, Kern, Riverside, San Bernardino, Placer and Yolo Counties in California.
Before joining Standard Management, Brzeski was a successful entrepreneur. He co-founded and was CEO of STV Communications, Inc., a media services businesses that he sold in 2000.
Previously, Brzeski worked at Goldman Sachs as an investment banking analyst where he contributed to initial public offerings, secondary stock and bond offerings, as well as mergers and acquisitions of leading technology companies.
Other Activities
Mr. Brzeski is a past moderator and co-organizer of the UCLA Real Estate Conference and several UCLA Anderson School of Management real estate symposium events. He is also an instructor for UCLA Extension Real Estate Program. His insights into real estate trends and opportunities were featured in the California Real Estate Journal. He is a California licensed real estate broker.
References
External links
Arixa Capital official website
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Dover Street is a street in Mayfair, London. The street is notable for its Georgian architecture as well as the location of historic London clubs and hotels, which have been frequented by world leaders and historic figures in the arts. It also hosts a number of contemporary art galleries. An equestrian sculpture by Elisabeth Frink stands on the junction of Dover Street and Piccadilly, opposite the Ritz Hotel.
Location
The street lies in the south of Mayfair in the West End. To the south-east, the street adjoins the major thoroughfare of Piccadilly. To the north-west, it runs up past Stafford Street to the junction with Hay Hill, then continues as Grafton Street. To the north-east is Albemarle Street, running parallel with Dover Street and the location of the Royal Institution. South-west is Berkeley Street (adjoining Berkeley Square to the north), also running in parallel.
The nearest tube station is Green Park.
History
Dover Street was built by a syndicate of developers headed by Sir Thomas Bond. The syndicate purchased a Piccadilly mansion called Clarendon House from Christopher Monck, 2nd Duke of Albemarle in 1683 and proceeded to demolish the house and develop the area. At that time the house backed onto open fields and the development of the various estates in Mayfair was just getting underway. The syndicate also built Bond Street and Albemarle Street. The street is named after Henry Jermyn, 1st Baron Dover, one of the partners in the syndicate.
In June 1797 John Nash moved into 28 Dover Street, a building of his own design; he built an even bigger house next door at 29 into which he moved the following year. Edward Moxon moved from premises he had established in 1830 in New Bond Street to 44 Dover Street. He published Wordsworth from 1835 onwards and in 1839 issued the first complete edition of Shelley's poems. In 1841, he was found guilty of blasphemy for passages in Shelley's Queen Mab. Anne Lister (1791–1840), a notable Victorian landowner and diarist, liked to stay at Hawkins, located at 26 Dover Street.
Brown's Hotel (then termed a "genteel inn") was established in 1837 by James Brown, Lord Byron's valet, who took a lease on 23 Dover Street to cater for those who were in town "for the Season". He ran it with his wife, Sarah Willis, the personal maid of Lady Byron, who gave financial support. The hotel was later enlarged and joined with backing premises on Albemarle Street. In 1876, Alexander Graham Bell made the first successful telephone call in Britain from the hotel. In 1890, The International Niagara Commission met in the hotel and their decision on distributing "Niagara power" subsequently led to the adoption of the alternating current worldwide. Other guests have included Napoleon III, Theodore Roosevelt (at the time of his marriage), Rudyard Kipling and Agatha Christie (her book At Bertram's Hotel is based on Brown's).
Oliver Wendell Holmes in Our Hundred Days in Europe records staying at Mackellar's Hotel, 17 Dover Street, where "we found ourselves comfortably lodged and well cared for during the whole time we were in London".
Frédéric Chopin took lodgings in Dover Street in 1848 and performed a number of piano recitals in London and undertook piano lessons.
In the 1920s many notable photographers were based in Dover Street including Paul Tanqueray, Hugh Cecil and Alexander Bassano. Marcus Adams, Yvonne Gregory and Bertram Park, the "Three Photographers", were based at 43 Dover Street.
Green Park Underground station was originally known as Dover Street station. The original Leslie Green-designed building was located in Dover Street, but, following refurbishment in the 1930s to install escalators, the entrance was moved to Piccadilly and the station was renamed.
Clubs
The street is historically and currently the location of a number of well-known London clubs, although the oldest and most fashionable London clubs are located in St James's and Pall Mall:
The Albemarle Club, originally in Albemarle Street nearby, was relocated to 37 Dover Street before its closure.
The Arts Club, founded by Charles Dickens and others in 1863, originally in Hanover Square, has been located at 40 Dover Street since 1893. Whistler's decision to sue John Ruskin was made on the premises. The Arts Club premises are currently used for meetings of the Eccentric Club.
The Bath Club, where Mark Twain breakfasted.
The Capisce Club, 1 Dover Street, was formerly a nightclub and restaurant.
Mahiki, 1 Dover Street, is a nightclub and bar, with a Polynesian and tiki theme, predominantly specialising in rum. Often frequented by celebrities and royalty, including Prince William.
Empress Club, 35 Dover Street, Towards the end of the 19th century, the idea of a London club solely for women, was put forward by one of Queen Victoria's Ladies-in-Waiting, With the help of other Ladies at Court, and indeed with the blessing of the Queen herself, the idea went ahead, and on 24 May 1897 the Empress Club opened – founded the “Ladies of England” and in commemoration of her Majesty's Golden Jubilee. The club's foundation marked a new era in the history of Ladies' Clubs. Unconnected with any political movement it soon became a powerful Social Institution. Headed by the Duchess of Leeds, the vice-presidents and Committee included a Princess and several Countesses.
The original clubhouse was at 32 Dover Street, such was the rush to join that within 12 months a new site had to be found on which to erect a building worthy of the large and influential membership which represented nearly every known family of distinction.
The site found was at No. 35, almost next door, and by 1901 the Empress Club was installed in a most impressive and palatial building with another entrance in Berkley Street. It boasted12 Reception Rooms, handsomely decorated, and one hundred bedrooms for which the lowest charge was 4/- a night- and this included Lights, Boots, Bath, and attendance. Coal fires, it is true, were 1/6 extra but Ladies' Maids could be accommodated for 7/6 per day!
Members wishing to interview servants at the club had to give two clear days' notice to the Secretary and then conduct the interview before 12 noon. Ladies could keep their cycles at the club, but dogs were not allowed and Gentlemen guests only as far as the Dining and Drawing Rooms. An orchestra played during afternoon tea (1/-) and smoking was permitted.
It also played in the Grand Dining Hall during dinner, after which smoking was again allowed. Luncheon was 2/6 and dinner 3/6! During the great war over £50,000 was raised by members in aid to the Forces, and again £16,000 in World War II. The Club withstood many near misses from bombs and suffered considerable damage from a fire in 1941
After the war the Club never quite recovered its former glory and some years later it was sold. Most of the building was turned into offices and the Grand Dining Hall became a Night Club.
In 1961 this was acquired by the Caprice - A l'Ecu de France group, where it became the Empress Restaurant. The property is currently occupied by Christian Louboutin.
And a fictional one:
The Drones Club, the gentlemen's club of many of P. G. Wodehouse's novels, was located on Dover Street, off Piccadilly.
Galleries
Art galleries in the street include:
The Alexia Goethe Gallery, 5–7 Dover Street.
The CCA Galleries, 8 Dover Street — originally Christies Contemporary Art and now an independent company publishing prints.
The Gallery at 32 Dover Street (now part of Wolf & Badger).
Richard Green, 39 Dover Street.
The Institute of Contemporary Arts (ICA) was initially in Dover Street, but relocated to The Mall in 1968.
The Wapping Project Bankside, 37 Dover St, in the same building as Mallett Antiques.
References
External links
LondonTown.com information
Mayfair
Streets in the City of Westminster
Dover Street
Art gallery districts
The year 719 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. In the Roman Empire, it was known as year 35 Ab urbe condita . The denomination 719 BC for this year has been used since the early medieval period, when the Anno Domini calendar era became the prevalent method in Europe for naming years.
Events
Zhou Huan Wang of the Zhou Dynasty becomes ruler of China.
Deaths
References
710s BC
Sikanni Chief Lake is a lake at the headwaters of the Sikanni Chief River in the Northern Rocky Mountains region of British Columbia, Canada.
See also
Sikanni (disambiguation)
Sekani
References
Lakes of British Columbia
Northern Interior of British Columbia
Peace River Land District
Ten Good Reasons is the debut studio album by Australian pop star and actor Jason Donovan. It was released on 1 May 1989 by PWL (UK) and Mushroom Records (Australia). It became the biggest selling album in the UK that year, and yielded three number-one singles, "Too Many Broken Hearts", "Sealed with a Kiss" and a duet with Kylie Minogue, "Especially for You".
The album entered the UK Albums Chart at number two, and then reached number one, staying there for four weeks. When his cover of Brian Hyland's "Sealed with a Kiss" entered the UK Singles Chart at number one, Donovan became the first Australian male to hold both UK single and UK album chart number-one positions simultaneously. In Australia, the album peaked at number five on its debut on the ARIA albums chart in June 1989, and became the 53rd highest selling album in Australia for 1989.
The album was reissued in 2010 as an expanded deluxe edition featuring B-sides and remixes. In 2016, the first CD of the 2010 reissue was reissued again as part of promotion for Donovan's Ten Good Reasons live shows.
Track listing
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
External links
Discogs
1989 debut albums
Albums produced by Stock Aitken Waterman
Jason Donovan albums
Mushroom Records albums
Winship Cancer Institute of Emory University is a nonprofit cancer research and patient care center based in Atlanta, Georgia. Winship Cancer Institute is the only National Cancer Institute-designated Comprehensive Cancer Center in Georgia.
History
The Robert Winship Clinic was established in 1937 through a gift to Emory of $50,000 from Coca-Cola CEO Robert W. Woodruff, who named the center after his maternal grandfather, Robert Winship, in honor of his mother, Emily Winship, who died from breast cancer. Woodruff's vision was to create a center in Georgia that focuses on research, education and patient care. The Robert W. Woodruff Foundation, Inc. has continued to support Emory in achieving this vision, and in 2003 Emory dedicated the Winship Cancer Institute building, constructed with funds from the Robert W. Woodruff Foundation, Inc.
Locations
Winship Cancer Institute is located on the campus of Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia. Affiliate locations include Emory University Hospital, Emory University Hospital Midtown, Emory Johns Creek Hospital, Emory Saint Joseph's Hospital, Grady Memorial Hospital and the Atlanta VA Medical Center. A new 17-story facility called Winship Emory Midtown is scheduled to open in 2023 on the Emory University Hospital Midtown campus.
Research and treatment
In 2014, Winship Cancer Institute was selected as a Lead Academic Participating Site for the National Cancer Institute's National Clinical Trials Network.
Recognition
Emory University Hospital is ranked one of "America's Best Hospitals" for cancer by U.S. News & World Report.
Notable persons
Suresh Ramalingam – Medical oncologist expert in lung cancer. Executive Director of Winship Cancer Institute.
Sagar Lonial – Hematologist specializing in multiple myeloma. Chief Medical Officer of Winship Cancer Institute.
Rafi Ahmed – Virologist and immunologist. Co-Leader of the Cancer Immunology Program.
Jonathan S. Lewin – Neuroradiologist. Member of the Discovery and Developmental Therapeutics Program.
Charles A. Staley – Surgical oncologist expert in gastrointestinal cancers. Chief Quality Officer of Winship Cancer Institute.
Andrew Hebb Miller – Former Co-Leader of the Cancer Prevention and Control Program.
See also
Emory University School of Medicine
Rollins School of Public Health
Nell Hodgson Woodruff School of Nursing
Emory University
Emory Healthcare
References
External links
Official website
Hospital buildings completed in 2003
Cancer organizations based in the United States
Emory University
Medical research institutes in the United States
Cancer hospitals
NCI-designated cancer centers
Medical and health organizations based in Georgia (U.S. state)
Research institutes in Georgia (state)
ELinks is a free text-based web browser for Unix-like operating systems.
It began in late 2001 as an experimental fork by Petr Baudiš of the Links Web browser, hence the E in the name. Since then, the E has come to stand for Enhanced or Extended. On 1 September 2004, Baudiš handed maintainership of the project over to Danish developer Jonas Fonseca, citing a lack of time and interest and a desire to spend more time coding rather than reviewing and organising releases.
On 17 March 2017, OpenBSD removed ELinks from its ports tree, citing concerns with security issues and lack of responsiveness from the developers.
On 17 November 2017, ELinks was forked into another program called felinks meaning forked elinks. It is being actively maintained with the latest version at 0.15.0 dated 24 December 2021.
Features
HTTP and Proxy authentication
Persistent HTTP cookies
Support for browser scripting in Perl, Ruby, Lua and GNU Guile
Tabs (though still text mode)
HTML tables and HTML frames
Background download with queueing
Some support for Cascading Style Sheets
Some support for ECMAScript by using Mozilla's SpiderMonkey JavaScript engine
Editing of text boxes in external text editor
Mouse support (including wheel scroll)
Colour text display
Protocols supported:
local files, finger, http, https, ftp, fsp, smb, IPv4, IPv6
experimentally: BitTorrent, gopher, nntp
See also
List of web browsers
Comparison of web browsers
References
External links
Gopher clients
POSIX web browsers
MacOS web browsers
Text-based web browsers
Free web browsers
Lua (programming language)-scriptable software
Software forks
2001 software
Discontinued web browsers
The Săraz is a right tributary of the river Glavița in Romania. It flows into the Glavița near Jupani. Part of its flow is redirected towards the Gladna. Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Timiș County
The Komarov Botanical Institute of the Russian Academy of Sciences () is a leading botanical institution in Russia, It is located on Aptekarsky Island in St. Petersburg, and is named after the Russian botanist Vladimir Leontyevich Komarov (1869–1945). The institute was established in 1931 as merger of the Botanical Garden and the Botanical Museum of the Academy of Sciences.
The institute hosts Saint Petersburg Botanical Garden as well as herbarium collections that house over seven million specimens of plants and fungi. The latter is the largest collection in Russia, and among the three largest in the world.
The Institute's LE Herbarium has approximately 200,000-250 000 specimens from Latin America in storage. The most known collections from Latin America include those of German naturalist G. Langsdorff (collected between 1814-1817 & 1821-1829) and German botanist Ludwig Riedel (1821-1828 & 1831-1836) from Brazil, G. Mertens (1826) and German naturalist Wilhelm Friedrich Karwinsky von Karwin (1841-1843) from Mexico, and plants collected in expeditions of the Soviet Rubber Trust in 1926-1928.
Among the scientists who have worked there are:
Yevgenia Georgievna Pobedimova
See also
List of Russian biologists
References
Further reading
Shetler, Stanwyn G. The Komarov Botanical Institute, 250 Years of Russian Research. Washington, D.C.: Smithsonian Institution Press, 1967.
External links
Herbarium Collections Database - https://www.binran.ru/collections/
Research institutes in Saint Petersburg
Botanical research institutes
Research institutes in the Soviet Union
Institutes of the Russian Academy of Sciences
Research institutes established in 1931
1931 establishments in the Soviet Union
Jamal Sellami () (born 6 October 1970) is a retired Moroccan football player and the current manager of Botola club Raja Casablanca.
He played for several clubs, including Olympique Casablanca, Raja Casablanca, Maghreb Fez and Beşiktaş J.K. in Turkey.
He played for the Morocco national football team and was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup.
On 2 April 2016, he became manager of Morocco Olympic.
Career statistics
International goals
References
External links
1970 births
Living people
Moroccan footballers
Moroccan expatriate footballers
Morocco international footballers
1998 FIFA World Cup players
2000 African Cup of Nations players
Beşiktaş J.K. footballers
Raja CA players
Süper Lig players
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Moroccan football managers
Sportspeople from Casablanca
Association football defenders
Raja CA managers
Botola managers
Belen is a village in the District of Kumluca, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kumluca District
Arnaud Coyot (6 October 1980 – 24 November 2013) was a French road bicycle racer, who competed as a professional from 2003 to 2012. He had two race victories, and finished in tenth place in the 2005 Paris–Roubaix race, and tenth place in the 14th stage of the 2006 Tour de France.
Coyot died in a car accident; also traveling in the car at the time were his racing colleagues Sébastien Minard and Guillaume Levarlet, the latter of whom was driving.
Major results
2003
1st GP EOS Tallinn
2005
10th Paris–Roubaix
2006
1st Classic Haribo
4th Grand Prix d'Ouverture La Marseillaise
References
External links
French male cyclists
1980 births
2013 deaths
Sportspeople from Beauvais
Road incident deaths in France
Cyclists from Hauts-de-France
Tamara Fyodorovna Konstantinova (; 7 November 1919 – 28 July 1999) was an Ilyushin Il-2 pilot and deputy squadron commander in the Soviet Air Force during the Second World War. On 29 June 1945, she was awarded the title of the Hero of the Soviet Union. Her brother, Vladimir Konstantinov, was also a Hero of the Soviet Union.
Civilian life
Konstantinova was born on 7 November 1919 to a Russian peasant family in Tver Governorate of the RSFSR, but spent most of her childhood in the city of Kalinin where her family moved to in 1924. Having completed her ninth grade of school in 1936 she wanted to attend a technical school, but she could not afford to do so and had to take up a job as a literacy worker to support her family; her mother was very ill and her father, a World War I veteran, died of alcoholism in 1937. She went on to work as a schoolteacher and secretary, resulting in her being assigned to the village of Skopin in the Ryazan oblast. There she began training at the Skoping aeroclub, where she met Vasily Ivanovich Lazarev, a pilot. The couple married and their daughter Vera was born in 1938. From January 1940 to December 1941, Konstantinova worked as a flight instructor at the Kalinin aeroclub, after which she moved to Baku because her husband was assigned to the Azerbaijan Civil Aviation Management Department at that time. After her husband was seriously injured in a plane crash in September 1942, he was evacuated to the city of Molotov, where Konstantinova was sent to care for him, but he died in February 1943.
Military career
Not long after becoming a widow, she voluntarily joined the military. At first she was assigned to a communications company as a driver, but due to her previous flight experience, she requested a transfer to serve as a pilot, resulting in her reassignment to the 554th Separate Aviation Communications Squadron in August 1943. She remained in that unit until being transferred to the 386th Night Bomber Aviation Regiment in December; there she flew cargo and bombing missions in the Po-2, a slow biplane. Seeking a more adventurous role in the war, she requested to be trained to fly the Il-2; so from May to July 1944, she underwent training in the 15th Separate Training Aviation Regiment of the 13th Air Army before being posted to the 566th Assault Aviation Regiment. She began to tally sorties combat piloting on the Il-2, and was soon promoted to flight commander in September 1944. When she was nominated for the title Hero of the Soviet Union on 15 March 1945 for flying 66 sorties on the Il-2, she had risen to the position of deputy squadron commander in the 999th Assault Aviation Regiment. By the end of the war, she flew 67 missions on the Il-2, contributing to significant destruction of enemy manpower and equipment, having taken out eight anti-aircraft guns, two tanks, five train cars, and various other military targets.
Postwar
Konstantinova remained on active duty in the 999th Assault Aviation Regiment until entering the reserve in September 1945. Having moved to Voronezh in December 1946, she worked as an assistant director of a law school for a year. While still posted to the law school, she began working for the civil air fleet as a pilot in August 1947, but after a crash in poor weather conditions on 20 December 1947 left her with a serious leg injury, she was ruled unable to continue flying in April 1948. Having become a member of the Communist Party in 1949, she worked as a secretary for the commander of the Air Force of the Voronezh Military District from November 1949 to September 1951, then as the executive officer of the air force supply department of the military district until June 1952. From then until 1955, she held several leadership posts at a factory, after which she graduated from the Higher Regional Party School of Voronezh in 1959. Afterwards, she was deputy head of the Voronezh department of social welfare for ten years. She lived out the remainder of her life in Voronezh, where she died on 28 July 1999 at the age of 79 and was buried in the Kominternovskoye cemetery.
Awards
Hero of the Soviet Union (29 June 1945)
Order of Lenin (29 June 1945)
Two Order of the Red Banner (2 November 1944 and 19 March 1945)
Order of the Patriotic War 1st class (11 March 1985)
Order of the Red Star (15 July 1944)
See also
List of female Heroes of the Soviet Union
Anna Yegorova
Lidiya Shulaykina
Mariya Tolstova
Lyolya Boguzokova
References
Bibliography
Heroes of the Soviet Union
Soviet Air Force officers
Soviet women in World War II
Soviet World War II pilots
1919 births
1999 deaths
Women air force personnel of the Soviet Union
Russian women aviators
Recipients of the Order of the Red Star
Recipients of the Order of the Red Banner
The Bondi Short Film Festival is an annual one-day competitive short film festival open to amateur filmmakers held in the Australian city of Sydney, at Bondi Beach. The Festival's founding and current artistic director is Francis Coady.
History
Established by Coady in 2001, the Festival began by giving young filmmakers a festival to screen their films, reportedly as a favour to Coady's friends who had missed out on entering films in other Sydney film festivals. The first festival screening was held at the North Bondi RSL Club. Due to its success, by 2002 it has moved to its current home at the Bondi Pavilion.
The Festival accepts entries in any genre, with the only restrictions being it must be Australian, under 15 minutes in length, and made in the previous 18 months. Prizes are currently awarded in four categories: Best Film, Best Cinematography, Best Actor and Best Music. Whilst the competition is predominantly an amateur's festival, films are judged by leading industry professionals. Over the years, festival judges have included Margaret Pomeranz, Sam Worthington, Bruce Beresford, Rachel Ward, Damon Gameau, David Caeser and Gracie Otto.
References
External links
Official festival website
Film festivals in Sydney
Film festivals established in 2000
Short film festivals in Australia
Synaptolaemus is a genus of headstanders native to South America, where found in the Orinoco, Casiquiare and Amazon Basin. Synaptolaemus are elongated in shape and overall black with contrasting red, orange or yellow stripes.
Species
There are currently two recognized species in this genus according to FishBase, but an examination of specimens has shown that S. cingulatus is a synonym of S. latofasciatus.
Synaptolaemus cingulatus G. S. Myers & Fernández-Yépez, 1950
Synaptolaemus latofasciatus (Steindachner, 1910)
References
Anostomidae
Taxa named by George S. Myers
Taxa named by Augustín Fernández-Yépez
Senior (shortened as Sr.) means "the elder" in Latin and is often used as a suffix for the elder of two or more people in the same family with the same given name, usually a parent or grandparent. It may also refer to:
Senior (name), a surname or given name
Senior (education), a student in the final year of high school, college or university
Senior citizen, a common designation for a person 65 and older in UK and US English
Senior (athletics), an age athletics category
Senior status, form of semi-retirement for the United States federal judges
Senior debt, a form of corporate finance
Senior producer, a title given usually to the second most senior person of a film of television production.
Art
Senior (album), a 2010 album by Röyksopp
Seniors (film), a 2011 Indian Malayalam film
Senior (film), a 2015 Thai film
The Senior, a 2003 album by Ginuwine
The Seniors, a 1978 American comedy film
See also
Pages that begin with "Senior"
Senioritis, colloquial term used in the United States and Canada
Sr. (disambiguation)
Twelfth grade, also called senior year of high school
Wise old man, archetype
Men
Ageing
Batrachedra repertor is a moth in the family Batrachedridae. It is found in Panama.
References
Natural History Museum Lepidoptera generic names catalog
Batrachedridae
Reserve wine is wine of a higher quality than usual, or a wine that has been aged before being sold, or both. Traditionally, winemakers would reserve some of their best wine rather than sell it immediately, coining the term.
In some countries the use of the term "reserve", "reserva" or "riserva" is regulated, but in many places it is not. Sometimes, reserve wine originates from the best vineyards, or the best barrels, making it more special. Additionally, reserve wines may be made in a style suited to longer aging periods. However, in regions where the use is not regulated the presence of the term "reserve" on a wine label may be nothing but a marketing strategy. Indeed, in the case of one of the largest-selling premium wines, Kendall-Jackson Chardonnay, every bottle produced is "Vintner's Reserve". To indicate a traditional reserve wine, Kendall-Jackson uses the term "Grand Reserve".
Like the term "old vines", "reserve" traditionally indicates a wine that is special, or at least different in flavor or aging potential. The presence of a non-reserve bottling with a producer that also sells reserve wine makes it more likely that "reserve" is being used in its traditional sense. Partly because of the often vague meaning of "reserve", many wineries produce named cuvées instead. Typically these are reserve wines in the traditional meaning of the word.
Reserva in Iberia
In Portugal and Spain, reserva is a regulated term controlled by law, at least ensuring that reserve wines get some additional ageing. In practice it is very difficult to regulate quality, so the term primarily deals with ageing and alcoholic strength. In Portuguese and Spanish wines, the requirements varies between regions, but typically, when used on a label "Reserva" means that the wine was aged for at least three years in the cask and bottle, at least one of which must have been in the cask.
Those that have been aged for five years (two in cask, three in bottle) or more are labelled . Gran Reservas are intended to be made only in exceptional vintages, but this is up to the producer.
In Portugal the term indicates that the wine has an alcohol level of at least 0.5 percent above the regional minimum, and that it was made from a rated vintage.
Reserve wine in Champagne
In the production of "non-vintage" Champagne, a certain amount of aged still wine is used for blending with still wine of the youngest vintage, before this blended base wine undergoes second fermentation in bottle to become sparkling Champagne. This aged still wine is called reserve wine, and this practice is meant to ensure that a certain Champagne house's non-vintage product has a consistent style over the years. Since the reserve wine is used in the production process, it is never bottled and sold as it is, but the proportion and age of the reserve wine is often seen as one of the indicators of the quality of a Champagne and the producer's level of ambition.
Austrian DACs
In the Austrian Districtus Austriae Controllatus (DAC) system, most DACs have an additional Reserve designation for a wine which has slightly more strict requirements.
German Cabinet
Before the 1971 German wine law, a term corresponding to reserve wine existed in kabinett, sometimes written as Kabinettwein. In 1971, the similar-sounding term Kabinett was instead introduced as the lowest level of the Prädikatswein category, i.e., with a completely different meaning. Therefore, in the present German wine classification no legally defined term corresponding to reserve wine exists.
See also
Second wine
Vintage port
References
Wine terminology
Spanky can refer to:
Nickname
Chalmers Alford (1955–2008), American guitarist
Spanky Davis (1943-2014), American jazz trumpeter
Spanky DeBrest (1937–1973), American jazz bassist
Frank Dyson (1931-1979), British rugby league footballer
Michael Fincke (born 1967), NASA astronaut
a ring name of Brian Kendrick (born 1979), American professional wrestler
Ed Kirkpatrick (1944–2010), American Major League Baseball utility player
Kevin Long (skateboarder) (born 1984), American professional skateboarder
Spanky Manikan (1942-2018), Filipino actor
George "Spanky" McCurdy (born 1981), American drummer
Elaine McFarlane, vocalist of Spanky and Our Gang, an American 1960s folk-rock band
George McFarland (1928–1993), American child actor who played Spanky in Our Gang
Michael Russell (tennis) (born 1978), American tennis player
Earl Smith Jr. (1965–2016), American acid house musician
Al Spangler (born 1933), American retired Major League Baseball player
Donald Trump (born 1946), related to allegations made by porn star Stormy Daniels
Spanky Wilson (born c.1947), American vocalist
Given name
Spanky Spangler (born 1947), American daredevil
Fictional
A character in the Gang (aka The Little Rascals) comedies
Spanky Ham, a character on the Comedy Central program Drawn Together
Other
Spanky (film), an Gang short film
Spanky, a 1994 novel by Christopher Fowler
Spanky and Our Gang, pop band
Spanky and Our Gang (album), album
Spanky & Our Gang Live, album
Glim Spanky, Japanese rock band
General Spanky, comedy film
Captain Spanky's Showboat, comedy film
Spanky's Quest, action game
Lists of people by nickname
Disambiguation pages with given-name-holder lists
18 Squadron or 18th Squadrons may refer to:
No. 18 (Netherlands East Indies) Squadron RAAF, a unit of the Royal Australian Air Force
No. 18 Squadron IAF, a unit of the Indian Air Force
No. 18 Squadron RAF, a unit of the United Kingdom Royal Air Force
18th Squadron (Observation), a unit of the United States Army Air Service
18th Aggressor Squadron, a unit of the United States Air Force
18th Combat Mapping Squadron, a unit of the United States Army Air Force
18th Intelligence Squadron, a unit of the United States Air Force
18th Flight Test Squadron, a unit of the United States Air Force
18th Reconnaissance Squadron, a unit of the United States Air Force
18th Space Defense Squadron, a unit of the United States Space Force
Marine Wing Communications Squadron 18, a unit of the United States Marine Corps
Marine Tactical Air Command Squadron 18, a unit of the United States Marine Corps
See also
XVIII Corps (disambiguation)
18th Division (disambiguation)
18th Brigade (disambiguation)
18th Regiment (disambiguation)
18th Battalion (disambiguation)
The Gimnasio Campestre is an all-male, elite-traditional and conservative Pre-K to 11th grade private school located in Bogotá, Colombia.
Origin
It was founded in 1946 by Alfonso Casas Morales, and its educational legacy has prepared several generations of "gimnasianos", as its alumni are known, offering them an education that has stressed the school motto, to "be men of honor". In 1987, after the passing of Mr. Casas, who served also as Principal and Director of the school since its creation, the board of directors chose Mr. Jorge Bernardo Londoño as his successor.
Expansion
Continuing with Mr Casas' legacy, and preparing the school for the 21st century, Mr. Londoño began the modernization of the facilities, building a multi-court/ multi-purpose sports center, which also doubles as a concert hall.
It was during this period that the traditional field trips for high-school seniors were extended to week-long excursions for every class, from 1st to 11th grade, to diverse destinations in Colombia and abroad.
Mr. Londoño was succeeded by Dr. Jaime Bernal, a medical geneticist, who is a due to his profession and his interest in scientific discovery, re-directed the modernization process to include an observatory (a participant of NASA's Radio Jove Project), and the most modern Molecular Biology Lab of any secondary education institution in the country.
Students receive half of their classes in English and learn French as a third language. Since 2016, the school is internationally accredited by two highly known accreditation agencies: New England Association of Schools and Colleges (NEASC) and Council of International Schools (CIS).
Accomplishments
The Gimnasio Campestre has a long tradition in Bogotá's history, where many graduates have become influential figures both at the local and at the national level. The school recently obtained an international certification by the Bureau Veritas for adhering to international teaching standards.
Among the extracurricular activities promoted by the school are a citywide known military band, a Boy Scout troop, a student-run radio station, and a media room broadcasting school events in closed-circuit television, as well as prominent intramural and extramural sports teams.
Two traditional yearly events include the "Copa Tradición" and the "Batuta de Plata", the former a soccer match with the arch-rival team of the Gimnasio Moderno, the latter a marching band competition with prominent local school bands.
The Gimnasio Moderno and the Gimnasio Campestre have enjoyed for decades a healthy competition in sports and other events, and both schools continue to share a tradition of high ethical standards and scholarly comradeship.
After the successful reforms in which Mr. Londoño and Mr. Bernal committed, Juan Antonio Casas Pardo, son of Alfonso Casas, was appointed to continue with the school's legacy.
Headmasters
Alfonso Casas Morales (1945-1987).
Jorge Bernardo Londoño (1987-1997).
Jaime Eduardo Bernal Villegas (1998-2006).
Juan Antonio Casas Pardo (2006-2017).
Alejandro Noguera Cepeda (2017-now).
Community impact
Students are highly involved with the neighboring communities, and the school recently inaugurated a public library featuring over 3000 titles available to low-income students of public schools. Gimnasianos also volunteer many hours of community service and every Friday donate groceries and non-perishable items to be distributed among low income families of nearby neighborhoods.
Its Alumni Association] has maintained a network of former students that expands over five decades and several generations, providing services such as a job bank and a bi-monthly newsletter that help reinforce the bonds created by classmates and their families during the thirteen years of shared experiences at the school.
Today, the Gimnasio Campestre's headmaster is the ex-student, Mr. Alejandro Noguera, who assumed his position in 2017, when Dr. Alfonso Casas' son, Juan Antonio left the school.
Military band
In 1954, the founder hired a former army sergeant to take charge of starting the military band. With six drums and six horns the rehearsals began. The first members of the band began to educate the ear, to train in the arts of music and war marches, and to begin practicing percussion and winds.
Eduardo Palou de Comasema y Morgadanes was the first band leader, the rest of the group was formed between the ninth, tenth and eleventh grades, from which the 11 remaining volunteers emerged.
The school's military band participates every year in the "Batuta de Plata" Contest, a trophy it has won three times (2002, 2005 and 2014), obtaining in each of these the highest awards given by the jury; the best band leader (2002 and 2005), and of course the best band.
The merit of the Gimnasio Campestre band is that it is conducted solely and exclusively by its members. Every year, elections are held where the members themselves choose the eight leaders who are to direct the destinies of the band. From the young cymbals to the of eleventh graders, they cast their vote to choose the candidate who best represents the standards of the leading "gimnasiano", distinguishing each year the best of each instrument.
Today the band has seven types of musical instruments: bass drums, cymbals, lyres, grenadiers, snare drums, timbas and trumpets; being these last two instruments for which the band has stood out in the last contests that they have carried out in the city.
leader of the band 2023-2024 is Currently Miguel Maya jaramillo
Alumni
Alumni include Ministers such as Enrique Low Murtra (one of the first victims of narco-terrorism while Minister of Justice during Virgilio Barco's presidency), Alberto Carrasquilla (former Minister of Finance), the former and recently re-elected Mayor of Bogotá Enrique Peñalosa, as well as relevant scientists, artists, Senators, and House Representatives, among others.
External links
Gimnasio Campestre
Asoexalumnos (The Alumni Association)
Images
School's Seal
School's Church
Founder's Tomb
School Building
Courtyard
Administrative Offices
References
Schools in Bogotá
1945 establishments in Colombia
Educational institutions established in 1945
Guariroba is a Brasília Metro station on Green line. It was opened on 16 April 2008 as part of the section between Ceilândia Sul and Terminal Ceilândia. The station is located between Ceilândia Sul and Ceilândia Centro.
References
Brasília Metro stations
2008 establishments in Brazil
Railway stations opened in 2008
Achanum Bappayum is a 1972 Malayalam film directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan and written by K. T. Muhammed. It stars K. P. Ummer, Jayabharathi, Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair, Adoor Bhasi and Baby Sumathi in important roles. It won the Nargis Dutt Award for Best Feature Film on National Integration. K. J. Yesudas won the National Film Award for Best Male Playback Singer and Vayalar Ramavarma won the National Film Award for Best Lyrics for the song " Manushyan Mathangale".
Plot
Krishnan (Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair) a Hindu man comes back from the jail after completing his sentence for killing his wife. He starts staying with his sister who is a follower of Sree Narayana Guru and her husband (Adoor Bhasi ) who is a communist. One night a Muslim lady comes to their house and dies leaving a new born baby girl. Krishnan decides to adopt the child even against the protest from his sister, brother in law and Muslim and Hindu communities. He allows the girl to learn Islam religion and follow it. But he faces more problems when the girl reaches marriage age and falls in love with his nephew.
Cast
Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair as Krishnan
K. P. Ummer as Mustafa
Jayabharathi as Aamina
Adoor Bhasi as Madhavan
Ayyappan Pillai
Bahadoor as Abdulla
Vincent as Devadas
Master Raghu as Devadas
Vijayakumari
Meenakumari
Philomina as Pathumma
M. K. Kamalam
Baby Sumathi as Aamina
Sreemoolanagaram Vijayan
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan and the lyrics were written by Vayalar Ramavarma.
References
External links
Achanum Bappayum at the Malayalam Movie Database
1972 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan
Best Film on National Integration National Film Award winners
Heeseberg is a Samtgemeinde ("collective municipality") in the district of Helmstedt, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is situated approximately 20 km southwest of Helmstedt, and 35 km southeast of Braunschweig. Its seat is in the village Jerxheim.
The Samtgemeinde Heeseberg consists of the following municipalities:
Beierstedt
Gevensleben
Jerxheim
Söllingen
Samtgemeinden in Lower Saxony
Wong Ka Wai () is a village in Tung Chung on Lantau Island, Hong Kong.
Administration
Wong Ka Wai is a recognized village under the New Territories Small House Policy.
References
External links
Delineation of area of existing village Wong Ka Wai and Lung Tseng Tau (Tung Chung) for election of resident representative (2019 to 2022)
Villages in Hong Kong
Tung Chung
Jim McKay (1921–2008) was an American television sports journalist.
Jim McKay may also refer to:
Jim McKay (director), American television director
Jim McKay (footballer) (1918–1986), Scottish footballer
Jim McKay (rugby union), Australian rugby union football coach
Lamboley Peak () is a prominent peak in the northwest part of Prehn Peninsula, Orville Coast, Antarctica. The peak was first photographed by the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition, 1947–48, and was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1961–67. It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names after Paul E. Lamboley, a radioman at South Pole Station in 1964.
References
Mountains of Palmer Land
Retinylidene proteins, are proteins that use retinal as a chromophore for light reception. They are the molecular basis for a variety of light-sensing systems from phototaxis in flagellates to eyesight in animals. Retinylidene proteins include all forms of opsin and rhodopsin (in the broad sense). While rhodopsin in the narrow sense refers to a dim-light visual pigment found in vertebrates, usually on rod cells, rhodopsin in the broad sense (as used here) refers any molecule consisting of an opsin and a retinal chromophore in the ground state. When activated by light, the chromophore is isomerized, at which point the molecule as a whole is no longer rhodopsin, but a related molecule such as metarhodopsin. However, it remains a retinylidene protein. The chromophore then separates from the opsin, at which point the bare opsin is a retinylidene protein. Thus, the molecule remains a retinylidene protein throughout the phototransduction cycle.
Structure
All rhodopsins consist of two building blocks, a protein moiety and a reversibly covalently bound non-protein cofactor, retinal (retinaldehyde). The protein structure of rhodopsin consists of a bundle of seven transmembrane helices that form an internal pocket binding the photoreactive chromophore. They form a superfamily with other membrane-bound receptors containing seven transmembrane domains, for example odor and chemokine receptors.
Mechanism of light reception
Instead of being activated by binding chemical ligands like their relatives, rhodopsins contain retinal which changes conformation in reaction to light via photoisomerization and thus are activated by light. The retinal molecule can take on several different cis-trans isomeric forms, such as all-trans, 11-cis and 13-cis. Photoisomerization (light-dependent isomerization) of retinal from cis to trans or vice versa induces a conformational change in the receptor protein. This change acts as a molecular switch to activate a signal transduction mechanism within the cell. Depending on the type of rhodopsin, it either opens an ion channel (for example in bacteria) or activates an associated G protein and triggers a second messenger cascade (for example in animal eyes).
Types of rhodopsins
Retinylidene proteins or rhodopsins exist in many species from bacteria to algae and animals. They can be divided into two distinct types based on their sequence as well as the retinal isomer they contain at the ground state and their signal transduction mechanisms.
Ion channels and pumps
Rhodopsins found in prokaryotes and algae commonly contain an all-trans retinal isomer at the ground state that isomerizes to 13-cis upon light activation, also known as microbial-type chromophore. Examples are bacterial sensory rhodopsins, channelrhodopsin, bacteriorhodopsin, halorhodopsin, and proteorhodopsin. They act as light-gated ion channels and can be further distinguished by the type of ion they channel. Bacteriorhodopsin functions as a proton pump, whereas halorhodopsin act as a chloride pump. Their functions range from bacterial photosynthesis (bacteriorhodopsin) to driving phototaxis (channelrhodopsins in flagellates). Signal transduction in phototaxis involves depolarization of the cell membrane.
G protein-coupled receptors
The retinylidene proteins of the animal kingdom are also referred to as opsins. Vertebrates contain five subfamilies of (rhod)opsins and arthropods three subfamilies. Opsins belong to the class of G protein-coupled receptors and bind an 11-cis isomer of retinal at the ground state that photoisomerizes to an all-trans retinal upon light activation. They are commonly found in the light-sensing organs, for example in the photoreceptor cells of vertebrate retina where they facilitate eyesight. Animal opsins can also be found in the skin of amphibians, the pineal glands of lizards and birds, the hypothalamus of toads, and the human brain. They can be categorized into several distinct classes including:
visual opsins (classical rhodopsin and relatives),
melanopsins
peropsins
neuropsins
encephalopsins
Visual perception
The "visual purple" rhodopsin (opsin-2) of the rod cells in the vertebrate retina absorbs green-blue light. The photopsins of the cone cells of the retina differ in a few amino acids resulting in a shift of their light absorption spectra. The three human photopsins absorb yellowish-green (photopsin I), green (photopsin II), and bluish-violet (photopsin III) light and are the basis of color vision, whereas the more light-sensitive "visual purple" is responsible for the monochromatic vision in the dark. Light signal transduction involves an enzyme cascade of G-proteins (transducin), cGMP phosphodiesterase, closure of a cation channel and ultimately hyperpolarization of the visual photoreceptor cell.
The visual rhodopsins of arthropods and molluscs differ from the vertebrate proteins in their signal transduction cascade involving G-proteins, phospholipase C, and ultimately depolarization of the visual photoreceptor cell.
Others
Other opsins found in humans include encephalopsin (or panopsin, opsin-3), melanopsin (opsin-4), neuropsin (opsin-5) and peropsin. Melanopsin is involved in the light entrainment of the circadian clock in vertebrates. Encephalopsins and neuropsins are highly expressed in nerve cells and brain tissue, but so far their function is unknown. Peropsin binds all-trans retinal (microbial-type chromophore) and might function as a photoisomerase to return retinal to the 11-cis isomer form needed in visual perception.
See also
Opsin
Rhodopsin
Visual cycle
Visual phototransduction
Microbial rhodopsin
References
External links
Calculated positions of retinylidene proteins in the lipid bilayer
Sensory receptors
Biological pigments
7TM receptors
Penkin (, from пенка, meaning foam) is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Penkina. Notable people with the surname include:
Kevin Penkin (born 1992), British-Australian composer
Svetlana Penkina (born 1951), Soviet actress
Russian-language surnames
Meu is an album released by fado singer Cuca Roseta. It was released in November 2020 by Anahata Musica.
Track listing
Preto E Branco
Chiça Penico
Finalmente
Bairro Português
Não Sei De Onde (Versão Guitarra)
Negrita
Grito
Meu
Roda Da Saia
À Porta Do Beijo
Maria
Amor De Domingo
Não Sei De Onde (Versão Piano)
References
Cuca Roseta albums
2020 albums
Portuguese-language albums
Marguerite Du Londel or Dulondel (Jeanne-Pierre-Marie–Marguerite Morel; La Rochelle, France, 1737–1804) was a French ballerina, actress and singer (soprano). She was active in the French theater in Sweden and at that time attracted great fame. She is also known for her relationship with king Adolf Frederick of Sweden.
Life
Marguerite Morel was born in La Rochelle in France. She was engaged with her mother and her two sisters in the French theater company of Jeanne Du Londel and Pierre de Laynay, which was active at the Danish royal court in 1748–53. When the French theater company was contracted to perform at the Swedish royal court in 1753, Marguerite Morel initially remained in Copenhagen with her mother and sisters, before they left for Sweden to rejoin the theater in 1755.
Sweden
The French Du Londel theater in Sweden performed for the Royal Swedish court in the palace theaters of Confidencen and Drottningholm Palace Theater during the summers, and for the public in the Bollhuset theater in Stockholm during the winters. It was a significant theater with about twenty members, patronized by the royal court and the aristocracy.
In 1759, Marguerite Morel married the actor and director of the theater, Louis Du Londel (1728–1793), and became henceforth known as Madame Du Londel or Madame Dulondel.
Marguerite Du Londel made her debut in the Du Londel French theater in a ballet before the royal court in August 1755. She made a success, and the queen of Sweden, Louisa Ulrika of Prussia, compared her to Barbara Campanini and Babette Cochois of the Prussian Ballet in Berlin.
Marguerite Du Londel was trained as a ballet dancer, actress and singer, which was not uncommon at the time. From 1759 onward, she additionally participated as both an actress and a singer. As an actress, she mainly participated in soubrette roles. As a singer, she participated in many concerts at Riddarhuset, but also in the lyric plays staged by the theater. One of her most noted successes was Les Chinois by Hauteroche.
She was given good critic in all three capacities of ballet dancer, singer and actress. Her multi talent made her one of the elite members of the French theater, and she is referred to as the lead female star of the theater alongside Marie Baptiste.
It was arguably as a ballerina Marguerite Du Londel achieved her greatest success in Sweden, and she was appointed premier ballerina. While the French company performed theater plays and lyric singing as well as ballet performances for the public at the Bollhuset theater in Stockholm, the plays and singing was reportedly in practice only frequented by the upper classes, who could understand the French language. The ballet performances, however, had a special position, as the audience did not have to be able to understand the French language to enjoy them. Consequently, the ballet performances where the only stage activity of the French theater which actually became lucrative among the wider Swedish public, and the ballets therefore played an important role when the French theater arranged their public performances in Stockholm (in opposite as when they performed for the court nobility), and became more frequent and staged alone. When the actors and singers of the French theater was mostly praised by the French language aristocracy, the French ballet dancers became known and popular outside of the nobility, and Marguerite Du Londel and her main co-star Louis Gallodier where both popular among the Swedish public and are noted to have been frequently printed in the advertises of the French theater's public performances to attract audience from outside of the nobility. Particularly in the period of 1767–71, Marguerite Du Londel was judging from the advertises a very appreciated star in Stockholm.
Among her performances as a dancer was the ballet L'Eroe Cines av Francesco Uttini, which had its premier in Drottningholm Palace Theater on 14 May 1757. It was one of the most expensive performances made by the French theater in all its twenty years in Sweden, to a cost of 6.000 riksdaler in silver, and with the cooperation of 27 members of the Livgardet.
Marguerite Du Londel also functioned as the French language teacher and dance instructor of Princess Sophie Albertine of Sweden between 1757 and 1769, while her husband and brother-in-law Pierre Lefebvre (married to her sister-in-law Louise Du Londel) was in parallel the instructor of the French language and fencing for the royal princes.
Royal mistress
Marguerite Du Londel is also known as the mistress of the monarch, king Adolf Frederick of Sweden. The affair took place between 1760 and 1765 and was reportedly the first adultery of the king since his wedding. It was noted in connection to this that she and her husband did not live together and in fact had different addresses until 1770 – while he lived with his mother, she was quartered in a room at the royal palace. The affair is mentioned by Claes Julius Ekeblad in 1760, when he mentioned that because of it, she was invited as a guest by the nobility, though never accepted as an equal by them.
The affair was an open secret in court circles but never officially acknowledged, and she had no position of being an official royal mistress. Reportedly, the queen tolerated the king to have an affair on the condition that he was discrete and never embarrassed her by having any form of official mistress, a condition he accepted and followed. However, queen Louisa Ulrika was very sensitive to any form of public embarrassment by the affair, which caused some incidents when the queen felt that discretion had not been followed. The most known incident of this affair was when the lyric play Le Pientre amoreaux de son modéle by L. Anselme had its premier at the Bollhuset theater in Stockholm, in which Marguerite Du Londel was given the line: "When I was young, I was the taste of a king". This caused great laughter in the theater, which was at that time attended by both the public and the royal family, because of the open secret of her relationship with the king, an incident which reportedly caused the queen to feel herself publicly insulted.
The affair resulted in the birth of a son, Frederici (c. 1761-1771), which she gave the patronymic Fredriksson. Frederici was taken care of by the Swedish Royal House, but he died in shirtly after his biological father in 1771, when he was about ten. In 1766, the king had assumed another affair with the queen's maid-of-honour Ulla von Liewen, who became the mother of the later notorious Lolotte Forssberg.
In 1799, in connection to the debated fatherhood of Lolotte Forssberg (by that time countess Stenbock), the affair between the king and Marguerite Du Londel was also mentioned in a letter from count Fredrik Georg Strömfelt to Eleonora Charlotta d'Albedyhll (though the year is here erroneously 1769 instead of 1766):
"Queen Louisa Ulrika had a lady-in-waiting by the name Ulla Liewen, engaged to count Per Brahe, son of the unhappy count Erik. In 1769 she fell sick and was delivered of "The Petite", who was the daughter of Adolf Fredrik. The queen was informed of the secret, but out of friendship for her maid of honor, who had a good name for virtue and good customs – perhaps also in reference to the utter jealousy, which Her Majesty had displayed in the matter of the charming actress and dancer m:lle Dulondel, with whom the King had a son called Fredriksson, a jealousy which caused the exile of m:lle Dulondel from the realm – the queen promised her husband to care for the child under the vow of secrecy. Those, who have seen countess Stenbock in her younger years, as well as the portrait of Ulla Liewen, can not doubt the matter. Beside, she looks like Adolf Fredrik, and this explains, why people have found such as resemblance between her and princess Sofia Albertina".
Later life
In 1771, the French Du Londel theater was dissolved by king Gustav III of Sweden after his succession to the throne. All of the members of the theater was fired without a pension, with the sole exception of Marguerite Du Londel and her husband, who were the only ones afforded a full pension by Gustav III, who referred to a promise he had given to his father. Gustav III also saw to the welfare of Marguerite Du Londel's son Frederici, who he referred to as his half brother after the queen dowager Louisa Ulrika had informed him of a promise she had given the late king – Frederici, however, died later that same year.
On 21 June 1771, Louis and Marguerite Du Londel departed Sweden for France, despite a promise from Gustav III of doubling their pension if they remained in Sweden, as he would like them to be instructors at a theater school he planned to found. They settled in Metz in 1778. When some of the remaining French artists performed in the Swedish court in 1780, Gustav III remarked that the only thing preventing them from being a full theatre was the fact that the Du Londel couple was in Paris.
The Du Londel couple returned to Sweden during the French revolution in 1792, because they felt unsafe in France because of their royalist sympathies as well as the fact that Louis Du Londel was of noble descent on his mother's side. The following year, Marguerite Du Londel was widowed, and the new regency government of Gustav IV Adolf of Sweden discontinued her pension. She lived on the charity of friends, particularly her god daughter, the celebrated actress Marie Louise Marcadet. When Marcadet left for France in 1795, she was in a difficult situation, but the following year, her daughter Marie Louise Dulondel (1776–1847) married her former colleague Louis Gallodier, and she was thereafter supported by her son-in-law until her death.
See also
Elisabeth Soligny
References
Gunilla Roempke (1994). Gunilla Roempke. ed. Vristens makt – dansös i mätressernas tidevarv (The power of the ankle – dancer in the epoch of the royal mistresses) Stockholm: Stockholm Fischer & company.
Forser, Tomas & Heed, Sven Åke (red.), Ny svensk teaterhistoria. 1, Teater före 1800, Gidlund, Hedemora, 2007
Jonsson, Leif & Ivarsdotter, Anna (red.), Musiken i Sverige. 2, Frihetstid och gustaviansk tid 1720–1810, Fischer, Stockholm, 1993 (Music in Sweden. The age of Liberty and the Gustavian age 1720–1810)
Oscar Levertin: Teater och drama under Gustaf III, Albert Bonniers förlag, Stockholm, Fjärde Upplagan (1920). ['Teater och drama under Gustaf III']
Notes
1737 births
1804 deaths
18th-century French ballet dancers
18th-century French actresses
18th-century French singers
French stage actresses
Mistresses of Adolf Frederick, King of Sweden
Age of Liberty people
is a Japanese global beer, spirits, soft drinks and food business group headquartered in Sumida, Tokyo.
In 2019, the group had revenue of JPY 2.1 trillion. Asahi's business portfolio can be segmented as follows: alcoholic beverage business (40.5%), overseas business (32%), soft drinks business (17.2%), food business (5.4%) and "other" business (4.9%). Asahi, with a 37% market share, is the largest of the four major beer brewers in Japan followed by Kirin Beer with 34% and Suntory with 16%. In response to a maturing domestic Japanese beer market, Asahi broadened its geographic footprint and business portfolio inorganically through the acquisition of highly coveted beer businesses in Western Europe and Central Eastern Europe. This has resulted in Asahi having a large market share in many European countries, such as a beer market share of 44% in the Czech Republic, 32% in Poland, 36% in Romania, and 18% in Italy.
History
Asahi was founded in Osaka in 1889 as the . During World War I, German prisoners worked in the brewery.
In 1990, Asahi acquired a 19.9% stake in Australian brewery giant Elders IXL which has since become the Foster's Group, later sold to SABMiller.
In 2009, Asahi acquired the Australian beverages unit Schweppes Australia, now known as Asahi Beverages.
In early 2009, Asahi acquired 19.9% of Tsingtao Brewery from Anheuser-Busch InBev for $667 million. The sale made Asahi Breweries, Ltd. the second largest shareholder in Tsingtao behind only the Tsingtao Brewery Group.
In July 2011, Asahi acquired New Zealand juice maker Charlie's and the water and juice divisions of Australian beverage company P&N Beverages.
In August 2011, Asahi acquired New Zealand's Independent Liquor, maker of Vodka Cruiser and other alcoholic beverages, for a billion.
In May 2013 its New Zealand operations expanded with the purchase of retail chain Mill Liquorsave. Also, Asahi acquired the Australian brands and assets of Cricketers Arms and Mountain Goat Brewery in 2013 and 2015, respectively.
The first of these transactions happened as a result of Anheuser-Busch InBev (InBev) agreeing in April 2016 to sell its Dutch business Grolsch Brewery, Italian business Peroni Brewery and the UK's craft Meantime Brewery and SABMiller Brands UK to Asahi; this €2.3 billion deal closed on 12 October 2016. After Inbev's acquisition of SABMiller in October 2016, InBev agreed to sell the former SABMiller Ltd.'s Eastern European businesses and relevant assets in Poland, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Hungary and Romania to Asahi for US $7.3 billion. The deal closed on 21 December 2016 and included beer brands such as Pilsner Urquell, Velkopopovický Kozel, Tyskie, Lech, Dreher and Ursus.
In 2017, the company sold its 19.9% stake of Tsingtao Brewery for $937 million.
In 2019, the company bought Fuller's beer business from Fuller, Smith & Turner plc for an enterprise value of £250 million. The assets sold comprised the entirety of Fuller's beer, cider and soft drinks brewing and production, wine wholesaling, as well as the distribution thereof and also includes the Griffin Brewery, Cornish Orchards, Dark Star Brewing and Nectar Imports
In May 2020, the Australian Foreign Investment Review Board approved the company's $16 billion bid for Carlton & United Breweries, and the deal will see Asahi ending up with about 48.5 per cent share of the Australian beer market.
Brands
The company's primary beer, from 1957 through the late 1980s, was Asahi Gold (overtaking Asahi Draft, its original formula, which remains in production). However, Asahi Super Dry, introduced in 1987, is now the company's flagship beer brand.
Asahi Super Dry, a product that transformed the modern beer industry in Japan, is described as a highly attenuated lager without the heavier malt flavors of competitors' products, with a crisp, dry taste reminiscent of some northern German beers. This highly successful launch led to a significant rise in consumer demand for dry beer and in turn to a dramatic turnaround in Asahi's business performance, surpassing Kirin in terms of both sales and profitability.
Other beers produced include:
Asahi Draft – Lager (first produced in 1892)
Asahi Gold – Lager (former flagship product; first produced in 1957)
Asahi Stout
Asahi Z – Dry lager
Asahi Black – a 5% abv dark lager
Asahi Prime Time – German Pilsener style lager (only available in Japan)
Brands acquired from Anheuser-Busch InBev:
Grolsch Brewery
Peroni Brewery
Meantime Brewery
Gambrinus
Pilsner Urquell
Radegast
Velkopopovický Kozel
Tyskie
Lech
Dreher
Ursus
Carlton & United Breweries
Asahi Beer Hall
Asahi Breweries' headquarters in Tokyo were designed by French designer Philippe Starck. The Beer Hall is considered one of Tokyo's most recognizable modern structures.
See also
Beer in Japan
Asahi Soft Drinks
References
External links
Wiki collection of bibliographic works on Asahi Breweries
Beer in Japan
Companies based in Tokyo
Multinational companies headquartered in Japan
Food and drink companies established in 1889
Japanese companies established in 1889
Japanese brands
Companies listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange
Multinational breweries
The heaviest land mammal is the African bush elephant, which has a weight of up to . It measures 10–13 ft at the shoulder and consumes around of vegetation a day. Its tusks have been known to reach in length, although in modern populations they are most commonly recorded at a length of . The average walking speed of an elephant is , but they can run at recorded speeds of up to .
Heaviest extant land mammals
Notes
References
Heaviest
mammals
Heaviest or most massive organisms
Nemanja Anđušić (born 17 October 1996) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Bosnian Premier League club Velež Mostar.
Honours
Sarajevo
Bosnian Premier League: 2014–15
Velež Mostar
Bosnian Cup: 2021–22
References
External links
Nemanja Anđušić at Sofascore
1996 births
Living people
People from Trebinje
Association football midfielders
Bosnia and Herzegovina footballers
Bosnia and Herzegovina youth international footballers
Bosnia and Herzegovina under-21 international footballers
FK Leotar players
FK Sarajevo players
NK Travnik players
FK Olimpik players
NK Čelik Zenica players
FK Mladost Doboj Kakanj players
Trabzonspor footballers
Balıkesirspor footballers
FK Velež Mostar players
Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina players
TFF First League players
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Gouécké or Gouéké is a town and sub-prefecture in the Nzérékoré Prefecture in the Nzérékoré Region of Guinea.
Three people died and four fell ill from an ebola outbreak on February 14, 2021.
References
Sub-prefectures of the Nzérékoré Region
The 1983 U.S. Figure Skating Championships took place at Pittsburgh Civic Arena in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, with the female champion crowned February 3, 1983, and male champion crowned February 4, 1983. Medals were awarded in three colors: gold (first), silver (second), and bronze (third) in four disciplines – men's singles, ladies' singles, pair skating, and ice dancing – across three levels: senior, junior, and novice.
The event determined the U.S. team for the 1983 World Championships.
Senior results
Men
Ladies
Pairs
Ice dancing
Junior results
Men
Ladies
Pairs
Ice dancing
Novice results
Men
Ladies
Pairs
Ice dancing
References
External links
The 1983 United States Figure Skating Championships Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania February 1-6, 1983
Sports Illustrated report week following
U.S. Figure Skating Championships
United States Figure Skating Championships, 1983
United States Figure Skating Championships, 1983
U.S. Figure Skating Championships
Typhoon Lynn, more commonly known in the Philippines as Typhoon Pepang, was responsible for the worst flooding in Taiwan in 40 years. Typhoon Lynn originated from an area of disturbed weather in the central north Pacific in mid-October 1987. On October 15, the system was upgraded into a tropical storm. Moving west-northwest, it slowly deepened over the next few days, though the intensification process briefly stopped on October 15. Two days later, Lynn was upgraded into a typhoon, while passing northwest of Guam. Lynn maintained low-end typhoon strength until October 19, when the storm began to rapidly intensify. On October 21, Lynn attained its peak intensity while tracking towards the west. Weakening then commenced soon after Lynn interacted with Luzon. However, the core of the typhoon remained well offshore both the Philippines and Taiwan. On October 25, Lynn weakened to a severe tropical storm. Three days later, it dissipated, though its remains later brought rain to China.
While passing near Guam, power was knocked out and 40 residents were evacuated. Throughout the Mariana Islands, 15 families were rendered homeless and damage totaled $2 million (1987 USD). After brushing Luzon, seven people perished, over 30,000 homes were damaged, 100 houses were destroyed, and 7,000 individuals were left homeless. Damage in the Philippines totaled to $25.3 million. Even though Lynn passed a bit south of Taiwan, the storm brought widespread damage to the nation. Nine children were swept away and killed on a field trip, while another 72 survived and were evacuated. In Taipei, 13 persons perished and 2,230 people were rescued. Lynn was considered the worst tropical cyclone to affect the city in four decades. Nationwide, 168,000 people lost power and 42 casualties occurred.
Meteorological history
Typhoon Lynn originated from a broad, poorly organized area of convection situated within the monsoon trough roughly north-northeast of the Marshall Islands in the middle of October 1987. The Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) started monitoring the system on October 14, and later that day, the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) followed suit. Following an increase in convection and outflow, the JTWC issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert (TCFA) for the system at 0300 UTC on October 15 about north-northwest of Pohnpei of the eastern Carolina Islands at the time. Three hours later, the JTWC classified the system as Tropical Storm Lynn based on Dvorak estimates of . At midday, the JMA followed suit and upgraded the system into a tropical storm.
Tracking along the southern periphery of a subtropical ridge, the cyclone decelerated. Lynn gradually intensified, though this process briefly halted on October 17. Early the next day, the JMA reported that Lynn had deepened into a severe tropical storm. Shortly thereafter, radar data and satellite imagery revealed the formation of an eye in diameter, and thus the JTWC upgraded Lynn into a typhoon, though post-storm analysis noted that Lynn could have been a typhoon before then. Also around this time, the JMA designated Lynn as a typhoon. At midday, Lynn made its closest approach to Guam, passing around northeast of the island. Three hours later, Lynn passed southwest of Tinian before proceeding west-northwest.
After moving away from the Mariana Islands, Lynn initially maintained its intensity, but on August 19, it began to rapidly intensify. Later that day, the JTWC upgraded Lynn to a super typhoon and early on August 20, Typhoon Lynn attained winds of according to the JMA. After leveling off in intensity for roughly 24 hours, the JMA estimates that Lynn reached its peak intensity of and a minimum barometric pressure of . At 0000 UTC on August 21, the JTWC indicated that Lynn reached its peak intensity of , equivalent to a Category 5 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson hurricane wind scale. According to the JTWC, Typhoon Lynn was the third typhoon in 1987 to attain such intensity. Meanwhile, the Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration (PAGASA) also monitored the storm and assigned it with the local name Pepang.
Shortly after attaining maximum intensity, Lynn began to track westward while steadily weakening. Initially, the JTWC predicted Lynn to take a more west-northwesterly course, but the European Center for Medium-Range Weather Forecasting (ECMWF) correctly predicted Lynn to move due west due to a subtropical ridge situated north of the cyclone. On October 22, the JMA indicated that Lynn leveled off in intensity, though at 0000 UTC on October 23, the cyclone deteriorated slightly. Roughly 24 hours later, the JMA reduced the intensity of Lynn to ; by this time, the typhoon entered the Luzon Straits. Over the next two days, Lynn interacted with mountainous terrain of the Philippines; however, at its closest approach, the core of the system remained over offshore. Meanwhile, the weakening process accelerated, and on October 25, the JMA reported that Lynn was no longer a typhoon. Furthermore, the storm exited PAGASA's warning zone. Increased wind shear took toll on Lynn, and the next day, satellite imagery indicated that all of the storm's deep convection was confined north-northeast of the center. At 0000 UTC on October 27, the JTWC ceased watching the system, though the JMA continued tracking it until the morning of August 28. The remnants of the storm later brought showers to China.
Impact
Mariana Islands
Although the eye of Lynn passed just offshore Guam, it brought violent conditions to the island. There, a maximum sustained wind speed of and a peak wind gust of was recorded in Agana. Moreover, of rain fell at a nearby air force base. Power was briefly knocked out for the entire island, though by October 20, electricity had been restored to most of the island. Around 40 residents were evacuated to shelter along low-lying areas. Several homes sustained serious damages while many others suffered roof damage. The banana and papaya crops were largely destroyed by the typhoon, but damage to other crops was minimal. No one in Guam was injured by Lynn.
After passing near Saipan, winds of and gusts of were observed. All commercial flights to and from the island, as well as all schools and government offices, were cancelled on both October 19 and 20. Both Saipan and Rota experienced island-wide power outages on the evening of October 18. Saipan bore the most significant effects from the cyclone; four people were hurt and two homes were destroyed. Several homes and office buildings on the island were also damaged. Elsewhere, around 10 families fled to shelter as a result of strong winds. Although damage in Rota was minor, the island of Tinian received considerable damage and all of the island's 2,000 residents were briefly left without electricity. Heavy rains resulted in flooding that destroyed several dwellings and deluged many more.
Throughout the Mariana Islands, agriculture damage was estimated at $2 million (1987 USD) and 15 families were displaced from their homes. Roughly 100 people sought help from the Red Cross. A few weeks later, the Northern Marianas Islands were declared a major disaster area by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA).
Philippines
On October 23, most of Luzon was placed under weather alerts. Due to the threat of both storm surge and high waves, low-lying residents were advised to evacuate their homes. A total of five towns flooded in the Cagayan and Ilocos Norte provinces, while Lynn triggered landslides in Benguet. In the mountain resort of Baguio City, communication and power lines sustained damage and many roads outside of Manila were destroyed; over 200 homes were damaged and 100 others were demolished. Nationwide, 79 people were hurt and 31,557 homes were partially damaged, while 18,396 were "totally" damaged. Furthermore, around 6,000 were rendered homeless and seven fatalities occurred. Damage totaled $25.3 million, mostly due to public infrastructure and agriculture.
Taiwan
In preparation for Lynn, typhoon warnings were issued. Despite not striking the country directly, Typhoon Lynn brought torrential rains to much of the island from October 24–26, including a maximum of in Taipei. Two fourth graders and seven third graders were swept out to sea due to waves while on a field trip in Maopitou, a scenic spot in Kenting National Park. However, on October 24, the bodies of two girls and a boy were found near Hengchun while the remaining were presumed dead. The other 72 students on the trip were safely evacuated. Elsewhere, a 31-year-old man was killed due to falling debris in Hualien. Two people were killed and four others were buried in Keelung, where several cargo containers were swept offshore. Damage in Keelung totaled $5 million. In Pingtung, 30,000 houses were flooded. Across northern Taiwan, nine people were killed. In Taipei, torrential rains deluged the city and resulted in landslides that destroyed numerous dwellings and took 13 lives. Citywide, 2,230 people were rescued by police, while after supply in the capital was cut by 75%. In all, Lynn was considered the worst system to affect Taipei in 40 years.
Throughout the island, domestic flights and train service was cancelled. At the northern port of Ilan, about 60 fishing boats were lost. Three fishermen were rescued after their boat capsized. A total of 168,000 people lost power at some point during the storm's passage, though by October 27 power was restored to all but 88,000. Overall, 42 people were killed nationwide.
See also
List of the wettest tropical cyclones
Typhoon Zeb
Typhoon Ruby (1988)
Typhoon Yutu
References
Notes
1987 Pacific typhoon season
Typhoons
Typhoons in Guam
Typhoons in the Philippines
Typhoons in the Northern Mariana Islands
Typhoons in Taiwan
Lynn
Mohela BL (Bi-Lateral) High School is a semi-government high school in Chatmohar of Pabna district in Bangladesh.
The school is one of the oldest educational institution in Parshawdanga union parishad.
The school is also known as Mohela Uccha Viddalaya to local people. Around 600 students, including boys and girls, are currently studying at Mohela High School. Following demands to enroll more students, the school authorities opened four more classrooms in a new building.
Secondary School Certificate (SSC) 2008
150 students from Mohela High School scored average GPA 4.5 in 2008. A total of 90 students achieved first division from Rajshahi Education Board.
References
External links
School website
School list of Chatmohar
High schools in Bangladesh
ALL4ONE Challenge is a French-German yacht racing team that competes in International America's Cup Class races. The team has formerly competed as K-Challenge and between 2005 and 2007 they were known as Areva Challenge.
History
As K-Challenge they competed in the Louis Vuitton Cup 2007, the challenger series held prior to the America's Cup.
They also competed in the Louis Vuitton Pacific Series in 2009 and are part of the Louis Vuitton Trophy, hosting the Louis Vuitton Trophy - Nice event.
References
External links
Official Website
America's Cup teams
Extreme Sailing Series teams
2001 establishments in France
Now or Never () is a 2003 Italian coming of age comedy-drama film written and directed by Lucio Pellegrini.
Plot
David is a model student in the last year of the physics faculty at the Scuola Normale Superiore di Pisa; he practically lives in a parallel reality, made up of books and arguments on the highest systems, without any contact with everyday reality. Everything changes when, a few minutes before his last exam, he participates in a student collective to follow the unknown Viola, after the latter had given him a flyer: the exam skips, and with it most of David's certainties. The boy immediately falls in love with Viola, but he is also a good friend of Luca, Viola's boyfriend. The events lead David to participate in the occupation of a social center, and even in pseudo-subversive actions to the point of catapulting the entire group of dissidents in the midst of the violence that shook Genoa in 2001 on the occasion of the G8 summit.
Cast
Jacopo Bonvicini as David
Violante Placido as Viola
Edoardo Gabbriellini as Luca
Elio Germano as Doveri
Riccardo Scamarcio as Biri
Toni Bertorelli as David's Father
Camilla Filippi as Vanna
Francesco Mandelli as Frankino
Gabriele Biondi as Sorcio
Francesco Bitti as Bianchini
Massimo Bosi as Gom
Paolo Sassanelli as Lt. Lusotti
Thomas Trabacchi as Pietro
Roan Johnson as Goliardo
See also
List of Italian films of 2003
References
External links
2005 films
2000s coming-of-age comedy-drama films
Italian coming-of-age comedy-drama films
Films directed by Lucio Pellegrini
2003 comedy films
2005 comedy films
2003 drama films
2003 films
2005 drama films
2000s Italian films
Dukat i pribadače is the fourth album of the Croatian rock band Aerodrom, released through Jugoton in 1984. The album is recorded as a trio with the new drummer Nenad Smoljanović. The keyboards were played by Rajko Dujmić of Novi Fosili, who is also the producer of the album. Dukat i pribadače turns the band's sound on a pop rock path and carries three successful singles, "Fratello", "24 sata dnevno", which were released on a 7" record, and "Digni me visoko".
Track listing
All lyrics written by Jurica Pađen, all arrangements by Aerodrom and Rajko Dujmić, except tracks 4, 5 and 6 by Rajko Dujmić.
Personnel
Aerodrom
Jurica Pađen – Guitars, lead vocals
Remo Cartagine – Bass, acoustic piano in track 11
Nenad Smoljanović – Drums, percussions
Additional musicians
Rajko Dujmić – Keyboards, backup vocals
Vesna Srečković – Backup vocals
Artwork
Vjekoslav Ivezić – Design
Production
Rajko Dujmić – Producer
Vedran Božić - Assistant engineer
Dubravko Majnarić - Executive producer
Recorded by Hrvoje Hegedušić
References
External links
Official Youtube channel
Aerodrom (band) albums
1984 albums
Jugoton albums
Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
Events
Works published
Anonymous, Loves Garland; or, Posies for Rings, Handkerchers, and Gloves, anthology
George Chapman, translator, Batrachomyomachia, publication year uncertain; the original work had been wrongly ascribed to Homer in antiquity; the book contains hymns and epigrams also not written by Homer
Thomas Heywood, Gynaikeion; or, Nine Bookes of Various History. Concerninge Women, partly in verse
Francis Quarles:
Job Militant: With meditations divine and morall
Sions Elegies, Wept by Jeremie the Prophet (see also Sions Sonnets 1625)
Births
Death years link to the corresponding "[year] in poetry" article:
August 22 – Jean Renaud de Segrais (died 1701), French poet and novelist
October 26 – Dosoftei (died 1693), Moldavian Metropolitan, scholar, poet and translator
December 25 – Johannes Scheffler, also known as "Angelus Silesius" (died 1677), German poetry mystic and poet
date not known – Edward Howard (died 1700), playwright and poet, brother of Sir Robert Howard
Deaths
Birth years link to the corresponding "[year] in poetry" article:
Yuan Zhongdao (born 1570), Chinese poet, essayist, travel diarist and official
See also
Poetry
16th century in poetry
16th century in literature
Notes
17th-century poetry
Poetry
The 2008 season was Bunyodkor's second season in the Uzbek League in Uzbekistan. Bunyodkor competed in the Uzbek League, the Uzbek Cup and AFC Champions League tournaments.
Squad
Technical staff
Transfers
In
Loans in
Out
Released
Competitions
Bunyodkor was present in all major competitions: Uzbek League, the AFC Champions League and the Uzbek Cup.
Uzbek League
League table
Results
Uzbekistan Cup
Final
AFC Champions League
Group stage
Knockout Stage
Squad statistics
Appearances and goals
|-
|colspan="14"|Players who left Bunyodkor during the season:
|}
Goal scorers
References
External links
Official Website
Championat.uz
Bunyodkor
Sport in Tashkent
FC Bunyodkor seasons
Dr. Adder is a dark science fiction novel by American writer K. W. Jeter, set in a future where the United States has largely broken down into reluctantly cooperating enclaves run by a wide variety of strongmen and warlords, with a veneer of government control that seems largely interested in controlling technology. Dr. Adder is an artist-surgeon, who modifies sexual organs of his patients to satisfy the weirdest of perversion; he is clearly depicted as a partly criminal, partly counter-cultural figure in a future Los Angeles which anticipates the cyberpunk idea of the Sprawl trilogy.
Dr. Adder is Jeter's debut novel. It was originally completed in 1972 and then published in 1984 by Bluejay Books—the first fictional work it ever published—with illustrations by Matt R. Howarth.
According to Philip K. Dick, the publication of this book was delayed for a decade due to the extreme violence and graphic sex, and for this delay "its impact on the field would have been enormous."
Radio KCID
The novel also features an unconventional DJ, called Radio KCID, a science-fictional portrait of one of Jeter's friends, Philip K. Dick (the call sign is an anagram of DICK). KCID is an old man living in Rattown, a future L.A. slum; he has a small portable transmitter, which turns him into a mobile radio station. He mostly plays old records of German opera such as Alban Berg's Wozzeck, an important element of the novel, but he also broadcasts pieces of news which mainstream media do not want to broadcast.
The novel is heavily indebted to the counterculture of the 1960s. "[KCID] had some sort of process worked out, an oracle or something. It had to do with randomly generated numbers—he had a little box, a minicomputer that lit up with seven- or eight-digit figures, I think. He told me when he had enough data worked into the system he could predict any series of events connected to Adder, a few minutes before each event actually occurred..." This is a hint at I Ching, the Chinese oracular book Dick used to compose his 1962 novel The Man in the High Castle, but also a popular reading in the counter-cultural 1960s.
In Dr Adder music does not only have an aesthetic value. KCID plays Wozzeck, then he begins to interpret the opera by applying it to the situation of his listeners. "Hohl, alles hohl! That's the way it is, all right. Isn't that what you were just thinking? Ein Schlund, a gulf, an abyss, yawns beneath us and what can we do, friends? Some of us wait all our lives for something...". This rambling monologue closely resembles those of freeform radio DJs.
Radio KCID has something else in common with counter-cultural radio: "All his broadcast equipment and tapes could fit into a suitcase—he could be anywhere in the slums with it now". Such a mobile pirate radio is not science-fictional at all, since true underground radio existed in the 1960s in the form of illegal stations.
At the end of the novel KCID puts the microphone in front of the protagonist, Dr. Adder, so that he may speak to his "old fans, and everyone else, who never worshipped [him]". It might be simply considered as a moment when a speaker is interviewing a celebrity—be it transgressive, underground, unconventional or not—but it can also be seen as a moment when a listener of Radio KCID (and Dr. Adder is also one of KCID's listeners) is given the opportunity to talk to "people clustered around the radios, waiting to hear [him]". KCID probably expects that a political message will be delivered to the audience; while probably Adder's message will not be political at all, being the expression of a very personal rage.
Reception
Dave Langford reviewed Dr. Adder for White Dwarf #91, and stated that "Jeter forces sympathy for Adder by pitting him against someone supposedly viler still, an immortal Moral Majority type whom Adder (now converted to a cyborg execution machine) meets in a final electronic duel which introduces an SF first—computerised pus. This one will ooze and ooze."
Reviews
Review by Dan Chow (1984) in Locus, #278 March 1984
Review by Michael J. Tolley (1984) in Fantasy Review, July 1984
Review by Thomas A. Easton [as by Tom Easton] (1984) in Analog Science Fiction/Science Fact, September 1984
Review by Norman Spinrad (1984) in Isaac Asimov's Science Fiction Magazine, December 1984
Review by Richard E. Geis (1985) in Far Frontiers
Review by Alexander B. Nedelkovich (1985) in Science Fiction Review, Summer 1985
Review [French] by Pierre Stone-Belflacq (1985) in Proxima [France], #8
Review [French] by Roger Bozzetto (1986) in Fiction, #372
Review by Mike Moir (1987) in Vector 139
Review by Martyn Taylor (1987) in Paperback Inferno, #67
Review by Lee Montgomerie (1987) in Interzone, #21 Autumn 1987
Review by Kenneth L. Houghton [as by Ken Houghton] (1992) in Necrofile, Spring 1992
Review by Stephen E. Andrews and Nick Rennison (2006) in 100 Must-Read Science Fiction Novels
Review [French] by Grégory Drake (2015) in Bifrost, #78
Citations
General sources
Rossi, Umberto. "Acousmatic Presences: From DJs to Talk-Radio Hosts in American Fiction, Cinema, and Drama". Mosaic, 42:1, March 2009, pp. 83–98. .
1984 American novels
1984 science fiction novels
Cyberpunk novels
Novels by K. W. Jeter
Novels set in Los Angeles
Ohio's 17th senatorial district has long been located in southeastern Ohio and currently consists of the counties of Ross, Fayette, Clinton, Highland, Pike, Jackson and Gallia as well as portions of the counties of Lawrence, Vinton and Pickaway. It encompasses Ohio House districts 91, 92 and 93. It has a Cook PVI of R+5. Its current Ohio Senator is Republican Bob Peterson. He resides near Sabina, a city located in Clinton County.
List of senators
References
External links
Ohio's 17th district senator at the 130th Ohio General Assembly official website
Ohio State Senate districts
Ranvik () is a cove 3.5 nautical miles (6 km) southeast of Diaz Cove along the south coast of South Georgia. Surveyed by the SGS in the period 1951–1957. The name is well established in local use.
Coves of Antarctica
Dr. André Joseph Guillaume Henri 'Dok' Kostermans (Purworejo, 1 July 1906 – Jakarta, 10 July 1994) was an Indonesian botanist of Dutch ancestry. He was born in Purworejo, Java, Dutch East Indies, and educated at Utrecht University, taking his doctoral degree in 1936 with a paper on Surinamese Lauraceae.
He spent most of his professional life studying the plants of southeastern Asia, settled at Buitenzorg, later Bogor, Indonesia. At an early stage in his career he also contributed a number of family treatments to Pulle's Flora of Suriname. Kostermans was especially interested in Lauraceae, Malvales (Bombacaceae and Sterculiaceae), and Dipterocarpaceae. In later years he turned his attention to Asian Anacardiaceae. He was a productive worker and published extensively on these and other groups.
The genus Kostermansia Soegeng, of the family Bombacaceae, and over 50 species were named in his honour.
Kostermans suffered a heart attack in March 1991, but his letter to his friend written in April 1991 stated "some writing (including) putting the finishing touch to a fat manuscript on the Mango species (69 species) ... If I am lucky I shall have a chance to see it." Kostermans did live to see it published by Academic Press in 1993. He died in Indonesia in 1994.
References
ASPT NEWSLETTER 9(1) January 1995 URL accessed 26 March 2006.
External links
Nationaal Herbarium Nederland: André Joseph Guillaume Henri Kostermans
Image of grave
1906 births
1994 deaths
deaths in Indonesia
20th-century botanists
20th-century Dutch botanists
Indonesian people of Dutch descent
Dutch people of Indonesian descent
Dutch expatriates in Indonesia
People from Purworejo Regency
People of the Dutch East Indies
Utrecht University alumni
Goliath Against the Giants () is a 1961 Italian film directed by Guido Malatesta. It was Brad Harris's debut as a lead actor.
Cast
Brad Harris: Goliath
Gloria Milland: Princess Elea
Fernando Rey: Bokan
Barbara Carroll: Daina
Carmen de Lirio: Diamira
Pepe Rubio: Briseo (credited as José Rubio)
Fernando Sancho: Namathos
Nello Pazzafini: Jagoran
Release
Goliath Against the Giants was released as Goliath contro I giganti in Italy on 14 May 1961. It was released in the United States on 14 April 1963.
Reception
A review in the Monthly Film Bulletin referred to the film as "dispiriting compendrium of strip-cartoon cliches whose rousingly and absurdly crowded climax fails to compensate for inexperienced direction, murky colour photography and shame-faced cutting."
See also
List of Italian films of 1961
References
Bibliography
External links
1961 films
Films directed by Guido Malatesta
Peplum films
1960s adventure films
Films set in classical antiquity
Films about dragons
Films shot in Almería
Sword and sandal films
Goliath
1960s Italian films
Robert Mormando is an American mafia hitman for the New York Gambino crime family, who later became a government informant.
Mormando was born in Ozone Park, Queens, and is a divorced father of two children. In October 2009, Mormando became the first mobster to admit in open court that he is gay while on trial for the 2003 shooting of bagel store owner, Angelo Mugnolo. Although the mafia ran gay bars and gay night clubs, including the Stonewall Inn, they frowned upon being gay. He had a close personal friendship with Richard G. Gotti, John Gotti's nephew.
References
American gangsters of Italian descent
Gambino crime family
Gay men
Federal Bureau of Investigation informants
Mafia hitmen
Living people
People from Ozone Park, Queens
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Independent was an Australian newspaper published in Footscray, Melbourne, Victoria from 1883 to 1933.
History
The Independent was first published on Saturday 31 March 1883 in Nicholson Street, Footscray. It described itself as a local newspaper for Footscray, Yarraville, Braybrook, Wyndham and The Plains. It was published each Saturday and cost 1 penny.
References
External links
Defunct newspapers published in Melbourne
Newspapers established in 1883
Publications disestablished in 1922
1883 establishments in Australia
1922 disestablishments in Australia
Newspapers on Trove
The 1991 Lao League was the second recorded season of top flight football in Laos. Lao Army FC won the championship, their second title, with Public Health Ministry finishing second, their best ever performance.
References
Lao Premier League seasons
Laos
Laos
1
Fatemeh Arzhangi () is an Iranian former footballer who played as a midfielder. She has been a member of the Iran women's national team.
References
Living people
Iranian women's footballers
Women's association football midfielders
Iran women's international footballers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Henry Edward Detmold (4 October 1854, in Surbiton, Kingston upon Thames – 1924, in Paris), born into an affluent merchant family of German origin, was an English painter and illustrator, specialising in landscape, figure and marine painting, and a founder member of the Newlyn School.
He studied at Düsseldorf, Brussels, Munich and in Paris under Carolus Duran. His works were exhibited in London from 1879, and in Paris and he regularly commuted between the two cities between 1881 and 1900. The Newlyn School, to which he belonged, was a group of landscape painters working from the coastal town of Newlyn in Cornwall, some of whom had also spent time on the Continent.
Detmold arrived in Newlyn in 1885. He played in the Newlyn cricket team in matches against St Ives, and in the Artists of West Cornwall XI against Penzance in 1888. With fellow artists he lodged for a while at 7 Bellair Terrace, St Ives.
The scenes he painted were of places he visited in England, France, Cairo and North Africa. He exhibited at the Royal Academy, Royal Society of British Artists, Royal Institute of Oil Painters, Royal Institute of Painters in Water Colours, Grosvenor Gallery, Agnew and Sons Gallery and Dowdeswell Gallery in London, as well as at the Royal Hibernian Academy, Glasgow Institute of the Fine Arts, Royal Society of Artists in Birmingham, Walker Art Gallery in Liverpool and Manchester City Art Gallery, and joined the New English Art Club in 1886. By 1890, he was living in London, married to a Miss Julia Lane who had been born in 1863 in Metz, Moselle in France. They moved to Hastings and St Leonards-on-Sea in about 1892, and by 1900 were living in Paris.
Henry Detmold was an uncle of the Detmold twins and played a large role in their art education. He supplied illustrations for journals and magazines such as The Graphic and was in demand for illustrating books such as "East of Paris" by Matilda Betham-Edwards.
His grave is in the Pere Lachaise cemetery in Paris.
References
1854 births
1924 deaths
19th-century English painters
English male painters
20th-century English painters
English illustrators
Burials at Père Lachaise Cemetery
20th-century English male artists
19th-century English male artists
Waiting for the Rain is a young adult novel by South African-born American writer Sheila Gordon, first published in 1987. It tells the story of two boys, one black and one white, growing up on a farm in South Africa during apartheid. As the boys mature, their friendship dissipates because the black boy seeks political equality while the white boy wants everything to stay the same.
Characters
Tengo is the main character of the book. He is a black South African child, around the age of ten when the book starts, and lives with his family in the kraal on the Oubaas's farm. He desperately seeks a way for whites and blacks to live equally, thereby ending apartheid. However, in Part Two of the book, he must choose which he wants more: to get an inferior education given by the whites, or to join the violent liberation with the majority of the black population.
Frikkie is Tengo's best friend at the beginning of the book. They have been friends from the time they could walk. He is a white Afrikaner and spends his school holidays at his uncle's farm, playing soccer and running around with Tengo. He wants everything to stay the same and does not accept change.
Oom Koos is the Oubaas, a senior, of the farm. He is Frikkie's uncle and oversees everything that goes on in the farm. He does not want the black protesters to gain power.
Tant Sannie is Frikkie's aunt and Oom Koos's wife. She thinks education is wasted on blacks, and is appalled by the idea of Tengo going to school in Johannesburg.
Selina is Tengo's mother. She does much of the housekeeping for Tant Sannie, such as washing the dishes and clothes, and preparing food for Oom Koos and Tant Sannie.
Timothy is Tengo's father. He is the boss-boy of the farm which means he was appointed by Oom Koos to manage the farm.
Tandi is Tengo's sister. She is constantly sick [has tuberculosis] and stays in the kraal.
Emma is Tengo's classmate. She helps Tengo in different subjects in school.
Joseph is Tengo's cousin (he is fourteen in Part One). He is the first one to introduce the reality of apartheid to Tengo, and later appears as a crucial turning point in Tengo's decisions about his life.
Sissie is Frikkie's sister who cannot abide life on the farm. She has been taught to accept apartheid. Constantly bothers Tengo to make him feel more like a servant. Real name is Henrietta.
Rev. Gilbert is a white liberal who tutors Tengo to help him pass his matriculation exams and get to college. Appears in Part Two.
Matilda is Selina's sister that works for the Millers as a housekeeper, like Selina.
Elijah is a teenage tribal South African who lives in the township of Johannesburg. Fights apartheid with violence.
Mrs. Miller is a white living in Johannesburg. She and her family, though nicer than other masters, still accept apartheid and do nothing to change it.
Claire Miller is the daughter of Mrs. Miller, a white liberal who feels sympathy for the blacks. However, she cannot do much to change it.
Lettie is Tengo's grandmother.
Elijah is Tengo's friend who was put in jail for activism.
Synopsis
Part One
When the book begins, Tengo and Frikkie are two young boys on Oom Koos's farm. Frikkie visits on holidays to escape the grinding boredom of the school term, and Tengo lives there with his family. Over time, Tengo comes to see more and more that their friendship is hesitant and tenuous due to the imposing laws of apartheid, and wants to know more. He cannot understand why Frikkie does not like school when there is so much to learn. He desperately wishes to go to the city and get an education. To quench his thirst for knowledge, Selina asks for books from Mrs. Miller. Tengo receives them and loves them, but they only make him want to know more.
Over the course of this book, Tengo is also learning more about apartheid and how it functions. His cousin Joseph, who lives in the squalid township of Johannesburg, visits one day and tells Tengo of the evils that must be faced every day there. Tengo's eyes are opened after this conversation, and through several more events, he is determined to go to Johannesburg to get an education. He gets permission and leaves for the city. He finds that the city is smelly and noisy like Frikkie said it would be.
Part Two
In Part 2 Tengo becomes a much more active member in the fight against the white regime. About four years later than Part One, Part Two details more closely on Tengo's life in Johannesburg, and only briefly visit Frikkie as he is serving his mandatory term in the army. Tengo is receiving tutoring from Rev. Gilbert and living with the Millers for a time. Soon, however, more and more protests break out in response to stricter rules set by the white government, and Tengo's school is shut down. He now has a choice to make: should he choose education and try to matriculate to college, or join the demonstrations against apartheid? He wants to continue his education but does not see how this is possible—at least, not until Joseph returns and offers him a chance to go overseas and be schooled. Before Tengo sets out to leave, he is informed about a funeral held for the schoolchildren that were shot during riots. Once he arrives he sees the army trying to break up the funeral, and as he begins to fight back a gunshot is heard along with a scream. he runs and then is reunited with Frikkie, a current patron of the army. He accidentally hits him, and as he takes his gun he notices who the soldier was. The share good memories, and debate, but they split ways and keep their meeting- and their friendship- a secret.
Terms
Oubaas means "old master"; Frikkie's uncle.
Kleinbaas - "young master"; Frikkie is referred to as this by the black people who work on Oom Koos's farm.
Kaffir - a derogatory term directed at native South Africans. Similar to nigger as used in the USA. Literally translated from Arabic, Kuffar means "non-believer".
Piccanin - a slightly derogatory term meaning one who is young and/or foolish.
Kraal - Small villages of mud huts for the blacks to live in.
Reception
Gordon won the Jane Addams Children's Book Award in 1988 for this book. The New York Times review was less than favourable, saying that although the story is "balanced nicely," and "avoided the great pitfalls of such a story - caricature and sentiment", it left much to be desired:
References
1987 American novels
1987 children's books
American young adult novels
Apartheid novels
Novels set in South Africa
Perry McGillivray (August 5, 1893 – July 27, 1944) was an American competition swimmer and water polo player who represented the United States at the 1912 Summer Olympics and 1920 Summer Olympics.
In the 1912 Olympics he competed in the 100-meter freestyle and reached the semifinal. He also was a member of the United States' 4×200-meter freestyle relay team, which won a silver medal.
Eight years later he was fourth in the 100-metre backstroke and won a gold medal as a member of the United States' 4×200-meter freestyle relay team. He also played three matches for the United States water polo team, which finished fourth.
In 1976, he was inducted into the USA Water Polo Hall of Fame.
See also
List of members of the International Swimming Hall of Fame
List of Olympic medalists in swimming (men)
World record progression 4 × 200 metres freestyle relay
References
External links
1893 births
1944 deaths
American male backstroke swimmers
American male freestyle swimmers
American male water polo players
World record setters in swimming
Olympic gold medalists for the United States in swimming
Olympic silver medalists for the United States in swimming
Water polo players from Chicago
Swimmers at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Swimmers at the 1920 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 1920 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1920 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1912 Summer Olympics
American water polo coaches
Swimmers from Chicago
19th-century American people
20th-century American people
The MidSouth Rugby Football Union is the Local Area Union (LAU) for rugby union teams in Tennessee and portions of Arkansas under the True South Geographical Union of USA Rugby. The LAU also currently includes two teams located outside the core area of the LAU:
One man's club is located in Huntsville, Alabama, in the northern portion of that state. The rest of that state is under the jurisdiction of the Deep South Rugby Football Union, the other LAU under the True South Union.
One college team is in the Purchase area of Kentucky, a state that is not presently covered by any USA Rugby geographical union.
Men's clubs
Clinch River
Chattanooga
Huntsville
Johnson City
Knoxville
Maryville Highlanders
Memphis Blues
Nashville RFC
Women's clubs
Memphis
Nashville
Knoxville
Men's college clubs
Arkansas State University
Bryan College
Freed-Hardeman University
Harding University
Lee University
University of Memphis
Middle Tennessee State University
Murray State University
Sewanee: The University of the South
University of Tennessee
University of Tennessee at Martin
Tennessee Tech
Vanderbilt University
Women's college clubs
Arkansas State University
Middle Tennessee State University
Sewanee: The University of the South
University of Tennessee
Men's U19
Spartan Rugby
Cordova
Women's U19
Spartan Rugby
Maryville
Karns
Brighton
See also
True South Geographical Union
USA Rugby
Rugby union in the United States
References
External links
MidSouth Rugby Union
USA Rugby Official Site
IRB Official Site
Rugby union governing bodies in the United States
Karaağaç, Kumluca is a village in the District of Kumluca, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kumluca District
Muzrupağacın, Çamlıdere is a village in the District of Çamlıdere, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çamlıdere District
The 1935 Drake Bulldogs football team was an American football team that represented Drake University in the Missouri Valley Conference (MVC) during the 1935 college football season. In its third season under head coach Vee Green, the team compiled a 3–6–1 record (2–2 against MVC opponents), tied for fourth place in the conference, and was outscored by a total of 204 to 141.
Schedule
References
Drake
Drake Bulldogs football seasons
Drake Bulldogs football
Tip-Off Girls is a 1938 American crime film directed by Louis King, written by Maxwell Shane, Robert Yost and Stuart Anthony, and starring Mary Carlisle, Lloyd Nolan, Roscoe Karns, Buster Crabbe, J. Carrol Naish, Evelyn Brent and Anthony Quinn. It was released on April 1, 1938, by Paramount Pictures.
Plot
A ring of truck hijackers is organized by Joseph Valkus, run by Red Deegan and fronted by Rena Terry, a woman who pretends to be helpless, tricking truckers to trust her before their shipments are stolen.
Out to bust up the racket, the FBI assigns agents Bob Anders and Tom Benson to go undercover. Pretending to be drivers, then thieves, they gain Valkus's trust. Bob also meets and falls for Marjorie Rogers, a secretary who is totally unaware of the illegal activities.
Bob is overheard tipping off the FBI to the next heist. He is beaten by Valkus's men, but Marjorie manages to write and deliver a note that brings federal agents to the rescue.
Cast
Mary Carlisle as Marjorie Rogers
Lloyd Nolan as Bob Anders
Roscoe Karns as Tom Benson
Buster Crabbe as John A. 'Red' Deegan
J. Carrol Naish as Joseph Valkus
Evelyn Brent as Rena Terry
Anthony Quinn as Marty
Benny Baker as Scotty
Harvey Stephens as Chief Agent Jason Baardue
Irving Bacon as Sam
Gertrude Short as 'Boots' Milburn
Archie Twitchell as Hensler
Barlowe Borland as Blacky
Pierre Watkin as George Murkil
References
External links
1938 films
Paramount Pictures films
American crime films
1938 crime films
Films directed by Louis King
American black-and-white films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
A by-election occurred in the South Australian House of Assembly seat of Ramsay on 11 February 2012. The seat was won by Labor candidate Zoe Bettison. The by-election was triggered by the resignation of former Premier and state Labor MHA Mike Rann.
Background
Rann and Kevin Foley resigned from their parliamentary seats, which created twin by-elections for 11 February, the other being the 2012 Port Adelaide by-election. On two-party preferred margins of 18.0 percent and 12.8 percent from the 2010 election, considered safe margins on the previous pendulum, Labor would have likely retained both seats on the two-party preferred vote based on unchanged statewide Newspoll since the previous election. Ramsay was the safest of Labor's seats based on the previous election. In the lower house, 24 seats form a majority, the Labor government held 26 of 47 seats. If one or both seats were lost, Labor would still have retained majority government.
Rann was first elected as the member for the new northern metropolitan seat of Briggs at the 1985 election. From 1989 he held various ministries in the Bannon Labor government. Briggs was abolished in an electoral redistribution, with Rann moving to Ramsay in 1993. Rann was state Labor leader and leader of the opposition from 1994 after the Labor government was defeated a year earlier. Rann led Labor to minority government at the 2002 election, a landslide majority government at the 2006 election, and retained majority government at the 2010 election despite a swing. Rann stepped down in favour of Jay Weatherill as party leader and Premier in 2011. Rann is the third-longest-serving Premier of South Australia and longest-serving South Australian Labor leader, and afterward became the longest-serving period of South Australian Labor government in history.
The last by-election was the 2009 Frome by-election, when another former Premier, Rob Kerin, retired from politics. The seat was narrowly won by an independent candidate.
Timeline
Candidates
The Liberal Party, Family First Party, and the Australian Democrats, who contested the previous election and gained 24.9 percent, 9.6 percent, and 3.0 percent respectively, did not contest the by-election.
Polling
One opinion poll was conducted and released by the in-house polling group at The Advertiser, Adelaide's main newspaper. On 30 January 2012, 410 voters were polled in the seat. After the Liberal Party declined to field a candidate, Labor's primary vote was at 51 percent (57.9 percent at the last election), with the LDP on 23 percent, Aldridge on 10 percent, the Greens on 9 percent (4.6 percent), with remaining candidates on about 7 percent collectively.
Labor was expected to easily retain the seat.
Result
Labor retained the seat on a 66.7 percent two-candidate preferred vote against Aldridge, with a majority in all nine polling places – Ramsay remained the safest Labor seat in the parliament. Postal votes were included on 13 February, absentee and pre-poll votes were included on 14 February. Preference distributions occurred on 18 February. Results are final.
See also
List of South Australian House of Assembly by-elections
References
External links
Candidate "how-to-vote" preference cards for the 2012 Ramsay by-election: ECSA
2012 Ramsay by-election guide: ABC elections
Two By-elections for South Australia?, Antony Green: ABC elections 1 August 2011
Port Adelaide and Ramsay By-elections, Antony Green: ABC elections 20 December 2011
Port Adelaide and Ramsay By-election Updates, Antony Green: ABC elections 19 January 2012
2012 elections in Australia
South Australian state by-elections
2010s in South Australia
Pine Stump Junction is an unincorporated community in Luce County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The community is located within McMillan Township. As an unincorporated community, Pine Stump Junction has no legally defined boundaries or population statistics of its own.
Description
The community is centered along County Road 407 about halfway between Deer Park to the north and the village of Newberry to the south.
Pine Stump Junction is located at the junction of former logging roads in the area, one running approximately from Grand Marais in Alger County east to Paradise in Chippewa County, with many logging camps along the way. This logging trail was intersected by a north-south road from Newberry to Deer Park, approximately to the north on Lake Superior. The junction was marked by a huge pine stump with a big iron mailbox attached. Mail was brought from Newberry and left in the box to be picked up by someone from the camps along the Grand Marais-Paradise road. The place was named on county maps as early as the 1860s.
References
Unincorporated communities in Luce County, Michigan
Unincorporated communities in Michigan
André Giroux may refer to:
André Giroux (painter) (1801–1879), French painter and photographer
André Giroux (writer) (1916–1977), Canadian writer and 1949 Montyon Prize winner
Samuel Stephen Thomas Jones (born 6 September 1955) is an English former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Career
Born in Harrogate, Jones signed for Bradford City in September 1971 after playing as an apprentice, leaving the club in July 1975 to play in the Harrogate League. During his time with Bradford City he made two appearances in the Football League.
Sources
References
1955 births
Living people
English footballers
Bradford City A.F.C. players
English Football League players
Association football goalkeepers
Sybra acutipennis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Breuning in 1951.
References
acutipennis
Beetles described in 1951
Murder Has No Tongue is a 1937 mystery detective novel by Anthony Gilbert, the pen name of British writer Lucy Beatrice Malleson. It is the third in her long-running series featuring the unscrupulous London solicitor and detective Arthur Crook.
Synopsis
Flora Horsley, the wealthy wife of a Labour member of parliament is warned by a fortune teller that she will die if she does not leave her husband. She suspects her husband of having an affair, and fears he may attempt to murder her. When she dies within twenty-four hours, suspicion inevitably falls in her husband it is left to Arthur Crook to extricate him from a charge of murder.
References
Bibliography
Magill, Frank Northen . Critical Survey of Mystery and Detective Fiction: Authors, Volume 2. Salem Press, 1988.
Murphy, Bruce F. The Encyclopedia of Murder and Mystery. Springer, 1999.
Reilly, John M. Twentieth Century Crime & Mystery Writers. Springer, 2015.
1937 British novels
British mystery novels
British thriller novels
Novels by Anthony Gilbert
Novels set in London
British detective novels
Collins Crime Club books
Ernest of Austria may refer to:
Ernest, Margrave of Austria, ruled from 1055 to 1077
Ernest, Duke of Austria, ruled from 1402 to 1424
Archduke Ernest of Austria (1553–1595)
Rie fu is J-pop singer Rie fu's self-titled debut album, released in 2005. A portion of her bilingual (English and Japanese) song Life is Like a Boat was used as the closing theme for the first 13 episodes of the anime series Bleach.
Track listing
"笑って、恵みのもとへ" (Waratte, Megumi no Moto he; Laughing, To the Origin Of Grace)
"Beautiful Words"
"Somebody's World"
"2cm"
"I So Wanted"
"Decay"
"Prayers & Melodies"
"雨の日が好きって思ってみたい" (Ame no Hi ga Sukitte Omotte Mitai; I Want To Think I Like Rainy Days)
"Voice" (Album Version)
"ツキノウエ(Jamming Version)" (Tsuki no Ue; Over the Moon)
"Shine"
"Life is Like a Boat"
"~Interlude~"
"decay" (English Version)
2005 albums
Rie fu albums
Heracleum persicum, commonly known as Persian hogweed or by its native name Golpar () is a species of hogweed, a perennial herbaceous plant in the carrot family Apiaceae. It grows wild in humid mountainous regions in Iran and some adjacent areas. Having been introduced in the 1830s, it has spread across Scandinavia. It is now very common in northern Norway, where one of its names is Tromsø palm.
The plant has also been spotted in Sweden. In Finland, it has been declared as invasive species.
Persian hogweed is a polycarpic perennial, that is, a mature plant flowers and bears fruit season after season.
Invasiveness status
In Europe, Persian hogweed is included since 2016 in the list of Invasive Alien Species of Union concern (the Union list). This implies that this species cannot be imported, cultivated, transported, commercialized, planted, or intentionally released into the environment in the whole of the European Union.
Uses
Food uses
The seeds are used as a spice in Persian cooking. The very thin, small mericarps (seed-like fruits) are aromatic and slightly bitter. They are usually sold in powdered form and are often erroneously sold as "angelica seeds". The powder is sprinkled over broad beans, lentils and other legumes, and potatoes. Golpar is also used in soups and stews. It is often used sprinkled over pomegranate arils. Golpar is also mixed with vinegar into which broad beans are dipped before eating.
Golpar can be used in small amounts (1 or 2 tsp per pound) when cooking beans to reduce the effect of gas in the digestive tract associated with consuming beans.
In Persian cuisine, the petals are used in the spice mixture advieh to flavor rice dishes, as well as in chicken, Fish and bean dishes.
The tender leaves and leaf stalks can also be pickled (known as golpar torshi).
Public health and safety
The sap of the Tromsø palm contains furanocoumarins, which in combination with ultraviolet light, leads to phytophotodermatitis. There is some anecdotal evidence that H. persicum may be less dangerous than H. mantegazzianum with respect to phototoxicity.
Control measures
Known ways to fight Tromsø palm are the constant cutting of new shoots. When cutting down, protective equipment is recommended, and metal cutting tools should be cleaned after use because the juice is oxidizing.
See also
Heracleum, the genus
Other tall invasive Heracleum species: Heracleum mantegazzianum and Heracleum sosnowskyi
Non-invasive Heracleum species: Heracleum sphondylium and Heracleum maximum
Species that can be mistaken for Heracleum persicum: wild parsnip, garden angelica, wild angelica
References
External links
Analysis of the Oil of Heracleum persicum L. (seeds and stems)
Heracleum persicum, Heracleum glabrescens
Edible Apiaceae
Medicinal plants of Asia
Spices
Iranian cuisine
Apioideae
Club Deportivo Los Yébenes San Bruno is a Spanish football club based in the neighborhood of Aluche, Latina District, Madrid. Founded in 1970, they compete in the Madrid Football Federation with two seasons Third Division - Group 7. His field is the Eustasio Casallo. Founded in 1970, in its beginnings the club competed under the name of C.D. The Yebenes Aluche and at the end of the 80s joined the U.D. San Bruno, adopting the current name since then.
The soccer field "Eustasio Casallo", is located in the park "Cerro Almodóvar" of the district, next to the Street Los Yébenes that gives name to the club.
The field has an artificial grass surface, after the integral reform carried out in the summer of 2009 and completed in January 2010 with its reopening.
Very close to celebrating the 50th anniversary next season 2019-2020, the club has done a great social and sports work throughout all these years, mainly with young people from the area and the neighborhood of Aluche. The CD. Yébenes San Bruno has experienced exponential growth in recent years, becoming a benchmark in the south-west of Madrid. Thanks to the contribution of all the people who have passed through the club and the current management team, the club is in the best sporting stage of its history. To the recent promotions achieved by the first team to the Third National Division (currently in Regional Preferred), we must add the numerous successes and promotions achieved in all categories of grassroots football.
Season to season
2 seasons in Tercera División
External links
Official website
FFM profile
Football clubs in Madrid
Association football clubs established in 1970
1968 establishments in Spain
Latina (Madrid)
Marc Anderson is an American musician who has been performing since the 1970s
Marc Anderson may also refer to:
Marc A. Anderson (born 1945), American chemist
Marc Andreessen (born 1971), American entrepreneur
Marc Anderson, American Army ranger killed in 2002 at the Battle of Takur Ghar in Afghanistan
Marc Anderson, editor for the 1962 film The Brain That Wouldn't Die
See also
Mark Anderson (disambiguation)
Shweta Shetty (also known as Shwetaa in nickname) is an Indian pop singer known for her albums and for her contributions to Bollywood film soundtracks. Her most remix hit song is "Q-Funk" from the album Oorja in 1995.
Life and career
Shetty's album, Johnny Joker, was a success. She was awarded the Best Female Pop Artist for her work in the album Deewane To Deewane Hain at the 1998 Screen Awards.
Shetty was married to a German, Christian Brandt. She is cousin of Indian actresses Shilpa Shetty and Shamita Shetty.
Shweta launched a brand-new single Daro Na feat. Delhi based Music Producer Addy S during the pandemic which was shot and edited at home while in lockdown.
in 2021 shweta launched a remix of original song jalne mein hai mazza (1993) by salim-suleman with House music producer Addy S on Sony music India. the video was shot in goa and was very well received by the audience and critics alike as a 90s disco revivalist number.
Discography
Studio albums
Soundtracks
"Mangta Hai Kya" from Rangeela (1995)
"Kaale Kaale Baal" from Ziddi (1997)
"Main Deewani Main Mastani" from Bandhan (1998)
"Tote Tote Ho Gaya" from Bichhoo (2000)
"Lambo" from cancelled video game Lamborghini (2003)
Singles
''Daro Na feat. Addy S (2020)
Jalne Mein Hain Mazaa (Addy S Version) ( 2021)
References
Shweta and Addy S youtube Channel
Indipop-queen-shweta-shetty-is-back-with-a-house-infused-covid-anthem-daro-na with Addy S
indie-pop-queen-shweta-shetty-is-back-with-a-new-music-video with Addy S
shweta-shetty-is-back-with-her-own-youtube-channel
Year of birth missing (living people)
Indian women singer-songwriters
Indian women pop singers
Living people
21st-century Indian women singers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Mangamuka is a district in Northland, New Zealand, at the junction of the Mangamuka and Opurehu Rivers. State Highway 1 runs through the area, and the settlement of Mangamuka Bridge lies at the point where the highway crosses the Mangamuku River. The river runs into the upper Hokianga Harbour. Just to the north west, the highway runs through Mangamuka Gorge in the Maungataniwha Range. Umawera lies to the south east.
The New Zealand Ministry for Culture and Heritage gives a translation of "stream of the furled shoot of the plant" for .
History and culture
Ngāpuhi chief Hongi Hika was shot in the lungs during a minor engagement on the shores of the Mangamuka River in January 1829. The wound eventually killed him.
The first European surveyor on the Mangamuka River was von Sturmer. The first settlement was at Tutekehua in 1874, downstream from what later became Mangamuka Bridge. The settlers cleared the land, planted orchards, and grew grain. A fruit canning and jam making factory was established, although it no longer exists.
Marae
The local Mangamuka Marae and meeting house are affiliated with the Ngāpuhi hapū of Kōhatutaka and Te Uri Māhoe. Te Arohanui or Mangataipa Marae and Te Arohanui meeting house are affiliated with both the Ngāpuhi hapū of Kōhatutaka and Te Uri Māhoe, and Te Rarawa's hapū of Kōhatutaka, Tahāwai and Te Ihutai.
Omahuta Kauri Sanctuary
The Mangamuka Forest survived the logging era with many giant kauri trees intact. In 1952 the Omahuta Kauri Sanctuary was set up to provide public access to the trees, with boardwalks built to both protect the tree roots and keep visitor's feet dry. The walk takes 30–45 minutes.
Education
Mangamuka School is a coeducational contributing primary (years 1-6) school with a decile rating of 2 and a roll of 24.
Notes
Hokianga
Populated places in the Northland Region
Gunderic (; died before 711) was the Archbishop of Toledo briefly between Felix and Sindered from about 701. He was a Visigoth and is highly praised in the Chronicle of 754, according to which he was a holy man who performed many miracles. Though certainly a man of learning, none of his writings are preserved.
He presided over the Eighteenth Council of Toledo (probably 703), which may have been encouraged by king Wittiza to force marriage on the priesthood.
Sources
Collins, Roger. Visigothic Spain, 409–711. Blackwell Publishing, 2004.
Thompson, E. A. The Goths in Spain. Oxford: Clarendon Press, 1969.
8th-century Visigothic people
Archbishops of Toledo
8th-century archbishops
Marc Crousillat (17 January 1960 – 22 January 2022) was a French water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1988 Summer Olympics. He died in Marseille on 22 January 2022, at the age of 62.
References
External links
1960 births
2022 deaths
French male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of France
Water polo players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Water polo players from Marseille
Valentina Marcucci (born 21 February 1998) is an Argentinian field hockey player.
Hockey career
In 2021, Marcucci was called into the senior national women's team.
References
Living people
1998 births
Argentine female field hockey players
Field hockey players from Buenos Aires
21st-century Argentine women
Ág (, ) is a village () in northern Baranya County, Hegyhát District, in southern Hungary. Its population at the 2011 Census was 177.
Until the end of World War II, the majority of the Inhabitants was Protestant Danube Swabians, Mostly of the former German Settlers was expelled to Allied-occupied Germany and Allied-occupied Austria in 1945–1948, about the Potsdam Agreement.
Only a few Germans of Hungary live there, the majority today are the descendants of Hungarians from the Czechoslovak–Hungarian population exchange. They got the houses of the former Danube Swabians Inhabitants.
Local government
The village is governed by a mayor with a four-person council. The local government of the village operates a joint council office with the nearby localities of Gerényes, Kisvaszar, Tarrós, Tékes and Vásárosdombó. Ág maintains a branch office, but the seat of the joint council is in Vásárosdombó.
As of the election of 2019, the village also has a local minority self-government for its Roma community, with three elected representatives.
Transportation
The village is a cul-de-sac community, with only one access road connecting it to Road 6546 via nearby village Gerényes.
Railway
Vásárosdombó train station, to the west of the village off Road 6546. The station is on the Pusztaszabolcs–Pécs railway line and is operated by MÁV.
Road
Road 6546 connects the village to Vásárosdombó to the west and Komló to the south.
Main road 611, a north–south road accessible in Vásárosdombó, connects the village to its district seat Sásd and the town of Dombóvár.
External links
Street map
OpenStreetMap
References
Populated places in Baranya County
Marc Brisfer (born 8 May 1956) is a French water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1956 births
Living people
French male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of France
Water polo players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Tourcoing
Glendale Bungalow was a country house near Bandarawela, Sri Lanka. It is now part of the Bandarawela Central College.
History
At the height of World War II, school children where evacuated from Colombo after it was bombed by the Imperial Japanese Navy in 1942. Many of the prominent schools of Colombo were shifted to the relatively safer Bandarawela town. In 1942 forms 1 - 3 of Royal College, Colombo were moved from its temporary premises in a bungalow on Turret Road, Colombo to the Glendale Bungalow in Bandarawela. Later in 1944, the Royal Preparatory School was also shifted to Glendale. The school functioned as the Bandarawela branch of Royal College, Colombo until 1948, when the sections were moved back to Colombo.
After the departure of Royal College, a new school was established at the vacant premises. Glendale along with of surrounding land was given to the new school by Mr Hoak. In 1954, the prime minister Sir John Kotelawala declared open the college main hall and two storied building and in 1958, it was named as Bandarawela Senior School and after 1972, it became the Bandarwela Madya Maha Vidyalaya (Bandarawela Central College).
See also
Obeyesekere Walawa
References
Royal College, Colombo
Country houses in Sri Lanka
Bandarawela Central College
Houses in Badulla District
Keller Peninsula is a high peninsula separating Mackellar Inlet and Martel Inlet in Admiralty Bay, on King George Island, in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica. The name Keller was applied by the French Antarctic Expedition under Jean-Baptiste Charcot, who charted Admiralty Bay in December 1909.
Station G
Keller Peninsula was the location of the British research Station G. The first hut was built on January 18, 1947 and a second was constructed on February 14, 1948 and moved to Signy Island in 1950. A hut, known as Sparrow House, was built on January 28, 1949 and a third was established on January 6, 1956. The researchers had the tasks of the searching in the fields of meteorology, glaciology and geology. The station was inhabited in the austral summer 1947 and from January 1948 to January 19, 1961. The buildings were demolished from July 1995 to February 1996 by members of the Brazilian Antarctic Expedition of the nearby Comandante Ferraz Antarctic Station.
See also
List of Antarctic research stations
List of Antarctic field camps
Crime in Antarctica
Plaza Point
References
Peninsulas of King George Island (South Shetland Islands)
A key risk indicator (KRI) is a measure used in management to indicate how risky an activity is. Key risk indicators are metrics used by organizations to provide an early signal of increasing risk exposures in various areas of the enterprise. It differs from a key performance indicator (KPI) in that the latter is meant as a measure of how well something is being done while the former is an indicator of the possibility of future adverse impact. KRI give an early warning to identify potential events that may harm continuity of the activity/project.
KRIs are a mainstay of operational risk analysis.
Definitions
According to OECD
A risk indicator is an indicator that estimates the potential for some form of resource degradation using mathematical formulas or models.
Risk management
Security risk management
According to Risk IT framework by ISACA, key risk indicators are metrics capable of showing that the organization is subject or has a high probability of being subject to a risk that exceed the defined risk appetite.
Organizations have different sizes and environment. So every enterprise should choose its own KRI, taking into account the following steps:
Consider the different stakeholders of the organization
Make a balanced selection of risk indicators, covering performance indicators, lead indicators and trends
Ensure that the selected indicators drill down to the root cause of the events
Choose high relevant and high probability of predicting important risks:
High business impact
Easy to measure
With high correlation with the risk
Sensitivity
Determine thresholds and triggers for the set of KRI's
Locate and fold in data sources that contribute or feed data into KRI triggers
Determine notification methods, recipients, and action or response sequences
The constant measure of KRI can bring the following benefits to the organization:
Provide an early warning: a proactive action can take place
Provide a backward looking view on risk events, so lesson can be learned by the past
Provide an indication that the risk appetite and tolerance are reached
Provide real time actionable intelligence to decision makers and risk managers
Advances in hosted cloud data storage, data federation, and data aggregation have enabled data supply chains for real time calculation of key risk indicators across heretofore unlinked or disconnected data sources. Risk level dashboards can be supplemented with real time push notifications of risk. Systems methods and tools addressing triggering of notifications when targets are attained for key risk indicators have been evolving. Calculating and enabling notifications of key risk indicators used to be a unique benefit of enterprise software packages. With the evolution of API's to calculate trigger values for key risk indicators across various data sources, the potential for risk managers to include data external to an enterprise or external to an enterprise database has changed the risk management landscape.
Qualities of good key risk indicators
Some qualities of a good key risk indicator include:
Ability to measure the right thing (e.g., supports the decisions that need to be made)
Quantifiable (e.g., damages in dollars of profit loss)
Capability to be measured precisely and accurately
Ability to be validated against ground truth, and confidence level one has in the assertions made within the framework of the metric
See also
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
Enterprise risk management
ISO 31000
References
Metrics
Operational risk
GOST 10859 (1964) is a standard of the Soviet Union which defined how to encode data on punched cards. This standard allowed a variable word size, depending on the type of data being encoded, but only uppercase characters.
These include the non-ASCII “decimal exponent symbol” . It was used to express real numbers in scientific notation. For example: 6.0221415⏨23.
The character was also part of the ALGOL programming language specifications and was incorporated into the then German character encoding standard ALCOR. GOST 10859 also included numerous other non-ASCII characters/symbols useful to ALGOL programmers, e.g.: ∨, ∧, ⊃, ≡, ¬, ≠, ↑, ↓, ×, ÷, ≤, ≥, °, &, ∅, compare with ALGOL operators.
Character sets
See also
KOI-7 (GOST 13052-67)
KOI-8 (GOST 19768-74)
References
ГОСТ 10859-64. Машины вычислительные. Коды алфавитно-цифровые для перфокарт и перфолент.
GOST 10859 (from the Computer Museum of University of Amsterdam)
GOST 10859
Further reading
Cyrillic alphabet representations
Character sets
GOST standards
Russian-language computing
Computing in the Soviet Union
Ben Parry is a retired American soccer defender who played professionally in the USISL.
Youth
In 1993, Parry graduated from North Stanly High School where he was an State soccer player. He attended UNC Charlotte where he was a 1997 Second Team All American.
Professional
In 1996, Parry played for the Cocoa Expos. On February 1, 1998, the San Jose Clash selected Parry in the first round (third overall) of the 1998 MLS College Draft. He spent most of the beginning of the season on injured reserve before going on loan to the MLS Project 40 team for three weeks. The Clash waived him at the end of June 1998. He signed with the Charleston Battery of the USISL for the remainder of the season. In 1999, he played for the Raleigh Capital Express and in 2001 with the Charlotte Eagles.
References
External links
1976 births
Living people
American soccer players
Charleston Battery players
Charlotte Eagles players
Charlotte 49ers men's soccer players
Cocoa Expos players
Raleigh (Capital) Express players
San Jose Earthquakes players
USISL A-League players
MLS Pro-40 players
USL A-League players
San Jose Earthquakes draft picks
Association football defenders
The Kachin conflict or the Kachin War is one of the multiple conflicts which are collectively referred to as the internal conflict in Myanmar. Kachin insurgents have been fighting against the Tatmadaw (Myanmar Armed Forces) since 1961, with only one major ceasefire being brokered between them, which lasted from 1994 to 2011, a total of 17 years.
Since the resumption of hostilities in 2011, thousands of civilians have been killed, whilst over 100,000 more have been displaced. Widespread use of landmines, child soldiers, systematic rape and torture have been alleged by both sides.
Background
The Kachin people (or the Jingpo) are a confederation of six ethnic groups whose homeland encompasses territory in the Kachin Hills of northern Myanmar, in southern China (Yunnan) and northeastern India. Following Burmese independence from the United Kingdom, many ethnic minorities, including the Kachins, campaigned for self-determination and independence. The Kachin Independence Organisation (KIO) was founded by dissidents in 1960 as a result of the grievances which existed between the majority-Bamar union government and the Kachin people. The Kachin Independence Army (KIA) was established as its armed wing in 1961, acting as a private army with 27 members. In the early 1960s the KIA began expanding and increasing in numbers, especially after the 1962 Burmese coup d'état and its perceived threat by ethnic minorities.
First conflict (1961–1994)
Following the unilateral abrogation of the Union of Burma's constitution by General Ne Win and his regime in 1962, many Kachin soldiers in the Tatmadaw (armed forces) defected and joined the Kachin Independence Army (KIA). The KIA did not only fight government soldiers, but occasionally clashed with communists outside and inside their own ranks. The Communist Party of Burma (CPB) had periodically been the KIA's ally and enemy during different years, and a communist-backed faction split from the KIA in 1989, becoming the New Democratic Army - Kachin (NDA-K).
Aside from its major towns and railway corridor, KIA-controlled areas in Kachin State remained virtually independent and isolated from the rest of Myanmar from the mid-1960s through 1994, with an economy based on cross-border jade trade with China and narcotics trafficking.
After a military offensive by the Myanmar Army in 1994 seized most of the jade mines in Kachin State, the KIA signed a ceasefire agreement with the then-ruling SLORC military junta on 24 February 1994, which resulted in an end to large-scale fighting that lasted until June 2011.
Second conflict (2011–present)
2011
Armed clashes erupted between the Kachin Independence Army (KIA) and the Myanmar Army on 9 June 2011, when government forces broke the ceasefire and attacked KIA positions along the Taping River east of Bhamo, Kachin State, near the Taping hydroelectric plant. Fighting occurred throughout Kachin State, as well as northwestern parts of Shan State.
According to news reports, the recent fighting broke out as a result of the Burmese government's attempts to seize KIA-controlled areas, which are located around lucrative energy projects in Kachin and Shan State backed by the Chinese government. Despite a December 2011 statement by Myanmar's President Thein Sein that he had ordered the Myanmar Army to cease its offensive in Kachin State, the conflict continued into 2012.
2012
In 2012, the largest battles of the reignited conflict occurred in March, along the Myitkyina–Bhamo road. In April, the battle for Pangwa in Chipwi Township near Luchang was fought between the KIA and the government soldiers. Clashes erupted again in late April, when the KIA launched an offensive to capture Burmese military posts around Pangwa. The KIA offensive succeeded and the Myanmar Army retreated from the area by the end of April. In August, the KIA claimed that 140 government troops were killed when they exploded mines buried inside the Myauk Phyu ("White Monkey") jade mine, which was owned by the Wai Aung Kaba Company.
2013
Fortified KIA positions were heavily damaged by airstrikes and artillery launched by the Myanmar Army from December 2012 to January 2013.
On 2 January 2013, the Burmese government confirmed that it carried out airstrikes a few days earlier against the ethnic rebels in northern Kachin, in response to attacks by the Kachin Independence Army. The US government stated that it would "be formally expressing our concern" over the escalation of force used by Myanmar government. On 3 January 2013, the KIA alleged that air-strikes had continued to occur for the sixth consecutive day in the area around Laiza and there were allegations that the Myanmar Armed Forces was also using chemical weapons UN Secretary General Ban Ki Moon stated following the incidents that Burma's authorities should "desist from any action that could endanger the lives of civilians living in the area or further intensify conflict in the region".
2014
On 14 June 2014, KIA insurgents captured two hydroelectric plants and took six government soldiers and several Chinese workers hostage for several hours, before the Myanmar Army stormed the buildings. A total of six people were killed and four others were wounded in the incident.
On 19 November 2014, government soldiers attacked the KIA's headquarters near Laiza, killing at least 22 insurgents.
Ceasefire attempts
Numerous rounds of ceasefire talks have taken place between the Kachin Independence Army and the government of Myanmar since fighting resumed in June 2011. According to an 18 December 2012 report by Swedish journalist Bertil Lintner in the Hong Kong-based Asia Times Online, many people have criticised the foreign backed ceasefire efforts for "avoiding discussions of political issues and only emphasizing ceasefires, disarmament and economic development, those interlocutors—including a 'Peace Support Initiative' sponsored by the Norwegian government and in a separate initiative the Switzerland-based Centre for Humanitarian Dialogue—are essentially promoting the government's view". The Australian reported that some Kachin Business leaders were calling on Aung San Suu Kyi to help mediate the dispute and on 6 January 2012, Aung San Suu Kyi said that she could not step into the negotiations without an official invitation from the government to do so, which she had not received.
2013 ceasefire talks
On 18 January 2013, immediately prior to an international donors conference in Myanmar, President Thein Sein announced a unilateral ceasefire in the war between the army and the KIO. The ceasefire was said to take effect the following day, on 19 January, but light fighting was also reported the following day and a full-scale government assault was reportedly launched on 20 January and included "sustained mortar and artillery fire" followed by "hundreds of Burmese troops" storming a KIA base on the outskirts of rebel-held town of Laiza.
The government of Thein Sein was reported to be under pressure from "political and business circles" who believed the "escalating conflict would undermine Myanmar's emergence from decades of diplomatic isolation" and had passed a resolution in parliament calling on Min Aung Hlaing, the military's commander-in-chief, to scale down the war. Min Aung Hlaing responded by stating that the military would only carry out attacks only in "self-defense"—the rationale it has consistently given since December 2011 for prosecuting a war against the KIA and the rationale it gave for allowing airstrikes on rebel positions starting on 26 December 2012.
On 4 February, Burmese government and the Kachin Independence Army met in Ruili, China and agreed to reduce military tension in Kachin State and hold further peace talks later in February. However no talks took place later in February but almost no armed clash reportedly happened in Kachin State after the peace talks. According to Mizzima News, on 26 February a KIO central committee member claimed that they would not be meeting with the government in February because they needed more time to consult with the "Kachin people" regarding the negotiations. Burmese government and KIA renewed peace talks in Ruili, China on 11 March 2013. The Chinese government's refusal to allow observers from western countries at peace talks had delayed negotiations, despite the Chinese rejecting the allegations.
On 30 May, Burmese government and Kachin Independence Army signed a preliminary ceasefire agreement that would lead to further progress towards reaching a peace deal. The parties however, failed to reach an official ceasefire agreement. United Nations special adviser on Myanmar, Vijay Nambiar, also joined the meeting as an observer, along with representatives of China and other ethnic minorities.
However, the Burmese government and Kachin Independence Army failed to reach a permanent ceasefire agreement after several peace talks in 2013, but agreed to work together towards permanent ceasefire agreement and reduce hostilities.
2014 ceasefire talks
Renewed fighting broke out in April 2014 when the Burmese army attacked various KIA positions around Mansi Township, Kachin State and northern Shan State to eradicate timber smuggling and to control strategic routes around their strongholds. The Kachin Independence Army requested a meeting in Myitkyina on 10 May to lessen tensions between the sides.
Negotiations aimed at drafting a nationwide ceasefire agreement began in April 2014 at the Myanmar Peace Centre between representatives of various ethnic armed groups and the Burmese government, but the KIA and Ta'ang National Liberation Army (TNLA) were not among the negotiators.
The KIA's deputy commander-in-chief Gun Maw urged the United States to get involved in the peace process in April 2014.
2018
In March 2018, the Tatmadaw (Myanmar Armed Forces) launched airstrikes against the KIA in Tanai Township, which is part of a large mining region.
Between 1 and 6 April 2018, Tatmadaw soldiers allegedly attacked KIA positions in the KIA-controlled Mansi Township, though no reports of fighting emerged from the region. The KIA later raided the Tatmadaw's Battalion 86 military base in Hpakant Township on 6 April 2018, killing eight government soldiers and capturing 13. By 10 April 2018, locals claimed that 18 Tatmadaw soldiers and three KIA insurgents had been killed in the clashes.
Accusations of abuses perpetrated by the Tatmadaw against civilians emerged in March and April 2018, which included allegations that Tatmadaw soldiers specifically targeted and killed two Kachin and six Shanni farmers. Several civilians were also wounded in the crossfire.
By May 2018, 6,000 IDPs had fled armed clashes and shelling by the Myanmar Army, whilst hundreds more remained trapped in villages caught between the crossfire. Hunger became a prevalent issue for IDPs, with some resorting to eating banana stems.
2021–present
After the 2021 Myanmar coup, the KIA has refused to recognize the military regime and soon clashes have resumed between the KIA and regime troops.
On 25 March, the KIA seized the military base of Alaw Bum near Laiza, which they had lost for over 20 years. On 11 April, the junta military launched an attack to recapture the base using airstrikes and ground troops. The military suffered heavy casualties and had to retreat after a three days battle.
On 3 May, the Kachin Independence Army said they have shot down a government helicopter near the town of Momauk following days of air raids.
On 7 May, KIA spokesman claimed the military has suffered casualties after regime fighter jets mistakenly dropped bombs at their own troops in Momauk Township.
On 18 May, the KIA ambushed a military convoy and destroyed six tanker trucks near Kutkai Township.
On 22 May, the KIA attacked military positions, and jade mining sites owned by the Myanmar Economic Holdings Ltd (MEHL) in Namtsit Bum in Hkamti Township.
On 25 May, fighting flared up between the KIA and junta troops in Momauk Township, forcing civilians to flee from military shellings.
On 30 May, the KIA joined the anti-coup People's Defence Force (PDF) battling junta troops in Katha Township, killing eight regime soldiers. Fighting was also continuing in Putao, Hpakant and Momauk Township.
Civilians and refugees
Civilians have also been killed in fighting as well as having been specifically targeted. Civilians were often displaced by fighting and faced dangers such as landmines which were frequently laid by government and rebel forces without regard for civilians. Although some civilians had crossed the border with China most remained in northern Burma as of December 2012.
Refugees were being forced by the Chinese government back into Myanmar in August 2012 despite the continued fighting there and the illegality of forcibly returning civilians to war zones under international law. Women have played a significant role in the conflict as both combatants and victims. Time Magazine documented the presence of many female KIA soldiers in 2012.
In February 2013 the NGO Kachin Women's Association Thailand (KWAT) reported that the fighting had created over 100,000 refugees and that 364 villages had been wholly or partially abandoned since 2011. The organisation's report also stated that the Burmese Army deliberately attacked refugee camps and villages as well as committed alleged "war crimes" such as the rape and murder of civilians.
The United Nations stated on 28 April 2018 that more than 4,000 people were displaced since armed clashes resumed earlier in the month.
Child soldiers
Child soldiers are a major part of the Myanmar Army's and insurgent groups' soldiers. The Independent reported in June 2012 that children were being sold to the Burmese military for "as little as $40 and a bag of rice or a can of petrol". The UN's Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Children and Armed Conflict, Radhika Coomaraswamy, who stepped down from her position a week later, met representatives of the Government of Myanmar on 5 July 2012, and stated that she hoped the government's signing of an action plan would "signal a transformation".
In September 2012, the Tatmadaw (armed forces) released 42 child soldiers and the International Labour Organization met with representatives of the government as well as the Kachin Independence Army to secure the release of more child soldiers. According to Samantha Power, a US delegation raised the issue of child soldiers with the government in October 2012, however, she did not comment on the government's progress towards reform in this area. A Bangkok Post article on 23 December 2012, reported that the Myanmar Armed Forces continued to use child soldiers including during the army's large offensive against the KIA.
See also
References
Internal conflict in Myanmar
Wars involving Myanmar
Conflicts in 2013
Conflicts in 2014
Ongoing conflicts
Conflicts in 2022
Separatism in Myanmar
Kachin people
Emmen is a village and municipality in the district of Hochdorf in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland. The municipality Emmen consists of the village Emmen, the town Emmenbrücke, and several hamlets.
History
Emmen is first mentioned in 840 as Emau.
Geography
My budy eric has an area of . Of this area, 46.6% is used for agricultural purposes, while 18.2% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 33.3% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (1.9%) is non-productive (rivers, glaciers or mountains). , 18.19% of the total land area was forested. Of the agricultural land, 44.69% is used for farming or pastures, while 1.92% is used for orchards or vine crops. Of the settled areas, 14.55% is covered with buildings, 5.7% is industrial, 1.62% is classed as special developments, 1.97% is parks or greenbelts and 9.49% is transportation infrastructure. Of the unproductive areas, 0.25% is unproductive standing water (ponds or lakes), and the other 1.62% is unproductive flowing water (rivers).
The municipality is part of the metropolitan area of Lucerne. It is located at the confluence of the Kleine Emme into the Reuss.
The naturalization law
The municipality of Emmen hit international headlines in 2001 when it announced new naturalization law. While there are some fixed requirements for obtaining Swiss citizenship by naturalization set at the federal level, such as the requirement to live and work for 12 years and speak the local language, Swiss cantons and communities are free to introduce more stringent requirements. Until 2001, naturalization was run by a popularly elected committee. But Emmen decided to have the citizens themselves run the nationalization process, requiring that potential citizens pass a series of tests and public interviews and subjecting citizenship applications to the public vote.
This process prevented many Yugoslavs-Swiss people, the largest ethnic group among citizenship candidates (Emmen has one of the largest of ex-Yugoslav community in Switzerland), from obtaining citizenship. Human rights campaigners said that the public interviews and voting were degrading. In July 2003, the practice was ruled discriminatory and unconstitutional by the Supreme Court. Emmen has since returned to the previous system of naturalization committees.
Population by nationality
Emmen has a population () of 27,205, of which 30.7% are foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years the population has grown at a rate of 2.7%. Most of the population () speaks German (81.6%), with Serbo-Croatian being second most common (5.0%) and Italian being third (3.9%).
Industry
The main industries are steel production, milk processing and arms manufacture. The biggest employers in these areas are Schmolz + Bickenbach, Emmi AG and Ruag respectively. There is the so-called ´golden triangle´ of the sewage plant, the air force base and the waste incinerating plant. Because of the Emmen Air Force Base and the Emmen Anti Aircraft Unit, many of the inhabitants are directly or indirectly employed by the Air Force.
Emmen has an unemployment rate of 3.62%. , there were 257 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 58 businesses involved in this sector. 5260 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 213 businesses in this sector. 8139 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 693 businesses in this sector. 51.6% of the population of the municipality were employed in some capacity. At the same time, females made up 42.8% of the workforce.
Demographics
In the 2007 election the most popular party was the SVP which received 33.5% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the CVP (20.8%), the FDP (20.1%) and the SPS (14.2%).
The age distribution in Emmen is; 5,990 people or 21.7% of the population is 0–19 years old. 7,735 people or 28.1% are 20–39 years old, and 9,489 people or 34.4% are 40–64 years old. The senior population distribution is 3,194 people or 11.6% are 65–79 years old, 1,014 or 3.7% are 80–89 years old and 146 people or 0.5% of the population are 90+ years old.
The entire Swiss population is generally well educated. In Emmen about 61.4% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a Fachhochschule).
there are 11,165 households, of which 3,720 households (or about 33.3%) contain only a single individual. 801 or about 7.2% are large households, with at least five members. there were 2,737 inhabited buildings in the municipality, of which 2,339 were built only as housing, and 398 were mixed use buildings. There were 1,131 single family homes, 217 double family homes, and 991 multi-family homes in the municipality. Most homes were either two (868) or three (791) story structures. There were only 133 single story buildings and 547 four or more story buildings.
the religious membership of Emmen was; 17,253 (64.2%) were Roman Catholic, and 3,416 (12.7%) were Protestant, with an additional 1,327 (4.94%) that were of some other Christian faith. There are 9 individuals (0.03% of the population) who are Jewish. There are 1,848 individuals (6.87% of the population) who are Muslim. Of the rest; there were 228 (0.85%) individuals who belong to another religion, 1,753 (6.52%) who do not belong to any organized religion, 1,051 (3.91%) who did not answer the question.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Transportation
The municipality is thoroughly served by Lucerne's urban transit system VBL, which is part of the fare network passepartout. Two railway lines (S1, RE, S9, S99) lead through the municipality and serves four railway stations: , , , and Waldibrücke. All stops in the municipality are situated within passepartout's innermost zone No. 10, the same as Lucerne.
The military airbase Emmen Air Base is part of the municipality.
Sport
FC Emmenbrücke is the village's football club.
Notable people
Xaver Kurmann (born 1948) a retired Swiss amateur cyclist
Raphael Koch (born 1990) a footballer, currently plays as a defender for FC Solothurn
Mario Bühler (born 1992) a football defender playing for FC Vaduz
Kurt Koch (born 1950) cardinal and President of the Pontifical Council for Promoting Christian Unity. He was the bishop of Basel from 1996 until 2010.
Loredana (born 1995) Rapperin
References
External links
Official Website
BBC report on the Emmen citizenship tests
Cities in Switzerland
Municipalities of the canton of Lucerne
The 2016 Washington State Cougars football team represented Washington State University during the 2016 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The team was coached by fifth-year head coach Mike Leach and played their home games at Martin Stadium in Pullman, Washington. They were members of the North Division of the Pac-12 Conference. They finished the season 8–5, 7–2 in Pac-12 play to finish in second place in the North Division. They were invited to the Holiday Bowl where they were defeated by Minnesota.
Previous season
Schedule
Rankings
Game summaries
Eastern Washington
at Boise State
Idaho
Oregon
at Stanford
UCLA
at Arizona State
at Oregon State
Arizona
California
at Colorado
Washington
Minnesota–Holiday Bowl
Coaching staff
Source:
References
Washington State
Washington State Cougars football seasons
Washington State Cougars football
The 1973–74 Danish 1. division season was the 17th season of ice hockey in Denmark. Ten teams participated in the league, and Gladsaxe SF won the championship. The Frederikshavn White Hawks were relegated.
First round
Final round
The top six teams qualified for the final round, and Gladsaxe SF finished first.
External links
Season on eliteprospects.com
Danish
1973 in Danish sport
1974 in Danish sport
Oleg Vladimirovich Podruzhko (; born 14 May 1964) is a former Russian football player.
His son Dmitri Podruzhko is a professional footballer.
References
1964 births
Living people
Soviet footballers
FC Dynamo Stavropol players
FC Chernomorets Novorossiysk players
FC Zhemchuzhina Sochi players
Russian footballers
Russian Premier League players
Russian expatriate footballers
Russian expatriate sportspeople in Malaysia
Expatriate footballers in Malaysia
FC Sheksna Cherepovets players
Association football defenders
FC Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk players
FC Dynamo Vologda players
FC Bulat Cherepovets players
Çobanlar is a village in the District of Gazipaşa, Antalya Province, Turkey.
History
The village's name is mentioned as being Çobanlı in the Ottoman Archives.
References
Villages in Gazipaşa District
Marsa Ben M'Hidi District is a district of Tlemcen Province in north-western Algeria.
Districts of Tlemcen Province
John Wren-Lewis (1923 – 25 June 2006) was a British-born scientist who taught at universities in Great Britain and the United States of America. He became known for his publications ranging over the fields of science, psychology, education and religion. He played a leading part in the so-called "Death of God" movement in Britain. In later life, after a traumatic near-death experience in Thailand in 1983, he wrote and taught about the meaning of mysticism and a broad spectrum of spiritual teachings.
Life
Wren-Lewis graduated in applied mathematics from the Imperial College of Science, University of London. In the 1950s and 1960s, while working as industrial research executive with Imperial Chemical Industries, he became known for his publications as scholar, author and lecturer on topics of science, psychology, education and religion.
As of 1970 he was president of the British Association for Humanistic Psychology, which later became the European Association for Humanistic Psychology.
Participating in the Regents' Lectureship Program in the UC Santa Barbara in 1971–1972, he moved to the United States in 1972 with his life partner, the dream psychologist Ann Faraday. In 1972 he joined New College of Florida in Sarasota as visiting professor of religious studies and member of the faculty until 1974. Faraday and Lewis worked with the Esalen Institute since 1976. He has taught at universities in Great Britain and the United States of America.
Travel to Asia and near-death experience
John and Ann left the US to undertake three years of extended travel to India and East Asia.
They spent the year 1982 together in Malaysia. Earlier, in her publications relating to dream theory, Ann Faraday had cited writings of Kilton Stewart, who had seen great potential in what he had called "Senoi dream theory", and similarly Patricia Garfield referred to techniques of the Senoi when describing her work on dreams. However, Faraday and Wren-Lewis did not find any evidence supporting the use of dream control education in local culture.
In 1983, travelling with Ann, he was nearly poisoned to death in Thailand in the course of an attempt of robbery and underwent a near-death experience which profoundly changed his world view, and which has since been cited as a well-known example of experience of transcendent consciousness. Having been a convinced sceptic up to that point, he changed perspective. He said of the movie Fearless by Peter Weir that it conveyed "the actual feeling of a dimension beyond the life of space and time". He has described his changed view of perception in the words:
Australia and death
In 1984 the couple moved to Australia. He later said of himself that at that moment he was "still reeling" from his experience of a year before. He became honorary associate at the Faculty of Religious Studies at the University of Sydney.
He and Ann Faraday together wrote a book The 9:15 to Nirvana about his near-death experience.
As recorded in the Ryerson Index, he died on 25 June 2006 at Shoalhaven, New South Wales, aged 82 years.
Views
After his near-death experience, Wren-Lewis was no longer a sceptic of mysticism as such, yet remained critical of endeavours aimed at attaining personal growth and spiritual awakening by following existing paths of practice, in particular when undertaken with the aid of a guru. His change in viewpoint was reflected in his later work:
The psychologist Imants Barušs has interpreted this as a notion of a pre-physical substrate with similarity to the implicate order, as it has been postulated by theoretical physicists David Bohm and Basil Hiley.
In his book review of Ken Wilber's book Grace and Grit: Sprirituality and Healing in the Life and Death of Treya Killam Wilber, he wrote:
{{Quote|My conviction, which I share with Jean Houston and many others, is that the human race is entering a new phase, a new dispensation if you will, wherein we can develop a more truly empirical mysticism than has ever existed in the dogma-dominated cultures of the past.<ref>Book review of Ken Wilber's book Grace and Grit: Sprirituality and Healing in the Life and Death of Treya Killam Wilber (PDF)</ref>}}
See also
Ann Faraday
Publications
Books
John Wren-Lewis: What shall we tell the children?, Constable (London), 1971,
Charles Rycroft, Geoffrey Gorer, Anthony Storr, John Wren-Lewis, Peter Lomas: Psychoanalysis Observed, Edited with an introduction by Charles Rycroft, Coward-McCann, 1967 – Book Review
C.F.D. Moule, John Wren-Lewis, D.A. Pond, P.R. Baelz: Faith, Fact and Fantasy, Westminster Press, 1966
Articles
John Wren-Lewis: The implications of Near-Death Experiences for Understanding Post-Traumatic Growth, Psychological Inquiry, vol. 15 no. 1, 2004
John Wren-Lewis: A Terrible Beauty: Reflections on Love and the Near-Death Experience. First appeared in IONS Review No. 54, December 2000 – February 2001, pp. 16–19 (now published under the name Shift–At the Frontiers of Consciousness)
John Wren-Lewis: On Babies and Bathwater: A Non-Ideological Alternative to Mahner/Bunge Proposals for Relating Science and Religion in Education, Science and Education, Kluwer Academic Publishers, 1996, pp. 185–188, abstract
John Wren-Lewis: Death Knell of the Guru System? Perfectionism Versus Enlightenment, Journal of Humanistic Psychology Spring 1994, vol. 34 no. 2, pp. 46–61, , abstract
John Wren-Lewis: Aftereffects of near-death experiences: A survival mechanism hypothesis, Journal of Transpersonal Psychology vol. 26 no. 2, 1994, pp. 107–115, abstract
John Wren-Lewis: Avoiding the Columbus Confusion: An Ockhamish View of Near-Death Research, Guest Editorial, Springer, Journal of Near-Death Studies, 1992, vol. 11 no. 2, pp. 75–81, , abstract
John Wren-Lewis: The Darkness of God. A Personal Report on Consciousness Transformation Through an Encounter with Death, Journal of Humanistic Psychology Spring 1988, vol. 28 no. 2 pp. 105–122, , abstract (and excerpt in German translation)
John Wren-Lewis: Resistance to the study of the paranormal, Journal of Humanistic Psychology vol. 14 no. 2, Springer 1974, pp. 41–48, , abstract
John Wren-Lewis: Faith in the technological future, Futures, vol. 2 no. 3, September 1970, pp. 258–262
John Wren-Lewis: The Passing of Puritanism I, Critical Quarterly, vol. 5 no. 4, pp. 295–306, December 1963 (Article first published online: 28 September 2007, ) abstract
References
External links
Wren Lewis at www.capacitie.org, with archive and links
Comments from Professor John Wren-Lewis on Susan Blackmore's book Dying to Live: Science and the Near Death Experience, Harper Collins, 1993 (PDF)
John Wren-Lewis: The dazzling dark (full text)
Book Review by John Wren-Lewis, University of Sydney, of the book The Little Book of Life and Death'' by D. E. Harding (PDF)
British scientists
Near-death experience researchers
2006 deaths
1923 births
British expatriates in the United States
Alumni of Imperial College London
British expatriates in India
British expatriates in Malaysia
British expatriates in Australia
Syrian Church may refer to:
- any Christian denomination belonging to the Christianity in Syria, including:
Syrian Orthodox Churches - Orthodox denominations in Syria
Syrian Catholic Churches - Catholic denominations in Syria
Syrian Protestant Churches - Protestant denominations in Syria
See also
Syrian (disambiguation)
Syrian Orthodox Church (disambiguation)
Syrian Catholic Church (disambiguation)
Syriac Church (disambiguation)
See also Campbell Settlement, York County
Campbell Settlement is a settlement in Kings County, New Brunswick between Nackawic between Route 595 and Route 105.
History
Notable people
See also
List of communities in New Brunswick
References
Settlements in New Brunswick
Communities in Kings County, New Brunswick
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Noble County, Oklahoma.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Noble County, Oklahoma, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a map.
There are 13 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.
Current listings
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places listings in Oklahoma
References
Noble County
Buildings and structures in Noble County, Oklahoma
Yaralı, Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Polatlı District
Rhyssoplax suteri is a rare species of chiton in the family Chitonidae.
References
Powell A. W. B., New Zealand Mollusca, William Collins Publishers Ltd, Auckland, New Zealand 1979
Chitonidae
Chitons of New Zealand
Molluscs described in 1910
The Orkney Natural History Society was a scientific society established in 1837 on Orkney, Scotland by Rev. William Stobbs, and Rev. William Clouston, L.L.D.
It was one of many provincial naturalist societies to emerge in Victorian Britain. Their role in contributing knowledge, collecting specimens, and fostering cultures of scientific inquiry outside the metropolitan centers is now widely recognized by historians of science.
Founding
The Orkney Natural History Society was established on the 28th of December 1837 at Stromness, Orkney. Its first Annual Report stated that the society aimed at 'investigating the Natural History and Antiquities' of Orkney county, 'promoting of natural science by the support of a museum', and 'stimulating the inhabitants of these islands to study of the Almighty's works'. It organised public lectures and excursions and founded the Stromness Museum, which is still in existence today.
By 1838, the society's collection of specimens included 100 fossil fish, 400 minerals, 60 specimens of birds, 200 eggs, and 600 land plants.
People
The first President was the Reverend Charles Clouston, a Prebystarian Minister from Stromness. The second president was the Rev. William Clouston, who published widely on Orkney flora and fauna. Members in this early period included marine botanist Dr Pollexfen, Dr Wallace, Dr P. Neill, and Dr Traill. Prominent botanist and astronomer Edward Joseph Lowe was an honorary member. The Society's First Annual Report listed 118 ordinary members.
The Stromness Museum
The Orkney Natural History Society founded the Stromness Museum. The museum was intended to promote the study of the natural sciences. Specimens were sourced from Upper Canada, Norway, France, Italy, Britain and Orkney itself. It held notable collections in Orkney algae and birds.
In 1858, the museum moved into 52 Alfred Street, Stromness, above the Town Hall. In the 1920s, the Society bought up the Old Town Hall building where it remains today. The museum was re-opened on the site in February 1931 by Lord Lieutenant of Orkney.
Today, the museum features collections in natural history, maritime history, ethnography, archaeology and social history.
References
Natural history societies
Organizations established in 1837
1837 establishments in Scotland
Learned societies of Scotland
Organisations based in Orkney
Segermes is an ancient town in Tunisia. Under the Roman Empire, the city belonged to the province of Byzacena.
The town is identified with ruins at Henchir Harat, Zaghouan( 36° 20′ 43″ N, 10° 18′ 03″ E).
Archaeology
The historical site is the most important archaeological site in the state of Zaghouan. It has a relatively large area, estimated at thirty (30) hectares. Historical and archeological data confirm the richness of this area with the archaeological stock left by successive civilizations from the Carthaginians and Romans to the Byzantines.
The city has an important and unique architectural center, of which we can distinguish a capital built in the heart of the city around a spacious courtyard around the "Forum" in the center of public life. And a large public square opened by the majority of religious and public services and two bathrooms (winter bath and summer) and two churches and two old tombs and also site several large water reservoirs and water channels
The origins of the town are said in legend to be based on the location of a mythical falcon.
Description
Located on a shallow land, in the center of a rich peasant village on the outskirts of the village of Boucher, from the Mausoleum of Zeribah, and on the ancient Roman road of Sousse (Hadramout), it is surrounded by a large number of mountains that provide visual and natural protection.
It is located in the south-east of Zaghouan (Zika) and is only 20 km away. It is about 38 km southwest of the city of Nabeul.
Bishopric
Segermes became a bishopric. While it is no longer a residential see, it is included in the Catholic Church's list of titular sees. the titular bishop of the see is Josef Clemens.
Segerme, identifiable with Henchir-El-Arat in present-day Tunisia, is an ancient episcopal seat of the Roman province of Bizacena.
There are five documented bishops of Segerme.
Nicomedes took part in the council held in Carthage in 256 by St. Cyprian to discuss the question concerning the lapses.
At the Carthage conference of 411, which saw together the Catholic and Donatist bishops of Roman Africa, the Catholic Felice and the Donatist Restituto took part.
Another bishop named Restituto was present at the synod gathered in Carthage by the Vandal king of Hungary in 484.
Finally, a Felix II intervened at the antimonotelite council of 641.
Today Segerme survives as a titular bishop's seat; the current titular bishop is Josef Clemens, former secretary of the Pontifical Council for the Laity.
The city has the ruins of two church buildings.
The First Church: Located in the heart of the city, its main entrance is still standing to the point of history and opens its main door, which is topped by an arch on the public square and the ruins of its outer walls remain clear and clear.
The Second Church: Located in the same area and another archaeological site hundreds of meters away, and the land of a special (Busta estate) and show the ruins in the form of semi-round and the floor covered with many mosaics and a large baptismal church connected to the church, and in the form of a cross of several degrees, It is simple to build and does not contain embellishments or inscriptions, and through the width of the basin and its depth seems to be designed
Diocesan bishops
The names of some of the bishops of the see are known:
Nicomedes (mentioned in 255)
Felix (mentioned in 411)
Restitutus (a Donatist mentioned in 411)
Restutus (mentioned in 484)
Felix (mentioned in 641)
Luigi Rovigatti (23 May 1966 - 10 February 1973 appointed archbishop, of Acquaviva)
Jean-Lucien-Marie-Joseph Cadilhac (5 September 1973 - 16 March 1978 appointed bishop of Nîmes)
Renato Raffaele Martino (September 14, 1980 - October 21, 2003 appointed cardinal deacon of San Francesco di Paola ai Monti)
Josef Clemens, from 25 November 2003
References
Catholic titular sees in Africa
Ringed Nunatak () is a small but conspicuous nunatak located in the icefall at the head of Gatlin Glacier, in the Cumulus Hills of Antarctica. So named by the Texas Tech Shackleton Glacier Expedition (1964–65) because a ring of moraine completely surrounds the nunatak.
Nunataks of the Ross Dependency
Dufek Coast
Megri may refer to:
Fethiye, Turkey
Meghri, Armenia
Les Freres Megri, A Moroccan psychedelic rock band
Evan William Evans (January 6, 1827-May 22, 1874) was a Welsh-American mathematician and the first professor at Cornell University.
Evans, son of William and Catharine (Howell), was born Jan. 6, 1827 in Llangyfelach, near Swansea, South Wales. His parents moved to Bradford County, Pa., in 1831, where he obtained his early education. He graduated from Yale College in 1851. He studied theology at New Haven for about a year, and then became principal of the Delaware Literary Institute, in Franklin, N. Y. From this position he was called to a tutorship at Yale, which he resigned, however, after one year's service (1855-6). In 1857 he was appointed Professor of Natural Philosophy and Astronomy at Marietta College, Ohio, and filled that place until 1864. He was then for three years occupied in Mining Engineering, and spent a fourth year in European travel. He was the first professor appointed in Cornell University, N. Y., and from the opening of that institution, in the fall of 1868, until 1872, filled the chair of Mathematics. He resigned on account of failing health, and after an absence of a few months at the South, returned to Ithaca, and gradually sank, until his death of consumption, May 22, 1874. Professor Evans was a general scholar, and while excelling in mathematics, was perhaps the most thorough Celtic student in this country.
He was married, Aug. 6, 1856, to Helen E., daughter of Rev. Dr. Tertius S Clarke, then of Franklin, N. Y. She survived him, with several children.
External links
Dictionary of Welsh Biography
Cochell: The Early History of the Cornell Mathematics Department
The Evans Lectures at Cornell
Cornell Mathematics Department chairs
1827 births
1874 deaths
Welsh emigrants to the United States
19th-century American mathematicians
Cornell University faculty
Yale College alumni
Marietta College faculty
People from Swansea
People from Bradford County, Pennsylvania
Mathematicians from Pennsylvania
The Gothic style of architecture was strongly influenced by the Romanesque architecture which preceded it; by the growing population and wealth of European cities, and by the desire to express national grandeur. It was also influenced by theological doctrines which called for more interior light as a symbol of divinity, and by the practical necessity of many churches to accommodate large numbers of pilgrims. It was especially by technical improvements in vaulting and buttresses which allowed much greater height and larger windows.
Political
At the end of the 12th century, Europe was divided into a multitude of city states and kingdoms. The area encompassing modern Germany, southern Denmark, the Netherlands, Belgium, Luxembourg, Switzerland, Austria, Czech Republic and much of northern Italy (excluding Venice and Papal States) was nominally part of the Holy Roman Empire, but local rulers exercised considerable autonomy. France, Denmark, Poland, Hungary, Portugal, Scotland, Castile, Aragon, Navarre, and Cyprus were independent kingdoms, as was the Angevin Empire, whose Plantagenet kings ruled England and large domains in what was to become modern France. Norway came under the influence of England, while the other Scandinavian countries and Poland were influenced by trading contacts with the Hanseatic League. Swabian kings brought the Gothic tradition from Germany to Southern Italy, part of the Norman Kingdom of Sicily, while after the First Crusade the Lusignan kings introduced French Gothic architecture to Cyprus and the Kingdom of Jerusalem.
Throughout Europe at this time there was a rapid growth in trade and an associated growth in towns. Germany and the Lowlands had large flourishing towns that grew in comparative peace, in trade and competition with each other, or united for mutual weal, as in the Hanseatic League. Civic building was of great importance to these towns as a sign of wealth and pride. England and France remained largely feudal and produced grand domestic architecture for their kings, dukes and bishops, rather than grand town halls for their burghers.
Religious
The Roman Catholic Church prevailed across Western Europe at this time, influencing not only faith but also wealth and power. Bishops were appointed by the feudal lords (kings, dukes and other landowners) and they often ruled as virtual princes over large estates. The early mediaeval periods had seen a rapid growth in monasticism, with several different orders being prevalent and spreading their influence widely. Foremost were the Benedictines whose great abbey churches vastly outnumbered any others in France, Normandy and England. A part of their influence was that towns developed around them and they became centres of culture, learning and commerce. They were the builders of the Abbey of Saint-Denis, and Abbey of Saint-Remi in France. Later Benedictine projects (constructions and renovations) include Rouen's Abbey of Saint-Ouen, the Abbey La Chaise-Dieu, and the choir of Mont Saint-Michel in France. English examples are Westminster Abbey, originally built as a Benedictine order monastic church; and the reconstruction of the Benedictine church at Canterbury.
The Cluniac and Cistercian Orders were prevalent in France, the great monastery at Cluny having established a formula for a well planned monastic site which was then to influence all subsequent monastic building for many centuries. The Cistercians spread the style as far east and south as Poland and Hungary. Smaller orders such as the Carthusians and Premonstratensians also built some 200 churches, usually near cities.
In the 13th century Francis of Assisi established the Franciscans, or so-called "Grey Friars", a mendicant order. Saint Dominic founded the mendicant Dominicans, in Toulouse and Bologna, were particularly influential in the building of Italy's Gothic churches.
The Teutonic Order, a military order, spread Gothic art into Pomerania, East Prussia, and the Baltic region.
Geographic
From the 10th to the 13th century, Romanesque architecture had become a pan-European style and manner of construction, affecting buildings in countries as far apart as Ireland, Croatia, Sweden and Sicily. The same wide geographic area was then affected by the development of Gothic architecture, but the acceptance of the Gothic style and methods of construction differed from place to place, as did the expressions of Gothic taste. The proximity of some regions meant that modern country borders do not define divisions of style. On the other hand, some regions such as England and Spain produced defining characteristics rarely seen elsewhere, except where they have been carried by itinerant craftsmen, or the transfer of bishops. Regional differences that are apparent in the churches of the Romanesque period often become even more apparent in the Gothic.
The local availability of materials affected both construction and style. In France, limestone was readily available in several grades, the very fine white limestone of Caen being favoured for sculptural decoration. England had coarse limestone and red sandstone as well as dark green Purbeck marble which was often used for architectural features.
In Northern Germany, Netherlands, northern Poland, Denmark, and the Baltic countries local building stone was unavailable but there was a strong tradition of building in brick. The resultant style, Brick Gothic, is called "Backsteingotik" in Germany and Scandinavia and is associated with the Hanseatic League. In Italy, stone was used for fortifications, but brick was preferred for other buildings. Because of the extensive and varied deposits of marble, many buildings were faced in marble, or were left with undecorated façade so that this might be achieved at a later date.
The availability of timber also influenced the style of architecture, with timber buildings prevailing in Scandinavia. Availability of timber affected methods of roof construction across Europe. It is thought that the magnificent hammer-beam roofs of England were devised as a direct response to the lack of long straight seasoned timber by the end of the mediaeval period, when forests had been decimated not only for the construction of vast roofs but also for ship building.
Romanesque tradition
Gothic architecture grew out of the previous architectural genre, Romanesque. For the most part, there was not a clean break, as there was to be later in Renaissance Florence with the revival of the Classical style in the early 15th century.
By the 12th century, builders throughout Europe developed Romanesque architectural styles (termed Norman architecture in England because of its association with the Norman Conquest). Scholars have focused on categories of Romanesque/Norman building, including the cathedral church, the parish church, the abbey church, the monastery, the castle, the palace, the great hall, the gatehouse, the civic building, the warehouse, and others.
Many architectural features that are associated with Gothic architecture had been developed and used by the architects of Romanesque buildings, particularly in the building of cathedrals and abbey churches. These include ribbed vaults, buttresses, clustered columns, ambulatories, wheel windows, spires, stained glass windows, and richly carved door tympana. These were already features of ecclesiastical architecture before the development of the Gothic style, and all were to develop in increasingly elaborate ways.
It was principally the development of the pointed arch which brought about the change that separates Gothic from Romanesque. This technological change broke the tradition of massive masonry and solid walls penetrated by small openings, replacing it with a style where light appears to triumph over substance. With its use came the development of many other architectural devices, previously put to the test in scattered buildings and then called into service to meet the structural, aesthetic and ideological needs of the new style. These include the flying buttresses, pinnacles and traceried windows.
Eastern Christian, Sasanian, and Islamic Architecture
The pointed arch, one of the defining attributes of Gothic, appears in Late Roman Byzantine architecture and the Sasanian architecture of Iran during late antiquity, although the form had been used earlier, as in the possibly 1st century AD Temple of Bel, Dura Europos in Roman Mesopotamia. In the Roman context it occurred in church buildings in Syria and occasional secular structures, like the Karamagara Bridge in modern Turkey. In Sassanid architecture parabolic and pointed arches were employed in both palace and sacred construction. A very slightly pointed arch built in 549 exists in the apse of the Basilica of Sant'Apollinare in Classe in Ravenna, and slightly more pointed example from a church, built 564 at Qasr Ibn Wardan in Roman Syria. Pointed arches' development may have been influenced by the elliptical and parabolic arches frequently employed in Sasanian buildings using pitched brick vaulting, which obviated any need for wooden centring and which had for millennia been used in Mesopotamia and Syria. The oldest pointed arches in Islamic architecture are in the Dome of the Rock, completed in 691/2, while some others appear in the Great Mosque of Damascus, begun in 705. The Umayyads were responsible for the oldest significantly pointed arches in medieval western Europe, employing them alongside horseshoe arches in the Great Mosque of Cordoba, built from 785 and repeatedly extended. The Abbasid palace at al-Ukhaidir employed pointed arches in 778 as a dominant theme both structural and decorative throughout the façades and vaults of the complex, while the tomb of al-Muntasir, built 862, employed a dome with a pointed arch profile. Abbasid Samarra had many pointed arches, notably its surviving Bab al-ʿAmma (monumental triple gateway). By the 9th century the pointed arch was used in Egypt and North Africa: in the Nilometer at Fustat in 861, the 876 Mosque of Ibn Tulun in Cairo, and the 870s Great Mosque of Kairouan. Through the 8th and 9th centuries, the pointed arch was employed as standard in secular buildings in architecture throughout the Islamic world. The 10th century Aljafería at Zaragoza displays numerous forms of arch, including many pointed arches decorated and elaborated to a level of design sophistication not seen in Gothic architecture for a further two centuries.
Increasing military and cultural contacts with the Muslim world, including the Norman conquest of Islamic Sicily between 1060 and 1090, the Crusades, beginning 1096, and the Islamic presence in Spain, may have influenced medieval Europe's adoption of the pointed arch, although this hypothesis remains controversial. The structural advantages of pointed arches seems first to have been realised in a medieval Latin Christian context at the abbey church known as Cluny III at Cluny Abbey. Begun by abbot Hugh of Cluny in 1089, the great Romanesque church of Cluny III was the largest church in the west when completed in 1130. Kenneth John Conant, who excavated the site of the church's ruins, argued that the architectural innovations of Cluny III were inspired by the Islamic architecture of Sicily via Monte Cassino. The Abbey of Monte Cassino was the foundational community of the Benedictine Order and lay within the Norman Kingdom of Sicily, . The rib vault with pointed arches was used at Lessay Abbey in Normandy in 1098, and at Durham Cathedral in England at about the same time. In those parts of the Western Mediterranean subject to Islamic control or influence, rich regional variants arose, fusing Romanesque, Byzantine and later Gothic traditions with Islamic decorative forms, as seen, for example, in Monreale and Cefalù Cathedrals, the Alcázar of Seville, and Teruel Cathedral.
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
Clark, W. W.; King, R. (1983). Laon Cathedral, Architecture. Courtauld Institute Illustration Archives. 1. London: Harvey Miller Publishers. .
Architectural history
Architectural styles
European architecture
Architecture of England
Architecture of Italy
Medieval French architecture
Catholic architecture
12th-century architecture
13th-century architecture
14th-century architecture
15th-century architecture
16th-century architecture
Karintha Styles (September 9, 1979) is an American journalist.
Education
Styles was born September 9, 1979 in Detroit, Michigan. She earned a journalism degree from Howard University in Washington, D.C. and a Masters in PR from Full Sail University in Winter Park, FL.
Career
Styles began her career at Howard University, as ‘the first female sports editor of the student-run newspaper, The Hilltop' in the school's illustrious history. After graduation, she worked with the Washington Wizards briefly before going into the Army. While in the military Styles was a broadcast journalist, appearing regularly on the Armed Forces Network.
After leaving the service, Styles returned to sports journalism. While at the Daily Oklahoman, she has covered college basketball. From 2010 to 2014 she covered the NFL and NBA respectively for the Times Picayune
During her career Styles has covered college sports, Major League Baseball, the National Football League and the National Basketball Association. To date she has covered a Super Bowl, three Final Fours, and five NBA Finals. Notably, she covered the Mississippi State win over UConn that ended UConn's consecutive game winning streak at 111 games of top-ranked Connecticut Huskies women's basketball by the SEC (she was in Dallas to cover 2017 NCAA Division I women's basketball tournament).
Personal life
Styles currently lives in New Orleans, Louisiana. Styles wrote a book of poems entitled A Stroke if Life, Her first novel Prey for Me; Pray for Our Children is due out September 9, 2017.
References
External links
https://karintha.com
https://www.weeknsports.com
https://apple.news/ThulUxc5DRf2dtntZwXGUkQ
https://karintha.com/2018/10/teasha-bivins-beauty-bivfam-brains-boss-moves/
https://www.foxsports.com/nba/story/detroit-pistons-5-dream-free-agency-targets-in-2017-062617
https://sports.yahoo.com/news/spotlight-saints-trey-hendrickson-174417314.html
1979 births
Living people
IHeartMedia
African-American sports journalists
American sports journalists
African-American writers
American sports radio personalities
American sportswriters
American television sports announcers
National Basketball Association broadcasters
National Football League announcers
Howard University alumni
Writers from Detroit
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
From Other Worlds is a 2004 American science fiction comedy film written and directed by Barry Strugatz and starring Cara Buono, Isaach de Bankolé, David Lansbury, Robert Peters, Melissa Leo and Joel de la Fuente.
Cast
Cara Buono as Joanne Schwartzbaum
Isaach de Bankolé as Abraham
Melissa Leo as Miriam
Joel de la Fuente as Alien
David Lansbury as Brian Schwartzbaum
Robert Peters as Steve
Paul Lazar as Larry
Laurie Esterman as Psychiatrist
Robert Downey Sr. as Baker
Reception
On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 38% based on 13 critics, with an average rating of 5.4/10. On Metacritic, From Other Worlds holds a rank of 43 out of a 100 based on 7 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews".
Nick Schager of Slant Magazine awarded the film one and a half stars out of four. Scott Tobias of The A.V. Club graded the film a C+. Robert Koehler of Variety gave the film a positive review, calling it an "amiable and arch comedy".
References
External links
2004 science fiction films
2004 comedy films
American science fiction comedy films
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
Djingarey Mamoudou (born 1964) is a Nigerien boxer. He competed in the men's featherweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
Nigerien male boxers
Olympic boxers of Niger
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Featherweight boxers
General elections to the special Cortes of Cádiz were held in Spain in 1810. At stake were all 276 seats in the Cortes of Cádizwhich served as a parliamentary Regency after Ferdinand VII was deposed by Napoleon.
History
During the first years of the Spanish War of Independence (1808-1814) the popular revolts of the Spanish people were accompanied by the creation of provincial and local defense "Juntas". Those juntas assumed national sovereignty, forming their own local and regional governing bodies. These juntas aimed to defend against the French invasion and fill the power vacuum, refusing to recognize José I Bonaparte as their legitimate king. The juntas were mainly composed of military personnel, representatives of the high clergy, officials and professors. In September 1808 the local and provincial juntas ceded their power to the Supreme Central Government Junta of the Kingdom, which led the war against the French and was recognized as the legitimate government of Spain by the United Kingdom and other anti-Napoleonic countries. The Supreme Junta summoned an extraordinary meeting of the Cortes of Cádiz, a revolutionary act, since the right to call for a meeting of the Cortes was exclusive to the crown.
After an intense debate in the Supreme Junta it was decided that the Cortes of Cádiz would be unicameral, elected by census suffrage (only those with a certain level of income could vote) and indirect. The Cortes met for the first time in the last major Spanish foothold during the Peninsular War, Cádiz, on the Isla de León, on September 24, 1810.
Constituencies
A majority voting system was used for the election, with 32 multi-member constituencies and 2 single-member constituencies. Spanish America had 29 representatives.
References
Carreras de Odriozola, A., & Tafunell Sambola, X. (2006). Estadísticas históricas de España, siglos XIX-XX. Fundacion BBVA/BBVA Foundation.
Elections in Spain
1810 in Spain
1810
October 1810 events
1810 elections in Europe
Picnic of Love is the fifth album by Anal Cunt. It was released on July 21, 1998. The album was released as a joke and a parody of love songs, as well as of the band itself. The album is characterized by the opposite of everything that the band represents. While the normal Anal Cunt album consists of 40 to 50 tracks, mainly under a minute in length, Picnic of Love contains only eleven comparably long tracks. The downtuned distorted guitars, rapid drumming and screeched vocals of other Anal Cunt albums is replaced by soft acoustic guitar and vocalist Seth Putnam singing in gentle falsetto. The most apparent change is the lyrical content: all of the songs are about inoffensive, sweet subjects as opposed to the band's more typical deliberately offensive or provocative lyrics. The Allmusic Guide review of the album incorrectly claims that each song ends tragically or violently, but none of the songs do. Although, in the latter half of the last song, "In My Heart There's a Star Named After You", Putnam starts using his signature scream.
Track listing
Spotify incorrectly states track number 2 as "I Respect Your Feelings as a Woman and a Friend"
Personnel
"Sensitive" Seth Putnam – vocals, mixing
Allison Dunn – vocals (1, 5)
"Gentle" Josh Martin – acoustic guitar
Mike Livingston – recording, engineering, mixing
References
1998 albums
Anal Cunt albums
Soft rock albums by American artists
Folk rock albums by American artists
News/North (originally the News of the North) is a newspaper based in Yellowknife, Northwest Territories, with offices in Fort Smith, Hay River, Fort Providence and Norman Wells, Northwest Territories, as well as Iqaluit and Rankin Inlet, Nunavut, and owned by Northern News Services. The newspaper is printed in two separate editions, Northwest Territories News/North and Nunavut News/North (ᓄᓇᕗᒥ ᐱᕙᓪᓕᐊᔪᑦ) that reports on news throughout the NWT and Nunavut. Although some features are identical in the two papers, the majority of the articles reflect the territory they are intended for. The Nunavut News/North features several articles translated into Inuktitut and printed in syllabics. A Monday edition is printed weekly, with a different front page substituted on the Northwest Territories News/North for distribution in Yellowknife.
See also
List of newspapers in Canada
External links
Northern News Services
Northwest Territories News/North
Nunavut News/North
Mass media in Yellowknife
Newspapers published in the Northwest Territories
Weekly newspapers published in Canada
Newspapers published in Nunavut
Newspapers established in 1972
1972 establishments in Canada
Bilingual newspapers
Rubin "Rube" Lacy (January 2, 1901 – November 14, 1969) was an American country blues musician, who played guitar and was a singer and songwriter.
Lacy was born in Pelahatchie, Mississippi, United States, and learned to play the guitar in his teens from an older performer, George Hendrix. Working out of the Jackson area in the Mississippi Delta, he became one of the state's most popular blues singers. His bottleneck style inspired that of the better-known performer Son House. In 1927, he recorded four songs for Columbia Records in Memphis, Tennessee, though none were released, and the masters do not survive.
In 1928, Lacy recorded two songs, "Mississippi Jail House Groan" and "Ham Hound Crave", for Paramount Records, which constitute his recorded legacy. Four years later he became a minister. He was later found living in Lancaster, California, by the blues researcher David Evans, who recorded him with his congregation. He died there on November 14, 1969.
References
Sources
R. Crumb, Heroes of Blues, Jazz and Country
External links
Rubin Lacy on the Mississippi Blues Trail
1901 births
1969 deaths
Country blues musicians
American blues singers
American blues guitarists
American male guitarists
Slide guitarists
Paramount Records artists
Songwriters from Mississippi
Singers from Mississippi
20th-century American singers
20th-century American guitarists
Guitarists from Mississippi
20th-century American male singers
American male songwriters
Encelia californica is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common name California brittlebush. It is also commonly referred to as California coast sunflower and California bush sunflower.
Distribution
This shrub is native to southern California (U.S.) and northern Baja California (México). It is a member of the coastal sage plant community at the shoreline, and the chaparral and woodlands plant community on inland foothills in the Transverse and Peninsular Ranges.
Description
Encelia californica is a bushy shrub that reaches between 50–150 cm (20-60 inches) in height. It has many thin branches covered in widely spaced green leaves which are a rounded diamond shape.
The solitary flower heads are daisy like, with 15 to 25 bright yellow ray florets 1 to 3 centimeters long around a center of protruding yellowish to purplish brown disc florets.
The fruit is an achene 5 to 7 millimeters long, with no pappus. It blooms from February to June, and attracts butterflies, bees, and other insects.
Uses
It is a host plant for the larvae of the Bay checkerspot butterfly, a threatened species.
Encelia californica is cultivated by specialty nurseries as an ornamental plant, for use in native plant and wildlife gardens, and natural landscaping projects. It is drought tolerant but not frost tolerant, and needs full sun.
References
External links
Calflora Database: Encelia californica (California brittlebush, Bush sunflower)
Jepson Manual eFlora (TJM2) treatment of Encelia californica
USDA Plants Profile for Encelia californica (California brittlebush)
UC Calphotos gallery of Encelia californica (California brittlebush)
californica
Flora of California
Flora of Baja California
Natural history of the California chaparral and woodlands
Natural history of the Channel Islands of California
Natural history of the Peninsular Ranges
Natural history of the Santa Monica Mountains
Natural history of the Transverse Ranges
Plants described in 1841
Taxa named by Thomas Nuttall
Garden plants of North America
Drought-tolerant plants
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Leonardo Sottani (born 1 November 1973 in Figline Valdarno) is a retired water polo player from Italy, who represented his native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia. There the attacking forward (1m97) was a member of the men's national team that claimed the bronze medal. He participated at the 1996, 2000, and 2008 Summer Olympics representing the Italian National Waterpolo team.
He played for the most successful waterpolo team in the world, Pro Recco, and helped the team win the Italian League and Coppa Italia in 2006 and 2007. He also played for RN Florentia.
See also
Italy men's Olympic water polo team records and statistics
List of Olympic medalists in water polo (men)
List of men's Olympic water polo tournament top goalscorers
References
RAI profile
Pallanuoto Page at Italy's 2008 Olympic Team Website
1973 births
Living people
Italian male water polo players
Water polo players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Olympic water polo players of Italy
Olympic bronze medalists for Italy
Olympic medalists in water polo
Medalists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from the Metropolitan City of Florence
"Mrs. California" is the ninth episode of the eighth season of the American comedy television series The Office, and the show's 161st episode overall. "Mrs. California" aired on NBC in the United States on December 1, 2011. The episode was written by consulting producer Dan Greaney, marking his first writing credit for the series, and was directed by Charlie Grandy.
The series—presented as if it were a real documentary—depicts the everyday lives of office employees in the Scranton, Pennsylvania, branch of the fictional Dunder Mifflin Paper Company. In the episode, Robert California (James Spader) brings his wife (Maura Tierney) into the office for a job, and tells Andy Bernard (Ed Helms) behind her back not to give her one. Meanwhile, Dwight Schrute (Rainn Wilson) opens a gym in the building and tries to get Darryl Philbin (Craig Robinson) to join it.
Tierney was brought in to play the role of California's wife because showrunner Paul Lieberstein stated that he was "a big fan of hers". "Mrs. California" received mixed responses from television critics. According to Nielsen Media Research, the episode received 5.74 million viewers and received a 2.9 rating/7% share among adults between the ages of 18 and 49, staying even with the ratings from the previous episode, "Gettysburg". The episode also ranked at first in its time slot.
Synopsis
While Andy Bernard (Ed Helms) is having a meeting with Jim Halpert (John Krasinski) in his office, Robert California (James Spader) appears at the window and frantically says that his wife Susan (Maura Tierney) is looking for a job in the office, and that Andy must not give her one. When Susan arrives, Andy compliantly tells her that they have no openings, but Robert insists that they have a look around before coming to any conclusions. Susan looks at the different departments, and decides on accounting. Andy again claims the office is already fully staffed, but Robert insists that he give her a job, even pressuring Andy by reminding him of his power as CEO. Confused by Robert's mixed messages, Andy relents and gives her a job, but Robert later calls Andy on the phone to berate him for hiring Susan. Andy asks everyone in the office to treat her poorly to drive her out, which makes everyone uncomfortable as they like her, but end up doing so nevertheless.
When Susan notices their behavior, she complains to Robert, who asks Andy to discuss the issues with Susan in the conference room and leaves. Susan eventually realizes it was Robert's idea to drive her away. When they call Robert out, he vehemently denies it. Andy tells them Jim also heard him say he did not want her working at the office, which Jim overhears, prompting him to flee the office, not wanting to be part of the drama. Robert finds out Jim has fled, and orders security to close the gate, preventing Jim from leaving. Jim then runs all over the building (at one point encountering Creed Bratton (Creed Bratton) flying a toy helicopter on the roof), but Andy and Robert find him and take him back to the office. After trying unsuccessfully to deflect their questions about what Robert told Andy, Jim blurts out that he is baffled at Robert's attitude, since Jim enjoys working in the same place as his wife Pam Halpert (Jenna Fischer) and misses her while she is on maternity leave. Andy and Jim leave the conference room and after a short while, Robert and Susan leave. In the parking lot, Andy apologizes to Susan and after brief small talk, Susan asks Andy out on a date, leaving him surprised.
In the episode's b-plot, Dwight Schrute (Rainn Wilson) opens a gym in the building, which intrigues Darryl Philbin (Craig Robinson), who has been looking to lose weight. However, Dwight's gym is only filled with his farming equipment as exercising equipment. Darryl says he needs actual equipment, which Dwight finally gets, but sees that Darryl is barely using it, in part due to Dwight's insistence they focus on working the pelvic bowl. Dwight asks more employees to join to help motivate Darryl to exercise harder, getting only Gabe Lewis (Zach Woods) to join. During a bench-press, Dwight refuses to spot Darryl unless he says his motivation to work out. Darryl finally says it is to impress the new female warehouse worker Val, though Dwight believes he is referring to Val Kilmer.
Production
"Mrs. California" was written by consulting producer Dan Greaney, his first writing credit for the series after joining the writing staff in the eighth season. Greaney had previously worked with executive producer Greg Daniels on The Simpsons. It was directed by co-executive producer and frequent Office writer Charlie Grandy, the first episode he has directed for the series after previously directing The Podcast webisodes. "Mrs. California" features a guest appearance from Maura Tierney, who played Robert California's wife, Susan California. Showrunner Paul Lieberstein stated that he was "a big fan of hers" and said he was excited about her guest appearance. The episode also marks the third appearance of Lindsey Broad who plays Cathy, Pam's replacement during her maternity leave. She is currently set to appear in a recurring role for the season. Due to Jenna Fischer's actual pregnancy Pam did not appear in the episode. The Season Eight DVD contains a number of deleted scenes from this episode. Notable cut scenes include more office workers joining Dwight's gym, Andy and Jim trying to get out of Mr. and Mrs. California's difficulties, and more scenes of Jim running away.
Cultural references
Ryan mentions his desire to found the "Dream for a Wish Foundation," a play on the actual Make-A-Wish Foundation. During Dwight and Darryl's gym scenes, Darryl sardonically corrects Dwight by telling him that the pronunciation for LeBron James is actually "LeJon Brames." Later, Dwight attempts to get Darryl to stretch his pelvic bowl by telling him that The Fonz did it to become cool. Near the end of the episode, Darryl admits that he is attempting to impress Val from the warehouse, but Dwight believes he is talking about male actor Val Kilmer.
In addition, several films are mentioned or alluded to. Erin makes a reference to the 2006 film The Devil Wears Prada. Darryl comments that Dwight's gym looks like "a scene out of Saw V." Finally, Andy mentions that he "was watching a movie, and a bunch of apes took over San Francisco."
Reception
Ratings
In its original American broadcast on December 2, 2011, "Mrs. California" was viewed by an estimated 5.74 million viewers and received a 2.9 rating share among adults between the ages of 18 and 49. This means that it was seen by 2.9% of all 18- to 49-year-olds, and 7% of all 18- to 49-year-olds watching television at the time of the broadcast. The episode stayed even with the ratings from the previous episode, "Gettysburg". Despite this, the episode ranked first in its timeslot, beating Bones which received a 2.8 rating/7% share in the 18–49 demographic, CMA Country Christmas which received a 2.2 rating/6% share, a rerun of Person of Interest which received a 1.6 rating/4% share and a rerun of The Secret Circle which received a 0.4 rating/1% share, although the former three shows received more total viewers. Added with DVR viewers, who viewed the episode within three days of the original broadcast, the episode received a 4.2 rating in the 18–49 demographic, adding a 1.3 rating to the original viewership. For the week of November 28 – December 4, 2011, "Mrs. California" placed nineteenth in the ratings among all prime-time broadcasts in the 18–49 demographic.
Reviews
"Mrs. California" received mixed responses from critics. The A.V. Club reviewer Myles McNutt said the episode had the possibility of being a great episode of The Office, but that it did not live up to that possibility. He suggested that the writers could tell jokes, but could not successfully "break a story anymore". He also called the subplot a mixed bag for featuring Dwight as a caricature of his former self, but complimented the character development for Darryl which started in "Lotto". He gave the episode a C+. Hannah Lawrence of Hollywood.com called the episode a large improvement over "Gettysburg" and also called it possibly her "favorite episode of the season so far". Chris Plante of New York called Robert California the worst part of The Office and said that he kept Andy from being more of a lead character for the series. TV Guide writer Bruce Fretts criticized the episode for under using guest star Maura Tierney. He also said that the episode suffered without former series star Steve Carell to serve as the comic foil. IGN writer Cindy White said the episode did not feel like The Office and called it "the exact opposite". Despite this, she went on to compliment Susan asking Andy on a date and the pairing of Darryl and Val as a couple, saying that the latter had possibilities. She ultimately gave the episode a 7.5/10. Joseph Kratzer from What Culture? gave the episode three out of five stars and wrote, "I'm going to go out on a bit of a limb here and say that while 'Mrs. California' was of course not a return to form for The Office, it was a good example of how the series might define itself in this new Michael-less era." M. Giant of Television Without Pity gave the episode a B+. After viewing "Mrs. California," Washington Post writer Hank Stuever named The Office one of the ten best TV shows of 2011 and said that the episode proved the series could still deliver cringe humor without Carell. Multiple critics complimented the cold open to the episode.
References
External links
"Mrs. California" at NBC.com
The Office (American season 8) episodes
2011 American television episodes
Emma Maltais is a Canadian ice hockey forward, currently playing for the Ohio State Buckeyes of the NCAA Division I.
Career
Growing up in southern Ontario, Maltais began skating at the age of 2 and began playing hockey at the age of 4. During high school, she played for the Oakville Hornets in the Provincial Women's Hockey League (PWHL), where she served as team captain in the 2016–17 season and set a team record for career points with 147.
In 2017, she began attending Ohio State University, playing for the university's women's ice hockey programme. She scored 40 points in 37 games during her rookie NCAA season, leading the WCHA in points-per-game and breaking the record for most WCHA Rookie of the Month awards, winning three times. Her production increased to 43 points in 35 games the following season, again leading Ohio State in scoring and being named to the All-WCHA First Team. In the 2019–20 season, she set an Ohio State record for points, with 59 points in 38 games, and picking up her 100th collegiate point against Bemidji State University on November 2, 2019. That year, she was a top-10 finalist for the Patty Kazmaier Memorial Award and was named to the All-WCHA First Team for the third consecutive season.
International career
Maltais represented Canada at the 2016 and 2017 IIHF World Women's U18 Championship, scoring a total of nine points in ten games and winning silver twice.
She was named to the senior national team roster for the first time in 2019, suiting up for the 2019-20 Rivalry Series against the United States. In May 2021, she was one of 28 players invited to Hockey Canada's Centralization Camp, which represents the selection process for the Canadian women's team that shall compete in Ice hockey at the 2022 Winter Olympics.
On January 11, 2022, Maltais was named to Canada's 2022 Olympic team.
Personal life
Maltais studies health sciences at Ohio State University and has interned at the Ohio State Neurological Institute.
Awards and honours
2019-20 CCM Hockey Women's Division I All-American: Second Team
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
Franco-Ontarian people
Canadian women's ice hockey forwards
Ice hockey people from Ontario
Ohio State Buckeyes women's ice hockey players
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in the United States
Sportspeople from Burlington, Ontario
Ice hockey players at the 2022 Winter Olympics
Olympic ice hockey players of Canada
Medalists at the 2022 Winter Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for Canada
Olympic medalists in ice hockey
James Addison Young (21 January 1815 – 9 March 1875) was an American politician.
Young was born on 21 January 1815 in Rockbridge County, Virginia, to a family of Scots-Irish descent. He was the seventh of eight siblings. Young worked on a farm as a child, and later learned to make saddles and harnesses from John A. Wolfley in Circleville, Ohio. Young moved through Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Kentucky, before settling in Oskaloosa, Iowa in October 1849. Between 1850 and 1858, he ran a store.
Young supported the Whig Party until its dissolution, when he joined the Republican Party. Between 1861 and January 1872, Young served as Mahaska County treasurer. He won the District 18 seat in the Iowa Senate in the 1871 election and remained in office until his death on 9 March 1875.
References
County treasurers in Iowa
Iowa Whigs
19th-century American merchants
1875 deaths
Businesspeople from Iowa
Saddle manufacturers
Iowa state senators
19th-century American politicians
People from Oskaloosa, Iowa
People from Rockbridge County, Virginia
1815 births
American people of Scotch-Irish descent
Iowa Republicans
Waterloo Bridge: A play in two acts is a 1930 play by Robert E. Sherwood. It premiered on Broadway January 6, 1930 and ran until March 1930. It was the basis for three separate films: Waterloo Bridge (1931), Waterloo Bridge (1940), and Gaby (1956). It is based on the author's experiences during World War I.
Plot
American chorus girl Myra Deauville is stuck in 1917 London at the height of World War I, unable to find work and book passage home. She resorts to prostitution to support herself. She meets her clients on Waterloo Bridge, the primary entry point into the city for soldiers on leave. There she meets fellow American Roy Cronin, a young soldier in the Canadian Army on convalescent leave after being wounded in France, and impressed by his innocence, invites him to her apartment for tea instead of soliciting his business. Afterwards she sends him away. The next day Myra's friend and neighbor Kitty finds Roy waiting for Myra in her room. Unaware that Kitty is also a prostitute and that their landlady, Mrs. Hobley, has been forced to run her house as a brothel because her husband is a prisoner-of-war, Roy is persuaded that Myra needs his protection.
Kitty hints that Roy should ask Myra to marry him and tries to convince Myra to accept a proposal, justifying the idea as an expedient of survival. Rationalizing that Myra will make a soldier happy for a few days, Kitty tells her that she owes it to herself as an honest resolution to a predicament she did not create. Mrs. Hobley learns that Roy is flush with back pay and encourages Myra so Roy will pay her delinquent rent. The gullible Roy is worried that he will be sent to Camp Bramshott at any moment to prepare for return to the front and proposes. Myra accepts, but then sneaks away when she feels guilty. Restored to duty, Roy assigns part of his pay to her and names her as the beneficiary of his life insurance. Mrs. Hobley, in need of self-justification, tells Roy that her "Christian duty" compels her to warn him that Myra is a "harlot". Roy accepts the truth as a reality of the times and rejects her warning. Crossing the bridge on his way to the railway station, he meets Myra again and makes her promise to accept the allotment and sign for the life insurance benefit. After he leaves for Bramshott, Myra remains on the bridge, lighting a cigarette, just as a German air raid begins, and she is killed.
Production
Sherwood based his play on his own wartime experience of a chance meeting with an American chorus girl in London in November 1918. Recovering from wounds in battle, Sherwood had gone to Trafalgar Square to join the celebration of the armistice ending the war and found himself next to "a very short and very pretty girl" wearing a small silk American flag pinned to her blouse. The girl described her circumstances as similar to those later attributed to Myra and invited Sherwood to her flat, but he forgot her address and never met her again. Sherwood, through Roy, expressed his realization that Myra and others like her were civilian victims of war.
The Broadway production was a two-act two-set play (the bridge and Myra's flat) that opened on January 6, 1930 at the Fulton Theatre, where it ran for only 64 performances. Despite the fact it was neither a critical nor commercial success, film producer Carl Laemmle, Jr. considered it a prestige project and purchased the film rights for Universal Pictures.
References
External links
Waterloo Bridge at the Internet Broadway Database
Plays by Robert E. Sherwood
American plays adapted into films
1930 plays
Broadway plays
Plays set in London
This is the first edition of the event.
Ryan Agar and Adam Feeney won the title, defeating Dane Propoggia and Jose Statham 6–3, 6–4 in the final.
Seeds
Draw
Draw
References
Main Draw
Traralgon Challenger - Doubles
2013 Doubles
2013 in Australian tennis
St Barnabas is an Anglican parish church in Manor Park, London, built in the Gothic Revival style. It was designed by Ninian Compar in partnership with William Bucknall and built to serve the new residential neighbourhood of Manor Park. It is Grade II listed.
Building began in 1900 and was completed in 1909. The church is built from red brick with stone copings and window tracery. It has a triple-gabled west front, and arched buttresses along the north side. The interior has late-gothic style windows and measured arches in the nave. It includes two 'Compar angel' candle sconces, distinctive door handles and locks, a carved stone font, 17th century pulpit, and 16th century bell. The stained glass window was added by Compar in 1954 and features his signature strawberry motif.
A process of structural restoration was completed in 2016. This was funded by various bodies including the Heritage Lottery Fund and English Heritage (now Historic England). Prior to this, it was on the Heritage at Risk Register.
During the 1970s initial planning meetings for Crisis at Christmas were held in a room in the vicarage, and the church was used as a night shelter.
Today, St Barnabas is located in one of the most multi-ethnic and culturally diverse parishes in the United Kingdom. The church is used for traditional services and social events, and by community groups reflecting the diversity of the area.
References
External links
www.stbarnabasmanorpark.co.uk
www.stbarnabasheritage.org
Churches completed in 1909
1909 establishments in England
Barnabas
Grade II listed churches in London
Gothic Revival church buildings in London
Buddug () is a feminine given name of Welsh origin. It means "victorious" and is associated with traits such as, leadership, intelligence, and optimism. It is the modern Welsh form of Boudica.
Notable Buddugs
Buddug (d. AD 60 or 61), British queen of the Iceni tribe, who led the revolt against occupying Roman forces.
Buddug Verona James, mezzo-soprano
Buddug Williams is a Welsh actress, best known for her roles in the long-running television soap Pobol y Cwm
Welsh feminine given names
Nefertem (; possibly "beautiful one who closes" or "one who does not close"; also spelled Nefertum or Nefer-temu) was, in Egyptian mythology, originally a lotus flower at the creation of the world, who had arisen from the primal waters.
Nefertem represented both the first sunlight and the delightful smell of the Egyptian blue lotus flower, having arisen from the primal waters within an Egyptian blue water-lily, Nymphaea caerulea. Some of the titles of Nefertem were "He Who is Beautiful" and "Water-Lily of the Sun", and a version of the Book of the Dead says:
Nefertem was eventually seen as the son of the creator god Ptah, and the goddesses Sekhmet and Bast were sometimes called his mother. In art, Nefertem is usually depicted as a beautiful young man having blue water-lily flowers around his head. As the son of Bastet, he also sometimes has the head of a lion or is a lion or cat reclining. The ancient Egyptians often carried small statuettes of him as good-luck charms.
One of the most notable depictions of Nefertem is the Head of Nefertem, a wooden bust depicting a young king Tutankhamun as Nefertem with his head emerging from a lotus flower.
Gallery
References
Further reading
Solar gods
Egyptian gods
Beauty gods
Mythological plants
Sekhmet
Lion deities
ca:Llista de personatges de la mitologia egípcia#N
Convex Polyhedra is a book on the mathematics of convex polyhedra, written by Soviet mathematician Aleksandr Danilovich Aleksandrov, and originally published in Russian in 1950, under the title Выпуклые многогранники. It was translated into German by Wilhelm Süss as Konvexe Polyeder in 1958. An updated edition, translated into English by Nurlan S. Dairbekov, Semën Samsonovich Kutateladze and Alexei B. Sossinsky, with added material by Victor Zalgaller, L. A. Shor, and Yu. A. Volkov, was published as Convex Polyhedra by Springer-Verlag in 2005.
Topics
The main focus of the book is on the specification of geometric data that will determine uniquely the shape of a three-dimensional convex polyhedron, up to some class of geometric transformations such as congruence or similarity. It considers both bounded polyhedra (convex hulls of finite sets of points) and unbounded polyhedra (intersections of finitely many half-spaces).
The 1950 Russian edition of the book included 11 chapters. The first chapter covers the basic topological properties of polyhedra, including their topological equivalence to spheres (in the bounded case) and Euler's polyhedral formula. After a lemma of Augustin Cauchy on the impossibility of labeling the edges of a polyhedron by positive and negative signs so that each vertex has at least four sign changes, the remainder of chapter 2 outlines the content of the remaining book. Chapters 3 and 4 prove Alexandrov's uniqueness theorem, characterizing the surface geometry of polyhedra as being exactly the metric spaces that are topologically spherical locally like the Euclidean plane except at a finite set of points of positive angular defect, obeying Descartes' theorem on total angular defect that the total angular defect should be . Chapter 5 considers the metric spaces defined in the same way that are topologically a disk rather than a sphere, and studies the flexible polyhedral surfaces that result.
Chapters 6 through 8 of the book are related to a theorem of Hermann Minkowski that a convex polyhedron is uniquely determined by the areas and directions of its faces, with a new proof based on invariance of domain. A generalization of this theorem implies that the same is true for the perimeters and directions of the faces. Chapter 9 concerns the reconstruction of three-dimensional polyhedra from a two-dimensional perspective view, by constraining the vertices of the polyhedron to lie on rays through the point of view. The original Russian edition of the book concludes with two chapters, 10 and 11, related to Cauchy's theorem that polyhedra with flat faces form rigid structures, and describing the differences between the rigidity and infinitesimal rigidity of polyhedra, as developed analogously to Cauchy's rigidity theorem by Max Dehn.
The 2005 English edition adds comments and bibliographic information regarding many problems that were posed as open in the 1950 edition but subsequently solved. It also includes in a chapter of supplementary material the translations of three related articles by Volkov and Shor, including a simplified proof of Pogorelov's theorems generalizing Alexandrov's uniqueness theorem to non-polyhedral convex surfaces.
Audience and reception
Robert Connelly writes that, for a work describing significant developments in the theory of convex polyhedra that was however hard to access in the west, the English translation of Convex Polyhedra was long overdue. He calls the material on Alexandrov's uniqueness theorem "the star result in the book", and he writes that the book "had a great influence on countless Russian mathematicians". Nevertheless, he complains about the book's small number of exercises, and about an inconsistent level presentation that fails to distinguish important and basic results from specialized technicalities.
Although intended for a broad mathematical audience, Convex Polyhedra assumes a significant level of background knowledge in material including topology, differential geometry, and linear algebra.
Reviewer Vasyl Gorkaviy recommends Convex Polyhedra to students and professional mathematicians as an introduction to the mathematics of convex polyhedra. He also writes that, over 50 years after its original publication, "it still remains of great interest for specialists", after being updated to include many new developments and to list new open problems in the area.
See also
List of books about polyhedra
References
Polyhedra
Mathematics books
1950 non-fiction books
2005 non-fiction books
Sergio Rodríguez Muñoz (born August 19, 1985 in Guadalajara, Jalisco) is a former Mexican footballer who played as goalkeeper.
Rodríguez replaced starting goalkeeper Luis Ernesto Michel for the 2008 Primera División Apertura season, after Michel broke his forearm while playing the Superliga against Atlante. Sergio made his debut on July 28, 2008 against Cruz Azul. Never touching the ball in play, Rodríguez stopped a penalty kick from Miguel Sabah during the second minute, making the stop his first ever play in the Mexican Primera División. The future seemed promising for the young goalkeeper, as he received 17 goals in 9 games; it quickly turned sour. He allowed 5 goals in a friendly against FC Barcelona.
Rodríguez was later relegated to the bench, due to the many mistakes he made and the goals allowed. He was replaced by Víctor Hugo Hernández.
External links
1985 births
Living people
Mexican footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Liga MX players
Footballers from Guadalajara, Jalisco
C.D. Guadalajara footballers
Querétaro F.C. footballers
Dorados de Sinaloa footballers
Fear Nothing is a song by Belgian recording artist Selah Sue. It was written by Sue and Matt Schwartz for her second studio album Reason (2015), while production was helmed by the latter. Distributed by Warner Music Group, it was released as the album's fourth single by Because Music on December 10, 2015.
Weekly charts
References
External links
SelahSue.com – official website
2014 songs
2015 singles
Selah Sue songs
Because Music singles
Songs written by Matt Schwartz
Songs written by Selah Sue
Panipaali is a Malayalam rap song written and composed by Malayalam film actor Neeraj Madhav. The music production of the song was done by Anand "Arcado" Seetharaman. Music was mastered by Ribin Richard and additional sound design was done by Vignesh R.K. (Sapthaa Records).
Pani Paali 2
Pani Paali 2 is the second part of Pani Paali Music Video. Pani Paali 2 released in 20 November 2021 in YouTube channel of Neeraj Madhav.
References
External links
2020 songs
2020 singles
Frank Van Herwegen (born in Schoten, Belgium on December 10, 1970) better known as DJ F.R.A.N.K., sometimes DJ Frank, DJ F.R.A.N.K or Dj F.r.a.n.k. is a Belgian DJ and record producer with great number of charting hits in Belgium, and at times in the Netherlands, France and Finland.
He started at 16, DJing at social events and worked as a record seller in Antwerp working for 4 years. In 1995, he opened a private DJ store with his a DJ colleague, AJ Duncan and DJed at DIXIES Brasschaat.
His most lucrative period came when in the early 2000s, when he was included in the Belgian-German dance group The Underdog Project as the band's remixer. The 4-member band also included Crag Smart and Vic Krishna on vocals and AJ Duncan on keyboards. It released the commercially successful album It Doesn't Matter that reached number 2 in both German and Australian albums charts.
The project enjoyed big hits like "Summer Jam", "Saturday Night", "Tonight, "Girls of Summer" amongst many others. "Summer Jam" was certified gold in France and Germany, and double platinum in Belgium and the Netherlands. "Saturday Night" became a pan-European hit charting in Belgium, Finland, France, Netherlands, Denmark, Norway and Sweden.
The single "My Arms Keep Missing You" in the summer of 2006 was a big charting hit in collaboration with Danzel, a Belgian musician of house, techno and dance. Between 2006 and 2008, he also released hits with the pseudonym Frank Ti-Aya in cooperation with Yardi Don, an alter ego name for artist Craig Smart. He reached the top of the Belgian Ultratop chart in 2011 with "Discotex! (Yah!)", his highest charting solo hit.
Discography
Singles
Solo and collaborations
as part of The Underdog Project
(selective)
2000: "Summer Jam"
2000: "Tonight"
2002: "Saturday Night"
2003: "Summer Jam (2003)"
See more details and chart positions in discography of The Underdog Project article
As Frank Ti-Aya
Featured in recordings
*Did not appear in the official Belgian Ultratop 50 charts, but rather in the bubbling under Ultratip charts.
References
1970 births
Living people
Belgian DJs
People from Schoten
Illtyd Trethowan (12 May 1907 – 30 October 1993), born Kenneth Trethowan, was an English Benedictine Monk, Catholic Priest, Philosopher, Theologian, and Author.
Early life
Born at Salisbury in 1907, Trethowan was the son of William James Trethowan, a solicitor, by his marriage to Emma Louisa Van Kempen. He was baptised in the Church of England as "William Kenneth" and educated at Felsted School and Brasenose College, Oxford. While at Oxford he contracted poliomyelitis and was left with a withered arm. In 1929 Trethowan was received into the Roman Catholic Church and took a job as a schoolmaster at the Oratory School, London, later transferring to Ampleforth.
Monastic life
He became a novice monk at Downside Abbey in 1932 and the same year was 'clothed' a monk under the name of Illtyd in honor of Saint Illtud. In 1938, he was ordained a priest and from then on taught philosophy to junior monks in the monastery. From 1936 to 1982, he also taught Classics and later English literature at Downside, a boarding school for boys attached to the monastery. Trethowan was the author of several religious books and many learned articles, translations and book reviews. From 1946 to 1952 and again from 1960 to 1964, he edited The Downside Review. He served as sub-prior of Downside Abbey between 1958 and 1991 and, when he retired, was given the honorary title of "Cathedral Prior of Ely". He was also a visiting professor in theology at Brown University.
Trethowan died at Bath, Somerset, on 30 October 1993, having said shortly before that he was happy to die. An obituary said of him:
Philosopher
A fearless thinker, he argued the centrality of contemplation and also that philosophical certainty about God was possible. He also worked to gain a greater audience for some less well known writers, including Maurice Blondel and Dominique Dubarle. For philosophical inspiration he looked to Augustine. For over twenty years, he was in dialogue with Eric Mascall, with whose work Louis Bouyer draws comparisons, calling Trethowan "a born Augustinian, but of exceptional intellectual acuity".
Trethowan's main contribution to the philosophy of religion is the argument that human awareness is intelligent and that the transcendent (divine, absolute, infinite) is implicit in it. "Illtyd's proposal is that only in so far as we are (already) cognitively aware of infinite, transcendent reality can we sensibly talk of relations between things in the world and such reality." He argued that our knowledge of God is not a matter of propositional reasoning on the basis of empirical experience; the recognition of God's presence to the mind was like waking up to what it meant for a human being to be intelligently aware of things, and he was content with a broadly Platonist or Augustinian approach to explaining that. Consequently he bridled at any argument for God's existence he suspected of being inferential. "There is available to all humans a cognitive awareness of God that is direct, albeit arising in and mediated by self-awareness (not immediate): a contact thus with God to which one can point people, but which is not susceptible of strict 'description', or again 'proof'."
The concepts at the core of his thinking (preconceptual, direct but mediated awareness) are illustrated in the phenomenological example he gave in Mysticism and Theology: This kind of certainty fascinated Trethowan; it is the basis of his claim that our knowledge of God is given in experience. In the 1950s he defended it against criticisms of Modernism, but he felt the position was vindicated by Vatican II.
It was a position that took its distance from the standard empiricism of his day which characterized much English-language academic philosophy of religion [e.g. Basil Mitchell, Antony Flew, Alasdair MacIntyre, and Richard Swinburne]. Trethowan had been educated in an Oxford dominated by ethical intuitionists like H.A. Prichard and W.D. Ross, and their non-natural theory of value was close to his own appreciation of the absolute in ethical experience, articulated most clearly in his books Absolute Value: a study in Christian theism and The Absolute and the Atonement. As noted by Baxter, Trethowan firmly held that:
But Trethowan argued no less tirelessly against efforts made in various forms of Thomism (as he saw it) to ground faith in reason rather than experience. His familiarity with several French thinkers of the nouvelle théologie was unusual in English theological circles before the Vatican Council. Bellenger noted that Trethowan was "particularly influential in introducing French Catholic philosophy to an English audience and in breaking the stranglehold of Thomism. Henri de Lubac (1896-1991) and Henri Bouillard (1908-1981), both victims of the official hostility to it in 1950, were important interlocutors for his own work; Dominique Dubarle (1907-1987) is another, a Dominican in fact, whose analysis of the modernist crisis interested him especially at the end of his life.
In relation to the mid-20th century tensions about the relation of philosophy to theology, Trethowan found a fellow spirit in Maurice Blondel (1861-1949). Like Blondel, Trethowan argued that left to its own resources philosophy can only reach an impasse, the only way out of which is to accept the notion of the transcendent, which opens the mind to the possibility of faith, the thesis of theology. (Trethowan's contributions to Maurice Blondel may be found in The Letter on Apologetics and History and Dogma which Trethowan translated and edited with Alexander Dru). This approach to the concept of the supernatural is close to that of Henri de Lubac in his Surnaturel and to the early Karl Rahner
Theologian
As a monastic thinker Illtyd Trethowan moved easily between the fields of theology, literature, and philosophy.
His first book on the theology of the Eucharist, as well as Christ in the Liturgy, anticipated issues that were to loom large in the Roman Catholic liturgical movement and at Vatican II. A reviewer of this book wrote that it "awakens hopes of a Christocentric synthesis the formulation of which would call forth his best from one who is by vocation a liturgist, is a theologian by trade and a philosopher by inclination." In his maturity he focused more on Christology than on Liturgy. His preoccupation for Christ's human freedom seemed to bring him close to Nestorianism, but in other respects his approach, especially in soteriology and his discussion of sacrifice reflected classic Alexandrian preoccupations.
"Loving awareness of God" is Trethowan's definition of mysticism. He notes that "faith is the 'seed of glory' and so the seed of mysticism: it must therefore have a mystical character. It must involve a sort of seeing." He wrote that:
His interest in Walter Hilton reflects his interweaving of Augustinian biblical and liturgical spirituality with the English mystical tradition linking the Cloud of Unknowing and English Benedictine life revived in the 17th century in people like Augustine Baker. Trethowan understood the apophatic tradition but, like Cuthbert Butler (1858-1934), Abbot of Downside (1906-1922) an influential voice in that tradition, always understood contemplative prayer as an interplay of light and darkness. A reviewer summarized the work of Trethowan by noting:
Published works (selected)
Major publications
1948: Certainty, Philosophical and Theological (Dacre Press)
1952: Christ in the Liturgy (Sheed and Ward)
1953: The Meaning of Existence: a metaphysical enquiry (London: Longmans, Green) (with Dom Mark Pontifex)
1954: An Essay in Christian Philosophy (Longmans, Green)
1961: The Basis of Belief: an essay in the philosophy of religion (Burns & Oates)
1970: Absolute Value: a study in Christian theism (Allen & Unwin; Humanities Press)
1971: The Absolute and the Atonement (Allen and Unwin; Humanities Press)
1975: Mysticism and Theology-—an essay in Christian metaphysics (G. Chapman)
1975: Walter Hilton's "The Scale of Perfection" (ed. Trethowan) (Abbey Press)
1985: Process Theology and Christian Tradition (St Bede's Publications, Studies in Historical Theology series)
Translations
1940: Étienne Gilson, The philosophy of St Bonaventure, translated by Dom Illtyd Trethowan and F. J. Sheed (London: Sheed and Ward)
1964: Maurice Blondel, The letter on Apologetics and History and Aogma (edited and translated by Alexander Dru & Illtyd Trethowan, Harvill Press)
1989: Louis Bouyer, The Christian Mystery: from pagan myth to Christian mysticism; translated [from the French Mysterion] by Illtyd Trethowan (Edinburgh: T. & T. Clark)
Other works
"Alfred and the Great White Horse of Wiltshire", in Downside Review vol LVII (1939) (also published separately in paperback)
"Second Thoughts on Certainty" in The Downside Review 68 (1950) pp. 158-171
"Physics and Metaphysics, comments on Sir Robert Watson-Watt's Electronics and Free-will", in The Hibbert Journal, vols 48–49 (1950), pp. 115–119
"Natural theology and its relation to poetry" in Theology and the University, ed. John Coulson, DLT, London 1964, pp.193-207
"Self-Awareness and Natural Morality", in Theology, vol. 69 (1966), pp. 23–25
"Christology Again" in The Downside Review 95 (1977) pp. 1-10
"God's changelessness" in Clergy Review 64 (1979) pp. 15-21
"Kerr on Cartesianism in Catholic Thought: Right or Wrong?" in New Blackfriars 65 (1984) pp. 473-486
"Third Thoughts on Certainty" in The Downside Review 103 (1985) pp. 239-255
"How is Christ's Risen Life relevant to other people's salvation?" in Heythrop Journal 28 (1987) pp. 144-164
"Augustine the Philosopher" in St Augustine, vol. 11 (1987) pp. 118–127
References
1907 births
1993 deaths
Alumni of Brasenose College, Oxford
English Benedictines
20th-century English Roman Catholic priests
People educated at Felsted School
People from Salisbury
English male non-fiction writers
20th-century English philosophers
Mysticism scholars
20th-century English male writers
Chuck Rallen Vinson (born July 14, 1956, in Elkhart, Indiana) is an American television director and producer.
Career
Vinson began his career as a stage manager on the sitcom Detective School, going on to stage manage for the sitcom Benson. In 1985, he began stage managing for The Cosby Show, going on to direct his first episode entitled "Twinkle, Twinkle Little Star" co-directing with Carl Lauten.
His other sitcom directing credits include Martin, Clarissa Explains It All, Thea, The Sinbad Show, The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air, Sister, Sister, The Mystery Files of Shelby Woo, Living Single, One World and Sabrina, the Teenage Witch.
In recent years, Vinson has directed number of stand-up comedy specials for Sinbad, Steve Harvey, Mark Curry and Jamie Foxx. He also directed numerous episodes of Last Comic Standing.
His professional awards include. Winner of an EMMY for Outstanding Directing for SESAME STREET-HBO. 2 NAACP IMAGE AWARD for Sinbad Summer Jam-HBO. Cable Ace award for Sinbad Summer Jam-HBO
Personal life
Vinson currently resides in Atlanta, GA with his daughter Spencer.
Filmography
Debbie does Dallas
(1978)
Sinbad and Friends: All the Way Live... Almost! (1991)
Sesame Street Stays Up Late! (1993)
All-Star 25th Birthday: Stars and Street Forever! (1994)
Sinbad: Son of a Preacher Man (1994)
The Right Connections (1997)
Sinbad: Nuthin' But the Funk (1998)
Classic Rock: The Tubes and Night Ranger (2001)
Steve Harvey: One Man (2001)
Jamie Foxx: I Might Need Security (2002)
Latham Entertainment Presents (2003)
Tess: Looking for My Next Ex-Husband (2005)
Gary Gulman: Boyish Man (2005)
The Kims of Comedy (2005)
ANT: America's Ready (2005)
Alonzo Bodden: Tall, Dark, and Funny (2005)
Sinbad: Where U Been? (2010)
References
External links
1956 births
African-American television directors
American television directors
Living people
People from Elkhart, Indiana
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
Television producers from Indiana
Koumankou is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 243 square kilometers and includes 4 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 4,227. The village of Koumankou, the chef-lieu of the commune, is 101 km northwest of Sikasso.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
Events in the year 2018 in Qatar.
Incumbents
Emir: Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani
Events
25 October to 5 November – The 2018 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships were held in Doha.
14 to 18 December – The 2018 WPA World Nine-ball Championship were held in Doha.
Deaths
14 October – Abdulaziz Jassim, actor and comedian (born 1957).
References
2010s in Qatar
Years of the 21st century in Qatar
Qatar
Qatar
Dryobalanops rappa is a species of plant in the family Dipterocarpaceae. The species name is derived from Iban ( = a shallow swamp) and refers to the species habitat. This species is endemic to Borneo. It is found in at least one protected areas (Gunung Mulu National Park), but is threatened elsewhere due to habitat loss, The IUCN has assessed the species as Endangered due to habitat damage by deforestation, mining, agriculture and fires.
It is an emergent tree, up to 55 m tall, found in coastal mixed peat swamp forest and in lower montane kerangas forests. It is a heavy hardwood sold under the trade names of Kapur.
References
rappa
Endemic flora of Borneo
Trees of Borneo
Flora of Sabah
Vulnerable flora of Asia
Taxa named by Odoardo Beccari
Gardner fibroma (GF) (also termed Gardner-associated fibroma) is a benign fibroblastic tumor (i.e. a tumor containing fibroblasts, the most common cell type in connective tissue). GF tumors typically develop in the dermis (i.e. layer of skin underneath the epidermis) and adjacent subcutaneous tissue lying just below the dermis. These tumors typically occur on the back, abdomen, and other superficial sites but in rare cases have been diagnoses in internal sites such as the retroperitoneum and around the large blood vessels in the upper thoracic cavity. The World Health Organization, 2020, classified Gardner fibroma as a benign tumor in the category of fibroblastic and myofibroblastic tumors.
In the majority of cases, GF tumors are manifestations of the genetic disease, familial adenomatous polyposis (FAP), or its variant, the Gardner syndrome (GS). (Hereafter, references to FAP will include its GS variant.) Furthermore, some cases of GF tumors, including those which are not associated with FAP, progress to or, after their surgical removal, recur as desmoid tumors (DT). A minority of desmoid tumors, mainly those developing in the abdominal cavity, are also associated with FAP. Cases of Gardner fibroma and desmoid tumors that lack any other evidence of being associated with FAB at the time of diagnosis are often termed sporadic Gardner fibromas and sporadic desmoid tumors. However, some cases of sporadic GF and DT will, over the ensuing months or years, present with other signs of, and be diagnosed as, FAP. In these cases, the initial GF and DT tumors are considered the first sign of FAP and termed sentinel GF and sentinel DT tumors.
There are no large studies that clearly define the best treatment(s) for Gardner fibroma tumors. Common treatment strategies for these tumors include: surgical removal; evaluations of the individuals bearing these tumors as well as their family members for evidence of FAP; genetic counseling; and long-term follow-up studies to detect evidence of FAP and recurrences of resected tumors.
Presentation
GF tumors typically present as a single but in some cases multiple plaques (i.e. papule-like masses that are 10 mm or more in the longest diameter) located on the skin of the back or, less commonly, head, neck, extremities, or abdominal regions. In one study, the tumors ranged form 0.3 to 12 cm in the greatest dimension (mean: 3.9 cm). GF plaques on the skin are generally white, rubbery, painless masses that occur mainly in children during the first decade of life but have also been diagnosed in adults as old as 59 years. Rare cases of CF have presented as large masses located in the: mediastinum, i.e. central compartment of the thoracic cavity (a mediastinal GF has caused the life-threatening superior vena cava syndrome); retropharyngeal space, i.e. space behind the pharynx and upper esophagus (a retropharyngeal GF tumor has caused airway obstruction); retroperitoneal space; and mesentery.
The majority of individuals presenting with GF tumors have or will develop FAP due to mutations in the APC gene. This gene encodes (i.e. directs production of) the adenomatous polyposis coli protein (APC protein) but when mutated in FAP encodes an inactive or weakened product. APC protein acts indirectly to degrade β-catenin, a protein which when overexpressed induces various cancers. Partially or totally inactive APC protein in FAP allows the excessive intracellular accumulation of β-catenin and thereby promotes development of the tumors, cancers, and other manifestations of this disease.
FAP is an autosomal dominant genetic disease which in ~70–80% of cases is due to inheritance and in ~20-30% of case is due to a germline mutation (i.e. non-familial FAP caused by an APC gene mutation that occurs in the germ cells that develop into an individual). Hence, individuals with FAP commonly but not always have family members with the disease. The central feature of FAP is the formation over time of an increasing number of adenomatous polyps (i.e. abnormal growths of tissue projecting from a mucous membrane that have a high potential to become cancerous) in the colon and rectum. Typically, these polyps arise by adolescence and progress to cancer in the colon and/or rectum by age 40 in hereditary or younger ages in non-hereditary FAP. Without intervention, one or more of these polyps become cancerous in 100% of FAP cases. Since this cancerous transformation is extremely rare in individuals <20 years old, prophylactic colectomy for FAP is recommended in patients during their late teen years unless other indications (e.g. regular colonoscopy examinations find increasing numbers of polyps, multiple polyps >1 cm, and/or the appearance of polyps with atypical or cancer-like cells) indicate the need for earlier colectomy. Individuals with FAP also bear the risks of developing a wide range of the disease's other disorders such as: stomach and duodenum polyps; nasopharyngeal angiofibromas; hepatoblastomas; brain, pancreas, and biliary tract tumors; and various skin lesions including Gardner fibromas and desmoid tumors. Individuals with FAP should be surveilled regularly for these disorders and, when found, be appropriately treated for them. Patients presenting with GF tumors may have a family history and/or evidence of one or more other manifestations of FAP. However, individuals presenting with GF tumors may have no other signs of FAP until months or years after the initial presentation, i.e. GF tumors may be the first indication that an individual has FAP.
Desmoid tumors may arise sporadically or in 5–10% of cases in association with FAP. In sporadic cases, these tumors occur most frequently in the abdominal wall, intra-abdominal cavity, and limbs. They also arise as natural progressions of GF tumors, that follow trauma to GF tumors, or that recur in surgically removed GF tumors; these progressions are sometimes termed the "GF–DF sequence". DTs that replace GF tumors are benign but typically are rapidly growing, painful, tend to infiltrate into nearby tissues, and after their surgical removal often recur at the surgical sites. Desmoid tumors that are not associated with FAP almost always have tumor cells that express mutations in the CTNNB1 gene. This gene directs the production of catenin beta-1 protein and when mutated in desmoid tumor cells overproduces a fully active product protein that contributes to the unregulated growth of its parent cells.
Individuals presenting with a GF (or DT) should be assessed for the presence of other FAP lesions such as colon and rectal polyps as well as for a family history of FAP and for family members with FAP-like lesions in order to determine if these individuals' GF tumors may or are due to FAP.
Pathology
Microscopic histopathologic examinations of H&E stained GF tumor tissues generally show poorly circumscribed, scarce, bland fibroblasts admixed with dense bundles of collagen (i.e. the predominant structural protein in connective tissue). Slit-like empty spaces and loci of adipose tissue and/or skeletal muscle may also be imbedded in the collagen bundles. Sparse mast cells may be dispersed throughout GF tumors. The outer edges of these tumors may entrap peripheral nerve fibers and blood vessels and may infiltrate into otherwise normal subcutaneous fat tissues. Immunohistochemical examinations show that the tumor cells in GF consistently express CD34 protein. and in two-thirds of cases nuclear β-catenin but not smooth muscle actin or desmin. In one study, all 24 tested cases of GF had tumor cells that expressed nuclear-located cyclin D1 protein and MYC proto-oncogene, bHLH transcription factor protein.
Similar examinations of desmoid tumor tissues reveal a heterogeneous, poorly defined and uniform proliferation of spindle-shaped myofibroblast-like cells (i.e. cells with combine some of the microscopic appearance features of fibroblasts and smooth muscle cells). These cells are embedded within collagen bundles which generally dominate the tumor tissues. Compared to GF tumor tissue, DT tumors are more densely populated by cells and these cells are commonly arrayed in bundles. Unlike GF tumor cells, DT tumor cells do not express CD34 protein and almost always at least partially express smooth muscle actin proteins. Similar to GF tumor cells, desmoid tumor cells express nucleus-located β-catenin in 90% to 95% of cases and do not express desmin. Desmoid tumors cells also usually express vimentin, cytochrome c oxidase subunit II, KIT, PDGFRB, androgen receptor and estrogen receptor beta proteins but not S100, or KIT proteins. In one study, 24% of 104 individuals diagnosed with primary DT tumors and 37% of 122 individuals diagnosed with recurrent DT tumors showed on pathological examination DT areas admixed with adjacent GF areas. Only 4 of these patients had documented FAP.
Diagnosis
The diagnosis of GF depends on: its clinical presentation, i.e. occurrence as solitary plaque-like skin lesions that are located in the dermis of children; patient histories of previously having a GF tumor that was surgically removed; characteristic histopathology findings; tumor cell expressions of CD34 and β-catenin proteins but not smooth muscle actin; and the presence of other lesions associated with FAP, a family history of FAP, and/or family members with a history of FAP-like lesions.
Treatment and prognosis
Isolated Gardner fibromas are commonly treated by surgical resection. However, systematic examinations on the clinical value of this surgery have not been published. In one study of patients with mixed GF-DT tumors, the average time of recurrence after surgical removal was ~2.5 years for tumors located in the legs, arms, or deep soft tissues of the back and chest wall and ~5 years for tumors located in other sites. In this study, individuals with pure desmoid tumors, i.e. tumors with no areas with the histopathology of Gardner tumors, had an averaged recurrence time of >25 years.
Individual cases of highly aggressive, symptomatic, and/or repeatedly recurring tumors diagnosed as DT but likely including GF-DT tumors have been treated with nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, antiestrogens (e.g. tamoxifen: desmoid tumor cells express estrogen receptors), radiation therapy, tyrosine kinase inhibitors (e.g. imatinib), and chemotherapy (i.e. multiple drug regimens such as vinblastine combined with methotrexate, doxorubicin combined with dacarbazine, or adriamycin combined with dacarbazine or single drug regimens such as doxorubicin, methotrexate, vinorelbine, or metronomic, i.e. low-dose, long-term treatment, etoposide or cyclophosphamide). These various treatments have had modest success. For example, one study of 62 individuals with DT (likely including GR-DT tumors) had a complete response, partial response, stable disease, and progressive disease in 1, 12, 37, and 12 patients, respectively; median progression-free survival time (i.e. interval between treatment and disease progression) was 40.8 months.
Additional recommendations for individuals diagnosed with Gardner fibromas include: 1) long-term follow-ups to check for recurrent disease and the development of other FAP lesions; 2) genetic counseling; 3) mandatory screening (e.g. colonoscopy) for FAP every 6 or 12 months; and 4) surveillance of the individual's parents, siblings, and children for the presence and development of FAP-associated lesions.
References
Dermal and subcutaneous growths
Connective and soft tissue neoplasms
Benign neoplasms
The Abadi gas field is a natural gas field located in the Arafura Sea. It was discovered in 2000 and developed by and Inpex. It will begin production in 2015 and will produce natural gas and condensates. The total proven reserves of the Abadi gas field are around 10 trillion cubic feet (242×109m³), and production is slated to be around 974 million cubic feet/day (27.4×105m³) in 2015.
See also
List of gas fields in Indonesia
References
Natural gas fields in Indonesia
WEZX (106.9 FM, "Rock 107") is a commercial FM radio station licensed to serve Scranton, Pennsylvania. The station is owned by Times-Shamrock Communications, through licensee Scranton Times, L.P., and broadcasts a classic rock format.
WEZX programming is simulcast on WPZX 105.9 FM in Pocono Pines, Pennsylvania and on three translators. The station's programming is also available via streaming on the station's website.
WEZX uses HD Radio, and simulcasts sister station WQFM on its HD2 subchannel.
History
The station signed on for the first time in 1967. In the early 1970s, Times-Shamrock branded the station "FM 107" with a soft rock format. The format was changed to rock in 1980 and the station rebranded as "Rock 107".
In 2000, sister station WPZX began simulcasting WEZX programming, followed by WVZX (now WHNB) in 2007.
WEZX celebrated 30 years as "Rock 107" in 2010.
The station commenced digital broadcasting on August 15, 2011.
Weekend Themes
Rock 107 used to feature a theme each weekend from Friday afternoon to Sunday at midnight, but it's sometimes extended for holiday weekends such as Memorial Day weekend. Some popular themes include:
Nice Pair Weekend - Blocks of two songs by the same artist are played through the weekend.
Perfect Ten Weekend - Listeners submit lists of ten songs via e-mail (often following a certain theme, i.e. "songs about cars", "Halloween songs", or simply their personal top ten songs). The lists are played throughout the week.
Time Travel Weekend - When the clocks change for Daylight Saving Time the station plays blocks of songs from the same year. Blocks can be as short as 3 songs and sometimes longer than 10 songs. Time machine sound effects and facts about each year are included.
British Invasion Weekend - Primarily music from the British Invasion Era is played throughout the week, often accompanied by history of the era.
Flashback Weekend - Music from a specific span of time is played throughout the weekend. Often historic highlights from the year, quotes from movies popular during the era, and music facts are also aired.
Block Party (Rock Block) Weekend - Similarly to the Nice Pair Weekend, blocks of songs by the same artist (three to six) are aired throughout the weekend.
All Request Weekend - Listener requested songs are featured through the weekend.
Oh Wow Weekend - Songs that are rarely played or are believed to have personal significance for many people are played, with the intention of giving listeners an "oh, wow." feeling, for not hearing them in a while.
Simulcasts and translators
One full-power station is licensed to simulcast the programming of WEZX:
WEZX programming is broadcast on the following translators:
References
External links
EZX
Classic rock radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1975
Wrestling at the 2019 Southeast Asian Games was held at the AUF Sports and Cultural Center, Angeles City, Philippines, from 9 to 10 December 2019.
Medal table
Medalists
Men's Greco-Roman
Men's freestyle
Women's freestyle
References
External links
2019 Southeast Asian Games events
Hoar Construction is a privately held construction company specializing in commercial, industrial, health care, government, cultural/entertainment, education, residential, hospitality, and retail/mixed use construction. Founded in 1940 by Friend Reed (F.R.) Hoar and headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama, the company is currently ranked as one of the top 200 contractors in the United States. In addition to its Birmingham headquarters, Hoar also has offices in Orlando, Nashville, Houston, Austin, DC, and Atlanta.
History
The company initially specialized in the construction of churches throughout the Birmingham area. Richard Hoar joined his father's construction business in 1947, and F.R. Hoar and Son was established.
After completing construction on 45 churches, F.R. Hoar and Son expanded its focus to include retail, commercial, and industrial projects. The company renamed itself Hoar Construction in 1985.
In 2008, it was named the fifth best place to work in America.
With US$866 million in revenue for 2018, Hoar Construction was ranked 10th among Birmingham's largest privately held companies. In August 2018, Turner Burton was promoted to president of the company. At the same time, Randall Curtis was announced as chief operating officer and Will Watson was named vice president of the Alabama division to replace Burton. In December 2018, Hoar Construction was named the Company of the Year in Construction Dive's annual Dive Awards.
Major projects
Some of Hoar's recent notable projects include:
Abilene Christian University, Abilene, Texas
Avalon 8000, Alpharetta, Ga.
Broadwest, Nashville, Tenn.
Capitol View, Nashville, Tenn.
Child 's of Alabama, Birmingham, Ala., onsite since 2009
Colony Square, Atlanta, Ga.
Dania Pointe, Dania Beach, Fla.
Elysium 14, Washington, D.C.
Encompass Health, multiple projects since 1996
GD Copper USA, Pine Hill, Ala.
Historic Federal Reserve, Birmingham, Ala.
Hotel Indigo Gainesville-Celebration Pointe, Gainesville, Fla.
Inspire on 22nd, Austin, Texas
Latitude Med Center, Houston, Texas
Poff Federal Building, Roanoke, Va.
Studer Family Children's Hospital, Pensacola, Fla.
Talladega Superspeedway, Talladega, Ala.
Texas A&M University Building for Academic and Student Services, Texarkana, Texas
Toyota Field, Madison, Ala.
University of Tennessee at Chattanooga West Campus Housing, Chattanooga, Tenn.
Vireo, Atlanta, Ga.
Awards
Dive Awards 2018 Company of the Year — Construction Dive
References
External links
Companies based in Birmingham, Alabama
Construction and civil engineering companies established in 1940
Privately held companies based in Alabama
Construction and civil engineering companies of the United States
1940 establishments in Alabama
Course equivalency is the term used in higher education describing how a course offered by one college or university relates to a course offered by another. If a course is viewed as equal or more challenging in subject and course material than the course offered by the receiving college or university, the course can be noted as an equivalent course. A course equivalency can be unilateral, meaning it is deemed equivalent by the receiver. Or, it could be bilateral, meaning both sender and receiver acknowledge their acceptance of each other's course as equivalent. The methods and measures used to determine course equivalency vary by institution, state, region and country.
Background
College transfer often requires the determination and evaluation of prior course learning. Receiving institutions usually maintain course equivalency tables listing how courses equate by sender institution. Unless the receiving institution maintains an online public reference to the course equivalency tables, students have difficulty ascertaining transferability of their credit experiences. As a result, student transitions from sender to receiver can be very problematic. This has led a number of states to initiate legislate reforms, regulations and mandates to augment the tracking of course equivalencies. A variety of statistics, studies, and initiatives have been documented (see References).
The most common course attributes evaluated to determine course equivalency are description, academic credits, accreditation, type of instructor, method of instruction, level of instruction, learning outcomes, grade scale and grade earned, pre-requisites, co-requisites and textbook. This is not an exclusive list of course attributes. Generally, faculty perform the determination of course equivalencies. Course equivalency decisions can often be appealed by presenting evidence to an academic department.
See also
College transfer
Articulation (education)
Career college
Community college
Junior college
University
List of colleges and universities
References
Council for Higher Education Accreditation (CHEA). (2000). A Statement to the Community: Transfer and the Public Interest. Available at https://web.archive.org/web/20121030030718/http://www.chea.org/pdf/transfer_state_02.pdf.
National Center for Education Statistics. (2005) The Road Less Traveled? Students Who Enroll in Multiple Institutions. Retrieved from http://nces.ed.gov/pubs2005/2005157.pdf.
External links
Transferology Course Equivalency Lookup
Didactics
Academic transfer
Erick Gabriel Iragua Parraga (born 30 November 1995), commonly known as Erick Iragua, is a Bolivian footballer who plays for Guabirá as a midfielder.
Club career
On 30 June 2015, after suffering top division relegation with Universitario de Pando, Iragua signed a two-year deal with Portuguese club União da Madeira.
International career
He was part of the Bolivia national under-20 football team, who played the 2015 South American Youth Championship in Uruguay. He scored one goal in the competition on 15 January 2015, in a 2–4 defeat against Paraguay.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Santa Cruz de la Sierra
Bolivian footballers
Association football midfielders
Primeira Liga players
Club Bolívar players
C.F. União players
Oriente Petrolero players
Club San José players
Guabirá players
Bolivian Primera División players
2015 South American Youth Football Championship players
Bolivian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Bolivian expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Bolivia youth international footballers
Marcus of Calabria was a fourth-century Roman bishop and delegate to the first Council of Nicaea.
Little is known of his life career or Episcopal work, and he would have remained largely unknown to history except that he was one of only five delegates from the Catholic Western Roman Empire to attend first Council of Nicaea.
He is listed as delegate 208 in the Greek version of the Patrum Nicaenorum Nomina as being Bishop of Calabria in Southern Italy; however, he is listed as a bishop from Dacia in the Syriac and the Greek text "Nicene Catalogue of Fathers and Cities", by Theodorus Lector, both of which record the proceedings of the First Council of Nicaea.
References
External links
Updated English Translations of the Creed, Rulings (Canons), and Letters Connected to the Council.
The Road to Nicaea A descriptive overview of the events of the Council, by John Anthony McGuckin.
The Council of Nicaea and the Bible This article deals with the legend that the canon of the bible was discussed at the council.
4th-century births
4th-century Romans
4th-century Italian bishops
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
is a private university in Hirosaki, Aomori Prefecture, Japan, established in 2002. The school operates as both a four-year and as a two-year junior college, specializing in nursing and medical social welfare.
External links
Official website
Nursing schools in Japan
Educational institutions established in 2002
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Aomori Prefecture
2002 establishments in Japan
Japanese junior colleges
Sinjar is a 2018 Indian Jasari language film written and directed by Pampally. The movie grabbed the Best Feature Film in Jasari and Indira Gandhi Award for Best Debut Film of a Director at the 65th National Film Awards, which were declared at New Delhi on 13 April 2018. Sinjar also won award in Best Debut Film of a Director. This is the first movie shot in Jasari language.
Plot
This movie is completely taken in the colloquial language of Lakshadweep Islands, called JASARI. The movie “SINJAR” is depicting the story of an ordinary fisherman living in the capital city of Lakshadweep Island, Kavaratti.
The story revolves around the protagonist Ansar, his sister SUHARA, and ANSAR'S fiancée FIDA. Ansar got engaged to FIDA. However, he did not bring her home because as per their custom only after wedding he could bring her home. The story further unfolds how the International terrorism impacts the ordinary life of an islander. The movie begins with SUHARA and ANSAR'S fiancée FIDA, getting rescued by Ministry of External Affairs form the clench of ISIS terrorists who had abducted them from their workplace in foreign land. They are brought back to Lakshadweep with several other women who too had been to foreign land in pursuit of jobs. It's only later through the media the islander gets to know that the rescued women were brutally raped by ISIS terrorists. ANSAR too gets to know about this. ANASAR started weaving doubts about FIDA. Whether she too was a victim of such brutality? He decides to confront her with his doubt. But as he questions her she fell unconscious, and found that she is pregnant. ANSAR decides to break up with her before wedding itself.
In this diorama SUHARA reveals that she is also a victim similar to FIDA. Will ANSAR take a similar adjudication in SUHARA'S case? Would he cast away his own sibling SUHARA or not? This was the topic of discussion among the islanders. Meanwhile, FIDA rises from the ashes like a phoenix and decides to bring up her illegitimate kid into this world and bring it up as pious and the best Muslim.
Cast
Ansar: Musthafa
Fida: Srinda Arhaan
Suhara: Mythili
Haris (Friend): Binoy Nambala
Umma (Ansar): Sethulekshmi Amma
Hamsa (Driver): Munshi Dileep
Ahemed Haji (Fida father): Kottayam Padman
Umma (Fida): Durga
Subair (Fida brother): Yassar (Androth, Lakshadweep)
Agent: Rishin Sali
Fathimathatha: Lakshmi S.
Sunaina (Subair wife): Sumaya (Androth, Lakshadweep)
Daughter (Subair): Siyana (Kavaratti, Lakshadweep)
Advocate: P.I.Kunjikoya (Androth, Lakshadweep)
Asees (Cycle Shope): Sajad Bright (Androth, Lakshadweep)
Thangal: Bamban Kattupuram (Androth, Lakshadweep)
Mukri: Fakrudheen (Androth, Lakshadweep)
Koya: Noor Varnalayam (Androth, Lakshadweep)
Lady Doctor: Gayathri
Ward Member: Awri Rahman (Amini, Lakshadweep)
Awards
1. DEBUT DIRECTOR OF A FILM - 65TH NATIONAL FILM AWARDS 2018
2. BEST MOVIE IN JASARI - 65TH NATIONAL FILM AWARDS 2018
3. BEST MOVIE-CANADA INTERNATIONAL FILM FESTIVAL 2019
4. BEST MOVIE - LAKECITY INTERNATIONAL FILM FESTIVAL 2018
5. BEST MOVIE - SHIMLA INTERNATIONAL FILM FESTIVAL 2018
6. BEST CINEMATOGRAPHY - LAKECITY INTERNATIONAL FILM FESTIVAL 2018
References
External links
Best Debut Feature Film of a Director National Film Award winners
Then Barbara Met Alan is a 2022 British television drama film about Barbara Lisicki and Alan Holdsworth, the founders of DAN (Disabled People's Direct Action Network), a disability activism group. It is written by Jack Thorne and Genevieve Barr and stars Ruth Madeley and Arthur Hughes. It broadcast on BBC Two on 21 March 2022.
Plot
After meeting in 1989 at a gig, two cabaret performers, comedian Barbara and activist-performer Alan, fall in love. Fueled by their passion and life experiences of mistreatment by an ableist society, they help found DAN, the Disabled People's Direct Action Network and lead protests for disabled people's rights which eventually lead to the Disability Discrimination Act of 1995. As the movement grows and the pair have a child of their own, the pressure begins to wear on their relationship
Cast
Ruth Madeley as Barbara Lisicki
Arthur Hughes as Alan Holdsworth
Phillipa Cole as Sue
Mat Fraser as Mat
Liz Carr as Liz
Production
The project had the working titles of Piss on Pity and later Independence Day? How Disabled Rights Were Won. During his MacTaggart Lecture at the Edinburgh TV Festival, Thorne said this was the first time he had a budget comparable to regular television drama for a disability-centered project. Concerning production difficulties in general, this lecture referenced a forthcoming report by Screen Skills written by four writers including Jack Thorne and Genevieve Barr, and it debated the ideas behind a forthcoming campaign of the same name, Underlying Heath Conditions, concerning TV and disabled people.
The production prioritized disabled talent and visibility, including 17 disabled actors, 55 disabled supporting actors and 50% senior editorial team representation, in addition to extra help from disability groups as consultants and co-ordinators. Lisicki was also involved in the production, providing archival materials and historical consultancy.
Historical alterations
Some historical events and people depicted were altered for dramatic purposes. These include:
the Block Telethon protests in 1990 and 1992 were organised under the name of Campaign to Stop Patronage,
DAN was formally created in the spring of 1993 by around 16 disabled people at a weekend meeting in Norwich,
some of the later protest events in the film around the compromised Disability Discrimination Act 1995 were organised by a disability campaign called Rights Now! although most DAN members took part in these protests too.
Reception
The film received positive reviews, commending the performances, storytelling and attitude towards disability. Several reviews also noted the presentation of a disabled sex scene on mainstream television. Jack Seale of The Guardian awarded the film five out of five stars, declaring it a 'rollicking fact-based drama'. Sean O'Grady of The Independent also gave it five out of five stars and remarked the film, '(is) as much a moving love story and wryly amusing sitcom as it is an emotionally charged chronicle of a small revolution.' He also praised Madeley and Hughes' performances. Ben Dowell of The Times gave it four out five stars. The Daily Telegraph also gave it four out five stars.
In an article for The Guardian, disability activist and author Frances Ryan extolled the programme's highlighting of an undercelebrated part of civil rights history, as well as its handling of disabled representation on television.
References
External links
2022 in British television
British television films
2022 films
Films set in England
Films shot in England
Films with screenplays by Jack Thorne
2020s English-language films
Sammy Brown (born April 17, 1990) is an American football outside linebacker who is currently a free agent. He was most recently a member of the Ottawa Redblacks of the Canadian Football League (CFL). He was signed by the Rams as an undrafted free agent in 2012. He played college football for the University of Houston after transferring from Mississippi Gulf Coast Community College.
He has also played for the Miami Dolphins.
College career
Brown attended Stone County High School in Wiggins, Mississippi. He spent his first two college seasons competing at Gulf Coast Community College, where he totaled 64 tackles, one forced fumble, and two interceptions. He transferred to the University of Houston for the spring semester of his sophomore season and participated in spring practice. In his junior season, he played in all 12 games, starting 11 of them. He led Conference USA and finished fifth in the NCAA in tackles for loss with 20. He finished the season with 76 total tackles.
In his senior season, Brown played in all 14 of Houston's games, and finished with 93 total tackles, 30 tackles for loss, and 13.5 sacks. Brown's 30 tackles for loss ranked second in the NCAA.
Professional career
Pre-Draft
Samuel Michelle Brown was drafted in the 8 round pick 28.He was a star out of the draft on the practice field.With his first start coming in week 6 against the Packers.He recorded 3 sacks and 10 tackles.
St. Louis Rams
On May 5, 2012, he was signed by the Rams as an undrafted free agent. At the conclusion of 2012 training camp, Brown was released with the intention of him clearing waivers and being re-signed to the practice squad. However, he was picked up by the Miami Dolphins on waivers.
Miami Dolphins
Brown was claimed on waivers by the Dolphins on September 1, 2012. He was a healthy inactive in the team's season opener versus the Houston Texans. After 10 days with the team, Brown was released on September 11, 2012.
St. Louis Rams (II)
On September 14, the Rams brought Brown back, signing him to their practice squad. Brown became notable during the team's week 7 preparation, when Rams coach Jeff Fisher had Brown practice while wearing a long blond wig to emulate Green Bay Packers linebacker Clay Matthews. Brown was elevated to the active roster on November 30, 2012, to give the team a full group of linebackers in the absence of the injured Mario Haggan. He was once again released on August 26, 2014.
Winnipeg Blue Bombers
Added to the Winnipeg Blue Bombers (CFL) roster on May 14, 2015. Released a month later, on June 15, 2015.
Edmonton Eskimos
Signed to the practice roster of the Edmonton Eskimos (CFL) on September 15, 2015. Released on October 2, 2015.
Saskatchewan Roughriders
Was on the roster of the Saskatchewan Roughriders (CFL), but was transferred to the suspended list on May 29, 2016. He was released by the Riders on June 29, 2016.
Ottawa Redblacks
Brown signed onto the practice roster of the Ottawa Redblacks (CFL) on September 20, 2016; but was released on October 10, 2016. He was on and off the Redblacks roster for the remainder of the 2016 season and he was eventually released on April 10, 2017.
Now Sammy Brown coaches football and basketball at Oakville High School.
References
External links
University of Houston bio
St. Louis Rams bio
1990 births
Living people
American football linebackers
Edmonton Elks players
Houston Cougars football players
Sportspeople from Hattiesburg, Mississippi
People from Wiggins, Mississippi
Players of American football from Mississippi
St. Louis Rams players
Ottawa Redblacks players
The black-ringed white-eye or lemon-throated white-eye (Zosterops anomalus) is a species of bird in the family Zosteropidae. It is endemic to Sulawesi, Indonesia. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
References
Birds described in 1896
Endemic birds of Sulawesi
Zosterops
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Montri Vaenpradab (, born August 18, 1987) is a member of the Thailand men's national volleyball team.
Career
Montri played on loan with the Thai club Air Force for the 2017 season.
Clubs
Chiang Rai (2010–2012)
Cosmo - Chiang Rai (2012–2013)
Sisaket Suandusit (2013–2014)
Krungkao Air Force (2014–2015)
Ratchaburi (2015–2018)
Air Force (2017)
Visakha (2018–2019)
Awards
Individuals
2010–11 Thailand League "Best Blocker"
Club
2011-12 Thailand League - Runner-Up, with Chiang Rai
2015 Thai-Denmark Super League - Bronze Medal, with Krungkao Air Force
2016–17 Thailand League - Third, with Ratchaburi
2018–19 Thailand League - Third, with Visakha
Royal decoration
2015 - Gold Medalist (Sixth Class) of The Most Admirable Order of the Direkgunabhorn
References
1987 births
Living people
Montri Vaenpradab
Montri Vaenpradab
Volleyball players at the 2010 Asian Games
Volleyball players at the 2014 Asian Games
Montri Vaenpradab
Southeast Asian Games medalists in volleyball
Competitors at the 2009 Southeast Asian Games
Montri Vaenpradab
USV Private Limited (formerly USV Limited) is an Indian multinational pharmaceutical and biotechnology company in Mumbai, India. The company operates across 75 countries globally, and is a leading producer of Metformin in India.
The company was founded by Vithal Balkrishna Gandhi to provide affordable and quality healthcare to every Indian. Leena Tewari, his granddaughter, is the chairperson of the company, and Prashant Tewari is the managing director.
The company is focused on the development of small-molecule active pharmaceutical ingredients along with custom research services for drug development.
References
Pharmaceutical companies of India
Biotechnology companies of India
Pharmaceutical companies established in 1961
Companies based in Mumbai
Indian companies established in 1961
1961 establishments in Maharashtra
Ilori (; , Elyr; ) is a village in the Ochamchira District of Abkhazia, Georgia, located on the coast of the Black Sea. The elevation of the village is 10 meters above sea level. The location was first mentioned in the 11th century, AD. During the Middle Ages, Ilori became a part of the Principality of Odishi. The village is home to one of the most important western Georgian architectural sites of the Medieval Period, The Church of St. George of Ilori which was constructed in the first quarter of the 11th century, AD.
Ilori is also the site of Elyr-nykha – one of the seven shrines of the Abkhaz traditional religion.
See also
Ochamchira District
References
Populated places in Ochamchira District
Sukhum Okrug
Johan Oviedo (born March 2, 1998) is a Cuban professional baseball pitcher for the Pittsburgh Pirates of Major League Baseball (MLB). He has previously played in MLB for the St. Louis Cardinals.
Career
St. Louis Cardinals
On July 2, 2016, Oviedo signed with the St. Louis Cardinals as an international free agent and was assigned to the DSL Cardinals. He split 2017 with the Johnson City Cardinals and the State College Spikes. In 2018, he was promoted to the Peoria Chiefs, where he would spend the season. He then spent the 2019 season with the Springfield Cardinals.
Oviedo was assigned to the Triple-A Memphis Redbirds to begin the 2020 season, but due to the COVID-19 pandemic, Minor League Baseball did not have a season and was added to the newly formed 60-man player pool.
Oviedo was selected to the active roster on August 19, 2020 and made his MLB debut that day. Over five starts with St. Louis, he went 0–3 with a 5.47 ERA, striking out 16 over innings. After making 19 starts and 24 total appearances without earning a win, Oviedo earned his first career win on June 22, 2022, against the Milwaukee Brewers, pitching scoreless innings out of the bullpen and striking out three.
Pittsburgh Pirates
On August 1, 2022, Oviedo and Malcom Núñez were traded to the Pittsburgh Pirates for José Quintana and Chris Stratton.
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
Dominican Summer League Cardinals players
Cuban expatriate baseball players in the Dominican Republic
Johnson City Cardinals players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Major League Baseball players from Cuba
Cuban expatriate baseball players in the United States
Palm Beach Cardinals players
Peoria Chiefs players
Pittsburgh Pirates players
Sportspeople from Havana
Springfield Cardinals players
St. Louis Cardinals players
State College Spikes players
Yvon Le Maho (born 7 September 1947 in Goderville) is a French ecophysiologist and research director at the CNRS at the University of Strasbourg.
Biography
He was elected correspondent of the French Academy of sciences on 22 March 1993, then member (in the Integrative Biology section) on 28 October 1996. He was involved in the Grenelle de l'environnement and drafted a report on GMO maize in which he clearly expressed his opposition to GMOs, drawing in particular on the work of Gilles-Éric Séralini and Corinne Lepage of the CRII-GEN foundation.
Publications
"Ecophysiology: Nature and function", Nature 416, 21 (2002)
In collaboration with
A. Ancel, G.L. Kooyman, P.J. Ponganis, J.-P. Gendner, J. Lignon, X. Mestre, N. Huin, P.H. Thorson, P. Robisson, Y. Le Maho, « Foraging behaviour of emperor penguins as a resource detector in winter and summer », Nature, 360: 336-339 (1992)
A. Ancel, H. Visser, Y. Handrich, D. Masman, Y. Le Maho, « Energy saving in huddling penguins », Nature, 385: 304-305 (1997).
Y. Handrich, R. M. Bevan, J.-B. Charrassin, P. J. Butler, K. Putz, A. J. Woakes, J. Lage & Y. Le Maho., « Hypothermia in foraging king penguins », Nature 388, 64-67 (1997).
M. Gauthier-Clerc, Y. Le Maho, Y. Clerquin, S. Drault, Y. Handrich, « Penguin fathers store food for their chicks », Nature, 408: 928-929 (2000).
Luc Abbadie, Gilles Bœuf, Allain Bougrain-Dubourg, Claudine Cohen, Bruno David, Philippe Descola, Françoise Gaill, Jean Gayon, Thierry Hoquet, Philippe Janvier, Yvon Le Maho, Guillaume Lecointre, Valérie Masson-Delmotte, Armand de Ricqlès, Philippe Taquet, Stéphanie Thiébault et Frédérique Viard, Paris, Reliefs/MNHN, 2017, 80 p. ().
References
1947 births
Living people
French biologists
CNRS research directors
Members of the French Academy of Sciences
Jomo Wilson (born September 22, 1983) is an American football wide receiver who is currently a free agent. He played for the University of Toledo before transferring to Eastern Oregon University. He was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Central Valley Coyotes in 2007. In 2009, Wilson signed with the Boise Burn. He then moved on to the Jacksonville Sharks where he played for two years, 2010 and 2011. In 2011, Jomo hauled in 131 receptions for 1737 yards and 44 touchdowns, helping his team win ArenaBowl XXIV.
College career
Wilson attended the University of Toledo before transferring to San Joaquin Delta College. Upon completing his degree at San Joaquin Delta, Wilson continued his football career at Eastern Oregon University.
Professional career
Wilson has been good friends with Aaron Garcia during his time in the Arena Football League. On April 14, 2014, Wilson was traded by to the Sharks for future considerations. On March 14, 2015, Wilson was traded, along with Nyere Aumaitre and Undra Hendrix, for Derrick Ross,
References
External links
San Antonio Talons Bio
Jacksonville Sharks Bio
1983 births
Sportspeople from Peoria, Illinois
Players of American football from Illinois
Living people
American football wide receivers
American football defensive backs
Toledo Rockets football players
Eastern Oregon Mountaineers football players
Central Valley Coyotes players
Boise Burn players
Jacksonville Sharks players
San Antonio Talons players
San Joaquin Delta College alumni
Delta College Mustangs football players
Las Vegas Outlaws (arena football) players
Beşikçi is a village in the District of Kumluca, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kumluca District
Gabriel-Albert Aurier (5 May 1865 – 5 October 1892) was a French poet, art critic and painter, associated with the Symbolist movement.
Career
The son of a notary born in Châteauroux, Indre, Aurier went to Paris in 1883 to study law, but his attention was soon drawn to art and literature; he then began to contribute to Symbolist periodicals. He reviewed the annual Salon in Le Décadent, later contributed to La Plume and, in 1889, was the managing editor of Le Moderniste Illustré. From its foundation in 1890, he contributed to the Mercure de France, which published the essays on which Aurier's fame was founded: "" and "".
After a trip to Marseille, Aurier died at the age of twenty-seven in Paris, on 5 October 1892, from a typhus infection. The next day, friends, writers and artists accompanied his coffin on the funeral train departing from the Gare d'Orsay for Châteauroux, where his remains were entombed in the family grave.
Six months after his death, in April 1893, his friends published his collected writings (Œuvres posthumes), edited by the Mercure de France.
Art collecting
Most of the Van Gogh paintings from Aurier's collection were acquired by Helene Kröller-Müller, and are now in the collections of the Kröller-Müller Museum, Otterlo (The Netherlands). Works by other artists from Aurier's estate - Émile Bernard, A. Fourmon, by unknown artists and Aurier himself - were first on public view in Paris, in 1960.
Selected art criticism
Les Isolés: Vincent van Gogh, Mercure de France, January 1890, pp. 24-29 English translation
Le Symbolisme en peinture: Paul Gauguin, Mercure de France, March 1891, pp. 155-165
Les Symbolistes, Revue encyclopédique 2, 1 April 1892, pp. 474–486, illustrated
References and sources
References
Sources
1865 births
1892 deaths
People from Châteauroux
Symbolist poets
French art critics
French artists
French art collectors
19th-century French journalists
French male journalists
French male poets
19th-century French poets
19th-century French male writers
HMS Albacore was a "thirty-knotter" destroyer of the British Royal Navy, which was later classified as part of the B class. She was built by Palmer's of Yarrow as a private venture, launching in 1906, and being purchased in 1909. She served through the First World War before being sold for scrap in 1919.
Construction and design
The shipbuilder Palmers Shipbuilding and Iron Company laid down two destroyers on speculation (i.e. without a specific order) on 1 September 1905, as Yard Number 786 and 787. The two destroyers were of generally similar size and design to the Royal Navy's earlier "thirty knotter" destroyers (later redesignated as the B, C or D class depending on the number of funnels), with a turtleback forecastle, with the Royal Navy having abandoned the "thirty-knotter" type for the River-class destroyers, with a higher raised forecastle instead of a turtleback, and sacrificing high speed in sea trials in favour of greater seaworthiness. The first of the two ships, which would later become HMS Albacore, was launched on 9 October 1906. Palmer's was unable to find a customer for these ships, however, and offered to sell them to the Royal Navy on 5 December 1907 for £70,000–80,000 each. The Admiralty rejected the offer in February 1908, but in April two destroyers, and , were lost in accidents and it was decided to order the two stock ships from Palmer's as replacements. A provisional order for the two ships was placed on 8 May 1908, at a price of £60,000 each, depending on successful trials, with a speed of being required.
Unlike most "thirty-knotter"s, the new ships were powered by steam turbines rather than triple expansion engines, with four Reed boilers feeding steam at to Parsons direct drive turbines which drove two shafts, generating . The ships had four funnels, with the middle two funnels closely spaced.
Albacores hull was long overall and between perpendiculars, with a beam of and a draught of . She displaced normal load and deep load. The ship's stem was higher than earlier turtleback destroyers, while rather than the narrow conning tower of the earlier destroyers, Albacore had a full width bridge situated further aft, which was claimed by Palmer's to make the ship much dryer in heavy seas. Gun armament consisted of three QF 12 pounder 12 cwt naval guns, with two situated side by side on top of the bridge and one aft. Two 18 inch (450 mm) torpedo tubes were carried, while the ship had a complement of 56 officers and men.
Service
Although it was hoped that the ship could be accepted quickly, with delivery expected within two to three months of the order being placed, official sea trials proved problematical. Albacore only reached a maximum of instead of the required 31 knots, which may have been due to more realistic trial conditions. The Admiralty finally agreed to accept Albacore and her sister ship Bonetta on 3 March 1909, paying £45,000 for each. HMS Albacore was commissioned on 27 March that year.
Albacore was part of the Fourth Destroyer Flotilla in 1910, and of the Sixth Flotilla in 1913. On 30 August 1912 the Admiralty directed all destroyers were to be grouped into classes designated by letters based on appearance. As a four-funneled ship, Albacore was listed as a B-class destroyer on 1 October 1913. On 6 April 1914 a boiler tube burst in Chatham harbour, killing three men.
On the outbreak of the First World War in August 1914, Albacore was sent to Scapa Flow to join the local patrol flotilla protecting the anchorage of the Grand Fleet. Albacore was heavily damaged on 9 March 1917 when she struck a mine laid by the German submarine off Kirkwall, her bow being blown off and 17 of her crew being killed, but was later repaired, being back in service by July 1917. Albacore was sold for scrap on 1 August 1919.
Pennant numbers
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
Ships built on the River Tyne
B-class destroyers (1913)
World War I destroyers of the United Kingdom
The National Panasonic Model RE-784A is a vacuum tube AM/FM table radio from the post-war era (1960s) manufactured by National Panasonic (defunct, now Panasonic). The miniature tube-based circuitry follows the "All American Five" tube design, which allowed a more compact footprint of the radio; suited for sitting atop a fireplace mantle or to be mounted under a kitchen cabinet. One feature of the FM band for this radio is AFC tuning, that allowed the listener to "lock-in" an FM station without having to worry about station drifting or drops in audio volume associated with FM station tuning.
Construction
The radio is rather small when compared to other tube radios available at the time, with the cabinet (not including 4 hard rubber feet) measuring approx. 17.3 × 8.7 × 6.3 inches and weighing in at just a couple pounds. Several options for the case were available, including acrylic. However, wooden cases were more common and constructed from a sturdy laminated plywood with a finished (typically walnut) veneer. The rear of the case was made from fiber pegboard material to allow proper ventilation of heat generated by the tubes inside. The tubes are user-replaceable and are easily accessible with the removal of the 3 Philips screws on the back of the unit. The AC power cable terminates to a 2-prong female plug on the rear pegboard case to discourage powering the unit while the cover is removed, as a safety feature.
Internal circuitry
The circuitry used in the radio is based on the "All-American Five (miniature)" tube setup, sans the 35W4 mini rectifier tube that would have been used at the time in other tube radios.
Tubes used in the 784 Series
The 784 series uses a total of six tubes, 5 of which are "miniature". The only "full-size" tube is the 17EW8, which is used to drive the AM/FM receiver circuit.
17EW8: VHF Double [Triode]
12BE6: Heptode Pentagrid
12BA6 (two) Pentode: used for RF amplification
12AV6: Duplex-diodes
50C5: Beam Pentode used for the power amplifier, which drives the speaker.
Specifications.
Power requirements: 110–120 volts alternating current (AC) at 60 Hz (US power plug)
AM frequency range: 525–1605 kHz
FM frequency range: 87–108 MHz
Front controls: Volume, AM/FM/FM-AFC, tuning, neon power indicator lamp. The tone knob changes the clarity of broadcasts, as well as integrates the power switch. Turning the tone knob fully counterclockwise shuts the radio off.
Internal loudspeaker: 6.50-inch paper cone (dynamic), made by Matushita, 3.2Ω, 3 Watts
Collectibility
Since AM and FM radio stations still exist throughout the world, the 784-series has not become obsolete quite yet. Not many models of tube FM radios exist, due to the time frame of when this particular radio was released; around the time the transistor made its way into consumer electronics. The 784 is fairly common on the used market (found on sites, such as eBay), with prices ranging between US$25 and $200, depending on condition and cabinet construction. The plywood-constructed 784s are sturdier, due to plastic-cased variants being susceptible to cracking or discoloring.
Vacuum tube audio still finds a niche market within the audiophile community. Tube amplification is known for its warmer sound, and known to bring out the fullest of analog media, when compared to solid state audio components. The RE-784 should not be considered an "Audiophile" radio, but a low-cost gateway into the potential of the tube audio community.
Use and care
All vacuum tubes are susceptible to failure after their useful life has been given up. The 784 includes a circuit diagram printed on the bottom of the unit, as well as a tube location diagram on the rear access panel. Due to the age of the 784, the inside has likely collected dust, and should be lightly blown out with compressed air to prevent a burning smell from the dust. Furthermore, the tops of the tubes should be cleaned with a minor solvent (with the unit disconnected and cooled down) to remove caked-on dust to help dissipate heat for longer life of the tubes. The tubes may become unseated from their sockets during shipping, and care should be taken to prevent them from being subjected to heavy vibrations and shock if the unit needs to be moved.
Tube amplifiers can require several minutes to warm up to achieve optimal tonal quality. Unlike transistors, vacuum tubes require sufficient heat to allow the flow of electrons between plates inside of the vacuum
Power on procedure: Turn volume knob all the way down. Turn the tone knob clockwise for an affirmative "click" and wait approximately 45 seconds for the tubes to heat up. You can then adjust the volume and tone accordingly.
Tuning an FM station: With the unit powered on, turn the AM/FM knob to FM. Slowly turn the dial to the desired station in the loudest position. The AM/FM knob can then be turned to FM AFC to prevent tuning drift.
Troubleshooting
Any of the six tubes located within the radio will start to show signs of age after several hundreds of hours from normal operation. The simplest method to verify a tube is working is peered into the back of the unit with power applied. If you notice any tubes not glowing orange, there is likely a failed tube or circuit driving the tube. Alternately, some tubes may start showing a purple Plasma (physics) when warming up, which means the tube is likely starting to fail. The most comprehensive way to check the health of the tubes is with a tube tester, which requires removal of the tube and dialing in the specifications and reading results on a meter.
See also
History of radio
FM broadcasting
References
External links
Radiomuseum.org's page on the RE-784A
YouTube video of National Panasonic RE-784 in operation
Tube Audio Comeback
Models of radios
Panasonic products
Elections in Manipur are conducted since 1952 to elect the members for Manipur Legislative Assembly and Lok Sabha. There are 60 assembly constituencies and 2 Lok Sabha constituencies.
Assembly Elections
1967
1972
1974
1980
1984
1990
1995
2000
2002
2007
2012
2017
2022
Lok Sabha elections
The elections held in Manipur for Lok Sabha are listed below.
See also
List of constituencies of the Manipur Legislative Assembly
References
Åmot Idrettsforening is a Norwegian multisports club located in Åmot. It has sections for boxing, handball, football and cross-country skiing.
The football team being the most prominent, it played in the Second Division as late as 2007, but for the next season its first team merged with others to become Modum FK. Hence, Åmot's second team in the Fourth Division emerged as its new first team. In the 2008 season Åmot was runner-up in Fourth Division and was promoted to Third Division. Åmot was relegated in 2009.
Recent seasons
{|
|valign="top" width=0%|
References
External links
Official website
Football clubs in Norway
Association football clubs established in 1919
1919 establishments in Norway
Rosebud Sioux Tribal Airport is a public use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) south of the central business district of Rosebud, in Todd County, South Dakota, United States. The airport is owned by the Rosebud Sioux Tribe.
Although many U.S. airports use the same three-letter location identifier for the FAA and IATA, this facility is assigned SUO by the FAA but has no designation from the IATA.
Facilities and aircraft
Rosebud Sioux Tribal Airport resides at elevation of 2,724 feet (830 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 16/34 with a concrete surface measuring 4,800 by 75 feet (1,463 x 23 m).
For the 12-month period ending June 19, 2012, the airport had 700 general aviation aircraft operations, an average of 58 per month.
See also
Mission Sioux Airport
References
External links
Airports in South Dakota
Buildings and structures in Todd County, South Dakota
Native American airports
"Caught in the Crowd" is a song by Australian singer songwriter Kate Miller-Heidke. It was released in February 2009 as the second single to be lifted from Miller-Heidke's second album Curiouser. It was written by Kate Miller-Heidke and Keir Nuttall. The song peaked at number 33 on the ARIA Charts and was certified gold.
Background
On Miller-Heidke's official website she states; "'Caught in the Crowd' is a different kind of song, with a double tug of the heart-string behind the gentle texture of music, and the recognisably real story of a lingering childhood regret and she cryed."
The song is a first-person account by a passive observer towards bullying and the regret they experience later in life. In speaking with The Feed's Patrick Abboud about the song's origins, she revealed that “I was never the bully but I was definitely bullied and I also saw other people being bullied, and didn't have the courage to step in and then later regretted it.”
International songwriting competition
In April 2009 Katie Miller-Heidke and Keir Nuttall were awarded the US$25,000 Grand Prize in the 2008 International Songwriting Competition for their composition "Caught in the Crowd".
Music video
The video starts in a laboratory with Heidke looking through the room with a torch. She pulls the sheet off a piece of equipment and tears out a drawing of a boy in a notebook. She drops it into some liquid chemicals and the drawing comes to life. Through the drawings in the notebook, we see flashbacks telling the story of the song.
The music video was filmed in the Brisbane Grammar School Science Block, in lab 8, Brisbane.
Video competition
"Caught in the Crowd" was the subject of a 2009 schools video competition, in which students were invited to highlight the issue of bullying by producing a music video for the song. The competition was promoted through social networking site MySpace and The Daily Telegraph, and was supported by the NSW Department of Education & Training and Kids Help Line. Among the schools that participated, Miller-Heidke selected a rendition by Dandenong High School to be uploaded to her official channel.
Digital release
A digital version of the physical CD single was released on 20 February 2009 which features the same tracks along with an additional track, "Kid on a Leash", on the iTunes release.
A separate digital single was released after the song won Miller-Heidke and partner Keir Nuttall first prize at the International Songwriting Competition. Two songs, different from the physical release, accompanied "Caught in the Crowd" on the digital release. It included the previously unreleased song, "Are You Fucking Kidding Me?", recorded at one of her concerts on the Caught in the Crowd Tour. Due to the potential confusion between the two releases, the initial release is named Caught In the Crowd - EP on Miller-Heidke's iTunes Store.
Track listing
CD single
"Caught in the Crowd" - 3:33
"Caught in the Crowd" (Concept Car Remix) - 4:14
"Can't Shake It" (Concept Car Remix) - 6:07
Digital download single (exclusive to iTunes)
"Caught in the Crowd" - 3:33
"Are You Fucking Kidding Me?" - 3:19
"Can't Shake It" (Disco Dommage Remix) - 4:09
"Kid on a Leash" - 2:26
Charts
Weekly charts
End of Year Charts
Certifications
Release history
References
External links
"Caught in the Crowd" music video on YouTube
"Caught In The Crowd" by Dandenong High on YouTube
2009 singles
Kate Miller-Heidke songs
Songs written by Keir Nuttall
Songs written by Kate Miller-Heidke
2008 songs
Sony BMG singles
Songs about bullying
Group is a name service database used to store group information on Unix-like operating systems. The sources for the group database (and hence the sources for groups on a system) are configured, like other name service databases, in nsswitch.conf.
Seeing available groups on a Unix system
The contents of the group database (and available groups) can be seen with a variety of tools:
Command line
The getent command can be used to fetch group information.
Fetching a list of all available groups
getent group
Fetching a specific group
For a specific group called 'users':
getent group users
Python
grp - The Group Database — a Python module
Unix authentication-related software
Marshborough is a small hamlet immediately adjacent to Woodnesborough in East Kent, England.
Listed buildings
Parsonage Farm
The farmhouse was built in the 17th century or earlier, with an 18th-century frontage.
Parsonage Farm Outhouse
An 18th-century stables or outhouse in red brick.
References
External links
Villages in Kent
Dover District
Göltarla, Elmalı is a village in the District of Elmalı, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Elmalı District
The Ministry of Environment is the ministry is responsible for environmental affairs in the Arab Republic of Egypt. The current minister is Yasmine Fouad.
History
It was established in 1997, and has since focused ministry in cooperation with all development partners to identify environmental vision and outline of environmental policies in Egypt. The policies of the ministry are executed by the Egyptian Environmental Affairs Agency.
Projects
In 2014, the Ministry and Italy signed an agreement to make El Gouna, a Red Sea City, carbon neutral.
In 2017, the European Union and Egypt finalized plans for environmental and other projects valued at 600 million Euros.
In late 2017, the Ministry announced they had seen a reduction of 13-15% in the burning of rice by rice farmers, a practice that causes a black toxic cloud.
In 2021, the Ministry became a member of GWCN (Global Waste Cleaning Network).
See also
Cabinet of Egypt
References
External links
Egypt's Cabinet Database
1997 establishments in Egypt
Egypt, Environmental Affairs
Environmental Affairs
Egypt
Serge Bouemba (born 7 January 1967) is a Gabonese boxer. He competed in the men's featherweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
Gabonese male boxers
Olympic boxers of Gabon
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
People from Zawiya District
Featherweight boxers
21st-century Gabonese people
Honourable Chief Justice Muhammad Haleem (Urdu: ), LL.D. (HC), HI (1 January 1925 – 11 August 2006) was a Pakistani jurist who served as the 10th Chief Justice of Pakistan from 1981 to 1989, the longest serving Chief Justice in the history of the judicial branch in Pakistan. He was even endorsed by successive future regimes in Pakistan.
Early life
Born in Lucknow, British India, he was the son of Barrister Muhammad Wasim, the first Advocate General of Pakistan, and the pre-independence Advocate General of Uttar Pradesh.
Chief Justice of Pakistan
He was the chief justice of Pakistan from 25 March 1981 to 31 December 1989. As Chief Justice of Pakistan, he wrote the famous judgment in Benazir Bhutto's court case which made the holding of 1988 Pakistani general election possible. On 15 September 2006, paying tribute to Justice Haleem, Chief Justice of Pakistan in 2006, Iftikhar Muhammad Chaudhry observed that Justice Haleem, without fear and favor, had helped Pakistan, with his judgment, get back on rails of parliamentary democracy in 1988.
Education
BSc, LL.B degrees, Lucknow University (1946), and LL.D (Honoris Causa) degree – Karachi University (1990).
Awards
He was awarded Hilal-i-Imtiaz in 1996 by the Government of Pakistan.
Positions held
Pleader
Assistant Advocate General (1963)
Judge, High Court of West Pakistan (1969)
Judge, Supreme Court of Pakistan (1977)
Chief Justice of Pakistan (1981–1989)
Chairman, Pakistan Law Commission
Chairman, Indus Water Commission
Chairman, Supreme Judicial Council
acted as President of Pakistan on several occasions during 1981–1984
Publications
Work papers on:
The Proper Role of the International Court of Justice in the Law of the World Eleventh Conference of the World Peace through Law, Cairo, Egypt, September 1983
The Challenge of Social Justice: The Third International Conference of Appellate Judges, New Delhi, India, 5–8 March 1984
Intellectual Property Issues in Pakistan: International Property Colloquium of Judges in Asia and the Pacific, held under the auspices of the World Intellectual Property Organization at Sydney (Australia), 8–12 October 1984
The Advisory Jurisdiction of the International Court of Justice: Twelfth Conference of The World Peace Through Law Center, West Berlin, Federal Republic of Germany, 21–26 July 1985
The Development of Deep Sea Resources: Twelfth Conference of the World Peace Through Law Center, West Berlin, Federal Republic of Germany, 21–26 July 1985
Management of Supreme Court: Lawasia Conference of the Chief Justices on Management of Courts, Penang, Malaysia, 19–22 August 1985
Public Interest Litigation – Is it an Unruly Horse? Ninth Lawasia Conference, New Delhi, India, 7–12 October 1985
Law, Justice and Society: Fifth Pakistan Jurists Conference, Karachi, 28–30 March 1986
The Judiciary and the Intellectual Property System: Regional Forum of Judges organized jointly by the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) and the Judges of the Supreme Court of Pakistan in Association with the Law Association for Asia and the Western Pacific (LAWASIA) and with the assistance of the United Nations Development Program (UNDP), Islamabad, 5 to 9 October 1986
Court as the Guardian of the Constitution: Fourth International Conference of Appellate Judges, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, 20–24 April 1987
Protecting and Expanding the Jurisdiction of the International Court of Justice: Thirteenth Biennial World Conference, Seoul, Republic of Korea, 6–11 September 1987
Transnational Terrorism: Thirteenth Biennial World Conference, Seoul, Republic of Korea, 6–11 September 1987
Address Delivered at the Second Conference of the Chief Justices of the LAWASIA region - South East Asian and the Western Pacific Countries, Islamabad, 18–22 October 1987
The Domestic Application of International Human Rights Norms: Judicial Colloquium held under the auspices of the Commonwealth Secretariat, London, at Bangalore, India, 24–26 February 1988
Permanent Sovereignty and International Responsibility: International Symposium on Legal Aspects of New International Economic Order, held at Islamabad, Pakistan, 14 March 1989
See also
Chief Justices of Pakistan
Supreme Court of Pakistan
List of Pakistanis
References
1925 births
2006 deaths
Scholars from Lucknow
University of Lucknow alumni
20th-century Indian lawyers
Muhajir people
People from Karachi
University of Karachi alumni
Pakistan Navy officers
Pakistani lawyers
Chief justices of Pakistan
Recipients of Hilal-i-Imtiaz
Pakistani judges
Pakistani scholars
The 1955 Southern Area League was the second season of the regional third tier of speedway racing in the United Kingdom for Southern British teams. The season started with the same five teams that finished the previous season.
Rye House Roosters were the champions. Vic Hall of Brafield topped the averages.
Ringwood Turfs withdrew mid-season.
Final table
Withdrawal (Record expunged) : Ringwood Turfs
Leading Averages
See also
List of United Kingdom Speedway League Champions
Knockout Cup (speedway)
References
Southern Area League
1955 in speedway
Johnny Quinn (born November 6, 1983) is an American bobsledder and former gridiron football player. He is a member of the U.S. National Bobsled Team and competed in the 2014 Winter Olympics. Quinn is a former wide receiver for the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League (CFL). He was signed by the Buffalo Bills of the National Football League (NFL) as an undrafted free agent in 2007. He was also a member of the NFL's Green Bay Packers in 2008. Quinn was a two-sport athlete at the University of North Texas, where he lettered in football and track and graduated with a degree in criminal justice. Quinn is the founder and president of The Athlete Watch, LLC, a web-based platform for student-athletes to market their skills to colleges and universities around the nation.
High school
Quinn attended McKinney High School in McKinney, Texas and was a student and a standout in football and track. In football, as a senior, he led the state of Texas in receptions (80), finished second in receiving touchdowns (15), and third in receiving yards (1,106). He was a Class 5A first-team All-District selection, a Class 5A second-team All-Metroplex selection, and was a Class 5A first-team All-State selection. In track, he was a three-year letterman and regional qualifier in the triple jump and 200 meter dash.
Quinn played in the Oil Bowl (Texas vs. Oklahoma) and scored a touchdown. Texas won 28–7. Quinn also played in the Coca-Cola All-Star (DFW) and scored the game-tying touchdown. East tied the West 14–14.
Quinn graduated from McKinney High School in 2002.
College career
Quinn had one Division-I football scholarship offer coming out of high school to the University of North Texas. At North Texas, Quinn was part of three football Sun Belt Conference championships (2002, 2003, 2004), played in three bowl games (2002, 2003, 2004), was a two-year team captain (2005, 2006) and finished as the school's all-time leading receiver in receptions (187) and receiving yards (2,718). Quinn walked on to the track and field team and anchored the 4x100 relay to the third-fastest time in school history (39.92) and a trip to the NCAA Regional Track & Field Championship in Austin, Texas. He was a three time first-team All Sun Belt Conference wide receiver (2004, 2005, 2006) and a first-team All Sun Belt Conference punt returner (2004). Quinn was nominated to the pre-season Bilentnikoff Watch List (2006) and finished third in the country for consecutive games with a reception (47). He was invited to play in the 2007 North-South Classic All-Star game in Houston, Texas.
Quinn set numerous weight room marks at North Texas. He benches pressed 450 pounds, inclined pressed 405 pounds and power cleaned 380 pounds. He also set the fastest 40-yard dash for a wide receiver at 4.42 seconds. Quinn's track & field personal bests in the 100 meter dash and 200 meter dash were 10.62 seconds and 21.80 seconds, respectively.
Quinn graduated from the University of North Texas in 2006 with a degree in Criminal Justice.
In 2011, Johnny Quinn was inducted into the North Texas Hall of Fame as a first ballot candidate.
In 2013, Johnny Quinn was selected as one of two receivers to the UNT All-Century Team.
Professional career
Saskatchewan Roughriders
Quinn was signed by the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League on January 12, 2009.
Quinn was released from Roughriders on May 27, 2010 after sustaining an ACL injury.
U.S. National Bobsled Team
In 2010, Quinn was signed to the USA national bobsled team after his training video made its way to the team. Quinn had sent a film showcasing his speed and acceleration from the Michael Johnson Performance Center to Olympic bobsled athlete Chuck Berkeley, who passed it along to driver Cory Butner. Quinn's first time in a bobsled was at team trials in Lake Placid, NY during the 2010–2011 season, where the team finished third. He has competed in the America's Cup and World Championship sliding events.
In 2014, Quinn was named to the US Olympic bobsled team for the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia.
The Athlete Watch
Quinn is the Founder and President of The Athlete Watch, LLC. The Athlete Watch (TAW) is a web-based platform for "student athletes" to market their skills to colleges and universities around the nation. The Athlete Watch has locations in Texas, Wisconsin, Kentucky, The United Kingdom, and is rapidly expanding. [NEEDS VERIFICATION]
References
External links
1983 births
Living people
American players of Canadian football
American football wide receivers
Canadian football wide receivers
Buffalo Bills players
Green Bay Packers players
North Texas Mean Green football players
Saskatchewan Roughriders players
Olympic bobsledders of the United States
American male bobsledders
College men's track and field athletes in the United States
Sportspeople from Harrisburg, Pennsylvania
People from McKinney, Texas
Players of American football from Texas
Bobsledders at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Players of American football from Harrisburg, Pennsylvania
American Ninja Warrior contestants
The Hurricane Mills Rural Historic District, in Hurricane Mills, Tennessee is a historic district which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999. The listing included five contributing buildings, four contributing structures, and two contributing sites.
It is also known as Hurricane Forge and as the Loretta Lynn Ranch.
It includes:
Hurricane Mill, built in stages from 1897 to c.1910
Hurricane Creek Dam, in current concrete-faced form since about 1912, renovated to improve upon previous stone dam. The original wood and stone dam on the site was built c.1839.
Hurricane Mills Bridge, a historic steel truss bridge built by the Nashville Bridge Company in 1911. It is long with a 100-foot long
pin-connected Pratt through truss.
Hurricane Mills Bridge, concrete, non-contributing
a school
Hillman-Anderson House, an I-house with porches and extensions built in stages during c.1876-c.1916
Hurricane Mills General Merchandise Store & Post Office (1926)
The district was deemed notable as "a superb example of a small, crossroads community where agricultural, industrial, and commercial businesses thrived between the late-nineteenth and early-twentieth centuries. Since the late 1960s, this historic community has been the home of the legendary country music entertainer Loretta Lynn and her family. Loretta Lynn currently owns the entire historic district, with the exception of the public cemetery. The unincorporated Hurricane Mills community, including most of the resources in this historic district, has been used as a background set in numerous entertainment productions, including country music videos, television commercials and specials, and country music album covers. Hurricane Mills was also featured prominently in the Oscar-winning movie Coal Miner's Daughter (1980). Hurricane Mills has been a popular site for outdoor recreation for the local community since its establishment; however, this property, which is now known as the "Loretta Lynn Ranch & Family Campground," has become one of the most popular tourist destinations in Tennessee."
References
Grinding mills in Tennessee
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Tennessee
National Register of Historic Places in Humphreys County, Tennessee
Neoclassical architecture in Tennessee
"Diva" is a song recorded by Argentine singer Lali. The song was released by Sony Music Argentina on January 27, 2022, as the second single from Lali's upcoming fifth studio album. The song was written by Lali, Martín D'Agosto, Dano, and Mauro De Tommaso, and produced by the latter two. It was the second release from Lali's 2022 singles trilogy following "Disciplina" and preceding "Como Tú".
Composition and lyrics
"Diva" is a downtempo song that fuses pop, neo soul and R&B. Its lyrics find Lali ironically boasting about her often-acknowledged status of diva, a celebrated woman of outstanding talent in the world of popular music. Since the beginning of her career, the media has granted Lali the titles of "Pop Diva", "Queen of Argentine Pop", or "Current Queen of Latin Pop", among others. The lyrics feature multiple references to iconic elements in pop culture that are often associated to a diva's lifestyle such as Louis Vuitton's red bottom shoes, Chanel's bags, private jets, egyptian cotton. It also includes references and self-comparisons to pop icons Marilyn Monroe, Cher and Britney Spears. Musically, the song resembles a late-nineties and early-two-thousands style having a break or interlude featuring claps, cheering voices, percussions and sound effects. It has been compared to Britney Spears' song "(You Drive Me) Crazy". The song also features numerous winks at Lali's own song "Laligera" (2019), in which she discusses her rise to fame while remaining humble.
Music video
The accompanying music video for "Diva" was directed by Renderpanic and produced by The Movement. With a minimalistic aesthetic, Lali first appears getting out of a strongbox to perform a jazz-R&B choreohraphy to the beat of the song while being looked by mysterious people in all black. As the video progresses, Lali gets covered in gold until she is fully covered, resembling a golden statue. According to the singer:
In the song, Lali sings "I dance like Britney; I dress like Cher". This is mirrored in the music video as Lali wears a golden dress similar to a well-known Bob Mackie dress that Cher wore back in 1978.
Charts
References
2022 singles
2022 songs
Lali Espósito songs
Latin pop songs
Neo soul songs
Pop songs
Rhythm and blues songs
Sony Music Latin singles
Songs written by Lali Espósito
Spanish-language songs
Valstiečių laikraštis () is a Lithuanian-language newspaper targeting farmers. It mainly publishes articles related to agricultural policies, best farming practices and methods, and other issues of Lithuanian farmers. Established in 1940, it was an official publication of the Communist Party of Lithuania. In 1951–1989, it was published three times a week. Prior to 1951 and after 1989, it is published twice a week on Wednesdays and Saturdays.
History
The first issue was published on 27 August 1940 in Kaunas by the newly established Lithuanian SSR. It replaced three pre-war newspapers – Lietuvos ūkininkas (The Lithuanian Farmer), a liberal weekly newspaper first published in 1905, (Farmer's Advisor) published by the Lithuanian government, and pro-Catholic (Our Newspaper). Valstiečių laikraštis was not published between June 1941 and October 1944 due to the German occupation of Lithuania during World War II. It was reestablished in Vilnius on 27 October 1944 as a newspaper of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Lithuania. Its editors included (1945–1950), Petras Griškevičius (1950–1951), (1953–1988), and Vladas Butėnas (1988–1992). In 1987, its circulation was 395,000 copies. At the time, it was one of the eleven newspapers published in Lithuania and intended for the entire country.
After Lithuania regained independence in 1990, the newspaper was briefly published by the Ministry of Agriculture before its privatization in 1992. In 1995, the controlling stake (82%) was owned by the newspaper's journalists. Its circulation was 108,000 copies in 1997. According to Michael MacQueen, the newspaper "won notoriety for publishing antisemitic articles" during the trial of the Lithuanian Holocaust perpetrator Aleksandras Lileikis. The newspaper also published Lileikis' memoir, Pažadinto Laiko Pėdsakais (In the footsteps of times past) in 2000. In 2007, the newspaper was acquired by ŽIA valda. It was sold in 2010 to a company that owned Balsas.lt web portal. The new owners had connections with the Labour Party and reportedly attempted to force the journalists to become independent contractors or accept cash pay without declaring it to tax authorities. In 2013, its circulation was 15,000 copies on Wednesdays and 32,000 copies on Saturdays. In July 2015, the newspaper was taken over by UAB Kaimo žinios.
References
External links
Official website
Lithuanian-language newspapers
Newspapers published in Lithuania
Newspapers established in 1940
1940 establishments in Lithuania
Kochuveli–Yesvantpur AC SF Express, train numbers 22677/22678, is a fully air conditioned passenger train service between (Trivandrum) and stations.
Stops
Schedule
Coaches
The Kochuveli–Yesvantpur AC Express has 1 AC first class, 4 AC 2 tier, 9 AC 3 tier & 2 ends on generator coaches. In addition, it carries a pantry car coach.
Rake sharing
12213/12214 – Yeshvantapur–Delhi Sarai Rohilla AC Duronto Express
References
Transport in Bangalore
Transport in Thiruvananthapuram
Railway services introduced in 2013
AC Express (Indian Railways) trains
Rail transport in Karnataka
Rail transport in Tamil Nadu
Rail transport in Kerala
Leylekköyü, Korkuteli is a village in the District of Korkuteli, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Korkuteli District
John Field (26 July 1782 – 23 January 1837), was an Irish pianist, composer, and teacher. Field is best known as the inventor of the nocturne.
He was born in Dublin into a musical family, and received his early education there, in particular with the Italian composer Tommaso Giordani. The Fields soon moved to London, where Field studied under Muzio Clementi. Under his tutelage, Field quickly became a famous and sought-after concert pianist. Together, master and pupil visited Paris, Vienna, and St. Petersburg. Ambiguity surrounds Field's decision to remain in the former Russian capital, but it is likely that Field acted as a sales representative for the Clementi Pianos.
Field was very highly regarded by his contemporaries and his playing and compositions influenced many major composers, including Frédéric Chopin, Johannes Brahms, Robert Schumann, and Franz Liszt. Although little is known of Field in Russia, he undoubtedly contributed substantially to concerts and teaching, and to the development of the Russian piano school.
Notable students include Prussian pianist and composer Charles Mayer, the Franco-Russian composer Alexandre Dubuque, and Polish pianist and composer Antoine de Kontski.
Biography
1782–1801: Early life
Field was born 26 July 1782 in Golden Lane, Dublin, the eldest son of Irish parents who were members of the Church of Ireland. He was baptised 30 September. His father, Robert Field, earned his living by playing the violin in Dublin theatres. Field first studied the piano under his grandfather (also named John Field), who was a professional organist, and later under Tommaso Giordani. He made his debut at the age of nine, a performance that was well-received, on 24 March 1792 in Dublin. According to an early biographer, W. H. Grattan Flood, Field started composing in Ireland, but no evidence exists to support his claim. Flood also asserted that Field's family moved to Bath, Somerset, in 1793 and lived there for a short time, and this too is considered unlikely by modern researchers. By late 1793, though, the Fields had settled in London, where the young pianist started studying with Muzio Clementi. This arrangement was made possible by Field's father, who was perhaps able to secure the apprenticeship through Giordani, who knew Clementi.
Field continued giving public performances and soon became famous in London, attracting favourable comments from the press and the local musicians. Around 1795 his performance of a Dussek piano concerto was praised by Haydn. Field continued his studies with Clementi, also helping the Italian with the making and selling of instruments. He also took up violin playing, which he studied under J. P. Solomon. His first published compositions were issued by Clementi in 1795; the first historically important work, the Piano Concerto No. 1, H 27, was premiered by the composer in London on 7 February 1799, when he was aged 16. Field's first official opus was a set of three piano sonatas published by (and dedicated to) Clementi in 1801.
1802–1829: Settling in Russia
In summer 1802 Field and Clementi left London and went to Paris on business. They soon travelled to Vienna, where Field took a brief course in counterpoint under Johann Georg Albrechtsberger and had a meeting with Beethoven, for whom Field played in October, and Beethoven highly praised him. In early winter he arrived in Saint Petersburg. Field was inclined to stay, impressed by the artistic life of the city. Clementi left in June 1803, but not before securing Field a teaching post in Narva and "appointing" the young man as his deputy, so that Field would receive similarly high fees. After Clementi's departure, Field had a busy concert season, eventually performing at the newly founded Saint Petersburg Philharmonic Society. In 1805 Field embarked on a concert tour of the Baltic states, staying in Saint Petersburg during the summer. The following year he gave his first concert in Moscow. Clementi arranged the publication of some of Field's old works in Russia in late 1806; he evidently sold Field a piano in exchange for music. Field returned to Moscow in April 1807 and apparently did not revisit Saint Petersburg until 1811 (but he kept his apartment at Vasilievsky Island). In 1810 he married Adelaide Percheron, a French pianist and former pupil.
Up to 1808 almost all publications of Field's music were reissues of old works. In 1808–9 he finally began publishing newly composed music, starting with piano variations on Russian folksongs: Air russe varié for piano 4 hands, H 10, and Kamarinskaya for piano, H 22. In 1811 the composer returned to Saint Petersburg. He spent the next decade of his life here, more productive than ever before, publishing numerous new pieces and producing corrected editions of old ones. He was successful in establishing a fruitful collaboration with both H. J. Dalmas, the most prominent Russian publisher of the time, and Breitkopf & Härtel, one of the most important music publishing houses of Europe. In 1815 Field fathered an illegitimate son, Leon Charpentier (later ), but remained with his wife. They had a son, Adrien, in 1819; Leon would later become a famous tenor, active in Russia, while Adrien followed his father's steps and became a pianist. By 1819 Field was sufficiently wealthy to be able to refuse the position of court pianist that was offered to him. His lifestyle and social behaviour were becoming more and more extravagant.
In 1818 Field revisited Moscow on business, prompted by his collaboration with the publisher Wenzel. He and his wife gave a series of concerts in the city in 1821, the last of which marked their last appearance in public together. Adelaide left Field soon afterward (taking Adrien with her) and attempted a solo career, which was not particularly successful. Field stayed in Moscow and continued performing and publishing his music. In 1822 he met Johann Nepomuk Hummel; the two collaborated on a performance of Hummel's Sonata for Piano 4-Hands, Op. 92.
1830–1837: Last years and death
Partly as a result of his extravagant lifestyle, Field's health began deteriorating by the mid-1820s. From about 1823 his concert appearances started decreasing; by the late 1820s he was suffering from rectal cancer. Field left for London to seek medical attention. He arrived in September 1831 and, after an operation, gave concerts there and in Manchester. He stayed in England for some time, meeting distinguished figures such as Mendelssohn and Moscheles. In March 1832 his former teacher and friend Clementi died, and Field served as pallbearer at his funeral. On Christmas Day 1832 Field was in Paris, performing his 7th Piano Concerto, which received a mixed reaction, just as at his recent concerts in England. After a series of concerts in various European cities, Field spent nine months (1834–5) in a Naples hospital. His Russian patrons rescued him. He briefly stayed with Carl Czerny in Vienna, where he gave three recitals, and then returned to Moscow with his son Adrien. He gave his last concert in March 1836 and died in Moscow almost a year later, on 23 January 1837, from pneumonia. He was buried in the Vvedenskoye Cemetery. According to an eyewitness report, when asked on his deathbed what his religion was, Field replied with a characteristic pun: "I am not a Calvinist, but a Claveciniste (French for harpsichordist)."
Music
Field became well-known for his post-London style, probably developed in Moscow around 1807. The characteristic texture is that of a chromatically decorated melody over sonorous left hand parts supported by sensitive pedalling. Field also had an affinity for ostinato patterns and pedal points, rather unusual for the prevailing styles of the day. Entirely representative of these traits are Field's 18 nocturnes and associated pieces such as Andante inedit, H 64. These works were some of the most influential music of the early Romantic period: they do not adhere to a strict formal scheme (such as the sonata form), and they create a mood without text or programme. These pieces were admired by Frédéric Chopin, who subsequently made the piano nocturne famous, and Franz Liszt, who published an edition of the nocturnes based on rare Russian sources that incorporated late revisions by Field. Liszt's preface to the said edition was an extensive eulogy for Field and his nocturnes.
Field also gave a few lessons to the young Mikhail Glinka, who was to become the first notable Russian composer.
Similarly influential were Field's early piano concertos, which occupy a central place in the development of the genre in the 19th century. Already the earliest of these works show competent and imaginative orchestration, and bold, original piano writing. One interesting trait of his piano concertos is their limited choice of keys: they all use either E-flat major or C major at some point (or both, in the last concerto's case). Composers such as Hummel, Kalkbrenner and Moscheles were influenced by these works, which are particularly notable for their central movements, frequently nocturne-like. Some of the less known works were also historically important: particularly the piano fantasies, in which Field pioneered the Romantic large scale episodic structure.
None of his piano sonatas, and only two of his 7 piano concertos, have a formal slow movement. In performance, Field would interpolate an existing nocturne in a related key or improvise one.
List of works
This list is arranged according to Hopkinson numbers, introduced in the 1961 catalogue by Cecil Hopkinson. Many of these works were arranged for other instruments and (or) revised by the composer himself; such arrangements and revised versions are not listed.
Ephemera
In the Dublin suburb of Walkinstown there is a road called Field Avenue, one of a number of so called 'musical roads' named after prominent Irish musicians.
He is mentioned in passing in War and Peace when Countess Rostova calls on the Rostov household musician to play her favourite nocturne.
Also, in Tolstoy's 'Childhood' Field is said to have taught the narrator's mother to play.
'Mamma was playing Field's second concerto. Field had been her master.' Everyman Library, trans. C.J. Hogarth.
See also
Nocturnes (Field)
Notes
References
Bibliography
Patrick Piggott, The Life and Music of John Field, 1782–1837, Creator of the Nocturne (London: Faber and Faber, 1973).
Majella Boland, John Field in Context: a Reappraisal of the Nocturne and Piano Concerti (PhD Dissertation, University College Dublin, 2013)
Julian Horton, "John Field and the Alternative History of Concerto First-Movement Form", in Music and Letters vol. 92 (2011) no. 1.
External links
1782 births
1837 deaths
19th-century classical composers
19th-century classical pianists
19th-century Irish people
19th-century male musicians
Burials at Vvedenskoye Cemetery
Deaths from pneumonia in Russia
Classical-period composers
Composers for piano
Irish classical composers
Irish classical pianists
Irish expatriates in Russia
Irish male classical composers
Male classical pianists
Musicians from Dublin (city)
Pupils of Muzio Clementi
Romantic composers
Feralpisalò is an Italian association football club located in Salò, Lombardy, and representing also the nearby town of Lonato del Garda, Lombardy.
The club currently play in Serie C, the third tier of Italian football.
History
The club was founded in summer 2009, from the merger between two clubs, both of Serie D:
A.C. Salò of Salò, founded in 1985, as A.C. Salò Benaco and so renamed since 2001,
A.C. Feralpi Lonato of Lonato del Garda, founded in 1980, as A.C. Lonato and so renamed since 1985.
On 12 August 2009 the club was admitted to Lega Pro Seconda Divisione in place of not admitted Pistoiese.
In the season 2010–11 from Lega Pro Seconda Divisione group A, the club gained promotion to Lega Pro Prima Divisione via the playoffs, for the first time ever.
Colours and badge
Its colours are blue and green: representing Salò and Feralpi Lonato.
Current squad
Former managers
Mauro Bertoni (2019)
References
External links
Official homepage
Football clubs in Italy
Association football clubs established in 2009
Football clubs in Lombardy
Serie C clubs
2009 establishments in Italy
Idiognathodus is an extinct conodont genus in the family Idiognathodontidae.
Use in stratigraphy
The species Idiognathodus simulator made its first appearance during the Gzhelian, the youngest age of the Pennsylvanian (late Carboniferous).
Two species (Idiognathodus toretzianus and Idiognathodus sagittatus) are amongst the three conodonts forming the biozones of the Kasimovian, the third stage in the Pennsylvanian.
One species (Idiognathodus sinuosus) is an index fossil of a biozone of the Bashkirian, the oldest age of the Pennsylvanian, amongst six biozones based on conodonts.
See also
List of Global Boundary Stratotype Sections and Points
References
External links
Idiognathodus at fossilworks.org (retrieved 14 May 2016)
Ozarkodinida genera
Pennsylvanian conodonts
Bashkirian life
Gzhelian life
Kasimovian life
Pennsylvanian first appearances
Pennsylvanian extinctions
Fossil taxa described in 1931
Alicio Ignacio Solalinde Miers (born February 1, 1952) is a Paraguayan former footballer who played as a forward and works as a coach.
Career
Born in Villeta, Solalinde began playing football for local side Olimpia de Villeta. He also played for Club Libertad and Club River Plate, but enjoyed his greatest success with Club Olimpia where he became a key player by winning several national and international titles such as the Copa Libertadores and Intercontinental Cup in 1979. Solalinde also played for the Paraguay national football team from 1975 to 1981, where he obtained 32 caps and 4 goals. His most important achievement while playing for Paraguay is winning the 1979 Copa América.
After retiring from professional football, Solalinde became a coach and has managed a large number of Paraguayan teams such as Olimpia, Club 12 de Octubre, Club 2 de Mayo, Club Atletico 3 de Febrero and Sportivo Luqueño. He managed Paraguayan Primera División side Independiente F.B.C. in 2012.
References
1952 births
Living people
Paraguayan footballers
Association football fullbacks
Paraguay international footballers
Paraguayan football managers
Paraguay national football team managers
1975 Copa América players
1979 Copa América players
1993 Copa América managers
Club Olimpia footballers
Club Libertad footballers
Copa América-winning players
Club Olimpia managers
Deportes Puerto Montt managers
Expatriate football managers in Chile
Samurai Shodown IV: Amakusa's Revenge is the fourth in SNK's flagship Samurai Shodown series of fighting games. Chronologically, it is the second and final chapter of a story between Samurai Shodown and Samurai Shodown II, with Samurai Shodown III being the first chapter. Samurai Shodown! on the Neo Geo Pocket is a monochrome adaptation of this game, and it was followed by Samurai Shodown! 2 on the Neo Geo Pocket Color, which is a 2D adaptation of Samurai Shodown 64: Warriors Rage.
Gameplay
Among other series changes, aerial blocking was removed entirely. One can also no longer charge one's own "pow" gauge. The off-screen delivery man was omitted entirely from the game. The "CD combo" was added, wherein a player can press the C and D buttons together, triggering a strike that can be followed up by a sequence of button taps.
SNK also added a "suicide" move, wherein one's character forfeits the round. The bonus to this is that the one committing suicide will start the next round with a full "POW" gauge. Certain finishes also enable a "fatality" move in the vein of Mortal Kombat.
Characters
Some of the older characters were restored, such as Charlotte, Tam Tam and Jubei Yagyu. The entire cast of the previous game also returns, though some have been retouched to further enhance the cartoonish look.
Joining the cast are the two ninja brothers:
Kazuki Kazama - member of the Kazama ninja clan specializing in fire jutsu, he deserts to rescue his younger sister, Hazuki, from Amakusa's clutches.
Sogetsu Kazama - older brother to Kazuki and Hazuki who uses water jutsu; unlike Kazuki, he stays with the clan and is ordered to assassinate his brother for leaving.
Cham Cham from Samurai Shodown II also makes a playable appearance, exclusively for the PlayStation port of the game known in Japan as Samurai Spirits: Amakusa's Descent Special.
Reception
In Japan, Game Machine listed Samurai Shodown IV on their December 1, 1996 issue as being the most-popular arcade game at the time. According to Famitsu, the AES version sold over 9,253 copies in its first week on the market.
Reviewing the arcade version in GamePro, The Union Buster commented that Samurai Shodown IV lacks the depth of contemporaries such as Street Fighter Alpha 2 and Soul Edge, but for the same reason offers an easier pick-up-and-play experience. He was unimpressed with the two new characters but pleased with the return of those which had been dropped from the roster in Samurai Shodown III. He particularly praised the visuals, remarking that "The fighters have superb animation; several fighting stages are outright beautiful; and the special moves look awesome."
The four reviewers of Electronic Gaming Monthly gave the Neo Geo home version a unanimous score of 8 out of 10, praising the high number of characters and the size of the character sprites.
In a review of the Virtual Console release, Nintendo Life also gave the game an 8 out of 10, but their praise focused more on the animations, heavy challenge, and the thrilling pacing of battles, commenting, "a single slash [is] capable of turning the tide against any opponent."
Notes
See also
shiro-tokisada-amakusa is catholics-rebel during japan-shogun-period
References
External links
Samurai Shodown IV at GameFAQs
Samurai Shodown IV at Giant Bomb
Samurai Shodown IV at Killer List of Videogames
Samurai Shodown IV at MobyGames
1996 video games
ACA Neo Geo games
Arcade video games
D4 Enterprise games
Fighting games
2D fighting games
Interquel video games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Neo Geo games
Neo Geo CD games
Nintendo Switch games
PlayStation (console) games
PlayStation Network games
Samurai Shodown video games
Sega Saturn games
SNK games
SNK Playmore games
Video game sequels
Video games about samurai
Virtual Console games
Video games developed in Japan
Johnny Castle may refer to
Johnny Castle, bass guitar in band, The Nighthawks
Johnny Castle, lead character in film, Dirty Dancing
is a Japanese actor and tarento represented by K Factory.
Sato graduated from Nihon University Sakuragaoka High School and Nihon University College of Art, where he was classmates with Kunihiro Suda. Sato is married and has three children.
Filmography
TV series
Films
Radio
Dubbing
References
External links
Japanese male film actors
Japanese male television actors
1980 births
Living people
People from Meguro
20th-century Japanese male actors
21st-century Japanese male actors
The 4th Tank Battalion "M.O. Passalacqua" () is an inactive tank battalion of the Italian Army based in Solbiate Olona in Lombardy. Originally the battalion, like all Italian tank units, was part of the infantry, but since 1 June 1999 it is part of the cavalry. Operationally the battalion was last assigned to the Mechanized Brigade "Legnano".
History
The battalion was formed during the 1975 army reform: on 30 September 1975 the 3rd Bersaglieri Regiment was disbanded and the next day its IV Tank Battalion became the 4th Tank Battalion "M.O. Passalacqua". As the war flag and traditions of the 3rd Bersaglieri Regiment had been assigned to the 18th Bersaglieri Battalion "Poggio Scanno" the 4th Passalacqua was granted a new war flag on 12 November 1976 by decree 846 of the President of the Italian Republic Giovanni Leone. The battalion received the traditions of the IV Tank Battalion "M", which had been formed by the 32nd Tank Infantry Regiment in spring 1940 and fought as unit of the 31st Tank Infantry Regiment in the Greco-Italian war. In 1942 the IV Tank Battalion was ceded to the 133rd Tank Infantry Regiment, with which it served in the Western Desert Campaign until regiment and battalion were destroyed in the Second Battle of El Alamein. The battalion was officially declared lost on 20 November 1942.
After World War II the IV Tank Battalion was reformed in 1951 as unit of the 31st Tank Regiment, which transferred the battalion on 1 July 1963 to the 3rd Bersaglieri Regiment.
Tank and armored battalions created during the 1975 army reform were all named for officers, soldiers and partisans, who were posthumously awarded Italy's highest military honor the Gold Medal of Military Valour for heroism during World War II. The 4th Tank Battalion's name commemorated 32nd Tank Infantry Regiment Lieutenant Ugo Passalacqua, who had served in the IV Tank Battalion "M" and died on 10 February 1941 of wounds received in battle on 27 January 1941 during the Greco-Italian war. Equipped with Leopard 1A2 main battle tanks the 4th Tank Battalion joined the 3rd Mechanized Brigade "Goito".
After the end of the Cold War the Italian Army began to draw down its forces and when the Goito brigade was disbanded on 1 June 1991 the 4th Tank Battalion and 18th Bersaglieri Battalion joined the Mechanized Brigade "Legnano". On 27 August 1992 the 4th Tank Battalion "M.O. Passalacqua" merged with the 67th Mechanized Infantry Battalion "Montelungo" to form the 67th Armored Infantry Regiment "Legnano". As the new unit continued the traditions of the 67th Infantry Regiment "Legnano" the flag of the 4th Tank Battalion were transferred to the Shrine of the Flags in the Vittoriano in Rome.
See also
Mechanized Brigade "Legnano"
References
Tank Battalions of Italy
Russell E. Travers is an American national security official who served as the deputy director of the National Counterterrorism Center (NCTC). Travers first took the role on November 13, 2017, and later became acting director. He resumed his duties as deputy on December 28, 2018, following Joseph Maguire's swearing in as NCTC director. Travers again became acting director on August 16, 2019, after Maguire became Acting Director of National Intelligence. He was dismissed on March 18, 2020.
Education
Travers earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Government and Economics from the College of William & Mary. He earned a Master in Business Administration and a Juris Doctor from the George Washington University School of Business and George Washington University Law School. He has received numerous awards, including the Meritorious Executive Presidential Rank Award.
Career
He has also served as deputy director for policy support at the Defense Intelligence Agency; the defense intelligence officer for General Purpose Forces; the senior civilian advisor to the Director for Intelligence, J2, Joint Chiefs of Staff, and the defense intelligence liaison to British Intelligence in London. He began his career as an intelligence officer in the United States Army in 1978.
He has served in a number of other leadership positions within NCTC, including senior counselor to the director, acting director of the Office of Data Strategy and Innovation, and the chief data officer for both NCTC and ODNI.
Between 2013 and 2015, Travers served as the special assistant to the president and senior director for transnational threat integration and information sharing on the United States National Security Council. He focused on government-wide improvements in border security and information sharing and applying lessons learned from U.S. government counterterrorism efforts to other transnational threats. Prior to this assignment, he served as the National Intelligence Council's senior executive for transnational organized crime from 2011 to 2013, where he organized intelligence community analytic support to the National Strategy to Combat Transnational Organized Crime.
Travers served on the leadership team that stood up the Terrorist Threat Integration Center and the NCTC. From 2003 to 2010, he was a deputy director for information sharing and knowledge development, during which time he focused on post-9/11 improvements. Travers oversaw the development of the Terrorist Identities Datamart Environment, NCTC's database of known and suspected terrorists, as well as improvements in watchlisting, information sharing, and advanced analytic techniques.
In October 2020, Travers signed a letter stating the Biden laptop story “has the classic earmarks of a Russian information operation
References
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
College of William & Mary alumni
George Washington University Law School alumni
Trump administration personnel
Biden administration personnel
Nikolay Akimovich Laveretsky (Russian: Николай Акимович Лаверецкий; 13 February 1837, Moscow - 23 October 1907, Saint Petersburg) was a Russian sculptor and art professor.
Biography
His father, was also a sculptor; and his younger brother, , would become one as well. He initially attended the drawing school at the Imperial Society for the Encouragement of the Arts then, from 1851, studied at the Imperial Academy of Arts with Nikolai Pimenov.
During his time there, he received several awards; a large silver medal for his bas-relief of Achilles with the corpse of Hector (1857), a small gold medal for a bas-relief of Cincinnatus being named Dictator (1859) and, finally, the large gold medal for a bas-relief of Regulus returning to Carthage (1860). This was accompanied by a stipend to study abroad, and the title of "Artist First-Class".
He remained in Italy for many years. His sculpture of a boy and girl feeding a bird, sent from Rome in 1868, earned him the title of "Academician". An assortment of small sculptures sent in 1870 resulted in his being named a Professor. He returned to Russia that same year, and began teaching at the Academy. He taught there until 1894, when a new charter was enacted and he was dismissed, "at his own request".
Together with , Matvey Chizhov, and , he took part in a major sculptural project known as the "Памятник Тысячелетию России" (Millennium of Russia), erected in Novgorod according to designs created by Mikhail Mikeshin. The monument contains a total of 128 figures. Laveretsky and his team worked on the eastern frieze, with 26 figures, representing "Государственные люди" (statesmen).
His best known work is the cast-iron statue, "", which was created in 1896 at the Kasli foundry. In 1900, it was displayed in the Kasli pavilion at the Exposition Universelle in Paris. The pavilion was such a success that French President Émile Loubet offered to buy it for the equivalent of two million rubles. The offer was accepted, but Laveretsky's statue was excluded, as it was a symbol of "Mother Russia". The sale was never finalized, however, and the pavilion was dismantled. In 1957, the statue and parts of the pavilion were recreated from old drawings and models, and placed in an art gallery that has since become part of the Yekaterinburg Museum of Fine Arts.
He died in 1907, and is interred at the Smolensky Cemetery in Saint Petersburg.
References
External links
1837 births
1907 deaths
Russian sculptors
Imperial Academy of Arts alumni
Artists from Moscow
Kenney Nunatak () is a conspicuous nunatak rising in Waddington Glacier, south-southwest of Ugolini Peak, in the Royal Society Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica. It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names in 1994 after Frank J. Kenney, a United States Geological Survey (USGS) cartographer who was a member of a USGS field team for the International Global Positioning System (GPS) Campaign at Byrd Station, McMurdo Station, and in the Pine Island Bay area, 1991–92. The team established the first continuous-tracking GPS reference station in Antarctica.
References
Nunataks of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
GCap Media was a British commercial radio company formed from the merger of the Capital Radio Group and GWR Group. The merger was completed in May 2005. It was listed on the London Stock Exchange and was a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index. On 31 March 2008 the company agreed a takeover by Global Radio for £375 million. This was completed on 6 June 2008, and the company became a wholly owned subsidiary of Global Radio.
On 1 November 2008, Global Radio discontinued using the name GCap Media.
Pre-merger
Capital Radio Group
Capital Radio Group was, until May 2005, a London-based British radio group. The company was originally set up to operate a General Entertainment Independent Local Radio service in October 1973. Capital Radio was the second legal commercial radio station to launch in the UK, a few days after London news station LBC. In the 1980s the station was allowed to operate separate services on AM and FM.
Changes to media ownership laws meant that Capital Radio Group was able to acquire other stations throughout the UK, becoming a powerful player in the UK's commercial radio industry; before the merger with GWR. In 1993, Capital bought BRMB, and in 1994 the Southern Radio Group which owned Southern FM, Invicta FM and Power FM. Fox FM in Oxfordshire and Red Dragon FM in Wales were also purchased in the 90s. Capital also acquired the Century FM stations in 2000 as well as Border Television to acquire its radio stations (subsequently selling the station to Granada plc a year later). All in all, Capital Radio Group controlled 22 analogue and 59 digital radio licences. In July 1998 Capital Radio Group bought the financially troubled "alternative" radio station, Xfm.
In the early 21st century, Capital Radio Group expanded its range of FM stations, and also started broadcasting digital-only stations such as Capital Disney and Capital Life.
GWR Group
GWR Group was a British radio company with major assets including the nationwide station Classic FM and an extensive network of independent local radio stations in the UK. The letters "GWR" were chosen because its launch coincided with the reopening of the Great Western Railway in Bristol in 1985.
Between 1996 and 1999 GWR was a major shareholder in London News Radio, which owned and operated London's LBC and News Direct radio stations. These stations were sold to Chrysalis Radio in 2002.
GWR was owned by Daily Mail and General Trust plc (majority share), various asset management firms, Sir Peter Michael and other small shareholders. Until the merger, the group was chaired by Ralph Bernard and its head office was in Passage Street, Bristol.
During its existence, GWR acquired the Marcher Radio Group, Mid Anglia Radio Group, Chiltern Radio Group and East Anglian Radio Group to name but a few.
Key Dates
1981: Wiltshire Radio is founded.
1982: Wiltshire Radio begins broadcasting.
1985: Wiltshire Radio merges with Radio West to form GWR.
1987: GWR Group goes public.
1988: GWR joins Classic FM partnership.
1992: Classic FM begins broadcasting.
1996: GWR acquires full control of Classic FM.
1998: GWR wins Digital One license.
1999: Digital One begins broadcasting; launches Internet radio broadcasts.
2000: GWR acquires DMG Radio.
Programming
GWR attempted to revolutionise local radio with its policy of branding its stations with similar phrases, initially "today's better music mix", later "today's best mix" and "the best mix of the 80s, 90s and today." This allowed it to syndicate a number of programmes across its network of radio stations. It had four main syndicated programmes: a weekday mid-morning programme which started in 2008 hosted by Phillippa Collins (this show was only carried on a few stations, when taken over by Global radio the show was rolled out to all stations), a weeknightly music and showbiz based programme (formerly called 'Core Control' and then 'Music Control') (weekdays 7 pm to 10 pm) presented by Kam and Sally, Kam was replaced by Kevin Hughes, 'Late Night Love' (Sunday to Thursday 10pm to 1am) presented by Graham Torrington (later the show was replaced by 'the wind down' presented by Cat James) and Music On Demand (1am till Breakfast, 7 days a week) presented by Tony Wright (Now Celador Radio), then James Clayton and latterly Dan Wood (now Gem) and at weekends Andy Henly. On Friday and Saturday evenings the network splits, with most stations taking Non-Stop Party (Friday 10pm to 1am) and Party Anthems (Saturday 7pm to 10pm) while the other stations take School Daze (Friday 10 pm to 1 am) and Hairbrush Divas (Saturday 7 pm to 10 pm). All stations then take a Non-Stop Party show (Saturday 10 pm to 1 am).
GCap – The merged company
The two groups officially "tied the knot" on 26 May 2005, with GCap employees being given branded 'GCap' digital radios to commemorate the launch. For the first five months the group was run by Ralph Bernard (ex-GWR) as Executive chairman, and David Mansfield (ex-Capital Radio Group) as CEO. David Mansfield stepped down on the afternoon of 19 September 2005 with Ralph Bernard taking over both roles. Within weeks of the merger rumours had abounded about disagreements between Bernard and Mansfield about the future direction of the company and this was compounded by a £184m loss in the market capitalisation of the two combined entities by the time merger was sealed. Many market commentators felt that the savings brought about by cost cutting and elimination of duplicated departments across the company were far outweighed by large drops in audience and advertising revenue across the newly formed group. Over the following months, amid rumours of a GWR putsch and continuing dissatisfaction from the City, a stream of executives from the former Capital Radio Group side of the business left the company, including David Mansfield himself.
Restructure and the 'failed sale'
In October 2005 GCap Media announced around 100 job losses and the sale of nine non-core radio stations as part of a restructuring initiative. By this time, over £300m had been wiped off the market capitalisation of GCap Media and the group was frequently touted as a take over target by City commentators. The nine stations, which included the Marcher Group stations in North Wales and Orchard FM in the West Country, came with a price tag of £75m.
Eventually, after bids as low as £25m were placed and interest waned, GCap Media called off the sale.
Classic Gold acquisition
In April 2007 GCap Media announced that it was acquiring 18 AM and DAB 'Classic Gold' radio stations from Unique Broadcasting Company Media Group. Many of these licences had formerly been operated by GWR Group before being sold to Unique. It was announced that the stations would be merged with existing Capital Gold AM licences to form a new station Gold, which launched on 3 August 2007.
Ralph Bernard leaves
In November 2007 it was announced that Ralph Bernard was leaving as CEO of the company. This was unusual as neither he nor the company named a successor, but announced that they would start to look for one. This uncertainty caused a massive drop in the share price of the company and it never recovered from that, leaving the new CEO with a difficult task to rebuild share value for the shareholders.
Withdrawal from DAB and disposal of "non-core" stations
In late December 2007 Fru Hazlitt was appointed CEO. Under pressure from a £313m share offer to the board from Global Radio (made possible by the low value of the shares), Hazlitt laid out her plans for the company's recovery to financial health on 11 February 2008. Cost-cutting lay at the heart of Hazlitt's statement, including divesting GCap of its costly involvement in DAB – directly turning her back on the 'digital future' policy of her predecessor. It was announced that GCap had sold its interest in Digital One to Arqiva and that "non-core" DAB stations Planet Rock and theJazz would be closing by the end of March 2008. theJazz ceased broadcasting as announced, but Planet Rock remained on air while negotiations took place with potential buyers, which were successfully concluded in June 2008. In addition, the non-London XFM stations would also be closed if they could not be sold, as the stations were forecast to make a combined loss of £800,000 in 2008. An improved offer from Global was finally accepted by GCap shareholders, resulting in the departure of the group's senior management. Fru Hazlitt resigned in May 2008.
Takeover by Global Radio
The Office of Fair Trading conducted an investigation into the takeover of GCap by Global and cleared it in August 2008, on the condition that BRMB, Beacon Radio, Mercia FM, Wyvern FM and Heart East Midlands were sold to satisfy competition concerns.
On 23 September 2008, it was announced that Fun Radio had been sold to Folder Media, leaving Chill as GCap's only digital station.
Stations owned
National radio stations
Classic FM
XFM stations
Xfm London
Xfm Manchester
Xfm Scotland – previously Beat 106
The One Network
This was a network of local radio stations in various towns and cities around the UK. It comprised the local stations previously part of GWR's Mix Network and Capital Radio Groups local stations.
2CR FM
2-Ten FM
Beacon Radio
Beat 106
BRMB FM
Radio Broadland
Buzz 97.1
95.8 Capital FM (London)
Champion 103
96.9 Chiltern FM
97.6 Chiltern FM
Coast 96.3
Essex FM
Fox FM
Gemini FM
GWR FM Bath
GWR FM Bristol
GWR FM Wiltshire
Hereward FM
Horizon Radio
Invicta FM
Lantern FM
Leicester Sound (Leicester)
Marcher Sound
Mercia FM
Mercury FM (Crawley)
Northants 96
Ocean FM
Orchard FM
Plymouth Sound FM
Power FM
Q103
RAM FM (Derby)
Red Dragon FM (Cardiff)
Severn Sound
SGR Colchester
SGR Ipswich
South Hams Radio
Southern FM
Ten 17 (Harlow, Essex)
Trent FM (Nottingham)
Wyvern FM
AM local radio stations
Gold – quasi-national network, broadcasting in the following areas:
Birmingham (AM & DAB), Black Country (AM & DAB), Bournemouth (AM & DAB), Bristol & Bath (AM & DAB), Cambridge (DAB), Cardiff & Newport (AM & DAB), Coventry (AM & DAB), Derby (AM), Essex (AM & DAB), Exeter & Torbay (DAB), Gloucester & Cheltenham (AM), Greater London (AM & DAB), Humberside (DAB), Kent (AM & DAB), Lancashire (DAB), Leeds (DAB), Luton & Bedford (AM), Manchester (AM & DAB), Norfolk & North Suffolk (AM & DAB), Northamptonshire (AM), Nottingham (AM & DAB), Peterborough (AM & DAB), Plymouth (AM & DAB), Reading (AM & DAB), Reigate & Crawley (AM), Shropshire (AM), South Hampshire (AM & DAB), South Yorkshire (DAB), Suffolk (AM), Sussex (AM & DAB), Swindon & Wiltshire (AM), Teesside (DAB), Tyne & Wear (DAB), Wrexham & Chester (AM).
Digital-only stations
Chill – National Digital Station also on Sky and Virgin Media.
Internet television stations
Classic FM TV
Former stations
KMFM Medway – sold to the KM Group in 2002
KMFM West Kent – sold to the KM Group in 2002
The Storm – closed 20 January 2006
Capital Disney – closed 29 June 2007
Core – closed 11 January 2008
Capital Life – closed 31 March 2008
theJazz
Xfm South Wales – Sold to Town and Country Broadcasting on 31 May 2008
Planet Rock
Fun Radio (with HIT Entertainment)
See also
The One Network
References
External links
Global Radio corporate home page
Save Planet Rock – Listeners Campaign Website
Global Radio
Daily Mail and General Trust
Radio broadcasting companies of the United Kingdom
Mass media companies based in London
Companies formerly listed on the London Stock Exchange
2008 disestablishments in England
Companies established in 2005
is a Japanese professional footballer who plays as a defender for Kamatamare Sanuki.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Japanese footballers
Association football defenders
Nara Club players
Kamatamare Sanuki players
J3 League players
Silja Maria Wendrup Schandorff (born 1969) is a Danish ballerina who performed with the Royal Danish Ballet from 1985 to 2009. She has since served the Royal Theatre as ballet instructor and deputy ballet master.
Biography
Born on 10 February 1969 in Dragør, Silja Schandorff is the daughter of Axel Carl Schandorff, a Cyclist with Olympic bronze medal and goldsmith, and Runa Clara Wendrup Petersen, a ballet dancer in Tivoli's Pantomime Theatre. Thanks to the encouragement of her parents, she entered the Royal Theatre's ballet school in 1975. When only nine, she performed a solo children's dance in Elverhøj. After her début in Ib Andersen's 1-2-3–1-2 in 1975, she quickly moved on to the Neoclassical works of George Balanchine, starring in Tschaikovsky Piano Concerto No. 2, Tzigane, La sonnambula, Tschaikovsky Pas de Deux, Allegro Brillante, Agon and Apollo.
As a result of her dancing in the theatre's Balanchine season, she became a principal in 1992. While she has taken roles in La Sylphide, Abdallah and A Folk Tale, she has not been a typical Bournonville dancer, given her tall, slender figure and her artistic temperament. Instead she has moved from the Royal Ballet's romantic traditions to 20th-century modernism. She combined the two approaches in her interpretation of Harald Lander's Études, setting new standards for the work. Her favourite parts evolved as the title roles in Manon and Giselle.
The choreographer Anna Lærkesen was particularly interested in Schandorff, creating adaptations specially for her. These included Partita, Polacca, Hommage à Bournonville and Hommage à Balanchine. After retiring from the stage on 8 April 2009, she remained with the Royal Theatre until 2016, serving as artistic coordinator and instructor (2009-11) and deputy ballet master (2011-16). She has since directed a new production of Giselle.
Awards
Schandorff's awards include the Reumert prize as dancer of the year in 2002 and 2006, the Danish Theatre Cup in 2009 (for her role in Giselle) and the Bikuben prize of honour in 2009. In 2016, she was honoured as a Knight of the Dannebrog.
References
1969 births
Living people
Danish ballerinas
People from Copenhagen
People from Dragør Municipality
Royal Danish Ballet dancers
Knights of the Order of the Dannebrog
Wendy Sue Fox (née Barclay) is a British virologist. She is currently Head of Department of Infectious Disease and Chair in Influenza Virology at Imperial College London. She leads a team of scientists studying the influenza virus and its physiology and morphology to discover novel vaccines. In particular, they are trying to understand more about influenza virus mutations, and how they can allow scientists to create new vaccines against possible flu pandemics.
Education
Barclay graduated with a Bachelor of Arts (BA) degree in Natural Sciences from the University of Cambridge. For a postgraduate study, she conducted medical research at the Common Cold Unit in Salisbury, supervised by David Tyrrell and Fred Brown, for which she was awarded a Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) from the University of Reading in 1988: her doctoral thesis was titled "The humoral immune response to rhinovirus infection". At Reading, she was involved in human challenge studies with rhinovirus, to study the virus and its interaction with the human body.
Research and career
After her PhD, Barclay held two postdoctoral research positions. One was with Professor Jeff Almond at the University of Reading, and the other was at Mount Sinai Medical Center in New York with Peter Palese. While at Reading, she learned many molecular virology skills that would help her to form the basis of her research career. At Mount Sinai, she was the first person to modify techniques for recovering recombinant influenza virus from cloned cDNA for the study of type B influenza virus.
At the start of her research career, Barclay worked with both rhinoviruses and various types of small RNA viruses. Barclay has worked mainly with the three types of virus: Influenza A virus, Influenzavirus B, and Influenzavirus C. All three belong to the family Orthomyxoviridae. Viruses that belong to this family are single stranded (-) RNA viruses that replicate within the nucleus of the host's cells. Influenza types A and B are routinely spread from human to human, and they are responsible for seasonal flu epidemics each year. Influenza type C virus causes mild respiratory infections and are not known to cause epidemics, unlike the other two. Barclay has worked intensively with Influenza A and Influenza B viruses for at least a decade. She has published many articles detailing the importance of understanding how influenza viruses interact with their hosts, understanding their genomic makeup, and understanding how different strains of the two viruses interact with host cells differently. She has also described some of the mechanisms of flu resistance to drugs.
In addition, she has written articles describing the importance of understanding how some viruses can cross species barriers to prevent another epidemic. In February 2015, CNN posted an article on its webpage that included statements made by Barclay. In it she told of her concerns about another possible flu pandemic, and how, if it ever did happen, it would spread fast and hard.
Barclay has been working on understanding and discovering more information about the relationship between pathogenesis and the influenza virus since her publication in 2006. She is trying to learn more about host range restrictions for the influenza virus, and its transmission between humans and animals as well as transmission between animal species. Barclay is also interested in studying influenza virus mutations, which allow scientists to create new vaccines against possible influenza pandemics. She is particularly keen on understanding the resistance mechanisms of antiviral compounds, and characterisation of novel cell substrates and attenuated virus backbones for influenza vaccines.
In January 2019, Wendy Barclay led an IdeasLab session at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland that focused on Developing a Vaccine Revolution, in which she spoke about race to stop the next flu pandemic at source by preventing it from crossing from wild birds into chickens. Here pivotal work with the Roslin Institute focuses on blocking this transmission using novel molecular techniques.
Barclay was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2022 New Year Honours for services to virology.
Notable work
One of Barclay's most notable work involved looking at cells infected with the influenza A virus and identifying physiological RIG-I agonists. This article was published in Cell in 2010, and has been cited over 270 times. Research gathered for the article explained how one of the human cell's defences against RNA viruses comes in the form of RIG-Is. When a cell is infected with a RNA virus, RIG-I activation triggers an antiviral immune response. However, it was not fully known what part of the virus infection triggers RIG-I activation. Results of this study found that RIG-I activation is caused by the process of viral replication and correspond to full-length virus genomes, or single-stranded RNA viral genomes bearing 5′-triphosphates.
In 2016 she gave the Peter Wildy Prize Lecture in Virology on the subject of Influenza.
Memberships and editorial boards
Committee member, Joint Committee on Vaccination and Immunization (Influenza Sub-group), Joint Committee on Vaccination and Immunization, Department of Health (DoH), 2008
Committee member, Wellcome Trust basic Science Interview Committee
Invited Member of panel, The peer review panel for animal work on influenza, Conference on Decision and Control (CDC) 2013, 2013 – 2013
committee member, Scientific Programme Committee for Options for Control of Influenza, Options for Control of Influenza Conference, Cape Town, 2013
Chair of the Virus Division, The Society For Microbiology, 2013
Member, New and Emerging Respiratory Virus Threats Advisory Group
Barclay has served on several editorial boards including:
PLOS Pathogens, guest editor
The Journal of General Virology, member of the editorial board
Virology, member of the editorial board
Media appearances
World Economic Forum, Davos, Switzerland 2018: IdeasLab session on Developing a Vaccine Revolution
BBC Future (Online) 2018 : Why the Flu of 1918 was so deadly
Human Swarm (TV movie documentary), 2013; appeared as herself
Horizon (UK TV series), 2013; appeared as herself
Interviewed by Jim Al-Khalili on The Life Scientific on BBC Radio 4, first broadcast in 2018.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Academics of Imperial College London
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
British virologists
British women scientists
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Influenza researchers
Women virologists
WVOK-FM (97.9 FM, "97.9 WVOK") is a radio station broadcasting a hot adult contemporary music format. Licensed to Oxford, Alabama, it serves the Anniston-Oxford Metropolitan Area. It is owned and operated by Woodard Broadcasting Company, Inc.
Early history
In 1977, WVOK-FM was launched in Birmingham, Alabama as an Album-Oriented Rock radio station called "K-99." The station broadcast from the 99.5 MHz frequency; it was originally a counterpart to WVOK-AM 690 , one of the more popular Top 40 stations of its era. WVOK-FM changed its call letters to WRKK in 1979; it kept its Rock format until 1983, when it became "K Country." Several format changes later, the station is now known in Birmingham as WZRR "Rock 99.5."
The WVOK call letters would not be heard on the FM dial again until the creation of a new radio station in Oxford, Alabama. Jimmy and Geraldine Woodard, owners of WEYY-FM in Talladega, Alabama, were granted a construction permit for the first commercial FM station licensed to Oxford. The station began broadcast in 1990 as WKFN "K98" on the 97.9 MHz frequency. In 1992, WKFN acquired the WVOK call letters; however, its "K98" nickname remained the same.
Recent history
On February 19, 1990, K98 signed on as an Adult Contemporary station, playing music from the 1950s through the 1990s. At that time, WVOK was one of very few local stations to compete against the 100,000-watt Country music station WHMA of Anniston, known by listeners as "Alabama 100." November 6, 1996 Susquehanna Radio purchased Alabama 100 and moved it to College Park, Georgia in early 2001. After the move, Alabama 100 changed its call letters to WWWQ and became a Top-40 station serving the Atlanta radio market. As a result, WVOK saw an increase in their local Arbitron ratings.
Since K98 began broadcast in 1990, it has employed a number of various disk jockeys, including Rick Burgess from the syndicated "Rick and Bubba" radio program. Its radio format, however, has seen little change. Shortly after Clear Channel station WQEN ("103-7 the Q") relocated its transmitter from Springville, Alabama to Birmingham in early 2005, WVOK briefly changed its music format to Contemporary Hit Radio. They have, however, since returned to the lighter Hot AC format.
In early 2006, WVOK-FM began using its frequency and call letters often (instead of the "K98" nickname) as its station identifier. Its slogan is "The Best of the 80's, 90's and Today".
In early 2008, a new morning talk show called The Steve and Carl Show signed on.
Other facts
WVOK-FM is recognized as one of the only radio stations in Alabama to remain on the air during the "Storm of the Century" in 1993. WVOK received honors from the city of Oxford, former Alabama Governor Guy Hunt, and others for keeping the station on the air through the duration of the storm.
WVOK-FM is one of two stations in the Anniston/Gadsden market whose call letters were previously assigned to Top 40 stations in Birmingham. The other is WKXX.
There has been much speculation about the WVOK call sign meaning over the years. Although disk jockeys from the original WVOK-AM radio station sometimes referred to it as the Voice Of Kindness, the call letters themselves actually do not stand for anything.
References
External links
WVOK-FM official website
VOK-FM
Hot adult contemporary radio stations in the United States
Oxford, Alabama
Radio stations established in 1990
1990 establishments in Alabama
The Guianan toucanet, or Guyana toucanet (Selenidera piperivora) is a species of bird in the family Ramphastidae found in the north-eastern Amazon rainforest.
Taxonomy and systematics
The Guianan toucanet was originally described as belonging to the genus Pteroglossus. Recently, some discussion was made of the naming of this species. Pacheco & Whitney (2006) suggested the correct scientific name was Selenidera piperivora, but then Walters (2007) noted that this name was pre-occupied. A paper by Piacentini et al. (2010) presented arguments for the use of Selenidera piperivora (Linnaeus 1758) as the correct name for the species and it was renamed as such by the IOC in 2010. Most other authorities have now also adopted this taxonomy.
Distribution and habitat
It is found in north-western Brazil, French Guiana, Guyana, Suriname, and Venezuela.
Its natural habitat is tropical humid lowland forests. It is 25 cm (10 in) long and weighs 110-165 grams (3.9-5.8 oz.)
Relationship to humans
The Guianan toucanet is sometimes kept in aviculture as a breeder bird or a pet.
References
Further reading
John Gould)/Henry Constantine Richter: A Monograph of the Ramphastidae, or Family of Toucans, London 1854
reprinted with 51 plates and a preface by Jonathan Elphick, Taschen, Köln 2011
Gallery
Guianan toucanet
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Guianan toucanet
Guianan toucanet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Feng Shui () is a 2012 Chinese film directed by Jing Wang.
Casts
Main casts
Yan Bingyan as Li Baoli
Tommy Shanahan as Johnny
Supporting casts
Gang Chen as Jianjian
Minglan He as Ma Xuewu's mother
Gang Jiao as Ma Xuewu
Li Xian as Xiaobao, 18 years old
Moxi Wang as Zhou Fen
Tiange Wang as Xiaobao, 8 years old
Qian Zhao as Wan Xiaojing
Awards and nominations
References
Chinese drama films
2012 films
2010s Mandarin-language films
The Damen Group shipbuilders, based in the Netherlands, has managed the manufacture of Damen Stan patrol vessel 4708 for South Africa and the United States.
The vessels, like the earlier Damen Stan patrol vessel 4207, are designed for high speed coastal patrols. They can be flexibly configured to serve in a constabulary, environmental protection, or warship role.
According to Sanjay Badri-Maharaj, of the Institute for Defence Studies and Analyses, adding more powerful engines, an autocannon, and military class sensor suite to the United States Coast Guard's s boosted its cost per vessel from $20 million USD to $65 million.
References
Patrol vessels
The Bride and the Bachelor are a 1956 comedy play by the British writer Ronald Millar.
After premiering at the Royal Lyceum Theatre in Edinburgh, it transferred to the Duchess Theatre in London's West End where it ran for 589 performances between 19 December 1956 and 24 June 1958. The cast included Cicely Courtneidge, Robertson Hare, Naunton Wayne and Viola Lyel. It then went on a tour round Britain with Henry Kendall in the male lead.
References
Bibliography
Wearing, J.P. The London Stage 1950-1959: A Calendar of Productions, Performers, and Personnel. Rowman & Littlefield, 2014.
1956 plays
Plays by Ronald Millar
West End plays
Comedy plays
Jesteburg is a municipality in the district of Harburg, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is situated approximately 25 km south of Hamburg, and 6 km east of Buchholz in der Nordheide.
Jesteburg is also the seat of the Samtgemeinde ("collective municipality") Jesteburg.
In Jesteburg lies the confluence of two small rivers, the Schmale Aue and the Seeve.
History
The first official mentioning of Jesteburg dates back to the year 1202, in a document signed by the Hartwig II, Archbishop of Bremen.
The castle which gave the town its name is supposed to have guarded the Seeve passage until the 13th century. Remains of this Burg have not yet been found.
In 1872/73, the railroad between Buchholz in der Nordheide and Lüneburg which still runs through Jesteburg was built.
During an Allied air raid on nearby Hamburg in January 1943 incendiary bombs where dropped on Jesteburg, several buildings where destroyed. On 19 April 1945, the railroad bridge was blown up by the Wehrmacht to slow the advance of British troops.
Between 1933 and 1945 the population of Jesteburg nearly doubled, mostly due to refugees.
Attractions
In 1986/87, the Heimathaus was re-erected on the Niedersachsenplatz. The Heimathaus is a 450-year-old building originally from Eyendorf.
The town of Jesteburg also hosts the Kunststätte Bossard, an expressionist Gesamtkunstwerk.
References
External links
Official website
Harburg (district)
Yakaköy, Korkuteli is a village in the District of Korkuteli, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Korkuteli District
The Lexington County Blowfish are a summer collegiate baseball team in the Coastal Plain League. The team plays its home games at the Lexington County Baseball Stadium in unincorporated Lexington County, South Carolina (with an address in the town of Lexington). The Blowfish first started competing in the CPL during the 2006 season and finished with a twenty-two win and thirty loss record in their first season. During their first year in existence, the Blowfish led the Coastal Plain League in attendance and was voted the Coastal Plain League Organization of the Year.
For the team's first three seasons the head coach was former Newberry College Coach Tim Medlin. In 2009 former major league pitcher Lee Gronkiewicz, a University of South Carolina alumnus took over the helm through 2011. In 2012 former MLB third baseman and USC Gamecock Brian Buscher was named Head Coach and led the Blowfish to their first Coastal Plain League Championship. Former Texas Rangers first-rounder Jonathan Johnson coached for five years starting in 2013. In 2017, Marshall McDonald was the top assistant under coach Johnson and in 2018 Marshall was named head coach. In 2019 Shawn Torbett as brought in as a pitching coach.
The Blowfish will begin their 15th season in 2020, with Lexington native, former minor leaguer and Clemson Tiger Matt Padgett as new head coach. Lexington County is coming off their best offensive season since 2015, and look to return to the Pettit Cup Playoffs for the first time since 2015.
The front office consists of team Co-owners Bill & Vicki Shanahan, Assistant General Manager Justin Hall, who started as an intern with the team in 2017. Director of Operations Matt Jinnette, Director of Stadium Operations Robbie Hardy, and Master of Ceremonies George Dinsmore who also joined the Blowfish in 2018.
The Blowfish replaced the Capital City Bombers when professional baseball left Columbia after the 2004 season. The Blowfish moved from Columbia to Lexington County in 2014. The team is named after popular South Carolina band Hootie and the Blowfish.
Columbia baseball history
Since 1892 Columbia has fielded teams in various minor leagues, including:
Columbia Senators-1892-South Atlantic League
Columbia Skyscrapers-1904-South Atlantic League
Columbia Gamecocks-1905-1910-South Atlantic League
Columbia Commies-1911-South Atlantic League
Columbia Comers-1912, 1914-1917, 1919-1923, 1925-1930-South Atlantic League
Columbia Sandlappers-1934-Piedmont League
Columbia Senators-1936-1937-South Atlantic League
Columbia Reds-1938-1941, 1946-1954, 1960-1961-South Atlantic League
Columbia Gems-1955-1959-South Atlantic League
Columbia Mets-1983-1992-South Atlantic League
Capital City Bombers-1993-2004-South Atlantic League
Columbia Fireflies- 2016–2020-South Atlantic League, 2021-present-Low-A East
Summer college teams:
Columbia Blowfish-2006-2014-Coastal Plain League
The Blowfish hosted the 2007 and 2018 Coastal Plain League All-Star Games.
Notable Columbia baseball alumni
Blowfish alumni
Three former Blowfish have played Major League Baseball, each of them a pitcher:
Michael Kohn
Ryan Garton
Tyler Webb
Alumni of other teams
Goose Goslin
Lloyd Waner
Ted Kluszewski
Joe Adcock
Frank Robinson
Randy Myers
Gregg Jeffries
Dave Magadan
Anthony Young
Todd Hundley
José Reyes
David Wright
Scott Kazmir
References
External links
Coastal Plain League
Coastal Plain League
2006 establishments in South Carolina
Baseball teams established in 2006
Amateur baseball teams in South Carolina
Lexington County, South Carolina
Rajendra Singh Bidhuri (born 14 May 1961) is a Member of the Rajasthan Legislative Assembly and a member of the Indian National Congress (INC).
He is currently the Member of Legislative Assembly representing Begun (Vidhan Sabha constituency). He also served as a Parliamentary secretary during 2008-12 in Rajasthan Legislative Assembly and In an unexpected move, resigned from parliamentary secretary post in 2012 to press the government to meet the Gurjar agitation demand for 5% quota in jobs and educational institutes.
References
Living people
1961 births
Members of the Rajasthan Legislative Assembly
Indian politicians
Indian National Congress politicians from Rajasthan
Dominik Straga (born June 20, 1988) is a Croatian swimmer, who specialized in freestyle and butterfly events. He represented his nation Croatia at the 2008 Summer Olympics and has claimed multiple Croatian championship titles and three national records in the long and short course freestyle (100 and 200 m), and butterfly (50, 100, and 200 m). He also won two bronze medals in the same stroke (50 and 100 m) at the 2006 European Junior Swimming Championships in Palma de Mallorca, Spain, with respective times of 24.62 and 54.51.
Straga competed for the Croatian swimming team in the men's 200 m freestyle at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. Leading up to the Games, he finished with a third-place time in 1:51.53 to eclipse a FINA B standard (1:52.53) by exactly a second at the Croatian Open Championships in Dubrovnik. Swimming on the outside in heat three, Straga overhauled a sub-1:50 barrier to smash a scintillating Croatian record time of 1:49.63 for the second spot, just a 0.59 of a second behind Papua New Guinea's Ryan Pini. Straga's fantastic record-breaking finish would not be enough to put him through to the semifinals, finishing thirty-seventh overall in the prelims.
References
External links
Profile – Croatian Olympic Committee
NBC Olympics Profile
1988 births
Living people
Croatian male swimmers
Olympic swimmers of Croatia
Swimmers at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Croatian male freestyle swimmers
Male butterfly swimmers
Sportspeople from Rijeka
The Nariin Sukhait or Ovoot Tolgoi mining complex () is located in the Gurvan tes sum (district) of Ömnögovi Province in Southern Mongolia. The site is 25 km SE from sum center and 56 km north of Shivee Khüren - Ceke crossing point on the Mongolian-Chinese border.
Three companies operate at Nariin Sukhait Mine as independent coal producers, namely, Mongolyn Alt Corporation LLC, Mongolia; and Mongolian-Chinese JV "Qinhua-MAK-Nariin Sukhait" LLC; as well as South Gobi Energy Resources Inc (a subsidiary of Ivanhoe Mines Inc), through its local subsidiary South Gobi Sands LLC.
Nariin Sukhait is reported to hold about 380 million mt of resources of high-rank, low-ash, low-sulphur metallurgical and steam coal, of which 220 million mt of resources belong to the licenses of Mongolyn Alt Corporation LLC and 160 million mt of coal is delineated under the licenses of South Gobi Energy Resources Inc.
In 2008 the mine produced and sold about 1.9 million mt of coal in total (2005 - 1.7 million mt) of which Mongolian-Chinese JV "Qinhua-MAK-Nariin Sukhait" LLC exported 1.2 million mt; Mongolyn Alt Corporation LLC marketed 0.635 million mt; and South Gobi Energy Resources Inc sold 0.113 million mt.
In accordance with the Special Permit for the construction of railway from the Nariin Sukhait mine to the Mongolian-Chinese border granted to Mongolyn Alt Corporation LLC, the construction of the 47.8-km railway from the mine to the presently existing railhead at Ceke is scheduled to start up in early 2010.
References
Coal mines in Mongolia
Surface mines in Mongolia
Wascana Review was a biannual literary magazine, established in 1966, published by the University of Regina. The magazine was published open access, beginning with vol. 42 (2007). Due to decreases in funding of the English Department at the University of Regina, it ceased publication in 2012.
The review focused on essays, articles, and poetry by contemporary authors. Its contributors included Di Brandt, Elizabeth Brewster, Sharon Butala, Lorna Crozier, Northrop Frye, Janette Turner Hospital, Linda Hutcheon, Mark Kingwell, Robert Kroetsch, Susan Musgrave, Al Purdy, Leon Rooke, Guy Vanderhaeghe, Tom Wayman, Susan McCaslin, Lance Woolaver, and George Woodcock. It contained video and sound files, as well as text.
Its former editors-in-chief have included Joan Givner; , the general editor was Kathleen Wall.
References
1966 establishments in Canada
2012 disestablishments in Canada
Biannual magazines published in Canada
Defunct literary magazines published in Canada
English-language magazines
Magazines established in 1966
Magazines disestablished in 2012
Magazines published in Saskatchewan
University of Regina
Yeşilköy is a village in the District of Finike, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Finike District
Thaddeus Phelps Mott (December 7, 1831 – November 23, 1894) was a 19th-century American adventurer, sailor and soldier of fortune. A former Union Army officer during American Civil War, he also took part in wars in Mexico, Italy, and the Ottoman Empire. He was primarily responsible for recruiting former Union and Confederate soldiers for service in the Egyptian Army, in which he held the rank of major general, and was the first officer to take service with the Khedive Isma'il Pasha as his aide-de-camp in 1870. At the time of his death, he was also the last surviving son of the eminent surgeon Valentine Mott.
Biography
Early life and military career
Mott was born in New York City, New York, the son of Dr. Valentine Mott (1785–1865) and Louisa Dunmore Munn. He was one of nine children born to the couple. Little is known of his early life except that, as a child, he "developed a spirit of adventure". He was a natural linguist and was educated at New York University where his father was emeritus professor of surgery.
At age 17, he left the country to fight in revolutionary Italy, commissioned as a second lieutenant, serving under Giuseppe Garibaldi. Suffering from ill health following his Italian service, mostly due to exposure and privation, Mott subsequently served as a shipmate on various clipper ships during the next several years. He initially signed on to the Hornet bound for California, then as a third mate on the Hurricane in 1851, a second mate on the St. Denis in 1852 and the mate of the St. Nicholas in 1854. He returned to California a year later and spent 1856–57 in the Mexican Army under General Ignacio Comonfort prior to and during the Reform War. In 1858, he married Emily Josephine Daunton and had two children with her, Marie Louise and Valentine Mott.
Return to the United States and the American Civil War
He eventually returned to the United States and enlisted in the Union Army shortly before the American Civil War where he was assigned as captain of artillery at the Chain Bridge fortification in Washington, D.C. He initially served as captain of the 3rd Independent Battery, New York Volunteer Artillery, which was active on the upper Potomac during the first year of the war. Mott and the 3rd New York Artillery saw action during the Seven Days Battles fought for five consecutive hours defeating each Confederate force put against them though sustaining heavy casualties. All the officers from the battery were promoted from the ranks. Mott resigned as battery commander to accept a commission to the 19th Infantry Regiment but briefly returned in September 1862 to lead the regiment at Lewinsville, Virginia in battle with the famed Washington Battery and forced them to retreat.
A year later, he was promoted to the rank of lieutenant colonel of cavalry, and then reassigned to the 14th Regiment New York Volunteer Cavalry. Mott was one of the organizers of the regiment which mustered in on Rikers Island as part of a volunteer brigade sponsored by the New York Metropolitan Police. He led the regiment during the New York Draft Riots later that year. On the third day of the riots, in what would be the first major engagement of the day, Mott was dispatched along with units commanded by Captain John H. Howell and General Charles C. Dodge to confront rioters reportedly gathering at Thirty-Second Street and Eighth Avenue. With orders to confront and disperse the mob, Mott led a troop of cavalry and a battery of howitzers supporting General Dodge and the 8th New York Volunteer Infantry Regiment. Upon reaching Eighth Avenue, the soldiers discovered three African-Americans hanging to lamp posts "while a gang of ferocious women crowded about the dangling bodies, slashing them with knives as a mob of men estimated at more than five thousand yelled and cheered". The crowd fell back as the soldiers advanced and Mott charged forward on his horse to cut one of the men down from the lamp post. As he was doing so, a rioter attempted to drag Mott off his horse and Mott was forced to kill him with his cavalry sabre.
Almost immediately after returning to his command, Mott and his men were assaulted by bricks and stones hurled by the rioters, followed by "a brisk fire from muskets and pistols". The mob charged down the street. Believing they intended to capture the regiment's guns, Mott ordered Captain Howell to bring two howitzers into position in Seventh Avenue and prepare to sweep Thirty-Second Street with artillery fire. Mott led his men against the rioters; the cavalry and infantry units charged with sabre and bayonet and managed to drive the mob back to Eighth Avenue. The rioters returned, however, when the soldiers withdrew to protect the artillerymen at which time Howell shouted to the rioters to surrender. The crowd's jeers and taunts prompted Howell to give the order to fire. The howitzers, loaded with grape and canister shot, ripped through the tightly packed mob and inflicted heavy casualties. The crowd withstood six rounds before scattering and moving northward. The soldiers were broken up into small groups to clear the side streets and cut down the men hanging from the lamp posts before returning to their headquarters on Mulberry Street. A half-an-hour after the soldiers left, the rioters returned to carry away their dead and wounded, and "again strung up the Negros". The bodies would remain there until an NYPD squad under Captain Samuel Brower could safely remove them from the site. Afterwards, Mott was transferred to the Department of the Gulf where he was chief of outposts before finally resigning his commission in 1864.
Service to the Ottoman Empire
Mott remained in the United States for several years after the war. While in New York, he was a member of both the Freemasons' Holland Lodge No. 8 and Jerusalem Chapter No. 8, R.A.M. In 1867, he was nominated to replace General Lawrence as U.S. Minister to Costa Rica but declined the offer. A year later, he travelled to Turkey to join the Ottoman Army and then on to Cairo where he was appointed a major general or "ferik-pacha". That same year, he was named Grand Officer of the Imperial Order of the Madjidieh by Sultan Abdülaziz I. He also became a member of the "Conseal de Guerre" and saw plenty of service in the Balkans during the next few years.
In early-1869, Mott was contacted by the then Egyptian Khedive Isma'il Pasha to enlist his help in recruiting American officers to reorganize Egypt's military forces. Being subordinate to the Ottoman Empire, and thus without official diplomatic representation, Isma'il was not able to request assistance directly from the U.S. Government and instead had to rely on independent agents. Mott was an ideal candidate given his mercenary background and family connections to the Ottomans. His father, Valentine Mott, had been personal physician to Sultan Mehemet II and one of his sisters was married to the Ottoman ambassador to the United States, Blacque Bey. Generals Charles Pomeroy Stone, Henry H. Sibley and William W. Loring, all recommended by General William T. Sherman, accompanied Mott to Egypt later that year. Many of the men recruited by Mott had fought on one side or the other during the Civil War, were graduates from West Point and Annapolis Naval Academy and helped rebuild both the Egyptian army and navy. Mott and others also commanded troops in exploration missions not only to improve the overall Egyptian military establishment but also to increase knowledge of Egypt's geography.
In 1870, Mott was made the first aide-de-camp to the Isma'il Pasha. Two years later, he also became a Grand Officer of the Imperial Order of the Osmanieh. He remained in Egyptian service until his contract expired four years later. Declining to renew it, Mott instead turned over command to Charles Stone and returned to Turkey to take part in the wars between Serbia, the Russian and Ottoman Empires. He later distinguished himself during the Battle of Shipka Pass.
Retirement and later years
In September 1876, he visited Paris to consult a French physician regarding a chronic ailment. He was forced to retire from military service for health reasons three years later. Prior to his retirement, he was awarded the war medal of the "Croissant Rouge" of which, at the time, had been awarded to only 18 men including the Sultan himself. He settled in Toulon to work as an American consular agent and continued to live there with his family for over ten years until his death on November 23, 1894. He was the last surviving son of the Mott family. Mott's military career in Egypt, as well as those of other American officers, was featured in Real Soldiers of Fortune (1906) by Richard Harding Davis.
References
Further reading
Articles
Carolin, Guy. "Son of Dr. Mott of Gramercy Park recruited officer group for Khedive". Gramercy Graphic. (February 1959): 8+
Carolin, Guy. "Son of Dr. Mott of Gramercy Park recruited officer group for Khedive". Gramercy Graphic. (March 1959): 8, 15+
Books
Bernstein, Iver. The New York City Draft Riots: Their Significance for American Society and Politics in the Age of the Civil War. New York: Oxford University Press, 1991.
Cook, Adrian. The Armies of the Streets: The New York City Draft Riots of 1863. Lexington: University Press of Kentucky, 1974.
Crabitès, Pierre. Ismail, the Maligned Khedive. London: George Routledge and Sons, 1933.
Crabitès, Pierre. Americans in the Egyptian Army. London: George Routledge and Sons, 1938.
Dunn, John P. Khedive Ismail's Army. New York: Routledge, 2005.
Hesseltine, William Best and Hazel Catherine Wolf. The Blue and the Gray on the Nile. Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 1961.
Wright, L.C. United States policy toward Egypt, 1830–1914. New York: Exposition Press, 1969.
External links
"The American Naval Mission In Egypt" by Frederick J. Cox at The Journal of Modern History
1831 births
1894 deaths
American expatriates in the Ottoman Empire
American mercenaries
Revolutions of 1848 in the Italian states
Union Army officers
People of New York (state) in the American Civil War
Pashas
Military personnel from New York City
People from Toulon
American people in the khedivial Egyptian Army
New York University alumni
The 2007 Prince Edward Island Scotties Tournament of Hearts was held Jan. 18–22 in at the Western Community Curling Club in Alberton, Prince Edward Island. The winning team was Team Suzanne Gaudet who represented Prince Edward Island, finished with a 6-5 round-robin record and a 4th-place finish in the page playoff at the 2007 Scotties Tournament of Hearts in Lethbridge, Alberta.
Teams
Draw 1
January 18, 2:00 PM AT
Draw 2
January 18, 8:00 PM AT
Draw 3
January 19, 2:00 PM AT
A Side Final
January 19, 7:00 PM AT
Draw 4
January 19, 7:00 PM AT
Draw 5
January 20, 2:00 PM AT
B Side Final
January 20, 7:00 PM AT
Draw 6
January 20, 7:00 PM AT
Draw 7
January 21, 2:00 PM AT
C Side Final
January 21, 7:00 PM AT
Final
January 22, 2:00 PM AT Not Needed
Team Gaudet won A, B and C finals therefore a championship final was not needed.
References
Prince Edward Island Scotties Tournament Of Hearts, 2007
2007 in Canadian curling
Curling in Prince Edward Island
Georg Elias Müller (20 July 185023 December 1934) was a significant early German experimental psychologist who is credited with the theory of retroactive interference.
Biography
Early life
Georg Elias Müller was born in Grimma, Saxony on 20 July 1850 to August Friedrich Müller and Rosalie Zehme Müller. His father was a theologian and professor of religion at a nearby royal academy. His family was deeply involved in a revivalist orthodoxy (Neuluthertum) that he eventually broke away from. As a child he attended the Gymnasium at Leipzig.
Professional biography
At 18 he attended Leipzig University where he studied history and philosophy, while there he was inducted into Herbartian Philosophy. He was always seen as studious and had an interest in Mysticism that he fulfilled by reading Goethe, Byron, and Shelley. Müller had difficulty deciding between history or philosophy, in order to make his decision he took two years off from Leipzig. During those two years, starting in 1870 he entered the German army as a volunteer, and took part in the Franco-Prussian War. He decided on philosophy which led him to the study of psychology.
He started out with more of a focus in the humanities and studied philosophy and history. Though Müller does not share much of the same views as Hermann Lotze he credits him with his push towards psychology, research and critical thinking. Gustav Theodor Fechner, his first teacher at Leipzig University also introduced him to psychophysics and another teacher, Moritz Wilhelm Drobisch sent him to the University of Göttingen to study with Lotze and to facilitate his career. Lotze first exposed Müller to scientific psychology.
He completed his doctorate in 1873 under the supervision of Lotze at Göttingen. In April 1881 he succeeded Lotze's position at Göttingen as privatdozent and established one of the first few experimental psychology laboratories in the world. He remained privatdozent for 40 years. Müller was primarily an experimental psychologist, often working in the laboratory and performing rigorous experimental investigations. He was particularly prominent in reaction time research, as well as psychophysics and color theory. He is credited with a portion of the interference theory, retroactive interference, a theory that is still prominent in modern times. While at Göttingen he also lectured on these topics: Psychophysical Method, Memory, and The Phenomena of Violition. Müller also invented the memory drum; a device used for verbal learning research.
Müller's dissertation was on the mechanistic theories of attention. It was not a supported theory but it allowed him to become a faculty member at Göttingen. Once a faculty member of Göttingen, he published Die Grundlegung der Psychophysik ("The Founding of Psychophysics") which helped modify parts of Fechner's work. Also during his early time as faculty at Göttingen he argued for falsification standards for experiments that offered a clear alternative theory. Later on in his career, in what Müller described as the golden years of the Göttingen laboratory, he produced the standard summary on psychophysics (Komplextheorie or sometimes constellation theory). The summary helped Edward Bradford Titchener in his career. The summary was a mechanistic theory of ideation based on Johann Friedrich Herbart's doctrines. In 1903 the Deutsche Gesellschaft für experimentelle Psychologie (German Society of Experimental Psychology) was created and Müller was the head of the society until 1927.
Works in psychology
Color phenomena
Müller retired in 1922, afterwards he began studying color phenomena. During his study of color phenomena he advanced Ewald Hering's theory of color and elaborated on the two stage theory. The first stage involved the retinal receptors and then the signals were transformed into the four opponent primary colors. In 1930 he wrote two summary books that helped define color theory.
Memory
Müller's studies were most prominent in memory. He studied indistinct and distinct images effect on memory. He theorized that thinking of indistinct images made memorization and learning more effective. He agreed with the Würzburg school on indistinct images but felt to be better understood, a study of distinct images was needed. Müller did memory research with Gottfried Rückle, a doctorate of mathematics student at Göttingen, who was described as a memory prodigy. His research with Rückle was on his extraordinary memory through the presentation of experimental results on the role of grouping in learning.
Müller and his student Alfons Pilzecker are credited with the term "consolidirung" (consolidation). This term means that learning doesn't automatically create permanent, consolidated memories, they take time to be permanently learned or consolidated. To test consolidation Müller used nonsense syllables, introduced by Hermann Ebbinghaus, to see how many trials it was needed to learn the nonsense syllables and fully reproduce them. Müller and Pilzecker quantified the amount of learning by measuring the percentage correct. Some of the participants in their experiment said that occasionally the nonsense syllables would come to mind between training sessions even when they were trying to suppress it, they called this perseveration.
Retroactive interference
Müller formulated and tested the theory of retroactive interference. Retroactive Interference is when learning new material leads to forgetting of previously learned material. Müller and his student Pilzecker studied this by presenting participants with a list of syllables for 6 minutes and then presented three landscape paintings and the participants were asked to describe them. Then the participants were tested on how much they remembered from the list. The control list was presented with no distractions from the landscape paintings and ability to remember what was on the control list was higher than the list followed by the painting description. This supported retroactive interference, the information from the paintings made it more difficult to remember the syllables from the first list.
Works
Zur Theorie der sinnlichen Aufmerksamkeit ("On the theory of sensory awareness," 1873)
Zur Grundlegung der Psychophysik ("On foundations for psychophysics," 1878)
Zur Theorie der Muskelcontraction ("On the theory of muscle contractions," 1891)
Zur Analyse der Unterschiedsempfindlichkeit, with L. G. Martin ("On the analysis of difference perception," 1899)
Experimentelle Beiträge zur Lehre vom Gedächtnis, with Pilzecker ("Experimental contributions to the science of memory," 1900)
References
Further reading
Attribution
External links
http://www.chss.montclair.edu/psychology/haupt/shaper2a.html
1850 births
1934 deaths
German psychologists
19th-century psychologists
20th-century psychologists
People from Grimma
University of Göttingen alumni
University of Göttingen faculty
Leipzig University alumni
Humboldt University of Berlin alumni
Prorogation in the United Kingdom () is an act in the United Kingdom constitutional law that is usually used to mark the end of a parliamentary session. Part of the royal prerogative, it is the name given to the period between the end of a session of the UK Parliament and the State Opening of Parliament that begins the next session. The average length of prorogation since 2000 (i.e. calendar days between the date of a new session and prorogation of the previous Session) is approximately 18 days. The parliamentary session may also be prorogued before Parliament is dissolved. The power to prorogue Parliament belongs to the Monarch, on the advice of the Privy Council. Like all prerogative powers, it is not left to the personal discretion of the monarch but is to be exercised, on the advice of the Prime Minister, according to law.
Procedure and recall
By current practice, Parliament is prorogued by commissioners acting in the Sovereign's name. Parliament is always prorogued to a definite day. Parliament, while prorogued, can be recalled by proclamation in accordance with the Meeting of Parliament Act 1797 and the Civil Contingencies Act 2004. The parliamentary procedure for prorogation begins in the House of Lords, and is followed by a procedure in the House of Commons.
Notable prorogations
Prorogation is normally a standard procedure in the calendar of Parliament, but the prerogative has sometimes been used for controversial political objectives.
After Petition of Right (1628)
King Charles I prorogued the Parliament of England in 1628, after the Petition of Right; this development preceded the era of Charles' Personal Rule.
Exclusion Crisis (1678)
King Charles II prorogued the Cavalier Parliament in December 1678 to prevent it continuing with the impeachment of the Earl of Danby. He dissolved Parliament that January and called a new Parliament, the Habeas Corpus Parliament, but prorogued it on 27 May 1679 to prevent it passing the Exclusion Bill (to exclude James II, then Duke of York from succeeding to the Crown of England). The next Parliament was summoned in July 1679, but did not meet until October 1680. Charles prorogued this on 10 January 1681 to prevent proceedings to impeach certain judges, dissolving it on 18 January and calling a new Parliament to meet at Oxford. This Oxford Parliament only met from 21 to 28 March 1681, when it too was dismissed by the king.
This and the actions of Charles I were one of the reasons for the Bill of Rights 1689, where article 1 stated that:
The Great Reform crisis (1831)
When the House of Commons defeated the First Reform Bill in 1831, the government urged the King to dissolve Parliament, which would lead to a new general election. William IV was initially reluctant, but he was irritated by the Opposition, which announced it would move the passage of an Address or resolution against dissolution. Regarding the Opposition's motion as an attack on his prerogative, and at the urgent request of the government, the King prepared to go in person to the House of Lords and prorogue Parliament.
Lord Wharncliffe had given notice of a resolution which was an Address to the monarch against a dissolution.
The next day, 22 April 1831, the Prime Minister went to see the King in order to prevent these stratagems to frustrate the Reform being successful. They decided that, in order to prevent Wharncliffe's motion being carried, the monarch should prorogue the Houses in person, because were Commissioners sent to prorogue the Houses, it was the privilege of Parliament to keep them waiting until they had voted on any motion. However, if the monarch came in person, he could interrupt the debate and prorogue Parliament, so that Lord Wharncliffe's motion could not be passed. When initially told that his horses could not be ready at such short notice, the King is supposed to have said, "Then I will go in a hackney cab!".
At 2 p.m. that day the House of Lords assembled. Soon, over the uproar, cannons could be heard indicating the imminent arrival of the King. Crowds cheered the King's coach all the way from St. James's Palace. Hansard records there was a shout of "God save the King". At that moment, large doors were thrown open and the King, wearing his crown, entered the House of Lords. The members of the House of Commons, no less angry than the Lords, came into the chamber at the behest of Black Rod. The King then announced "My lords and gentlemen, I have come to meet you for the purpose of proroguing this Parliament". Wharncliffe's motion was actually under discussion in the House of Lords when the King arrived to prorogue Parliament. Probably, both houses would have joined advancing Wharncliffe's motion had time been allowed them, and thus placed obstacles in the way. But by appealing to the people, ministers at once deprived their opponents of the vantage ground of parliamentary opposition.
Clement Attlee's Lords reform (1948)
After the Second World War, the Labour government of Clement Attlee decided to amend the Parliament Act 1911 to reduce further the power of the Lords, as a result of their fears that their radical programme of nationalisation would be delayed by the Lords and hence would not be completed within the life of the parliament. The House of Lords did not interfere with nationalisations in 1945 or 1946, but it was feared that the proposed nationalisation of the iron and steel industry would be a bridge too far, so a bill was introduced in 1947 to reduce the time that the Lords could delay bills, from three sessions over two years to two sessions over one year. The Lords attempted to block this change. The Bill was reintroduced in 1948 and again in 1949, before the 1911 Act was finally used to force it through. Since the 1911 Act required a delay over three "sessions", a special short "session" of parliament was introduced in 1948, with a King's Speech on 14 September 1948, and prorogation on 25 October 1948.
Cash-for-questions affair (1997)
In 1997, John Major, the then prime minister, and leader of the Conservative and Unionist Party, controversially prorogued parliament at a time that avoided parliamentary debate of the Parliamentary Commissioner's report on the cash-for-questions affair. On that occasion, the prorogation was on Friday, 21 March, and was followed by a general election on 1 May, resulting in a change of government to Labour led by Tony Blair.
Annulled prorogation attempt (2019)
On 28 August 2019, Boris Johnson declared he had asked Queen Elizabeth II to prorogue parliament from between 9–12 September until the opening of a new session on 14 October. Parliament was due to have a three-week recess for party conference season, and if that were to take place as usual as Johnson's prorogation would add around four days to the parliamentary break. The 2017–19 parliamentary session was already the longest since the English Civil War, while the prorogation in 2019 at Johnson's request would have been the longest prorogation since 1930.
The government stated that the prorogation was to allow for the government to set out a new legislative agenda. Others questioned this justification, and said that the prorogation was an improper attempt to evade parliamentary scrutiny of Johnson's Brexit plans in advance of the UK's departure from the European Union on 31 October 2019; individuals and groups who opposed the prorogation included opposition MPs, UK constitutional law scholars, and Sir John Major, the former Conservative Prime Minister. The Speaker of the House of Commons, John Bercow, called the decision a "constitutional outrage".
Three separate cases were lodged before the courts alleging its illegality. The High Court of Justice in London found the issue to be non-justiciable, but the highest civil court in Scotland, the Court of Session sitting in Edinburgh, ruled prorogation was unlawful as it had the "improper purpose of stymieing Parliament". The issue was brought before the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom on 17 September 2019 in the cases R (Miller) v The Prime Minister and Cherry v Advocate General for Scotland, heard jointly. On 24 September, the Supreme Court ruled unanimously that the prorogation was both justiciable and unlawful, and therefore null and of no effect. Parliament resumed sitting the following day, continuing the parliamentary session. Bercow said he would ensure that the attempted prorogation would be expunged from the House of Commons Journal, the corrected formal record of parliamentary business, and replaced with a statement that Parliament was adjourned for the period of the absence.
In December 2020 the Johnson Government published the Fixed-term Parliaments Act 2011 (Repeal) Bill which would stop courts from ruling on the power to dissolve parliament. This was formally introduced as the Dissolution and Calling of Parliament Bill in 2021.
See also
United Kingdom constitutional law
Prorogation Act 1867
Premiership of Boris Johnson
Brexit negotiations in 2019
General Assembly of Aberdeen
Notes
External links
Prorogation, Hansard, Commons, 25 October 1948
Prorogation, Hansard, Lords, 21 March 1997
Brexit: What is proroguing Parliament?
Prorogation explainer: a simple guide to what just happened in UK politics from The Guardian
Prorogation, Hansard, Commons, 9 September 2019
Parliament of the United Kingdom
Domagoj Franić (born 17 August 1993) is a Croatian professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for NK Solin.
Career
Early career
Franić started off his professional playing career at Split in 2012. After Split, Franić played primarily for 2. HNL and 3. HNL clubs Dugopolje, Mosor and Lučko. After that, he went to Hajduk Split, but never got a chance at Hajduk and mostly played for the second team. After Hajduk, from 2016 to 2017 he played for Gorica in the 2. HNL.
Radnik Bijeljina
On 20 January 2017, Franić signed with Bosnian Premier League club Radnik Bijeljina. He made his debut for Radnik on 25 February 2017 in a 2–0 win against Olimpik. With the club, Franić won the Republika Srpska Cup in 2017 and 2018. He left Radnik on 18 January 2019, 2 years after joining the club.
Slovácko
On 31 January 2019, Franić signed with Czech First League club Slovácko.
NK Uskok
In July 2020, it was announced that Franić joined third-tier NK Uskok in Croatia.
Career statistics
Club
Honours
Radnik Bijeljina
Republika Srpska Cup: 2016–17, 2017–18
References
External links
Domagoj Franić at Sofascore
1993 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Split, Croatia
Association football central defenders
Croatian footballers
RNK Split players
NK Dugopolje players
NK Mosor players
NK Lučko players
HNK Hajduk Split II players
HNK Gorica players
FK Radnik Bijeljina players
1. FC Slovácko players
NK Uskok players
NK Solin players
Croatian Football League players
First Football League (Croatia) players
Second Football League (Croatia) players
Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina players
Czech First League players
Croatian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Croatian expatriate sportspeople in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Expatriate footballers in the Czech Republic
Croatian expatriate sportspeople in the Czech Republic
This is a comprehensive chronological list of governors of Chernigov Governorate.
Governors
Governors were the chairmen of the regional executive committees.
Sofia Sokolovska January 19, 1918 - March 12, 1918
Ukrainian State
Yuri Lapchynsky January 10, 1919 - April 13, 1919 as chairman of revkom
Yuri Kotsyubynsky April 1919 - October 28, 1919
Nikolai Avilov-Glebov October 28, 1919 - 1919 as chairman of revkom
Danylo Petrovsky 1919 - 1920
Tit Korzhykov May 5, 1920 - July 12, 1920 as chairman of revkom
Tit Korzhykov July 12, 1920 - 1920
Nikolai Filatov 1920
Sergei Buzdalin September 7, 1920 - October 6, 1920 as chairman of revkom
Panas Lyubchenko 1921
Mykola Pakhomov 1921 - 1922
Ivan Popov December 1922 - June 1924
Stepan Vlasenko 1924 - ?
Regional Communist party leaders
Andrian Ryndich January 1919 - 1919
Yuri Kotsyubynsky August 1919 - 1919
Ivan Batyuk-Urusov 1919 - 1920
Yakov Chubin 1920
Andrian Ryndich 1920
Fyodor Kremenitsky 1920 - 1921
Oleksandr Odyntsov 1921
Mark Tyomkin 1921
Savva Taran 1924 - 1925
Chekists and Chief of GPU
Nikolai Gargayev October 1918 - January 1919
S.Levchuk January 1919 - March 1919
Nikolai Gargayev March 1919 - July 1919
A.Rak July 1919 - August 1919
Davs Rinkmanis August 1919 - October 1919 (also known as Pyotr Karpenko)
Oleksandr Odyntsov October 1919 - November 1919
Semyon Volsky November 1919 - January 1920
Zarnitsyn January 1920 - February 1920
P.Myshkin February 1920 - March 1920
V.Abramov March 1920 - August 1920
Yakov Lifshyts August 1920 - February 1921
Janis Biksons February 1921 - January 1922
Saveliy Tsyklis January 1922 - July 1923
Abram Rosenbardt July 1923 - September 22, 1923 (also known as Aleksandr Rozanov)
Vasiliy Zaborenko September 1923 - 1925
See also
Chernigov Governorate
References
External links
Leaders of Chernigov Governorate during the Russian Civil War
Chernigov Governorate
Politics of the Russian Empire
Carolina Noémia Abranches de Sousa Soares, known as Noémia de Sousa (20 September 1926 – 4 December 2002), was a poet from Mozambique who wrote in the Portuguese language. She was also known as Vera Micaia. She was of mixed Portuguese and Bantu descent. De Sousa's poetry and involvement in Moçambicanidade was a large part of the anti-colonial literary movement of Mozambique.
Life
Noémia de Sousa was born of mixed-race heritage in Catembe, on the south side of the bay across from the Mozambican capital Lourenço Marques. Her father was a descended from a Luso-Afro-Indian family from the island of Mozambique; her maternal grandfather was German. Her father taught her to read at the age of four, four years before he died.
De Sousa wrote often in her early years but did not publish her work until the age of 22 in 1948. From that year on, she published her work frequently for the next three years.
Moving to Portugal by the age of 25, de Sousa lived in Lisbon, working as a translator from 1951 to 1964. She then left for Paris, where she worked for the local consulate of Morocco. She went back to Lisbon in 1975 and became a member of the ANOP.
She worked with several newspapers and magazines throughout her life. Some of her most notable collaborations were with Mensagem (CEI); Mensagem (Luanda); Itinerário; Notícias do Bloqueio (Porto, 1959); O Brado Africano; Moçambique 58; Vértice (Coimbra), Sul (Brazil).
Writing career
In the early 1950s de Sousa became involved in the Moçambicanidade movement. During this period anti-colonial literature in Mozambique was at its peak and de Sousa was one of many Mozambican women writers active in the resistance. One of de Sousa's initial contributions to the movement was sharing her literary works with news outlets that supported the resistance. De Sousa wrote an impactful poem, "Poema para uma Infância Distante," that was published in a resistance news publication. This prominent literary work was one that played an immense role in the spread of cultural identity and awareness in the Moçambicanidade movement.
Moçambicanidade
Moçambicanidade was the name for a new and revolutionary literature that spread throughout Mozambique during the 1940s and 1950s. The literate culture of Mozambique shifted its focus from European styles to Mozambican cultural awareness, anti-colonialism, and political activism. This literary movement was an open platform for the citizens of Mozambique to open dialogue on issues concerning race, class, and politics. Both men and women were involved in this revolutionary literary movement.
The three major journals in support of and associated with Moçambicanidade were, O Brado Africano, Itinerário, and Msabo.
Noémia de Sousa was regularly published in O Brado Africano, and from 1949 she organized, directed, and edited the women's columns until she left for Portugal in 1951. During de Sousa's time at O Brado Africano, she focused the conversation on African identity, black pride, and indigenous feminism. She often published her work under the name, Vera Micaia.
Works
Sangue Negro, Maputo: Associação dos Escritores Moçambicanos, 2001.
"If You Want to Know Me" - this poem appears in many anthologies, including in Margaret Dickinson (ed.), When Bullets Begin to Flower, and Margaret Busby (ed.), Daughters of Africa (1992).
References
External links
Noémia de Sousa. Plural Editores, Mosambik
Poesia Africana
1926 births
2002 deaths
People from Maputo Province
Mozambican poets
Mozambican people of Portuguese descent
Mozambican Roman Catholics
Colonial people in Mozambique
Mozambican women writers
20th-century women writers
Mozambican women poets
20th-century poets
Kaja Jerina (born 11 September 1992) is a Slovenian footballer playing for ŽNK Radomlje in the SŽNL and the Slovenia national team.
She started her career in ŽNK Senožeti, moving later to ŽNK Jevnica, and in 2011 she made her debut for the Slovenian national team. In 2014 she moved abroad, playing for Merilappi United in the Finland's Naisten Liiga, ASD Pink Sport Time in Italy's Serie A and SV Henstedt-Ulzburg in Germany's 2. Bundesliga before returning to the SŽNL to play for ŽNK Radomlje.
External links
1992 births
Living people
Slovenian women's footballers
Merilappi United players
Kansallinen Liiga players
Serie A (women's football) players
Expatriate women's footballers in Finland
Expatriate women's footballers in Germany
Expatriate women's footballers in Italy
Sportspeople from Ljubljana
Slovenia women's international footballers
Slovenian expatriates in Germany
Slovenian expatriates in Italy
Women's association football defenders
A.S.D. Pink Sport Time players
ŽNK Radomlje players
Satterlee may refer to:
People with the name
Charles Satterlee (1875–1918), officer in the United States Coast Guard during World War I
Henry Y. Satterlee (1843–1908), American Episcopal bishop
Herbert L. Satterlee (1863–1947), American lawyer and government official
Kevin Satterlee (born 1968), President of Idaho State University
Marion Satterlee, American botanical artist
Richard Sherwood Satterlee (1798–1880), medical officer in the United States Army
Walter Satterlee (1844-1908), American painter
Satterlee Clark Jr. (1816-1881), American politician
Other uses
USS Satterlee (DD-190), a Clemson-class destroyer, commissioned in 1919 and decommissioned in 1922
USS Satterlee (DD-626), a Gleaves-class destroyer, commissioned in 1943 and decommissioned in 1946
Satterlee General Hospital, a hospital in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
See also
Satterly (includes Satterley)
The robust woodpecker (Campephilus robustus) is a species of bird in the family Picidae.
It is found in Argentina, Brazil, and Paraguay.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
References
robust woodpecker
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Birds of Brazil
Birds of Paraguay
robust woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Ludwik Maurycy Landau (31 May 1902 in Tomaszów Mazowiecki 29 February 1944) was a Polish economist and statistician, a member of the Polish resistance movement in World War II, and a victim of the Holocaust.
Life
Ludwik Maurycy Landau was born into a family of intelligentsia in Tomaszów Mazowiecki on 31 May 1902. He graduated in law at Warsaw University. After graduation he was employed at the Central Statistical Office and at the Institute for Research into Business Cycles and Prices (Instytut Badań Koniunktur Gospodarczych i Cen) and the Institute of Social Economy (Instytut Gospodarstwa Społecznego). His study on social income in Poland around 1929–1933, co-authored with Michał Kalecki, was pioneering.
Landau's 1936 firing from the Institute for Research into Business Cycles and Prices (together with Kalecki and Marek Breit) was seen as politically motivated and engineered by a senior member of the Polish government, the economist and politician Eugeniusz Kwiatkowski.
During the German invasion of Poland and the siege of Warsaw, Landau took part in civil defense. During the subsequent occupation, he continued his research. He participated in underground education programs and worked with the Polish Underground State, preparing reports on the status of the wartime Polish economy. He supported the wartime Polish Socialist Party – Freedom, Equality, Independence, helped design their early wartime manifesto on the economy, and in 1940–1942 edited their underground newspaper.
In August 1940 he was forced to move to the newly created Warsaw Ghetto. He was able to escape from the ghetto with his family and spent the next couple of years in hiding in the city's Włochy district. Around 1943 and 1944 he was blackmailed by szmalcowniks. On 29 February 1944, after leaving home, he went missing; in the next days, the Gestapo arrested his family; his daughter committed suicide, and his wife was shot.
Works
Landau published a number of academic papers and studies pertaining to economics and law. One of his areas of expertise was the distribution of gross national income among the social classes.
From the start of the occupation, Landau kept a diary discussing the effects of the wartime conditions on the Polish people, including the country's Jews. The diary contained valuable statistical data. It survived the war and was published in three volumes (1962–1963) as Kronika lat wojny i okupacji (Chronicle of the Wartime Occupation); it has been called "an important source for understanding living conditions during World War II from a social-science perspective".
See also
List of Poles
References
Further reading
1902 births
1944 deaths
Resistance members killed by Nazi Germany
Polish resistance members of World War II
Polish economists
Warsaw Ghetto inmates
Polish statisticians
University of Warsaw alumni
Polish civilians killed in World War II
Electa Amanda Wright Johnson (, Wright; November 13, 1838 – January 17, 1929) was an American philanthropist. She was one of the founders of the Wisconsin Industrial School for Girls, and was selected by the governor of Wisconsin several times to represent the state on the questions of charity and reform. Johnson wrote essays, short stories, and sketches of travel for the daily papers of Milwaukee.
Early life and education
Electa Amanda Wright was born in the town of Arcadia, New York, November 13, 1838. Her father, Bezaleel Wright Jr. (1796–1878), was from a family that had fought in the American Revolution, and her mother, Catharina Kipp (1799–1863), came from an old Knickerbocker family. She was a descendant of Bezaleel Wright, who served in Captain Abijah Child's company, Colonel Thomas Gardner's regiment, at the siege of Boston.
While she was still a child, her parents moved west and settled near Madison, Wisconsin. She attended neighborhood schools and finished high school in Madison.
Career
Johnson became a successful teacher in Madison.
On September 24, 1860, at Madison, she married Daniel Harris Johnson, a lawyer of Prairie du Chien, Wisconsin. In 1862, she and her husband settled in Milwaukee, where he became a Wisconsin Circuit Court judge. They had one child, a daughter, Kate (1861–1892).
Early on, she directed her attention to works of charity and reform. She was one of the founders of the Wisconsin Industrial School for Girls, was for many years its secretary, and later still, an active member of its board of managers.
Several times, Johnson was commissioned by the Governor of Wisconsin to represent the State in the national conferences of charities and reforms. In that capacity, she participated in their deliberations in Washington, D.C., Louisville, Kentucky, St. Louis, Missouri, Madison, Wisconsin, and San Francisco, California.
She was involved in the associated charities of Milwaukee, strongly favoring efforts to aid and encourage others to become self-supporting, rather than mere almsgiving. She was an active member and was for two years corresponding secretary of the Women's Club of Wisconsin. She was not a professional literary woman, but she wrote short articles and brief stories for publication, and numerous papers to be read before the societies, conferences, clubs and classes with which she was affiliated. Johnson was a member of the Daughters of the American Revolution.
Death
Electa Amanda Wright Johnson died in New York, January 17, 1919.
Selected works
"The Wisconsin industrial school", Milwaukee Monthly, v. 11, 1876, pp. 118-120.
"Milwaukee home for the friendless", Milwaukee Monthly, pp. 246-250.
References
External links
1838 births
1929 deaths
People from Wayne County, New York
People from Milwaukee
Clubwomen
19th-century American philanthropists
19th-century American essayists
19th-century American short story writers
American travel writers
19th-century American women writers
Daughters of the American Revolution people
Wikipedia articles incorporating text from A Woman of the Century
The Non-Partisan Deputies (, TVF), was a minor political party in Norway and the predecessor of the Coastal Party of Norway. The party emerged from the relatively small stratum of conservative EU critics during the 1994 Norwegian EU referendum who did not agree with the pro-EU politics of the Conservative Party. Harald B. Haram was party chairman until his death in 2002, when his son Harald Bernt Einar Haram replaced him.
History
Formally, the party was founded in 1973 as the Women's Free Deputies (Kvinnenes Frie folkevalgte). In this phase, the party was based in Eastern Norway. The minor party was in 1992 taken over by people from Møre, led by Harald B. Haram. For the 1993 election, the party had changed its name and ran as the eurosceptic Freedom Party against the EC-Union (Frihetspartiet mot EF-unionen). During the 1994 Norwegian EU referendum, the party was however simply known as the Freedom Party (Frihetspartiet). In 1997, the name had changed again, now to the present Non-Partisan Deputies. In late 1998, the party again changed its name, to the Non-Partisan Coastal and Rural District Party (Tverrpolitisk kyst- og distriktsparti). This was however reverted to the Non-Partisan Deputies following the 2001 election.
Steinar Bastesen was elected to Stortinget on their ticket in 1997, but soon left the party to form the Coastal Party, for which he also spent his second period. However, in 2008 he was excluded from the Coastal Party, and soon after made his return to the Non-Partisan Deputies. Together with, among others, notable former Norwegian political TV host Per Ståle Lønning the party ran for the 2009 parliamentary election in the county of Nordland.
References
External links
Official website
Defunct political parties in Norway
Political parties established in 1973
1973 establishments in Norway
Conservative parties in Norway
Bloody Kisses is the third studio album by the American gothic metal band Type O Negative and the last recording with their original lineup as drummer Sal Abruscato left in late 1993. The album includes one of their best known songs, "Black No. 1", which earned the band a considerable cult following. The album further established recurring motifs of the band's music, such as including cover songs recorded in the gothic metal style, sample-heavy soundscapes in between songs, and lyrics replete with dry, satirical humor.
Bloody Kisses is notable for being the first album released on Roadrunner Records to achieve gold certification.
Music and lyrics
Considered a standout album in the gothic metal genre, Bloody Kisses is "saturated with complex patterns of sound" with content concerning sexual symbolism and humor.
Bloody Kisses has a cover version of Seals & Crofts' song "Summer Breeze". Originally, Type O Negative's version was going to be called "Summer Girl" with different lyrics, but they made a normal cover after Seals & Crofts found the lyrics to "Summer Girl" distasteful. According to Decibel, Bloody Kisses "featured infectious doom-pop epics ("Black No. 1", "Christian Woman"), sarcastic hardcore screeds ("Kill All the White People", "We Hate Everyone")" and "bizarre noise interludes ("Fay Wray Come Out and Play", "Dark Side of the Womb", "3.0.I.F")". "Black No. 1" is "a sarcastic ode to goth girls (the title coming from a hair dye tone) based on a narcissistic ex-girlfriend of singer Peter Steele".
The noise interludes constitute one seamless composition when played one after another. This tradition continues on World Coming Down.
The album features additional vocal performances from band friends, Mina Caputo, Joey Zampella & Alan Robert of fellow Brooklyn based alt-metal band, Life Of Agony (credited as Erasmus High School Boys Special Ed).
Drummer Sal Abruscato would leave the band shortly after the album's completion due to the band's reluctance to commit to touring. Abruscato would join Life Of Agony in time to perform on LOA's debut album, River Runs Red, which was being produced by Type O Negative keyboardist Josh Silver, and was released on Roadrunner Records, later that same year.
Critical reception
Bloody Kisses received mostly positive reviews. Steve Huey of AllMusic gave the album a 4.5 out of 5 and wrote that "though it sounds like a funeral, Bloody Kisses' airy melodicism and '90s-style irony actually breathed new life into the flagging goth metal genre". Rock Hard gave the album a 10 out of 10 rating.
Accolades
In 2005, Bloody Kisses was ranked number 365 in Rock Hards book of The 500 Greatest Rock & Metal Albums of All Time. Loudwire called Bloody Kisses the best album of 1993, in addition to ranking it at number 42 on its Top 90 Hard Rock and Heavy Metal Albums of the 90s. Rolling Stone placed Bloody Kisses at number 53 on its Top 100 Greatest Heavy Metal Albums of All Time list, citing memorable songs such as "Christian Woman", "Bloody Kisses (A Death in the Family)", their cover version of "Summer Breeze", and "Black No. 1". The latter was cited by the author J. D. Considine as the band's signature song.
Track listing
All Music and Lyrics written by Peter Steele unless otherwise noted.
Bloody Kisses (1993 digipak re-release)
Roadrunner Records issued an alternate version of the album in a digipak later in 1993. The digipak reissue featured alternate artwork and an alternate track listing. The running order was changed and two tracks, the intro and all of the soundscape interludes were removed and were replaced with a previously unreleased track from the recording sessions. This reissue and the associated changes were made at the request of songwriter Peter Steele.
Shortly after the initial release of Bloody Kisses in 1993, Roadrunner Records reissued the album in a tri-fold digipak. This reissue featured an alternate track listing. The new track listing revised the running order and removed all of the soundscape interludes and the two "hardcore" songs ("Kill All The White People" and "We Hate Everyone") and replaced them with a previously unreleased, over eight minute long, slow and very "gothic" sounding track titled, "Suspended In Dusk". This reissue and the changes to the album were made at the request of Peter Steele.
In an interview for the liner notes of the remastered, "Top Shelf Edition" reissue of Bloody Kisses in 2009, Steele said that although he hated ripping off the public, he felt it was his opportunity to fix what he believed was a musical mistake. Guitarist Kenny Hickey, who was not a fan of "Suspended In Dusk", noted that the digipak version of the album was Steele trying to move into the vision of the band fully realized on 1996's "October Rust".
Producer and keyboardist, Josh Silver had stronger feelings on the digipak version of Bloody Kisses, stating, "the digipak sucks". Silver went on to say that part of what makes Type O Negative great is the, "eclectic insanity" - going from songs like 'Black No. 1' to 'Kill All The White People' and that brilliance was a "happy accident". Silver noted that Peter, "didn't have to understand where it came from, he just had to play it. But Peter wanted continuity, so the digipak was released."
"Summer Breeze" was initially recorded by the band as "Summer Girl" with lyrics parodying the original, but "Summer Breeze" songwriters Seals and Croft objected to the lyrical changes and the song was re-recorded with the original lyrics before the album's official release date. "Summer Girl" remains unreleased but it did appear on a pre-release, promotional version of "Bloody Kisses", simply titled, "?". "Summer Girl" has since circulated online.
The digipak version contains alternate artwork and an amended booklet that reflects the re-ordering and changing of the tracks. Another change is found in the album's liner notes which contain the title of and lyrics for "Summer Girl" instead of "Summer Breeze". The parody lyrics of "Summer Girl" are included such as, "Kenny Hickey lying on the sidewalk, Devil music from the house next door". Josh Silver said the misprint was a mistake by Roadrunner Records. The recorded song is unchanged. The standard release of the album was pressed with the original "Summer Breeze" lyrics and title in the liner notes.
Bloody Kisses - The Top Shelf Edition (2009 remastered, expanded edition re-release)
On May 5, 2009, Roadrunner Records re-issued a newly remastered version of Bloody Kisses known as Bloody Kisses - The Top Shelf Edition. This reissue included the original album remastered for the first time, along with a bonus CD of rarities and B-sides. The package also included expanded liner notes featuring additional photos and a brand new, exclusive interview with the band on the "making of" and the "legacy of" Bloody Kisses.
Credits
Peter Steele – lead vocals, bass guitar
Kenny Hickey – backing vocals, co-lead vocals on "Black No.1 (Little Miss Scare-All)" and "We Hate Everyone", acoustic guitar, electric guitar
Josh Silver – backing vocals, keyboards, synthesizers, sound effects, electronic programming
Sal Abruscato – drums, percussion
Additional personnel
Paul Bento – sitar, tamboura
The Bensonhoist Lesbian Choir – additional vocal performance
Erasmus High School Boys Special Ed. – additional vocal performance
Bonnie Weiss, Karen Rose, Debbie Alter, Chris Zamp, & Life Of Agony (Alan Robert, Joey Zampella, Mina Caputo, & Mike Palmeri) – additional vocal performance
Brooklyn Philharmonic Orchestra (Verdigris Phlogiston conducting)
Production credits
Produced by Peter Steele/Josh Silver
Recorded at Systems Two, Brooklyn, NY
Additional Recording at Sty In The Sky, Brooklyn, NY
Mastered by George Marino at Sterling Sound, NYC
John Wadsworth – photography
Jeff Kitts – portrait photography
Bloody Kisses – The Top Shelf Edition (2009) reissue credits
Re-issue producer – Monte Connor
Project Coordinator – Steven Hartong
Re-mastered by George Marino at Sterling Sound, NYC, January 2009
Liner notes – J. Bennett
Design – Mr. Scott Design
Additional photography – John Wadsworth and Joseph Cullice
Charts
Album
References
External links
Type O Negative's official website
Type O Negative albums
1993 albums
Roadrunner Records albums
Mill Point Federal Prison was a minimum security United States federal prison camp located west of Mill Point in Pocahontas County, West Virginia. It was built on a plot in Monongahela National Forest adjacent to the Cranberry Glades. In operation from 1938 to 1959, all buildings were demolished after its closure.
Notable inmates
Howard Fast, novelist
References
Pocahontas County, West Virginia
Monongahela National Forest
Defunct prisons in West Virginia
1938 establishments in West Virginia
1959 disestablishments in West Virginia
"Corazón Encandenado" ("Chained Heart") is a song by American singer by Lani Hall from her 1984 self-titled album. It features Spanish singer-songwriter Camilo Sesto, who also composed the track along with Sergio Fachelli. The song speaks about a trust issue between two lovers. The song was covered by Sergio Vargas and Gisselle as a merengue song on their collaboration album Juntos (1998). The duo's version peaked at number four on the Billboard Hot Latin Songs chart and reached number one on the Billboard Tropical Airplay chart. The song was also covered by Graciela Beltrán and Conjunto Primavera on Beltrán's album Mi Otro Sentimiento (2004). Their version peaked at number 32 at the Billboard Regional Mexican Airplay chart and was nominated "Hot Latin Track Of The Year, Vocal Duet" at the 2005 Latin Billboard Music Awards.
See also
List of number-one hits of 1984 (Mexico)
List of Billboard Tropical Airplay number ones of 1998
References
1984 songs
1984 singles
1998 singles
2004 singles
1980s ballads
Lani Hall songs
Camilo Sesto songs
Gisselle songs
Conjunto Primavera songs
Spanish-language songs
Male–female vocal duets
Makola Market is a renowned marketplace and shopping district in the centre of the city of Accra, the capital of Ghana. A wide array of products is sold in the markets and its surrounding streets, from car parts to land snails. Dominated by women traders, the market sells fresh produce, manufactured and imported foods, clothes, shoes, tools, medicines, and pots and pans. Jewellery made from locally handcrafted beads can also be found for sale in the market. About 25% of the 70% market women are employed in Makola market.
Historical background
Makola Market was constructed in Accra in 1924 and stood at the heart of the urban Ghanaian life. The market was the main wholesale and retail marketplace in Accra, the epicenter of trade in the country and one of the nation's most important social and cultural institutions.
On 18 August 1979, 55 years after its creation, Makola Market was destroyed. The Rawlings government that agreed on the demolition of the centre of trade in Ghana thought that devastating Makola would improve the economy. Indeed, there were accusations that various products considered banned in Ghana were being sold in the Makola Market. In this way, the market women were accused of Ghana's economic problems.
Makola Market was featured in the Travel Channel show Anthony Bourdain: No Reservations with Anthony Bourdain in the Ghana episode. During the episode, Bourdain walked through the market, where he sampled local wares and enjoyed a condensed milk-toffee drink made with local herbs.
Recent development
At the recent "Ghana at 60" anniversary celebration, African print retailers in Makola Market threatened to boycott the sale of the official cloth used during the celebration due to its huge cost. The cloth was being sold at a price of 240 cedis for . The anniversary logo on the cloth featured three people in an embrace, which signified the unity in diversity of Ghanaians.
Controversies
The Minister of Environment, Science, Technology and Innovation, Professor Kwabena Frimpong-Boateng, stated that some traders had resorted to using formalin, a cancer-causing agent, to preserve salted tilapia, commonly known as "koobi". The sellers dismissed the claim, saying that they were shocked to hear it. They stated that since the story broke, their sales had been affected since many people refused to purchase it.
Gallery
References
External links
View images at Flickr
Retail markets in Ghana
Buildings and structures in Accra
Economy of Accra
RNA, U4atac small nuclear (U12-dependent splicing) is a small nuclear RNA that in humans is encoded by the RNU4ATAC gene.
The small nuclear RNA (snRNA) encoded by this gene is part of the U12-dependent minor spliceosome complex. In addition to the encoded RNA, this ribonucleoprotein complex consists of U11, U12, U5, and U6atac snRNAs. The U12-dependent spliceosome is required for the splicing of approximately 700 specific introns in the human genome.
Genomics
The RNU4ATAC gene is located on chromosome 2 (2q14.2). It is a single copy gene that is embedded within an intron of the protein coding CLASP1 gene but is transcribed in the antisense direction from CLASP1.
Clinical importance
Defects in this gene are a cause of several human inherited syndromes all of which show autosomal recessive inheritance. These include Taybi Linder syndrome (microcephalic osteodysplastic primordial dwarfism type 1 (MOPD1), Roifman syndrome and Lowry-Wood syndrome.
References
Further reading
A software bus is a software architecture model where a shared communication channel facilitates connections and communication between software modules. This makes software buses conceptually similar to the bus term used in computer hardware for interconnecting pathways.
In the early microcomputer era of the 1970s, Digital Research's operating system CP/M was often described as a software bus. Lifeboat Associates, an early distributor of CP/M and later of MS-DOS software, had a whole product line named Software Bus. D-Bus is used in many modern desktop environments to allow multiple processes to communicate with one another.
Examples
Lifeboat Associates Software Bus-80 aka SB-80, a version of CP/M-80 for 8080/Z80 8-bit computers
Lifeboat Associates Software Bus-86 aka SB-86, a version of MS-DOS for x86 16-bit computers.
Component Object Model for in-process and interprocess communication.
D-Bus for interprocess communication.
Enterprise service bus for distributed communication.
See also
Bus (computing)
References
External links
Microsoft MSDN: Microsoft on the Enterprise Service Bus (ESB)
Software architecture
The Tishrin Dam offensive, or Southern Kobanî offensive, was a military operation in the northeastern Aleppo Governorate during the Syrian Civil War, conducted by the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) to capture the strategic Tishrin Dam and the southern countryside of the self-declared Kobanî Canton from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). The Combined Joint Task Force – Operation Inherent Resolve supported the SDF offensive with over 26 airstrikes.
Background
The offensive
On 23 December, the joint command of the Syrian Democratic Forces officially launched the offensive, with the goal to "clear all areas in southern Kobanî Canton that have been occupied by elements of the terrorist group known as Daesh (ISIS)".
On 24 December, the SDF captured the villages of Sahrij, Al Jabal, Abaydad, Al Mansia, Miruha, Sajjadi, Dandoshan, Birdan and over fifteen farmlands south of the town of Sarrin, which was captured by the YPG and Free Syrian Army earlier in the same year, during the Battle of Sarrin. 14 ISIL members and 2 SDF fighters were killed during the battles.
On 25 December, the alliance of Kurdish, Arab and Assyrian militias seized the villages of Bojakh, Hafyan, Munsiye, Sofayte, Saqit, Dahr Al–Faraj and the surrounding farms from ISIL. During a nighttime raid, 12 ISIL members were killed. At that point, the SDF had managed to capture 16 km along the east bank of the Euphrates.
On 26 December, the Syrian Democratic Forces captured the Tishrin Dam and the villages of Bir Shumal, Bir Bagar, Abdilkiye, Tal Banat, Khishkhash, Al-Wesi and Miwelih. The SDF managed to kill five ISIL fighters and captured another eight alive. A total of 50 villages were seized from ISIL during the first four days of the offensive.
On 27 December, the SDF advanced on the western bank of the Euphrates. They captured the towns of Tishrin and Sakaniya. At least 15 members of ISIL were killed during the operation. On the same day ISIL executed four young men in Manbij who were accused of being members of the SDF.
On 30 December, the general command of the Syrian Democratic Forces declared the end of the operation to liberate the southern areas of the Kobanî Canton. The SDF captured over 100 villages and hamlets, the Tishrin Dam, an area of ~640 km², and killed 219 ISIL fighters, according to a balance sheet released by the SDF. An additional 100 ISIL fighters were killed by Coalition airstrikes during the offensive. Seven SDF members and two members of the police force Asayish died during the operation.
See also
November 2015 Sinjar offensive
Battle of al-Hasakah (June–August 2015)
Al-Hawl offensive
Al-Shaddadi offensive (2016)
Manbij offensive (2016)
Battle of Tabqa (2017)
List of wars and battles involving ISIL
References
External links
The YPG's Next Move: A Two Front War for the Manbij Pocket
Military operations of the Syrian civil war in 2015
Military operations of the Syrian civil war involving the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant
Aleppo Governorate in the Syrian civil war
Military operations of the Syrian civil war involving the Syrian Democratic Forces
Military operations of the Syrian civil war involving the People's Protection Units
Ayn al-Arab District
Manbij District
The waved woodpecker (Celeus undatus) is a species of bird in the family Picidae, the woodpeckers.
It is found in the Guianas of Guyana, Suriname and French Guiana; also eastern border regions of Venezuela and the northeast Amazon basin of northern Brazil including Marajo Island, Ilha de Marajo. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Taxonomy
The English naturalist George Edwards described and illustrated the waved woodpecker in his Gleanings of Natural History which he published in 1764. Edwards used the English name "Red-cheeked Wood-pecker". When in 1766 the Swedish naturalist Carl Linnaeus updated his Systema Naturae for the twelfth edition, he included the waved woodpecker, coined the binomial name Picus undatus and cited Edwards's book. Linnaeus specified the type locality as Surinam. The specific epithet undatus is Medieval Latin for "wavy" or "wavelike". The waved woodpecker is now placed in the genus Celeus that was introduced by the German zoologist Friedrich Boie in 1831.
Three subspecies are recognised:
C. u. amacurensis Phelps & Phelps Jr, 1950 – northeast Venezuela
C. u. undatus (Linnaeus, 1766) – east Venezuela, the Guianas and northeast Brazil
C. u. multifasciatus (Natterer & Malherbe, 1845) – northeast Brazil (south of the Amazon)
Description
The adult waved woodpecker has a length of about . The back of the head bears a brown, shaggy tuft with faint blackish markings. The male has bright red cheeks, while the female lacks any red facial colouring, but otherwise the sexes are similar. The head and body are a blend of various shades of cinnamon, rufous, and chestnut, finely barred with black. The rump is yellowish-brown, with some dark barring. The main flight feathers are black and the tail feathers are chestnut, tipped with black. The throat is cinnamon, speckled with brown, and the underparts are buff or chestnut, densely marked with dark barrings or chevron-shaped markings. The eye is reddish brown, the beak is yellow or buff with a bluish base and the legs are grey. This bird could be confused with the scaly-breasted woodpecker, but that species has a darker head and no barring on the rump.
Distribution and habitat
The waved woodpecker is found in tropical north-eastern South America. Its range extends from Colombia, Ecuador and Venezuela through the Guianas to northeastern Brazil, both north and south of the Amazon River, and southwards to eastern Peru and Bolivia. It occurs in lowland rainforest, mostly below , secondary forest and forest margins, and sometimes visits scattered trees in savannah grassland.
Behavior and ecology
The waved woodpecker may occur singly or in pairs, and sometimes joins small mixed species foraging groups. It feeds unobtrusively on the trunks and branches of trees and among the foliage, largely foraging for ants and termites, but supplementing these with fruits, berries and seeds.
Status
The waved woodpecker has a very large range and a presumed large total population, which may be declining slowly. The chief threat it faces is degradation of its forest habitat. It is a resident species, sometimes described as being uncommon, but that may in part be because of its unobtrusive behaviour. It seems tolerant of secondary habitats, and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of the least concern.
References
External links
waved woodpecker
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of the Amazon Basin
waved woodpecker
waved woodpecker
Birds of Brazil
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Heliophanus wesolowskae is a jumping spider species in the genus Heliophanus. It was first identified in 1997.
Etymology
The species name of Heliophanus wesolowskae is named after the Polish arachnologist Wanda Wesołowska.
Distribution
The spider is found in Central Asia and particularly in Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan.
References
Spiders of Central Asia
Fauna of Kyrgyzstan
Salticidae
Spiders described in 1997
Pascal Pelletier (born June 16, 1983) is a Canadian professional ice hockey forward who is currently an unrestricted free agent. He most recently played for the ZSC Lions of the National League (NL). He is one of four players from Labrador to play in the NHL. Pelletier was born in Labrador City, Newfoundland and Labrador, but grew up in Quebec City, Quebec.
Playing career
As a youth, Pelletier played in the 1996 and 1997 Quebec International Pee-Wee Hockey Tournaments with a minor ice hockey team from Quebec City.
Undrafted, Pelletier played in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League before making his professional debut in the ECHL with the Louisiana IceGators. In the 2005–06 season, Pelletier was signed to an AHL contract with the Providence Bruins and after a solid season was signed to a NHL contract with parent club, the Boston Bruins, on August 7, 2006.
Pelletier made his NHL debut with the Boston Bruins during the 2007–08 season, he was first recalled from Providence on January 16, 2008. Pelletier played in a total of six games. On July 24, 2008, Pelletier was traded by the Bruins to the Chicago Blackhawks for Martin St. Pierre. He signed a one-year contract with the Blackhawks on August 8, 2008.
After a year playing for the Blackhawks' AHL affiliate the Rockford IceHogs, Pelletier signed a one-year deal with Columbus Blue Jackets of the NHL for the 2009–10 season. On December 8, 2009 he was traded to the St. Louis Blues for Brendan Bell and Tomas Kana. He was immediately sent to their affiliate the Peoria Rivermen.
On May 19, 2010, Pelletier left for Europe signing a one-year contract with Swiss team, the SCL Tigers of the National League A.
On July 5, 2013, Pelletier returned to North America after three seasons with the SCL Tigers, signing a one-year two-way contract with the Vancouver Canucks. He was assigned to begin the 2013–14 season with AHL affiliate, the Utica Comets. He was recalled to the Canucks on October 20, and played his first NHL game since 2009.
On June 24, 2014, receiving limited opportunity in his single season with the Canucks, Pelletier opted to return to Europe in signing a one-year contract with Croatian club, Medveščak Zagreb the KHL.
After a single season with the Canucks AHL affiliate, the Utica Comets in 2016–17, Pelletier returned to Switzerland in agreeing to a contract with the GCK Lions of the Swiss League on August 14, 2017.
Career statistics
Awards and honours
References
External links
1983 births
Living people
Admiral Vladivostok players
Baie-Comeau Drakkar players
Boston Bruins players
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Croatia
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Finland
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Russia
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Switzerland
Canadian ice hockey left wingers
Chicago Blackhawks players
Franco-Newfoundlander people
GCK Lions players
Gwinnett Gladiators players
Ice hockey people from Newfoundland and Labrador
Ice hockey people from Quebec
Jokerit players
KHL Medveščak Zagreb players
Louisiana IceGators (ECHL) players
People from Labrador City
Peoria Rivermen (AHL) players
Providence Bruins players
Rockford IceHogs (AHL) players
SCL Tigers players
Shawinigan Cataractes players
Sportspeople from Quebec City
Undrafted National Hockey League players
Utica Comets players
Vancouver Canucks players
ZSC Lions players
Bufadienolide is a chemical compound with steroid structure. Its derivatives are collectively known as bufadienolides, including many in the form of bufadienolide glycosides (bufadienolides that contain structural groups derived from sugars). These are a type of cardiac glycoside, the other being the cardenolide glycosides. Both bufadienolides and their glycosides are toxic; specifically, they can cause an atrioventricular block, bradycardia (slow heartbeat), ventricular tachycardia (a type of rapid heartbeat), and possibly lethal cardiac arrest.
Etymology
The term derives from the toad genus Bufo that contains bufadienolide glycosides, the suffix -adien- that refers to the two double bonds in the lactone ring, and the ending -olide that denotes the lactone structure. Consequently, related structures with only one double bond are called bufenolides, and the saturated equivalent is bufanolide.
Classification
According to MeSH, bufadienolides and bufanolides are classified as follows:
Polycyclic compounds
Steroids
Cardanolides
Cardiac glycosides
Bufanolides (includes bufenolides, bufadienolides, bufatrienolides)
Proscillaridin
Daigremontianin
Cardenolides
References
Further reading
Steyn, PS; Heerden, FR van (1998). Bufadienolides of plant and animal origin, Natural Product Reports, 15(4):397-413.
Bufanolides
Zoya Sergeyevna Ananchenko (born September 5, 1996) is a Kazakhstani sprint canoeist.
Ananchenko competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in the women's K-1 500 metres race, in which she reached the semifinals, and as part of the tenth-place Kazakhstan team in the women's K-4 500 metres race.
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Kazakhstani female canoeists
Olympic canoeists of Kazakhstan
Canoeists at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Asian Games silver medalists for Kazakhstan
Asian Games bronze medalists for Kazakhstan
Asian Games medalists in canoeing
Canoeists at the 2014 Asian Games
Canoeists at the 2018 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2014 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2018 Asian Games
20th-century Kazakhstani women
21st-century Kazakhstani women
Emînê Evdal (b. in 1906 in Yamançayir, Kars – 1964), was a Kurdish writer, linguist and poet who was based in Armenia. He was born into a Yezidi family in the village of Yamançayir near Kars which at the time was under Russian control. His village was destroyed during the Armenian genocide where he lost both his parents and his brother. In 1924, he attended the workers' school in Tbilisi, and in 1926 he began teaching in the Kurdish villages near Mount Elegez (Alagyaz). In 1931, he entered the Philology department of University of Yerevan, and began working in the Kurdish newspaper Rya Taza around the same period. He published his first book on the Kurdish language in 1933. From 1933 to 1937, he published several textbooks on Kurdish language education. He received his PhD in Kurdology in 1944 and his thesis was entitled Kurdish woman in traditional family: An analysis based on study of folklore and nation. After graduation, he worked in the Kurdology field at the Armenian Institute of History, and he was hired by the Department of Oriental Studies, Armenian Academy of Sciences in 1959. He was awarded the title of Best Retired Teacher by the Parliament of Armenia in 1960.
In addition to Kurdish, he published many research articles and books in Armenian and Russian. He also contributed to Kurdish literature, and his first collection of short stories titled Casim û Tosin was published in 1924. The Kurdish school in the village of Qundesaz, where he taught for many years, has been named after him by the Armenia's government and his statue has been erected at the entrance of the school.
Books
Books of Evdal:
Casim û Tosin, koma çîrokên kurt, 1924.
Kitêba Zimanê Kurmancî Bona Koma Çara, 1933.
Kitêba zimanê Kurmancî Bona Koma Pênca, 1934.
Bihar, Collection of Poems, 1935.
Kitêba Zimanê Kurmancî Bona Dersxana Çara, 1936.
Mêtodîka Hînkirina Xwendin û Nivîsandinê, 1936.
Folklora Kurmanca, 1936, (with Hecîyê Cindî).
Mêtodîka Zimanê Kurmancî, 1937.
Kitêba Zimanê Kurmancî, Bona Dersxana Şeşa, 1937, (with Casimê Celîl).
Tolhildana Xûnê Li Nav Kurdada û Dewî Anîna Bermayên Wê Li Ermenistana Sovêtê, 1952.
Deba kurdên Ermenistana Sovêtê, 1953.
Gulîzer, 1956. (in Armenian).
Patronîma cem kurdên Ermenistanê di sedsala 19 da, 1957.
Deba kurdên Pişkovkazê, 1957.
Çîrokên gelê kurd, 1957. (in Armenian).
Ferhenga Kurdîyê rastnivîsaryê, 1958.
References
Armenian Yazidis
People from Kars
Kurdish writers
1906 births
1964 deaths
Kurds in Armenia
Soviet writers
The 2008 Football League Two play-off Final was an association football match which was played on 26 May 2008 at Wembley Stadium, London, between Stockport County and Rochdale to determine the third and final team to gain promotion from Football League Two to the Football League One. The top three teams of the 2008–09 Football League One season, Milton Keynes Dons, Peterborough United and Hereford Unnited, gained automatic promotion to League One, while those placed from fourth to seventh in the table took part in play-offs. The winners of the play-off semi-finals competed for the final place for the 2009–10 season in League One. The losing semi-finalists were Darlington and Wycombe Wanderers.
The referee for the final, which was played in front of 35,715 spectators, was Stuart Attwell. Rochdale's Rory McArdle scored with a close-range header in the 24th minute before Tommy Rowe's cross was diverted into his own net Nathan Stanton for an own goal, to level the score. Four minutes into the second half, Stockport County took the lead once again when Anthony Pilkington scored with a header. He then passed to Dickinson who struck the ball past the Rochdale goalkeeper Tommy Lee to make it 3–1 in the 67th minute. Ten minutes later, Adam Rundle reduced the deficit when he scored from around but no further goals were scored and the match ended 3–2 to Stockport County.
Stockport County's following season saw them deducted ten points for entering administration. As a consequence, they ended the season in eighteenth place in the table, three positions and one point above the relegation zone. In Rochdale's next season, they finished in sixth position and qualified for the 2009 Football League play-offs where they lost 2–1 on aggregate to Gillingham in the semi-final.
Route to the final
Stockport County finished the regular 2007–08 season in fourth position in Football League Two, the fourth tier of the English football league system, one place and two points ahead of Rochdale. Both therefore missed out on the three automatic places for promotion to Football League One and instead took part in the play-offs to determine the fourth promoted team. Stockport County finished six points behind Hereford United (who were promoted in third place), ten behind Peterborough United (who were promoted in second place), and fifteen behind league winners Milton Keynes Dons. Stockport County had gained 55 points from their final 24 games, losing just three and finished the season in fourth place with 82 points. Rochdale picked up 45 points for their final 24 games and finished the season in fifth place with 80 points.
Stockport County faced Wycombe Wanderers in their play-off semi-final with the first match of the two-legged tie taking place at Adams Park in High Wycombe on 11 May 2008. Stockport went 1–0 down after a mistake from goalkeeper John Ruddy allowed Delroy Facey to score just before half-time. In the second half Stockport equalised on 82 minutes when Stephen Gleeson scored with a volley to make it 1–1.
The second leg was held at Edgeley Park in Stockport six days later. Liam Dickinson scored the only goal of the game in the sixth minute after a solo run from the halfway line to tap the ball past Frank Fielding in the Wycombe goal. The home side confirmed their place in the play-off final with a 2–1 aggregate win.
Rochdale faced Darlington in their play-off semi-final, with the first leg being held away at Balfour Webnet Arena on 10 May 2008. Jason Kennedy opened the scoring for the home side with a lob in the 28th minute before Chris Dagnall equalised for Rochdale on 70 minutes when his shot was deflected into the net by a Darlington defender, wrong-footing the goalkeeper David Stockdale. Ian Miller won the game 2–1 for Darlington in the first minute of stoppage time with a header. The return leg was held at Spotland seven days later. Darlington opened the scoring with in the 28th minute after Rene Howe impeded Kennedy in the penalty area, and Clark Keltie scored from the penalty spot. Rochdale drew level on 43 minutes through Chris Dagnall and then took the lead after a deflected strike from David Perkins found the net on 78 minutes. With the score at 2–1 after regular time, the aggregate scoreline was 3–3 and the match went into extra time, during which Perkins was sent off for dissent. No goals were scored during the additional period, so the match had to be decided by a penalty shootout. Rochdale scored all five of their penalties while Darlington's Kennedy missed his and sent Rochdale to the play-off final. After the game Rochdale failed in an appeal against the red card given to Perkins and he was subsequently unavailable for selection for the final.
Match
Background
This was Stockport County's fifth appearance in the play-offs, having failed to make it past the semi-finals in 1990 and 1993 and losing both the 1992 Football League Third Division play-off Final and the 1994 Football League Second Division play-off Final. They had played in the fourth tier of English football since being relegated in the 2004–05 season. Rochdale were taking part in their second play-off having lost in the 2002 semi-finals 4–3 on aggregate to Rushden & Diamonds. They had played fourth-tier football since being relegated in the 1973–74 season. In the meetings between the sides during the regular season, Stockport County won both matches: a 2–1 victory at Spotland in November 2007 was followed by a 2–0 win at Edgeley Park the next March. Dickinson was Stockport County's top scorer during the regular season with 19 goals (all in the league), followed by Anthony Elding with 15 goals (13 in the league, 1 in the League Cup and 1 in the Football League Trophy) who had transferred to Leeds United in January 2008. Rochdale's leading scorers were Le Fondre with 17 goals (16 in the league, 1 in the FA Cup) and Glenn Murray with 10 (9 in the league, 1 in the League Cup).
The referee for the final was Stuart Attwell who was promoted to the Football League refereeing list ahead of the 2007–08 season, officiating his first match on 11 August 2007.
Summary
The match kicked off around 3p.m. on 26 May 2008 at Wembley Stadium in front of a crowd of 35,715. Both sides had early periods of possession but neither could break the deadlock on a wet surface. Midway through the first half, a Chris Dagnall strike from distance took a deflection and passed just wide of the Stockport County goal. From the ensuing corner, Rory McArdle headed the ball in from close range at the near post to make it 1–0 to Stockport County in the 24th minute. Anthony Pilkington then struck a free kick narrowly wide of Rochdale's goal. In the 34th minute, Tommy Rowe played in a cross from a short corner which Nathan Stanton diverted into his own net for an own goal, to level the score and the sides went in at half-time at 1–1.
Rochdale made one change to their side during the interval, with Ben Muirhead coming on to replace Kallum Higginbotham. Four minutes into the second half, Stockport County took the lead once again when Pilkington headed Michael Rose's cross in from around after it had bounced off the ground. Gary Jones, the Rochdale captain, then saw his low shot go just wide of the Stockport County goal. Midway through the second half, Pilkington passed to Dickinson who had managed to evade his marker and struck the ball past the Rochdale goalkeeper Tommy Lee to make it 3–1. In the 77th minute, Adam Rundle reduced the deficit when he scored from around but no further goals were scored and the match ended 3–2 to Stockport County.
Details
Post-match
The Stockport County manager Jim Gannon reflected on his young side's success: "I hope that we become a role model for all clubs at this level... Over the past two years we have brought through a group of young players who in the right circumstances, play really good, effective football." His counterpart Keith Hill was gracious in defeat, noting "I think that Stockport deserved it... It could have gone either way and we gave it what we could but the lion's share of possession went to Stockport."
Stockport County's following season saw them deducted ten points for entering administration. As a consequence, they ended the season in eighteenth place in the table, three positions and one point above the relegation zone. In Rochdale's next season, they finished in sixth position and qualified for the 2009 Football League play-offs where they lost 2–1 on aggregate to Gillingham in the semi-final.
See also
2008 Football League Championship play-off Final
2008 Football League One play-off Final
2008 Conference Premier play-off Final
References
3
EFL League Two play-off finals
Play-off Final 2008
Play-off Final 2008
Play-off Final
Football League Two Play-off Final
Football League Two Play-off Final
Naburot Island (Locally known as Isla Naburot) is an island located in Brgy. Sinapsapan, Jordan, Guimaras in the Philippines. The island can be also seen from Alubihod Beach resort in Nueva Valencia, Guimaras.
References
Islands of Guimaras
The Battle Rages On... is the fourteenth studio album by the British hard rock band Deep Purple, released on July 19th, 1993 (Europe). It is the last album recorded with the band's classic Mk II line-up, which reunited for a second time (the first reunion being for 1984's Perfect Strangers). Even though Mike DiMeo was initially chosen as the singer for the album after Joe Lynn Turner was fired, Ian Gillan eventually returned to the band in late 1992 and had to rework much of the material already existing for it, which had been intended for Joe Lynn Turner and DiMeo. After his firing Turner would admit Ritchie Blackmore referred to the album as "The cattle grazes on". Blackmore became infuriated at the non-melodic elements and left the band for good after a show on 17 November in Helsinki, Finland. American guitarist Joe Satriani joined Deep Purple as a temporary replacement for the remainder of the tour. A handful of working tracks written during The Battle Rages On... sessions would turn up on subsequent solo releases by Turner under different song titles.
Track listing
Personnel
Deep Purple
Ritchie Blackmore – guitar
Ian Gillan – vocals
Roger Glover – bass
Jon Lord – keyboards
Ian Paice – drums
Production
Produced by Thom Panunzio and Roger Glover
Basic tracks produced by Thom Panunzio at Bearsville Studios in upstate New York (engineered by Bill Kennedy, assisted by Mike Reiter)
Vocals and overdubs recorded at Red Rooster Studios (engineered by Hans Gemperle) in Tutzing, Germany, and Greg Rike Studios (engineered by Jason Corsaro, assisted by Wally Walton and Darren Schneider) in Orlando, Florida.
Mixed by Pat Regan with Roger Glover at Sound on Sound Recording (engineered by Pat Regan, assisted by John Siket, Devin Emke and Peter Beckeman) in New York, and at the Ambient Recording Company (engineered by Pat Regan, assisted by Mark Conese) in Connecticut
Mastered by George Marino at Sterling Sound in New York.
Charts
Album
Singles
Certifications
References
External links
14th studio album
Deep Purple albums
1993 albums
Albums produced by Thom Panunzio
Albums produced by Roger Glover
Giant Records (Warner) albums
RCA Records albums
Dannie Heineman Prize may refer to:
Dannie Heineman Prize for Astrophysics, awarded by the American Astronomical Society and American Institute of Physics
Dannie Heineman Prize for Mathematical Physics, awarded by the American Physical Society and American Institute of Physics
Dannie Heineman Prize (Göttingen), awarded by the Göttingen Academy of Sciences and Humanities
Hung Fuk () is one of the 39 constituencies in the Yuen Long District.
Created for the 2019 District Council elections, the constituency returns one district councillor to the Yuen Long District Council, with an election every four years.
Hung Fuk loosely covers public housing estate Hung Fuk Estate in Hung Shui Kiu. It has projected population of 12,641.
Councillors represented
Election results
2010s
References
Hung Shui Kiu
Constituencies of Hong Kong
Constituencies of Yuen Long District Council
2019 establishments in Hong Kong
Constituencies established in 2019
The Dead Guy is a 2005 satirical play written by Scottish American playwright Eric Coble. The play, which reflects on United States reality television, premiered at the Curious Theatre Company in Denver, Colorado in September 2005.
Plot
The play opens with Eldon Phelps and Gina Yaweth at a bar in Leadville (pronounced led-vil). Gina convinces Eldon to star in her new reality television show, The Dead Guy.
The premise of the show: Eldon is given a week and a million dollars to spend however he wishes, but there is one catch—at the end of the week, Eldon must commit suicide in a manner determined by millions of online and telephone voters.
He gives gifts to his mother Roberta and brother Virgil, and then proposes to ex-girlfriend Christy Moline, who denies his request, saying, "You think I want to become a widow at twenty-one?"
Angry, he goes to Disneyland, where he picks up prostitutes, gets drunk, and is finally kicked out of the park. He then realizes that the nation's voters want him to die by chainsaw accident. Fearing this, he tries to find a charity to take his money.
However, no charities want his blood money. He tries to volunteer at a children's hospital, but creates more problems than he solves. His voters soon begin to cut him more slack. He remains friends with Christy, and the voters begin to love him as his end date draws nearer. Finally, on the evening of his death, the write-in vote surprises both him and Gina. The voters want Gina to kill him. Gina shoots him dead. The play ends, as Gina promises that the audience will get "more dead guys".
Characters
Gina Yaweth: A woman with a premise, 30s-40s. The producer of the reality show, The Dead Guy.
Eldon Phelps: A man with no premises whatsoever, 20s. The star of The Dead Guy and, in fact, the dead guy himself.
Dougie: A man who watches. The sole cameraman for The Dead Guy.
Roberta Phelps: Eldon's mother, 40s-50s.
Virgil Phelps: Eldon's brother, 20s-30s.
Christy Moline: Eldon's ex-girlfriend, 20s.
Two Women: Girls who know how to have a good time (called "Disney Princesses" in the play.)
Security Guard: A man who knows how to kill a good time. A Disneyland security guard.
Nancy: A harried pediatric doctor.
Leon: An impressionable young nurse and born-again Christian.
Production
The original production of the play opened at the Curious Theatre Company in Denver, Colorado, in September 2005. The play starred Elizabeth Rainer as Gina; Todd Webster as Eldon; Byron Matsuno as Dougie; Ed Cord as Virgil, the Security Guard, and Leon; Dee Covington as Roberta, the First Woman, and Sheila; and Jessica Austgen as Christy, the Second Woman, and Nancy.
The play also premiered in Frankfurt, Germany in June 2010.
Style
The action in the play is a mixture of on-stage acting, previously recorded segments, special effects, and live filming. The single set is made to look like a recording studio. The cameraman, Dougie, stands onstage and films most of the show, hooked up to a monitor that then displays his shots.
The play can be divided up into French scenes, or smaller scenes, where the camera angles differ or the scene switches from live acting to previously-taped footage. The previous footage is usually used in cut-to-interview format. The play is very comedic until the end, where soberness and tension with the death of the main character change the entire experience.
Reception
Bob Bows of Variety stated, "Coble delivers his coup de grace, leaving no doubt about the price we pay for serving the wrong master." The Houston Press called the play a "must-see", stating, "Amoral, mercenary and totally devoid of good taste, it's not such a far-fetched idea."
References
External links
The Dead Guy by Eric Coble
2005 plays
Mitsuru Takada (born 26 September 1969) is a former Japanese tennis player.
Takada has a career high ATP singles ranking of 706 achieved on 7 June 1999. He also has a career high ATP doubles ranking of 245 achieved on 27 July 1998.
Takada made his ATP main draw debut at the 1994 Tokyo Indoor in the doubles main draw.
He is now the current coach of Japanese tennis player Yoshihito Nishioka.
External links
1969 births
Living people
Japanese male tennis players
Sportspeople from Okinawa Prefecture
People from Kawasaki, Kanagawa
The Bane of Llywelyn is an adventure module for the first edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy roleplaying game. The adventure was written by Bob Blake and published by TSR in 1985 as part of the Competition, or C-series of modules, and contains material first used in a tournament adventure at GenCon XVI. C5 The Bane of Llywelyn continues the story that started in C4 To Find a King.
Plot summary
Two hundred years before the start of the adventure, the royal line of kings of Pellham was deposed and replaced by a High Council. The current council is well-meaning but hopelessly incompetent. Excitement and unrest grip the land of Pellham, and the people agree that a drastic change is needed for the kingdom to survive. An ancient Prophecy of Brie foretells that a king from the past will return to restore the kingdom. The symbols of the ancient kings have been recovered, the keys to the royal tomb are in hand, powerful magics to revive the long-dead king have been secured at great cost. The king's burial location remains unknown. The player characters must find where he is buried.
Publication history
C5 The Bane of Llywelyn was written by Bob Blake, with a cover by Keith Parkinson and interior illustrations by Ron Randall, and was published by TSR in 1985 as a 32-page booklet with two outer folders. It is a sequel to To Find a King, as the second of two adventures in the Prophecy of Brie series. The Bane of Llywelyn was used for the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons tournament which took place at GenCon XVI. The C in the module code represents the first letter in the word competition, the name of C1–C6 module series. The four parts of C5 were originally published as separate mini-modules included in issue Nos. 16–19 of the RPGA's Polyhedron newsletter: RPGA5 The Riddle of Dolmen Moor, RPGA6 The Incants of Ishcabeble, RPGA7 Llewelyn's Tomb, and RPGA8 ...And the Gods Will Have Their Way.
Reception
Mark Davies reviewed the module in Imagine magazine, giving it a positive review. He noted that it is more flexible than C4 and can be used without that module, even in a campaign setting. The Bane of Llywelyn contains four scenarios comprising both dungeon and wilderness elements, and introduces two new monsters and one new weapon. Davies pointed out that it is "above average in conception" with "a lot of good ideas". However, he suggested the module be used for 4–7 player characters of level 6–8, as he considered one of the scenarios too tough. Davies viewed some of the puzzles and riddles as "obtuse", noting that successful tournament play in the US "depends more on high IQ than on role playing". His main criticism was aimed at the maps—their poor quality or, for the final scenario, the total lack thereof. Pointing out that it could be easily transplanted from its original Celtic setting into another cultural environment, Davies viewed it as "a good idea module", but not one that could be played without work on the game master's part.
See also
List of Dungeons & Dragons modules
References
Dungeons & Dragons modules
The Fourth Dynasty of ancient Egypt (notated Dynasty IV) is characterized as a "golden age" of the Old Kingdom of Egypt. Dynasty IV lasted from to 2494 BC. It was a time of peace and prosperity as well as one during which trade with other countries is documented.
The Fourth Dynasty heralded the height of the pyramid-building age. The relative peace of the Third Dynasty allowed the Dynasty IV rulers the leisure to explore more artistic and cultural pursuits. King Sneferu's building experiments led to the evolution from the mastaba-styled step pyramids to the smooth sided “true” pyramids, such as those on the Giza Plateau. No other period in Egypt's history equaled Dynasty IV's architectural accomplishments. Each of the rulers of this dynasty (except for Shepseskaf, the last) commissioned at least one pyramid to serve as a tomb or cenotaph.
The Fourth Dynasty was the second of four dynasties that made up the "Old Kingdom". King Sneferu, the first king of the Fourth Dynasty, held territory from ancient Libya in the west to the Sinai Peninsula in the east, to Nubia in the south. It was a successful period and this era is known for its advancement and concentrated government, as seen in the organized building of pyramids and other monuments.
Knowledge of the Old Kingdom comes mainly from these structures and objects discovered in the desert cemeteries of Giza.
Rulers
Summary
Sneferu
Sneferu, lauded as "Bringer of Beauty", "Master of All Justice", and "Ruler of Lower and Upper Nile", was the first pharaoh of the fourth dynasty. He descended from a family in Middle Egypt that lived near Hermopolis, and most likely ascended to the throne by marrying a royal heiress. There is still debate as to who his father was, with the credit often being given to Huni, but this cannot be confirmed due to the break in dynasties. His mother, Meresankh I was either a lesser wife or concubine of Huni.
Egypt in the Third Millennium BC was, by all accounts, a land of peace and plenty. Elites commonly ate fattened ducks and geese, and they wore fine white linens.
Until his reign, Egyptian kings were thought to be worldly incarnations of Horus, obtaining total deification exclusively in death. Sneferu was the first king to proclaim that he was the embodiment of Ra, another sun deity. Khufu would pursue his father's path, taking the name Son of the Sun God.
On the whole, Egypt was ruled by two centers of power—legal authority and traditional authority. Legal authority constituted governing by the king, not over the people directly, but via viziers and nomarchs. Traditional authority was derived from the concept that the deities gave a king the divine right to rule as he pleased. At its heart, the Fourth Dynasty Egyptian government became organized so that only the king could direct traditional authority.
The Bent Pyramid was Sneferu's first attempt at building a perfect structure, but it slopes and eventually bends to a lower angle, giving the structure a squished look. His Red Pyramid is widely considered the first true pyramid and earned its name from the reddish tint in the limestone used. The Red Pyramid was considered the first pyramid, approximately 150 years after the structures built by King Djoser. The Red Pyramid was the first to be given a solid foundation so that it was stable enough for a taller building. He is also said to be responsible for a series of pyramids built in Seila. He commissioned a total of three pyramids, but there are records that point to a fourth. Although he did not construct any of the pyramids at Giza, he is known as the king who moved the most stone and brick. A lot of Sneferu's political expeditions were to other countries to secure two things: a substantial labor force and access to a large store of materials. He traveled to Nubia and Libya for these things. His incursions in these areas allowed Sneferu to secure a large labor force, so large, in fact, that it caused huge devastation to the raided countries. He also needed cattle and other food sources to provide to the people building his pyramids. By the end of his military efforts, he managed to capture 11,000 prisoners and 13,100 head of cattle.
Khufu
Khufu, known to the Greek as Cheops, and Sneferu's successor—though it is unclear whether he was the biological son of Sneferu—was a widely known king. He is still known very well in present-day media, being featured in movies, novels, and television shows. His fame stems from his pyramid on the northeastern plateau at Giza, where he was buried. His mortuary temple was built on the northern end of the pyramid, which is no longer accessible due to ravages by grave robbers. Only three-dimensional reliefs have been recovered and have lasted into modern day, including many limestone busts and clay figurines. Khufu's activities in and out of Egypt are not well documented (except his architecture work) and was highly romanticized by the Ancient Greeks. These Greeks felt that Khufu was a wicked man who offended the deities and forced his subjects into slavery. Khufu, as the son of Sneferu, was believed to be illegitimate and therefore unworthy of the throne. Even if he was Sneferu's true son, he did very little to expand the country of Egypt and failed to follow his father's footsteps. There are only a few records that stated he was involved in any political activities. The best guess historians can make is that there is evidence of construction of a harbor on the coast of the Red Sea that was excavated by John Gardner Wilkinson and James Burton in 1823.
Djedefre
Djedefre is credited by historians with a reign of eight years. Not much is known of Djedefre, including his inconclusive lineage. It is possible that he is Khufu's son or that he was Khufu's brother. It is widely suggested that he is the son of a lesser queen who murdered the rightful heir to the throne and Djedefre's half brother, the crown prince Kawab. Djedefre chose to build his pyramid several kilometers north of Giza, creating speculation that there was a family feud that caused Djedefre to want to be far away from Khufu's tomb. A more favorable conclusion was that Djedef chose to be buried closer to Iunu, the center of the cult of Ra. His pyramid also features a statue of his wife, Hetepheres II, in the form of a sphinx. She was a daughter of Khufu and had been the wife of Kawab. It is sometimes suggested that this was the first true sphinx, although there is debate about the sphinx at Giza that was credited to Khafre. She became the longest living royal member of the dynasty, living into the reign of Shepseskaf.
Khafre
Khafre, son of Khufu, succeeded his supposed brother, Djedefre, after his short reign. He chose to build his pyramid close to his father, matching it in style and being almost as large. At the front of the pyramid causeway lies the Great Sphinx that is said to bear his features. There is still debate on whether his Sphinx was erected before Djedefre's. Khafre's sphinx was well-known and closer to his subjects, making it harder to determine which was built first due to biased record keeping.
Menkaure
Like many kings in this dynasty, the length of Menkaure's reign is uncertain, being projected for more than 63 years but it can certainly be an exaggeration. Menkaure succeeded his father, King Khafre. His pyramid is the third and smallest of those at Giza pyramid complex and is known as Netjer-er-Menkaure, which translates into "Menkaure is Divine". There was a sarcophagus found within the pyramid, that is approximately eight feet in length and three feet in height, made of basalt. Like many of the previous pyramids, Menkaure's was not inscribed, the interior having no record keeping of any kind.
Shepseskaf
Shepseskaf is generally accepted as the last king of the Fourth Dynasty, succeeding Menkaure. There is no conclusive evidence of who his mother is, though it is believed that he was the son of a minor queen. Who his wife was also is unknown. Shepseskaf broke the chain of pyramid building by the previous five kings. Instead of a triangular pyramid, he chose to construct a rectangular block, commonly known as the Mastabat al-Fir'aun ("Pharaoh's Bench"). In like fashion, however, little script was found inside his tomb and he was buried in very simple terms.
Other notable individuals
Baka
The identification of Baka is unresolved. Several ancient lists of kings have survived. They do not agree, however, and none of them may be considered complete. The Turin King List has a lacuna between Khafre and Menkaure, where the author had listed a king who reigned between these two pharaohs. The name of the king and length of the reign are completely lost in the lacuna.
The Saqqara Tablet also notes a king between Khafre and Menkaure, but here too, the name is lost.
Some authorities have equated this king with Bikheris, on Manetho's list, who could correspond to the Egyptian name Baka or Bakare.
Khentkaus I
Perhaps the most intriguing evidence of the fourth dynasty is the status of Khentkaus I, also known as Khentykawes. She was a daughter of Menkaure and her tomb was built along the Menkaure causeway. She may have ruled as king.
Her tomb is a large mastaba tomb, with another off-center mastaba placed above it. The second mastaba could not be centered over her primary mastaba because of the free, unsupported, space in the rooms below.
On a granite doorway leading into her tomb, Khentkaus I is given titles that may be read either as mother of two kings of upper and lower Egypt, as mother of the king of upper and lower Egypt and king of upper and lower Egypt, or, as one scholar reads it, king of upper and lower Egypt and mother of two kings of upper and lower Egypt.
Furthermore, her depiction on this doorway also gives her the full trappings of kingship, including the false beard of the king. This depiction and the title given have led some Egyptologists to suggest that she reigned as king near the end of the fourth dynasty.
Her tomb was finished in a characteristic niche style of architecture, however, the niches were later filled in with a smooth casing of limestone.
Age of the Pyramids
The Age of the Pyramids refers to the fact that the Fourth Dynasty was the time when most of the well-known pyramids were built, which include those at Giza. King Sneferu was the first king to express an interest in funerary rites and tombs, which led him to the planning of the largest pyramid at Egypt. His first pyramids were called the Bent Pyramid and Red Pyramid. The "Age of the Pyramids" was not just about the building of large and easily recognizable structures, but also a change in funerary practices and rituals. This includes the burying of elites in large structures and the use of extensive mummification.
Religious changes
The Fourth Dynasty is where we truly see a shift in religious practices where worship of the Sun was commonplace. The Cult of Ra grew in size, going back to the fact that Djedef's tomb was built closer to the center of worship in what the Ancient Greeks called Heliopolis. It was a delta city near contemporary Cairo that had been occupied since the predynastic times, whose ancient Egyptian name was I͗wnw or Iunu and meant the pillars.
During the era when centralization of the nation's material, organic, and human resources began to develop, a relationship of the king to the deities became unchallenged and kings began carving their names into statues and monuments that previously had been reserved for deities. This speaks to a type of god complex on part of the kings. Khafre's famous statue, where a falcon was incorporated into his headgear, equated the king to the god Horus.
This fact, however, caused controversy. It was pitting Khafre's allegiance to Horus against the growing Cult of Ra, not far away in Helipolis. Kings no longer associated pyramids with the afterlife. The afterlife was once believed to be a divine kingdom that was represented as a type of idealistic heaven where only kings and pure hearts could go. Instead, the Fourth Dynasty represented a change in this idea, formulated the notion that the afterlife was a familiar place, taking the semblance of Earth. Religious rituals were notoriously conservative, from what historians know, and there is much to be desired from current known records.
Changing customs drove architectural changes
The Old Kingdom saw a rise in the preservation of the deceased, making the preparation of bodies much more complex. The position of embalmer was created, and their jobs were solely to prepare a corpse in private. There were three ways to mummify a body: 1) Stucco: the body would be wrapped in fine linen and then covered in stucco plaster, the features of the body (including the face) were remodeled in the plaster; 2) Linen: the body would be wrapped in linen, which was sometimes treated with natron (a mixture of multiple sodium carbonates) and the linens would be treated with resin so that the features of the body could be modeled; and 3) Defleshing: removing all flesh and wrapping the bones in linens. Generally, organs were removed which were then put into jars that would accompany the body in the tomb, and the inside of the body flushed out.
Tombs in the Fourth Dynasty changed drastically. "Unimpressive" graves did not satisfy the elites, meaning they would settle for smaller structures if the interior was decorated. Hieroglyphic writings were important to elites because, one, it was a lavish display of wealth and, two, it guided their souls to the afterlife. The Fourth Dynasty, however, did not have these writings. Instead, the tomb was deeper and super-structures were larger. After the Giza pyramid complex, later generations of tombs were more reasonably sized. After the Middle Kingdom, royals abandoned pyramids; they preferred graves that were carved into living rock of the Upper Egyptian mountains.
Timeline
Fourth Dynasty timeline
See also
Egyptian Fourth Dynasty Family Tree
References
States and territories established in the 3rd millennium BC
States and territories disestablished in the 3rd millennium BC
04
3rd millennium BC in Egypt
3rd-millennium BC establishments in Egypt
3rd-millennium BC disestablishments in Egypt
Jacques Decrion (born 18 November 1961) is a French former professional racing cyclist. He rode in one edition of the Tour de France, two editions of the Giro d'Italia and three editions of the Vuelta a España.
References
External links
1961 births
Living people
French male cyclists
Sportspeople from Besançon
Cyclists from Bourgogne-Franche-Comté
Azad Zal (1972, Diyarbakır) is a poet, writer, journalist, translator and linguist of Kurdish origin. He was born in 1972 in Sur district (Diyarbakır). He is the vice chairman of the Kurdish Writers' Association and he is section editor of the Kurdish Institute in Diyarbakır.
His first poems had published in 1990, he had been into prison for 12 years because of his political works. He was an editor of Azadiya Welat between 2005–2006 and at the same time he made editorial Kurdish works for History Academy of the Middle East. He's worked as a publisher at the Kurdish Instutie in Diyarbakır between 2006–2009, and he was an editor of Kurdish literary magazine “W” after Sîdar Jîr and Dilawer Zeraq. Since 2007 he serves as the vice president of the Kurdish Writers' Association.
Books
Teşî (Spindal), Weşanên AVA (AVA Publications), Amed, June 2009.
Zimanê Kurdî (Kurdish Language), The Kurdish Institute of Amed, Amed September-2009.
Sûzê û Hirç (Sûzê and Bear), Municipality Kayapınar Publications (Folk Tales), Amed 2009. Rêwî'' (Fare), Weşanên AVA (AVA Publications), Amed, October 2010.
References
The Kurdish Institute of Amed
People from Diyarbakır
Turkish Kurdish people
Kurdish-language writers
1972 births
Living people
Earache: Extreme Metal Racing is a budget Vehicular Combat title from UK developer Data Design Interactive and Metro 3D. It incorporates an Extreme metal music soundtrack from artists signed on the Earache Records record label as players race. It has been released on the PC and PlayStation 2. The PC version of the game was packaged in an Earache Compilation set called Worldwide Metal.
Game Modes
Single Race - Single race offers straightforward competitive action on any of the tracks.
Time Trial - The player races against their own previous times on a map.
Challenge - A series of 3 successive races. After each race, points are awarded according to the finished position. The player with the most points at the end is the tournament winner.
Death Match - Free-for-all deathmatch. Each player has 3 lives and once they have been destroyed, they are removed from the game.
Zombie Massacre - Players compete to destroy zombies.
Death Race - To win, all competitors must be destroyed before they complete a lap of the track.
References
External links
Worldwide Metal
2006 video games
PlayStation 2 games
PlayStation Portable games
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
Windows games
Vehicular combat games
François-Pierre Blin or Pierre-François Blin, was born in Rennes on 8 June 1756, and died on 4 November 1834 in Chantenay-sur-Loire. He was a doctor and politician, and member of the Estates-General of 1789.
1756 births
1834 deaths
Politicians from Rennes
Politicians of the Ancien Régime in France
18th-century French physicians
19th-century French physicians
Jacobins
Chevaliers of the Légion d'honneur
Medical educators
University of Nantes faculty
University of Montpellier alumni
Maximilian Götz (born 4 February 1986) is a German racing driver. He has competed in such series as International Formula Master and the Formula 3 Euro Series. He won the 2003 Formula BMW ADAC season, taking six victories. He also won the 2021 Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters by finishing three points ahead of Liam Lawson in the drivers' championship.
Career
IMSA SportsCar Championship
On January 5, 2022, Alegra Motorsports announced that Götz would compete alongside Linus Lundqvist, Daniel Morad and Michael de Quesada in the #28 Mercedes for the 2022 24 Hours of Daytona.
Racing record
Career summary
† Guest driver ineligible to score points
Complete Formula 3 Euro Series record
(key)
† Driver did not finish the race, but was classified as he completed over 90% of the race distance.
‡ As Götz was a guest driver, he was ineligible for championship points.
Complete GT World Challenge Sprint Cup results
Complete Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
* Season still in progress.
Complete IMSA SportsCar Championship results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position; results in italics indicate the fastest lap)
References
External links
Stat results on Racing Years
1986 births
Living people
People from Ochsenfurt
Sportspeople from Lower Franconia
German racing drivers
Formula BMW ADAC drivers
Formula 3 Euro Series drivers
International Formula Master drivers
Racing drivers from Bavaria
Blancpain Endurance Series drivers
ADAC GT Masters drivers
24 Hours of Spa drivers
Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters drivers
24H Series drivers
Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters champions
Nürburgring 24 Hours drivers
WeatherTech SportsCar Championship drivers
Mercedes-AMG Motorsport drivers
Mücke Motorsport drivers
Kolles Racing drivers
RC Motorsport drivers
HWA Team drivers
Strakka Racing drivers
ISR Racing drivers
Angelo Brocato's Italian Ice Cream Parlor (often called Brocato's) is a family-owned ice cream parlor located in the Mid-City neighborhood of New Orleans, Louisiana. Founded in 1905, it is regarded as a New Orleans institution. Severely damaged by flooding after Hurricane Katrina, its 2006 reopening was reported as a significant advance in the rebuilding of the Mid-City area.
History
Angelo Brocato was born in Cefalù, in Sicily, and at the age of 12 became an apprentice at an ice cream shop in Palermo. He later came to the United States; after opening a small ice cream store on Decatur Street, in 1905 he opened a larger ice cream parlor in the 500 block of Ursulines Street in the French Quarter. In 1921 the establishment moved to a larger space at 617 Ursulines, a white-tiled space with ceiling fans, modeled after fashionable parlors in Palermo. (The pastry and coffee shop Croissant d'Or now occupies this site, complete with its tiled walls.) This area of the French Quarter was an ethnic Italian neighborhood at the time, but the Italian population moved away over the years.
Angelo Brocato died in 1946. The business continued under his wife and children. Angelo Brocato, Jr, died in 1982; the store is now run by his son, Arthur Brocato, along with other family members.
The Ursulines store remained open until 1981; Brocato's also maintained a presence on Jackson Square for some years thereafter. The present location in Mid-City, near the corner of North Carrollton Avenue and Canal Street, was purchased in 1978.
Brocato's expanded its facilities in 2003 and celebrated its centennial in July 2005. Two months later, Brocato's Mid-City neighborhood found itself under five feet of water when the city's flood control systems failed after Hurricane Katrina. The store was severely damaged and for a time it was reported that it might not return. The store did finally reopen in September 2006. Welcomed by large crowds, the reopening was reported as an important step in the rebuilding of the Mid-City neighborhood.
In 2007, the Chef John Folse Culinary Institute at Nicholls State University gave the staff and owners of Brocato's its Lafcadio Hearn Award, which "honors individuals who have had a long-term, positive influence on Louisiana and U.S. cuisine and culture".
In the pilot episode of the HBO television series Treme, set in New Orleans three months after Hurricane Katrina, the character Creighton Bernette declines an offer of lemon ice at another (fictional) restaurant, saying that he would feel disloyal to eat lemon ice anywhere else while Brocato's was still closed. In the first episode of the second season, set in November 2006, Bernette's wife and daughter are shown eating, and talking with the real-life Angelo Brocato III, at the now-reopened Brocato's.
Desserts
Angelo Brocato's first product was torroncino, a cinnamon-almond gelato. Brocato's still serves it in the same sliced-block form as in 1905. The business now sells a variety of gelati, Italian ices, cannoli, cookies, and other desserts. According to the Brocato's website, lemon ice is the "best-seller".
References
External links
Erroll Laborde, "Understanding Brocato's", New Orleans Magazine, August 2005.
Restaurants in New Orleans
Ice cream parlors in the United States
1905 establishments in Louisiana
Restaurants established in 1905
Todt Ridge () is a partially snow-covered ridge, 3 nautical miles (6 km) long, lying 5 nautical miles (9 km) east of Mount Mentzel at the east end of the Gruber Mountains of Queen Maud Land. Discovered by the German Antarctic Expedition, 1938–39, under Captain Alfred Ritscher. Named for Herbert Todt, an assistant to Ritscher who served as home secretary for the expedition.
Ridges of Queen Maud Land
Princess Astrid Coast
Sir Walter Devereux (1591–26 July 1641) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1614 and 1641. Walter was a close companion of his half-brother, Robert Devereux, 3rd Earl of Essex, and played a significant role in Essex's actions on behalf of Parliament.
Childhood and Ancestry
Devereux was the son of Robert Devereux, 2nd Earl of Essex and his mistress, Elizabeth Southwell. Elizabeth Southwell was the daughter of Thomas Southwell of Woodrising and his third wife, Nazareth Newton, and the half-sister of Vice Admiral Sir Robert Southwell.
The Earl acknowledged his son and made financial arrangements on his behalf with an addendum to his will in July 1595, "Walter Devereux the base and reputed sonne of the said Robt Erle of Essex, begotten of the body of Eliz: Southwell." The intent of the deed is thought to have been the granting of Essex House to Walter Devereux, but there is no evidence this disposition actually occurred. His only reported manor was that of Lamphey in Pembrokeshire, which comprised just 721 acres and yielded a little over £203 in rents each year. He sold Lamphey manor to Richard Cuny in November 1618, whereupon his half-brother, Robert, 3rd earl of Essex, bestowed upon him the lease of Lamphey rectory. The lack of adequate means was probably the principal cause that Devereux spent most of his adult life in Essex's household in Staffordshire and Westminster, and although he persistently described himself as being ‘of Lamphey' there is no evidence to suppose that he ever lived there.
Walter was given over to the care of Essex's mother, Lettice (Knollys) (Devereux) Dudley, Countess of Leicester, who raised him at Drayton Bassett in Staffordshire. With the execution of his father, Robert Devereux, on 25 February 1601 he found himself stripped of his main source of support. Essex's assets had been seized, and now Walter Devereux was an even greater social pariah, the illegitimate son of a traitor.
During this period after the 2nd Earl's execution, Walter was permitted to continue his studies at Oxford, and matriculated from Queen's College, Oxford on 16 November 1604 at the age of 13. During this time he apparently drew closer to his half-brother, Robert Devereux, the legal heir of the 2nd Earl and future 3rd Earl who also was suffering from these losses. Throughout the remainder of Walter's life, he would remain a retainer of Robert, and when the title was restored in July 1603 Walter's fortunes rose as well.
Career
Walter Devereux was sent in 1608 to a riding academy in Angers, France. He had returned by May 1613 when the divorce suit of his half-brother, Robert Devereux, began, and over the next several months was manipulated by the King and his powerful allies at the expense of Essex and the Devereux family's reputation. Essex's wife, Frances Howard, and the King's faction forced the divorce to be granted as nullity requiring impotence to permit her remarriage to the King's favorite. The ongoing slurs and insults drove Essex to challenge his brother-in-law, Henry Howard, on 20 August to a duel, and Walter would serve as one of Essex's seconds. The King would not allow the duel to go forward. On 25 September the verdict of nullity was granted, and the next day the King called a special Court of Honor to stop the duel. The Court interviewed the seconds including Walter Devereux, but the testimony was altered. Essex refused to sign the report indicating they were false. Walter signed with Richard Oubeley the following "Declaration of Essex's Seconds":
Whereas there has been a new relation of the quarrel betwixt my Lord of Essex and Mr. Henry Howard, after his Majesty had reconciled them, made by the four seconds before Sir Horatio Vere and Sir John Wentworth, and the same being drawn into the brief by Mr. Horton, one that was secretary to the last Lord Treasurer, and we're setting our hands thereto, not reading it, but only hearing it read, not mistrusting anything, but to find just dealing, have since seen a copy thereof, which we find contrary to that which was then agreed upon, and merely false in some main points; we have a sight of the original copy for our satisfaction, not to satisfy the world, for the which we do unjustly suffer a hard censure.
Be it known, therefore, to all men, that we do utterly disclaim from any such writing. And whereas we have been hitherto tender and sparing of their reputations, now, finding that they have put this trick upon us, we do publish to the world no writing but the first to be true - to which we have only set our hands - and they have acknowledged to be true before Sir Horatio Vere and Sir Jno. Wentworth, and at divers other times to others; and so true, as they neither can nor dare deny it, in which is plain to be seen they might have fought if they would. And thus much we will be ready to justify, upon the sacrament first, and then with our swords.
On 11 October Essex was called before the Privy Council, probably reprimanded and rebuked, but all that is known for certain was his confinement to his London residence. A Warrant was issued for Walter Devereux, and on 13 October he was imprisoned in the Fleet Prison with no cause stated. In early November, Essex and Walter were released from prison, and evidently pressured to accept what had occurred. The final insult happened a few weeks later when the Howard family demanded his wife's dowry back, and Essex was forced to sell parts of his estate and borrow money from his grandmother, Lettice the Countess of Leicester.
The two brothers were now joined more closely, and as a retainer of the 3rd Earl of Essex, Walter found himself strongly in opposition to the Stuart monarchy, and a staunch supporter of Parliament in the evolving Civil War. Through Essex's influence, he became a courtier at the Court of James I in 1613, and was knighted at Ashby-de-la-Zouch, Leicestershire on 2 September 1617 during the King's progress through Stafford. On 2 February 1618 he performed in "The Fairies' Farewell: The Masque at Coleorton" at his half-sister, Frances Devereux's marriage to Sir William Seymour.
Essex set out for the Low Countries in 1620 with 300 volunteers in his company, and commissioned Walter Devereux to act as his agent while abroad. 31 August 1620 Essex crossed the Rhine by a bridge of boats below Wesel and joined Prince Henry of Nassau. Over the next month they maneuvered through the Palatinate, but the Prince refused to engage the enemy. Essex returned to England in December 1620 to try to obtain additional troops that were promised him, but failed leading to his volunteering for service under Prince Maurice, at the "leaguer of Dernick." Essex spent the summers of 1622 and 1623 with the army in Holland, and it can be expected that Walter attended him there. Also, as Essex wintered in England during these years either at Drayton, Chartley, or one of the Earl of Hertford's houses, Walter probably traveled with him there as well. At Drayton they visited their grandmother Lady Leicester, who favored having masques (plays) for their entertainment. Other pastimes included hunting, and games such as chess or catastrophe.
When Essex set out with the English Expeditionary Force to the Low Countries in August 1624, Walter accompanied him as a captain of the foot in Essex's regiment. He remained with Essex through the Winter at the Siege of Breda and shared the hardships and hand-to-hand combat occurring at the close of this action. In May 1625 he opted to remain in the Low Countries due to disease in London, and requested payment for this extended service from the Dutch government in May 1626. Walter Devereux returned to England in July 1625 for Parliamentary elections, and may have returned to the Low Countries with Essex who finally returned to England in November 1626 for good after failing to be given an appropriate command with the troops being sent to join the King of Denmark under General Morgan.
On 25 December 1634 Walter Devereux lost one of his main benefactors when his grandmother, Lettice, died. His family ties were further strained when in mid-1636 his half-brother, Robert Earl of Essex, became suspicious his second wife, Elizabeth Paulet, was having an affair. He had left her at his sister's house in Hertford in March 1636 to return to his estates at Chartley where he was needed to manage his affairs. It is not clear whether Walter took it upon himself, or Robert set him the task, but by July Walter had acquired evidence of Essex's wife's affair with Sir William Uvedale. The Earl began to plan for a divorce, but Lady Essex then announced she was pregnant. Essex was divided on the proper course to take, but came to the conclusion that if the child was born by 5 November it was possible that he was the father. A stressful few months passed and the child was born on 5 November. A son and heir, who Essex accepted as his own. Within a few months the child died of plague and Essex's marriage was over in all but name.
The outcome of these events appears to have also left its mark on Robert's relationship with his brother, Walter, and they would never be as close again.
Parliament
In 1614, he was elected Member of Parliament for Pembroke. The ‘Addled Parliament' sat for only 8 weeks from 5 April to 7 June and then was dissolved by James I for failing to pass any legislation.
Walter would represent Pembroke again in the 'Happy Parliament' from 1624 to 1625 participating in the "Prince's" Parliament, but was not present at the 'Useless Parliament' in 1625 probably due to his overseas service. It was probably this Devereux who was named to the committee for the bill to authorize the sale of the Staffordshire lands of the two Thomas Copes, father and son (16 March 1624). It also seems likely that it was he who attended one of the four committee meetings concerned with the bill to reverse a decree in the Court of Requests involving two Welshmen, as he was appointed by virtue of being a Member for a Welsh constituency. However, it is unclear which Devereux was named to consider the bills to naturalize James, marquess of Hamilton (14 April 1424) and overturn a Chancery decree concerning Edward Egerton (27 April 1424).
Returning to England in July 1625, Walter was elected to Parliament for Tamworth in Staffordshire on 20 January 1626. He was appointed to the Warwickshire Committee for Peace that same year.
In 1628 he was present in Parliament as the junior burgess for Tamworth to support the ‘Petition of Rights' forced on Charles I acknowledging a statement of civil rights in return for support of his finances. In February 1628 he was appointed to help draft a bill to regulate the lieutenancy (24 March 1628) and to consider a measure aimed at preventing bribery and the purchase of judicial office (23 January 1629).
In 1639 the First Bishops' War broke out between Charles I and the Scottish Church. Essex participated, but unlike the previous conflict there is no record that Walter accompanied him. When Parliament was summoned by Charles I on 20 February 1640, Walter Devereux was elected to Commons for Lichfield in East Staffordshire. On 13 April the ‘Short Parliament' began, but it was dissolved on 5 May after refusing to grant the King money.
As the Second Bishops War ended in disaster, Charles I summoned parliament again on 24 September and Walter Devereux was a member for Lichfield once more. The ‘Long Parliament' began on 3 November 1640 and Walter Devereux served on the Ship Money Committee and was named one of the Commissioners for Staffordshire in the Scandalous Ministers Act. He continued to be active in Parliament's cause throughout 1641 when he died unexpectedly on 26 July.
Marriage
Walter Devereux's grandmother, Lettice Dudley Countess of Leicester, wrote to Robert Cecil, 1st Earl of Salisbury, in 1608 to assist in arranging his marriage to "Lady Stallenge's daughter"." This is most likely the daughter of Lady Florence Stallenge. She had two daughters, Margaret and Elizabeth by Sir Christopher Kenn. After he died in 1593, Florence married her second husband, Nicholas Stallenge. The daughter most likely referred to in the letter was Margaret who ended up marrying Sir William Guise in 1608, and died before 1612 after bearing him a single son and heir. Her younger sister, Elizabeth, would marry a few years later to Sir John Paulet. There is no clear evidence that Walter Devereux married.
Death
Devereux died intestate suddenly on 26 July 1641 at Essex House in the Strand. He was buried nearby in the church of St. Clement Danes.
General Reference
Devereux, Walter Bourchier. “Lives and Letters of the Devereux, Earls of Essex.” (London:J Murray, 1853)
Snow, Vernon F. Essex the Rebel: The Life of Robert Devereux, the Third Earl of Essex, 1591-1646. University of Nebraska Press, 1970. 531 pages
Thrush, Andrew (editor) and John P. Ferris (editor). "DEVEREUX, Walter (c.1591-1641), of Lamphey, Pemb., Essex House, The Strand, Westminster and Chartley, Staffs." The History of Parliament: the House of Commons 1604–1629. (Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 2010)
References
1591 births
1641 deaths
Members of the Parliament of England (pre-1707) for constituencies in Wales
Alumni of The Queen's College, Oxford
People from Pembroke, Pembrokeshire
Place of birth missing
People from Lichfield
Walter
English MPs 1614
English MPs 1624–1625
English MPs 1626
English MPs 1628–1629
English MPs 1640 (April)
English MPs 1640–1648
Killik, Döşemealtı is a village in the District of Antalya, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Antalya District
In imaging science, difference of Gaussians (DoG) is a feature enhancement algorithm that involves the subtraction of one Gaussian blurred version of an original image from another, less blurred version of the original. In the simple case of grayscale images, the blurred images are obtained by convolving the original grayscale images with Gaussian kernels having differing width (standard deviations). Blurring an image using a Gaussian kernel suppresses only high-frequency spatial information. Subtracting one image from the other preserves spatial information that lies between the range of frequencies that are preserved in the two blurred images. Thus, the DoG is a spatial band-pass filter that attenuates frequencies in the original grayscale image that are far from the band center.
Mathematics of difference of Gaussians
Given an m-channel, n-dimensional image
The difference of Gaussians (DoG) of the image is the function
obtained by subtracting the image convolved with the Gaussian of variance from the image convolved with a Gaussian of narrower variance , with . In one dimension, is defined as:
and for the centered two-dimensional case:
which is formally equivalent to:
which represents an image convoluted to the difference of two Gaussians, which approximates a Mexican hat function.
The relation between the difference of Gaussians operator and the Laplacian of the Gaussian operator (the Mexican hat wavelet) is explained in appendix A in Lindeberg (2015).
Details and applications
As a feature enhancement algorithm, the difference of Gaussians can be utilized to increase the visibility of edges and other detail present in a digital image. A wide variety of alternative edge sharpening filters operate by enhancing high frequency detail, but because random noise also has a high spatial frequency, many of these sharpening filters tend to enhance noise, which can be an undesirable artifact. The difference of Gaussians algorithm removes high frequency detail that often includes random noise, rendering this approach one of the most suitable for processing images with a high degree of noise. A major drawback to application of the algorithm is an inherent reduction in overall image contrast produced by the operation.
When utilized for image enhancement, the difference of Gaussians algorithm is typically applied when the size ratio of kernel (2) to kernel (1) is 4:1 or 5:1. In the example images to the right, the sizes of the Gaussian kernels employed to smooth the sample image were 10 pixels and 5 pixels.
The algorithm can also be used to obtain an approximation of the Laplacian of Gaussian when the ratio of size 2 to size 1 is roughly equal to 1.6. The Laplacian of Gaussian is useful for detecting edges that appear at various image scales or degrees of image focus. The exact values of sizes of the two kernels that are used to approximate the Laplacian of Gaussian will determine the scale of the difference image, which may appear blurry as a result.
Differences of Gaussians have also been used for blob detection in the scale-invariant feature transform. In fact, the DoG as the difference of two Multivariate normal distribution has always a total null sum and convolving it with a uniform signal generates no response. It approximates well a second derivate of Gaussian (Laplacian of Gaussian) with K~1.6 and the receptive fields of ganglion cells in the retina with K~5. It may easily be used in recursive schemes and is used as an operator in real-time algorithms for blob detection and automatic scale selection.
More information
In its operation, the difference of Gaussians algorithm is believed to mimic how neural processing in the retina of the eye extracts details from images destined for transmission to the brain.
See also
Marr–Hildreth algorithm
Treatment of the difference of Gaussians approach in blob detection.
Blob detection
Gaussian pyramid
Scale space
Scale-invariant feature transform
References
Further reading
Notes by Bryan S. Morse on Edge Detection and Gaussian related mathematics from the University of Edinburgh.
Continuous wavelets
Feature detection (computer vision)
Grauert is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Hans Grauert (1930–2011), German mathematician
Héctor Grauert (1907–1991), Uruguayan lawyer and politician
Julio César Grauert (1902–1933), Uruguayan journalist and politician
Ulrich Grauert (1889–1941), German Luftwaffe general
Annovka () is a rural locality (a village) in Nizhnekaryshevsky Selsoviet, Baltachevsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 71 as of 2010. There are 3 streets.
Geography
Annovka is located 23 km south of Starobaltachevo (the district's administrative centre) by road. Nizhnekaryshevo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Baltachevsky District
Eubranchus cingulatus is a species of sea slug or nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Eubranchidae. It is considered by some authors to be synonymous with Eubranchus vittatus.
Taxonomic history
This species was described as Eolis hystrix by Alder & Hancock in 1842. They replaced this name with Eolis cingulata in 1847 as it was already in use. Their decision was upheld in 1996 by the ICZN. Although Otto's work was found to be invalid Eolis hystrix was declared a junior primary homonym of Eolidia hystrix Otto, 1821 and placed on the Official Index of Rejected and Invalid Specific Names in Zoology. (Opinion 774). Name No. 869.
Distribution
This species was described from Cullercoats, England.
References
Eubranchidae
Gastropods described in 1847
Gordon Douglas McLennan (1914–1966) was an Australian professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1930s and 1940s. An Australia national and New South Wales state representative forward, he played his club football in Sydney for Newtown (with whom he won the 1943 NSWRFL Premiership), as well as in country New South Wales.
Playing career
A local Newtown junior player, McLennan came through the ranks to become a first grade player in 1934. A wharf laborer throughout his life, McLennan was a feared front-row forward who played with Newtown for ten seasons between 1934-1937 and 1940–1945. His representative career was only one appearance for New South Wales in 1937, although he was selected to tour with the 1937/38 Kangaroos and played 16 minor matches. He is listed on the Australian Players Register as Kangaroo No. 211.
The highlight of McLennan's club career was winning the 1943 Grand Final with Newtown, partnering the iconic Frank 'Bumper' Farrell in the front row. McLennan also had a stint as captain-coach of Cooma rugby league club in 1938–1939.
Death
McLennan died on 4 January 1966 from a heart attack, age 51.
References
1914 births
1966 deaths
Australian rugby league players
Australia national rugby league team players
Newtown Jets players
New South Wales rugby league team players
Rugby league players from Sydney
Country New South Wales rugby league team players
Rugby league props
"Why Tell Me, Why" is a 1981 song performed by Dutch singer Anita Meyer and it is one of her most notable songs. The song was composed by Piet Souer, Gregory Elias and Martin Duiser, and produced by Martin Duiser. It charted for 14 weeks.
Cover versions
The song was covered by Swedish singer Carola as "Säg mig var du står" for her debut album Främling (1983). This version has become a popular party song among millennials in Sweden in the early 2020s, and charted at number three on Sweden's Heatseeker chart.
The song was also covered by French singer Julie Pietri as "Je veux croire".
In 2019, Little Jinder covered the song on the Swedish reality TV series Så mycket bättre. It peaked at number 61 in Sweden.
In 2020, Carola released a new version of "Säg mig var du står" as a duet with Swedish singer Zara Larsson. While the original version never charted, the duet reached number 1 on the Svensktoppen. It also peaked at number two on the Sverigetopplistan and has been certified double platinum in Sweden. It was first performed live at Gröna Lund in Stockholm during the summer of 2020.
Further versions can be found at Hitparade.ch.
Other versions and remixes
The single has been remixed twice, first in 2009 by Offer Nissim and in 2011 by Dutch DJ Gailliano (with Meyer getting credit in the latter). The song is also sampled heavily in F.R.A.N.K.'s single "Discotex (Yah!)", which reached number one on Belgium's Ultratop 50 chart in January 2011.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
See also
List of Dutch Top 40 number-one singles of 1981
List of number-one hits of 1981 (Flanders)
References
Anita Meyer songs
1981 singles
Songs written by Piet Souer
1981 songs
Ariola Records singles
Carola Häggkvist songs
Zara Larsson songs
NextScribe is a non-profit a nonprofit corporation dedicated to creating a place on the Web that promotes spirituality, understanding and peace. It arose from a web design project developed in 1994 by then Brother Mary Aquinas Woodworth at the Monastery of Christ in the Desert in New Mexico.
The organization conducts research and development in the field of Computer Supported Spiritual Development (CSSD). NextScribe continues to conduct research in the field in partnership with both Catholic and Protestant organizations.
History
NextScribe has its roots at the Monastery of Christ in the Desert in New Mexico, which established a web design studio in 1995 and produced one of the first web sites on the topic of spirituality. The site was illustrated with watercolors by one of the monks. As a result of wide publicity over the period 1995–1997, the web site became known not only for its HTML programming, but for the beautiful artwork the monks worked into their pages, reminiscent of medieval illuminated text.
In 1996 the monastery's web project director and systems analyst, Brother Mary Aquinas Woodworth, traveled to Vatican City, where he served as a consultant to the Holy See. Initially intended as a means to supplement the monastery's income, the web scriptorium closed in 1998 when the volume of work began to overwhelm the community's monastic life. That same year Woodworth left the monastery and returned to secular life to explore the use of information technology in religion. Chancellor of the Archdiocese of Denver, Francis X. Maier, said, "In a sense, the Web isn't a very important issue at all when you look at poverty and violence, but in another sense, it's very important because it represents the new language that we can use to talk about all these other issues."
While there he clarified his mission to pursue the development of advanced technologies of CSSD that would enable the Church to reform its structure according to classical spiritual practices in the tradition of St. Benedict. NextScribe was founded in Vatican City in 1997 to pursue this objective.
Computer Supported Spiritual Development
Computer Supported Spiritual Development (CSSD) is a multidisciplinary study that can span research in multiuser gaming environments, sociology, psychology, spiritual life, artificial intelligence and other topics, but current research is most closely related to computer-supported collaboration as it applies to spiritual life and spiritual community. CSSD includes spiritual formation, but it is not limited to formation.
Research
Since its founding in 1997, NextScribe has conducted seminal research in CSSD in association with both Catholic and Protestant organizations.
Some of NextScribe's most important research was conducted in 2002–2003 in partnership with the multi-denominational Youth Ministry and Spirituality Project (YMSP), funded by the Lily Endowment.
Theology of work
Within the Benedictine tradition of ora et labora (prayer and work), NextScribe's mission was established upon a "Theology of Work" that was composed for the project in 1997. Accordingly, NextScribe conceives creative technological development as a process of union with God as Creator. As an integral companion to Prayerbuddy, NextScribe established the Industrial Theology project in order to explore the theological basis for work and creativity, the right disposition of organizations that support work, and spiritual practices that might complete the union of a worker with God as Creator.
Notes
References
External links
Prayerbuddy — A current NextScribe CSSD research project.
Industrial Theology — A project to explore work as an integral, sanctifying companion of prayer.
Community-building organizations
Duke Erik Birgersson (c. 1250 – 17 December 1275) was a Swedish duke of the House of Bjelbo (Folkungaätten).
Biography
His father was Birger Magnusson (Birger Jarl), Jarl of Sweden and de facto ruler of Sweden from 1250–66.
His mother was Ingeborg of Sweden, daughter of King Eric X of Sweden and sister of King Eric XI of Sweden.
In the conflict between his elder brothers, Valdemar and Magnus, he sided with Magnus. When Magnus had won and been proclaimed king in 1275, he made Erik, Duke of Småland. Erik died shortly thereafter and was buried at Varnhem Abbey together with his father and his father's second wife.
According to the Magnúss saga lagabœtis, Erik called himself "Eirek allz-ekki" because he had no title. Only when Magnus III became king did Erik change his title and call himself "Duke".
When Birger Jarl's grave in Varnhem Abbey was opened and examined in May 2002, osteologist Torbjörn Ahlström from Lund University confirmed that the tomb contained the remains of three people – probably Birger Jarl, his second wife Matilda of Holstein, and Erik. His father's skeleton shows that he was about 172 cm long, while Erik was a few inches longer but with a much thinner build. His muscular attachments were poorly developed. In the vertebrae and sternum there were some signs of pathological changes.
Ancestry
References
Other Sources
Rolf Pipping, Kommentar till Erikskrönikan (Helsingfors 1926).
Erik Birgersson, 1250–1275 Nordic Academic Press
Eric 1250
13th-century Swedish nobility
1250 births
1275 deaths
House of Bjelbo
Burials at Varnhem Abbey
Alberto Tavazzi (1912–2006) was an Italian painter, art director and occasional actor.
From 1939 Tavazzi began working on the design and construction of film sets. He was a friend of the director Roberto Rossellini, who cast him in the title role as a Catholic Priest in his 1943 war film The Man with a Cross. Tavazzi played a priest again in Rossellini's 1945 neorealist drama Rome, Open City.
Selected filmography
Art director
Equator (1939)
Toto and the King of Rome (1951)
Actor
The Man with a Cross (1943)
Rome, Open City (1945)
References
Bibliography
Bondanella, Peter. The Films of Roberto Rossellini. Cambridge University Press, 1993.
External links
1912 births
2006 deaths
Italian male film actors
Italian art directors
Male actors from Rome
20th-century Italian male actors
Libraries in Clackamas County (LINCC) is a consortium of the public libraries of Clackamas County, Oregon. It was established in 1977 when the first county-wide funding levy was approved by county voters. LINCC is a resource and revenue sharing network with a single library computer system.
The consortium remains distinct from the Library District of Clackamas County created by a ballot measure voted on during the 2008 general election.
Consortium
LINCC includes:
two locations operated by the county: Oak Grove (Oak Lodge) and Gladstone,
two branches operated by the city of Sandy: Sandy, Hoodland (in Welches)
the city libraries operated by Canby, Estacada, Happy Valley, Lake Oswego, Milwaukie (the Ledding Library), Molalla, Oregon City, West Linn, and Wilsonville.
The Happy Valley Library was originally opened as the Sunnyside branch of the Clackamas County Library in 2012 to replace the Clackamas Corner branch near the Clackamas Town Center. The county transferred the library to the City of Happy Valley effective July 1, 2015. The City of Gladstone transferred their local library to Clackamas County effective December 1, 2019.
The member libraries share an integrated library system which allows cooperative borrowing. Shared services, including cataloging, computer support, courier, and interlibrary loan, are coordinated by the Network Office, a department of the county government. The system currently offers nearly half a million titles, 1.2 million items, and serves over 200,000 members, who check out more than 6.2 million items each year.
Library District
In November 2008, Measure 3-310 was passed by Clackamas County voters, leading to the creation of a Library District that established permanent property tax-based funding for libraries in the county.
The cities of Damascus, Tualatin, and Johnson City opted out of the district's creation. In May 2010, a close vote by the small subset of Tualatin residents who are also Clackamas County residents meant that they would join the district. Following a petition signed by 300 Damascus residents, Damascus voters approved a measure to join the Clackamas County library district in November 2010.
References
External links
Clackamas County
Clackamas County
Library automation
Education in Clackamas County, Oregon
1997 establishments in Oregon
Library consortia
Çatköy is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çubuk District
Giulio Cavallari (born 24 January 1992) is an Italian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper. He has played in the fourth tier of football in Italy.
Biography
Born in Parma in the Emilia region, Cavallari started his career at the Parma club U.S. Audace. He was signed by the Veneto club Vicenza Calcio in 2010, along with Riccardo Santurro. He wore no.17 shirt for the club in 2011–12 Serie B. On 29 June 2012, Cavallari was swapped for Richard Gabriel Marcone of A.C. Siena. 50% registration rights for Cavallari were tagged for €768,000 and Marcone for €750,000. Cavallari was loaned to Bellaria – Igea Marina. He played few games in pre-season friendlies and three times in 2012–13 Lega Pro Seconda Divisione. On 31 January 2013, Cavallari, Marco Fiore and Federico Meacci were signed by Gavorrano from Bellaria. In June 2013, Cavallari was signed by Siena outright for €760,000 and Vicenza signed Maracone outright for €750,000.
References
External links
AIC profile (data by football.it)
Italian footballers
Crociati Noceto players
L.R. Vicenza players
A.C.N. Siena 1904 players
A.C. Bellaria Igea Marina players
U.S. Gavorrano players
Association football goalkeepers
Serie C players
Sportspeople from Parma
1992 births
Living people
Footballers from Emilia-Romagna
A hamster cage is a cage designed to house a hamster or hamsters. Hamster cages need to be at least 450 square inches of floor space or bigger like the one shown, although many experts such as Gernot Kuhnen recommend that hamsters thrive with larger cage sizes.
For pet hamsters, commercially available pens are made of wire or plastic. Some pet owners house their hamsters in aquarium tanks or make their own wooden pens. In laboratories hamsters are housed in pens designed for scientific use. There are also special pens for exhibition, as in a hamster show.
Cage specifications
There are different recommendations for the appropriate cage size for hamsters. HSS (Hamster Society Singapore) recommends a minimum of 4000 cm2 (620 in2) for Syrian hamsters and a minimum of 2903.22 cm2 (450 in2) for dwarf hamsters. TVT (Tierärztliche Vereinigung für Tierschutz) recommends the owner give the Syrian hamster as much space as possible—at minimum 100 cm x 50 cm x 50 cm (L x W x H) which is 5000 cm2 (775 in2). Like TVT, BMEL (Bundesministerium für Ernährung und Landwirtschaft, the German Federal Ministry of Food and Agriculture) also recommends a minimum of 5000 cm2 (775.0016 2) for Syrian hamsters.
Hamsters prefer larger cages and want much more than the suggested minimum required space. "Starter packs" or hamster pens advertised for new owners are almost never large enough to be the only housing for a Syrian hamster, even when these pens are advertised for this purpose.
The ideal floor for a hamster is solid and covered with bedding.(around Hamsters that have thick bedding for their floor are happier and enjoy better health. Wire flooring can harm hamster paws and cause bumblefoot. For the hamster's benefit, cover the cage floor with a solid material such as cardboard, ceramic plates which the hamster can not chew, or mats marketed specially for hamsters. Wire cages can expose a hamster to drafts. Additionally, some wire cages permit the hamster to throw bedding material through the wires as it burrows, digs, and plays. Pens with solid walls contain all the bedding and prevent drafts of air from disturbing the hamster. Syrian hamsters are larger than Chinese and dwarf hamsters, so they need a larger pen and hamster accessories than those smaller hamsters.
Wire-top cages
A wire-top cage is a plastic base with a wire structure arching over it. Wire-top cages may take many shapes, and for hamsters, may have one level or be multi-story with tubes, stairs, or ladders connecting the levels. A wire-top cage with wired stairs causes bumblefoot. Most colorful cages that are sold in pet shops are marketed towards children and cause stress for the hamster. Wire-top cages for hamsters are often marketed in two varieties. One version is for the larger Syrian hamsters, with the space between bars being about . The other version is for Chinese or dwarf hamsters, with the bar space being . Pens with smaller gaps, perhaps around , are often intended for mice, and are likely to be too small to provide appropriate space for any species of hamster. It is crucial when choosing a wire cage that is it above the minimum cage requirement of of unbroken floor space, and make sure the height of the plastic base is at least . Most commercial wire cages sold in a pet stores are below the minimum, so it is important to check. Wire cages with more height than width or length is bad because, as burrowing animals, most hamsters need floor space, not height.
Well-designed wire-top cages have doors placed so that a human can open them as needed and reach into any part of the pen to access the hamster or clean the space. A cantilever design for upper levels in wire-top cages may wobble if the cage is not well designed. This fault could upset hamsters because they prefer stable ground. Wire-top cages will ideally have a securely fastened plastic base attached to the wire frame so that the entire pen can be transported without risk of the parts separating or the cage structure failing.
Plastic tank cages
Plastic tank cages may be simply designed like a plain box, or they may be elaborately designed to encourage hamster exploration of the tubes, levels, and rooms. Plastic tank cages are marketed to be expanded with additional modules that connect to the main pen with clamps or tunnels.
Hamsters can gnaw on parts of plastic cages in ways that are less likely in other cages because of their different design. Pens are not designed to be chewed. If a cage is large enough and if a hamster has other things to gnaw, then most hamsters will not chew cage elements. Syrian hamsters are especially likely to chew small tubes and cages designed for smaller hamsters.
Most plastic cages are too small for a hamster and cause the hamster to become bored and display unwanted behaviors such as obsessive bar-chewing, repetitive climbing, aggression, or escape attempts. Smaller modules may have poor ventilation, posing the risk of respiratory disease for the hamster.
Aquariums
Aquariums can be modified to be glass hamster cages. Hamsters cannot chew glass aquariums because the walls are smooth and there are no projections. The disadvantages of glass are that the tanks are heavy and difficult to move, and it may be challenging to find an appropriate cage top, especially if houses or toys are put in the pen that permit the hamster to attempt an escape over the sides. An aquarium must provide at least of floorspace.
A 40-gallon aquarium is the minimum recommended size for a hamster, but larger sizes are always recommended.
Wooden cages
Wooden cages are not mass-marketed, so they are an option for hamster owners who are handy and wish to make their own, or for breeders or rescuers who need to custom-make a large number of pens for multiple hamsters. Wooden cages must be made of untreated hardwood that a hamster can gnaw and eat, because over time they will chew the pen. Since the hamster may chew and ingest the cage material, wood glue to hold the cage together is poisonous and therefore inappropriate. In addition, wood tends to collect urine stains and can be difficult to clean.
Accessories
Hamsters enjoy getting toys for behavioral enrichment. Hamster toys should be non toxic and sanitized. To that end, hamsters enjoy going inside objects and climbing things. Plastic toys and accessories can absorb heat, which is unsafe for dwarf hamsters in hot weather.
Hamster wheel
Hamster wheels are exercise devices. These allow them to run even when their space is confined.
Many commercially marketed hamster wheels do not acknowledge that Syrian hamsters are larger than dwarf and Chinese hamsters, and that they require a larger wheel size than Syrians. TVT recommends that wheels be at least for Dwarf Hamsters and at least for Syrian hamsters, since smaller diameters can lead to permanent spinal curvature, especially in young animals. TVT also recommends a solid running surface because rungs or mesh can catch limbs and cause injury.
It is important to get a solid-bottom wheel, as wire or mesh wheels can cause foot lesions.
Hamster house
Since hamsters are nocturnal in captivity, dark sleeping quarters in daylight hours are vital. A hamster house is a hide box or hideout for hamsters that provides this. The house can be as simple as an opaque PVC tube closed at one end, in diameter, but boxes are preferred. Wooden houses or hideouts made of natural materials can cool hamsters in the summer.
Hamster houses should be well-ventilated, and not collect condensation and become damp. A hide box improves the hamster's mental well-being, and the absence of a hide box can make a hamster feel vulnerable and unsafe. Most hamsters will choose to nest and hoard food in their hideout, although some will use corners or even their wheel.
Hamster toilet
Hamsters are naturally clean animals and prefer to urinate in a designated corner in their cage. If their cage includes a suitable enclosed room, then the hamster is likely to recognize that room as a toilet area and begin to use it. Hamster keepers may suggest a toilet area to a hamster by putting soiled hamster bedding into the area that they want the hamster to consider using. A large jar may be used as a toilet, then removed and cleaned regularly as the hamster uses it.
Sand bath
All hamsters need a sand bath to groom themselves. The sand keeps their fur clean and digging in it helps maintain their claws. When choosing sand for the sand bath, make sure it is fine but not dusty. Reptile sand can be used as long as it does not contain calcium or any other additive. Other examples are play sand or chinchilla bath sand (not dust). If you choose chinchilla bath sand, heat it at 350F for 10 minutes before using. Some hamsters will also use their sand bath as a litter box.
Other toys
Like all other rodents, a hamster's teeth grows throughout its lifetime. As such, they need to chew toys for proper dental care. Salt licks and mineral chews contain dangerous chemicals that are toxic for hamsters. The owner must provide hardwood chews or their teeth will grow too long, causing pain, disfigurement,and potentially death.
Unsafe Hamster Supplies
Hamster Balls
TVT (Tierärztliche Vereinigung für Tierschutz) warn that hamster balls pose a risk of injury. The hamster can not free itself from the ball and can not control the speed or direction of the ball. While in a hamster ball, especially in a transparent one, they cannot meet their natural instinct to take cover. There is a high risk for injury when the ball hits a wall or rolls down from raised surfaces. The small ventilation slots do not give a sufficient air supply for the hamster. TVT considers hamster balls to be anti animal welfare and do not recommend their use for any small mammal.
Plastic Tubes
Plastic tubes sold for hamsters, especially when arranged into longer tunnel systems, can pose a large risk to your hamsters safety. The plastic tubes do not have sufficient ventilation and when set at a steep angle a hamster can easily fall and hurt themselves. These tubes are also too small for Syrian Hamsters since even though they can walk through them they also have to be able to turn around while their cheek pouches are filled, otherwise the hamster can get stuck. Well ventilated short tubes that are large enough for the hamster to comfortably turn around can be used.
Scented Bedding
Beddings with added scents are not safe for hamsters because it disrupts their own scent markings (which causes a lot of stress) and can harm their sensitive respiratory system.
Harnesses and Leashes
Since hamsters are very small and fragile harnesses and leashes can easily cause injury to hamsters. They also prevent hamsters from following their natural flight behavior which can cause considerable stress.
Cotton Fluff
This product is sold under many names such as hamster fluff, cotton fluff, soft and safe bedding, fluff bedding etc. Since this synthetic material has long fibers that are tear resistant it can easily get stuck in hamsters cheek pouches or wrap around their limbs cutting off circulation. As a safe alternative to this you can provide your hamster with toilet paper to build their nest with.
Cedar and Pine Bedding
Cedar and Pine wood contains harmful oils that has been known to cause respiratory infections in small animals, so cedar shavings is not safe to use as a bedding for hamsters.
Escape
Hamsters will exploit any opportunity to escape from their cage. Most commonly they escape when someone has not closed a door properly. They have the ability to flatten their bodies to squeeze through holes that humans do not expect them to be able to use. Hamsters may sometimes open latches or unscrew connections, in which case they open the cage themselves. If any part of the cage can be gnawed to create a hole then the hamster may chew its way out. If the hamster passes time with free access to both the inside of its cage and the outside world, it may collect some of its bedding and hoarded food to establish a new den. A bucket mousetrap is the most common way to catch a hamster. In this scheme, food such as leafy greens is placed in a bucket, and a staircase is built leading to the top of the bucket. The hungry hamster will climb the stairs, fall into the bucket, and be captured.
Society and culture
The National Hamster Council in the United Kingdom maintains recommendations for hamster cages for pet owners and breeders. United States regulations which apply to hamsters are in the Animal Welfare Act of 1966 and described further in the Institute for Laboratory Animal Research's Guide for the care and Use of Laboratory Animals including legal regulations for hamster cages in the United States.
See also
Syrian hamster care
Hamster wheel
Hamster ball
Notes
References
External links
How to Set Up a Hamster Cage by wikiHow
GOOD and BAD Hamster Cages, a video review by YouTuber ChocolateColors26
Comfortable Quarters for Hamsters in Research Institutions
Hamster equipment
Buildings and structures used to confine animals
The People's Congress of the Tibet Autonomous Region is one of the organs of local self-governance in Tibet. Following decisions taken by the National People's Congress of the People's Republic of China, the founding of the Tibet Autonomous Region and the regional government was officially announced during the first session of the Tibetan People's Congress in September 1965 in Lhasa. In theory, all adult Tibetans have the right to elect their leaders who administer the province.
See also
CCP Committee Secretary
Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference
References
Further reading
Tibet Autonomous Region
1965 establishments in China
Top Chef: Colorado is the fifteenth season of the American reality television series Top Chef. Initial details about the season and its cast were revealed on October 12, 2017. The show was filmed in various cities across Colorado, including Denver, Boulder, Telluride, and Aspen. The season premiered on December 7, 2017, and concluded on March 8, 2018. Last Chance Kitchen premiered on November 30, 2017. In the season finale, Joseph "Joe" Flamm was declared the winner over runner-up Adrienne Cheatham. Fatima Ali was voted Fan Favorite.
Contestants
Fifteen chefs were selected to compete in Top Chef: Colorado. In addition, four returning competitors from previous seasons competed in the Last Chance Kitchen for the opportunity to enter the main competition: Top Chef: San Francisco contestant Lee Anne Wong, Top Chef: Los Angeles runner-up and All-Stars contestant Marcel Vigneron, Top Chef: California contestant Kwame Onwuachi, and Top Chef: Las Vegas finalist and All-Stars contestant Jennifer Carroll. Following the sixth episode of Last Chance Kitchen, Wong was selected to join the main cast. Claudette Zepeda-Wilkins previously appeared as a contestant on the second season of Top Chef México, the Mexican version of Top Chef from NBC Universo.
New contestants
Carrie Baird and Brother Luck returned for Top Chef: Kentucky, competing in the Last Chance Kitchen. Joe Sasto returned for Top Chef: All-Stars L.A.
Returning contestants
Contestant progress
: The chef(s) did not receive immunity for winning the Quickfire Challenge.
: Laura lost the Sudden Death Quickfire Challenge and was eliminated.
: Following Episode 6 of Last Chance Kitchen, Claudette rejoined the competition and Lee Anne was introduced as a regular competitor.
: Due to severe altitude sickness and concerns over her unborn baby's health, Lee Anne elected to withdraw from the competition.
: Joe F. lost the Sudden Death Quickfire Challenge and was eliminated.
: Joe F. won Last Chance Kitchen and returned to the competition.
(WINNER) The chef won the season and was crowned "Top Chef".
(RUNNER-UP) The chef was the runner-up for the season.
(WIN) The chef won the Elimination Challenge.
(HIGH) The chef was selected as one of the top entries in the Elimination Challenge, but did not win.
(IN) The chef was not selected as one of the top or bottom entries in the Elimination Challenge and was safe.
(LOW) The chef was selected as one of the bottom entries in the Elimination Challenge, but was not eliminated.
(OUT) The chef lost the Elimination Challenge.
(WDR) The chef voluntarily withdrew from the competition.
Episodes
Last Chance Kitchen
Episodes
References
Notes
Footnotes
External links
Official website
Top Chef
2017 American television seasons
2018 American television seasons
Television shows set in Colorado
Television shows filmed in Colorado
(, ) is a naval rank, of German origin, used by a number of countries. The term is derived from the low German (comrade). Via the Dutch language, the word became a nautical term and described the assistant to a deck officer. Since the second half of the 17th century were the lowest class of non-commissioned officers aboard a warship.
Denmark
Estonia
Germany
However, Maate is also the collective name to all junior NCO-ranks (ranks: Maat, Seekadett, and Obermaat) in the modern day's German Navy.
In navy context NCOs of this rank were formally addressed as Herr/ Frau Maat also informally / short Maat. The sequence of ranks (top-down approach) in that particular group is as follows:
Unteroffizier ohne Portepee
OR-5: Obermaat / (Heer/ Luftwaffe) Stabsunteroffizier
OR-5: Seekadett / Fahnenjunker
OR-5: Maat / Unteroffizier
History
In the Prussian Navy and the Kaiserliche Marine Maate were Unteroffiziere ohne Portepee. According to their specialization, Maate would be known as e.g. Steuermannsmaat (Coxswain's Mate), Feuerwerksmaat (Ordnance Mate), Bootsmannsmaat (Boatswain's Mate) or Maschinistenmaat (Machinist's Mate).
Maate were recruited among conscripts who volunteered to serve for a minimum of six years. After approximately four years they could expect to become Maat. Re-enlistment was common but in most specialities the career options would end with achieving the rank of Obermaat; only after 18 years in service was a promotion as supernumary Vizefeldwebel possible, and only if there was a billet open. The 1914/15 naval budget included 7857 billets for Maate and 5237 for Obermaate.
Kriegsmarine
Poland
See also
Ranks of the German Bundeswehr
Rank insignia of the German Bundeswehr
Ranks and insignia of NATO navies enlisted
References
Naval ranks of Germany
The 1955 Challenge Desgrange-Colombo was the eighth edition of the Challenge Desgrange-Colombo. It included eleven races: all the races form the 1954 edition were retained with no additions. Stan Ockers won the individual championship while Belgium retained the nations championship.
Races
Final standings
Riders
Nations
References
Challenge Desgrange-Colombo
Challenge Desgrange-Colombo
Roselawn–Forest Heights Historic District is a national historic district located at Hammond, Lake County, Indiana. The district encompasses 107 contributing buildings in a predominantly residential section of Hammond. It developed between about 1922 and 1962, and includes notable example of Colonial Revival, Tudor Revival, Bungalow / American Craftsman, and American Small House and eclectic styles of residential architecture. Located in the district is the separately listed George John Wolf House.
It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 2012.
References
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Indiana
Colonial Revival architecture in Indiana
Tudor Revival architecture in Indiana
Historic districts in Hammond, Indiana
National Register of Historic Places in Lake County, Indiana
The February 2, 2008 resignation of Republican Richard Baker triggered a special election for Louisiana's 6th district. In anticipation of this election, party qualifying occurred before Baker's resignation. The timeline mirrored that of the 2008 special election for the 1st congressional district. The two elections were the first Louisiana congressional elections not based on Louisiana's jungle primary system since the 1970s.
Democrat Don Cazayoux won the 6th district election, defeating Republican Woody Jenkins by three percentage points, as well as two independent candidates and a member of the Constitution Party. He was sworn in on May 6, switching the party affiliation of the seat. (This was the second time such a party switch occurred due to a special election during the 110th Congress.)
Democratic primary
Candidates
Don Cazayoux, Louisiana State Representative
Michael L. Jackson, Louisiana State Representative
Jason DeCuir — Lawyer and unsuccessful State Senate candidate
Andy Kopplin, former Chief of Staff to Governors Foster and Blanco, former LRA Executive Director
Joe Delatte, electrician
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Woody Jenkins, former Louisiana State Representative, candidate for the United States Senate in 1996, newspaper editor
Laurinda L. Calongne, lobbyist and owner of Robert Rose Consulting, a government relations firm.
Michael Cloonan, United States Navy veteran, businessman
Paul Sawyer, former aide to former Congressman Richard Baker
Results
Constitution Party
Randall T. Hayes, critic of plurality voting, proponent of instant runoff voting
Independent candidates
Peter J. Aranyosi
Ashley Casey, New media consultant, former press secretary to Gov. Buddy Roemer and Congresswoman Sue Kelly
General election
Results
County results
See also
Louisiana's 1st congressional district special election, 2008
List of special elections to the United States House of Representatives
United States House of Representatives elections in Louisiana, 2008
Illinois's 14th congressional district special election, 2008
Mississippi's 1st congressional district special election, 2008
External links
Don Cazayoux campaign website
Woody Jenkins campaign website
Randall Hayes campaign website
Ashley Casey campaign Website
Jason DeCuir campaign Website
Joe Delatte campaign website
Andy Kopplin campaign website
Laurinda Calongne campaign website
Michael Cloonan campaign website
References
Louisiana 2008 06
Louisiana 2008 06
2008 06 Special
Louisiana 06 Special
United States House of Representatives 06 Special
United States House of Representatives 2008 06
Louisiana 06
Liudvikas Jakavičius (22 June 1871 – 20 August 1941) was a writer, journalist, publisher, theatre director, banker and nobleman. He was born in Akmenė (Lithuania) and died in Anykščiai (Lithuania).
Biography
Jakavičius studied drama and spoke nine languages (Lithuanian, Latvian, German, Polish, Finnish, Swedish, Czech, Russian and Latin). He used the pseudonym of Lietuvanis and represented informal literature, as a man who spread forbidden Lithuanian print, worked in several newspapers and in radio. Unfortunately, most of his works disappeared during the occupation of the Soviet regime after the Second World War. So he was rarely mentioned as the largest private publisher in the Lithuania of interwar.
But now, the most important historians and museologists of Lithuania like Almantas Šlivinskas, Leopoldas Rozga or Leonas Peleckis-Kaktavičius, consider him one of the most important writers and publishers of Lithuania. He produced more than two million books and performed more than 280 plays in 1898–1938. From 1888 to 1891 he worked in Šiauliai (Lithuania) as a journalist and writer. In 1891, he settled in Riga (Latvia), where he started working as judge and administrator of the railway company. In 1904, he opened his own printing house (AB Lietuvos Knygynas) and his own bookstore in Riga (Latvia). In 1909, he founded the newspaper Rygos naujienos which maintained its activities until 1915. He also collaborated with other newspapers and journalists like his friend Antanas Smetona (writer, journalist and the first president of the Republic of Lithuania). It should be mentioned that Antanas Smetona wrote about Liudvikas Jakavičius in his memories, written in Cleveland, Ohio, US, in 1960. In 1910, Jakavičius founded The Society of Lithuanian Theatre of Riga. In 1914, he financed the construction of the Lithuanian Theater of Riga. That same year he founded the Lithuanian–Latvian Savings Bank. His bank grew up rapidly, but it was expropriated in 1915 by the State Bank of the Russian Empire, as a result of the beginning of the First World War. In 1916, all his business was paralyzed and confiscated by the outbreak of the First World War and he changed his residence to Saint Petersburg (Russia). He bought 15,000 USD (equivalent to US$350,000 in 2014) in printing equipment and moved the machinery in secret to Saint Petersburg, where he continued with his printing house spreading Lithuanian language.
Jakavičius was a book smuggler – transported Lithuanian language books printed in the Latin alphabet into Lithuanian-speaking areas of the Russian Empire where Lithuanian press was banned.
In 1919, Jakavičius returned to Lithuania and re-opened his printing house (AB Lietuvos Knygynas) and inaugurated five bookstores in the major cities of Lithuania, establishing itself as the largest publisher of Lithuania. In 1924, he founded the Society for Ethical Culture. In 1938, he was awarded by President, Antanas Smetona, with the Great Grand Cross of the Order of Lithuanian Grand Duke Gediminas. In 1940, sick and depressed by the Soviet occupation of his country, Jakavičius moved to Anykščiai (Lithuania), where his father-in-law, Juozas Grimalauskas, bought a little village with a private lake, a mansion and nine houses (one for each of his children). Grimalauskas bought this little village because of his bankruptcy in Poland by the Great Depression in 1929. Jakavičius died in 1941 in the lands of his wife Honorata Grimalauskaitė-Jakavičienė.
In 2011, his great-grandson Liudvikas Jakavičius–Grimalauskas announced to the press that he will open in the near future the "Liudvikas Jakavičius – Lietuvanis Museum" in honor to his great-grandfather Jakavičius. The museum will be about the Second World War and about the Soviet Holocaust that caused more victims than Nazism. Currently, there is a permanent exhibition of the life and work of Liudvikas Jakavičius in the Siauliai Ausros Museum (Šiauliai, Lithuania). Also, there is about 400 works (books, newspapers, postcards, etc.) written and printed by Liudvikas Jakavičius in the Martynas Mažvydas National Library of Lithuania (Vilnius, Lithuania).
Family
He was married to Honorata Grimalauskaitė-Jakavičienė, a Lithuanian–Polish noblewoman and public figure. Honorata's father, Juozas Grimalauskas, was a wealthy Lithuanian, Liudvikas and Honorata had five children (Gražina; Liudas; Donatas Bronislovas, Juozas and Artūras) all of which were artists devoted to music and theatre. His eldest son was Liudas Jakavicius-Grimalauskas, President of the Siauliai Drama Theatre, composer of the first Lithuanian tango (Sutemos tango) and a famous pianist, disciple of the Russian musician Dmitry Kabalevsky. His only daughter was the actress Gražina Jakavičiūtė-Grimalauskaitė Šaltenienė, remembered by her performances at the Lithuanian National Drama Theatre. His son Donatas Bronislovas Jakavičius-Grimalauskas was a Stradivarius violinist who played in several national orchestras, including the Lithuanian National Opera, the ballet orchestra Kaunas Philharmonic Orchestra, the Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra, the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra, the Berlin Radio Symphony Orchestra, the Vienna State Opera Orchestra, the Belgrade Philharmonic Orchestra and the Venezuela National Symphony Orchestra.
Most prominent works
1905 – Lietuvių naminis draugas
1907 – Juokdarys
1907 – Juokų kalendorius
1909 – Artistų patarėjas
1909 – Juokai be pinigų
1924 – Teismas
1927 – Linksmųjų monologų pasakotojas
1927 – Džiaugsmas per ašaras
1929 – Juokų milteliai: linksmūs vakarėliams paįvairinti kupletai su gaidomis
1929 – Meilės ir tarnybinių laiškų
1932 – Ką turi žinoti jauna mergaitė prieš ištekėsiant
1936 – Linksmų valandų dainelės
1939 – Lietuvos dievai
Footnotes
References
Siauliu Ausros Museum – Liudvikas Jakavicius
Anyksciai Culture Centre – Liudvikas Jakavicius
Lietuvos Rytas – Liudvikas Jakavicius
LITERATURA.LT – Liudvikas Jakavicius
Samogitian Cultural Association – Liudvikas Jakavicius
EUROZINE.COM – Liudvikas Jakavicius
DRAUGAS.ORG – Liudvikas Jakavicius
Vilnius University – Liudvikas Jakavicius
University of Illinois at Chicago – Liudvikas Jakavicius
Leonas Peleckis-Kaktavičius. Baltas lapas – lyg altorius. – Klaipėda: Rytas, 1995, pp. 242–247. –
External links
Works of Liudvikas Jakavicius at epaveldas.lt (digital library of the Martynas Mažvydas National Library of Lithuania)
1871 births
1941 deaths
People from Akmenė
Lithuanian book smugglers
Lithuanian publishers (people)
Lithuanian writers
Lithuanian theatre directors
Lithuanian journalists
Recipients of the Order of the Lithuanian Grand Duke Gediminas
The 2014–15 Green Bay Phoenix men's basketball team represented the University of Wisconsin–Green Bay in the 2014–15 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. Their head coach was fifth year coach Brian Wardle. The Phoenix played their home games at the Resch Center and were members of the Horizon League. They finished the season 24–9, 12–4 in Horizon League play to finish in second place. They advanced to the semifinals of the Horizon League Tournament where they lost to Valparaiso. They were invited to the National Invitation Tournament where they lost in the first round to Illinois State.
Keifer Sykes was named the Horizon League Player of the Year for the second year in a row. Jordan Fouse won conference All-Defensive team honors.
Roster
Schedule
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#006633; color:#FFFFFF;"| Exhibition
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#006633; color:#FFFFFF;"| Regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#006633; color:#FFFFFF;"| Horizon League Tournament
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#006633; color:#FFFFFF;"| NIT
References
Green Bay Phoenix
Green Bay Phoenix men's basketball seasons
Green Bay
Wiscon
Wiscon
The raid on Porto Buso was an assault launched by the Italian Royal Navy on an Austro-Hungarian naval station and border post located in Porto Buso island, in the Marano-Grado Lagoon, in the first hours of 24 May 1915, the day when the Kingdom of Italy entered World War I on the side of the Entente. The incursion became the first offensive action of the Italian Navy in the conflict, and ended with the destruction of the naval outpost, the sinking of a flotilla of small vessels and the capture of the majority of the Austro-Hungarian garrison. The action eventually resulted in the withdrawal of all Austro-Hungarian forces from the nearby town of Grado and neighbouring islands during the subsequent days.
Italian entry in World War I
On 3 May 1915, as a result of the Treaty of London, signed in secrecy on 26 April, the Italy's government changed sides and lined up with the Entente Cordiale and Russia, breaking their 33-year-old ties with the Triple Alliance. By that time, the German Empire and Austria-Hungary had been at war with Russia and the western powers since August 1914. The relationship between Italy and their former allies had already stranded since the beginning of the war, when the Italian government declared neutrality on the basis that the alliance was defensive in nature, and that Austria-Hungary had declared war on Serbia without any official notification to them. In the following months, Italian diplomacy also tried to exert concessions from the Central Powers, specially in the Adriatic region, to no avail.
Plans for the Adriatic theatre
In a 4 January letter to the naval commander of the naval base of Venice, the Chief of Staff of the Italian Navy, Vice Admiral Paolo Thaon di Revel, devised an offensive strategy in the event of an Italian intervention in the Adriatic on the side of the Entente, when the destroyers and torpedo boats were to be major players. The letter mentioned a possible attack on the Austro-Hungarian jetty and naval detachment at Porto Buso. The small island of Porto Buso is located in the mouth of the river Ausa the southernmost border post of the Austro-Hungarian Empire.
When it became obvious by mid-May that Italy would join the Entente, the customs outpost was reinforced by soldiers from the Imperial Army's coastal defence, along with a signals detachment from the Austro-Hungarian Navy. Italian intelligence reports gave the impression that Porto Buso had received heavy machine guns and artillery to counter a possible Italian assault by sea. The border post was actually the home of 69 servicemen and another 17 were scattered along other islands in the lagoon. The Italian goal was to clear the Austro-Hungarian presence across the northwest Adriatic coast to allow the Italian Navy support to the army. The move was also intended to deny the enemy the use of bases for their small torpedo units. On 25 April 1915, the task was assigned to the Sardegna Division, a flotilla of destroyers based at Venice.
The action
The commander of the Sardegna Division, Admiral Giovanni Patris, codenamed the destroyer operation in the upper Adriatic "Missione A" (Mission A). The plan devised the deployment of four destroyers around the island of Grado. The Soldato-class destroyers Bersagliere and Artigliere were ordered to shell Austro-Hungarian positions and naval assets around the town of Grado itself, while the Nembo-class Zeffiro, under the command of Captain Arturo Ciano, was in charge of the attack on Porto Buso. Another Soldato-class destroyer, Corazziere, was to sweep an area south of the lagoon in order to prevent any Austro-Hungarian interference. A secondary target was the telegraph cable connecting Grado with Cittanova.
At 02:00 am local time, Zeffiro passed through a channel southeast of Porto Buso unseen, at a 345° course, and stopping at 500 mt from the Austro-Hungarian wharf. The Italian destroyer launched a torpedo, but it became stuck in the muddy bottom. The device was later recovered by Italian divers. Ciano immediately ordered Zeffiro's 76 mm guns to open fire on the watchtower and the jetty, hitting the outpost, several customs motorboats, and other small craft at anchor with 169 rounds. The Italian reports said that the barracks were repeatedly hit and that a number of small vessels were set on fire. The Austro-Hungarian garrison was taken by surprise, most of them in their sleep. A great number of personnel gathered on one of the sides of the jetty weaving a white flag.
According to Austro-Hungarian reports, particularly that of Oswald Steiger, commander of the Imperial coastal defences in the upper Adriatic, a column of smoke was spotted by the sentry Amandus Hummar, who reported two Italian destroyers approaching from the mouth of the Tagliamento river. Mareth gave orders to abandon the outpost by sea. A motorboat with two staff members petty officers aboard received a direct hit from Zeffiro and sank, while a whaler evacuating ten customs personnel and soldiers capsized; only three of the passengers managed to survive. Another four Austro-Hungarian servicemen were killed in action. When Lieutenaunt Mareth realised that any resistance would be futile, he stopped the withdrawal attempt and raised the white flag. Only six men were able to slip away to Grado, crawling through shallows and swamps. The 17 men manning observation posts at the nearby islands also escaped Italian captivity. Picked up by Zeffiro'''s cutter, Lieutenant Mareth formally surrendered to Captain Ciano, giving up his sabre and his revolver. The lukewarm attitude of Lieutenant Mareth, a Hungarian, was later criticised by Admiral Alfred von Koudelka, commander of the naval sector of Trieste at the time.
Aftermath Zeffiro arrived in Venice with 48 prisoners onboard, one of them seriously wounded. The local population was astonished when they realised that most of the captives were Friulian-speaking men. Moreover, one of the Austro-Hungarian servicemen killed at Porto Buso was the cook Eugenio Sandrigo, from Grado, who became the first ethnic Italian to die in the war.
The other destroyers of the Sardegna Division did not enjoy the same success. Corazziere not only did not find any enemy unit, but she was also unable to cut the telegraph cable to isolate Grado. In the same way, Bersagliere and Artigliere searched in vain for valuable targets at Grado. The destroyers' commanders renounced to bombard the town in order to avoid civilian casualties. The Italian sortie did not prevent the free movement of the Austro-Hungarian Fleet that, departing from Pula and Sibenik, bombarded several Italian ports and facilities further south.
On 25 May, an Italian marines' detachment landed in Porto Buso and took the facilities over. The marines rounded up some stragglers and seized two abandoned motorboats untouched by Zeffiro's shelling. The next day Grado was captured by a company of Bersaglieri after being vacated by the remaining Austro-Hungarian troops.
See also
Bombardment of Ancona
Battle of Ad-Dawrah
Attack on Snake Island
Notes
References
Rizza , Claudio (2015) Il Forzamento di Porto Buso''. Rivista Maritima, October 2015, pp. 70-77. (In Italian)
Naval battles of World War I involving Italy
Naval battles of World War I involving Austria-Hungary
World War I raids
Gastrostomobdellidae is a family of annelids belonging to the order Arhynchobdellida.
Genera:
Gastrostomobdella Moore, 1929
Kumabdella Richardson, 1971
References
Annelids
Dianne Cook (née Wilson) (born 30 December 1951) is a former Australian women's basketball player.
Biography
Cook played for the Australia women's national basketball team during the 1970s and 1980 and competed for Australia at the 1975 World Championship held in Colombia and the 1979 World Championship held in South Korea. Cook also played for the Opals at the 1980 World Olympic Qualifying Tournament held in Bulgaria.
References
1951 births
Living people
Australian women's basketball players
The Gates of Eden are a lost 1916 silent film drama directed by John H. Collins and starring his wife Viola Dana. The Columbia Pictures Corporation, not related to the Hollywood studio, produced with release through Metro Pictures.
Cast
Viola Dana - Eve/Evelyn
Augustus Phillips - Joseph
Robert Walker - William Bard
Edward Earle - Rodney
Grace Stevens - Eldress Sarah (*as Grace E. Stevens)
Fred C. Jones - Huxley
Harry Linson - Shaker Brother
George D. Melville - Mr. Bard
References
External links
1916 films
American silent feature films
Lost American films
1916 drama films
Silent American drama films
American black-and-white films
Metro Pictures films
Films directed by John H. Collins
1910s American films
El Maharra (or El Mehara) (Arabic: المـحرة) is a municipality in El Bayadh Province, Algeria. It is part of Chellala District and has a population of 2.138, which gives it 7 seats in the PMA. Its postal code is 32360 and its municipal code is 3219.
Communes of El Bayadh Province
Sara Raynolds Hall is a historic building on the University of New Mexico campus in Albuquerque, New Mexico. Completed in 1921, it originally housed the university's home economics department. The building was privately funded by local citizens, including the $16,000 construction cost as well as several thousand dollars worth of equipment. One of the largest donors was Joshua Raynolds, whose mother was the building's namesake.
The building was designed by Edward B. Christy, who was also responsible for the Pueblo style remodeling of Hodgin Hall in 1908. As with nearly all subsequent buildings on campus, Sara Raynolds Hall also employed the Pueblo style. It is a one-story, brick bearing wall structure with a beige stucco exterior. The building was added to the New Mexico State Register of Cultural Properties and the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
References
External links
Buildings and structures in Albuquerque, New Mexico
Buildings and structures completed in 1921
University and college buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in New Mexico
New Mexico State Register of Cultural Properties
Pueblo Revival architecture in Albuquerque, New Mexico
University of New Mexico
National Register of Historic Places in Albuquerque, New Mexico
was a Japanese linguist who studied the Korean language.
In the 1920s, Ogura made the initial breakthroughs in the decipherment of the hyangga songs, which are now key sources on Old Korean.
Ogura conducted an extensive national survey of Korean dialects. Partly because such surveys have been impossible since the division of Korea in 1945, his dialect classification is still widely used, with some modifications.
Selected works
Revised edition, 1940: .
Volume 1: . Volume 2: .
References
Further reading
(first 10 pages)
1882 births
1944 deaths
Linguists of Korean
Linguists from Japan
20th-century linguists
The Riocentro attack (Portuguese: Atentado do Riocentro) was an attempted terrorist attack that took place on the evening of 30 April 1981, during a May Day celebration concert at the Riocentro convention center in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. The bombing, carried out by officers of the Brazilian Army, was a false flag operation intended to frame left-wing guerrillas as violent and thereby halting the country's transition towards democracy. It ended up having the opposite effect, accelerating the end of Brazil's military regime, in power since 1964.
One of the perpetrators of the attack died, while the other was injured, from an accidental detonation of one of the bombs. A criminal inquiry from the time was inconclusive. There have been renewed investigations since 1999, one of which, conducted by the National Truth Commission, concluded that military authorities were responsible for the planning and execution of the bombing.
Background
In April 1964 a coup d'état overthrew elected president João Goulart and installed a military government that went on govern the country until 1985. The first president in this regime, General Humberto Castelo Branco, who represented a moderate wing of the Brazilian military, was sidelined in 1967 by hardline president Artur da Costa e Silva, his successor. In 1968 president Costa e Silva and his ministers passed the Institutional Act Number Five (AI-5), an executive order that, among other things, suspended the right to habeas corpus and allowed the military to shut down opponents of the regime through force and suspension of political rights. Under the regime an extensive national security network was established, composed of the National Intelligence Service (SNI) and the Center for Internal Defense Operations (DOI-CODI); the SNI was instrumental for the government to pursue a repression of opposition. The state DOI-CODI centers and the Center of Information of the Navy (CENIMAR) detained and tortured several regime dissidents as part of the Doctrine of National Security, a policy institutionalized by the army.
The late 1970s and much of the 80s saw the rise of redemocratization movements throughout Latin America that sought to end the prevailing military regimes in the region. The democratic cause in Brazil and all of Latin America was in part aided by U.S. president Jimmy Carter's promotion of human rights in his foreign policy. In 1974 the newly-inaugurated Ernesto Geisel administration moved away from the authoritarian repression of president Emilio Garrastazu Medici's government, and towards a restoration of Brazil's rule of law. Additionally, that year the Brazilian Democratic Movement (MDB), the only legally allowed opposition party, had significant electoral victories. The global economic pressure also led to an internal crisis within the government. The interventionism and developmentalism that characterized the regime led to clashes during the Geisel administration (197479) between the nationalized industry sectors and the private multinationals, and divided the military into liberal and statist wings.
These events pressured the military government to slowly begin a strategy to transition Brazil back to a democratic system, a process that is known in Brazilian politics as the abertura (opening). In 1978 the government rescinded the AI-5 effective 1 January 1979, which opened the door for popular movements to protest the government without fear of retaliation. Part of the abertura plan included the Party Reform Bill of 1979, which abolished the ruling pro-military party ARENA and the MDB and allowed the registration of new political parties. The bill was passed under protests by MDB members of congress, since it divided the anti-ARENA block into several parties and thus diluted the opposition. ARENA reorganized into the Social Democratic Party (PDS), while MDB chose to retain their identity by simply adding "party" to its name, thus forming the PMDB.
Earlier attacks
Despite the gradual process to redemocratize Brazil, several groups within the military mounted a resistance to the abertura, mainly those involved in suppressing dissidents through force and espionage. After Geisel was succeeded by João Figueiredo, the last ruler of Brazil's military dictatorship, in 1979, the military made efforts to preserve their power by covering up the violence and tortures committed by the regime from its inception in 1964.
Clandestine acts of terror committed by army members and those linked to the military spiked in the late 1970s, 1980 and the early months of 1981. In 1976 the right-wing Brazilian Anti-Communist Alliance claimed responsibility for ten bombings that happened that year. In 1976 Bishop Adriano Hipólito of Nova Iguaçú, Rio de Janeiro was kidnapped by local members of the military and was targeted in a bombing in 1979. In 1978 and 1979 several terrorist attacks were carried out against members of the opposition in the state of Minas Gerais. According to historian Maria Helena Moreira Alves, the year of 1980 saw 46 acts of right-wing terrorism. Notably, in September 1980, a letter bomb was sent to the Brazilian Bar Association headquarters, killing the secretary Lyda Monteiro da Silva. On the same day the offices of Rio de Janeiro city councillor Antônio Carlos de Carvalho were destroyed.
Timeline
Throughout the evening of 30 April 1981, the Riocentro convention center in Rio de Janeiro's West Zone hosted a pop music concert organized by Centro Brasil Democrático to celebrate Workers Day. Over 20,000 people were in attendance, and the event was headlined by many famous MPB artists such as Moraes Moreira, Alceu Valença, Gal Costa, MPB-4, Beth Carvalho, Gonzaguinha, Elba Ramalho and Chico Buarque.
On the afternoon of 30 April, Army Colonel and commander of the Rio police force Newton Cerqueira made a phone call to Lt. Col. Fernando Antônio Pott telling him to suspend policing of the Riocentro event for the evening and to keep 60 officers at the precinct alert for any emergency. At Riocentro, operations manager Maria Ângela Lopes Campobianco reassigned Lt. César Wachulec from head of security to the tickets office, claiming he had issues with alcoholism. Outside of Riocentro billboard were graffitied with the acronym VPR (Vanguarda Popular Revolucionária, a left-wing guerrilla group that had not existed since 1973). At around 9 pm, two cars were driven into the Riocentro parking lot, one of them a Puma GTE.
In the Puma were two DOI-CODI officers, who planned to detonate a bomb under the stage of the concert. At around 9:15 a bomb went off prematurely in the car, killing Army Sergeant Guilherme Pereira do Rosário, and seriously injuring Captain Wilson Luiz Chaves Machado. Machado was taken to Hospital Miguel Couto, where he requested that Captain Francisco de Paula Sousa Pinto be informed of the accident. Machado underwent surgery all night; according to an early medical report his condition was serious but not life-threatening.
At 9:45, another bomb detonated at a nearby power station; the bomb was intended to cut off the electricity provided to Riocentro. Minutes later a Chevrolet Opala left the parking lot, with one of the passengers exclaiming to a security guard, "you haven't seen anything yet. The worst is going to happen in there". The bomb failed to cause a blackout.
Police surrounded the area where the bomb exploded. Agents from the General Department of Special Investigations (DGIE) and the Political and Social Police (DPPS), as well as officers from the 16th and 32nd precincts, inspected the location. Forensic expects of the DGIE and DPPS concluded that the explosion was "very violent" and that the damage could have been worse had the car not been distant from other vehicles in the parking lot. Even still, a nearby Chevette had its windshield destroyed. The experts claimed that the bomb at the power station was conducted by a different group that had not been yet identified. Breaking news reports on the explosions on radio and television prompted relatives of concert attendees to drive to Riocentro in search of more information, leading to increased traffic and causing a commotion in the surroundings.
Reactions and government response
At the concert, Gonzaguinha communicated the happenings of that evening to the audience. In a speech he said "these two bombs represent exactly a fight to destroy that which we all want, a democracy, freedom". He further urged the audience to "remember this very well" because next's year May Day celebration "depend[ed] on [them]". Approached after the show ended, Chico Buarque said that if true, the bombing was "nameless cowardice" and a "terrorist attack against the First of May show, against the First of May, [...] and against the Brazilian people, I think, regardless of the music being played".
On 2 May the Commander of the First Army Division, General Gentil Marcondes Filho, declared that the men were in an "information mission, in service of the First Army [Division]". When asked if Machado was the victim or author of the explosions, Marcondes Filho answered that he was "obviously" a victim, "unless proven otherwise". Marcondes Filho had attended the funeral of Rosário, who was buried with military honors, at the Cemetery of Irajá, and later arrived at Hospital Miguel Couto to visit Captain Machado. In an interview at the hospital he said "whatever is investigated will be [publicly] disclosed". That day, colleagues of Machado and the widow of Rosário revealed to the press that both men worked for the DOI-CODI.
Political reactions to the events were swift. On 2 May Minister of Justice Ibrahim Abi-Ackel said the bomb "exploded inside the government" in a statement repudiating the explosions. Abi-Ackel guaranteed, however, that the incident would not affect the abertura process. In a statement, Minas Gerais Senator Tancredo Neves described the incident as the "last rattle of the reaction defeated in the polls and sweeped from [its] ranks". PMDB secretary-general and Rio Grande do Sul Senator Pedro Simon expressed his fears that the terrorist violence would go unpunished and bemoaned the "incompetence of the government" in investigating it. Congressional leaders denounced the act as terrorism and expressed concern that hardliners wanted to sabotage the abertura. A Planalto source spoke of the news of the explosion as a surprise to the administration.
On 1 May the First Army Division launched a military police inquiry (IPM) to investigate the incidents at Riocentro. On 3 May the Federal Police also opened an investigation, according to the press secretary of the Ministry of Justice.
According to O Globo in 2018, a May 1981 U.S. intelligence document previously located in the State Dept. showed early evidence of the attack being coordinated by the military and not left-wing organizations. The document does not ascribe the attack to President Figueiredo, who did not "necessarily need to be involved in any way with the actions of the Army in these incidents". The document, kept in the National Archives in Rio, also describes the Figueiredo administration's actions to prevent a crisis by promising to publish results of the investigation and maintain the regular agenda to try and keep stories about Riocentro away from the news media.
Legal action
In 1999, fourteen years after the redemocratization of Brazil, an inquiry on the attack was opened by federal prosecutor Gilda Berer. It concluded that Rosário and Machado were responsible for the crime, in addition to former National Intelligence directors Newton Cruz and Freddie Perdigão. The Superior Military Court moved to shelve the case under Brazilian amnesty law.
In April 2014 the National Truth Commission (CNV), established by the federal government in 2011 to investigate human rights violations from 1946 to 1988, released their report on the Riocentro case. CNV concluded that military authorities were not only aware of the attack beforehand, but were also behind decisions to reduce policing that night, lock emergency exits at Riocentro and cover up the subsequent controversy. The report further stated that the attack aimed at "obstruct[ing] the political abertura process" and was planned to be the "largest terrorist attack in the history of Brazil", but its failed execution reframed it as an "episode that reveals the violence of the dictatorial State against Brazilian society".
In 2014 five military men and a police chief were charged with first-degree murder and criminal conspiracy for their involvement in the operation, after renewed investigations by Federal Public Prosecution. In September 2019 the Superior Court of Justice of Brazil ruled in favor of archiving the criminal suit against the six men, citing that it was not possible to characterize the attack as a crime against humanity and that the suit was in violation of Article 5 of the Constitution, which prohibits ex post facto enforcement of the law.
See also
Military dictatorship in Brazil
Missão 115, a 2018 documentary on the attack
References
Works cited
1981 in Brazil
Military dictatorship in Brazil
False flag operations
External links
Brasil Escola article
Four volumes of the Military Police Inquiry reports on Riocentro
The Eyes of the Heart: a memoir of the lost and found (1999), is the fourth of four partial autobiographies written by Frederick Buechner. Published in 1999, the work moves between a number of vignettes from the author's life, remembering friendships, and imagining conversations with lost family members.
Overview
Buechner's fourth memoir begins with a description of his study, ‘the Magic Kingdom', which, he explains, was named ‘as a kind of joke – part Disneyland, part the Land of Oz'. The author uses objects in the study, photographs, paintings, pieces of sculpture, books, and furniture, as a way into discussing memories of particular moments, people, and occasions associated with them. In his description, Buechner gives the names of a number of the authors whose books feature on his shelves and have formed his work. These include Herman Melville, Lancelot Andrewes, John Donne, Jonathan Swift, Henry James, Mark Twain, and Anthony Trollope. Concerning the latter, he writes:It is the sound of Trollope's voice that I think I cherish most about him. He never rants or preaches or sobs like Dickens. He is rarely ironic or arch like Jane Austen, or tongue-in-cheek like Thackeray, whom he knew and much admired. He simply goes on speaking unostentatiously, clearly, honestly, as if there is all the time in the world for telling us everything he wants us to know in order to spin out his tale.Several of the books prompt Buechner to recall the process of researching his tenth, eleventh, and twelfth novels – Godric (1980), Brendan (1987), and The Son of Laughter (1993). The author also remembers in detail the summer spent writing his first novel, A Long Day's Dying (1950), in the company of his friend, the poet James Merrill. Buechner considers his lifelong friendship with Merrill, culminating in the poet's death in 1995, and their final phone call on the previous day:He was having some difficulty breathing, but otherwise sounded entirely himself. He said he was glad that whatever was happening to him was happening far from home where he wouldn't be “smothered with concern,” as he put it. He said that he was in no serious pain and that when they had given him some Welch's grape juice sorbet earlier in the day, it had tasted so good to him he had asked for another. He asked me to stay in touch with his mother and sent his love to my wife. I told him I would say some powerful prayers for him, and he said, “That is exactly what I want you to do.” He called me “my dearest friend,” which I couldn't remember his ever having done before, and when I phoned the next morning to find out how things were going with him, I was told that he had died a few hours earlier. It was only then that I realized that the purpose of his call had of course been to say goodbye, and ever since then the ground I stand on has felt less sure and solid beneath my feet.'The author also reflects on his family, particularly on his relationship with his mother and his two grandmothers, the latter of which, he imagines a conversation with in his study. The memoir concludes with further reflections on the suicide of his father and his uncle, his memories of the birth of his brother, Jamie, their childhood together in Bermuda, their friendship as adults, and finally his passing in 1998.
Themes
As with Buechner's previous three memoirs – The Sacred Journey (1982), Now and Then (1983), and Telling Secrets (1991) – The Eyes of the Heart discusses many of the themes that have come to be associated with the work of Frederick Buechner: faith, tragedy, the extraordinary nature of the ordinary, and, as Buechner scholar Dale Brown puts it, ‘the big idea that runs like a steady current through his career – the possibility of joy in the midst of puzzling reality.' More than the previous works, however, this final autobiographical work considers the theme of death and the afterlife, as the author recalls the passing of those nearest to him. Commenting upon Buechner's memoirs, Brown writes that the autobiographical works ‘illustrate Buechner's theory of what he calls the “sacred function of memory” – the obliteration of the artificial designations of past, present, and future in order to reinhabit and reunderstand the moments of our lives.'
References
Autobiographies
1999 books
1999 non-fiction books
American autobiographies
Literary autobiographies
Books by Frederick Buechner
Asmalı is a village in the Gölhisar district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Gölhisar District
The Ananta Samakhom Throne Hall ( : Phra Thinang Anantasamakhom: translated as 'The place of immense gathering') is a royal reception hall in Dusit Palace in Bangkok, Thailand. It was commissioned by King Chulalongkorn (Rama V) in 1908. The building was completed in 1915, five years after Rama V's death in 1910. It is now employed from time to time for state occasions.
Until October 2017, when it indefinitely closed to the public, the hall was open to visitors as a museum and housed the Arts of the Kingdom exhibition, which showcased handicrafts produced under the sponsorship of the Queen Sirikit Institute.
History
One year after the completion of the Amphorn Sathan Residential Hall in 1906, King Chulalongkorn (Rama V) commissioned the construction of a grand European-style reception hall for use by the royal court inside Dusit Palace. The king named the hall Phra Thinang Ananta Samakhom. The name was the same as a throne hall built by his father King Mongkut (Rama IV) in 1859, in the Grand Palace. The old throne hall was later demolished by order of Chulalongkorn and the name was later reused for the new edifice.
Chulalongkorn laid the foundation stone of the throne hall on the 40th anniversary of his first coronation 11 November 1908. Design of the throne hall, to be built in Italian Renaissance and neoclassical style, was first given to the Prussian C. Sandreczki. Later, two Italian architects Mario Tamagno and Annibale Rigotti took over much of the work, with engineering work by Carlo Allegri and G.E. Gollo. Marble from Carrara, Italy and other foreign materials were used. Italian sculptor Vittorio Novi, who would later also work on the Mahadthai Udthit Bridge (สะพานมหาดไทยอุทิศ), was employed with his nephew Rudolfo Nolli. Construction took eight years and was completed in 1915 during the reign of King Vajiravudh (Rama VI). The throne hall was used for royal ceremonies and receptions, as well as a gallery for the king's art collection mostly purchased on his two trips to Europe.
During the four days of the 1932 Revolution (24–27 June), the Khana Ratsadon (or the People's Party) used the throne hall as its headquarters. The party also held several princes and royal ministers as hostages inside the hall as it carried out its coup. The events transformed the country's political system from an absolute monarchy to a constitutional democracy. After the revolution, the hall was taken over by the constitutional government and the country's first parliament, the National People's Assembly of Siam was first convened here on the 28 June 1932. Henceforth the hall was used as the seat of the legislative branch until 1974 when the new Parliament House was opened to the north. After the move, the structure was returned to the royal court and once more became a part of the Dusit Palace. Today many ceremonies are held in the throne hall, the most visible being the state opening of parliament, where the king gives a speech from the throne, opening the legislative session of the National Assembly of Thailand.
Exterior
The throne hall is a two-storey construction with a large dome (49.5 m high) in the centre, surrounded by six smaller domes. The domes and walls are covered with paintings by Galileo Chini and Carlo Riguli depicting the history of the Chakri Dynasty, from the first to the sixth reign.
In front of the hall is the Royal Plaza with the equestrian statue of King Chulalongkorn (Rama V).
Interior
Frescos in the Ananta Samakhom Throne Hall were accomplished by Galileo Chini and Carlo Riguli, who were the royal artists serving King Rama V. There are paintings on every ceiling and wall of the dome depicting the history of the Chakri Dynasty. The northern dome exhibits the picture of King Rama I'm leading his armies back to Thailand after defeating the Khmer and later crowned as the first king of the Chakri dynasty. The eastern dome shows the contribution of King Rama II and King Rama III to arts by ordering constructions of the royal temples. The southern dome displays King Rama V's abolition of slavery. Pictures of King Rama IV (King Mongkut) surrounded by priests of various faiths are shown on the western dome, depicting the king's advocacy of all religions. Mural paintings in the middle hall narrate the royal duties of King Rama V and King Rama VI. Other parts of the hall are decorated with King Rama V's and King Rama VI's monograms, including a variety of royal emblems such as the Garuda emblem. On the balcony of the middle hall, art nouveau paintings are decorated on the walls with pictures of European women holding flower garlands.
Visitors
The throne previously hosted the Arts of the Kingdom exhibition, which showcased handicrafts produced under the sponsorship of the Queen Sirikit Institute. It indefinitely closed to visitors since 1 October 2017. The Arts of the Kingdom exhibition will be relocated to Ayutthaya Province.
See also
Other buildings by Mario Tamagno and/or Annibale Rigotti:
Hua Lamphong Railway Station
Government House of Thailand
References
Citations
Bibliography
Pantown: online society for every one (Retrieved on 9 October 2013) www.pantown.com/group.php?display=content&id=43359&name=content11&area=3
Silp hang phan din(Arts of the kingdom): Phra tee nung anantasamakhom (Retrieved on 9 October 2013) www.artsofthekingdom.com/th/index.php?page=throne
External links
Dusit Palace
Buildings and structures in Bangkok
Museums in Bangkok
Marble buildings
Government buildings completed in 1915
Government buildings with domes
Unregistered ancient monuments in Bangkok
Renaissance Revival architecture in Thailand
Thailand
Parliament of Thailand
Marcus & Millichap, Inc. is an American company that provides real estate brokerage, mortgage brokerage, research, and advisory services in the U.S. and Canada in the field of commercial property. It popularized the practice of listing properties exclusively with one brokerage firm. The company has nearly 2,000 employees in more than 80 offices across the U.S. and Canada.
History
The company was founded in Palo Alto in 1971 by George M. Marcus.
William Millichap was one of the first salespeople Marcus hired, and was made a partner in 1976. The company was incorporated in California on August 26, 1976 as G. M. Marcus & Company, and was renamed as Marcus & Millichap, Inc. in August 1978.
In 2013, it became a public company via an initial public offering.
In December 2015, Marcus & Millichap expanded its institutional property market in the areas of office and industrial with the creation of Institutional Property Advisors (IPA)
In May 2016, Hessam Nadji was named Chief Executive Officer.
In 2018, Marcus & Millichap expanded its Canadian presence with the acquisition of McGill Commercial. In the same year, Marcus & Millichap acquired Primecorp in Canada.
In 2019, Marcus & Millichap further expanded in Canada when it acquired Form Real Estate Advisors
In 2020, Marcus & Millichap expanded its Marcus & Millichap Capital Corp (MMCC) division with the acquisitions of Metropolitan Capital Advisors, Mission Capital and LMI Capital.
References
1971 establishments in California
Companies based in Calabasas, California
Real estate companies established in 1971
Real estate services companies of the United States
Athletics Kenya (AK) is the governing body for the sport of athletics (track and field) in Kenya. It is a member of World Athletics and Confederation of African Athletics. AK organises athletics competitions held in Kenya. It also sends Kenyan teams to international championships. Jackson Tuwei is the current chairman of Athletics Kenya. AK is headquartered in Riadha House, next to Nyayo National Stadium, Nairobi.
History
Kenya Amateur Athletics Association
Athletics (track and field) in Kenya was governed by an organization known as Kenya Amateur Athletics Association (KAAA) from 1951 until 2002 when the organization changed the name to Athletics Kenya (AK). Archie Evans is credited for starting organized athletics and forming Kenya Amateur Athletics Association (KAAA) in 1951. Evans became the secretary of the newly formed KAAA and Derek Erskine became its first chairman. The association was formed as a requirement in any country wishing to send athletes to international competitions, especially the British Empire and Commonwealth Games.
Following the formation of KAAA, Kenya was represented for the first time in the 5th edition of British Empire and Commonwealth Games in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada in 1954 and subsequent championships. The association changed its name to Athletics Kenya (AK) in 2002, the current governing body of the sport of athletics in Kenya.
Athletics Kenya
Kenya is a powerful nation in Athletics, but the talent is limited to long and middle distance running. Famous Kenyan runners typically come from districts like Keiyo, Marakwet and Nandi in western Kenya. Almost all of them represent Kalenjin tribes. Jehoshaphat Kimutai is one of the AKA Legends.
Kenyan Championships are held in summer, but separate trials are used to pick athletes for major international championships. Top Kenyan athletes usually attend these events, since those who skip them are likely miss major championships as well. Many leading Kenyan runners mostly compete in Europe, national championships and trials are the only event where local spectators can see them competing.
Other competitions organised by AK include series of track and cross-country meetings and number of road races. Kenya hosts three annual marathon events. Nairobi Marathon is the youngest, but is now leading in competitiveness and participation. Others are Mombasa Marathon and Great Lake Marathon, which is held in Kisumu. Additionally, there is a competition known as a Lewa Marathon, which involves races equal to full (42 km) and half marathon, but it is a cross-country race and thus cannot be classified as a marathon. Nevertheless, the half marathon event of Lewa Marathon has allured many Kenyan international runner and the event has been won by Paul Tergat, Catherine Ndereba and Joyce Chepchumba in recent years.
Many Kenyan runners are affiliated to governmental organisations like Armed Forces, Kenya Prisons or Kenya Police, which provide livelihood as well as training. In addition there are several private athletics clubs, like Mfae (based in Nyahururu) and Kiptenden (based in Kericho).
Athletics Kenya operates an Athletics Museum in Riadha House, Nairobi. The museum was opened on November 1, 2006.
AK has been awarded the Kenyan Sports Federation of the Year award in 2006 2009 and 2010
National championships
Athletics Kenya is responsible for holding the national championships and selection trials to Olympic and World Championship competitions.
2015 Athletics Kenya World Championship Trials
2016 Athletics Kenya Olympic Trials
Chairmen
Derek Erskine (1951–1964)
Musembi Mbathi (1964–1968)
Bartonjo Rotich (1968–1972)
Charles Mukora (1972–1974)
Sam Ongeri (1974–1984)
Paul Boit (1984–1992)
Isaiah Kiplagat (1992-2015)
Jackson Tuwei (2015-Present)
Kit suppliers
Kenya's kits are currently supplied by Nike.
See also
List of Kenyan records in athletics
Kenya national athletics team
References
Mr. Derek: The racing guru who started amateur athletics in Kenya
Informative site about Kenyan women runners
Athletics Kenya Chairmen
External links
Kenyan Athlete
Athletics Kenya
Athletics Kenya Museum
List of Kenyan Championships winners
Kenyanrunners.com
Kenya
Athletics in Kenya
Sports governing bodies in Kenya
National governing bodies for athletics
Sports organizations established in 1951
1951 establishments in the British Empire
