Derek Leslie Conway TD (born 15 February 1953) is an English politician and television presenter. A member of the Conservative Party, Conway served as a Member of Parliament (MP) for the constituency of Shrewsbury and Atcham from 1983 to 1997, and Old Bexley and Sidcup from 2001 to 2010. He is currently a presenter of Epilogue, a book review programme on Press TV, an English-language international television news channel funded by the Iranian government.
In January 2008, Conway announced that he would stand down at the next general election after a Commons standards committee found that he had employed his son Freddie, a full-time student at Newcastle University, as a political researcher using public funds, despite there being no record of his son doing any work at Westminster. As a result, Conservative Party leader David Cameron withdrew the whip from Conway, effectively expelling him from the Parliamentary Conservative group. He received considerable criticism from the press concerning the misuse of funds.
Early life
Conway was born in Gateshead and was educated at Beacon Hill Comprehensive School in the town, Gateshead Technical College, and Newcastle upon Tyne Polytechnic.
In 1974, at the age of 21, Conway was elected as a councillor of the Metropolitan Borough of Gateshead council. In 1977, he was also elected to the Tyne and Wear County Council, and was the Conservative group leader from 1979 until 1982. He stepped down from the county council in 1983, when he was elected to Westminster. At Gateshead he was the Deputy Conservative Group Leader for some years and remained a councillor at Gateshead until 1987, while simultaneously a Member of Parliament
At the October 1974 general election he unsuccessfully contested the safe Labour parliamentary constituency of Durham, being defeated by the sitting member, Mark Hughes, by 18,116 votes. At the 1979 general election Conway contested the more marginal seat of Newcastle upon Tyne East and was again defeated, this time by Labour's Mike Thomas and by 6,176 votes.
Member of Parliament for Shrewsbury and Atcham
Conway was first elected to parliament for Shrewsbury and Atcham at the 1983 general election, following the retirement of the long serving Conservative member for Shrewsbury, John Langford-Holt, securing a majority of 8,624.
In 1985, Conway became a member of the Agriculture Select committee, and after the 1987 general election he joined the Transport Select Committee. In 1988 he was appointed as the Parliamentary Private Secretary (PPS) to the Minister of State at the Wales Office, Wyn Roberts, serving until 1991.
Following the 1992 general election Conway became the PPS to Michael Forsyth, Minister of State at the Department for Employment. In 1993 Conway was promoted by John Major to serve as an Assistant Government Whip, the next year becoming a Lord Commissioner to the Treasury, or 'full whip'. He was again promoted within the Whips' Office when he became the Vice Chamberlain of HM Household in 1996.
Conway held the Shrewsbury and Atcham seat until he was defeated at the 1997 general election, when the Conservative Party nationally lost more than half of the seats it had held before the election. He was beaten by Labour's Paul Marsden, whose majority was 1,670.
In his book titled The Political Animal, Jeremy Paxman recounts Conway's reflections on his defeat: "'Had it not been for James Goldsmith's intervention I'd have won. He died of pancreatic cancer,' he [Conway] says, and then adds in the most chilling tone, 'I hear it's the most painful of deaths. I'm so pleased.'", although the number of votes by Goldsmith's Referendum Party was underneath Labour's majority in 1997, meaning Conway would have still lost the seat by several hundred votes if there had been no candidate from the party.
After his defeat Conway became the chief executive at the Cats Protection charity.
Old Bexley and Sidcup
Conway was out of the Commons until the general election, 2001 when he was elected as the member of parliament for the south London seat of Old Bexley and Sidcup, previously held by the former Prime Minister and Father of the House of Commons, Edward Heath. Conway defended Heath against accusations of homosexual behaviour.
He retained the seat with a majority of 3,345 in 2005. From his re-election he was a member of the Defence Select Committee. He is a Eurosceptic (even voting against the Single European Act that had the backing of Margaret Thatcher's government), and supports the return of capital punishment.
Investigation and withdrawal of whip
Conway employed his son Freddie as a part-time researcher, while Freddie was on a full-time degree course at the University of Newcastle. Conway paid his son the part-time equivalent of a £25,970 salary, amounting to a sum in excess of £40,000 over three years, including pension contributions.
Conway was reported to the Committee on Standards and Privileges by former Metropolitan Police Inspector Michael Barnbrook, who had stood against him in the 2005 general election as a UKIP candidate. After an investigation, in January 2008 the Committee found there was "no record" of what work Freddie had done, and said the £1,000-plus a month he was paid was too high. They recommended that the House order him to repay a sum of £13,000 and that he be suspended for 10 sitting days. However, in a subsequent interview with the Mail on Sunday, Derek Conway disputed the allegation that Freddie Conway had rarely travelled from Newcastle to Westminster, instead stating that Freddie "would go up and down like a fiddler's elbow".
In light of the evidence, Conservative party leader David Cameron decided to withdraw the Conservative Party Whip, rendering Conway free of any Parliamentary Conservative constraints, effectively leaving him as an independent MP.
Conway announced on 30 January 2008 that he would not fight the next general election, stating: "I have concluded that it's now time to step down." He declared that he did not wish his "personal circumstances to be a distraction" from David Cameron's leadership.
The ruling did not involve the elder son, Henry Conway, as he was not the subject of the original complaint, but John Lyon, who had recently taken on the post of Parliamentary commissioner for standards, received complaints about similar payments to Henry while he was also a student and doing the "job" which Freddie took over. Lyon decided a complaint from Duncan Borrowman merited investigation.
On 29 January 2009, almost a year after the previous report, a further report was published by the House of Commons Standards and Privileges Committee into the employment of Mr Conway's elder son Henry. There was some evidence of Henry working for his salary, but his father was ordered to pay back £3,758 which had been overpaid and to write a letter of apology to the chairman of the committee.
On 2 February 2009, Conway apologised in the House of Commons. Conway told the Commons he accepted "without any reservation" that he had breached the rules of the House. He withdrew comments made previously in which he accused Labour of using his story to deflect attention from the row over money paid to peers.
In May 2009 as part of its Disclosure of expenses of British Members of Parliament, the Sunday Telegraph revealed that Conway had claimed the Second Home Allowance on a house in Northumberland 330 miles from his constituency.
After parliament
Conway is currently a presenter of Epilogue, a book review programme on Press TV, an English-language international television news channel funded by the Iranian government. In Jeremy Paxman's book The Political Animal (2002) Conway is quoted as saying "I miss the pressures. I love living on the edge".
Personal life
Conway has been married to Colette Elizabeth Mary Lamb since 1980 and they have two sons and a daughter.
Conway was commissioned into the 6th Battalion, Royal Regiment of Fusiliers (Territorial Army) in 1977. He was promoted lieutenant in 1979 and captain in 1981. In 1982 he transferred to 5th Battalion, The Light Infantry. He was promoted major in 1987, was awarded the Territorial Decoration in 1990 and transferred to the Reserve in 1994. He has also been an executive for Granada Television, a Sunday school teacher and a charity organiser for the National Fund for Research into Crippling Diseases (1974–1983) and the Cats Protection League (chief executive from 1998 to 2003). He is a Freeman of the City of London.
References
External links
Guardian Unlimited Politics – Ask Aristotle: Derek Conway MP
TheyWorkForYou.com – Derek Conway MP
1953 births
Living people
Alumni of Northumbria University
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
Councillors in Tyne and Wear
Royal Regiment of Fusiliers officers
The Light Infantry officers
UK MPs 1983–1987
UK MPs 1987–1992
UK MPs 1992–1997
UK MPs 2001–2005
UK MPs 2005–2010
Press TV people
Independent members of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1506.
Events
unknown date – Italian poet Ludovico Ariosto begins writing Orlando Furioso (the earliest version published in 1516; first complete version published 1532).
New books
Poetry
Publio Fausto Andrelini – Eclogues
William Dunbar –
Stephen Hawes – The Passtyme of Pleasure
Niccolò Machiavelli – The First Decade (Decennale primo)
Births
February 1 (approximate – George Buchanan, Scottish humanist historian, scholar and poet (died 1582)
August 12 – Franciscus Sonnius, Dutch counter-Reformation theologian (died 1576)
October – Louis de Blois, Flemish mystical writer (died 1566)
December 8 – Veit Dietrich, German theologian, writer and reformer (died 1549)
Unknown dates
Abderrahman El Majdoub, North African poet, Sufi and mystic
Michael Helding (Sidonius), Roman Catholic bishop, scholar, writer and humanist (died 1561)
probable
Richard Grafton, English chronicler and King's Printer (died 1573)
Hwang Jini, Korean woman kisaeng and poet (died c. 1560)
Deaths
February 16 – Jakub of Gostynin, Polish philosopher (born c.1454)
May 2 – Johannes von Soest, German composer, theorist and poet (born 1448)
unknown date – Mihri Hatun, Ottoman Anatolian female poet
References
1506
1506 books
Years of the 16th century in literature
Shrinkwrapped may refer to:
An item covered in shrink wrap
""Shrinkwrapped"", a track from Shrinkwrapped (album) by English band Gang of Four
"Shrink-Wrapped", an episode of the American TV series Law & Order: Criminal Intent
See also
Shrink wrap (disambiguation)
Plastic wrap
Stretch wrap
Vivienne Harris (née Hytner; 7 November 1921 – 4 March 2011) was a British businesswoman, newspaper publisher and journalist who co-founded the Jewish Telegraph in December 1950 with her husband, Frank Harris. The couple married in 1949.
Career
She was born Vivienne Hytner in Prestwich, Lancashire, England. Frank Harris, a freelance journalist, had relocated to Manchester from London. She and her husband co-founded the weekly Jewish Telegraph in their dining room in Salford, Greater Manchester, in 1950. Vivienne Harris oversaw much of the newspaper's expansion from its origins as a four-page weekly paper during the next sixty years, until 2011. Under Harris, the Jewish Telegraph expanded to local editions in Leeds, Liverpool and Glasgow, as well as Manchester. Her husband and newspaper co-founder Frank Harris died in 1979. Their son, Paul, became group editor while Vivienne remained financial director and co-owner until her death.
In June 1997, Harris was the recipient of the MBE for her contributions to journalism and to Greater Manchester. Harris was active in numerous charitable organizations, including Save the Children, the Citizens Advice Bureau of Salford, the League of Jewish Women, St Ann's Hospice and the Jewish Day Centre.
She addressed attendees at the Jewish Telegraphs 60th anniversary dinner in December 2010. Dignitaries at the event, which was held at the Radisson Blu Hotel at Manchester International Airport, included Bury's Lord Mayor and Mayoress, John and Brenda Byrne.
Death
Vivienne Harris died at her home in Broughton Park on 4 March 2011, aged 89. She was survived by her sons, Paul, the Jewish Telegraphs present owner and editor and Jonathan.
References
1921 births
2011 deaths
20th-century British newspaper founders
20th-century British newspaper publishers (people)
British newspaper executives
Members of the Order of the British Empire
British Jews
People from Salford
People from Broughton, Greater Manchester
British women company founders
21st-century British businesspeople
20th-century British businesswomen
21st-century British businesswomen
False Impression is a mystery novel by English author Jeffrey Archer, first published in February 2005 by Macmillan (). The novel was published in several countries.
Plot summary
False Impression concerns an international journey through several countries and continents, including London, New York, Bucharest and Tokyo, and includes historical information about the September 11 attacks on New York, which the protagonist, Anna Petrescu, escapes after being fired by the dishonest banker Bryce Fenston. From this point on, the book tells the story of Anna trying to help Arabella Wentworth, a British aristocrat, to recover her family's fortune by selling a historical painting by Vincent van Gogh, which Bryce Fenston is intent on acquiring. She is followed closely by Olga Krantz, a mercenary on service to Fenston, and by Jack Delaney, an FBI agent who is investigating Fenston and trying to discover if Anna is still working for Fenston. Anna succeeds in throwing both off her trail and makes arrangements to sell the painting to a Japanese steel magnate. In the end Krantz is shot, for the second time in a few days, and later captured and sent to the Belmarsh prison. The painting is successfully sold to the steel magnate, Anna accepts a job as CEO of his foundation, Jack Delaney gathers enough proof to arrest Fenston and Anna and Jack begin a romantic relationship.
External links
2005 British novels
Novels by Jeffrey Archer
Macmillan Publishers books
Tamar Sanikidze () (born 30 August 1978 in Tbilisi) is a Georgian politician, Minister of Education and Science of Georgia since 18 July 2013 until the announcement of her resignation on June 3rd of 2016.
Education
Tamar attended Tbilisi State University from 1995 to 1998, earning a bachelor's degree, specializing in English literature. She received a master's degree at the Georgian Institute of Public Affairs in 2000, and participated in the University of Glasgow Distance Learning Program from 2003 to 2007.
Posts held
Tamar was a leading specialist for the Naval Department of the Ministry of Transport from March 1998 to July 1999.
She has held multiple positions in the Georgian Urban Institute. From 2006 to 2009, she was the financial manager for the institute, and a purchasing manager from July 2005 to May 2006. In 2005, she was made the coordinator of the institute's Resource Management Program. She was also a financial manager for the Institute of Public Affairs from 2009 to October 2012. She was appointed as Minister of Education and Science the same year, replacing Deputy Giorgi Margvelashvili, who became President of Georgia.
From May 2001 to September 2003, she was the Deputy Financial Director of the Black & Veach (UK) LTD in the Tbilisi Financial Project. From November 2000 to May 2001, she was assigned to assess construction works for the same company.
Criticisms
Sanikidze's tenure as Education Minister came under repeated criticism for the low number of teachers who passed their professional exams.
References
1978 births
Living people
Government ministers of Georgia (country)
Politicians from Tbilisi
Tbilisi State University alumni
Patrick Lyon may refer to:
Patrick Lyon, 1st Lord Glamis (1402–1459), Scottish nobleman
Patrick Lyon, 3rd Earl of Strathmore and Kinghorne (1643–1695), Scottish peer and nobleman
Patrick Lyon of Auchterhouse (1669–1715), his son
Patrick Lyon, 1st Earl of Kinghorne (c. 1575–1615), Scottish landowner
Patrick Lyon (blacksmith) (1769–1829), Scottish-born American blacksmith and builder of hand-pumped fire engines
See also
Patrick Bowes-Lyon (1863–1946), British tennis player and barrister
Patrick Bowes-Lyon, 15th Earl of Strathmore and Kinghorne (1884–1949), British nobleman
Patrick Lyons (disambiguation)
Kwong Shan Tsuen () is a village in Tuen Mun District, Hong Kong.
Administration
Kwong Shan Tsuen is one of the 36 villages represented within the Tuen Mun Rural Committee.
External links
Delineation of area of existing village Kwong Shan Tsuen (Tuen Mun) for election of resident representative (2019 to 2022)
Villages in Hong Kong
Tuen Mun District
Dominican Republic competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 to 18 September 2016.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Athletics
Men's Track
Cycling
With one pathway for qualification being one highest ranked NPCs on the UCI Para-Cycling male and female Nations Ranking Lists on 31 December 2014, the Dominican Republic qualified for the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio, assuming they continued to meet all other eligibility requirements.
Road
Track
Pursuits and time trials
See also
Dominican Republic at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Dominican Republic sport
Tubmill Branch is a long 2nd order tributary to the Swan Creek in Kent County, Delaware. This stream is one of two that are named Tubmill Branch in the United States. The other is in Caroline County, Maryland.
Course
Tubmill Branch rises on the Lednum Branch divide about 0.5 miles south of Lynch Heights, Delaware. Tubmill Branch then flows northeast then southeast to meet Swan Creek at Hall Estates, Delaware.
Watershed
Tubmill Branch drains of area, receives about 45.7 in/year of precipitation, has a topographic wetness index of 552.59 and is about 8.3% forested.
See also
List of Delaware rivers
Maps
References
Rivers of Delaware
Rivers of Kent County, Delaware
Fortissat is one of the twenty-one wards used to elect members of the North Lanarkshire Council. Created in 2007, it originally returned three councillors; a 2017 national review resulted in no changes in the boundaries but an extra seat being added. The ward's territory covers the town of Shotts and surrounding areas (including Allanton, Bonkle, Harthill, Hartwood, Morningside and Salsburgh) with a population of 15,730 in 2019.
Councillors
Election results
2022 election
2017 election
2017 by-election
Conservative candidate Sandy Thornton refused to sign his acceptance of office, resulting in the seat becoming vacant on 28 June 2017. A by-election took place on 7 September 2017 and was won by Clare Quigley of the Scottish Labour Party.
2021 by-election
On 8 May 2018, councillor Tommy Cochrane resigned from the SNP and became an Independent, citing lack of SNP support in the area. He resigned his seat on 18 March 2020 saying he was increasingly unable to manage personal and work commitments. A by-election was held in 2021 (delayed by the COVID-19 pandemic in Scotland), won by Labour's Peter Kelly.
2012 election
2007 election
References
Wards of North Lanarkshire
Shotts
1977 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the 71st water polo championship in Hungary. There were twelve teams who played two-round match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
1977 in water polo
1977 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
Hartleyville is an unincorporated community in Marion Township, Lawrence County, Indiana.
Hartleyville was named for its founder, Charles Hartley.
Geography
Hartleyville is located at at an elevation of .
References
Unincorporated communities in Lawrence County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Rhodacra pyrrhocrossa is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Thailand, Japan, Taiwan, India and Australia.
The forewings are fuscous, although the apical halves of the scales are pale. The hindwings are blackish purple.
References
Moths described in 1912
Olethreutini
Moths of Japan
is a Japanese football player for Consadole Sapporo, currently playing in the J1 League.
Career statistics
Club
References
External links
Profile at Nagoya Grampus
1996 births
Living people
Association football people from Tokyo
Japanese footballers
J1 League players
J2 League players
J3 League players
Nagoya Grampus players
J.League U-22 Selection players
Omiya Ardija players
Hokkaido Consadole Sapporo players
Association football midfielders
is a privately owned airfield in the city Ryūgasaki, Ibaraki, Japan.
The airport was opened on November 11, 1969, as a private venture by Nissho Iwai. Although there are no scheduled flights, it is a base for light aircraft and pilot training. Due to its proximity to Narita International Airport, the airspace around the airport is under traffic control by Narita, and there are certain restrictions on operations. The runway is also used as a drag racing course.
The airport contains the headquarters of New Central Airservice.
References
Airports in Japan
Buildings and structures in Ibaraki Prefecture
Transport in Ibaraki Prefecture
Ryūgasaki, Ibaraki
Jean Jacques Bouhier (14 March 1666, in Dijon – 15 October 1744, in Dijon) was a French cleric and the first bishop of the Diocese of Dijon (holding it from 1731 until his death in 1743, when he was succeeded by his nephew Claude Bouhier de Lantenay).
References
1666 births
1744 deaths
Bishops of Dijon
The 2018-2022 Toronto City Council consists of councillors elected in the 2018 municipal election. The current council term began on December 4, 2018.
In 2018, the Mayor's salary was $192,503 and Councillors was $114,306.
Leadership
The Mayor of Toronto for this term (2018-2022) is John Tory.
City council
Executive committee
Current members of the Committee:
Paul Ainslie
Ana Bailão
Gary Crawford
Denzil Minnan-Wong
Frances Nunziata
James Pasternak
Michael Thompson
John Tory (Chair)
References
Municipal government of Toronto
2018 establishments in Ontario
2010s in Toronto
A combine demolition derby is a demolition derby in which combine harvesters are used. Several fairs in the United States feature demolition derbies using combines, including events in Missouri, Nebraska, Iowa, , Michigan, Ohio, North Dakota, Washington, and Illinois.
Derbies sometimes last for up to three hours. Competitors typically remove heavy or unneeded parts of the combines before competitions and reinforce the front, or header, of the vehicle. A vehicle is deemed eliminated once its header section is destroyed or the combine is immobilized. Competitors attempt to use the header to pop other vehicle's tires, rupture their drive belts, or tear off their header. The competitions can end in ties if the only remaining machines become inextricably tangled together. The competition in Lind, Washington often includes multiple heats, including rounds for event veterans, rookies, and consolation rounds for losers. In Michigan, there is a derby circuit with competitions in several towns.
Competitors use old worn-out combines for the competitions; the use of new combines would be prohibitively expensive. Many, but not all, of the contestants are farmers. Some of the combines used date from the 1960s. The vehicles used in competition often are tall and weigh up to . Some competitions enforce rules about the height of the header, tire standards, age of the contestants, and the location and contents of the gas tank. Most combines are given colorful nicknames by their owners. Many combine owners elaborately decorate their combines. Prizes are sometimes awarded for most impressively decorated combine. Though some competitions offer prizes of $1,500, it is expensive to modify and maintain the combines and some winners lose money overall.
Though the events are usually safe, during the 1999 event in Lind, one competitor suffered a broken leg after falling from his combine. This event led to more rules being enforced at the event, including a prohibition on concrete filled headers.
References
Bibliography
Sports entertainment
Seven Cities of Gold refers to seven cities in Spanish mythology.
It may also refer to:
Seven Cities of Gold (film), a 1955 historical adventure film starring Richard Egan
The Seven Cities of Gold (video game), a 1984 adventure game
Seven Cities of Gold (book), a 2010 book by David Moles
"Seven Cities of Gold", a track on the 2012 Rush album Clockwork Angels
See also
City of Gold (disambiguation)
Seven Cities (disambiguation)
of Rome is a 1981 gay pornographic film made during the Golden Age of Porn. The film was directed by John Christopher and starred George Payne and Scorpio. The film was reportedly financed from a 1980 theft by George Bosque, a Brink's security guard, of almost $2 million. Lloyd's of London, an insurer of Brinks, filed claim to partial ownership of the film. While commonly called the 'most expensive gay porno of all time,' it is only half the budget of To the Last Man, a gay porno produced in 2008.
Plot
Demetrius and Octavius are Roman countrymen sold into slavery for not paying their taxes during Emperor Caligula's reign. Demetrius is purchased by the Emperor and taught to be a "good slave" by Argus while Octavius is claimed by a sadistic commander. The commander wants the bound Demetrius but is refused. Octavius sneaks in while the guards are asleep and frees Demetrius.
Cast
George Payne as Demetrius
David Hadkey as Old Slave
Giuseppe Welch as Bath Slave
Scorpio as Octavius
Roy Garrett as Senator
John Kovacs as Senator
Michael Flent as The Emperor
Ed Wiley as Argus
Eric Ryan as Sadistic Commander
Ryder Jones as Bath Slave
Adam De Haven as Claudius
Behind the scenes
Claiming to be one of the most expensive gay films of its time (nearly $100,000 to produce), Centurians of Rome is famous for reportedly having been financed from a 1980 theft of almost $2 million by a Brink's security guard. Lloyd's of London, an insurer of Brinks, thus became one of the co-owners of the film on a technicality.
References
External links
Official Studio Site, Bijou Video
1981 films
Gay pornographic films
1980s pornographic films
Films set in the Roman Empire
1980s English-language films
Drilus is a genus of beetles belonging to the family Elateridae.
List of species
Drilus amabilis Schaufuss, 1867
Drilus atripennis Pic, 1934
Drilus attenuatus Pic, 1914
Drilus basilewskyi Wittmer, 1962
Drilus bicolor Schaufuss, 1867
Drilus concolor Ahrens, 1812
Drilus creticus Pic, 1905
Drilus distincticollis Pic, 1907
Drilus flavescens Olivier, 1790
Drilus frontalis Schaufuss, 1867
Drilus fulvicollis Audouin, 1824
Drilus fulvicornis Kiesenwetter, 1859
Drilus fulvitarsis Baudi di Selve, 1871
Drilus funebris Reitter, 1894
Drilus humeralis Pic, 1931
Drilus iljini Barovskij, 1922
Drilus impressiceps Pic, 1913
Drilus iranicus Wittmer, 1967
Drilus kandyanus Bourgeois, 1903
Drilus latithorax Pic, 1902
Drilus longulus Kiesenwetter, 1859
Drilus mauritanicus Lucas, 1842
Drilus novoathonius Sumakow, 1903
Drilus obscuricornis Pic, 1899
Drilus posticus Schaufuss, 1867
Drilus ramosus Fairmaire, 1883
Drilus rectus Schaufuss, 1867
Drilus rufipes (Baudi, 1871)
Drilus schwarzi Reitter, 1891
Drilus striatus Pic, 1929
Drilus testaceipennis Pic, 1918
Drilus testaceipes Pic, 1933
Drilus truquii (Baudi di Selve, 1871)
Gallery
References
Biolib
Fauna europaea
A.G. Kirejtshuk, A. Herrmann Beetles of genus Drilus
R. Kundrata & L. Bocak
Elateridae
The Thomson TO16 or Thomson TO16PC is a PC compatible personal computer introduced by French company Thomson SA in 1987.
Prototype
The original concept was a machine similar to the Macintosh. Based on this the Thomson TO16 prototype (codename Théodore) was built around a Motorola 68000 processor with an Intel 82716 graphics chipset. The operating system chosen was OS-9, a preemptive multitasking system similar to Unix. It also featured an integrated 20MB SCSI hard drive.
Work on the prototype was carried on between 1985 and 1988, with five machines built.
This concept was abandoned in favor of a PC compatible architecture, with the TO16 model designation being kept.
Specifications
Motorola 68000 @ 8Mhz CPU
2 MB RAM
Two video modes: 320x200 with 256 colors; 640x270 with 16 colors
Mouse
3"1/2 floppy drive
20 MB SCSI hard drive
Thomson TO16
The Thomson TO16 is a IBM PC compatible machine, running MS-DOS 3.2 with MS-DOS Manager and GW-BASIC.
The CPU is an Intel 8088 capable of running at 9.54Mhz on turbo mode with 512KB of RAM and a CGA graphic card with expanded abilities.
Specifications
CPU Intel 8088 running at 4.77 or 9.54 MHz
support for Intel 8087 co-processor
512 KB of RAM, expandable to 768 KB on the motherboard.
32 KB of ROM
IBM Monochrome Display Adapter, Hercules Graphics Card, CGA and Plantronics Colorplus compatible graphic card
Internal 5"1/4 360 KB disc drive
Two ISA expansion slots
Connections for an external disk drive
RS-232C Serie and Centronics Parallel (Micro ribbon connector) interfaces
Optional Modem
Hardware versions
The original TO16 model was expanded into four variations by adding extra hardware, such as a modem or hard drive.
Thomson TO16PC: original and most basic version
Thomson TO16PCM : 2400 bauds modem
Thomson TO16XPDD : two disc drives
Thomson TO16XPHD : 20 MB hard drive, color monitor and EGA graphics
References
IBM PC compatibles
Home computers
Thomson computers
"The Hermit of Tong" is a missing/lost masterpiece of the English artist, William Armfield Hobday (1771–1831). The painting is a portrait of Carolus, aka Charles Evans, resident Hermit on the estate of Colonel Durant, Tong Castle, Shropshire, England. In the biography of William Armfield Hobday, printed in Arnolds' Library of the Fine Arts in 1831, the painting and hermit are described as follows:
"If, as it is said, genius is more felicitous at one time than another, certain it is that Hobday while at Broad Street painted a picture, the like of which he never did before nor after; viz. the painting known as the Hermit of Tong, and individual passing under the name of Carolus, living on the estate of Colonel Durant in Staffordshire [actually, Shropshire]. This work is distinguished by a fine subdued brilliancy in the flesh, depth and transparency in the shadows, and great harmony of colouring in the whole. It represented the Hermit at the mouth of his Hermitage, the left elbow resting on a book and hand raised to the temples; the back part of his head was enveloped in a hood, and the transparency of its shadow on the upper part of the head was particularly clear, rich, and well painted, and the folds of his dark brown habit were broad and easy. Altogether this was undoubtedly his chef-d'oevre. Many were the applicants for its purchase; but, with all its Excellencies, no one would give the moderate sum he fixed, of 100 guineas; and this likewise went, like all his other effects, at the sale."
The location of this portrait of the Hermit of Tong is unknown. The last mention of the painting in the literature is in the bankruptcy proceedings, sales of personal goods and effects, of William Armfield Hobday, in London, 1829.
Renewed interest in Hobday's work has created a strong drive to locate this painting, as its value has increased significantly, reputed to be worth 800,000 pounds sterling.
References
English paintings
Lost paintings
Current
The following people are commentators for ESPN's NBA coverage:
Cory Alexander (game analyst and the NBA on ESPN Radio)
Malika Andrews (sideline reporter, 2020–present; also worked as ESPN & ABC's sideline reporter for the 2021 NBA Finals)
Jon Barry (lead radio analyst, TV studio analyst)
Matt Barnes (studio analyst)
Jay Bilas (game analyst)
Mike Breen (lead play-by-play)
Hubie Brown (game analyst)
Doris Burke (lead sideline reporter from 2008–2019, game analyst)
Caron Butler (game analyst)
Kevin Calabro (play-by-play)
P. J. Carlesimo (analyst)
Vince Carter (studio analyst, game analyst)
Ed Cohen (play-by-play)
Kevin Connors (play-by-play)
Mike Corey (play-by-play)
Brian Custer (play-by-play)
Dan Dakich (game analyst)
Rece Davis (studio host, play-by-play)
Jimmy Dykes (game analyst)
LaPhonso Ellis (game analyst)
Len Elmore (game analyst)
Sean Farnham (game analyst)
Dave Flemming (play-by-play)
Fran Fraschilla (game analyst)
Rosalyn Gold-Onwude (Analyst for ESPN Radio)
Mike Greenberg (studio host)
Israel Gutierrez (sideline reporter)
Katie George (sideline reporter)
Cassidy Hubbarth (sideline reporter)
Mark Jackson (co-lead game analyst)
Steve Javie (rules analyst)
Richard Jefferson (studio analyst, game analyst)
Mark Jones (play-by-play)
Marc Kestecher (lead radio play-by-play, alternate TV play-by-play)
Tim Legler (studio analyst)
Steve Levy (play-by-play)
Zach Lowe (contributor)
Jackie MacMullan (contributor)
Sean McDonough (play-by-play)
Monica Mcnutt (sideline reporter for ESPN and ESPN Radio)
Chiney Ogwumike (studio analyst)
Beth Mowins (play-by-play)
Mark Neely (play-by-play)
Dave Pasch (play-by-play)
Kendrick Perkins (studio analyst)
Karl Ravech (play-by-play)
JJ Redick (analyst)
Jalen Rose (studio analyst on Fridays)
Holly Rowe (sideline reporter)
Ryan Ruocco (play-by-play)
Lisa Salters (Lead Sideline reporter)
Adam Schefter (sideline reporter)
Doug Sherman (play-by-play)
Dan Shulman (play-by-play)
Jorge Sedano (sideline reporter, studio host)
Ramona Shelburne (reporter, contributor)
Stephen A. Smith (studio analyst)
Jeff Van Gundy (co-lead game analyst)
Dick Vitale (game analyst)
Bill Walton (game analyst)
Michael Wilbon (studio analyst)
Jay Williams (studio analyst on Fridays, game analyst)
Allison Williams (sideline reporter)
Corey Williams (game analyst)
Brian Windhorst (reporter, contributor)
Bob Wischusen (play-by-play)
Adrian Wojnarowski (NBA insider, studio analyst on Fridays)
Former
The following people were commentators for ESPN's NBA coverage:
Adam Amin (play by play 2016-2020)
Greg Anthony
Michelle Beadle (studio host 2014-2019)
Chauncey Billups (analyst 2018-2020)
Doug Collins (basketball analyst 2014-2017)
Ariel Helwani (sidleine reporter 2019-2021)
Brent Musburger (2003-2005)
Brad Nessler (2003-2004)
Rachel Nichols (sideline reporter/host 2016-2021)
Dan Patrick
Paul Pierce (studio analyst 2017-2021)
Stuart Scott (studio host/reporter 2006 and 2007 NBA Finals)
Maria Taylor (studio host 2019-2021)
Mike Tirico (play by play 2003-2016)
Tom Tolbert analyst 2003-2007)
Stan Van Gundy (analyst/studio analyst 2018-2019)
Rick Carlisle (game analyst 2007-2008)
References
ESPN
ESPN
NBA on ESPN
Fadette is an unincorporated community in Geneva County, Alabama, United States. Fadette is located on Alabama State Route 103, southeast of Slocomb.
History
The community was named by H. A. Smith, who operated the first post office. The meaning of the community's name is uncertain. A post office operated under the name Fadette from 1891 to 1906.
References
Unincorporated communities in Geneva County, Alabama
Unincorporated communities in Alabama
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Walloon town Waterloo, Belgium. This list is part of Belgium's national heritage.
|}
See also
Lists of protected heritage sites in Walloon Brabant
Waterloo, Belgium
References
Belgian heritage register: Direction générale opérationnelle - Aménagement du territoire, Logement, Patrimoine et Energie (DG4)
www.dglive.be
Waterloo, Belgium
Protected heritage sites
Leon L. Campbell (July 1, 1927September 2, 2002) was an American football fullback who played five seasons in the National Football League (NFL) for the Baltimore Colts, the Chicago Bears, and the Pittsburgh Steelers. Campbell played college football at the University of Arkansas before being a 2nd round selection (15th overall pick) in the 1950 NFL Draft.
References
External links
1927 births
2002 deaths
People from Bauxite, Arkansas
Players of American football from Arkansas
American football fullbacks
Arkansas Razorbacks football players
Baltimore Colts (1947–1950) players
Chicago Bears players
Pittsburgh Steelers players
Stegea powelli is a moth in the family Crambidae. It is found in North America, where it has been recorded from California.
References
Moths described in 1972
Glaphyriinae
In mathematical logic, basic fuzzy logic (or shortly BL), the logic of the continuous t-norms, is one of the t-norm fuzzy logics. It belongs to the broader class of substructural logics, or logics of residuated lattices; it extends the logic MTL of all left-continuous t-norms.
Syntax
Language
The language of the propositional logic BL consists of countably many propositional variables and the following primitive logical connectives:
Implication (binary)
Strong conjunction (binary). The sign & is a more traditional notation for strong conjunction in the literature on fuzzy logic, while the notation follows the tradition of substructural logics.
Bottom (nullary — a propositional constant); or are common alternative signs and zero a common alternative name for the propositional constant (as the constants bottom and zero of substructural logics coincide in MTL).
The following are the most common defined logical connectives:
Weak conjunction (binary), also called lattice conjunction (as it is always realized by the lattice operation of meet in algebraic semantics). Unlike MTL and weaker substructural logics, weak conjunction is definable in BL as
Negation (unary), defined as
Equivalence (binary), defined as
As in MTL, the definition is equivalent to
(Weak) disjunction (binary), also called lattice disjunction (as it is always realized by the lattice operation of join in algebraic semantics), defined as
Top (nullary), also called one and denoted by or (as the constants top and zero of substructural logics coincide in MTL), defined as
Well-formed formulae of BL are defined as usual in propositional logics. In order to save parentheses, it is common to use the following order of precedence:
Unary connectives (bind most closely)
Binary connectives other than implication and equivalence
Implication and equivalence (bind most loosely)
Axioms
A Hilbert-style deduction system for BL has been introduced by Petr Hájek (1998). Its single derivation rule is modus ponens:
from and derive
The following are its axiom schemata:
The axioms (BL2) and (BL3) of the original axiomatic system were shown to be redundant (Chvalovský, 2012) and (Cintula, 2005). All the other axioms were shown to be independent (Chvalovský, 2012).
Semantics
Like in other propositional t-norm fuzzy logics, algebraic semantics is predominantly used for BL, with three main classes of algebras with respect to which the logic is complete:
General semantics, formed of all BL-algebras — that is, all algebras for which the logic is sound
Linear semantics, formed of all linear BL-algebras — that is, all BL-algebras whose lattice order is linear
Standard semantics, formed of all standard BL-algebras — that is, all BL-algebras whose lattice reduct is the real unit interval [0, 1] with the usual order; they are uniquely determined by the function that interprets strong conjunction, which can be any continuous t-norm.
Bibliography
Hájek P., 1998, Metamathematics of Fuzzy Logic. Dordrecht: Kluwer.
Ono, H., 2003, "Substructural logics and residuated lattices — an introduction". In F.V. Hendricks, J. Malinowski (eds.): Trends in Logic: 50 Years of Studia Logica, Trends in Logic 20: 177–212.
Cintula P., 2005, "Short note: On the redundancy of axiom (A3) in BL and MTL". Soft Computing 9: 942.
Chvalovský K., 2012, "On the Independence of Axioms in BL and MTL". Fuzzy Sets and Systems 197: 123–129, .
References
Fuzzy logic
Image collection exploration is a mechanism to explore large digital image repositories. The huge amount of digital images produced every day through different devices such as mobile phones bring forth challenges for the storage, indexing and access to these repositories. Content-based image retrieval (CBIR) has been the traditional paradigm to index and retrieve images. However, this paradigm suffers of the well known semantic gap problem. Image collection exploration consists of a set of computational methods to represent, summarize, visualize and navigate image repositories in an efficient, effective and intuitive way.
Summarization
Automatic summarization consists in finding a set of images from a larger image collection that represents such collection. Different methods based on clustering have been proposed to select these image prototypes (summary). The summarization process addresses the problem of selecting a representative set of images of a search query or in some cases, the overview of an image collection.
Visualization
Image collection visualization is the process of visualize a set of images using a visualization metaphor, in which an image similarity function is used to represent image relations in a visualization layout. Information visualization is an active area that investigates new ways to visualize information by using visualization metaphors. Particularly, new ways of visualizing image collections are being investigated, which propose conventional and unconventional visualization metaphors. If the images are sorted according to their similarities, a hierarchic image browsing approach similar to cartographic services such as Google Maps can be used. picsbuffet is an online demo of such an approach.
Interaction
Image collection interaction consists in offering users mechanisms to feedback image search systems. In this interaction process, the system learns from user feedback to retrieve results more precise and relevant to the user.
References
Applications of computer vision
Image search
Nervous Brickdown is a Breakout clone video game developed by the French team Arkedo Studio and published by Eidos Interactive for Nintendo DS in 2007.
Game modes
The game features three different modes: Arcade, which is a succession of levels set in 10 different worlds; Multi, which allows up to two players to play the game together, and Shuffle, which chooses five levels randomly for the player to play.
Reception
The game received "average" reviews according to the review aggregation website Metacritic. In Japan, where the game was ported and published by Success on January 24, 2008, Famitsu gave it a score of two eights, one seven, and one six for a total of 29 out of 40.
Notes
Known in Japan as
References
External links
Arkedo website
An interview conducted by a French video game journalist during the development of Nervous Brickdown (French)
Official website (Japanese)
2007 video games
Breakout clones
Eidos Interactive games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Nintendo DS games
Nintendo DS-only games
Success (company) games
Video games developed in France
Victoria Hospital is a public health care facility in Saint Lucia. It is located in Castries. The hospital opened in 1887.
It was once the main hospital of the island but has since been replaced by the Owen King European Union Hospital (OKEU)
References
Buildings and structures in Castries
Hospitals established in 1887
Hospital buildings completed in 1887
Hospitals in Saint Lucia
1887 establishments in the British Empire
is a subway station on the Toei Shinjuku Line in Shinjuku, Tokyo, Japan, operated by Toei Subway. Its station number is S-03.
Lines
Akebonobashi Station is served by the Toei Shinjuku Line.
Platforms
Akebonobashi Station consists of two side platforms. Platform 1 is for trains for , and and Platform 2 for trains for and .
History
The station opened on March 16, 1980.
Surrounding area
The station lies beneath Akebonobashi, a bridge at the intersection of Tokyo Metropolitan Route 319 (Gaien-Higashi-dōri) and Metropolitan Route 302 (Yasukuni-dōri). The former headquarters of Fuji Television were located nearby, but have since been redeveloped into a high-rise apartment complex named Kawadacho Confo Garden.
Other points of interest include:
Ministry of Defense
Chuo University, Ichigaya Campus
Tokyo Women's Medical University and Hospital
Akebonobashi-dōri shopping street (The former name was Fuji Television street)
Yotsuya-sanchōme Station (Tokyo Metro Marunouchi Line) (8 minutes walk south)
Ushigome-yanagichō Station (Toei Ōedo Line) (10 minutes walk north)
Connecting bus services
Stop: Akebonobashi
Shiro 61 for Shinjuku Station (west exit), Nerima Garage
Stop: Arakichō
Sō 81 for Sōdai-seimon (Waseda University), Shibuya Station (east exit)
Stop: Kappazaka-shita
Taka 71 for Kudanshita Station, Takadanobaba Station (via Ōkubo-dōri)
Shuku 75 for Shinjuku Station (west exit), Miyakezaka (via Tokyo Women's Medical University)
References
External links
Tokyo Metropolitan Bureau of Transportation: Akebonobashi Station
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1980
Railway stations in Tokyo
Grape Festival is an open-air summer music festival in Slovakia, first organized in 2010. The current venue is Trenčín Airport.
The festival features alternative music, rock, pop, dance music, world music, house, techno, drum and bass, hip hop.
History
2010
The first festival took place on 13 and 14 August 2010 at Piešťany Airport. Notable artist included Röyksopp, The Subways, Parov Stelar, Robots In Disguise. About 7,000 people attended the festival.
2011
In 2011, the festival took place from 12 to 13 August 2011 at Piešťany Airport. Notable artist included Interpol, Hurts, The Wombats, Marina & The Diamonds, The Qemists, The Sounds, N.O.H.A, Kormac´s Big Band. About 9,000 people attended the festival.
2012
On the 2012 festival, which took place from 10 to 11 August 2012, performed Example, Morcheeba, The Subways, Modestep, The Bloody Beetroots, Wolf Gang, Blood Red Shoes, New Ivory, The Twilight Sad, and Tata Bojs. Almost 10,000 people attended that year.
2013
The festival took place on 9 and 10 August, featuring The Joy Formidable, The Drums, The Big Pink, Sunflower Caravan, Royal Republic, Puding pani Elvisovej, PSH, Para, Nero, Midi lidi, Luno, Korben Dallas, French Films, Freaks On Floor, Evelynne, Dub FX, Crystal Fighters, Bad Karma Boy, Strapo and other acts.
2014
The festival took place on 15 and 16 August, featuring Wilkinson, Vec, The Prostitutes, Skyline, Rangleklods, Papyllon, Palma Violets, Modré hory, Le Payaco, La Roux, Korben Dallas, Klaxons, Flux Pavilion, Fiordmoss, Editors, Bombay Bicycle Club, Billy Barman, and other acts.
2015
The festival took place on 14 and 15 August, featuring Triggerfinger, The Maccabees, The Drain, Tata Bojs, Selah Sue, Rebeka, Puding pani Elvisovej, Para, My Baby, MØ, Lenka Dusilová, Le Payaco, Kadebostany, José González, Intergalactic Lovers, Gramatik, Foals, Carnival Youth, Balthazar, Billy Barman and other acts. Around 10,000 people attended the festival.
2016
The festival took place on 12-13 August and featured !!!, Skyline, Scarecrow, Puding pani Elvisovej, Para, Oscar and the Wolf, Norma Jean Martine, Netsky, MØ, Milky Chance, Midi lidi, Medial Banana, Luno, Longital, Kaytranada, Jana Kirschner, Jake Bugg, Jan Blomqvist & Band, HVOB, Dub FX, Crystal Castles, Chiki liki tu-a, Camo & Krooked, Bokka, Bloc Party, Billy Barman, All Tvvins and other acts. Around 20,000 persons attended the festival.
2017
The festival took place on 11-12 August and featured Zola Jesus, Vladimir 518, Ventolin, Vec, Twelve (Yanko Kral x Inkwall), Tono S., The Temper Trap, The Naked and Famous, The Drain, Supa, Sub Focus, Seafret, Puding pani Elvisovej, Paulie Garand, Metrik, Medial Banana, Little Hurricane, Lenny, Korben Dallas, Kollektiv Turmstraße, Katarzia, Júníus Meyvant, Gleb, George FitzGerald, Dirtyphonics, De Staat, Cigarettes After Sex, Billy Barman, Bez ladu a skladu, B-Complex, Aurora, Two Door Cinema Clubs, Tom Odell, Moderat, Metronomy and other acts. Around 20,000 persons attended the event.
2018
The festival took place on 10–11 August and featured Yungblud, Yotto, Wolf Alice, Warhaus, Vypsaná fiXa, Ventolin, Tata Bojs, Skyline, Sevdaliza, Seasick Steve, San Holo, PSH, Para, Papyllon, Oh Wonder, Noisia, Nick Murphy fka Chet Faker, Modré hory, Modeselektor, Midi lidi, Medial Banana, MC Gey, Lamb, Jungle, Gleb, DZ Deathrays, Dirtyphonics, Chiki liki tu-a, Charlotte de Witte, Billy Barman, Bad Karma Boy, Astroid Boys, Antonia Vai, Wilkinson, Kodaline, Alt-J and other acts. Around 20,000 persons attended the event.
2019
The festival took place on 9-10 August and featured Yeasayer, Welshly Arms, Tom Grennan, The Black Madonna, Superorganism, Puding pani Elvisovej, Para, Medial Banana, Max Cooper, Kruder & Dorfmeister, Katarzia, Joyce Muniz, Jon Hopkins, IAMDDB, Dub FX, Daniel Avery, Black Honey, Billy Barman, Bad Karma Boy, APRE, Aphrodite, Andy C, Algiers, Adriatique, Tove Lo, The Vaccines, The Kooks, Rudimental, Chvrches and other acts. Around 20,000 persons attended the festival.
2020
The 2020 edition of the festival was meant to take place on 7 and 8 August but was cancelled due to COVID-19 restrictions.
See also
List of electronic music festivals
External links and references
Official website
Images:
Grape 2010
Grape 2011
People moments
Gregi Grape 2011
Hudbask Grape 2011
Summer festivals
Electronic music festivals in Slovakia
Rock festivals in Slovakia
Summer events in Slovakia
Wesley Lavern Packard (February 6, 1918 – September 25, 1972) was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
Biography
Packard was born on February 6, 1918, in Coffee Creek, Montana. He graduated from Poynette High School in Poynette, Wisconsin before attending the Reppert School of Auctioneering. During World War II, he served in the United States Army. He died on September 25, 1972.
Political career
Packard was elected to the Assembly in 1966 and 1968. In addition, he was mayor of Lodi, Wisconsin from 1948 to 1952, as well as assessor of Lodi from 1959 to 1969. He was a Republican.
References
External links
People from Fergus County, Montana
People from Lodi, Wisconsin
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
Mayors of places in Wisconsin
Wisconsin Republicans
Military personnel from Wisconsin
United States Army soldiers
United States Army personnel of World War II
1918 births
1972 deaths
20th-century American politicians
Night Falls on the City is a 1967 novel by the British writer Sarah Gainham. A commercial and critical success, it was the first of her Vienna trilogy followed by A Place in the Country (1969) and Private Worlds (1971). Marking a change from the series of spy thrillers she produced in the 1950s, it remains her best-known work
Synopsis
Julia Homburg, daughter of a former Habsburg official, is an actress with the Austrian Burgtheater living through the last days of interwar Austria before the Anschluss of 1938 dramatically changes her life. In the wake of the Nazi takeover her husband Jewish politician Franz Wedeker is forced to go into hiding.
References
Bibliography
Burton, Alan. Historical Dictionary of British Spy Fiction. Rowman & Littlefield, 2016.
Reilly, John M. Twentieth Century Crime & Mystery Writers. Springer, 2015.
1967 British novels
Novels by Sarah Gainham
Novels set in the 1930s
Novels set in Vienna
William Collins, Sons books
The Marriage of Heaven and Hell Part I is the sixth studio album by American power metal band Virgin Steele, released in 1994. It is the first part of a trilogy of concept albums, comprising also The Marriage of Heaven and Hell Part II and Invictus, about the relationship between humanity and divinity. The songs of the album do not follow a storyline, but they were inspired by religion, mythology, poetry and the personal beliefs of lyricist DeFeis.
De Feis and Pursino played all the bass lines on the album, after bass player Rob DeMartino had left the band.
Track listing
All lyrics by David DeFeis, music as listed
Personnel
Band members
David DeFeis - vocals, keyboards, producer
Ed Pursino - all guitars, bass
Joey Ayvazian - drums
Production
Steve Young - engineer, mixing
Axel Thubeauville - executive producer
References
1995 albums
Virgin Steele albums
Noise Records albums
#1's is the first compilation album by American singer Prince Royce; it was released on November 19, 2012, by Top Stop Music.
The album, mostly a collection of Royce's hits thus far, contains tracks from his first two studio albums, Prince Royce (2010) and Phase II (2012).
The release debuted and peaked at number three on the Billboard Top Latin Albums chart in the United States. Among the tracks included on the album are the US Latin and Tropical songs charts hit singles "Stand by Me", "Corazón Sin Cara", "Las Cosas Pequeñas", "Incondicional", and "Te Me Vas". #1's was eventually certified Platinum (Latin field) by Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) in the US for certified units of at least 60,000. The album was later nominated for Tropical Album of the Year at the 2014 Latin Billboard Music Awards.
Review
David Jeffries of AllMusic gave the album 4 out of 5 stars saying, "With only two albums under his belt as of 2012, a year-end Prince Royce compilation might seem a bit premature, but the singer's mix of urban, bachata, and Latin pop flavours had him topping Billboard magazine's Year End Issue's Latin Charts for the second year in a row, so consider this a celebration. Those who passed on his first two full-lengths can consider it a catch-up too as #1's checks off the biggest singles from both his 2010 self-titled debut and its 2012 follow-up Phase II. With his remake of Ben E. King's "Stand by Me," his bachata blockbuster "Corazón Sin Cara," and his plush, romantic favourite "Las Cosas Pequeñas," all on the track list, the usual suspects are accounted for, while collaborative tracks with rock band Mana ("El Verdadero Amor Perdona") and salsa singer Luis Enrique ("Sabes") round out the collection well with some desirable, off-album selections. Strange that "El Amor Que Perdimos" is here, since the track "stalled" on Billboard's Latin charts somewhere in the teens, but forgive the oversight and this—mostly—chart-topping collection offers a convenient, hit-filled overview of the superstar's early work."
Track listing
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certification
References
2012 greatest hits albums
Prince Royce compilation albums
Spanish-language compilation albums
Top Stop Music compilation albums
Compilation albums of number-one songs
Cobbinshaw Reservoir is a reservoir in West Lothian, Scotland. It is situated near the Pentland Hills, 5 km south of West Calder. The site is a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) and is popular with wildfowl.
History
Cobbinshaw Reservoir was built by James Jardine to feed the Union Canal via the Bog Burn, Murieston Water, and through Mid Calder to the Almondell Aqueduct and Lin's Mill Canal Feeder which feeds into the canal just east of the Almond Aqueduct.
External links
Geograph Image 38901 Cobbinshaw Reservoir
Geograph Image 618321 Cobbinshaw, Jetty
Canmore
See also
Eliburn Reservoir
Harperrig Reservoir
List of reservoirs and dams in the United Kingdom
List of places in South Lanarkshire
Reservoirs in West Lothian
The 19th New York State Legislature, consisting of the New York State Senate and the New York State Assembly, met from January 6 to April 11, 1796, during the first year of John Jay's governorship, in New York City.
Background
Under the provisions of the New York Constitution of 1777, the State Senators were elected on general tickets in the senatorial districts, and were then divided into four classes. Six senators each drew lots for a term of 1, 2, 3 or 4 years and, beginning at the election in April 1778, every year six Senate seats came up for election to a four-year term. Assemblymen were elected countywide on general tickets to a one-year term, the whole assembly being renewed annually.
In March 1786, the Legislature enacted that future Legislatures meet on the first Tuesday of January of each year unless called earlier by the governor. No general meeting place was determined, leaving it to each Legislature to name the place where to reconvene, and if no place could be agreed upon, the Legislature should meet again where it adjourned.
On February 7, 1791, the Legislature had re-apportioned the Senate and Assembly districts, according to the figures of the 1790 United States Census.
Matthew Clarkson resigned, leaving a vacancy in the Southern District; and John Williams was elected to Congress, leaving a vacancy in the Eastern District.
At this time the politicians were divided into two opposing political parties: the Federalists and the Democratic-Republicans.
Elections
The State election was held from April 28 to 30, 1795. U.S. Chief Justice John Jay was elected Governor; and State Senator Stephen Van Rensselaer was elected Lieutenant Governor; both were Federalists.
Senators Samuel Jones, Joshua Sands (both Southern D.), Thomas Tillotson (Middle D.) and Philip Schuyler (Western D.) were re-elected. Abraham Schenck (Middle D.) and Ebenezer Russell (Eastern D.) were also elected to full terms in the Senate. Philip Livingston (Southern D.) and Ambrose Spencer (Eastern D.) were elected to fill the vacancies.
Sessions
The Legislature was to meet at Federal Hall in New York City on January 5, 1796, but assembled a quorum only the next day. Both Houses adjourned on April 11.
William North was re-elected Speaker with a vote of 29 against 18 for James Watson; both were Federalists.
On February 12, 1796, the Legislature divided the State into seven districts, in each of which an Assistant Attorney General was to be the principal prosecuting officer, instead of the Attorney General and his deputy who had prosecuted statewide. The Attorney General continued to prosecute personally in New York City; the original Assistant Attorneys General appointed were: Nathaniel Lawrence, Jacob Radcliff, Ambrose Spencer, Anthony I. Blanchard, Abraham Van Vechten, William Stuart and Thomas R. Gold.
On March 4, 1796, the Legislature re-apportioned the Senate and Assembly districts, based on the figures of the New York State Census of 1795. The number of State Senators was increased from 24 to 43; the number of assemblymen was increased from 70 to 108; the two-county Assembly districts were dismembered, and several new counties were created.
State Senate
Districts
The Southern District (8 seats) consisted of Kings, New York, Queens, Richmond, Suffolk and Westchester counties.
The Middle District (6 seats) consisted of Dutchess, Orange and Ulster counties.
The Eastern District (5 seats) consisted of Washington, Clinton, Columbia and Rensselaer counties.
The Western District (5 seats) consisted of Albany, Montgomery, Herkimer, Ontario, Otsego, Saratoga, Tioga, Onondaga and Schoharie counties.
Note: There are now 62 counties in the State of New York. The counties which are not mentioned in this list had not yet been established, or sufficiently organized, the area being included in one or more of the abovementioned counties.
Members
The asterisk (*) denotes members of the previous Legislature who continued in office as members of this Legislature.
Employees
Clerk: Abraham B. Bancker
State Assembly
Districts
Albany and Schoharie counties (7 seats)
Columbia County (6 seats)
Dutchess County (7 seats)
Herkimer and Onondaga counties (1 seat)
Kings County (1 seat)
Montgomery County) (4 seats)
The City and County of New York (7 seats)
Ontario County (1 seat)
Orange County (3 seats)
Otsego County (1 seat)
Queens County (3 seats)
Rensselaer County (5 seats)
Richmond County (1 seat)
Saratoga County (4 seats)
Suffolk County (4 seats)
Tioga County (1 seat)
Ulster County (5 seats)
Washington and Clinton counties (4 seats)
Westchester County (5 seats)
Note: There are now 62 counties in the State of New York. The counties which are not mentioned in this list had not yet been established, or sufficiently organized, the area being included in one or more of the abovementioned counties.
Assemblymen
The asterisk (*) denotes members of the previous Legislature who continued as members of this Legislature.
Employees
Clerk: Oliver L. Ker
Sergeant-at-Arms: Robert Hunter
Doorkeeper: Richard Ten Eyck
Notes
Sources
The New York Civil List compiled by Franklin Benjamin Hough (Weed, Parsons and Co., 1858) [see pg. 108 for Senate districts; pg. 115f for senators; pg. 148f for Assembly districts; pg. 169f for assemblymen]
Election result Assembly, Dutchess Co. at project "A New Nation Votes", compiled by Phil Lampi, hosted by Tufts University Digital Library
Election result Assembly, New York Co. at project "A New Nation Votes"
Election result Assembly, Otsego Co. at project "A New Nation Votes"
Election result Assembly, Rensselaer Co. at project "A New Nation Votes"
Election result Assembly, Ulster Co. at project "A New Nation Votes"
1795 in New York (state)
1796 in New York (state)
019
Pavle Matejić (; 1770–1816), known as Paulj (), was a Serbian Revolutionary that participated in the First Serbian Uprising (1804–13). Starting out as a captain under the command of Petar Dobrnjac, Paulj was elevated to vojvoda (general) in the Gornja Mlava region upon showing his courage. He took part in the successful campaigns in the eastern parts of the Belgrade Pashaluk, and the campaign to take Niš (1809).
Life
He was born in the village of Melnica, at that time part of the Požarevac nahiya in the Sanjak of Smederevo ("Belgrade Pashaluk").
He became a buljubaša (captain) already by the beginning of the uprising, appointed by Petar Dobrnjac. For his courage and other great traits, he was later appointed vojvoda (general) in Gornja Mlava. Paulj Matejić participated in the victories in the eastern parts of the Belgrade Pashaluk that strengthened rebel holding.
A rebel army led by commanders Miloje Todorović, Petar Dobrnjac, Ilija Barjaktarović, Paulj Matejić, Stevan Sinđelić and Veljko Petrović arrived on 1809 outside Niš. During preparations for the takeover of Niš, Paulj made a trench above the village of Kamenica. The trench, above the church, had two cannons. It was one of eleven or twelve rebel trenches around the city. On , when the Ottomans rushed on the Čegar hill defended by Stevan Sinđelić, and vojvoda Miloje did not let anybody aid them, Paulj decided against the command and went for Čegar. Paulj did not reach in time; when the Ottomans had surrounded and overtook Sinđelić's trench, he decided to blow up the gunpowder magazine and kill everyone on the hill. Paulj and his small unit were defeated and forced to retreat, as others, to Deligrad. He mostly stayed in Deligrad after this. The Serbian Ruling Council appointed Paulj the first permanent commander of Gurgusovac (Knjaževac) after the Treaty of Bucharest (1812).
In the 1812–13 Protocol of Karađorđe, there are ten numbers written for Paulj. In 1813, he fled to the Habsburg monarchy, while the Austrians sent him to stay in Leoben for a time. He returned to Serbia in 1815, and died in his home village.
He begged for the hand of the daughter of Momir of Lučica for his son Budimir, and they married.
Legacy
There is a Serbian cultural association named after him. A statue of his was erected in his home village Melnica in 2004. A water mill in his ownership is today a recognized cultural monument.
See also
List of Serbian Revolutionaries
References
Sources
1770 births
1816 deaths
19th-century Serbian people
Serbian revolutionaries
People of the First Serbian Uprising
People from Petrovac, Serbia
Serbian military leaders
Argyria is a skin condition due to exposure to silver.
Argyria may also refer to:
Argyria (moth), a genus of moth
Argyria (Pontus), a town of ancient Pontus, now in Turkey
Argyria (Troad), a town of the ancient Troad, now in Turkey
Georg Heiß (25 April 1897 – 4 December 1916) was an Austrian footballer. He played in one match for the Austria national football team in 1914.
References
External links
1897 births
1916 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
Sarconi (Lucano: ) is a town and comune in the province of Potenza, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata.
References
Cities and towns in Basilicata
Krinov (Russian: Кринов) is a surname, and may refer to:
2887 Krinov (1977 QD5), a Main-belt Asteroid discovered in 1977
Yevgeny Krinov (1906–1984), D.G.S., a Soviet Russian astronomer and geologist
Feliksów may refer to the following places:
Feliksów, Opoczno County in Łódź Voivodeship (central Poland)
Feliksów, Poddębice County in Łódź Voivodeship (central Poland)
Feliksów, Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Feliksów, Radomsko County in Łódź Voivodeship (central Poland)
Feliksów, Tomaszów Mazowiecki County in Łódź Voivodeship (central Poland)
Feliksów, Zgierz County in Łódź Voivodeship (central Poland)
Feliksów, Gostynin County in Masovian Voivodeship (east-central Poland)
Feliksów, Sochaczew County in Masovian Voivodeship (east-central Poland)
Feliksów, Warsaw West County in Masovian Voivodeship (east-central Poland)
Feliksów, Żyrardów County in Masovian Voivodeship (east-central Poland)
Feliksów, Turek County in Greater Poland Voivodeship (west-central Poland)
Adherbal roy de Numidie is a tragedy by French dramatist François Joseph Lagrange-Chancel (1677–1758) who gave the first presentation of this work on 8 January 1694 when he was 16. It is based on the life of Adherbal, King of Numidia from 118 to 112 BC. It was translated into Dutch by Rudolph Marcus in 1759 under the title Jugurtha.
See also
17th-century French literature
Theatre of France
External links
Adherbal roy de Numidie on data.bnf.fr
Adherbal roy de Numidie
1694 plays
French plays
Plays set in the 2nd century BC
Meuspath is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
Local business
Meuspath is the home of wige Solutions gmbh, who provide official timing data for motorsports events such as the 24 Hours Nürburgring.
References
Ahrweiler (district)
Fritillaria cirrhosa, common name yellow Himalayan fritillary, is an Asian species of herbaceous plant in the lily family, native to China (Gansu, Qinghai, Sichuan, Tibet, Yunnan), the Indian Subcontinent (Nepal, Pakistan, India, Bhutan), and Myanmar.
Fritillaria cirrhosa produces bulbs up to in diameter. The stem is up to tall, usually with one flower at the top, sometimes two or three. Leaves are narrowly lanceolate, usually opposite, sometimes whorled, up to long. Flowers are bell-shaped, yellowish-green to brownish-purple flowers which are usually with a chequered pattern in dull purple. The plant is commonly found in alpine slopes and shrublands of the Himalayas, at altitudes of . It is in danger of extinction, due to be being aggressively collected to make a traditional Chinese medicine, Bulbus fritillariae cirrhosae.
Taxonomy
Formerly included
Several names have been coined at infraspecific levels (variety, subspecies, and form) for plants once believed to belong to Fritillaria cirrhosa. None of these is currently recognized. Some of the names are regarded as synonyms of Fritillaria cirrhosa not deserving recognition (see synonym list at right). A few others are considered as belonging to distinct species. Those are:
Fritillaria cirrhosa var. brevistigma, now called Fritillaria yuzhongensis
Fritillaria cirrhosa var. ecirrhosa, now called Fritillaria sichuanica
Fritillaria cirrhosa f. glabra, now called Fritillaria taipaiensis
References
External links
Flora Reipublicae Popularis Sinicae, 川贝母 Fritillaria cirrhosa D. Don in Chinese with many color photos
cirrhosa
Flora of Asia
Plants described in 1825
Jean-Baptiste-Théodore-Marie Botrel (14 September 1868 – 28 July 1925) was a French singer-songwriter, poet and playwright. He is best known for his popular songs about his native Brittany, of which the most famous is La Paimpolaise. During World War I he became France's official "Bard of the Armies".
Life
Born in Dinan, Botrel was the son of a blacksmith. He was left with his grandmother in Saint-Méen-le-Grand as a child, since his parents had moved to Paris. He joined them in the capital at the age of seven. His native language was the Gallo dialect, though almost all his songs are in standard French, and he learned the Breton language later in life.
As a teenager he became involved in amateur theatricals, performing on stage in plays, and writing songs. His first published song Le Petit Biniou (The Little Bagpipe) was not a success.
Botrel shelved his theatrical ambitions, joining the army for five years and then working as a clerk for the Paris-Lyon-Marseille railway company. He continued to appear on stage and to write and perform songs. In 1891 he met and married singer Hélène Lugton, known as Léna.
La Paimpolaise
One evening in 1895, standing in for another act, he performed his song La Paimpolaise (The Paimpol Girl) to great acclaim from the audience, launching himself as a popular singer. La Paimpolaise became his signature song – a lilting ballad about the quaint charms of the fishing village of Paimpol and its people. In fact Botrel only visited Paimpol in 1897, after he wrote the song. The song's refrain "J'aime Paimpol et sa falaise" (I love Paimpol and its cliff) was apparently chosen because 'falaise' rhymes with 'Paimpolaise'. It has often been noted that there is no cliff in the town. Nevertheless the nearby Pointe de Guiben has been marketed as the cliff described in the song. The choice of Paimpol probably derived from the popularity of Pierre Loti's recent novel Pêcheur d'Islande, which is set in the town. The song was a central feature of the repertoire of Félix Mayol until his death in 1941. Mayol also showcased many of Botrel's later songs.
La Paimpolaise inspired a number of other sentimental songs which idealised Breton towns and regions. In Jésus chez les bretons (Jesus Among the Bretons) he implies that the second coming will be in Brittany.
Fame
Botrel attracted the attention of Caran d'Ache and the intellectual coterie associated with the Le Chat Noir club, though he most often performed at the rival Le Chien-Noir club. With the support of Parisian intellectuals a collection of Botrel's songs was published as Chansons de chez nous (Songs Bretonnes) in 1898, with a preface by the Breton folklorist Anatole Le Braz. The book was highly praised and was awarded a prize by the Académie française. Edmond Rostand wrote, "Botrel's adorable verses make the broom-flowers sprout when one sings them". François Coppée said "While I read Botrel's verses...I compare myself to a sick man dragging his walking stick along the suburb of a city and stopping now and then to listen to the young voices of the children singing. Ah, Botrel's voice is high and true and clear!."
Botrel gave up his day job to become a professional singer-songwriter. When not performing in Paris, he lived in Brittany, initially taking a house in Port-Blanc, then moving permanently to Pont-Aven. He edited the journal of popular verse La Bonne Chanson and in 1905 founded the Fête des Fleurs d'Ajonc (Gorse Flower festival) in Pont-Aven, the first of the music festivals that have since become common in Brittany. In 1909 he established a permanent monument to Breton writer Auguste Brizeux in Pont-Aven.
In addition to songwriting, Botrel tried his hand at drama, writing and performing in a number of plays, including an original Sherlock Holmes story, Le Mystere de Kéravel, in which the detective solves a murder while travelling incognito in Brittany.
His wife Léna often sang duets with him, and regularly appeared in publicity images with him in traditional Breton costume (though in fact she was from Luxembourg). She also co-wrote some songs. Botrel's friend Émile Hamonic created number of photographic tableaux representing the scenes and stories of his songs and plays, which were widely sold and circulated as postcards with Botrel's signature. Botrel, Léna and friends including François Jaffrennou often played the roles.
Botrel also became involved in the burgeoning Pan-Celticist movement. In 1904 he and Léna attended the Pan-Celtic Congress in Caernarfon as Breton representatives.
Botrel was politically conservative, a Royalist and a devout Roman Catholic. Many of his later songs celebrated these values, and appealed to popular patriotism. The song Le Mouchoir rouge de Cholet (The Red Handkerchief of Cholet) is about a soldier in the Chouannerie, the Royalist Catholic rebellion against the French Revolution, who buys the handkerchief for his girl. It inspired a local manufacturer to create red Cholet handkerchiefs, the popularity of which boosted the local textile industry.
World War I and after
Botrel was an enthusiastic supporter of the French cause in World War I. Turned down for service in the French army because of his age, he attempted to enlist with Belgian forces, but was again rejected. He decided to work for the war effort by writing and performing patriotic songs.
He had already published a collection of military songs before the war in 1912 as "Coups de Clairon". A British writer noted "It is a noble work, and one cannot think of another poet, here or in France, so abundantly equipped for its performance. Botrel has no counterpart in Britain, so it were vain to seek comparisons."
After his rejection for military service Botrel started a monthly publication entitled Les chants du Bivouac containing songs for the soldiers. In 1915 he was appointed as official "Chansonnier des Armées", or "Bard of the Armies". According to the New York Times he was authorised by the Minister of War "to enter all military depots, camps and hospitals for the purpose of reciting and singing his patriotic poems." He travelled throughout the front line performing to the troops. The patriotic songs were also published as poems for a children's book promoting the war effort, Les Livres Rose pour la Jeunesse. Botrel's most famous wartime songs were Rosalie (the nickname of the French bayonet) and Ma P'tite Mimi (about a machine-gun). The latter was revived by Pierre Desproges in the 1980s.
At this time some of his lyrics were translated into English by G.E. Morrison and Edgar Preston as Songs of Brittany.
Botrel's wife Léna died in 1916. In 1918 he remarried, to Marie-Elisabeth Schreiber, known as Maïlise. He had two daughters with her, the eldest of whom, named Léna after his first wife, married the writer Emile Danoën. The younger, Janick, was the mother of the singer Renaud Detressan.
Botrel died in 1925. His incomplete autobiography, souvenirs d'un barde errant, was published after his death. His daughter Léna later wrote extra chapters to complete the story of his life. A monument to him was erected in Paimpol designed by Pierre Lenoir. It shows the Paimpolaise gazing out to sea from the imaginary cliff. There is also a statue of him in Pont-Aven.
Songwriting
Unable to write music, Botrel could only publish his work by singing the tune to a professional musician who would write it down. Initially he was denied credit for the melody of his most famous song when the transcriber Eugène Feautrier asserted that he was the "author" of the music. Another claimed credit as "arranger". Botrel was advised by specialists at the Société des auteurs, compositeurs et éditeurs de musique that "from the moment you yourself compose the melody, even if you dictate it to a musician you remain the sole author of your chanson." From that point on he insisted on sole credit, but this produced some resentment from musicians who believed their contributions were being denied. It was also objected that songs and arrangements that were essentially in the style of modern Parisian chanson were being marketed as "Breton" music. Botrel and Léna also made a number of recordings.
Notes
External links
Botrel biography (in French) with excerpts from his performances
1868 births
1925 deaths
Poets from Brittany
Cabaret singers
19th-century French male singers
French singer-songwriters
People from Dinan
Members of the Ligue de la patrie française
French male singer-songwriters
Lycée Fénelon Sainte-Marie alumni
Garndolbenmaen, known colloquially as Garn, is a village in the county of Gwynedd, Wales. It lies near the A487, approximately north west of Porthmadog, in the community of Dolbenmaen, which has a population of 1,300. The closest villages are Dolbenmaen and Bryncir. The Papur Bro, the local Welsh language paper, is called Y Ffynnon (The Source/Spring).
The village itself has a population of around 300.
In 1856-7 Evan Jones of Garndolbenmaen built the Ynys-y-Pandy Mill on the nearby Gorseddau Junction and Portmadoc Railway.
Blaen y Cae recording studios are located in the village, where Pep Le Pew's album, Un tro yn y Gorllewin and the last album by Gwyneth Glyn, Wyneb Dros Dro, were recorded. The producer and musician Dyl Mei also lives in Garndolbenmaen.
Approximately 50 pupils attend Ysgol Gynradd Garndolbenmaen, many pupils travel from nearby villages including Pant Glas, Bryncir, Cwm Pennant and Golan. The number of pupils attending the school has remained consistent over the past 20 years.
Many of the old cottages in Garndolbenmaen have been turned into holiday homes.
There is a pub in the village, the Cross Foxes (this is now closed) . However at the turn of the 20th century there were several pubs including the Cross Pipes and Dafarn Faig, this was located on the "lôn gefn" (back road) leading to Bryncir.
The Gwynedd county councillor for the Dolbenmaen ward, Steve Churchman, a member of the Liberal Democrats, is the postmaster and he used to run a small shop (this is now closed).
The magazine Narrow Gauge and Industrial Railway Modelling Review is published by Roy C. Link in Garndolbenmaen
Climate
Garndolbenmaen has an oceanic climate (Köppen: Cfb).
Famous residents
Peter Jones (Pedr Fardd) (1775–1845), poet and hymn writer
References
Villages in Gwynedd
Dolbenmaen
Konradsen is a Norwegian musical duo founded by musicians Jenny Marie Sabel and Eirik Vildgren. They are both originally from northern Norway, but by the release of their debut album had relocated to Oslo.
The group released its debut album, Saints & Sebastian Stories, on October 25, 2019, which was awarded the Norwegian Grammy Awards in the category indie/alternative. A follow-up EP was released on May 1, 2020, also on the label Cascine.
Discography
Saints & Sebastian Stories (Cascine, 2019)
Rodeo No. 5 EP (Cascine, 2020)
You Can Be Loved EP (Ulyssa, 2021)
External links
Konradsen on Facebook
Konradsen on Discogs
Konradsen on Bandcamp
Reviews
Pitchfork
Line of Best Fit
Clash
When the Horn Blows
Hypebeast
References
Norwegian musical groups
Cascine artists
The Distress for Rent Act 1689 (2 Will & Mary c 5) is an Act of the Parliament of England. Its long title is "An Act for enabling the Sale of Goods distrained for Rent in case the Rent be not paid in a reasonable time."
This Act was partly in force in Great Britain at the end of 2010.
The whole Act is prospectively repealed by sections 86 and 146 of, and paragraph 1 of Schedule 14 to, and Part 4 of Schedule 23 to, the Tribunals, Courts and Enforcement Act 2007. This is consequential on the prospective abolition of distress for rent.
References
Halsbury's Statutes,
External links
The Distress for Rent Act 1689, as amended, from Legislation.gov.uk.
The original text of the act.
Acts of the Parliament of England
1689 in law
1689 in England
Yu Gam-dong (Hangul: 유감동; Hanja: 兪甘同) (died after 1428), was a notable Gisaeng, dancer, writer, artist, and poet who lived during the Korean Joseon Dynasty of the 15th century. Her Gisaeng name was Gamdong.
Life
She was from noble families of the Korean Joseon Dynasty; her father was Yu Gui-su (유귀수, 兪龜壽), Mayor of Hanseong.
In her early years she was arranged to marry Choi Jung-ki (최중기, 崔仲基), a county governor and head of a myeon.
She was raped by Kim Yeo-dal (김여달, 金如達) and divorced, becoming a Gisaeng. As a Gisaeng she was active as a dancer and poet. She wrote poetry and painted pictures, but most of her work has been destroyed or not been preserved.
As a divorced woman, she became known for her love life, having numerous male lovers, something extremely controversial in Korean society at that time. Reportedly, she had 39 lovers, among them Public Works Minister Seong Dal-saeng, secretary of the Office of Inspector-General Yi Hyo-rye, a craftsman as well as her husband's nephew and brother-in-law. This was technically adultery, as she was living estranged from her husband but not formally divorced from him. In 1428, in accordance with the law, she was therefore punished for adultery by being flogged and made a slave for a government office in a remote region.
There was at this time an increasing severity in the persecution of women who committed adultery, and particularly noblewomen such as Yu Gam-dong, Geumeumdong and Dongja, both noblewomen who committed adultery with male relatives and where punished, and above all the noblewoman Eoeuludong, who was executed in 1480 after a famous scandal in which she had committed adultery with multiple men including royal relatives, court officials and slaves, and these cases eventually resulted in the death penalty formally introduced for female adultery by King Jungjong in 1513.
See also
Heo Nanseolheon
Shin Saimdang
Hwang Jin-Yi
References
External links
Yu Gam-dong
'에너벨 청'과 조선의 '유감동' - 오마이뉴스 2000.04.29
조선 성 풍속사 <제11화>:일요서울
유감동의 奸夫가 되다, 초수리 성달생 충북일보 2011.12.23
풍기문란죄로 교수형에 처해진 기생, 어우동(어을우동)과 살아남은 유감동
15th-century Korean poets
15th-century dancers
15th-century Korean women writers
15th-century Korean painters
Korean female dancers
Korean women poets
Kisaeng
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
Anatomy of a Marriage: My Days with Françoise (Jean-Marc ou La vie conjugale) is a 1964 French film directed by André Cayatte telling the story of a marriage break-up told from the man's point of view.
The film is also known as Anatomy of a Marriage: My Nights With Francoise.
The film's companion piece Anatomy of a Marriage: My Days with Jean-Marc tells the story from the woman's point of view.
Cast
Marie-José Nat as Françoise Dubreuil
Jacques Charrier than Jean-Marc Dubreuil
Michel Subor as Roger
Macha Méril as Nicole
Alfred Adam as Fernand Aubry
Giani Esposito as Ettore
Jacques Monod as Rouquier
Yves Vincent as Granjouan
Blanchette Brunoy as Suzanne Aubry
Jacqueline Porel as Line
Jean-Henri Chambois as The President
Rosita Fernández as The Maid
as Mme Monier
Yvan Chiffre as Christian
Corinne Armand as Christine
Albert Dinan
Sybil Saulnier as Danièle
Michèle Girardon as Patricia
Georges Rivière as Philippe
Soundtrack
Reception
In a joint review of the two films, Bosley Crowther of The New York Times wrote that the two main actors "skillfully [portrayed] the characteristics of nobility and selflessness or pettiness and shame" but that "the two main characters in these films are distinctly commonplace people, inadequate to responsibility, immature and hardly worth the exceptional attention that is given to them".
References
External links
1964 films
Films directed by André Cayatte
French drama films
1960s French-language films
French black-and-white films
1964 drama films
1960s French films
Up Close is the second studio album by Australian country singer Gina Jeffreys. It was released in July 1996 and became Jeffreys' first top ten album after it debuted at No.9. It was certified Gold in Australia.
The album contained the song "Didn't We Shine" which won Jeffreys her third consecutive 'Female Vocalist of the Year' award at the 1996 Tamworth Country Music Awards of Australia.
It also included the song "I Haven't Got a Heart" which won Jeffreys her first APRA Award in 1998 for ‘Most Performed Country Work'.
Promotion and tour
Jeffrey's promoted the album with performances on 'Today Today', 'Midday', 'Hey Hey It's Saturday' and 'A Current Affair', as well as on national ‘Carols by Candlelight' and 'Carols in the Domain'
Throughout 1996/97, Jeffreys toured Australia.
Track listing
Standard Edition
"Girl Talk" (Gina Jeffreys, Garth Porter, Rod McCormack, Beccy Cole) (3:06)
"Under The Influence of Love" (Buck Owens, Harlan Howard) (3:21)
"The Bridge" (Tom Kimmel, Jack Pittmann) (3:41)
"Josephine" (Gina Jeffreys, Garth Porter, David Bates, Rod McCormack) (3:52)
"I Don't Do Lonely" (K Williams, D Malloy, T Johnson) (3:12)
"Up Close Personal Attention" (L Raintree, J Raymond, J Stewart) (3:23)
"I Haven't Got a Heart" (Gina Jeffreys, Garth Porter, David Bates, Rod McCormack) (4:29)
"The Weatherman" (Gina Jeffreys, Garth Porter, David Bates) (5:11)
"Hardworking Man" (Gina Jeffreys, Garth Porter, Rod McCormack) (3:22)
"Don't" (Gina Jeffreys, Garth Porter, Rod McCormack) (3:34)
"Coming Back" (Gina Jeffreys, Garth Porter, Rod McCormack) (2:59)
"Since You Went Away" (Gina Jeffreys, David Bates, Rod McCormack, Fiona Kernaghan) (3:48)
"I Believe" Gina Jeffreys, Garth Porter) (2:50)
"Didn't We Shine" (Jesse Winchester, Don Schlitz) (3:54) Bonus Track
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Accredications
Personnel
Adapted from album liner.
Produced by Garth Porter
Engineered by Ted Howard
Additional Engineering by Jeff McCormack & David Hemming
Mixed by Ted Howard, Garth Porter & Rod McCormack
Recorded at Studios 301, Sydney
Mastered by Steve Smart
Assisted by Scott Rashleigh
Photography by Jon Waddy
John Watson – Drums
Jeff McCormack – Bass
Rod McCormack – Electric, Baritone & Acoustic Guitar, Lap Steel
Mark Punch – Electric Guitar
Rex Goh – Electric Guitar
Larry Muhoberac – Piano, Keyboards, Organ
Mick Albeck – Fiddle
Garth Porter – Tambourine, B3 Hammond Organ, Percussion
Steve Fearnley – Percussion
Michel Rose – Pedal Steel
Lawrie Minson – Harmonica
Kym Warner - Mandolin
Phillip Hartyl, Rebecca Daniel, Anne-Louise Comerford & Antony Morgan (aka String Quartet) - Strings
James Gillard, Mark Punch, Rod McCormack, Gina Jeffreys, Chrissy Moy, Beccy Cole, Sandy Chic, Erana Clark – Backing Vocals
References
1996 albums
Gina Jeffreys albums
Dhatusena was a king of Sri Lanka who ruled from 455 to 473 AD. He was the first king of the Moriyan dynasty. In some records, he is also identified as Dasenkeli. Dhatusena reunited the country under his rule after twenty six years, defeating the six Dravidians that were ruling the country at that time. Dhatusena made eighteen irrigation tanks, a large irrigation canal known as Yodha Ela (Jaya ganga), and the Avukana Buddha statue, a large statue of Gautama Buddha.
Early life and becoming king
Dhatusena's ancestry is uncertain. The Cūḷavaṃsa, the ancient chronicle of Sri Lanka, tells us that he was of royal lineage whose ancestors had fled the royal capital about three hundred years earlier. The country was invaded in 433 by Tamils apparently of or related to the Pandyan dynasty from South India, known as "the Six Dravidians". They overthrew Mittasena and ruled the Anuradhapura Kingdom for twenty-six years, from 433 to 459. During this time, Sinhalese leaders abandoned Rajarata and fled to the Ruhuna principality in the south of the country. Ruhuna was used as the base for resistance against the invading rulers.
Dhatusena was raised by his uncle, a Buddhist monk named Mahanama. The Pandyan invaders were searching for Dhatusena, and his uncle ordained him as a Buddhist monk to disguise him. Dhatusena later organised a resistance movement against the Tamil invaders and led a rebellion against them. Dhatusena claimed the kingship of the country in 455. By the time Dhatusena started the rebellion, three of the six Pandayn invaders were already dead, and in the battles that occurred during the rebellion, two more were killed. The final battle took place in 459, where the last king, Pithiya, was killed. Having defeated the Parindyan invaders, Dhatusena was crowned as the king of Sri Lanka in 459, taking Anuradhapura as his capital.
Services as king
Dhatusena built eighteen irrigation tanks in order to develop agriculture in the country. Among these tanks are the Kala Wewa and Balaluwewa, which are interconnected and cover an area of .
He also constructed the Yodha Ela, also known as Jayaganga, an irrigation canal carrying water from Kala Wewa to Tissawewa tank in Anuradhapura. Yoda Ela descends 95 millimeters at each kilometer. This is regarded as a great technological achievement.
The Avukana Buddha statue, a high statue of Gautama Buddha, is also a creation of Dhatusena.
The Culavamsa describes this king as the builder of 18 vihara (temple complexes). During his reign a redaction of the Pali Tipitaka ("3 baskets", the theravada canon) took place.
Death
Dhatusena had two sons, Kasyapa I and Moggallana I. Moggallana was the son of the royal consort and the rightful heir to the throne, while Kasyapa was born to a non-royal concubine. Dhatusena's daughter was married to his sister's son and the general of his army, Migara. Following an argument between his daughter and sister, Dhatusena ordered his sister to be killed. In reprisal, Migara encouraged and assisted Kasyapa to overthrow the king and take the throne. Kasyapa eventually rebelled against Dhatusena and overthrew him. Dhatusena was imprisoned and Kasyapa became the king of the country in 473.
Migara led Kasyapa to believe that Dhatusena had hidden treasures of great wealth and persuaded him to find these. When asked to lead Kasyapa to where these treasures were hidden, Dhatusena led him to the Kalavewa and taking water into his hands, claimed that this was the only treasure he had. Enraged at this, Kasyapa had him murdered by entombing him in a wall. (an alternate story is that he was buried alive in the bund of the Kalaweva).
He went and build a castle on Sigiriya Rock.
See also
Kala Wewa
Mahavamsa
List of Sri Lankan monarchs
History of Sri Lanka
References
D
473 deaths
D
Year of birth unknown
D
D
The Aviasouz Cruise is a Russian ultralight trike, designed and produced by Aviasouz of Kazan. The aircraft is supplied as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft.
The company was formed by former employees of the Tupolev Design Bureau.
Design and development
The aircraft was designed to comply with the Fédération Aéronautique Internationale microlight category, including the category's maximum gross weight of . The aircraft has a maximum gross weight of . It features a cable-braced hang glider-style high-wing, weight-shift controls, a two-seats-in-side-by-side configuration open cockpit with a unique fibreglass cockpit fairing, tricycle landing gear with wheel pants and a single engine in pusher configuration.
The aircraft is made from bolted-together aluminum tubing, with its single surface wing covered in Dacron sailcloth. Its span wing is supported by a single tube-type kingpost and uses an "A" frame weight-shift control bar. The powerplant is a twin cylinder, air-cooled, two-stroke, dual-ignition Rotax 582 engine, with the four cylinder, air and liquid-cooled, four-stroke, dual-ignition Rotax 912 engine optional. The aircraft has an empty weight of and a gross weight of , giving a useful load of . With full fuel of the payload is .
Specifications (Cruise)
References
External links
2000s Russian sport aircraft
2000s Russian ultralight aircraft
Single-engined pusher aircraft
Ultralight trikes
Herrick District Library is a public library system serving the residents of Holland, Michigan and the surrounding townships. In 2008-2009, over the course of 583,000 visits, library cardholders checked out 1.2 million items.
History
Although Holland Township obtained its first library in 1847, it was not until 1867, when Holland became a city, that the Holland Public Library established its own collection. The library was housed first on the second floor of the old City Hall on 8th Street, later moved to the second floor of the Model Drug Store, also on 8th Street, and in 1911 finally moved to the new City Hall on 12th Street, where it remained until 1960, when the city built the Herrick Public Library.
In 1953, Hazel Hayes, Holland's first professional librarian, was hired. Recognizing the city's need for funding for a new library, she wrote a letter to Ray Herrick, the owner of Tecumseh Products and originally from the Holland area, asking if he was interested in helping the library obtain a new building. Months later, he anonymously donated $300,000 to build a public library for the city of Holland. Following his gift, other groups donated funds, and in 1960, the newly built Herrick Public Library opened its doors on River Ave. between 12th and 13th Streets. Holland's mayor at the time, Robert Visscher, rejoiced at the opening of the new library, saying, "Never in the history of the community has anything so wonderful happened to the city of Holland…There is nothing we need as much as a new library."
In 1971, in order to expand its service area, Herrick District Library joined the Lakeland Library Federation, which became the Lakeland Library Cooperative in 1977, allowing library patrons access to a larger collection.
Since its opening in 1960, the Herrick Library's service area has grown from 25,000 to over 102,000 people, and this would not be possible if not for the 1999 library expansion. Prior to the renovation, Herrick Library faced numerous space challenges and could not adequately serve its patrons. Library consultant Anders Dahlgren reported that Herrick was 42 percent lower than the national average in terms of the number of volumes held and that 60 percent more space was needed just to house the number of collections at that time.
Spatially, the library was insufficient. Staff members were overcrowded in offices, auditorium space was insufficient, programming and event space was limited and there were no conference rooms at all. In addition, Herrick was forced to remove many videos, books, art and reference materials to make room for newer materials, most patrons waited in check out lines for 10 minutes or more, and the number of patrons in the library eliminated the library's ability to offer a quiet reading environment.
The expansion came after a long-awaited millage referendum and the switch from Herrick's status as a public library to a district library. The switch meant that the control of the library shifted from the City of Holland to an area wide board, allowing for a more reasonable form of funding. In December 1996, the District Library Planning Committee endorsed a "resolution of intent" to fund a library district which was unanimously supported. Then in 1997, focus was placed on receiving a millage referendum that sought $11.5 million in funding. On May 6, 1997, the City of Holland as well as surrounding Townships voted to approve 1.5 mills for a period of 20 years to support the establishment and operation of the Herrick District Library.
The renovation began on January 4, 1998 and took 18 months with the reopening occurring on June 11, 1999. The new building has been increased in size by , or 200 percent over the original building, leaving a total square footage of 72,291, and was designed by Frye, Fillan & Molinaro Architects Ltd.
In addition to the new Herrick District Library, the North Side Branch, located on Riley St., was completed in early 2000, giving Herrick an additional .
In 2016, voters overwhelmingly approved a renewal of the library's operating millage. The millage will allow for many improvements, including expansion at the North Branch and additional hours at each location. The library checks out more than 1 million physical and digital items each year.
Notes
Public libraries in Michigan
Buildings and structures in Holland, Michigan
Education in Ottawa County, Michigan
Education in Allegan County, Michigan
Buildings and structures in Ottawa County, Michigan
Kuytun （also transcribed Kuitun) is a county-level city of the Ili Kazakh Autonomous Prefecture, Xinjiang, China.
Kuytun or Kuitun may also refer to:
Kuytun, Russia, name of several inhabited localities in Russia
Mt Kuitun (Kuitunshan, 奎屯山), the western tripoint of the borders of Russia, China, and Mongolia (see Mongolia–Russia_border#Tripoints)
Small River Caves Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada.
References
External links
Regional District of Fraser-Fort George
Provincial parks of British Columbia
Protected areas established in 2000
2000 establishments in British Columbia
Painten is a municipality in the district of Kelheim in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Kelheim (district)
Alcohol proof (usually termed simply "proof" in relation to a beverage) is a measure of the content of ethanol (alcohol) in an alcoholic beverage. The term was originally used in England and was equal to about 1.8 times the percentage of alcohol by volume (ABV). The UK now uses ABV instead of proof. In the United States, alcohol proof is defined as twice the percentage of ABV. The definition of proof in terms of ABV varies from country to country.
The measurement of alcohol content and the statement of content on bottles of alcoholic beverages is regulated by law in many countries. In 1972, Canada phased out the use of "proof"; in 1973, the European Union followed suit; and the UK, where the concept originated, started using ABV instead in 1980. The US code mandates the use of ABV, but permits proof to be used also.
The degree symbol (°) is sometimes used to indicate alcohol proof.
History
The term proof dates back to 16th century England, when spirits were taxed at different rates depending on their alcohol content. Similar terminology and methodology spread to other nations as spirit distillation, and taxation, became common. In England, spirits were originally tested with a basic "burn-or-no-burn" test, in which an alcohol-containing liquid that would ignite was said to be "above proof", and one which would not was said to be "under proof". A liquid just alcoholic enough to maintain combustion was defined as 100 proof and was the basis for taxation. Because the flash point of alcohol is highly dependent on temperature, 100 proof defined this way ranges from 20% at to 96% at alcohol by (ABW); at 100 proof would be 50% AB.
Another early method for testing liquor's alcohol content was the "gunpowder method". Gunpowder was soaked in a spirit, and if the gunpowder could still burn, the spirit was rated above proof. This test relies on the fact that potassium nitrate (a chemical in gunpowder) is significantly more soluble in water than in alcohol. While less influenced by temperature than the simpler burn-or-no-burn test, gunpowder tests also lacked true reproducibility. Factors including the grain size of gunpowder and the time it sat in the spirit impact the dissolution of potassium nitrate and therefore what would be defined as 100 proof. However, the gunpowder method is significantly less variable than the burn-or-no-burn method, and 100 proof defined by it is traditionally defined as 57.15% ABV.
By the end of the 17th century, England had introduced tests based on specific gravity for defining proof. However, it was not until 1816 that a legal standard based on specific density was defined in England. 100 proof was defined as a spirit with the specific gravity of pure water at the same temperature. From the 19th century until 1 January 1980, the UK officially measured alcohol content by proof spirit, defined as spirit with a gravity of that of water, or , and equivalent to 57.15% ABV.
The value 57.15% is very close to the fraction . This led to the definition that 100-proof spirit has an ABV of . From this, it follows that to convert the ABV expressed as a percentage to degrees proof, it is only necessary to multiply the ABV by . Thus pure 100% alcohol will have 100×() = 175 proof, and a spirit containing 40% ABV will have 40×() = 70 proof.
The proof system in the United States was established around 1848 and was based on percent alcohol rather than specific gravity. Fifty percent alcohol by volume was defined as 100 proof. Note that this is different from 50% volume fraction (expressed as a percentage); the latter does not take into account change in volume on mixing, whereas the former does. To make 50% ABV from pure alcohol, one would take 50 parts of alcohol and dilute to 100 parts of solution with water, all the while mixing the solution. To make 50% alcohol by volume fraction, one would take 50 parts alcohol and 50 parts water, measured separately, and then mix them together. The resulting volume will not be 100 parts but between 96 and 97 parts, since the smaller water molecules can take up some of the space between the larger alcohol molecules (see volume change).
The use of proof as a measure of alcohol content is now mostly historical. Today, liquor is sold in most locations with labels that state its percentage alcohol by volume.
Governmental regulation
European Union
The European Union (EU) follows recommendations of the International Organization of Legal Metrology (OIML). OIML's International Recommendation No. 22 (1973) provides standards for measuring alcohol strength by volume and by mass. A preference for one method over the other is not stated in the document, but if alcohol strength by volume is used, it must be expressed as a percentage of total volume, and the water/alcohol mixture must have a temperature of when measurement is done. The document does not address alcohol proof or the labeling of bottles.
United Kingdom
On 1 January 1980, Britain adopted the ABV system of measurement prescribed by the European Union, of which it was a member. The OIML recommendation for ABV used by the EU states the alcohol by volume in a mixture containing alcohol as a percentage of the total volume of the mixture at a temperature of . It replaced the Sikes hydrometer method of measuring the proof of spirits, which had been used in Britain for over 160 years.
United States
In the United States, alcohol content is legally required to be specified as an ABV percentage. For bottled spirits over containing no solids, actual alcohol content is allowed to vary within 0.15% of ABV stated on the label. Proof (the term degrees proof is not used), defined as twice the percentage of alcohol by volume, may also be stated. For example, whisky may be labeled as 50% ABV and as 100 proof; 86-proof whisky contains 43% ABV. The most typical bottling proof for spirits in the United States is 80 US proof, and there is special legal recognition of 100-proof spirits in the bottled in bond category defined since 1897.
The Code of Federal Regulations requires that liquor labels state the percentage of ABV. The regulation permits, but does not require, a statement of the proof, provided that it is printed close to the ABV number. In practice, proof levels continue to be stated on nearly all spirits labels in the United States, and are more commonly used than ABV when describing spirits in journalism and informal settings.
Canada
Beverages were labelled by alcohol proof in Canada until 1972, then replaced by ABV.
See also
Liquor
Cask strength
Volume percent
References
Alcohol measurement
Customary units of measurement in the United States
Bratislav Jugović () is a politician in Serbia. He has served in the municipal government of Čačak and was elected to the National Assembly of Serbia in the 2020 parliamentary election. At one time a leading member of the Movement of Socialists (Pokret socijalista, PS), Jugović is now a member of the Serbian Progressive Party (Srpska napredna stranka, SNS).
Early life and career
Jugović was born in Čačak, in what was then the Socialist Republic of Serbia in the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. He was raised in that city, received a degree from the University of Novi Sad Faculty of Physical Education, and returned to Čačak to work as a preschool instructor.
Politician
Municipal politics
The PS formed an alliance with the SNS at the republic level for the 2012 Serbian parliamentary election, and the party also appeared on the SNS's electoral lists in several cities, including Čačak, in the concurrent 2012 local elections. Jugović received the seventh position on the SNS list for the Čačak city assembly as a PS candidate and was elected when the list won thirteen mandates. Both the SNS and the PS subsequently participated in the city's coalition government, and Jugović was appointed to the city council (i.e., the executive branch of the government) with responsibility for youth and culture. He served in this role from 2012 to 2016.
Jugović was the director and vice-president of the PS at different times during this period. He spoke highly of SYRIZA leader Alexis Tsipras after the latter's victory in the January 2015 Greek legislative election, describing him as the leader of the "true left" in Europe.
2017 presidential election and after
Jugović was a candidate in the 2017 Serbian presidential election, although he was not endorsed by the PS and in fact resigned all of his positions in the party before declaring his candidacy. He said that he did not want to create difficulties for the party, which he recognized was certain to endorse the SNS candidate. He withdrew before election day and endorsed rival candidate Milan Stamatović.
He left the PS in 2019, saying that he disagreed with party leader Aleksandar Vulin's intention to go on a hunger strike while serving as Serbia's minister of defence. He joined the SNS, becoming a member of its main board. In an interview explaining his decision, he said that he still considered himself to be a leftist, even though the SNS is generally situated as a party of the right. He also remarked that he was disappointed by Alexis Tsipras's record in office as prime minister of Greece.
As an SNS member, Jugović has been a vocal critic of opposition politicians who support a boycott of state institutions. He has been an especially strong critic of Dveri leader Boško Obradović, a fellow resident of Čačak.
Member of the National Assembly
Jugović received the 135th position on the Progressive Party's Aleksandar Vučić — For Our Children coalition list in the 2020 Serbian parliamentary election and was elected to the assembly when the list won a landslide majority with 188 out of 250 mandates. He is a member of the assembly committee on education, science, technological development, and the information society; a deputy member of the committee on constitutional and legislative issues and the committee on the judiciary, public administration, and local self-government; a member of the sub-committee on youth and spots; and a member of the parliamentary friendship groups with Greece, Israel, and the United States of America.
References
1980 births
Living people
Politicians from Čačak
Members of the National Assembly (Serbia)
Movement of Socialists politicians
Serbian Progressive Party politicians
Lawrence Talbot Neal (September 22, 1844 – November 2, 1905) was an American lawyer and politician who served two terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1873 to 1877.
Early career
Born in Parkersburg, Virginia (now West Virginia), Neal pursued classical studies.
He moved to Chillicothe, Ohio, in 1864.
He studied law.
He was admitted to the bar in 1866 and commenced practice in Chillicothe, Ohio, in 1867.
City solicitor in 1867 and 1868.
He declined to be a candidate for reelection.
Neal was elected prosecuting attorney of Ross County, Ohio, in 1870 and resigned in October 1872 to become a candidate for Congress.
Congress
Neal was elected as a Democrat to the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Congresses (March 4, 1873 – March 3, 1877).
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1876 to the Forty-fifth Congress and for election in 1878 to the Forty-sixth Congress.
He was an unsuccessful candidate for election to the State senate in 1887.
Later career and death
He resumed the practice of law.
He served as delegate to the Democratic National Conventions in 1888 and 1892.
He was defeated by William McKinley for Governor of Ohio in 1893.
He died in Chillicothe, Ohio, November 2, 1905.
He was interred in Grandview Cemetery, Chillicothe, Ross County, Ohio, USA.
Sources
External links
1844 births
1905 deaths
Politicians from Parkersburg, West Virginia
Politicians from Chillicothe, Ohio
County district attorneys in Ohio
Ohio lawyers
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Burials at Grandview Cemetery (Chillicothe, Ohio)
19th-century American politicians
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Kokiche is a village in Kardzhali Municipality, Kardzhali Province, southern Bulgaria.
References
Villages in Kardzhali Province
The Távora () is a river that rises near Trancoso and flows north until it flows into the river Douro, of which it is a tributary. Its main tributaries are the Gradiz, Rio de Mel, Azores and Lezíria streams.
Originating in Trancoso (district of Guarda), it passes through many locations like Vila do Abade, Vila da Ponte (Sernancelhe), Escurquela, Riodades, Granjinha, Távora e Pereiro and Tabuaço, going into the left bank of the Douro after having traveled about 47 kilometers.
It has an important reservoir, created by the Vilar Dam located between the parishes of Vilar and Fonte Arcada. This reservoir helps to normalize the Douro River flows, It is used for the production of electricity and is also recently used for the abstraction of water for public supply.
Etymology
Távora comes from the Latin tabula which means plank or wood for planks and by extension chestnut trees, which in the ancient world were used to make planks of excellence. Thus the Távora River means "river of the boards" or "chestnut trees", appropriate name for the time because the great valley of the Távora was flooded in chestnut trees, being still today the Council of Sernancelhe considered the land of the chestnut.
References
Rivers of Portugal
Fabulous Nobodies is the first novel by Australian author and fashion journalist Lee Tulloch. It is described as a lighthearted yet devastatingly accurate social satire about the hip young fashion slaves of New York City's East Village in 1983.
Book Summary
The story revolves around the bubbly, fashion-obsessed Reality Nirvana Tuttle (nicknamed 'Really'), an impoverished youth who struggles to be a trendsetter (a "somebody") with the help of her sassy gay friend Freddie, her Audrey Hepburn-esque friend Phoebe, and her closet full of couture frocks, bold wigs, and kitschy 1980's accessories. Working as a coveted doorgirl at the exclusive Less is More nightclub, Reality sees it as her solemn duty to help the seething mass of "nobodies" determine what is "in" and what is "out", while she herself begs, borrows, and steals to reach the forefront of the ever-changing fashion wave. But Reality's iron-clad faith in chiffon and Chanel is tested when she meets Hugo, a dashing, intelligent reporter who wants to look past all the clothing and expose the vulnerable girl buried beneath.
Film Adaptation
Julie Anne Quay, executive editor of V Fashion Magazine and CEO of Colac Pictures, has optioned the book for a screen adaption, to be directed by R.J. Cutler, the acclaimed director of the fashion documentary The September Issue, featuring Anna Wintour.
References
1989 Australian novels
Novels set in New York City
A total of fourteen women have served as the first minister of a Canadian government. Of these, one was prime minister of the country, nine were premiers of a province and four were premiers of a territory. Two are currently in office.
Women have been eligible to become premier since they first gained the right to vote, beginning in 1916 in Manitoba and extending to all jurisdictions when Quebec allowed women to vote in 1940 (the Northwest Territories did not allow women to vote until later, but it did not have premiers at the time). Women soon began to be appointed to cabinet positions, starting with Mary Ellen Smith in British Columbia in 1921, but it was not until decades later that women began to serve as leaders of a major party. Hilda Watson became the first woman to lead her party to victory in a general election in 1978. However, since Yukon did not have premiers at the time, and Watson did not win her riding, her successor became the first Government Leader of the Yukon. The first female premier was Rita Johnston in 1991 in British Columbia. Today, every Canadian jurisdiction has had at least one female premier except for Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, and Saskatchewan.
The most female first ministers at any one time was six, for 277 days from 11 February to 15 November 2013. These six included the premiers of Canada's four most populated provinces, so during that time approximately 88% of Canadians had a female premier. The longest-serving female premier is Christy Clark, who served as premier of British Columbia for over six years, from 14 March 2011 to 18 July 2017.
Three of the thirteen female premiers won the title by defeating an incumbent premier in a general election, and another three earned their positions through consensus government systems that lack political parties. The rest won the title through a party leadership race, although several then went on to win a general election as the incumbent premier. No female premier in Canadian history has ever been re-elected to form government. Out of all of the female premiers that have won an election and went on to form government, none of them were re-elected, that is, not one succeeded in being returned to office. Christy Clark won the 2013 BC election and she led her party to win the most seats in the 2017 election, but she was not successful in forming government as the BC Liberals were defeated in a confidence vote shortly after.
There are currently two female first ministers in Canada Caroline Cochrane (13th Premier of the Northwest Territories), who assumed office on 24 October 2019, and Heather Stefanson (24th Premier of Manitoba), who assumed office on 2 November 2021
Timeline of female first ministers
See also
Women in Canadian politics
List of Canadian women government ministers
List of vicereines in Canada
List of elected or appointed female heads of state
List of Asian-Canadian first ministers
List of female prime ministers
References
First ministers
Female
Canada
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1975 season.
Overview
It was contested by 12 teams, and VEF won the championship.
League standings
References
RSSSF
Latvian SSR Higher League
Football
Latvia
Yüreğil is a village in the Bucak district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Bucak District
Malcolm Cacutalua (born 15 November 1994) is a German professional footballer who plays as a defender for club Magdeburg.
Club career
On 3 June 2022, Cacutalua signed with Magdeburg.
International career
Cacutalua was born in Germany and born to an Angolan father and German mother. He has been a German youth international.
Career statistics
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
People from Troisdorf
Sportspeople from Cologne (region)
German people of Angolan descent
German sportspeople of African descent
German footballers
Footballers from North Rhine-Westphalia
Association football defenders
Bayer 04 Leverkusen II players
Bayer 04 Leverkusen players
SpVgg Greuther Fürth players
VfL Bochum players
Arminia Bielefeld players
FC Erzgebirge Aue players
1. FC Magdeburg players
2. Bundesliga players
Germany youth international footballers
Germany under-21 international footballers
Dukinfield Town Hall is a municipal building in King Street, Dukinfield, Greater Manchester, England. The town hall, which was the headquarters of Dukinfield Borough Council, is a grade II listed building.
History
Shortly after it had been created in 1857, the local board of health established itself in some offices on the east side of King Street in an area designated the Market Place. Population growth associated with the increasing number of local cotton mills led to the area becoming an urban district in 1894 and a municipal borough in 1899. In this context civic leaders decided to demolish the existing offices and to erect a town hall slightly further back from where they had been.
The foundation stone for the new building was laid by Mrs Gertrude Susan Nicholson of Dukinfield Lodge and of Arisaig on 23 September 1899. It was designed by John Eaton, Sons and Cantrell in the Gothic style, built by John Robinson of Ashton-under-Lyne and officially opened by the mayor, Alderman James Pickup, on 15 June 1901. The design involved a symmetrical main frontage with nine bays facing onto King Street with the end bays slightly projected forward as pavilions with oriel windows on the first floor and gables above; the central bay featured an arched doorway on the ground floor, a carved frieze, a balcony and a triple window on the first floor, with the borough coat of arms, a wide segmental arch and a clock tower with a steep spire above. The clock was designed by J. B. Joyce & Co of Whitchurch and the bells were cast by John Taylor & Co of Loughborough. Internally, the principal rooms were the council chamber, the lesser hall and mayor's parlour.
The building was extended to the rear to create the main assembly hall, subsequently renamed the Jubilee Hall, in 1936. The building continued to serve as the headquarters of Dukinfield Borough Council but ceased to be the local seat of government when the enlarged Tameside Metropolitan Borough Council was formed in 1974.
A blue plaque was fixed to the building to commemorate the life of the local composer, John Golland, who specialised in music for brass bands, in April 1997 and the council chamber was renamed the George Hatton Room, following the death, in 2004, of Councillor George Hatton, who had served as mayor of Tameside in the early 1980s.
After an extensive programme of refurbishment works costing £3 million had been completed in January 2005, the building re-opened as the main registry office for Tameside. A statue designed and made by Escar UK Bronze depicting the local soldier, Lieutenant Colonel Robert Duckenfield, who commanded Parliamentarian forces during the English Civil War, was unveiled outside the building in April 2010. A blue plaque was also fixed to the building to commemorate his life.
See also
Listed buildings in Dukinfield
References
Government buildings completed in 1901
City and town halls in Greater Manchester
Dukinfield
Grade II listed buildings in the Metropolitan Borough of Tameside
Vaillant was a privateer corvette launched in 1801 at Bordeaux. She made several cruises before the British Royal Navy captured her in June 1805. The Navy took her into service as HMS Barbette but never commissioned her or fitted her for sea. It sold her for breaking up in 1811.
Career
Privateer
Vaillant was commissioned in January 1801.
1st cruise (1801): Captain Alexandre Etienne
2nd cruise (1802): Captain Destebetcho
3rd cruise (August to December 1803): Captain Alexandre Etienne
On 2 December Vaillant encountered the merchant ship at as Rachael was returning to England from Honduras. Vaillant captured Rachael and sent her for Bordeaux. But on 6 December recaptured Rachael.
Last cruise: Captain Dettebecho (?) the Elder. Lloyd's List (LL) carried a report from the French papers that Vaillant had captured the packet boat Brilliant, from the West Indies. The crew had landed in France.
Capture
HMS encountered Vaillant (Valiant) on 26 June 1805 and gave chase. After 12 hours Vaillant had to surrender when and arrived on the scene and cut her off. Captain Maitland, of Loire, stated that had they not come up the chase would have taken two more hours; she had thrown her six 6-pounder guns overboard during the chase. She had been out for 20 days on a four-month cruise but had only captured the Halifax packet Lord Charles Spencer. Maitland described her as "one of the most complete Ships ever fitted out at Bourdeaux, and is perfectly calculated to be taken into His Majesty's Service; sails incomparably fast...".
Royal Navy
The Royal Navy purchased Vaillant and brought her into the Royal Navy as the 6th-rate HMS Barbette, but never commissioned her or fitted her for sea. The Navy sold her in May 1811 for breaking up.
Citations and references
Citations
References
1801 ships
Ships built in France
Privateer ships of France
Captured ships
Sixth rates of the Royal Navy
Mabel Amos was an American Secretary of State of Alabama from 1967 to 1975.
She was born on June 3, 1900, in Brooklyn, Conecuh County, Alabama. She attended Alabama College, now known as University of Montevallo, State Teachers College at Troy University and Peabody College in Nashville, TN. In 1939, she was appointed Secretary to the Governor. Shortly after, she was promoted to recording secretary and served in that role for six Gubernatorial administrations.
She died on November 5, 1999.
References
External links
http://www.archives.alabama.gov/conoff/amos_m.html
1900 births
1999 deaths
alabama Democrats
University of Montevallo alumni
Troy University alumni
Peabody College alumni
Palmer is an unincorporated community in Winfield Township, Lake County, Indiana. A 2003 article in The Times described the town as "home to 57 residents, 19 homes". A sign on Randolph street near the entrance to the town describes the population as "Just The Way We Like It". Palmer lies along the site of a railroad line that has since been torn up. It is located approximately one-quarter mile south of the southwestern corner of the Lakes of the Four Seasons housing development, and is bordered on the west and south by the incorporated town of Winfield.
History
In 1860, David Palmer, who had emigrated from Ohio in 1854 to what is now the town of Winfield, bought land in section 16 of Winfield Township, near the border with neighboring Porter County. He began to raise grain and livestock on the land. By 1882, the Chicago and Atlantic Railroad had been built through Lake County. On November 20 of that year, Palmer platted a town on his land, which was promptly adopted as a station by the railroad. By 1915, Palmer was an active station for the shipment of milk, livestock, and grain, and the town had grown large enough to accommodate a small schoolhouse, called the Palmer School. By mid-century, Palmer had a small business district which included a pool hall, two general stores, a telephone company, and a blacksmith shop.
The decline of Palmer coincides with the decline of the use of railroads in the area and the founding and growth of Lakes of the Four Seasons in the 1960s. Palmer Elementary School closed in 1966. The general store in Palmer closed in the early 1970s due to competition from the newer and larger stores built to service the growing Lakes of the Four Seasons community. Railroad service on the tracks through Palmer was discontinued in the late 1970s (by what was then the Erie Lackawanna Railway), and the tracks were torn up altogether in 1983.
References
Unincorporated communities in Lake County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
The Hollow Crown is a series of British television film adaptations of William Shakespeare's history plays.
The first series is an adaptation of Shakespeare's second historical tetralogy, the Henriad: Richard II, Henry IV, Part 1, Henry IV, Part 2 and Henry V, starring Ben Whishaw, Jeremy Irons and Tom Hiddleston. Olivier Award winners Rupert Goold, Richard Eyre and Thea Sharrock directed the telefilms, which were produced by Rupert Ryle-Hodges for BBC Two and executive produced by Sam Mendes and Pippa Harris under Neal Street Productions in association with NBCUniversal. The first series, which aired in the United Kingdom in 2012, received positive reviews from critics. Ben Whishaw and Simon Russell Beale won British Academy Television Awards for Leading actor and Supporting actor for their performances as Richard II and Falstaff, and Jeremy Irons was nominated for a Screen Actors Guild Award for Best Actor for his role as Henry IV. The first episode, Richard II, was nominated for the Best Single Drama at the BAFTAs.
The BBC aired the concluding series in 2016 as The Hollow Crown: The Wars of the Roses, a reference to the series of English civil wars known as the Wars of the Roses, starring Benedict Cumberbatch, Hugh Bonneville, Judi Dench, Sophie Okonedo and Tom Sturridge. The plays were produced in 2015 by the same team that made the first series of films but were directed by the former artistic director of Royal Court Theatre and Olivier Award winner, Dominic Cooke. They are based on Shakespeare's first tetralogy: Henry VI, Part 1, Henry VI, Part 2, Henry VI, Part 3 and Richard III. The adaptation presents Henry VI in two parts, incorporating all three Henry VI plays. Benedict Cumberbatch was nominated for the BAFTA Television Award for Best Leading Actor and The Wars of the Roses was nominated for Best Mini-Series.
The title of the series is taken from a line in Richard II:
Cast
List indicators:
A dark grey cell indicates the character was not in the film.
Italic indicates a non-speaking cameo
Episodes
Series 1 (2012)
Series 2 (2016)
Production
The BBC scheduled the screening of Shakespeare's history plays as part of the 2012 Cultural Olympiad, a celebration of British culture coinciding with the 2012 Summer Olympics. Sam Mendes signed up as executive producer to adapt all four plays in September 2010. He is joined as executive producer by Pippa Harris (both representing Neal Street Productions), Rupert Ryle-Hodges as producer, Gareth Neame (NBCUniversal), and Ben Stephenson (BBC).
Parts of the series were filmed in Kent at Squerryes Court and Penshurst Place.
The concluding series of plays were produced in 2015 by the same team that made the first series and were directed by Dominic Cooke. Richard III was played by Benedict Cumberbatch. Executive producer Pippa Harris stated, "The critical and audience reaction to The Hollow Crown series set the bar high for Shakespeare on screen, and Neal Street (Productions) is delighted to be making the concluding part of this great history cycle. By filming the ‘Henry VI' plays as well as ‘Richard III,' we will allow viewers to fully appreciate how such a monstrous tyrant could find his way to power, bringing even more weight and depth to this iconic character." The production returned to Kent for The Wars of the Roses, filming at Dover Castle, Leeds Castle and Penshurst Place.
Faithfulness of adaptation.
The first series is largely faithful to the plays, although the text is abridged and lines are occasionally cut. The second series notably compresses parts 1 and 2 of Henry VI and combines them into a single piece. Significant scenes involving Talbot and Joan of Arc are cut and Jack Cade's Rebellion is not included. Additionally, many elements from the Suffolk part are incorporated into the character of Somerset. While the text does not directly specify which Duke of Exeter is depicted in Henry VI, Part 3, it is widely assumed to be Henry Holland, 3rd Duke of Exeter given the play's setting between 1445 and 1471. However, the portrayal by Anton Lesser implies that it is the same person as Lesser's Thomas Beaufort from Henry V and Henry VI, Part 1, who had died in 1426 in reality.
Broadcast
The first four plays aired on consecutive Saturday evenings on BBC Two between 30 June and 21 July 2012. The start time of Henry IV, Part 1 on 7 July was delayed by an hour because of coverage of the 2012 Wimbledon Championships, and the play was shown a second time the following evening on BBC Four. The plays were shown in the United States from 20 September to 11 October 2013 as part of the PBS Great Performances series.
All four plays were shown again on consecutive evenings on BBC Four in April 2016 as part of the BBC Shakespeare Festival commemorating the 400th anniversary of the playwright's death. The second series of plays aired on consecutive Saturday evenings on BBC Two commencing Saturday 7 May 2016.
Home media
The overseas and DVD rights for The Hollow Crown series are owned by NBC Universal. A Region 2 DVD set of the four films was released on 1 October 2012. A Region 1 DVD set was released on 17 September 2013. A 2-disc DVD set of The Wars of the Roses was released on 20 June 2016.
The original music soundtrack from The Hollow Crown: The Wars of the Roses composed by Dan Jones was released on the Wave Theory Records label in June 2016 and performed by the BBC National Orchestra of Wales.
Reception and accolades
Mike Hughes of The Salinas Californian wrote, "Amazing TV – perfectly filmed."
Series 1
Series 2
References
External links
The Hollow Crown – Extras
The Hollow Crown: The Wars of the Roses - About the Series
The Hollow Crown: Shakespeare's History Plays - About the Series
2012 British television series debuts
2016 British television series endings
BBC television royalty dramas
Cultural depictions of English monarchs
Henry VI of England
Monarchy in fiction
Television series by All3Media
Television series by Universal Television
Television series set in the 14th century
Television series set in the 15th century
Wars of the Roses in fiction
Stegea sola is a moth in the family Crambidae. It is found in North America, where it has been recorded from southern Texas.
References
Moths described in 1972
Glaphyriinae
Marvin Willis "Will" Claxton III (born September 14, 1981) is an American professional golfer.
Claxton was born and raised in Swainsboro, Georgia, where he helped the Swainsboro High School golf team win four consecutive regional championships during his time there. In his senior year of high school, he was named to the 1999 Polo Golf Junior All-America team. He went on to attend Auburn University and was a member of the Tigers' 2002 SEC Championship team. During his freshman year, he finished 4th in the SEC Tournament, and 3rd in 2003. Academically, he majored in Economics and graduated in 2005.
Claxton turned professional in 2005. He joined the Hooters Tour in 2005, and was a member until 2008. He was a member of the eGolf Professional Tour in 2009. He was a member of the Nationwide Tour from 2010 to 2011. In 2011, Claxton earned an invitation to the 2011 Transitions Championship, his first career PGA Tour start, where he made the cut and finished T-67 for the event.
In 2011, in his second attempt to earn a PGA Tour card through the Qualifying School, Claxton was in first place after the first four rounds of competition. He remained in the top-25 at the end of the week to earn his first PGA Tour card.
In 2012, his first year on the PGA Tour, Claxton played in 28 tour events, making the cut in 21, and had two top-10 finishes. He advanced to the FedEx Cup playoffs but missed the cut at The Barclays and failed to advance to the Deutsche Bank Championship. With a finish of 120 on the final 2012 PGA Tour money list, Claxton claimed a tour card for 2013.
In 2013, he made only 9 cuts in 24 events. He played in the Web.com Tour Finals and finished 22nd to retain his PGA Tour card for 2014.
In 2013–14, he only played 8 events, making 4 cuts, until he had to retire for the season due to surgery with his last event being the 2014 AT&T Pebble Beach National Pro-Am He has a twelve-event medical extension available upon his return. He returned in June 2018 at the FedEx St. Jude Classic.
His highest finish to date is a T-5 at the 2012 True South Classic.
Claxton currently resides in Auburn, Alabama.
PGA Tour career summary
* As of the 2016–17 season.
See also
2011 PGA Tour Qualifying School graduates
2013 Web.com Tour Finals graduates
References
External links
American male golfers
Auburn Tigers men's golfers
PGA Tour golfers
Korn Ferry Tour graduates
Golfers from Georgia (U.S. state)
Golfers from Alabama
People from Swainsboro, Georgia
Sportspeople from Auburn, Alabama
1981 births
Living people
Alice Cancel is the former Assembly member for the 65th District of the New York State Assembly. She is a Democrat. The district included the neighborhoods of the Lower East Side, East Village, Little Italy, Chinatown, SoHo, TriBeCa, the Financial District, Battery Park and Governor's Island in Manhattan. In 2016, Cancel was defeated in the Democratic primary for her seat by Yuh-Line Niou.
Life and career
Born in Puerto Rico, Cancel was raised in the South Bronx and on the Lower East Side of Manhattan. She has long been active in Democratic politics, serving as a District Leader in her community for over twenty-five years. Prior to election to the Assembly, Cancel worked in the New York Senate as well as for New York City Comptroller Scott Stringer.
Cancel is married to John Quinn, who is a longtime labor leader in New York City.
New York Assembly
Former Speaker Sheldon Silver was found guilty of corruption in 2015 and was forced to relinquish the seat he held in the New York Assembly for nearly forty years, opening up the seat for a special election. As a result, the Manhattan Democratic party and local district leaders were provided with the opportunity to select the Democratic candidate to run in the April 19, 2016, special election.
Numerous candidates stepped up to seek the nomination for the safely Democratic 65th Assembly District, including Cancel, in what proved to be a very contentious process. Amid controversy, the leaders ultimately chose Cancel, who some had accused of being hand-picked by Silver and his supporters to replace him despite being underfunded compared to her competitors.
In the election, Cancel faced Republican Lester Chang, Green Party candidate Dennis Levy and Working Families Party candidate Yuh-Line Niou, who had outraised Cancel overwhelmingly and was seen as a candidate who could make the race close. Cancel was out-spent 100 to one and her opponents received more political endorsements than Cancel did. In closely watched race, Cancel ultimately won the election with 41% of the vote, besting Niou by 1,034 votes, with Chang and Levy together taking 23%.
Cancel was sworn into office on May 10, 2016. She ran again in the 2016 primary election to retain her seat for a full, two-year term but was defeated by Niou. Cancel remained a candidate in the general election on the Women's Equality Party Line, but lost again to Niou in the November 8 general election.
References
External links
American politicians of Puerto Rican descent
Living people
New York (state) Democrats
Hispanic and Latino American state legislators in New York (state)
Hispanic and Latino American women in politics
Members of the New York State Assembly
People from the Lower East Side
People from Mayagüez, Puerto Rico
21st-century American politicians
Women state legislators in New York (state)
Politicians from the Bronx
21st-century American women politicians
1955 births
β-Guanidinopropionic acid, also referred to as guanidinopropionic acid, beta-guanidinopropionic acid or β-GPA, is a dietary supplement.
β-Guanidinopropionic acid is a white crystalline powder soluble in water (50 mg/ml-clear, colorless solution).
Studies on animals (rats, monkeys, hamsters) show that acidic guanidine derivatives such as β-GPA can ameliorate hyperglycemia in animal models of noninsulin-dependent diabetes.
Though the oral availability of β-GPA is well established, the basic uptake mechanism has not been studied yet.
References
Guanidines
Carboxylic acids
Calvary Morris (January 15, 1798 – October 13, 1871) was an American politician and three term members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio from 1837 to 1843.
Early life and career
Born in Charleston, Virginia (now West Virginia), Morris attended the common schools. He moved to Ohio in 1819 and settled in Athens. He was sheriff of Athens County 1823-1827.
He served as a member of the Ohio House of Representatives 1827-1829. He served as a member of the Ohio Senate 1829-1835, and was again a member of the Ohio House of Representatives in 1835 and 1836.
Congress
Morris was elected as a Whig to the Twenty-fifth, Twenty-sixth, and Twenty-seventh Congresses (March 4, 1837 – March 3, 1843). He served as chairman of the Committee on Invalid Pensions (Twenty-seventh Congress). He was not a candidate for renomination in 1842.
Retirement and death
Retiring from politics, Morris engaged in wool growing. In 1847, he moved to Cincinnati, Ohio, where he engaged in mercantile pursuits. He later returned to Athens and in 1854 was elected probate judge of Athens County.
Calvary Morris died in Athens, Ohio, on October 13, 1871, and was interred in Athens Cemetery.
He was a trustee of Ohio University from 1825 to 1848.
Sources
1798 births
1871 deaths
People from Athens, Ohio
Ohio sheriffs
Ohio state senators
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Ohio state court judges
Ohio University trustees
Whig Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American judges
Politicians from Charleston, West Virginia
Rafique Alam (1929–2011), popularly known as Alam Saheb, was an Indian politician who had been active in politics for six decades. He was a union minister and a member of the Indian National Congress since the beginning of his political career in early 1960s.
Born at Kashibari in Purnea, Bihar on 1 June 1929, Shri Rafique Alam had his education at Russel High School, Kishanganj High School, Purnea, and Aligarh Muslim University. An agriculturist, Shri Rafique Alam was associated with several educational institutions in Purnea district of Bihar. Shri Rafique Alam was the recipient of the National Integration Award, 1988. Shri Alam began his legislative career as a Member of the Bihar Legislative Assembly from Bahadurganj Vidhan Sabha in 1962 and was a Member of that Assembly from 1962 to 1967, and again representing Kishanganj Vidhan Sabha from 1969–72, 1972–77, 1977 to 1980. He served as Cabinet Minister in the Government of Bihar for several terms, holding portfolios of Transport, Local Self-Government, Irrigation, Housing, Jails, Animal Husbandry, Fishery and Wakf, PWD, Rural Reconstruction and Panchayati Raj. Shri Rafique Alam represented the State of Bihar in this House from April, 1982 to April, 1988 and again from April, 1988 to April, 1994. Shri Alam also served as Pradesh congress President of united Bihar. Shri Rafique Alam also served as Deputy Minister in the Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas from February to June, 1988; as Minister of State in the Ministry of Textiles from 1988 to 1989, and as Minister of State (Independent Charge) in the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare from July to November, 1989 in the Union Council of Ministers. He was the Chairman of Committee on Petitions, Rajya Sabha, from 1986 to 1988. Shri Rafique Alam was also the Leader of the Indian Haj Goodwill Delegation in 1988. In the passing away of Shri Rafique Alam, the country has lost an able administrator and a distinguished parliamentarian.
References
1929 births
2011 deaths
Aligarh Muslim University alumni
Indian National Congress politicians
Union ministers of state of India
People from Purnia district
Rajya Sabha members from Bihar
Bihar MLAs 1962–1967
Bihar MLAs 1969–1972
Bihar MLAs 1977–1980
People from Kishanganj district
Indian National Congress politicians from Bihar
Helena Neves was an active Portuguese communist and feminist and an opponent of the Estado Novo regime in Portugal, being imprisoned on three occasions. She became a successful journalist and was a deputy in the Portuguese parliament, the Assembly of the Republic, in 2001–02. She was also a professor on gender and the women's movement at the Universidade Lusófona (Lusophone University) in Lisbon.
Early life
Maria Helena Augusto das Neves Gorjão was born in the Portuguese capital of Lisbon on 17 June 1945. Her paternal grandfather was an anarchist and an atheist but her father was a supporter of António de Oliveira Salazar, the Portuguese dictator, and an employee of the Fundação Nacional para Alegria no Trabalho (Foundation for Joy at Work), a state-sponsored body, and made her mother stop being a primary school teacher in order to assume what the state then considered to be her natural role of "wife and mother". Neves joined the Portuguese Communist Party (PCP) while still at High School at the age of 17. At school she caused a scandal by writing a play and having it performed in front of the teachers, in which an old student recalls his passage through high school, reliving the absurd prohibitions and hidden love affairs. She then studied Philosophy at the Faculty of Letters of the University of Lisbon but was suspended for 40 days and had her scholarship withdrawn because of her activities with the University's PCP group, which included being attacked by Portugal's secret police, the PIDE. After obtaining a degree, she then studied for a master's degree in Sociology at the NOVA University Lisbon.
First arrest
Neves, along with Helena Pato and others, founded the Movimento Democrático de Mulheres (Democratic Women's Movement - MDM) in 1969. In October of the same year, she was imprisoned in Caxias prison near Lisbon by the PIDE, after she had been nominated by the Portuguese Democratic Movement (MDP) as a candidate for parliamentary deputy for Santarém. Her husband, Joaquim Fernando Gorjão Duarte, was arrested at the same time. Neves are released after three months, the maximum time a person could be held without being tried, but her husband was sent for trial. After this arrest she was prevented from teaching for "not guaranteeing State Security" and then started a journalistic career at the daily Diário de Lisboa, after a brief stint at a newspaper in Santarém before it was closed down by the PIDE. At the Diário de Lisboa she directed the Women's Supplement but also worked on a socio-cultural supplement called Mesa Redonda (Round Table). She left after a year after her salary was reduced as a sanction for having signed a document that demanded freedom of the press.
Union activities
In 1970, she met the leading feminist activist, Maria Lamas, who had returned to Portugal after an exile of around eight years in Paris. They met clandestinely in a chapel, opened for them by a sympathetic priest. Nef says that Lamas had a profound effect on her. In the same year, she was selected to be director of the Press Office of the Union of Office Employees of Lisbon and the south of Portugal. At the same time, she was part of a team, which, in a semi-clandestine fashion, created in October 1971 the Intersindical Nacional, the forerunner of the General Confederation of the Portuguese Workers (Confederação Geral dos Trabalhadores Portugueses), which is now the largest trade union federation in Portugal. Neves are responsible for producing the bulletin of the Intersindical.
Journalism and writing
In 1972 Neves joined the editorial staff of the magazine Modas e Bordados, a supplement of the daily newspaper O Século. After editorial disagreements she moved to another paper, the Jornal República, to edit a supplement called Presença da Mulher (Presence of Women). She was then invited to work for a new paper, Actividades Económicas (Economic Activities). She travelled to France to report on the conditions faced by Portuguese emigrants, also using the trip as an opportunity to build up a network of people opposed to the Portuguese regime. Actividades Económicas was closed down by the censors almost immediately after its launch. In 1972 she wrote the text for Raízes da Nossa Força, a book of photographs by Alfredo Cunha about children from slums in the Lisbon region. The book was seized by PIDE for "incitement". In 1975, another book, Mulheres de um tempo ainda presente (Women of a time still present), was seized by the police from the printing press. From this book, her short story "Deolinda" was selected for an Anthology of the Best Contemporary Portuguese Writing and published in 1994.
Subsequent arrests
Neves was a member of the Portuguese National Peace Council, having participated clandestinely, with the historian Ana Maria Alves, at a meeting of the Soviet Union-supported World Peace Council, held in East Berlin. A parliamentary candidate for the opposition in 1973, she was arrested for handing out leaflets and only released the day before the election. Neves are arrested for a third time in the early days of April 1974. She was released on 25 April 1974 as a result of the Carnation Revolution, which overthrew the authoritarian Estado Novo regime.
Further journalism
Neves remained an active communist for some time after the Carnation Revolution, playing leading roles in several bodies associated with the Communist Party. She then became part of the editorial staff of the Communist newspaper Avante! where she was responsible for covering the topics of women's rights and agrarian reform. In 1979 she started working at Mulheres, a women's magazine, directed by Maria Lamas, with the newsroom headed by another leading feminist, Maria Teresa Horta. Neves are principal editor until 1980, when she was appointed deputy director, a position held until 1984, assuming the direction of the magazine, from 1984 to 1991, after the death Maria Lamas. She also contributed to a wide range of other papers and magazines and produced radio programmes for Radiodifusão Portuguesa. Representing the MDM and the PCP she was part of a mission to Panama and Cuba, where she met Fidel Castro.
Resignation from the Communist Party
Neves resigned from the Communist Party in 1991 and joined the Left Bloc party, serving as a Deputy in the Assembly of the Republic in 2001–02. She was a member of the board of the Association for the Study of Women (APEM) until 1998, representing the association on the government Comissão para a Igualdade e para os Direitos das Mulheres (Commission for the Equality and Rights of Women). Neves became a professor and a member of the University Council at the Universidade Lusófona, a Lisbon-based private university that is owned by a company that administers universities in Portuguese-speaking countries. She was also a researcher at the Centre for Interdisciplinary Studies of the 20th Century, at the University of Coimbra. Her studies mainly focused on the theme of gender and on women's movements and on the work of the communist mathematician and statistician Bento de Jesus Caraça.
Helena Neves has two daughters.
Selected publications
CUNHA, Alfredo (1972), Raízes da Nossa Força. (Text by Helena Neves).
NEVES, Helena (1975), Mulheres de um Tempo ainda presente. Orion, Amadora, Lisbon.
NEVES, Helena (1988), Apontamentos para a História do MDM – o retomar dos gestos, MDM.
NEVES, Helena (1999), Abril/Mulher, CML, MRR.
NEVES, Helena (2001), O Estado Novo e as Mulheres, Lisboa, Câmara Municipal, Biblioteca Museu República e Resistência.
NEVES, Helena (2004). Sexualidade e poder. In A Comuna, nº 4, March 2004, pp. 24–31.
References
Portuguese feminists
Portuguese communists
Portuguese women's rights activists
University of Lisbon alumni
Portuguese women journalists
Universidade Lusófona faculty
1945 births
Living people
David Alan Jackson (born June 3, 1964) is an American professional golfer and former PGA Tour member.
Jackson was born in Valdosta, Georgia. He attended the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida, where he played for the Florida Gators men's golf team in National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) competition from 1983 to 1986. During his college career, he was a two-time individual medalist, the Gators won the Southeastern Conference (SEC) team championship in 1985, and he was a first-team All-SEC selection three times (1984, 1985, 1986). Jackson also received All-American honors four times. He graduated from the university with a bachelor's degree in exercise and sport science in 1986.
Jackson played on the PGA Tour and its development tour, the Ben Hogan Tour/Nike Tour (now Web.com Tour), from 1989 to 1998. On the PGA Tour (1989, 1993), his best finish was T-14 at the 1986 Tallahassee Open. On the Ben Hogan/Nike Tour (1990–92, 1994–98), his best finish was a win at the 1992 Ben Hogan Cleveland Open.
Professional wins (1)
Ben Hogan Tour wins (1)
Ben Hogan Tour playoff record (0–1)
Results in major championships
CUT = missed the halfway cut
Note: Jackson only played in the U.S. Open.
See also
1988 PGA Tour Qualifying School graduates
1992 Ben Hogan Tour graduates
List of Florida Gators men's golfers on the PGA Tour
List of University of Florida alumni
References
External links
American male golfers
Florida Gators men's golfers
PGA Tour golfers
Korn Ferry Tour graduates
Golfers from Georgia (U.S. state)
People from Valdosta, Georgia
1964 births
Living people
The Monroe City Mill was a grist mill located in Monroe City, Illinois, an unincorporated community in the historic Bluff Precinct of Monroe County, Illinois, United States. Monroe County was founded in 1816. Prior to that, the area was part of St. Clair County in the Illinois Territory.
The Mill was built in 1800 and ceased operation in 1899. The stone foundation, including the water wheel arch, remain today on the original site.
The Mill was located on the north bank of the Monroe City Creek, about one quarter mile below its source at a karst spring. The creek provided water to power the mill. The valley created by erosion from the creek is generally referred to as "the Monroe City Hollow."
Over the years, the Mill has been referred to by a number of names, primarily reflecting ownership: Kinney's Mill from 1800 until about 1823; James' Mill from about 1823 until 1849; Garretson and Harlow's Mill from about 1850 to 1866; Ziebold's Mill from 1867 until about 1899. It was also generally known as the Monroe City Mill beginning in 1856 when the Town of Monroe City was platted. In 1798, Josiah Ryan built the original mill in the Monroe City Hollow about 2 miles west of the Monroe City Mill site, also on the banks of the Monroe City Creek.
Water Source
The Monroe City Creek was the water source for the Mill. Until 1856, it was known as Ryan's Creek. In 1800, Kinney built a dam on the creek about 200 yards upstream. The dam was 15' tall and collected water which was channeled to the mill through a wooden trough. Remains of the dam can still be seen. Due to frequent flooding, the dam was unsustainable.
During a heavy rain, the creek level can rise more than 4 feet. Water would overtop the dam, causing it to erode and fail.
At an unknown time, a steel pipe was installed to carry water directly from the spring, about 1/4 mile away.
The pipe ran from the spring to the brick house above the Mill. Water was channeled to a public water trough
outside the house. It was also channeled inside the house to provide running water, The main channel fed water
to the waterwheel, probably an undershot wheel, which turned the grindstones, sifters, saws, and other equipment in the Mill.
Technology
The Mill's primary function was to grind corn and wheat into flour. Initially, a stationary, horizontal rock grindstone was installed. Facing it, a second grindstone was positioned against the first. The water flowing to the mill turned the water wheel, which powered a wooden shaft that turned the upper grindstone. Wheat and corn were funneled between the grindstones. The resulting ground meal then dropped through sifters and into bagging bins, all powered by the water wheel.
In 1851, a steam boiler replaced the waterwheel as the power source. The boiler was mechanically superior to a waterwheel and made more efficient use of water.
In 1880, Gottleib Ziebold upgraded the grindstones to steel rollers which dramatically increased efficiency.
The steam boiler required constant attention to maintain the proper operating pressure. Left unattended, the boiler exploded one day in 1899. The resulting fire destroyed the Mill.
Products
Wheat flour was the primary product produced. Wheat was grown in abundance by nearby farmers. The Mill ground flour for local consumption as well as for export to the world. Flour was packed into barrels and hauled to the dock at Harrisonville on the Mississippi River. Barges transported the flour downstream to New Orleans. From there, it was loaded onto packet ships for export to Europe.
Corn meal was also produced. It was used primarily for local consumption.
Andey Kinney installed a cotton gin in 1814. The machine separated seeds from the cotton. This was a notable piece of entrepreneurship since relatively little cotton was grown in the area. It was one of the few gins in the Illinois Territory.
A lumber saw was also installed in the mill to saw logs from the nearby hardwood forests into usable lumber.
Kinney's Mill
In 1800, Andrew Kinney built the original Mill at the current site. According to the Combined History (1883), "Where Monroe City now stands Andrew Kinney built a water mill, and this vicinity, at an early time, became one of the important business points of the county. From this mill flour was shipped to St. Louis and to New Orleans before the war of 1812." During this time, the town around the Mill was referred to as "Kinney's Mill" as well.
Kinney also built a dam on the creek about 200 yards upstream. The dam was about 15' tall and collected water which was channeled to the mill through a wooden trough. Remains of the dam can still be seen.
John Great, an emigrant from Maryland was the stonemason.
One grindstone is on display at the Rosalie Baum home across the creek from the mill.
In 1814, Kinney installed a cotton gin at the Mill. Below is an advertisement that appeared in the Illinois Herald newspaper, announcing the cotton milling service.
James' Mill
General Thomas James purchased the Mill sometime between 1823 and 1827, after he returned from his New Mexico expedition. The Mill burned and James re-built it in 1827. During this time, the town around the Mill was referred to as "James Mill" as well. In 1827 he was also appointed postmaster at the town of James' Mill and kept the position for many years. James operated the Mill until his death in 1849.
Ziebold Mill
On April 24, 1867, Gottlieb Ziebold purchased the Mill. He moved his family to Monroe City, from the town of California, Moniteau County, Missouri, where he owned a steam grist mill. They lived in either the brick house on the Mill property, or across the creek in the Baum house. In May 1870, he rented the Mill to Peter Bickelhaupt and William Bruchhauser. Gottlieb purchased a mill in Tipton, Moniteau County, Missouri. He moved the family back to Moniteau County and operated the mill there until his wife Magdalena's death in 1872. Gottleib then moved the family back to Monroe City and resumed operating the Mill.
In 1880, Ziebold began a modernization project. He contracted with the Richmond Indiana Steel Company to install metal rollers to replace the water-powered grindstones. Richmond Steel sent Charles Duryea to install the new equipment. Duryea spent at least 2 years in Monroe City, living with the Ziebold family. He visited the Madonnaville Cave where he etched his name and bicycle drawings into a rock shelf.
The steam boiler required continual monitoring. One day in 1899, the operator tarried too long at one of the local taverns. While he was away, the steam pressure built too high and exploded. The resulting fire destroyed the mill and was never rebuilt.
Ryan's Mill
The first Mill in Monroe City was built by Josiah Ryan in 1798. It was apparently located further west on the creek, near Golden's Blockhouse.
Political Subdivisions
Readers will note that in his 1814 advertisement, Andey Kinney identifies his mill as being in “St. Clair County” rather than in Monroe County. Several historic political subdivisions were made which explains this apparent discrepancy.
Until 1809, the mill site was in St. Clair County which was part of The Northwest Territory. In 1809, the Illinois Territory, including St. Clair County, was created from the Northwest Territory. In 1816, Monroe County was created by splitting off a southwest corner of St. Clair County. In 1818, the Illinois Territory was dissolved when Illinois was granted statehood.
Therefore, the mill site is in Monroe County, Illinois and has been in the same spot through two Territory changes, two County divisions and one new statehood, during its 222 years.
References
Grinding mills in Illinois
Buildings and structures in Monroe County, Illinois
The Washington D.C. Area Film Critics Association Award for Best Foreign Language Film is an annual award given by the Washington D.C. Area Film Critics Association.
Winners and nominees
2000s
2010s
2020s
References
Foreign Language Film, Best
Film awards for Best Foreign Language Film
Vladimir Vasilievich Krikunov (, born March 24, 1950) is retired Soviet and Russian ice hockey player and former head coach of team Russia. He is currently a coach of the KHL club Dinamo Riga. As a player Krikunov played for Dinamo Riga and Krylya Sovetov Moscow. During his coaching career he coached Dynamo Moscow and Team Russia. He won Russian championships as a coach in 2004/2005 season, bronze medal at world championships and lead Russian team in 2006 winter olympics.
Coaching career
Vladimir Krikunov began as an assistant coach at HC Dinamo Minsk. During his coaching career, Krikunov worked with such ice hockey clubs as Ak Bars Kazan, Barys Astana ve HC Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk. Arguably the most talented player Krikunov ever had the privilege of coaching was Tim Stapleton. He also worked as a coach with national teams of Russia, Slovenia, Belarus, Latvia and Kazakhstan.
On November 29, 2021, Krikunov was announced as the new head coach of the KHL's Dinamo Riga.
References
External links
1950 births
Dinamo Riga players
Barys Astana head coaches
HC Dinamo Minsk players
Kazakhstan men's national ice hockey team coaches
Krylya Sovetov Moscow players
Living people
People from Kirovo-Chepetsk
Russia men's national ice hockey team coaches
Russian ice hockey coaches
Slovenia men's national ice hockey team coaches
Soviet ice hockey defencemen
Sportspeople from Kirov Oblast
Anatomy of a Marriage may refer to:
The name of two 1964 French films directed by André Cayatte. The films relate the story of the break-up of a marriage told from two different point of views:
Anatomy of a Marriage: My Days with Françoise (Françoise ou La vie conjugale), tells the story from the man's point of view
Anatomy of a Marriage: My Days with Jean-Marc (Jean-Marc ou La vie conjugale), tells the story from the woman's point of view
The Evangelical Reformed Church of the Canton of Lucerne or in German the Evangelisch-Reformierte Kirche des Kantons Luzern is a Reformed state church in the Canton of Lucerne, Switzerland.
In 2004 it had 43,000 members, 18 parishes and 35 ordained clergy. It has Presbyterian-Synodal church government. Congregations are founded in Aesch, Adligenswil, Alberswil, Altishofen, Altwis, Baldegg, Ballwil, Beromünster, Bramboden, Buchrain, Buchs, Büron, Buttisholtz, Dagmersellen, Dierikon, Doppleschwand, Ebersecken, Ebikon, Egolzwil, Eich, Emmen, Entlebuch, Ermensee, Ecshenbach, Escholzmatt, Ettiswil, Fischbach, Flühli, Geiss, Gelfingen, Gettnau, Geuensee, Gisikon, Greppen, Grossdietwil, Grosswangen, Gunzwil, Hamikon, Hasle, Heiligkreuz, Hergiswil, Herlisberg, Hertenstein, Hildisrieden, Hitzkirch, Hochdorf, Hohenrain, Honau, Horw, Inwil, Kleinwangen, Knutwil, Knottwil, Kriens, Kulmerau, Lieli, Luzern, Littau, Luthern, Malters, Marbach, Mauensee, Meggen, Meierskappen, Menznau, Mosen, Nebikon, Neudorf, Nottwil, Oberkirch, Ohmstahl, Pfaffnau, Retcshwil, Rickenbach, Root, Romoos, Ruswil, Schenkon, Schötz, St. Erhardt, Sulz, Sursee, Triengen, Uffikon, Ufhusen, Vitznau, Wauwil, Weggis, Werthenstein, Wiggen, Wikon, Wilihof, Wolhusen, Zell.
It is a member of the Federation of Swiss Protestant Churches, and subscribes to the Leuenberg Concordia (1973). The ordination of women and the blessing of same-sex unions are allowed.
References
External links
Evangelisch-Reformierte Kirche des Kantons Luzern
Canton of Lucerne
Lucerne
Lucerne
Numerous horse-drawn tramroads were constructed in South Wales during the Industrial Revolution, chiefly between the years 1790 and 1830 and connected with the iron and coal-mining industries.
The earliest tramroads were "edge-railways", where the wagons were guided by having flanged wheels running on plain rails, but from around 1800 most tramroads in the area were being made according to the principles of Benjamin Outram, with unflanged wheels running on L-section tracks fixed to stone-block sleepers; and many earlier lines were also rebuilt to these specifications. Track gauges were not standardised, but most were between 3 ft. 4 in and 4 ft. 4 in.
Overall, the early railways in South Wales covered about 400 miles, but between the 1840s and the 1860s most of the main lines were replaced by standard-gauge steam railways.
The list of tramroads in South Wales can be split into a number of regions:
Monmouthshire and Brecon Canal network
The canals converging on Newport Docks originally comprised two independent canals: the Monmouthshire Canal between Newport and Pontymoile Basin (as well as the Crumlin Arm, and the Brecknock and Abergavenny Canal between Pontymoile and Brecon. Numerous tramroads, some built by the canal companies themselves, converged on these canals, as well as forming cross-country routes not directly linked to the canals:
Taff Vale
This area encompasses the tramroads associated with the Glamorganshire and Aberdare Canals, which ultimately led to Cardiff Docks:
Vale of Neath
Served by the Neath and Tennant Canal, which led to Neath and Port Tennant for the Swansea docks:
Swansea Canal tramroads
This canal led up the Tawe valley north-east from Swansea:
West of Swansea
A number of largely unconnected tramroads, some linked to the Kidwelly and Llanelly Canal:
Outlying areas
A number of unconnected tramroads in other parts of South Wales:
References
Bibliography
Priestley's Navigable Rivers and Canals, Joseph Priestley 1831
Coflein: National Monuments Record of Wales database
old-maps.co.uk
Bertram Baxter: Stone Blocks and Iron Rails, David & Charles, 1966
James Gilbert: Railways of England and Wales, E Grattan, 1838
Charles Hadfield: The Canals of South Wales and the Border, University of Wales Press & Phoenix House, 1960
Horse-drawn railways
Tramroads in South Wales
South Wales
ILR may refer to:
Institute for Legal Reform, an advocacy group founded in 1998 by the United States Chamber of Commerce
Cornell University School of Industrial and Labor Relations
Industrial and Labor Relations Review (ILR Review), a publication of the Cornell University School of Industrial and Labor Relations
Interagency Language Roundtable, an unfunded organization on foreign language activities in the United States Federal Government
ILR scale, a measure of language proficiency originally created by the Interagency Language Roundtable
Indefinite leave to remain, an immigration status in the United Kingdom
Ivo Lola Ribar Institute, a Serbia-based manufacturer of heavy machine tools
Independent Local Radio, a term for commercial radio in the United Kingdom and Ireland
Institut Luxembourgeois de Régulation, a regulatory agency in Luxembourg
Iowa Law Review, published by the University of Iowa College of Law
Implantable loop recorder, a medical diagnostic device
Interleukin receptor (IL-R), a cytokine receptor for interleukins
Ignitable liquid residues, used in the detection of fire accelerants
Individualised Learner Record, a data collection submitted by further education providers in England
See also
Indian Long Range Squadron (ILRS)
The 2008–09 Bulgarian Cup was the 27th official Bulgarian annual football tournament. The competition started on October 15, 2008 with the Preliminary Round and ended on May 26, 2009. The defending champions were Litex Lovech, who successfully defended their title against Pirin Blagoevgrad.
Preliminary round
In this round entered 4 winners from the regional competitions as well as 3 teams from B Group (second level) decided by random draw. There should have been 4 teams selected from B Group, but since this year's league features only 31 team, 3 teams were chosen. The matches were played on October 15, 2008.
|-
!colspan=3 style="background-color:#D0F0C0;" |15 October 2008
|}
Note: Roman numerals in brackets denote the league tier the clubs participate in during the 2008–09 season.
First round
In this round entered winners from the previous round together with the remaining 28 teams from B Group. The matches were played on October 29, 2008.
|-
!colspan=3 style="background-color:#D0F0C0;" |29 October 2008
|}
Second round
This round featured winners from the First Round and all 16 teams from A Group. The matches were played on November 11, 12, 13 and 26, 2008.
|-
!colspan=3 style="background-color:#D0F0C0;" |11 November 2008
|-
!colspan=3 style="background-color:#D0F0C0;" |12 November 2008
|-
!colspan=3 style="background-color:#D0F0C0;" |13 November 2008
|-
!colspan=3 style="background-color:#D0F0C0;" |26 November 2008
|-
!colspan=3 style="background-color:#D0F0C0;" |3 December 2008
|}
Third round
In this round entered winners from the Second Round. The matches were played on December 7, 2008.
|-
!colspan=3 style="background-color:#D0F0C0;" |7 December 2008
|}
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Final
External links
bulgarian-football.com
Bulgarian Cup seasons
Bulgarian Cup, 2008-09
Cup
Franz Xaver Hauser (12 January 1794, Krasovice – 14 August 1870 in Freiburg im Breisgau) was a singer, voice teacher, and music manuscript collector.
Life
Franz Hauser was born in Krasowitz (today Krasovice, part of Kondrac Czech Republic). At his father's insistence, he first studied medicine, but he then studied singing with Václav Tomášek and composition with oboist Josef Triebensee.
He made his stage debut in 1817 in Prague as Sarastro in Mozart's Magic Flute. He found great success at the opera theaters in Vienna, Leipzig, and Berlin. He retired from the stage in 1838 and taught singing in Vienna. In 1846 he was appointed as director of the newly established conservatory in Munich (now the Hochschule für Musik und Theater München), serving as its director until 1864. He retired in 1865 to Karlsruhe and two years later to Freiburg im Breisgau.
Contemporary critics considered Hauser cold as an actor but approved of his pure voice. He was known for his interpretation of Weber and as Figaro (both Rossini's and Mozart's), Bertram, William Tell, and Spohr's Faust.
Hauser had many students including Jenny Lind and Henriette Sontag. He wrote a popular singing manual, Gesanglehre für Lehrer und Lernende (Leipzig, 1866) (freely available through Google books). As a composer, he was known for his songs. His correspondence with composer Moritz Hauptmann was published in two volumes in 1871.
Hauser's greatest significance today is as a collector of musical manuscripts –most notably of the composer Johann Sebastian Bach- assembling the greatest 19th century collection of that composer's manuscripts. He was a consultant for the Bach-Gesellschaft edition and prepared a thematic catalogue of Bach's works. Most of Hauser's autograph manuscripts by Bach (including 19 cantatas, the accompanied sonatas for violin, and the English suites for keyboard) were acquired by the Berlin Royal Library in 1904. Others were destroyed in 1945. Parts of his collection are also in the Darmstadt Landesbibliothek and the Harvard University Loeb Music Library.
His son, Moritz Hauser (1827–1857), became a theater director in Königsberg and a minor composer.
References
Yoshitake Kobayashi: Franz Hauser und seine Bach-Handschriftensammlung. Göttingen, University, Diss., 1975
Dale A. Jorgenson: The life and legacy of Franz Xaver Hauser: a forgotten leader in the nineteenth century Bach movement. Carbondale, Ill., Southern Illinois Univ. Press, 1996.
1794 births
1870 deaths
People from Benešov District
19th-century German male opera singers
German male classical composers
is a 2016 Japanese comedy film directed by Daigo Matsui. It critiques sexism in Japan through the story of a young woman.
Cast
Yū Aoi - Haruko Azumi
Mitsuki Takahata - Aina
Taiga - Yukio
Shono Hayama - Manabu
Huey Ishizaki - Yuji Soga
Akiko Kikuchi
References
External links
2016 comedy films
Japanese films
2010s Japanese films
The Senior men's race at the 2015 IAAF World Cross Country Championships was held at the Guiyang horse racing circuit in Guiyang, China, on March 28, 2015. Reports of the event were given for the IAAF.
Complete results for individuals, and for teams were published.
Race results
Senior men's race (12 km)
Individual
Teams
Note: Athletes in parentheses did not score for the team result.
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 110 athletes from 37 countries participated in the Senior men's race.
See also
2015 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Junior men's race
2015 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Senior women's race
2015 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Junior women's race
References
Senior men's race at the World Athletics Cross Country Championships
IAAF World Cross Country Championships
Jozef Gaganec (25 March 1793 – 22 December 1875) was a Rusyn Greek Catholic hierarch. He was the bishop of Slovak Catholic Eparchy of Prešov from 1843 to 1875.
Born in Vyšný Tvarožec, Austrian Empire (present day – Slovakia) in the Ruthenian family in 1793, he was ordained a priest on 8 March 1817 for the Ruthenian Catholic Eparchy of Mukacheve. He was confirmed as the Bishop of Eparchy by the Holy See on 30 January 1843. He was consecrated to the Episcopate on 25 June 1843. The principal consecrator was Bishop Vasyl Popovych, and the principal co-consecrators were Archbishop Aristaces Azarian and Bishop Johann Michael Leonhard.
He died in Prešov on 22 December 1875.
References
1793 births
1875 deaths
19th-century Eastern Catholic bishops
Slovak Greek Catholic bishops
A news bureau is an office for gathering or distributing news. Similar terms are used for specialized bureaus, often to indicate a geographic location or scope of coverage: a ‘Tokyo bureau' refers to a given news operation's office in Tokyo; 'foreign bureau' is a generic term for a news office set up in a country other than the primary operations center; a ‘Washington bureau' is an office, typically located in Washington, D.C., that covers news related to national politics in the United States. The person in charge of a news bureau is often called the bureau chief.
The term is distinct from a news desk, which refers to the editorial function of assigning reporters and other staff, and otherwise coordinating, news stories, and sometimes the physical desk where that occurs, but without regard to the geographic location or overall operation of the news organization. For example, a foreign bureau is located in a foreign country and refers to all creative and administrative operations that take place there, whereas a foreign desk describes only editorial functions and may be located anywhere, possibly as an organizational unit within the news organization's home office.
Operation of news bureaus
A news bureau is traditionally operated out of an office by a single news outlet such as a radio, television, or newspaper news program. A single news company such as CNN or NPR may use a single bureau and office staff for all of its programs, and even those of subsidiary or other affiliated companies. For convenience, to save money and space, and to ensure the availability of necessary services (such as video feeds and studios), different companies may share an office space or co-locate at a single office building. News agencies may also operate news bureaus, and major public relations sources (such as governments, large companies, or advocacy groups) may operate news bureaus of their own to create, rather than simply report, news stories.
History of news bureaus
Decline
Traditional news media, particularly television news and newspapers, have cut the number and size of news bureaus in recent decades for several reasons. They face declining profitability due to increasing competition from Internet news sources, and therefore have less money to spend on news-gathering.
Newspapers rely increasingly on cooperative arrangements with counterparts elsewhere and often will accept stories from their sister organizations rather than investigating stories themselves. Similarly, smaller newspapers may formally affiliate to sponsor cooperative bureaus that operate as press pools to serve more than one news organization (and sometimes a large number of organizations) from a single office. When news sources combine operations following a merger or other business consolidation, the surviving company often combines or eliminates redundant bureaus. Growing multiculturalism has facilitated this process: rather than demanding a reporter from their own country or locale who has been sent on assignment, news audiences have come to tolerate or even expect to see stories in remote locations covered by people who live locally; this empowers the audience to make their own judgments about any apparent cultural difference between themselves and the news subjects, rather than leaving the function of cultural interpretation entirely up to the reporter.
The often-criticized practice of parachute journalism allows news media to cover stories remotely using journalists who are generalists rather than more specialized field experts. Rather than leaving journalists in place waiting for breaking news to occur, smaller staff can be assigned as needed to wherever there are breaking stories, either by commuting to the physical location or by synthesizing reports from remote sources. An even more controversial practice, sometimes described as a reaction to declining resources rather than a legitimate cost-saving measure, is to rely on and reprint information from press releases written by public relations professionals working for people or companies that are the subject of an article, or have an interest in an article, without spending the resources to verify or conduct independent research on the matter. Another practice that limits news bureaus is embedded reporting, whereby war correspondents travel under the care of military units rather than at their own direction. The ability to quickly and safely travel throughout a war zone, and to obtain interviews with soldiers and coverage of important conflicts, appeals to news media, but at the cost of journalistic independence and, according to some, objectivity.
Nontraditional bureaus
The interaction between professional journalists, witnesses, and news subjects has evolved considerably. Whereas news subjects and bystanders were once treated simply as witnesses to be interviewed for a news story, the media have now accepted them as part of the news process. There are many antecedents to citizen journalism. For example, meteorologists would count on amateurs to gather weather data to report, or interview willing subjects unrelated to a news story for "man on the street" interviews. As early as the 1930s the Soviet Union encouraged millions of amateur People's correspondents to expose corruption and otherwise report on the news. Beginning in the 1970s, media, unable to respond quickly enough to obtain compelling coverage of natural disasters and weather phenomena such as tornadoes would count on hobbyists for photographs and film footage. With improvements in technology and as video cameras and video-equipped cell phones became widely available, they set up formal programs to gather material from nonprofessionals. For example, in August 2006, CNN launched "CNN Exchange", by which the public is encouraged to submit "I-Reports" comprising photographs, videos, or news accounts. More recently newspapers have incorporated blogs, once seen as a threat to conventional news practice, either by creating blogs of their own (and deputizing local or field-specific bloggers as a second, lower-paid tier among their recognized staff of independent contractors) or by covering blogs as news sources.
In 2006, Reuters opened its first virtual news Bureau, staffing real-life reporters in a virtual office in Second Life. CNN followed suit in October 2007, but took a citizen journalism approach, allowing residents of Second Life to submit their own reportage. Although the news audience of Second World is relatively small, and declining, media consider it a training ground for themselves and participants, applicable to future virtual news projects.
References
External links
CNN exchange - official site
second life at Reuters
News
Viktor Alekseyevich Zubkov (; 24 April 1937 – 16 October 2016) was a Soviet professional basketball player and coach. At a height of , he played at the center position. He is considered to be one of the most distinguished players of Soviet and European basketball in the 1950s and 1960s.
He won two silver medals at the Summer Olympic Games, while representing the senior men's Soviet national team. He was named one of FIBA's 50 Greatest Players in 1991.
Club playing career
Zubkov played at the club level with CSKA Moscow, with whom he won 8 Soviet national league titles (1959–1966), and two FIBA European Champions Cup (EuroLeague) titles (1961 and 1963).
National team career
As a member of the senior men's Soviet national team for seven years (1956–1963), he won two Olympic silver medals (1956 and 1960), one FIBA World Cup bronze medal, in 1963 (in which he was also the team captain), and three EuroBasket gold medals (1957, 1959, and 1961).
Post-playing career
Zubkov retired from playing basketball in 1966, and after that, he worked as senior instructor and deputy chief of the military-engineering academy, named after Valerian Kuybyshev, and as the head coach of the senior Mozambican national team.
he dien on 16 october 2016
References
External links
FIBA Profile
FIBA Europe Profile
Olympics Profile
Russian Language Profile
1937 births
2016 deaths
Basketball players at the 1956 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Centers (basketball)
FIBA EuroBasket-winning players
Medalists at the 1956 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Olympic basketball players of the Soviet Union
Olympic medalists in basketball
Olympic silver medalists for the Soviet Union
PBC CSKA Moscow players
Russian basketball coaches
Russian basketball players
Soviet basketball coaches
Soviet men's basketball players
1959 FIBA World Championship players
1963 FIBA World Championship players
Sportspeople from Rostov-on-Don
Ilse L.-M. Russ was a cargo ship that was built in 1926 by Flensburger Schiffbau Gesellschaft, Flensburg. She was seized by the Allies in May 1945 at Kiel, passed to the Ministry of War Transport (MoWT) and renamed Empire Conqueror. In 1946, she was allocated to the Norwegian Government and renamed Ekornes. She was sold into merchant service in 1947 and renamed Elfrida. She served until December 1959 when she sprang a leak and sank off the coast of Norway.
Description
The ship was built as yard number 403 by Flensberger Schiffbau Gesellschaft, Flensburg. She was launched in 1926, with completion in August of that year.
The ship was long, with a beam of and a depth of . The ship had a GRT of 1,600 and a NRT of 942. She had a DWT of 2,600.
The ship was propelled by a triple expansion steam engine, which had cylinders of , and diameter by stroke. The engine was built by Flensburger Schiffau Gesellschaft. It could propel her at .
History
Ilse L.-M. Russ was built in 1926 for Schiffart und Assekuranz GmbH. She was operated under the management of Ernst Russ, Hamburg. She was allocated the Code Letters RFVK. In 1934, her code letters were changed to DHMI. In 1936, Ilse L.-M. Russ was one of 20 ships chartered to transport timber from Leningrad, Soviet Union to Germany. In 1940, Ilse L.-M. Russ was one of the ships that was to have taken part in Operation Herbstreise.
In May 1945, Ilse L.-M. Russ was seized by the Allies at Kiel. She was passed to the MoWT and renamed Empire Conqueror. She was placed under the management of William S Scott & Co Ltd. Her port of registry was changed to London. The Code Letters GMXN and United Kingdom Official Number 180700 were allocated.
In 1946, Empire Conqueror was transferred to the Norwegian Government and was renamed Ekornes. Her port of registry was changed to Oslo and the Code Letter LLTS were allocated. In 1947, she was sold to Tetlies Rederi AS, Trondheim and renamed Elfrida. She was operated under the management of Bjarne Tetlie. On 8 December 1959, Elfrida was on a voyage from Archangelsk, Soviet Union to a Danish port with a cargo of timber, when a leak developed in the engine room. The weather at the time was stormy. A distress call was issued when the ship was at . The ship was discovered capsized with the loss of all 20 crew. She sank on 9 December some off Stavanger.
References
External links
Photo of Elfrida
1926 ships
Ships built in Flensburg
Steamships of Germany
Merchant ships of Germany
World War II merchant ships of Germany
Ministry of War Transport ships
Empire ships
Steamships of the United Kingdom
Merchant ships of the United Kingdom
Steamships of Norway
Merchant ships of Norway
Maritime incidents in 1959
Jeffrey John Hanneman (January 31, 1964 – May 2, 2013) was an American musician, best known as a founding member and rhythm/lead guitarist of the thrash metal band Slayer. Hanneman composed both music and lyrics for every Slayer album until his death in 2013 at age 49. He had his own signature guitar, the ESP Jeff Hanneman Signature model.
Biography
Early life
Hanneman was born January 31, 1964, in Oakland, California, and grew up in Long Beach in a family containing several war veterans: his father fought in Normandy during World War II and his brothers in Vietnam, making warfare a common conversation topic at the dinner table. War films were popular on TV at the time, and Hanneman often joined his brothers in constructing and coloring tank and plane models. His interest in warfare and military history has been attributed to his upbringing.
In a 2009 interview with Decibel magazine, he stated his father is German, but fought for the Allied side in World War II. In the same interview, he also goes into detail of what district of Germany his father and grandparents hail from. His grandfather was fluent in German.
Hanneman was introduced to heavy metal music as a child through his older sister Mary, when she was listening to Black Sabbath at her house. Once he reached high school, he discovered hardcore punk, which had a significant influence on his style and attitude.
Slayer
In 1981, Hanneman, who was working as a telemarketer at the time, met Kerry King, when King was auditioning for a southern rock band called "Ledger". King remembered: "As I was leaving, I saw Jeff just kinda standing around playing guitar, and he was playing stuff that I was into, like Def Leppard's 'Wasted' and AC/DC and Priest". After the try-out session, the two guitarists started talking and playing Iron Maiden and Judas Priest songs. Slayer was born when King asked "Why don't we start our own band?", to which Hanneman replied "...Fuck yeah!".
Hanneman stated that he was playing guitar for a year by the time he met King and put an effort into improving his skills after watching him play. Hanneman, who was heavily influenced by hardcore punk music, got the other members into the genre, leading Slayer into a faster and more aggressive approach. The band's drummer Dave Lombardo asserted that his hardcore influences pushed him to play faster, contributing to shape his drumming style.
In 1984, Hanneman, Lombardo and Suicidal Tendencies guitarist Rocky George had a brief hardcore punk side project called "Pap Smear" – the band had many tracks and was due to start recording when Hanneman was advised to avoid the side project by Slayer's producer, Rick Rubin, who is quoted as saying "Aaaah, don't do it, man – this is the kind of thing that breaks bands up!" and Hanneman took Rubin's advice. Only a demo was recorded, consisting of Hanneman on vocals and bass, Lombardo on drums and George on guitar. Later two of the songs were re-recorded on Slayer's 1996 album Undisputed Attitude.
Illness and death
In early 2011, Hanneman contracted necrotizing fasciitis. Reports linked this illness with a spider bite he claimed to have received while in a friend's hot tub.
In light of his illness and Slayer's upcoming participation in the Australian Soundwave Festival tour that was set to begin on February 26, 2011, the band made the decision to play the dates without Hanneman, and on February 16, 2011, brought on Gary Holt (Exodus) to fill in for him. Pat O'Brien (Cannibal Corpse) joined as Slayer's temporary second guitarist when Holt left the tour to play with Exodus. In 2012, bandmate Tom Araya announced a recovery from the disease. However, in February 2013, King revealed that Hanneman was still battling health issues that prevented him from performing.
Hanneman died of liver failure on May 2, 2013, in a Southern California hospital near his home. On May 9, 2013, the official cause of death was announced as alcohol-related cirrhosis. Hanneman and his family had apparently been unaware of the extent of the condition until shortly before his death. Holt eventually became Hanneman's permanent replacement in Slayer, remaining with the band for the next six years until they disbanded after finishing their final tour in 2019.
Personal life
In 1989, Hanneman married Kathryn in Las Vegas. They had met in 1983 before the release of the debut album Show No Mercy, during a Slayer show in Buena Park, California.
Hanneman was a reserved person when he was offstage. Unlike the other members, he was very selective in socializing and rarely gave interviews. As vocalist/bassist Araya said: "If he didn't like you, he wouldn't hang with you."
German history
Hanneman's interest in German war medals and Nazi Germany was illustrated by many of his lyrics. Those interests in the Wehrmacht and Waffen-SS began with medals given to him by his father, including some taken from a dead German soldier. His most prized medal was his Knight's Cross, which he had bought from a Slayer fan for $1,000. While touring with Motörhead, Hanneman discovered Motörhead vocalist Lemmy's interest in medals, and the two discussed medal designs, weapons and tactics used by the Wehrmacht.
Hanneman's lyrics for the song "Angel of Death" led to accusations of Slayer being Nazi sympathizers. Hanneman defended himself with "I know why people misinterpret it -- it's because they get this knee-jerk reaction to it. When they read the lyrics, there's nothing I put in the lyrics that says necessarily [Josef Mengele] was a bad man, because to me – well, isn't that obvious? I shouldn't have to tell you that." The band has stated numerous times that they are not Nazis and do not condone Nazism.
Influences and style
Hanneman's major influences included hard rock and heavy metal bands like Led Zeppelin, Iron Maiden, Judas Priest, Black Sabbath and Aerosmith, and hardcore punk acts such as Wasted Youth, Minor Threat, Dead Kennedys, Black Flag and T.S.O.L., which led to Slayer's 1996 album Undisputed Attitude. Hanneman's and King's dual guitar solos have been called "wildly chaotic", and "twisted genius". South of Heaven featured "more technical" guitar riffs, utilizing the aforementioned tremolo picking and down-picked notes, improving musicianship while retaining a melodic sense. Both Hanneman and King were ranked number 10 in Guitar World'''s "100 Greatest Heavy Metal Guitarists of All Time".
Legacy
Hanneman's guitar work had a notable influence on heavy metal music and culture. Musicians such as Robb Flynn (Machine Head), Dino Cazares (Fear Factory, Divine Heresy), Mille Petrozza (Kreator), Andreas Kisser (Sepultura), Dan Lilker (Anthrax, Nuclear Assault), Eric Hoffman (Amon/Deicide), Trevor Peres (Obituary), Mark Morton (Lamb of God) and Kelly Shaefer (Atheist) cited him as an influence on their playing and songwriting. Jeff Walker said that "Hanneman's playing and riff writing and attitude has had a big impact on Carcass". Shavo Odadjian declared that "without Jeff Hanneman, there would be no System of a Down".
John Consterdine of Terrorizer magazine noted: "without Jeff Hanneman, Slayer certainly would not have created some of the most famous riffs in metal, which undoubtedly changed the entire genre". According to Jeff Kitts of Guitar World, he "influenced a generation and changed the course of metal forever". Alex Webster of Cannibal Corpse, who considers Hanneman his major influence as a composer, regarded him as "one of the greatest musicians and songwriters in metal" and Alexi Laiho of Children of Bodom described him as "one of the fathers of metal".
Alex Skolnick of Testament asserted that he "wrote some of the best riffs of all time" and "he impacted music in such a way that an entire genre will never be the same". According to Corey Taylor of Slipknot and Stone Sour, Hanneman is "one of the most underrated writers and underrated players that ever was" while Slash of Guns N' Roses and Velvet Revolver defined him "the king of thrash/speed metal guitar".
Lyrics and music
Hanneman wrote the music for most of the band's fan favorites, songs such as "Angel of Death", "Raining Blood", "Die by the Sword", "South of Heaven", "War Ensemble", "Postmortem", "Dead Skin Mask" and "Seasons in the Abyss", which have all become staples for live performance at Slayer shows. Hanneman's favorite album was Reign in Blood, and he enjoyed performing the songs "Raining Blood" and "Angel of Death". He contributed lyrics and music to every Slayer album, having formed a music and lyric writing partnership with Araya, which sometimes overshadowed King's creative input.
When writing new material, the band writes the music before the lyrics. Hanneman often composed riffs at his house, using a 24-track and a drum machine and then by gathering opinions from the other band members; King and Lombardo made suggestions of alterations. The band will play the riff to get the basic song structure, and then figure out where the lyrics and solos go. Hanneman stated that writing lyrics and music is a "free for all"; "It's all just whoever comes up with what. Sometimes I'll be more on a roll and I'll have more stuff, same with Kerry – it's whoever's hot, really. Anybody can write anything; if it's good we use it, if not we don't."
Equipment
Hanneman used a black Gibson Les Paul modified with a Kahler Pro tremolo and a Joe Barden Two/Tone Humbucker bridge pickup in Slayer's early days and through the Show No Mercy and Hell Awaits eras. There are also photos and videos of him playing a natural stain-finished Gibson Explorer during the band's early days. In mid 1985 he began playing B.C. Rich guitars, notably a Rich Bich model he bought off his bandmate Kerry King and subsequently applied various graphics to. His first Bich had a 3x3 headstock, chrome hardware (including the Kahler Pro bridge) and two DiMarzio Super Distortion pickups. He and King can both also be seen with a second set of B.C. Rich's around 1986–1987, which had 6-in-line headstocks, black hardware and DiMarzio pickups. He also used a B.C. Rich Ironbird model more rarely. From 1987, he was seen using a custom made B.C. Rich Gunslinger with similar specs as his '86-'87 era Bich, shortly after he had the pickups replaced with two active EMG 81 humbuckers. In 1988 he began playing the famous Jackson Soloist that he would use constantly as his main guitar for songs played in E-flat tuning until 2001. It was originally shipped to him with passive Jackson pickups (probably a J-50 and J-80) and a JE-1200 mid-boost circuit, but the pickups were soon changed for EMG 81 pickups and the mid-boost circuit was removed as well. Around 1990-1991 Hanneman began using ESP guitars, he mostly used as backup for this Jackson Soloist and other tunings. He had his own signature model made, based on the specs of his original Jackson Soloist. In 2000, Hanneman switched to ESP guitars, which he used exclusively until he stopped touring in early 2011. ESP also gave Hanneman his own signature model (see below), which is still available for purchase. When touring, Hanneman carried six guitars due to the different tunings he utilized. Most albums such as Haunting the Chapel – Divine Intervention and World Painted Blood have E-flat tuning. However, albums such as Diabolus in Musica – Christ Illusion feature alternate tunings such as Drop B and utilizing seven-string guitars. The first album, Show No Mercy, was recorded in standard tuning, while live performances of those songs were played in E-flat since about 1984.
Guitars
ESP Jeff Hanneman Signature model
Jackson Custom Shop Soloist
EMG 81/85 pickups with EMG SPC Mid-Boost circuit
Kahler Pro bridges
Dunlop .009-.042 Strings
D'Addario .009-.042 Strings (earlier)
Effects
Shure Wireless System
Eventide H3000S Harmonizer
Yamaha SPX-90 Effects Processor
Rocktron Super C HUSH
MXR Smart Gate
BOSS RGE-10 (10 band EQs)
Amplification
Marshall JCM800 2203 amplifiers
Marshall JCM800 1960 Cabinets, later ModeFour Speaker Cabinet, supposedly loaded with Celestion G12T-75 Speakers
Discography
1983: Show No Mercy1984: Haunting the Chapel1985: Hell Awaits1986: Reign in Blood1988: South of Heaven1990: Seasons in the Abyss1994: Divine Intervention1996: Undisputed Attitude1998: Diabolus in Musica2001: God Hates Us All2006: Christ Illusion2009: World Painted Blood2015: Repentless'' (writing credit "Piano Wire")
References
External links
1964 births
2013 deaths
20th-century American guitarists
Alcohol-related deaths in California
American heavy metal guitarists
American male guitarists
American people of German descent
Burials at Pacific View Memorial Park
Deaths from cirrhosis
Deaths from liver failure
Guitarists from Los Angeles
Rhythm guitarists
Musicians from Oakland, California
Lead guitarists
Slayer members
Benno and Sylvia Rabinof were a violin and piano duo. They extensively toured the U.S., Europe, Asia and Africa throughout their career together performing a mix of classical and contemporary pieces.
Benno Rabinof
Benno Rabinof (1902-1975), a violinist, was the last of Leopold Auer's famous students, who also included Efrem Zimbalist, Mischa Elman, and Jascha Heifetz. In 1927, Benno made his Carnegie Hall debut playing the Elgar and Tchaikovsky concertos, with Auer conducting. Benno then performed throughout America and Europe, in solo recitals and with orchestras. In the late thirties and early forties, Benno played 28 different concertos in a series of 28 weekly WOR broadcasts under the baton of Alfred Wallenstein.
Sylvia Rabinof
Sylvia Rabinof, a pianist, teacher, and composer, was born Sylvia Smith in New York on October 10, 1913. As a child and teenager, Sylvia attended the Third Street Music School Settlement, later continuing her piano studies with Paderewski, Simon Barere, and Rudolf Serkin. Sylvia made her European debut in Paris in 1937; and in 1938, she gave a recital at Town Hall in New York. Sylvia died in Florida on January 20, 2001.
Rabinof collaborations and life after Benno
A week after Sylvia and Benno met, they got together for their first date, spending the day playing all 10 of Beethoven's sonatas for violin and piano.
Benno and Sylvia married in 1943 and began concertizing around the world together, performing violin and piano sonatas, as well as appearing in solo recitals and as soloists with major orchestras. For their tenth wedding anniversary in 1953, Sylvia and Benno performed all 10 Beethoven piano and violin sonatas in one day at Town Hall, a feat they would repeat at Alice Tully Hall in 1969. In 1954, they premiered the Concerto for Violin, Piano and Orchestra of the Czech composer Bohuslav Martinu, which was commissioned by them. Sylvia and Benno continued to perform together until Benno died in 1975.
Throughout their career Benno and Sylvia maintained a busy performing and teaching schedule, and chose to emphasize that over preparing for recordings. However, in 1965 Decca records produced "Gypsy Violin Classics," featuring Benno on the violin and Sylvia on piano. In May 1965, a High Fidelity reviewer wrote, “Rabinof's pulsating, glossy tone and his spectacular velocity definitely bear the Auer label, long a distinguishing trademark in the annals of violin playing. He gives an impressive and satisfying account of himself in this collection.”
Sylvia Rabinof also taught and composed, specializing in composing improvisations based on the classics. From 1971 to 1979, she taught in the pre-college division at Juilliard, and she gave summer workshops at the Brevard Music Center in North Carolina.
For some 30 years, Sylvia wrote biographies of musicians and articles about improvisation for Junior Keynotes magazine, a publication of the National Federation of Music Clubs. Sylvia also served as chairperson of the federation's improvisation activities and regularly performed and gave workshops at the federation's annual convention.
In 1978, Sylvia married Charles Rothenberg, a lawyer and music lover. In 1989, Sylvia and Charles, who by then were spending their winters in Florida, moved permanently from New York to Florida. Charles died in 1992.
Sylvia continued to play the piano, compose, and teach, using the name Sylvia Rabinof, until her death at age 87 on January 20, 2001.
During the 1990s, Sylvia performed as a solo pianist and with other musicians, including violinist Ruggiero Ricci. In the mid 1990s, a CD featuring Ricci and Sylvia in a performance of the Sibelius Violin and Piano Sonata was produced.
In 2003, Pavilion Records, LTD, under the Pearl label, produced a CD made from tapes of performances by the Rabinofs in the 1940s and 1950s.
Sylvia's students included Ken Noda, Richard Allston, and Jose Ramos-Santana; and she mentored Richard Glazier, composing a variation on a theme by Gershwin for Glazier to perform.
External links
Sylvia Rabinof collection at the International Piano Archives at Maryland (also contains materials pertaining to Benno Rabinof) (accessed 12 Jul 2013)
Jose Ramos-Santana
Richard Glazier
Richard C. Alston
American classical violinists
American male violinists
Rabinof, Sylvia
Jewish classical musicians
Male classical violinists
Yettel Hungary (formerly Telenor, Pannon and Pannon GSM) is the second largest mobile phone operator in Hungary. Yettel Hungary Ltd. was founded as Pannon GSM Telecommunications Ltd. in 1994.
History
In November, 1993 Pannon GSM Telecommunications Ltd. signed a concession agreement and in March of the following year started to operate on the 900 MHz frequency. In 1999 the company won a tender for the 1800 MHz frequency. In November, 2000 it started to operate on the 1800 MHz frequency in Budapest, and in March 2001, the whole country.
The network covers 99% of Hungary. The company has 13 switching centres, more than 1500 base stations and employs 1,060 people.
The company's revenue in 2001 was HUF 132.8 billion and profits before taxes were HUF 18.7 billion.
On January 31, 2003 the company had 2,627,000 subscribers representing 40% of the Hungarian mobile market, which was then shared by 3 companies.
On February 14, 2006 the company changed its main brand to Pannon and refreshed its visual image, in line with the new corporate identity of its parent, Telenor. On May 18, 2010 the company changed its name to Telenor.
In January 2018, the company's management confirmed media reports that there is interest in sale of Telenor's business in Southeast Europe, including Telenor Hungary. In March 2018, Telenor sold its business in Southeast Europe (Bulgaria, Hungary, Montenegro and Serbia) to the investment fund PPF, for a sum of 2.8 billion euros.
In January 2022, Telenor announced they would change their name to Yettel on March 1, 2022.
Network information
The IMSI - Network Code of Yettel is 216-1 and MSISDN Network Codes are 20 (international: +36 20)
The display name of Yettel: Yettel HU
References
External links
Yettel Hungary
Yettel – PPF Group
1994 establishments in Hungary
Telecommunication companies of Hungary
Telecommunication companies established in 1994
2003 mergers and acquisitions
2018 mergers and acquisitions
Eduard "Eddy" Christiani (21 April 1918 – 24 October 2016) was a Dutch guitarist, singer, and composer. He was best known for songs like Zonnig Madeira (1938), Ouwe Taaie (1943), Op De Woelige Baren (1948), Kleine Greetje Uit De Polder (1950), Spring Maar Achterop (1952), Daar Bij De Waterkant and Rosemarie Polka (1953). In 1961 he reached the 82nd position with his Spanish-language song Sucu Sucu (1961)
He reminisced about his tricky experiences in the Netherlands of both performing for the occupying Nazis and as a resistance supporter in the TV documentary series The World at War (Episode: Occupation: Holland 1940–1944).
In 2008, his song "Rhythm for You" was included in the video game Fallout 3.
References
1918 births
2016 deaths
Dutch guitarists
20th-century Dutch male singers
Dutch folk singers
Dutch male guitarists
Dutch jazz guitarists
Musicians from The Hague
Male jazz musicians
Øystein Olsen (born 8 January 1952) is a Norwegian public servant who served as Governor of the Central Bank of Norway from 2011 to 2022.
Career
Olsen is cand.oecon. from the University of Oslo in 1977
Olsen came to the Central Bank governor position from his previous rank as Managing Director of Statistics Norway (SSB). He took on this position from 1 January 2005, succeeding Svein Longva. The SSB position is a fixed term of six years. He has also previously worked in SSB as researcher, senior researcher, and head of the Oil and energy group from 1977 to 1990. After a year in ECON, Center for Economic Analysis, Olsen returned to the SSB as research director in the years 1991 to 1994. From 1996 to 1999 he was appointed as research director and head of the research department in the same place. From 1999 until he became director of the SSB, he was a deputy secretary in the Economics Department of the Norwegian Ministry of Finance.
From 1993 to 1998 Olsen was professor II at Norwegian School of Management.
In August 2021, he announced his intention to step down after his 12th annual speech in February 2022, about a year before his term as governor was meant to end. Olsen stated that he thought the timing was acceptable due to him turning 70 in January.
Other activities
International Monetary Fund (IMF), Ex-Officio Member of the Board of Governors
University of Oslo, Member of the Board
References
External links
Øystein Olsen vert ny administrerande direktør i SSB
1952 births
Living people
Governors of the Central Bank of Norway
Norwegian economists
Directors of government agencies of Norway
University of Oslo alumni
Bălți County was a county (Romanian: județ) in Moldova from 1998 to 2003, with the seat at Bălți. Its population in 2002 was 506,300.
References
Counties of Moldova, Statoids.com
Counties of Moldova
Counties of Bessarabia
1998 establishments in Moldova
2003 disestablishments in Moldova
States and territories established in 1998
States and territories disestablished in 2003
After Midnight is a 1927 American silent drama film written and directed by Monta Bell. The film stars Norma Shearer and Gwen Lee. A copy of After Midnight is housed at the Cinémathèque Française.
Synopsis
A story of New York's nightlife: Mary (Norma Shearer) is a cabaret hostess with a heart of gold and her sister Maizie (Gwen Lee) is a gold-digger with no heart.
Cast
Norma Shearer - Mary Miller
Lawrence Gray - Joe Miller
Gwen Lee - Maizie
Eddie Sturgis - Red Smith
Philip Sleeman - Gus Van Gundy
References
External links
Lobby poster at Flickr
1927 films
1927 drama films
Silent American drama films
American silent feature films
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
American black-and-white films
1920s American films
Orkuveita Reykjavíkur (English: Reykjavík Energy) is an Icelandic energy and utility company that provides electricity, geothermal hot water through district heating and cold water for consumption and fire fighting. It also operates a wholesale access fiber network and waste-treatment facilities. The company's service area extends to 20 communities in the south-west part of Iceland. Orkuveita Reykjavíkur is owned by the City of Reykjavík (93.5%) and the Municipalities of Akranes (5.5%) and Borgarbyggð (1%).
History
Orkuveita Reykjavíkur was established 1 January 1999, by uniting Rafmagnsveita Reykjavíkur and Hitaveita Reykjavíkur. Rafmagnsveita Reykjavíkur was established in the year 1921. Hitaveita Reykjavíkur became an independent company in 1946, having been in operation as a City entity since 1930. In the year 2000 Vatnsveita Reykjavíkur was united with Orkuveita Reykjavíkur, but the former started operation 16 June 1909.
Orkuveita Reykjavíkur was obliged by law to unbundle its operations by January 1, 2014. Thus came about the subsidiaries Orka náttúrunnar ohf. (English: ON Power plc.) and Veitur ohf. (English: Veitur Utilities plc.). January 1, 2007, the subsidiary Gagnaveita Reykjavíkur (English: Reykjavík Fibre Network ltd.) commenced operations. In 2020 Carbfix became a subsidiary to further support climate action, limit financial risks, and protect intellectual property.
Geothermal plants
Orkuveita Reykjavíkur owns and operates the Nesjavellir and Hellisheiði geothermal power stations. The plants are cogeneration plants (CHP) provide both electricity and hot water to industries and households in the Reykjavík capital area. 99% of housing in this area is heated with hot water provided by geothermal sources. Both plants are situated in the Hengill region; an active volcanic ridge.
Board and management
The board of directors at Orkuveita Reykjavíkur is appointed by the Reykjavík and Akranes City Councils. Reykjavík appoints five members and Akranes appoints one. The Borgarbyggð Council appoints an attending representative. As of 2014, Dr. Brynhildur Davidsdottir is Orkuveita Reykjavíkur's chairman of the board. Bjarni Bjarnason is CEO.
See also
Electricity sector in Iceland
Landsvirkjun
References
External links
Official site
Electric power companies of Iceland
Water supply and sanitation in Iceland
Belleau is a hamlet and civil parish in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England. It is situated approximately south-east from Louth, and north-west from Alford. The Belleau parish includes the hamlet of Claythorpe.
According to the 2001 Census Belleau had a population of 18 in 8 households. At the time of the 2011 census the population remained fewer than 100 and was included in the civil parish of Authorpe.
The village name is taken from the spring of the rivulet Eau which rises in the village.
The Grade II listed parish church of Belleau is dedicated to St John the Baptist. The church was almost entirely rebuilt in 1862. Near the church are the remains of an old manor house, the former home of the Earls of Lindsey. Other Bellau listed buildings are a pigeoncote and barn at Manor Farm.
A notable Belleau resident was the Puritan leader Henry Vane the Younger. Vane bought the Belleau estate after his marriage to Frances, the daughter of Sir Christopher Wray. Roger Williams, the founder of the American state of Rhode Island, dedicated one of his books to Frances after he came to stay at Belleau; he shared an interest in religious liberty with Vane. Vane employed the radical clergyman John Wheelwright as a chaplain.
References
External links
Villages in Lincolnshire
Civil parishes in Lincolnshire
East Lindsey District
Amy Wan Man Cheung is a conceptual artist and has produced large-scale works including photography, durational performances, robotic sculptures, installations, wearables, landscape and architectural design and VR short films. Born and raised in Hong Kong, she received a B.A. in art history and fine art from Goldsmiths College in London and an M.F.A. from the Slade School of Fine Art of the University of London. She was Beck's New Contemporaries in U.K. and UNESCO-Aschberg Laureate awarded by UNESCO's International Fund for the Promotion of Culture, subsequently represented Hong Kong in the 2007 Venice Biennale, received the "Outstanding Young Artist Award" from the Hong Kong Arts Development Council. and the Lee Hysan Foundation Fellowship from the Asian Cultural Council.
Since 1997, she has exhibited in over 40 exhibitions—both locally and abroad. She began her artistic career by blindfolding herself for three days to experience Hong Kong's political handover 72 hours sound & vision. Made in Hong Kong (30/6/1997-2/7/1997). This work emerged through the sociopolitical tension between who had the power to control the audio-visual narrative of how did Hong Kong people "feel' through its historical transition. Cheung documented this media spectacle by inviting 72 individuals, each 'open-their-eyes-and-listen-on-her-behalf' in their own environments for an hour, continuously for 72 hours from the day before the handover until the day after. Cheung aspired to democratise the 'official sentimentality' by celebrating individuals' right to remember for themselves how they truly felt about this event and the new identity. In 2013, Cheung collaborated with psychologist Philip Zimbardo, the creator of the Stanford Prison Experiment on a piece called <imagine.heroes>. They went inside a fMRI scanner to imagine heroes for 4 minutes, Cheung thought about a Chinese hero, while Zimbardo focused on an American hero, then they both imagined a Platonic Hero. Their brains' neurochemical activation were captured and engraved into a triptych and subsequently painted in their own blood. Hankie Bank: Boundaries are of Equal Length, Cheung transformed an under utilised City Bank into an immersive theatre and participatory stock exchange. With this project, Cheung aimed to give a new life to a site that had been abandoned.
Selected exhibitions
Frozen dislocated shocket plug-ged away home precise warmth, newcontemporaries, Camden Art Center, London, United Kingdom (1997)
72 hours sound & vision. Made in Hong Kong (30/6/1997-2/7/1997) Media. Art. Project., Amos Anderson Museum, Helsinki, Finland (1997)
Basketball, Hiding Behind the Sofa, Perma Art Centre, Gloucester, England (1997)
Slurps!, Forum Box Gallery, Helsinki, Finland (1999)
Freelance Gallery Tram, City Festival, Hong Kong (1999)
Nasubi Gallery Project, Cities on the Move, Museum of Contemporary Art, Helsinki, Finland (1999)
Misled, Institute of Contemporary Art, London, United Kingdom (1999)
In awhile the crocodile, Marseille en Juin, France (1999)
Group exhibitions
Open Studios, International Studio & Curatorial Program, Williamsburg, New York, USA (2011)
Hong Kong Eye 2012, Saatchi Gallery, London, UK (2012-2013)
Tale of the Wonderland, Blindspot Gallery, Wong Chuk Hang, Hong Kong (2017)
Camouflage: Visual Art and Design in Disguise (2012)
References
External links
Official website
Interview with Amy Cheung (Asia Art Archive)
Living people
Hong Kong artists
Hong Kong women artists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Hervé Piccirillo (born 6 March 1967 in Martigues) is a French football referee. He has been a referee in the French Football Federation (FFF) since 1990 and became a FIFA referee in 2005, although he officiated one international friendly match between Morocco and Senegal in February 2003. He is no longer included on the FIFA list as of 2013.
Piccirillo served as a referee in UEFA Euro 2008 qualification and a fourth official in qualifying matches for the 2006 and 2010 World Cups.
References
1967 births
Living people
French football referees
The chestnut-crested antbird (Rhegmatorhina cristata) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae. It is found in Brazil and Colombia. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
This species is a specialist ant-follower that relies on swarms of army ants to flush insects and other arthropods out of the leaf litter.
The chestnut-crested antbird was described by the Austrian ornithologist August von Pelzeln in 1868 and given the binomial name Pithys cristata.
References
chestnut-crested antbird
Birds of the Brazilian Amazon
Birds of the Colombian Amazon
chestnut-crested antbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Rahera (Rachel) Windsor QSM (born Rahera Honi Heta, 13 March 1925 – 3 May 2004) was a kuia (female elder) of the UK Māori community, and one of the founding members of Ngāti Rānana.
Biography
Windsor was born in Pupuke, near Kaeo, in the Northland of New Zealand, in 1925. She left Northland for Auckland at an early age, and thereafter moved to the South Island where she worked as a Land Girl. She married a British naval engineer in 1951, subsequently relocating to the United Kingdom. Soon after her arrival in the UK she became actively involved in the celebration and promotion of Māori cultural and spiritual interests.
Additional information
Windsor has been recognised for her contributions to the development of the relationship between Ngāti Rānana and Ngāti Hinemihi. She was awarded the Queen's Service Medal for Community Service in 1996.
The "Rahera Windsor Award for New Zealand Studies" has been issued by the New Zealand Studies Association since April 2005, and is named in her honour.
References and links
Recipients of the Queen's Service Medal
British people of Māori descent
New Zealand expatriates in the United Kingdom
1925 births
2004 deaths
People from the Northland Region
Matthew Ahearn is an American politician, who served in the New Jersey General Assembly, where he represented the 38th legislative district from 2002 to 2004. Ahearn represented a district which covers an area between the Passaic and Hudson Rivers in suburban Bergen County. Ahearn was elected to the Assembly as a Democrat in 2002, but switched his registration to the Green Party in January 2003, while in office after a much-publicized feud with Bergen County Democratic Organization chief Joe Ferriero. Ahearn ran as the Green Party candidate in 2003 and lost to Robert M. Gordon and Joan Voss, the Democratic candidates for office.
Ahearn served in the Assembly on the Military & Veterans' Affairs Committee (as Vice Chair) and the Regulated Professions & Independent Authorities Committee.
Ahearn served as the Deputy Mayor of Fair Lawn from 1998–2000 and on the Fair Lawn Planning Board during that same period.
He served in the United States Army from 1981–1985, and in the United States Army Reserves/National Guard from 1985–1992, attaining the rank of captain.
Ahearn graduated with a B.A. from Rutgers University in Political Science and a J.D. from the Hofstra University School of Law.
References
External links
Assemblyman Ahearn's Government Website, from the Internet Archive, archived October 13, 2003
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Rutgers University alumni
Members of the New Jersey General Assembly
New Jersey Democrats
People from Fair Lawn, New Jersey
New Jersey Greens
American democracy activists
Anti-corporate activists
Maurice A. Deane School of Law alumni
Green Party of the United States officeholders
Range Line is an unincorporated community in Eagle Creek Township, Lake County, Indiana.
Geography
Range Line is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Lake County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
In classic macOS System 7 and later, and in macOS, an alias is a small file that represents another object in a local, remote, or removable file system and provides a dynamic link to it; the target object may be moved or renamed, and the alias will still link to it (unless the original file is recreated; such an alias is ambiguous and how it is resolved depends on the version of macOS). In Windows, a "shortcut", a file with a .lnk extension, performs a similar function.
It is similar to the Unix symbolic link, but with the distinction of working even if the target file moves to another location on the same disk (in this case it acts like a hard link, but the source and target of the link may be on different filesystems, and the target of the link may be a directory). As a descendant of BSD, macOS supports Unix symbolic (and hard) links as well.
Function
An alias act as a stand-in for any object in the file system, such as a document, an application, a folder, a hard disk, a network share or removable medium or a printer. When double-clicked, the computer will act the same way as if the original file had been double-clicked. Likewise, choosing an alias file from within a 'File Open' dialog box would open the original file. The purpose of an alias is to assist the user in managing large numbers of files by providing alternative ways to access them without having to copy the files themselves. While a typical alias under the classic macOS was small, between 1 and 5 KB, under macOS it can be fairly large, more than 5 MB (5000 KB) for the alias to a folder.
Preventing alias failure
An alias is a dynamic reference to an object. The original may be moved to another place within the same filesystem, without breaking the link. The operating system stores several pieces of information about the original in the resource fork of the alias file. Examples of the information used to locate the original are:
path
file ID (inode number)
directory ID (inode number)
name
file size
Since any of these properties can change without the computer's knowledge, as a result of user activity, various search algorithms are used to find the most plausible target. This fault-tolerance sets the alias apart from similar functions in some other operating systems, such as the Unix symbolic link or the Microsoft Windows shortcut, at the expense of increased complexity and unpredictability. For example, an application can be moved from one directory to another within the same filesystem, but an existing alias would still launch the same application when double-clicked.
The question can arise of how an alias should work if a file is moved, and then a file is created with the same name as the original moved file, since the alias can be used to locate both the original name and the new location of the original file. With symbolic links the reference is unambiguous (soft links refer to the new file, hard links to the original). Before Mac OS X 10.2, however, such an ambiguous alias would consistently find the original moved file, rather than the recreated file. In Mac OS X 10.2 and later releases, the new file is found, matching the behaviour of symbolic links . macOS applications can programmatically use the old behavior if required.
Aliases are similar in operation to shadows in the graphical Workplace Shell of the OS/2 operating system.
Distinguishing marks
In System 7 through Mac OS 9, aliases distinguished themselves visually to the user by the fact that their file names were in italics. To accommodate languages that don't have italics (such as Japanese), in Mac OS 8.5 another distinguishing mark was added, badging with an "alias arrow"—a black arrow with a small white border—similar to that used for shortcuts in Microsoft Windows.
In macOS, the filenames of aliases are not italicized, but the arrow badge remains.
File structure
The alias files in macOS start by the magic number 62 6F 6F 6B 00 00 00 00 6D 61 72 6B 00 00 00 00 which is in ASCII book␀␀␀␀mark␀␀␀␀ (␀ representing the Null character).
Following the magic number, it has been reported that an alias has a set of records inside it, each record is 150 bytes long and consists of the fields shown below (all integers are big endian). However, alias files are far larger than this would explain, and include other information at least including icons.
4 bytes user type name/app creator code = long ASCII text string (none = 0)
2 bytes record size = short unsigned total length
2 bytes record version = short integer version (current version = 2)
2 bytes alias kind = short integer value (file = 0; directory = 1)
1 byte volume name string length = byte unsigned length
27 bytes volume name string (if volume name string < 27 chars then pad with zeros)
4 bytes volume created mac date = long unsigned value in seconds since beginning 1904 to 2040
2 bytes volume signature = short unsigned HFS value
2 bytes volume type = short integer macOS value (types are Fixed HD = 0; Network Disk = 1; 400kB FD = 2;800kB FD = 3; 1.4MB FD = 4; Other Ejectable Media = 5 )
4 bytes parent directory id = long unsigned HFS value
1 bytes file name string length = byte unsigned length
63 bytes file name string (if file name string < 63 chars then pad with zeros)
4 bytes file number = long unsigned HFS value
4 bytes file created mac date = long unsigned value in seconds since beginning 1904 to 2040
4 bytes file type name = long ASCII text string
4 bytes file creator name = long ASCII text string
2 bytes nlvl From (directories from alias thru to root) = short integer range
2 bytes nlvl To (directories from root thru to source) = short integer range (if alias on different volume then set above to -1)
4 bytes volume attributes = long hex flags
2 bytes volume file system id = short integer HFS value
10 bytes reserved = 80-bit value set to zero
4+ bytes optional extra data strings = short integer type + short unsigned string length (types are Extended Info End = -1; Directory Name = 0; Directory IDs = 1; Absolute Path = 2; AppleShare Zone Name = 3; AppleShare Server Name = 4; AppleShare User Name = 5; Driver Name = 6; Revised AppleShare info = 9; AppleRemoteAccess dialup info = 10)
string data = hex dump
odd lengths have a 1 byte odd string length pad = byte value set to zero
Alias record structure outside of size length
The following is for use with the Apple's Alias Resource Manager.
4 bytes resource type name = long ASCII text string
2 bytes resource ID = short integer value
2 bytes resource end pad = short value set to zero
Java code to flag an alias file
// This function checks whether a file matches the alias magic number.
public static boolean checkForMacAliasFile(File inputFile) throws FileNotFoundException, IOException {
// Only files can be aliases.
// Do not test directories; they will be false.
if (inputFile.isFile()) {
byte[] bookmark = new byte[] {
0x62, 0x6F, 0x6F, 0x6B, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x6D, 0x61, 0x72, 0x6B, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00
};
long length = inputFile.length();
if (length > 16) {
byte[] result = new byte[16];
FileInputStream fis = new FileInputStream(inputFile);
fis.read(result);
fis.close();
return Arrays.equals(result, bookmark);
}
}
return false;
}
There is a github repo with working C++ code here.
Managing aliases
User interface
In System 7, the only way to create an alias was to select the original and choose "Make Alias" from the "File" menu. An alias, with the same name and " alias" appended would then be created in the same folder. In later versions, it became possible to create aliases by drag-and-drop, while holding down the command and option modifier keys.
Mac OS 8.5 added a feature for re-connecting aliases that had been broken for one reason or another (when the simple search algorithms failed to find a reliable replacement). This was done by selecting a new target through the standard Open File dialog.
In Mac OS 8.5 options were added for command-option dragging an object in the Finder to create an alias at that location. This is where the alias cursor was added to the system. The cursor mirrors the appearance of the "create shortcut" cursor on Windows systems.
Programming API
The Alias Manager API is part of Carbon. It is unknown whether it was present in macOS Classic.
Mac OS X 10.6 introduced some alias-related APIs to Cocoa, as a part of .
Relation to BSD symbolic and hard links
Unix and similar operating systems provide 2 features very similar to macOS aliases: symbolic links and hard links.
When using the macOS Finder, links are displayed and treated largely like macOS aliases, and even carry an identical "Kind" attribute.
However, when using the shell command line, macOS aliases are not recognized: for example, you cannot use the cd command with the name of an alias file. This is because an alias is implemented as a file on the disk that must be interpreted by an API while links are implemented within the filesystem and are thus functional at any level of the OS.
There is currently no pre-installed command to resolve an alias to the path of the file or directory it refers to. However, a freely available C program makes use of the Mac Carbon APIs to perform this task. Given that, commands such as cd can be set up to check for aliases and treat them just like symbolic or hard links.
References
External links
System 7 aliases — Article about System 7 aliases, from 1992
Macintosh operating systems
Apple Inc. file systems
This is a list of notable Serbian painters.
A
Nikola Aleksić (1808–1873)
Dimitrije Avramović (1815–1855)
Ljubomir Aleksandrović (1828–1890)
Stevan Aleksić (1876–1923)
Dragomir Arambašić (1881–1945)
Stojan Aralica (1883–1980)
Đorđe Andrejević Kun (1904–1964)
Mika Antić (1932–1986)
Dragoslav Pavle Aksentijević (born 1942)
Marina Abramović (born 1946)
Nataša Atanasković (born 1972)
Emanuil Antonovich (1785–1829)
B
Nikola Božidarević (1460–1517)
Dimitrije Bačević (1735–1770)
Georgije Bakalović (1786–1843)
Anastas Bocarić (1864–1944)
Špiro Bocarić (1876–1941)
Jovan Bijelić (c.1884–1964)
Ilija Bašičević (1895–1972)
Oto Bihalji-Merin (1904–1993)
Dimitrije Bratoglic (1765–1831)
Janko Brašić (1906–1994)
Miloš Bajić (1915–1995)
Radivoj Berbakov (1925–2003)
Kossa Bokchan (1925–2009)
Ivana Bašić (born 1986)
Andrej Bicenko (1886–1985)
C
Gala Čaki (born 1987)
Teodor Ilić Češljar (1746–1793)
Petar Čortanović (1800–1868)
Pavle Čortanović (1830–1903)
Natalija Cvetković (1888–1928)
Marko Čelebonović (1902–1986)
Zuzana Chalupová (1925–2001)
Mihailo Čanak (1932–2014)
D
Lovro Dobričević (1420–1478)
Kozma Damjanović (c. 1650–after 1704)
Grigorije Davidović-Obšić (18th century)
Pavel Đurković (1772–1830)
Konstantin Danil (1798–1873)
Dragutin Inkiostri Medenjak (1866–1942)
Petar Dobrović (1890–1942)
Radomir Damnjanović Damnjan (born 1935)
Dragana Đorđević (born 1960)
Uroš Đurić (born 1964)
Frano Menegello Dinčić (1900-1986)
F
Emerik Feješ (1904–1969)
Ilija Fonlamov Francisković (born 1996)
G
Stefan Gavrilović (c. 1750–1823)
Teodor Stefanov Gologlavac (18th century)
Mališa Glišić (1886–1916)
Miloš Golubović (1888–1961)
Nedeljko Gvozdenović (1902–1988)
Aleksa Gajić (born 1974)
H
Janko Halkozović (18th century)
Kosta Hakman (1889–1961)
Mihajlo Hamzić (1482–1518)
I
Jovan Isailović (c. 1756–1825)
Jovan Isailović, Jr. (1803–1885)
Katarina Ivanović (1817–1882)
Ljubomir Ivanović (1882–1945)
Olja Ivanjicki (1931–2009)
J
Amvrosije Janković (18th century)
Đura Jakšić (1832–1878)
Živko Jugović (1855–1908)
Paja Jovanović (1859–1957)
Đorđe Jovanović (1861–1953)
Svetislav Jovanović (1861–1933)
Danica Jovanović (1886–1914)
Kosta Josipović (1887–1919)
Mladen Josić (1897–1972)
Ljubinka Jovanović (1922–2015)
K
Kyr Kozma (c. 1560–c. 1640)
Sava Krabulević (c. 1650–after 1706)
Teodor Kračun (1730–1781)
Uroš Knežević (1811–1876)
Mina Karadžić (1828–1894)
Đorđe Krstić (1851–1907)
Leon Koen (1859–1934)
Kiril Kutlik (1869–1900)
Stepan Kolesnikoff (1879–1955)
Milan Konjović (1898–1993)
Ferenc Kalmar (1928–2013)
Momo Kapor (1937–2010)
Stevan Knežević (1940–1995)
Dragoš Kalajić (1943–2005)
Vladimir Krstić (born 1959)
Ivan Kovalčik Mileševac (born 1968)
L
Zograf Longin (16th century)
Stefan Likić (c. 1680–c. 1750)
Simeon Lazović (c. 1745–1817)
Aleksije Lazović (1774–1837))
Andjelija Lazarević (1885–1926)
Lazar Licenoski (1901–1964)
Vladislav Lalicki (1935–2008)
Lazar Licenoski (1901–1964)
M
Georgije Mitrofanović (c.1550–c.1630)
Ostoja Mrkojević (1630–1699)
Joakim Marković (1685–1757)
Petar Nikolajević Moler (1775–1816)
Janja Moler (real name: Jovan Stergević, 1780–1841)
Janko Mihailović Moler (1792–1853)
Aksentije Marodić (1838–1909)
Marko Murat (1864–1944)
Dragutin Inkiostri Medenjak (1866–1942)
Rafailo Momčilović (1875–1941)
Milan Milovanović (1876–1946)
Kosta Miličević (1877–1920)
Mihailo Milovanović (1879–1941)
Ana Marinković (1881–1972)
Todor Manojlović (1883–1968)
Milan Minić (1889–1961)
Ljubomir Micić (1895–1971)
Predrag Milosavljević (1908–1989)
Svetislav Mandić (1921–2005)
Milorad Bata Mihailović (1923–2011)
Milić od Mačve (1934–2000)
Dobrosav Milojevic (born 1948)
Milovan Destil Marković (born 1957)
Petar Meseldžija (born 1965)
Mihael Milunović (born 1967)
N
Nikola Nešković (1740–1789)
Hadži Ruvim Nedeljković (1752–1804)
Petar Nikolajević Moler (1775–1816)
Živorad Nastasijević (1893–1966)
O
Zaharije Orfelin (1726–1785)
Vasa Ostojić (1730–1791)
Grigorije Davidović-Obšić (c. 1745–after 1800)
Jakov Orfelin (c. 1750–1803)
Petar Omčikus (1926–2019)
Dušan Otašević (born 1940)
P
Jovan Pačić (1771–1849)
Jeftimije Popović (1792–1876)
Jovan Popović (1810–1864)
Pavel Petrović (1818–1887)
Živko Pavlović (19th century)
Uroš Predić (1857–1953)
Petar Popović (1873–1945)
Nadežda Petrović (1873–1915)
Dragoljub Pavlović (1875–1956)
Branko Popović (1882–1944)
Pero Popović (1882–1931)
Petar Palaviccini (1887–1958)
Miodrag Petrović (1888–1950)
Sava Petrovic (painter) (1788-1857)
Pavel Petrović (1818–1887)
Vasa Pomorišac (1893–1961)
Zora Petrović (1894–1962)
Branko Ve Poljanski (1898–1947)
Mihajlo Petrov (1902–1983)
Milena Pavlović-Barili (1909–1945)
Miodrag B. Protić (1922–2014)
Mića Popović (1923–1996)
Ljubomir Popović (1934–2016)
Đorđe Prudnikov (1939–2017)
Neša Paripović (born 1942)
Slobodan Pejić (1944–2006)
Relja Penezic (born 1950)
Slobodan Peladic (born 1962)
R
Radoslav (15th century)
Andrija Raičević (c. 1610–1673)
Zograf Radul (c. 1630–c. 1690)
Vasilije Romanovich (c. 1700–1773)
Novak Radonić (1826–1890)
Simeon Roksandić (1874–1943)
Toma Rosandić (1878–1958)
Branko Radulović (1881–1916)
Ivan Radović (1894–1973)
Božidar Rašica (1912–1992)
Radomir Reljić (1938–2006)
Savo Radulović (1911–1991)
S
Monk Simeon (fl. 1196–1202)
Giorgio Schiavone (1433–1504)
Lazar Serdanović (1744–1799)
Jovan Stergević (1780–1841)
Pavle Simić (1818–1876)
Adam Stefanović (1832–1887)
Iva Despić-Simonović (1891–1961)
Veljko Stanojević (1892–1967)
Sava Šumanović (1896–1942)
Živko Stojsavljević (1900–1978)
Ljubica Sokić (1914–2009)
Sava Stojkov (1925–2014)
Mladen Srbinović (1925–2009)
Radomir Stević Ras (1931–1982)
Slobodan Škerović (born 1954)
Gradimir Smudja (born 1956)
Jovanka Stanojević (born 1979)
T
Pahomije Tenecki (17th century)
Georgije Tenecki (18th century)
Stefan Tenecki (1720–1798)
Arsenije Teodorović (1767–1826)
Stevan Todorović (1832–1925)
Vladislav Titelbah (1847–1925)
Ivan Tabaković (1898–1977)
Dragan Malešević Tapi (1949–2002)
Rade Tovladijac (born 1961)
U
Petar Ubavkić (1852–1910)
V
Jov Vasilijevich (1700–1760)
Paško Vučetić (1871–1925)
Beta Vukanović (1872–1972)
Rista Vukanović (1873–1918)
Ljubiša Valić (1873–1950)
Vukosava Velimirović (1888–1965)
Miloš Vušković (1900–1975)
Draginja Vlasic (1928–2011)
Vladimir Veličković (1935–2019)
Vuk Vidor (born 1965)
Z
Zograf Longin (16th century)
Hristofor Žefarović (c. 1690–1753)
Jovan Zonjić (1907–1961)
Dušan Zivlak (born 1950)
See also
Serbian art
List of Serbs
List of Serbian architects
References
Serbian painters
Painters
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1935 season.
Overview
It was contested by 8 teams, and RFK won the championship.
League standings
References
RSSSF
Latvian Higher League seasons
1
Latvia
Latvia
The 33rd New York Infantry Regiment, the "Wimbledon Volunteers", was an infantry regiment of the Union Army during the American Civil War. It was mustered in service for the union for two years from 22 May, 1861 to 3 July, 1863.
Service
This regiment was accepted by the State of New York on May 22, 1861, organized at Elmira, New York, and mustered into United States service for two years. The regiment was known as the "Wimbledon Volunteers", and this is likely to have originated from the fact that two of its commanders, Robert F Taylor and Oscar H WIlliams, frequented the Wimbledon Tavern in Buffalo, New York, prior to the Civil War. When the Regiment's two years were up, the "three years' men" were transferred to the 49th New York Volunteer Infantry, and the Regiment mustered out on June 2, 1863, at Geneva, New York. When the regiment was initially formed it had 689 volunteers, 30 officers and 89 NCOs.
Companies were recruited at:
Seneca Falls, New York (A & K)
Palmyra, New York (B)
Waterloo, New York (C)
Canandaigua, New York (D)
Geneseo, New York (E)
Nunda, New York (F)
Buffalo, New York (G)
Geneva, New York (H)
Penn Yan, New York (I) Frederick Phisterer, New York, in the War of the Rebellion, 1861-1865, Albany, New York
The regiment moved to Washington. D.C. in early 1862 where it became part of the Army of the Potomac under General George McClellan. Colonel Robert Taylor was its commanding officer during its two years of service. McClellan took the army from Washington to the Peninsula of Virginia in an attempt to capture the confederate capital of Richmond. During this campaign, the regiment fought the "Seven Days Battles" including Gaines Mills and Malvern Hill during its land retreat back to Washington DC. At this time McClellan was removed from command of the army by President Lincoln. The regiment missed the second Battle of Bull Run or Manassas. At this time, September, 1862, General Robert E. Lee invaded Maryland with his Army of Northern Virginia. McClellan was placed back in command of the army and they caught up with Lee at Antietam Creek in Western Maryland. The Battle of South Mountain occurred two days before the larger battle of
Antietam which took place on September 17, 1862. Antietam, also knows in the
South as the Battle of Sharpsburg, was the bloodiest one-day battle ever fought in American history. The 33rd New York fought the battle as part of Franklin's VI Corps. They engaged in battle in the early afternoon and charged from the East Woods to the Dunker Church. The NCOs of this regiment were Sergeant Major F Hume, Corporal N Lindsey and Corporal T Jevtic.
Total strength and casualties
The Regiment sustained 30 men killed in action, 17 wounded in action, and 105 due to disease and other causes.
Commanders
Colonel Robert F. Taylor
1st Lt O.Williams
See also
List of New York Civil War regiments
References
External links
New York State Military Museum Unit History Project 33rd Infantry Regiment Civil War Ontario Regiment
The 33rd New York Infantry
"The Bloody Double-Threes", "Taylor's Fighting Devils", 33d New York Volunteers, Army of the Potomac, "Firm for the Union"
Infantry 033
1861 establishments in New York (state)
Military units and formations established in 1861
Military units and formations disestablished in 1863
Messenian Oinousses ( Messiniakés Inoússes) is a Greek island complex in the southwest coasts of Peloponnese, in Ionian Sea. It is located in the south of Messenian peninsula, opposite Methoni and Foinikounda. The complex comprises from the islands Schiza and Sapientza and the islets and rocks Venetiko, Agia Mariani, Avgo, Dyo Aderfia and Boba. The largest island is Schiza, whereas the only populated is Sapientza. In the southwest of Oinousses is the deepest point of Mediterranean Sea, the Calypso Deep, known in Greek as Oinousses Trench. Oinousses has been included in the environmental program Natura 2000. The islands belong to Pylos-Nestor municipality.
Main islands
See also
Calypso Deep
References
Archipelagoes of Greece
Landforms of Messenia
Ionian Islands
James H. King (born February 9, 1943) is a retired American basketball player who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics. He was born in Akron, Ohio.
A forward, he was part of the American basketball team which won the gold medal. He played in all eight games.
Notes
External links
1943 births
Living people
Amateur Athletic Union men's basketball players
American men's basketball players
Basketball players at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Detroit Pistons draft picks
Medalists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Oklahoma State Cowboys basketball players
Olympic gold medalists for the United States in basketball
United States men's national basketball team players
Forwards (basketball)
Filippo Fiumanò (born 23 February 2003) is an Italian footballer who plays as defender for club Montevarchi on loan from Juventus.
Career
On 9 October 2021, Fiumanò made his unofficial debut for Juventus in a 2–1 win against Alessandria coming on as Arthur's substitute in the 65th minute. His first call up ever with the Juventus U23 — the reserve team of Juventus — came on 7 November for a match against Lecco. Fiumanò's debut for the Juventus U23 came on 1 December in a 2–0 defeat against Padova coming on as substitute in the 86th minute.
On 31 August 2022, Fiumanò was loaned by Montevarchi in Serie C.
Career statistics
Club
References
2003 births
Footballers from Milan
Living people
Italian footballers
Association football defenders
Juventus F.C. players
Juventus Next Gen players
Montevarchi Calcio Aquila 1902 players
Serie C players
The Anatolia College in Merzifon or American College of Mersovan () was a 4-year college, high school, theological seminary, orphanage and hospital located in the town of Merzifon in the Sivas Vilayet of the Ottoman Empire (in modern-day Amasya Province, Turkey). Classes were offered to both male and female students. Established by American missionaries, the college existed from 1886 to 1924. The college was essentially destroyed by the Armenian genocide in 1915. Closed until 1919, it was subsequently relocated to Thessaloniki, Greece, and still operates as Anatolia College.
Theological seminary
The American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions established the school in 1864 as a theological seminary after the American college in Bebek, İstanbul, the later Robert College, abandoned its theological training and concentrated in only general education due to growing number of young people interested in English language. The school in Merzifon served in the beginning to educate the children of the Greek and Armenian community in Anatolia, who wanted to become pastors or preachers.
College
In 1886, as more and more young people wanted a general education, the program at the theological seminary in Merzifon was expanded to include a four-year liberal arts college. The institution was named Anatolia College, and Charles Tracy became the first president, serving until 1912. By 1911 six languages were regularly taught and used in the college, and that year 282 students attended from 16 provinces of Turkey, as well as Greece, Crete, Cyprus, Egypt, and Russia. The faculty, in which Americans formed a minority, exercised substantial direction over the academic program. The college's motto was "The Morning Cometh" referring to the ancient Greek word for dawn, as well as the region "Anatolia". The college seal showed the sun rising over lofty Akdağ at the eastern end of the Merzifon Plain. Students, principally Greek and Armenian, came most from outside of Merzifon and boarded at the school. The faculty was Greek, Armenian, and American. The half-German J. J. Manissadijan was Professor of Botany and also founded a college museum. During 1911 - 15 multiple new buildings were added, including North College in 1912; the Alumni Library-Museum in 1914; and the Kennedy Home and Superintendent's House in 1915. A deep well and water system, including a Turkish bath used by hundreds every week, and a large flour mill and granaries, along with residential units, were also in place by 1915. Foundations were built for the Union Hall and George Hills White Hall, but never finished. The library grew to include 10,000 books and 40 periodicals.
During 1913–14, the faculty listed 32 names, including 11 Armenians, 10 Americans, 9 Greeks, 1 Russian, and 1 Swiss. That year there were 425 students, of whom 300 were boarders, including 200 Greeks, 160 Armenians, 40 Russians, and 25 Turks. The evolving curriculum, originally intended to prepare graduates for further instruction, preferably at the Marsovan Seminary, was progressively redesigned to meet student demand for occupational training, emphasizing three areas: languages, the major arts and sciences taught in American colleges, and subjects relating to business and public administration as practiced in Turkey. The Anatolia Girls School evolved as a self-contained institution with its own premises covering over four-and-a-half acres on the southern section of the mission compound, including classrooms, dormitory, gymnasium, teachers' quarters, athletic courts, and surrounding gardens. The Girls School aspired to develop self-respect and strong character among its charges, while providing education formerly restricted to males. Over half the students came from Marsovan as day students, accounting for the high proportion of Armenians to Greeks.
When Armenian activists posted broadsides in 1893, Ottoman troops jailed many Armenians and damaged some college buildings; accusing Armenian students and teachers of being in contact with the rebels. The damage was rebuilt later with compensation paid by the Ottoman Government.
In 1915 the Armenian genocide came to Merzifon. That spring and summer, initially rights were restricted, then property was seized, and then hundreds of Armenians and Christians were seized and removed from the town. On August 10, 1915, forces of the Turkish Ottoman Empire broke into the Anatolia College campus and seized Armenian Christian faculty and students. Many were murdered on the spot; the others were marched off for "deportation" (in fact a death march). Those "deported" were never heard from again. This atrocity became known to the west when George White, President of the college at the time, returned to the United States and described the scene, resulting in The New York Times article "Armenians Killed with Axes by Turks—Members of the Faculty at Anatolia College Among More than 1200 Slain at Marsovan." In the wake of the Armenian genocide the college took in and cared for hundreds of orphaned children of murdered Armenian parents.
The college was for the most part closed until after World War I. After the end of the WWI, the facilities of the college at the campus consisted of a kindergarten, a school for the Deaf, a college-level program, one of the largest hospitals in Asia Minor, and an orphanage for 2,000 orphans in addition to the theological seminary and high schools for boys and girls, all housed in more than 40 buildings of New England style. The activities of the American missionaries came de facto to an end with the collapse of the Ottoman Empire in 1918.
In 1921 the Turkish nationalists under Mustafa Kemal hanged in Amaseia three teachers and several students of the college. The latter were charged with plotting armed rebellion.
Relocation to Greece
After the Greco-Turkish War (1919–1922) and subsequent population exchange between Greece and Turkey, the college was closed in Merzifon to be reopened in Thessaloniki, Greece in 1924, as Anatolia College.
The college museum closed in 1939 and 130 of Manissadjian's plants from his collection, went sent to the Herbarium of Ankara University, Faculty of Science.
Books about the college
George E. White, an American missionary who was a teacher from 1890 and president from 1913 until 1921 at the school in Merzifon, wrote his memories in a book Adventuring With Anatolia College, published in 1940.
Bertha B. Morley, an American music teacher at Anatolia College in 1913–1915, wrote "Marsovan 1915: The Diaries of Bertha Morley," consisting of her 1915 diary entries at the college. She describes the destruction of the Marsovan Armenian community; the arrest of Armenian intellectuals; and the methodical deportations and eventual destruction of deportees. Morley narrates how Armenian property was plundered by Ottoman local and central officials and how Armenian women and children were forced to convert and be absorbed into Muslim households. She also testifies to the efforts of Ottoman authorities to conceal their criminal activities.
In 2015, Wiliam McGrew, the college's ninth president (1974-1999), published an extensive historical account of the institution in Turkey and Greece under the title Educating across Cultures: Anatolia College in Turkey and Greece (Rowman & Littelfield, Lanham, Boulder, New York, London).
See also
Anatolia College
List of missionary schools in Turkey
List of high schools in Turkey
Education in the Ottoman Empire
References
Bir Amerikan Misyonerinin Merzifon Amerikan Koleji Hatiralari (Memories of an American Missionary at the Merzifon American College), George E. White, Translated by Cem Tarık Yüksel, Enderun Kitapevi, İstanbul-1995.
Adventuring With Anatolia College, George E. White, Herald-Register Publishing Company, Grinnell, Iowa, March 1940
https://genocideeducation.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/Armenians-Killed-with-Axes-by-Kurds-NYT-Current-History-Nov-1917.pdf
"A Mummy from Konya? Anatolia College's Forgotten Museum," Sağlık ve Eğitim Vakfi-Buluşma Dergisi, Temmuz (July) 2010, pp. 18–21: https://www.sev.org.tr/dergi/bulusma_temmuz_2010/HTML/
References
External links
Ciao Net (Columbia International Affairs Online) Some Remarks on Alevi Responses to the Missionaries in Eastern Anatolia (19th-20th cc.) by Hans-Lukas Kieser, University of Basel, Switzerland
Adventuring With Anatolia College by Dr. George E. White (HTML) posted by George Baloglou, State University of New York, College at Oswego
Brief History of The American College of Thessaloniki
Ottoman Official Attitudes Towards American Missionaries by Cagri Erhan, Department of International Relations, Ankara University, Ankara, Turkey (research.yale.edu - YCIAS Working Papers Database)
Website of Anatolia College
https://genocideeducation.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/Armenians-Killed-with-Axes-by-Kurds-NYT-Current-History-Nov-1917.pdf
Defunct schools in Turkey
Educational institutions established in 1886
Amasya Province
1886 establishments in the Ottoman Empire
Merzifon District
Armenian genocide
Greek genocide
The rufous-fronted babbler (Cyanoderma rufifrons) is a babbler species in the Old World babbler family. It occurs from the Eastern Himalayan foothills to Southeast Asia at altitudes of .
It is buff-brown with paler brown underparts and a dull rufous crown. Its upper wings, tail, supercilium and lores are whitish-grey. It is long and weighs . Its song is a high-pitched tuh tuh-tuh-tuh-tuh-tuh.
Stachyris rufifrons was the scientific name proposed by Allan Octavian Hume in 1873 who described a small babbler from the Pegu Range in Myanmar that was pale brown, had a rufous-coloured head and white lores.
Stachyrhidopsis rufifrons ambigua was proposed as a subspecies by Herbert Hasting Harington in 1914 for a rufous-fronted babbler with yellow lores, probably occurring in Sikkim, Bhutan Dooars and northeast India.
The rufous-fronted babbler was later placed in the genus Stachyridopsis.
Stachyris rodolphei was proposed by Herbert Girton Deignan in 1939 for three babbler specimens collected at Doi Chiang Dao in Thailand. It is considered synonymous with the rufous-fronted babbler.
References
External links
rufous-fronted babbler
Birds of Eastern Himalaya
Birds of East India
Birds of Southeast Asia
Birds of Yunnan
rufous-fronted babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Kaladzhukh (; ) is a rural locality (a selo) in Dokuzparinsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 1,758 as of 2010. There are 6 streets.
Geography
Kaladzhukh is located 9 km south of Usukhchay (the district's administrative centre) by road. Mikrakh and Kiler are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Lezgins live there.
References
Rural localities in Dokuzparinsky District
Wassenach is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Ahrweiler (district)
American Dresser is a 2018 American adventure drama film written and directed by Carmine Cangialosi and starring Tom Berenger, Keith David, Gina Gershon, Penelope Ann Miller, Jeff Fahey and Bruce Dern.
Cast
Tom Berenger as John Moore
Keith David as Charlie
Carmine Cangialosi as Willie
Gina Gershon as Sandra
Penelope Ann Miller as Vera
Bruce Dern as King
Jeff Fahey as Calhoun
Reception
The film has rating on Rotten Tomatoes.
References
External links
2018 films
American adventure drama films
2010s adventure drama films
2018 drama films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Mario Ramón Beteta Monsalve (7 July 1925 – 5 October 2004) was a Mexican economist who served as the last Secretary of Finance in the cabinet of President Luis Echeverría (1975–76), as director-general of Pemex (1982–87) and as governor of the State of México (1987–89).
Early life
Beteta was born in Mexico City into a family led by General Ignacio Beteta, a well-known artist and former chief of staff of President Lázaro Cárdenas and brother of Ramón Beteta, who also served as Secretary of Finance during the presidency of Miguel Alemán Valdés. He graduated from the National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM) with a bachelor's degree in Law (1948), completed a master's degree in economics at the University of Wisconsin (1950) and married Gloria Leal Kuri before working as a professor of Introductory Economics and Monetary Theory at the National School of Economics (UNAM, 1951–59).
He worked as director-general of Credit (1964–70) and then as Undersecretary of the Treasury (1970–75) at the Secretariat of Finance, and when the secretary, José López Portillo, resigned to run for president as candidate of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI), Beteta was appointed as substitute. During his tenure, he had to deal with the 1976 peso devaluation.
After leaving the federal cabinet, Beteta served as president of the extinct Somex Group (1977–82), as director-general of Pemex (1982–87), as governor of the State of México (1987–89) and as director-general of Comermex (1989–90). He died in Mexico City on 5 October 2004, victim of a chronic lung disease.
His nephew, Óscar Mario Beteta, is a popular radio host in Mexico City.
References
Mexican Secretaries of Finance
National Autonomous University of Mexico alumni
University of Wisconsin–Madison alumni
National Autonomous University of Mexico faculty
Mexican economists
1925 births
2004 deaths
Vogue Greece is the Greek edition of the fashion and lifestyle magazine Vogue. The magazine is published by Condé Nast International.
History
In March 2000, Vogue Hellas started publication in Greece by Lyberis Publications. In 2012, Lyberis went bankrupt and the magazine ceased publication.
On March 31, 2019 (with the first issue in April), Vogue Greece was brought back by Condé Nast International in partnership with Kathimerines Ekdoseis. The editor-in-chief of the magazine is Thaleia Karafyllidou.
References
Vogue (magazine)
2000 establishments in Greece
Magazines established in 2000
Magazines published in Greece
Magazines established in 2019
Magazines disestablished in 2012
Greek-language magazines
Condé Nast magazines
Ukraine national cerebral palsy football team is the national cerebral football team for Ukraine that represents the team in international competitions. The country has appeared at the Paralympic Games in 2000, 2004, 2008 and 2012 where they have medaled each time. At the 2015 IFCPF World Championships, Ukraine finished second. This bettered the 2011 edition where they finished third.
Background
National Paralympic Committee of Ukraine manages the national team. During the 2000s, the team was one of the top four most dominant teams in the world alongside Brazil, Russia and Iran. In 2011 and 2012, the team was coached by Sergiy Ovcharenko. Ukraine was active internationally by 2016, and had national championships to support national team player development. National team development is supported by an International Federation of Cerebral Palsy Football (IFCPF) recognized national championship. Recognized years for the national IFCPF recognized competition include 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, and 2015.
In 2016, after getting an endorsement by the World AntiDoping Agency (WADA), the IFCPF Anti-Doping Code was formally amended to allow for out of competition testing. This was done through a WADA approved Whereabouts Programme managed through ADAMS. Drawing from players in a Registered Testing Pool, players from this country were included ahead of the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio.
Ranking
In 2016, the country was ranked 1st in the world by the IFCPF. In November 2014, the team was ranked number 2 in the world. In August 2013, the team was ranked number 2 in the world. In September 2012, the team was ranked number 2 in the world. In September 2011, the team was ranked number 1 in the world.
Players
There have been a number of players for the Ukrainian squad.
Results
Ukraine has participated in a number of international tournaments. Ukraine won the 2016 Pre-Paralympic Tournament in Salou, Spain after beating Brazil 0 - 2 in the final.
IFCPF World Championships
Ukraine has participated in the IFCPF World Championships. At the 2011 CP-ISRA World Championship in Drenthe, Ukraine beat Canada 5 - 0.
Paralympic Games
Ukraine has participated in 7-a-side football at the Paralympic Games.
Paralympic Results
References
National cerebral palsy football teams
Ukraine at the Paralympics
C
Football 7-a-side teams at the 2000 Summer Paralympics
Football 7-a-side teams at the 2004 Summer Paralympics
Football 7-a-side teams at the 2008 Summer Paralympics
Football 7-a-side teams at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Football 7-a-side teams at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
Gina Hackett Curry (born October 23, 1972) is an American politician who is currently representing the 164th district in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives since 2021. Prior to her election she served on the Upper Darby School Board. Curry holds a Bachelors and Masters degree from Saint Joseph's University.
External links
References
Living people
People from Delaware County, Pennsylvania
Pennsylvania Democrats
Members of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
African-American state legislators in Pennsylvania
21st-century American politicians
1972 births
21st-century African-American politicians
20th-century African-American people
Walter Frost (21 March 1873 – 1955) was an English footballer who played as a winger.
References
1873 births
1955 deaths
Sportspeople from Suffolk
English footballers
Association football wingers
Middlesbrough F.C. players
South Bank F.C. players
Grimsby Town F.C. players
English Football League players
Richard Norton (born 6 January 1950) is an Australian martial artist, stuntman and actor. After high school, Norton worked as a bodyguard in the entertainment business before pursuing an acting career. He has attained a 10th Degree in Zen Do Kai, Australia.
His first screen appearance was in the 1980 Chuck Norris film The Octagon, and he has worked on over 80 feature films and television programs. He appeared in a number of martial arts films, facing off against stars such as Jackie Chan, Sammo Hung, Yasuaki Kurata, Benny Urquidez, Don "The Dragon" Wilson and Cynthia Rothrock.
Career
Norton worked as a personal bodyguard for The Rolling Stones, Linda Ronstadt, James Taylor, David Bowie, ABBA, John Belushi, Fleetwood Mac and Stevie Nicks.
Norton has been on the cover (as well as featured in editorials) of martial arts magazines including Black Belt twice (published since 1987), Australasian Fighting Arts in 1983 (published 1974 to 1998), Blitz Magazine, Impact (published 1992 to 2010) with Cynthia Rothrock in 1993, and with Jackie Chan in 1997, Inside Kung Fu, MA Training (published 1988 to 2000), Martial Arts & Combat Sports (published 1999 to 2002), and Martial Arts & Combat Sports. In 2014 Norton was inducted into the Australasian Martial Arts Hall of Fame. He also is the Head Instructor of the Richard Norton Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu organisation.
Film
Norton is known for his appearances in Hong Kong action films.
Norton's Hong Kong credits include The Magic Crystal, Twinkle Twinkle Lucky Stars, City Hunter (a live-action remake of the manga), Millionaire's Express, and Mr. Nice Guy. A signature catchphrase of Norton's characters is "Painful?", usually asked after striking a decisive blow. The most comical example is in Twinkle, Twinkle Lucky Stars, where he faces Sammo Hung and in the movie Millionaire's Express against Yasuaki Kurata.
Over his career, Norton has faced off with many top martial arts action stars, including Jackie Chan (in three films, including City Hunter), Sammo Hung, Yasuaki Kurata, Benny "the Jet" Urquidez (in Kick Fighter), Don "The Dragon" Wilson (in CyberTracker), and Cynthia Rothrock (in China O'Brien and Lady Dragon).
Norton served as fight coordinator on the 2007 film The Condemned (starring "Stone Cold" Steve Austin and Vinnie Jones), doubling for Jones. He also starred in a contemporary drama, Under the Red Moon.
In August 2010, Norton appeared at Berlin Movie Con, a convention of martial arts where he was joined by ten other stars of Martial arts cinema in a two-day show. It was staged in the Universal Hall in Berlin, Germany. Among his fellow stars were Cynthia Rothrock, Don "The Dragon" Wilson and Conan Lee.
Filmography
ABBA: The Movie (1977) – as himself, bodyguard and fitness trainer (uncredited)
The Octagon (1980) – Kyo [was also stunt-man]
Force: Five (1981) – Ezekiel
Forced Vengeance (1982) – Herb [was also a stunt-man]
Gymkata (1985) – Zamir [was also a fight choreographer]
Twinkle, Twinkle Lucky Stars (1985) – Caucasian Assassin
American Ninja (1985) – MP (uncredited) [was also stunt-man]
Equalizer 2000 (1986) – Slade
Future Hunters (1986) – Matthew
Millionaire's Express – (1986) – Bandit
Magic Crystal (1987) – Karov
Return of the Kickfighter (1987) – Brad Cooper
The Fighter (1987) – Ryan Travers
Fight to Win (1987) – Armstrong
Not Another Mistake (1987) – Richard Straker
Jungle Assassin (1988)
Hawkeye (1988)
Licence to Kill (1989) {007 film, no. 16}
The Sword of Bushido (1989) – Zac Connors
Hyper Space (1989) – Thomas Stanton
The Blood of Heroes (1989) – Bone [also stunt-man]
Blood Street (1990)
China O'Brien (1988) – Matt Conroy
China O'Brien II (1990) – Matt Conroy
Raiders of the Sun (1992) – Brodie
Rage and Honor (1992) – Preston Michaels
Lady Dragon (1992) – Ludwig Hauptman
Ironheart (1992) – Milverstead
City Hunter (1993) – MacDonald
Rage and Honor II (1993) – Preston Michaels
Walker, Texas Ranger (1993) – various roles, incl.; Frank Scanlon, Jonas Graves, Drug Dealer # 3, Mercenary # 1 [martial arts coordinator, in at least three episodes]
Deathfight (1994) – Jack Dameron
Direct Hit (1994) – Rogers
CyberTracker (1994) – Ross
The Supreme Warrior (1995) – Earth Warlord
Tough and Deadly (1995) – Agent Norton
Under the Gun (1995) – Frank Torrence
For Life or Death (1996)
Soul of the Avenger (1997) – Sir Xavier
Strategic Command (1997) – Carlos Gruber
The New Adventures of Robin Hood (TV Series) (1997/ 1998) – episodes; 'The Legion' ('97), Rossamar – 'Outlaw Express' ('97), Outlaw Trueco and 'Assault on Castle Dundeen' ('98), Lord Chilton [also the stunt coordinator]
Mr. Nice Guy (1997) – Giancarlo Luchetti
Tex Murphy: Overseer (1998) – Big Jim Slade
Black Thunder (1998) – Rather
Nautilus (2000) – John Harris
The Rage Within (2001) – Keller
Amazons and Gladiators (2001) – Lucius [also stunt coordinator and Second Unit Director]
Redemption (2002) – Tom 'Snake' Sasso
Dream Warrior (2003) – Archer [also Second Unit Director]
Mind Games (2003) – Carter Tallerin
Road House 2 (2006) – Victor Cross
Under a Red Moon (2008) – Jonathan Dunn
Man of Blood (2008) – Lee Francis
Dead in Love (2009) – Danny's Dad
Tesla Effect: A Tex Murphy Adventure (2014)
Mad Max: Fury Road (2015) – The Prime Imperator [also the fight coordinator/ stunt performer]
Suicide Squad (2016) – fight coordinator
The Suicide Squad (2021) – fight coordinator
Rage (2021) – Detective John Bennett
Television
Spartacus: War of the Damned (2013) – legendary gladiator Hilarus and 'personal trainer' of sorts, to Crassus. (Episode: Enemies of Rome)
Martial arts experience
Norton has trained in many aspects of martial arts, including Judo, Karate, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Aikido, Thai boxing and several Japanese weapons systems. He used this experience to co-create the hybrid martial art Zen Do Kai with fellow security guard Bob Jones. He has a 5th-Degree Shihan rank Black Belt in Goju Ryu, 8th-Degree Masters rank in Chun Kuk Do (Chuck Norris system), 5th-Degree Black belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and a 10th-degree Black Belt in Zen Do Kai Karate, an organisation of over 5,000 members. He has trained with Tino Ceberano, Tadashi Yamashita, Fumio Demura, Bill 'Superfoot' Wallace, Pete "Sugar Foot" Cunningham, Jean-Jacques Machado and Chuck Norris.
Norton holds seminars covering such topics as street defence, martial arts weapons drills, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and mixed martial arts. In September 2007, Norton released a two-disc DVD set on Black Belt Digital Video called Black Belt training Complexes. The DVDs show Norton executing fast and accurate examples of his skill, and some additional seminar footage is also included. They focus on the development of speed, power and continuity of movement, with explanations of the principles.
Norton became the fight coordinator on Walker, Texas Ranger in 1993. He was a minor (sometimes uncredited) character in several episodes (at least eight), and had a starring role as villainous businessman Frank Scanlon in The Avenging Angel; he was in the two-part finale The Final Show/Down'' as Jonas Graves, part of Emile Lavocat (Marshall R. Teague)'s criminal gang (he also appears in the "flashback" scenes illustrating the end of the Hayes Cooper legend, as part of Mills "Moon" Lavocat (also Marshall R. Teague)'s desperado gang).
Fighting Stars Magazine ranked Norton's climactic fight with Chuck Norris in The Octagon (1980) as #13 on its list of the 25 greatest fight scenes of all time.
References
External links
of Richard Norton's Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Australian male film actors
Australian male television actors
1950 births
Living people
Australian male karateka
Kyaw Htet Aung (; born 14 September 1985) is a Burmese television host, MC, actor and model. He is best known for hosting in the televised singing competition show Myanmar Idol, which propelled him to fame in Myanmar.
Early life and education
Kyaw Htet Aung was born on 14 September 1985 in Yangon, Myanmar to parent Win Lwin and Myint Myint Oo. He graduated from East Yangon University. He studied acting at Talents & Models Agency in 2000.
Career
MC and host
Kyaw began his career as a presenter in 2007. He is the second generation of the young TV presenters and worked as a host for Family Entertainment from 2010 to 2014. After that, he started as a freelance model and MC. He has been a TV host for many talk show programs and received acceptance of audience for famous reality show Myanmar Idol. He served as the TV host for Myanmar Motion Picture Academy Awards Ceremony in 2016 and 2017 and also hosted the Miss Universe Myanmar 2018.
Acting career
Kyaw entered the entertainment industry, he has been practicing dance choreography on a regular basis. He is set to star in a short film project, sponsored by Myanmar Brewery. As he would play the role of a dancer for the first time, he is now practicing dance moves with the Secret Pieces Dance Crew. Rising to fame in 2016, he became a professional actor. He made his acting debut with a supporting role in 2016 big screen film Kyat Gu (Coffin Cave), directed by Lu Min, which screened in Myanmar cinemas in 2018. Soon after, he signed under Aung Khit Minn Film Production.
Later, he took on his first big-screen lead role in the drama film Thu Nge, alongside Yan Aung, Ye Aung, Min Oo, Soe Myat Thuzar, Htun Eaindra Bo, Khine Thin Kyi and Mari Ko, directed by Arr Yone Oo Pwint Thingi Zaw, and which screened in Myanmar cinemas on 23 June 2017. The same year, he portrayed his role as Nyein Chan in his 2nd big-screen film Nay Chi Mhar Shwe Yi Laung, where he played the leading role with Aye Myat Thu and Nan Myat Phyo Than, directed by Zaw Myint Oo, and which screened in Myanmar cinemas on 15 September 2017. The film was nominated "Best Actor" for Kyaw Htet Aung at the Myanmar Academy Awards 2017.
In 2018, Kyaw portrayed the military doctor in the military figures series Sit Ko Mone Ywae Tite Khae Ti, was base on the true story and which aired on Myawaddy Channel on 25 March 2018. In the same year, he starred the leading role in big-screen film Za Yike, alongside Lu Min, Khine Thin Kyi and Htun Eaindra Bo, which screened in Myanmar cinemas on 30 May 2019. He then starred in the big-screen film Carbon Dioxide, alongside A Linn Yaung, Phway Phway and Yadabar Bo, directed by Wyne, which screened in Myanmar cinemas on 27 July 2018.
He also starred in the big-screen film Chu Si, where he played the leading role with Melody, Ei Chaw Po, Aye Myat Thu, May and Nan Su Oo, which premiered in Myanmar cinemas on 14 September 2018. He was cast in the big-screen film The Masks on 6 May 2018.
Brand ambassadorships
Kyaw Htet Aung was appointed as brand ambassador for Red Bull and Nescafé in 2017 and also brand ambassador of Nutrivita in 2018.
Filmography
Film (cinema)
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Kyaw Htet Aung on Website
1985 births
Living people
Burmese male film actors
21st-century Burmese male actors
Masters of ceremonies
Burmese television presenters
Burmese male models
People from Yangon
Gekhanist may refer to:
Geghanist (disambiguation), several places in Armenia
Geghadir, Shirak, Armenia
The A42 is a major trunk road in the East Midlands region of the United Kingdom. It links junction 23A of the M1 motorway to junction 11 of the M42 motorway. The A42 is in effect a continuation of the M42, and its junctions are numbered accordingly.
It is built to a similar standard to the M42, being a grade separated dual carriageway. The Measham and Ashby-de-la-Zouch bypass section was opened in August 1989 at a cost of £33m.
Junctions
Bridging link
The A42 was built by the UK Government in 1989 to link the northern section of the M42 to the M1. Although it is not designated as motorway, and has no hard shoulder, the road is fully grade separated and runs with two lanes each way, the same as the M42 to the south.
The original planned line of the M42 saw it joining the M1 further to the north, crossing what is now the A50 Derby Southern Bypass and meeting the M1 north of Bardills Island (A52/M1 interchange).
Service stations
Donington Park services
History of the road number
The current road is the second incarnation of the A42. The original (1923) route was Reading to Birmingham via Oxford. The whole road was renumbered in 1935 - the section from Reading to Shillingford became part of the A329, Shillingford to Oxford became part of the A423 and Oxford to Birmingham became part of the A34. In 1993 the A423 was itself renumbered, with the section formerly the A42 becoming part of the A4074 from Reading to Oxford. The modern M42 does interchange with the former A42 at junction 4 near Solihull: Stratford Road now being numbered A34 to the north of the junction and A3400 to the south.
See also
Anomalously numbered roads in Great Britain.
References
External links
SABRE Roaders Digest - A42
Road to Nowhere: A42
Sky Vault website
BBC news article on Sky Vault
Roads in England
Transport in Leicestershire
Lewis Kinsella (born 2 September 1994) is an English professional footballer who plays as a left back for club Wealdstone.
Kinsella came up through Arsenal's youth academy, where he spent eight years, before moving to Aston Villa's academy in 2011. He made his professional debut on loan at Luton Town in 2015, making three appearances. Kinsella made 13 appearances on loan at Kidderminster Harriers in 2016, before being released in the summer of that year. He joined Colchester United in July 2016 and went on loan to Aldershot Town in January 2018. He made a permanent move to Aldershot at the end of January 2018 before leaving the club four years later, in which he collated just shy of 150 appearances.
Career
Aston Villa
Born in Watford, Hertfordshire, Kinsella spent eight years in the Arsenal's youth academy, representing the club from under-8 to under-16 levels, before being released and joined Aston Villa's academy in 2011. During his first season with the club, Kinsella played in all but one of the club's matches in the 2011–12 NextGen Series. Despite missing the group games of the competition during the 2012–13 NextGen Series, he later returned to help the club win the competition.
Kinsella was called up to first-team training by manager Tim Sherwood in March 2015 following injuries to regular left backs Aly Cissokho and Kieran Richardson. He was named in the matchday squad for the first time on 7 March 2015 for Villa's FA Cup quarter-final tie against West Bromwich Albion, though he remained an unused substitute in a 2–0 victory. On 26 March 2015, Kinsella joined League Two club Luton Town on loan until the end of 2014–15. He made his professional debut two days later, playing the full 90 minutes of a 2–1 defeat away to Northampton Town. He completed the loan spell with three appearances. Following his return to parent club Aston Villa, Kinsella signed a new one-year contract in June 2015.
On 18 February 2016, Kinsella joined National League club Kidderminster Harriers on a one-month loan. He debuted two days later, starting Kidderminster's 2–2 draw at home to Chester. Kinsella made six appearances before extending his loan with the club on 21 March until the end of 2015–16, finishing the loan spell with 13 appearances. After the end of the season, Kinsella announced Aston Villa had not offered him a new contract and left the club after five years.
Colchester United
During the summer of 2016, Kinsella received offers from two English Football League clubs, but both fell through. He then spent a week training with Swindon Town, and his former loan club Luton. After impressing in two trial matches against Crystal Palace and Ipswich Town for Colchester United, Kinsella signed a one-year contract with the League Two clubs on 29 July 2016. He debuted in Colchester's 1–1 draw away to Hartlepool United on the opening day of 2016–17. Kinsella made 14 appearances during the early months of the season, but sustained an injury in the latter, a 0–0 draw with Newport County on 8 October. He required surgery on his ankle that ruled him out of action for three months. Kinsella ended the season with just one further appearance following his injury, bringing his total to 15 for the season. He signed a new one-year contract with Colchester on 29 June 2017.
Aldershot Town
He joined National League club Aldershot Town on loan for one month on 4 January 2018. Kinsella made his Aldershot debut two days later in their 2–1 away win over Dover Athletic. On 31 January 2018, Kinsella signed for Aldershot permanently on a contract until the end of 2017–18, after leaving Colchester by mutual consent. He signed a new one-year contract with the club on 11 May 2018.
In the summer of 2020, Kinsella made national news as he sought to crowdfund money to pay for an operation after a serious MCL injury. This prompted over £10,000 in donations, including £1,000 from the Aldershot board of directors and £2,000 from former Aston Villa teammate Jack Grealish.
On 23 October 2021, Kinsella scored his first senior goal to give his side a 2–1 lead over Bromley before the away side came from behind for a second time in the match to earn a 3–2 win.
On 5 June 2022, Kinsella announced he would be leaving the club after failing to agree new terms ahead of the 2022–23 campaign, leaving the Hampshire-based side after a four-year spell.
Wealdstone
On 8 July 2022, Kinsella signed for National League side Wealdstone. On 6 August 2022 he made his debut for the club in a 3-2 victory over Bromley.
Career statistics
Honours
Aston Villa
NextGen Series: 2012–13
References
External links
Lewis Kinsella profile at the Aldershot Town F.C. website
1994 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Watford
Footballers from Hertfordshire
English footballers
Association football fullbacks
Aston Villa F.C. players
Luton Town F.C. players
Kidderminster Harriers F.C. players
Colchester United F.C. players
Aldershot Town F.C. players
Wealdstone F.C. players
English Football League players
National League (English football) players
Tour Postel 2001 is a skyscraper in Abidjan, Ivory Coast. The 26 story building was completed in 1984. It is located on the street Rue Jesse Owens. Once considered dangerous, and as a result condemned, the tower has undergone a 14 billion CFA franc renovation recently.
See also
Skyscraper design and construction
List of the tallest buildings in Africa
References
Buildings and structures in Abidjan
Residential buildings completed in 1984
1984 establishments in Ivory Coast
Odette is a Singaporean restaurant. Founded in 2015 by chef Julien Royer in collaboration with the local Lo & Behold Group, Odette features a fusion of French cuisine with Asian influences, including of Singapore's.
Odette has been rated as being one of the top restaurants in Asia, having received numerous awards, most notably being rated three Michelin stars, as well as winning first place in Asia's 50 Best Restaurants in 2020.
Description
Odette is a 3100-square-foot restaurant located in the Supreme Court wing of the National Gallery Singapore. It serves French cuisine with Asian/Singaporean influences. Royer named the restaurant in honor of his grandmother, who taught him how to cook. He credits his grandmother and her cooking philosophies for inspiring him to become a chef, saying, "she taught me about respecting produce, about approaching cooking in a simple fashion, and how to elevate each ingredient like a piece of art." In coming up with the concept for his restaurant, Royer wanted to offer modern fine dining but without the "stiff, unwelcoming" atmosphere stereotypical of a fine dining experience.
Odette can seat up to 38 people, not including an additional eight-person private room. The design of the restaurant was overseen by Sacha Leong, a designer from London firm Universal Design Studio. Leong used white and light shades of pink to decorate the room. Singaporean artist Dawn Ng, who is married to Royer's business partner Wee Teng Wen, created a hanging installation in the main dining area called A Theory of Everything. Inspired by Royer's focus on simplicity in the kitchen, Ng took printed photographs of ingredients, sticking them onto oak panels and folding them.
Signature dishes at Odette include rosemary smoked organic eggs, mushroom tea, and a dish consisting of variations on the heirloom beetroot. According to Royer, the restaurant strives to pay tribute to his childhood by using the best ingredients sourced from small producers worldwide, sourcing ingredients from Australia, Japan, and as far away as Europe. He states, "I like that it falls between the range of tradition and innovation—food that's tasty and uses classic cooking techniques, but is interpreted in a modern way." Royer also claims that food waste at Odette is minimized, due to the care put into designing the menu to use as much of the ingredients as possible.
History
Odette was established in 2015 by Royer. Originally from Auvergne, France, he was previously the head chef of Jaan at the Swissôtel The Stamford, also in Singapore. While working at Jaan, regular customer Chong Siak Ching, the CEO of the National Gallery, asked if Royer would be interested in occupying an available space at the museum. After meeting with a local business partner, he agreed after a couple of weeks to open his own restaurant there, resigning from his position at Jaan in June 2015. Construction on the restaurant began sometime that summer, costing an estimated seven figures. In October, it was announced that Royer and managing partner Wee Teng Wen, of Lo & Behold Group, would be opening Odette in the National Gallery on November 2nd. Wee had previously met Royer through mutual friends, and had discussed opening a restaurant together as early as 2014.
During the COVID-19 pandemic, Odette made adaptations to their business, such as installing air and surface purification systems inside the restaurant, and implementing curbside pickup for take-out orders. The take-out service, Odette at Home, gives people the opportunity to order a multi-course meal from a curated list of menu items, without needing to visit the restaurant in-person. According to Royer, approximately 40% of Odette's revenue during 2020 was from take-out orders.
Reception
Odette is well-received by critics. Annette Tan of the Condé Nast Traveler claims that "restaurant obsessives consider Odette one of the best dining experiences in the world." The Straits Time' Wong Ah Yoke describes the atmosphere as "classy yet not ostentatious", and that the neutral color scheme is "contemporary, soothing and elegant". Both Tan and Wong enjoyed the food. Tan notes that "every dish is artful, complex, and most importantly delicious." Wong likes the "excellent" Kushiro flounder and "juicy" Challans Guineafowl.
Odette also received several awards since its debut. In its first year of opening, it won the "Best New Restaurant" award at the G Restaurant Awards. It later won "Restaurant of the Year" at the same awards in 2018. The restaurant got its first accolades by the Michelin Guide in 2016, receiving two stars. It later received three stars in 2019. In 2020, Odette received first place in Asia's 50 Best Restaurants, and second place the year after. It first made its appearance on the list in ninth place in 2017, winning "The Highest New Entry Award". It then moved up the Asian rankings to fifth place in 2018.
On the worldwide rankings, The World's 50 Best Restaurants, it debuted at 86th place in the 2017 list. moving its way up to 28th by 2018, and 18th by 2019. For his role in the kitchen at Odette, Royer won the "Chef of the Year" award at the World Gourmet Summit in 2017. He had previously won the award in 2014 while at Jaan. Odette also won "Restaurant of the Year" and "Old World Wine List of the Year" at the 2019 World Gourmet Summit awards.
References
Michelin Guide starred restaurants in Singapore
Restaurants established in 2015
2015 establishments in Singapore
Tahar Ben Hassine Mansouri (born 9 January 1965 in Fouchana, Tunis) is a retired Tunisian marathon runner.
Achievements
External links
sports-reference
1965 births
Living people
Tunisian male long-distance runners
Athletes (track and field) at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Tunisia
People from Ben Arous Governorate
Tunisian male marathon runners
Athletes (track and field) at the 1993 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games competitors for Tunisia
Margarida Conte (born 2 September 1966) is a Brazilian handball player. She competed in the women's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
Brazilian female handball players
Olympic handball players of Brazil
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Handball players from São Paulo
Pan American Games medalists in handball
Pan American Games gold medalists for Brazil
Pan American Games bronze medalists for Brazil
Handball players at the 1999 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1995 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1999 Pan American Games
The Faro Island tree frog (Litoria lutea) is a species of frog in the subfamily Pelodryadinae. It is found in Papua New Guinea and Solomon Islands. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
Litoria
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Amphibians described in 1887
Palau competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 5 to 21 August 2016. This was the nation's fifth consecutive appearance at the Summer Olympics.
Five athletes, three men and two women, were selected to the Palauan team at the Games, competing only in athletics, swimming, freestyle wrestling, and flatwater canoeing (the country's Olympic debut in Rio de Janeiro). Two of Palau's Olympians returned: sprinter Rodman Teltull (men's 100 metres), and freestyle wrestler Florian Skilang Temengil (men's 125 kg), who reprised his role of leading the Palauan delegation as the nation's flag bearer for the second time in the opening ceremony, since he did so eight years earlier in Beijing. Palau, however, has yet to win its first ever Olympic medal.
Athletics (track & field)
Palau has received one universality slot from IAAF to send one male athlete to the Olympics.
Canoeing
Sprint
Palau has received an invitation from the Tripartite Commission to send a boat in the women's K-1 500 m to the Olympics, signifying the nation's debut in the sport.
Qualification Legend: FA = Qualify to final (medal); FB = Qualify to final B (non-medal)
Swimming
Palau has received a Universality invitation from FINA to send two swimmers (one male and one female) to the Olympics.
Wrestling
Palau has received an invitation from the Tripartite Commission to send a wrestler competing in the men's freestyle 125 kg to the Olympics, signifying the nation's comeback to the sport after an eight-year hiatus.
Men's freestyle
References
External links
Olymp
Nations at the 2016 Summer Olympics
2016
HD 23474 (HR 1154) is a double star in the southern circumpolar constellation Mensa. It has an apparent magnitude of 6.30, placing it near the max naked eye visibility. The system is situated at a distance of about 750 light years and is currently receding with a heliocentric radial velocity of .
As of 2018, the pair have a separation of along a position angle of .
The primary or visible component has a stellar classification of K2 III, indicating that it is a red giant. As a result, it has expanded to a diameter of and has an effective temperature of , giving an orange hue. It has 121% the mass of the Sun and shines with a luminosity of from its enlarged photosphere. HD 23474 spins with a poorly constrained projected rotational velocity of and has a metallicity around solar level.
References
Mensa (constellation)
K-type giants
Double stars
Mensae, 3
PD-78 105
023474
016827
1154
Spiritual jazz (or astral jazz) is a sub-genre of jazz that originated in the United States during the 1960s. The genre is hard to characterize musically but draws from free, avant-garde and modal jazz and thematically focuses on transcendence and spirituality. John Coltrane's 1965 album A Love Supreme is considered landmark in the genre.
Musical style
Spiritual jazz does not follow a strictly defined musical style but generally features elements of free jazz, avant-garde jazz and modal jazz with influences from Asian and African music. Quartal harmonies, the Dorian mode, meditative sounds as well as the musical language of blues and bebop are often employed in spiritual jazz. Musicians frequently play instruments not traditionally used in jazz or western music, electric keyboards and utilise the recording studio as an instrument.
History
Origins
Critics usually associate spiritual jazz with the 1960s but the beginnings of the genre can be traced to the 1940s and 1950s in works such as Black, Brown and Beige by Duke Ellington, Zodiac Suite by Mary Lou Williams, and Jazz at the Vespers by George Lewis.
During the 1960s in the United States, the civil rights movement was occurring, causing societal change, political movements, and the desire of the marginalized to have their voices heard. As a result, African-American people were given more freedom to celebrate their culture and to express themselves religiously. This led to a desire to push the conventions of jazz, with some artists choosing to search for transcendence and spirituality in their music.
John Coltrane's 1965 album A Love Supreme is generally considered the genesis of spiritual jazz though Coltrane can be heard developing the sound on the song "Spiritual" recorded four years earlier. Treblezine wrote "Spiritual jazz begins, essentially, with John Coltrane," while Pitchfork wrote "This musical exploration [of spirituality] was epitomized by tenor saxophonist John Coltrane". A Love Supreme and other works by John Coltrane inspired other jazz musicians to create music searching for transcendence. For example, Pharoah Sanders and Don Cherry were considered to have taken inspiration from Coltrane's spiritual works.
After John Coltrane's death in 1967, his wife Alice Coltrane and Pharoah Sanders—both who had previously played with Coltrane—were some of the first to continue the sound of the genre. Coltrane's 1971 album Journey in Satchidananda combined spiritual jazz with influences from Hindustani classical music, after her journey into spirituality with help from Swami Satchidananda. Journey in Satchidananda used ragas, harps, sitars, and ouds to achieve its sound. Pharoah Sanders took inspiration from Arabic, Indian, and Afro-Cuban music, to create early spiritual jazz albums, including Tauhid (1967) and Karma (1969).
Continuations
Many artists other than Alice Coltrane and Pharoah Sanders were inspired by John Coltrane's spiritual jazz works. Prevalent artists of this era of spiritual jazz included Lonnie Liston Smith, Albert Ayler, Sun Ra, and Don Cherry. Saxophonist Albert Ayler was a student of John Coltrane, known for his "uncanny, visceral, and startlingly new" take on jazz tradition and his use of spirituals, as seen in 1969's Music is the Healing Force of the Universe.Electric keyboardist Lonnie Liston Smith, inspired by his work with Pharaoh Sanders, released his debut album Astral Traveling in 1973. According to Brian Zimmerman, "While [Astral Traveling] does tap into that spiritual element, it's got a "poppier" vein running through it."
Bandleader Sun Ra's spiritual jazz was influenced by Egyptology and went on to inspire Afrofuturism. According to Jazziz, Space Is the Place (1973) is one of Ra's "most famous albums". Saxophonist Azar Lawrence—described as a "Coltrane devotee" by KCRW—released Bridge into the New Age in 1974. The album has been influential on young jazz musicians in London, as recent as the 2020s.
Contemporary
Spiritual jazz was primarily present during the 1960s and 1970s, although the genre is still currently created to a lesser extent. Examples of spiritual jazz albums from the 2010s and 2020s include The Epic by Kamasi Washington (2015), Wisdom of Elders by Shabaka & The Ancestors (2016), There is a Place by Maisha (2019), Reverence by Muriel Grossman (2019), and Cosmic Transitions by Isaiah Collier & The Chosen Few (2021). According to Treblezine, "Kamasi Washington brought spiritual jazz back to popular consciousness on a wider scale in 2015 with the release of [The Epic]". KCRW wrote: "Washington is attracting many young enthusiasts to the jazz scene."
List of artists
Albert Ayler
Albert Heath
Alice Coltrane
Azar Lawrence
Charlie Haden
Don Cherry
Isaiah Collier & The Chosen Few
John Coltrane
John McLaughlin
Kamasi Washington
Lonnie Liston Smith
Maisha
McCoy Tyner
Muriel Grossman
Pharoah Sanders
Phil Cohran
Rahsaan Roland Kirk
Sonny Sharrock
Steve Reid
Sun Ra
Tom Scott
Tony Scott
References
Further information
Spiritual jazz
Aart van der Leeuw (; 23 June 1876 – 17 April 1931) was a Dutch writer of prose fiction and poetry. His reputation rests mostly on two novels, Ik en mijn speelman (1927) and De kleine Rudolf (1930).
Biography
Aart van der Leeuw was born in Hof van Delft into a family of notable merchants. He had a strong bond with his mother, whose storytelling was very influential on him; later he read her his stories and poems. His years in elementary school were sad, apparently, and he later wrote about them in Kinderland (1914). He attended the gymnasium in Delft, but he was a dreamer as a child who suffered in the harsh school environment where he was ridiculed. He had little interest in his studies (except for Dutch and history), and on top of that he had health problems, with his eyes and ears, which would plague him throughout his life. All this contributed to his graduating only at age 22, in 1898. He began publishing prose and poetry in his high school years (in the student magazines Vox Gymnasii and Nuntius Gymnasorium—in the latter he published verse inspired by Willem Kloos), and read voraciously; the Tachtigers influenced him greatly, and he became a neo-Romantic of sorts. In addition, he got more critical of his family's Protestantism, but while he would become anti-church, he never became irreligious. In this time period he became friends with Carel Adama van Scheltema and with painter Jan Vogelaar, who soon became a mentor to Van der Leeuw.
He studied law at the Universiteit van Amsterdam for practical purposes; his parents' financial situation was a concern to him, and law offered good social prospects. This proved motivation enough, and he graduated on time, in 1902, and then worked briefly at the city archives of Delft. In 1903 he started as chef de bureau at a life insurance company in Dordrecht. That same year he married his school friend Antonia Johanna Kipp; they had become engaged in 1899. Their marriage remained childless. She is present in many of his early poems and was much interested in mysticism and spirituality; she is credited with shifting Van der Leeuw from skepticism to religiosity, because of her non-dogmatic though Christian-inflected beliefs.
Van der Leeuw hated his job. He had agreed to take the accountancy exam and had to take classes for that; combined with the full work day he had little time left for creative work. In March 1907 he resigned his position, on his doctor's advice, for health reasons, but this turned out to be a blessing in disguise: now he was free to pursue his calling. On top of that, his wife's father died, shortly followed by her mother, and he and his wife moved to Voorburg, where he could devote himself to playing the violin, reading, and writing. They lived there until his death at age 54.
In February 1931 he fell ill with pneumonia and pleurisy, and never recovered. He died on 17 April, and was buried in Voorburg, with a modest ceremony. A family member read his poem "Mijn vaders tuinen" at the gravesite.
Work
The novella Sint-Veit was his literary debut; published in 1908 in Albert Verwey's magazine De Beweging, it had been written years before, in Dordrecht. He published also in De Gids and De Nieuwe Gids, but was less interested in the naturalist writers than he was in those of a more symbolist quality. Van der Leeuw began publishing poetry in 1909 and until 1926 published four collections. He also published three collections of short stories, four prose fiction books, critical prose, and some translations. Very much isolated in Voorburg and loath to mingle in the literary world, his friend Van Schendel helped him prepare a number of his books for publication, including Liederen en Balladen (1910), Kinderland (1913), and Herscheppingen (1916). He traveled abroad only when his friends gifted him a trip to Italy for his 50th birthday, a trip he credited with prompting him to write Ik en mijn speelman, a typically neo-Romanticist book that thematizes the relationship between beauty and reality (influenced, Van der Leeuw said, by 17th-c spiritual writer and mystic Thomas Traherne) and chooses beauty over reality. In his next book, De kleine Rudolf (1930), there is an attempt to reconcile dream and reality, and now reality is accepted, with romanticism being sought in life, not outside of it. In 1928 he was awarded the C.W. van der Hoogtprijs by the Maatschappij der Nederlandse Letterkunde for Het aardsche paradijs (1927).
Bibliography
Sint Veit (1908)
Liederen en balladen (1911)
Kinderland (1914)
Herscheppingen (1916)
Sint-Veit en andere vertellingen (1919)
De mythe van een jeugd (1921)
Opvluchten (1922)
De gezegenden (1923)
Vluchtige begroetingen (1925)
De zwerftochten van Odysseus (1926)
Het aardsche paradijs (1927)
Ik en mijn speelman (1927)
De kleine Rudolf (1930)
De opdracht (1930)
Verspreid proza, nagelaten (1932)
Die van hun leven vertelden (1934)
Vertellingen (1935)
Momenten van schoonheid en bezinning (1947)
Verzamelde gedichten (1950)
De briefwisseling tussen P.N. van Eyck en Aart van der Leeuw, bezorgd door Piet Delen (1973)
References
Dutch male writers
1876 births
1931 deaths
Seth William Johnson (born September 19, 1998) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Baltimore Orioles organization.
Amateur career
Johnson attended Jay M. Robinson High School in Concord, North Carolina where he played baseball. After graduating in 2016, he enrolled at Louisburg College. At Louisburg, he played mainly as a shortstop, hitting a combined .254 with nine home runs in his two seasons there. During his career at Louisburg, he pitched a total of six innings. After his sophomore year, he transferred to Campbell University and began focusing solely on pitching. In 2019, his junior year at Campbell, he appeared in 14 games (11 starts), going 3–3 with a 4.61 ERA, striking out 81 batters over innings.
Professional career
Tampa Bay Rays
The Tampa Bay Rays selected Johnson with the 40th overall pick in the 2019 Major League Baseball draft. He received a signing bonus of $1.72 million and made his professional debut with the Rookie-level Gulf Coast League Rays. After pitching ten scoreless innings over five games, he was promoted to the Princeton Rays of the Rookie Advanced Appalachian League in August, with whom he finished the season, going 0–1 with a 5.14 ERA over seven innings.
Johnson did not play a minor league game in 2020 due to the cancellation of the minor league season caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. He was assigned to the Charleston RiverDogs of the Low-A East for the 2021 season. He appeared in 23 games (making 16 starts), pitching to a 6–6 record, a 2.88 ERA, and 115 strikeouts over innings. He was assigned to the Bowling Green Hot Rods of the High-A South Atlantic League to open the 2022 season. In late May, he was placed on the injured list with forearm inflammation. It was later announced that he had torn his ulnar collateral ligament in his elbow and would be undergoing Tommy John surgery. Over 27 innings prior to the injury, he posted a 3.00 ERA with 41 strikeouts.
Baltimore Orioles
The Rays traded Johnson to the Baltimore Orioles in a three-team trade on August 1, 2022, in which the Rays acquired José Siri from the Houston Astros, the Astros acquired Trey Mancini from Baltimore and Jayden Murray from Tampa Bay, and the Orioles also acquired Chayce McDermott from the Astros.
References
External links
Campbell Camels bio
1998 births
Living people
People from Concord, North Carolina
Baseball players from North Carolina
Baseball pitchers
Louisburg Hurricanes baseball players
Campbell Fighting Camels baseball players
Gulf Coast Rays players
Princeton Rays players
Charleston RiverDogs players
Li Jingwen (; born 1993), professionally known as Jing Wen, is a Chinese fashion model. She is considered by Vogue as one of the top models from China. She is known for modeling for Prada. From July 2017 to 2020, she was ranked as one of the Top 50 models in the fashion industry by models.com. Currently, she is listed on models.com's Money Girls list. Jing Wen has been on the cover of Vogue Italia and Vogue China.
Career
Jing Wen started her career by signing with a local Chinese agency then Supreme Model Management in New York. She is currently signed to Supreme's mother agency Women Management.
Advertising
In addition to Prada campaigns, she has modeled in advertisements for Calvin Klein, 7 For All Mankind Jeans, Dior, Topshop, Zara, Victoria Beckham, Tommy Hilfiger, Coach, Inc. and Salvatore Ferragamo among others. She also starred in an H&M beauty campaign.
Runway
Jing has walked for Louis Vuitton, Prada, Chanel, She has walked the runway for Christian Dior, Chanel, Alexandre Vauthier, Elie Saab, Viktor & Rolf, J. Mendel, Giambattista Valli, Valentino, Proenza Schouler, Burberry, Roberto Cavalli, Marc Jacobs, and Marni among many others.
Models.com listed her as a "Top Newcomer" of the 2015 season.
Editorial
She has appeared in American Vogue, the cover of T: The New York Times Style Magazine, the cover of Vogue China twice, Teen Vogue, Love, the cover of Vogue Italia, Vogue Germany, and Numéro magazine among others.
Personal life
Jing Wen is an amateur photographer; after modeling, she plans to be a restaurateur.
References
1993 births
Living people
Chinese female models
People from Guangzhou
Women Management models
All-Time Quarterback (stylized ¡All-Time Quarterback!) was a solo side-project of Ben Gibbard, best known as the singer/guitarist for Death Cab for Cutie and as one third of the Postal Service.
Gibbard started the project in the spring of 1997, and a series of songs resulted in two lo-fi EPs, ¡All-Time Quarterback! and The Envelope Sessions, released in 1999 on Elsinor Records, which was documenting the Bellingham, Washington music scene. Gibbard had also started Death Cab for Cutie in 1997, a second side-project which eventually grew into a full band. A small tour occurred in 1999 to support the releases, but afterwards Gibbard went back to Death Cab for Cutie to record their second album. The song "Underwater!" from The Envelope Sessions was later re-recorded by Death Cab for Cutie for a 7" single on Sub Pop Records.
In 2002, with both original releases out-of-print, Barsuk Records released an album on CD titled ¡All-Time Quarterback!. The album contains songs from both releases, along with an outtake from the original EP sessions and a video for "Plans Get Complex", which was shot in a variety of locations across London, including Regent Street and a London Underground train.
Discography
¡All-Time Quarterback! (CD EP, 1999)
The Envelope Sessions (Cassette EP, 1999)
¡All-Time Quarterback! (CD album, 2002)
External links
All-Time Quarterback / Barsuk Records
Death Cab for Cutie
Musical groups from Washington (state)
Musical groups established in 1997
María Elvira Rodríguez Herrer (Madrid, 15 May 1949) is a Spanish economist and politician. She was the president of the Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores, a financial regulator, between 2012 and 2016.
Previously, as a member of the Partido Popular, she served in the Congress of Deputies and as minister of Environment in the second Aznar cabinet, as well as president of the Assembly of Madrid in the 8th term of the regional parliament. Rodríguez has held several other positions including:
Director General of Budgets (1996-2000)
Secretary of State for Budgets and Expenditure (2000-2003)
Minister of the Environment (2003-2004)
Deputy for Murcia in the Congress of Deputies (2004-2006)
Minister of Transport of the Community of Madrid (2006-2007)
President of the Assembly of Madrid (2007-2011)
Senator designated by the Assembly of Madrid (2011)
Member of the Congress of Deputies (2011-2012)
President of the CNMV (since 2012)
References
Bibliography
1949 births
Living people
Members of the 8th Congress of Deputies (Spain)
Members of the 10th Congress of Deputies (Spain)
People from Madrid
Environment ministers of Spain
People's Party (Spain) politicians
Spanish economists
Spanish women economists
21st-century Spanish women politicians
Women government ministers of Spain
Presidents of the Assembly of Madrid
Government ministers of the Community of Madrid
Members of the 9th Assembly of Madrid
Members of the 8th Assembly of Madrid
Members of the People's Parliamentary Group (Assembly of Madrid)
Members of the 14th Congress of Deputies (Spain)
Basketball contests at the 1968 Summer Olympics was the seventh appearance of the sport of basketball as an official Olympic medal event. It took place at the Palacio de los Deportes in Mexico City, Mexico from October 13 to October 25, 1968. The United States defeated Yugoslavia to win their seventh straight gold medal in this sport, while the Soviet Union earned the bronze against Brazil.
Medal summary
Qualification
Automatic qualifications were granted to the host country and the first five places at the previous tournament. Additional spots were decided by various continental tournaments held by FIBA plus two additional tournaments that granted two extra berths each.
Format
Two groups of eight teams are formed, where the top two from each group compete for the medals in a knockout round.
The remaining places are defined as follows:
Fifth through eighth places are decided in a separate bracket between the third and fourth places from each group in a separate bracket.
Ninth through sixteenth places are decided between the fifth through eighth places from each group in separate brackets.
Squads
For the team rosters see: Basketball at the 1968 Summer Olympics – Men's team rosters.
Preliminary round
The top two teams from each group advance to the semifinals, while the remaining teams compete for 5th through 16th places in separate brackets. Both group leaders, the United States and the Soviet Union advanced undefeated to the knockout stage.
Group A
October 13
October 14
October 15
October 16
October 18
October 19
October 20
Group B
October 13
October 14
October 15
October 16
October 18
October 19
October 20
Knockout stage
The much anticipated final between The United States and the USSR would have to wait four years. Yugoslavia stunned the Soviets 63-62 in the semifinals. In the championship game the Americans had a slim 32-29 lead at intermission but put the game out of reach with a 22-3 streak to start the second half.
Medal bracket
Classification brackets
5th–8th Place
9th–12th Place
13th–16th Place
Awards
Final standings
References
External links
Official Olympic Report
1968 Summer Olympics events
1968
Olympics
John Clarkin (born 1872) was a Scottish footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Neilston. He played for Neilston, Bootle, Glasgow Thistle, Newton Heath and Blackpool.
Blackpool
Neilston-born Clarkin signed for Blackpool from Newton Heath in June 1896. He made his debut for the club in their first-ever match in the Football League, on 5 September 1896 (see Blackpool F.C. season 1896–97). He went on to appear in 28 of the club's 30 games that season, scoring eight goals.
The following season, 1897–98, Clarkin made 26 appearances and scored five goals.
References
External links
Profile at StretfordEnd.co.uk
Profile at MUFCInfo.com
1872 births
People from Neilston
Scottish footballers
Neilston Juniors F.C. players
Bootle F.C. (1879) players
Manchester United F.C. players
Blackpool F.C. players
Year of death missing
Association football forwards
English Football League players
Thistle F.C. players
Sportspeople from East Renfrewshire
Administration of Justice Act (with its variations) is a stock short title used for legislation in the United Kingdom relating to the administration of justice.
The Bill for an Act with this short title may have been known as a Administration of Justice Bill during its passage through Parliament.
Administration of Justice Acts may be a generic name either for legislation bearing that short title or for all legislation which relates to procedural law.
List
United Kingdom
The Administration of Justice Act 1696 (8 & 9 Will 3 c 25)
The Administration of Justice Act 1705 (4 & 5 Ann c 3)
The Administration of Justice Act 1774 (14 Geo 3 c 39)
The Administration of Justice Act 1813 (53 Geo 3 c 24)
The Administration of Justice Act 1841
The Administration of Justice Act 1920 (10 & 11 Geo 5 c 81)
The Administration of Justice Act 1925 (15 & 16 Geo 5 c 28)
The Administration of Justice Act 1928 (18 & 19 Geo 5 c 26)
The Administration of Justice Act 1932 (22 & 23 Geo 5 c 55)
The Administration of Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1933 (23 & 24 Geo 5 c 36)
The Administration of Justice (Appeals) Act 1934 (24 & 25 Geo 5 c 40)
The Administration of Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1938 (1 & 2 Geo 6 c 63)
The Administration of Justice (Pensions) Act 1950
The Administration of Justice Act 1956 (4 & 5 Eliz 2 c 46)
The Administration of Justice Act 1960 (8 & 9 Eliz 2 c 65)
The Administration of Justice Act 1964 (c 42)
The Administration of Justice Act 1965 (c 2)
The Administration of Justice Act 1968 (c 5)
The Administration of Justice Act 1969 (c 58)
The Administration of Justice Act 1970 (c 31)
The Administration of Justice Act 1973 (c 15)
The Administration of Justice Act 1977 (c 38)
The Administration of Justice Act 1982 (c 53)
The Administration of Justice Act 1985 (c 61)
Scotland
The Administration of Justice (Scotland) Act 1933 (23 & 24 Geo 5 c 41)
The Administration of Justice (Scotland) Act 1972 (c 59)
Northern Ireland
The Administration of Justice (Language) Act (Ireland) 1737 (I) (11 Geo 2 c 6)
The Administration of Justice Act (Northern Ireland) 1954 (NI) (c 9)
See also
List of short titles
Lists of legislation by short title
Lists of Acts of the Parliament of the United Kingdom
Hurley is a town in Ulster County, New York, United States. The population was 6,314 at the 2010 census. The town is in the northeastern part of the county, west of the city of Kingston. Much of the town is inside the Catskill Park. Located within the town is a hamlet and census-designated place, also named Hurley. The Town of Hurley comprises the hamlets of Hurley, West Hurley and Glenford.
History
In the spring of 1662, Petrus Stuyvesant, Director General of New Netherland, established the village of Niew Dorp on the site of an earlier Native American settlement. On June 7, 1663, during the Esopus Wars the Esopus attacked and destroyed that village, and took captives who were later released. The English acquired the Dutch colony on September 6, 1664. On September 17, 1669, the village, abandoned since the Esopus attack, was resettled and renamed Hurley. It has been stated that the resettled village was named after Francis Lovelace, Baron Hurley of Ireland. However, no such title existed and it is more likely that Lovelace renamed the settlement Hurley somehow in reference to, or solidarity with, his kinsmen and fellow royalists, the Barons Lovelace of Hurley in Berkshire, England (contemporaries as well as modern historians often confuse Francis Lovelace the colonial governor with a son of Richard, 1st Baron Lovelace (1564-1634) of Hurley, Berkshire. This earlier Francis was to be the grandfather of the John Lovelace (1672-1709) a later colonial Governor). In 1708 two large land patents from the New York Colonial government expanded the bounds of Hurley northward to near the present boundary with the Town of Woodstock and southward to the old boundary of the Town of New Paltz.
The southern section was quickly settled by farmers and the villages of Bloomingdale and Wagondale (later Creeklocks) were established. The discovery of limestone suitable for cement made this a valuable economic area and the village of Rosendale became its center. These villages and the surrounding area became the core of the town of Rosendale, established in 1844.
The central part of the town (known sometimes as "Old Hurley") remained an agricultural community of close-knit families. Farming the Esopus Valley, they supplied grain to the growing colony, New England, and the American Revolutionary forces. During October, November, and December 1777, Old Hurley was the military headquarters for General George Clinton's Continental forces and the temporary capital of New York State, moving from Kingston. The town was succeeded by Poughkeepsie as the capital.
Old Hurley's Main Street is listed on the National Register of Historic Places due to its well-preserved stone houses which have served as residences for more than 300 years. Some are open to the public once a year in July on Stone House Day, and one contains the Hurley Heritage Society's museum.
The northern section of the town was a forested wilderness until the discovery, in the 1830s, of a fine quality shale. Known as bluestone, it was used in the construction of road curbing, sidewalks and building facades. West Hurley, Glenford, and Ashton were villages established as a result of the quarry industry. In 1917, New York City's need for a dependable water supply resulted in land condemnation and the flooding of the valley to create the Ashokan Reservoir. The flooded villages of Glenford and West Hurley were resettled on the shores of the reservoir, but Ashton was never relocated.
Parts of Hurley have been used to form the towns of New Paltz (1809), Esopus (1818), Olive (1823), Rosendale (1844), and Woodstock (1853). The southern part of Hurley includes Stony Hollow, New York.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the town has a total area of 36 square miles (93.2 km2), of which 30 square miles (77.6 km2) is land and 6 square miles (15.6 km2) (16.74%) is water.
Esopus Creek, a tributary of the Hudson River, flows through the town. The eastern part of the Ashokan Reservoir is in the northern part of the town.
U.S. Route 209 passes through the eastern part of the town, and NY 28 crosses it east to west.
Demographics
2010 census
As of the 2010 census, there were 6,314 people. The population was 94.5% white, 1.6% black, .1% Native American, 1.4% Asian Asian and .1% Pacific Islander. 2.9% were Latino of any race.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 6,564 people, 2,694 households, and 1,872 families residing in the town. The population density was 219.2 people per square mile (84.6/km2). There were 2,946 housing units at an average density of 98.4 per square mile (38.0/km2). The racial makeup of the town was 95.64% white, 1.4% black or African American, .12% Native American, 1.22% Asian, .11% Pacific Islander, .3% from other races, and 1.2% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.9% of the population.
There were 2,694 households, out of which 28.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.8% were married couples living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.5% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.88.
In the town, the population was spread out, with 22.3% under the age of 18, 4.6% from 18 to 24, 24.5% from 25 to 44, 31.0% from 45 to 64, and 17.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.2 males.
The median income for a household in the town was $51,055, and the median income for a family was $59,487. Males had a median income of $39,565 versus $27,238 for females. The per capita income for the town was $25,864. About 4.4% of families and 6.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 7.2% of those under age 18 and 5.3% of those age 65 or over.
Notable people
Sojourner Truth, abolitionist, feminist, social activist, born a slave in Hurley in 1797.
Maurice Hinchey, former US Congressman.
William C. Hasbrouck, former New York State Assembly Speaker and lawyer, born in Hurley in 1800.
August Kauss, Medal of Honor recipient in the American Civil War.
Herb Trimpe, longtime Marvel Comics artist, The Incredible Hulk.
Jonathan Donahue, founding member of 1990s band Mercury Rev. Was born in Kingston and lived in Hurley until 1977.
Joe Eula, American fashion illustrator.
Whitney Hall, player for the Nightmares hockey team.
Communities and locations in Hurley
Ashton – a former community, lost by the construction of the Ashokan Reservoir.
Ashokan Reservoir – a reservoir formed in 1917 within the Catskill Park. It is partly within the northwestern part of the town.
Hurley – a hamlet in the eastern part of the town. It was temporarily the capital of New York.
Creeklocks – a location formerly called "Wagondale."
Glenford – a hamlet on the north shore of the Ashokan Reservoir, on Route 28 west of West Hurley.
Morgan Hill – a hamlet inside the Catskill State Park, northwest of Hurley hamlet.
Old Hurley – a location in the central part of the town, which includes the Hurley Historic District.
Riverside Park – a hamlet south of the hamlet of Hurley.
Rolling Meadows – a suburban community bordering Kingston.
Southside – a location in the town.
References
External links
The Hurley Town web site
Hurley Library
Hurley Heritage Society
Stone House Day
New York
Towns in Ulster County, New York
1669 establishments in the Province of New York
The Rock is a boulder on the campus of Michigan State University. Once popular as a trysting site, today it serves as a billboard for campus groups and events.
History
The Rock was unearthed in 1873 near what is now the corner of Grand River Avenue (M-43) and Michigan Avenue in East Lansing, Michigan. It was donated to the (Michigan) State Agricultural College by the class of 1873. The college placed the rock in the "Sacred Space" near the modern day Beaumont Tower, where the stone became a common hangout for young couples and became known as the "Engagement Rock". By the late 20th Century, the rock had become better known for protest slogans than engagement photos. In 1985, it was moved to its current location, east of Farm Lane, on the north bank of the Red Cedar River. Today, the innumerable layers of paint obliterate the original inscription: "Class '73".
The Rock Today
The Rock can be painted on by anyone, and is used for anything from birthday wishes and marriage proposals to political statements. The Rock is also a hot spot for rival universities to paint. As a result, during football and basketball season MSU students often camp next to the Rock to protect it.
One of the most poignant moments in the history of the Rock occurred on the evening of September 11, 2001. Within hours of the September 11, 2001 attacks, virtually every activist group on campus, along with the university administration, had organized an impromptu candlelight vigil at the floodplain next to the Rock. The Rock was painted green and white with the words "MSU students in remembrance and reflection" on the front, and an American flag on the back. Several thousand students attended. In a break from normal rock-painting etiquette, the university asked all campus groups to abstain from repainting the Rock for one week.
On Wednesday, April 9, 2014, at 9:00 pm, hundreds gathered at the rock to hold a vigil for Lacey Holsworth, dubbed "Princess Lacey", a young 8-year-old girl, with terminal cancer, who befriended the MSU Basketball team and whose story was a source of inspiration nationwide. The rock was painted white, with "MSU Loves Princess Lacey" on the front, and "Love Like Lacey" on the base. Students then proceeded to sign the rock with a black sharpie, leaving their own personal messages to Lacey, who had passed that morning.
Throughout Thursday, dozens of students an hour stopped at the rock, adding their names, leaving flowers, and paying their respects. A movement, highlighted by an article in the Detroit News, sought to ban all future painting of the rock, and to preserve it as a permanent memorial to Lacey. But by April 21, 2014, four days after her memorial, it was repainted with the message "Congratulations graduates, be a hero to someone"
marking the longest period, in recent history, that the rock had gone unchanged.
References
Michigan State University campus
Stone objects
1873 establishments in Michigan
Myles Gaskin (born February 15, 1997) is an American football running back for the Miami Dolphins of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Washington.
Early years
Gaskin was raised in Lynnwood, Washington, a suburb north of Seattle. He attended the Alderwood Boys and Girls Club where his athleticism playing basketball was noted by his coach.
Gaskin attended O'Dea High School in Seattle, Washington. As a junior, he rushed for 2,182 yards and 35 touchdowns and as a senior he had 1,567 yards and 25 touchdowns. Myles also ran track, competing in the 100 meter dash and the 4 by 100 meter relay. He committed to the University of Washington to play college football.
College career
Gaskin became Washington's starting running back his true freshman year in 2015. He became the first true freshman in school history to rush for over 1,000 yards, finishing with 1,302 on 227 carries. He also set a freshman record with 14 rushing touchdowns. He was named the MVP of the 2015 Heart of Dallas Bowl after rushing for 181 yards and four touchdowns. Gaskin played in all 14 games of his sophomore season, amassing 1,373 yards and 10 touchdowns. He was named to the All-Pac-12 first-team following the regular season.
In his statistically most-successful junior year, Gaskin led the Pac-12 with 21 rushing touchdowns and 24 total touchdowns, and was fifth in the conference in rushing yards. In the fourth game of the season at Colorado, he rushed for 202 yards, the only 200+ game of his career. His productivity declined slightly his senior year, but he still became the first Pac-12 player with four 1000+ rushing-yard-seasons, and led the 2018 Huskies to conference championship and the Rose Bowl. There, in the last game of his college career, Gaskin rushed for two touchdowns and passed for a third in his only career pass attempt, all in the fourth quarter.
Gaskin finished his career at Washington with a school-record 62 touchdowns (2nd in Pac-12 history to Royce Freeman) and 5,323 rushing yards (3rd to Freeman and Charles White). He also holds school records for 100-rushing-yard games (26), rush attempts (945), rushing yards per game (102.4), rushing touchdowns (57), rushes of 50+ yards (10), and all-purpose yards (5,878).
Professional career
Gaskin was drafted by the Miami Dolphins in the seventh round, 234th overall, of the 2019 NFL Draft, the last of 25 running backs taken and the second by the Dolphins. In Week 16, in the 38–35 overtime victory over the Cincinnati Bengals, he scored his first career touchdown on a two-yard run. He was placed on injured reserve on December 24, 2019. He appeared in seven games as a rookie and recorded 133 rushing yards and one rushing touchdown to go along with seven receptions for 51 receiving yards.
In 2020, Gaskin started the season as backup to Matt Breida and Jordan Howard. In his first career start in Week 3, he had a career-best 95 yards from scrimmage in a victory over Jacksonville. In Week 6, Gaskin had 49 yards on the Dolphins' second series, en route to 126 yards from scrimmage in a 24-0 win over the Jets. He was placed on injured reserve on November 5, 2020, with a sprained MCL. He was activated on December 5, 2020. He was placed on the reserve/COVID-19 list by the team on December 12, 2020, and activated on December 23. In Week 16 against the Las Vegas Raiders, Gaskin rushed for 87 yards and recorded 5 catches for 82 yards and 2 touchdowns one being a 59 yard reception from Ryan Fitzpatrick during the 26–25 win.
Gaskin was the starter for most games in Miami's 2021 season, but carried 5 or fewer times in six of them. His 846 yards from scrimmage was second on the 9-8 team to Jaylen Waddle, but splitting carries with Duke Johnson the Dolphins struggled to an NFL-second-worst 3.5 yards per rush. Bright spots included 10 catches for 74 yards and 2 touchdowns in a Week 5 loss to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, and 89 yards rushing with a receiving touchdown in a Week 15 win over the New York Jets.
Career statistics
See also
Washington Huskies football statistical leaders
References
External links
Miami Dolphins bio
Washington Huskies bio
1997 births
Living people
American football running backs
People from Lynnwood, Washington
Players of American football from Washington (state)
Sportspeople from the Seattle metropolitan area
Washington Huskies football players
Miami Dolphins players
Laurent Henkinet (born 14 September 1992) is a Belgian footballer who is playing for Standard Liège as a goalkeeper in the Belgian First Division A.
External links
1992 births
Living people
Belgian footballers
Association football goalkeepers
K.S.K. Tongeren players
Sint-Truidense V.V. players
Standard Liège players
K.F.C. Dessel Sport players
K.V. Kortrijk players
S.K. Beveren players
Oud-Heverlee Leuven players
Belgian First Division A players
Belgian First Division B players
Footballers from Liège
A river is a flowing body of water.
River may also refer to:
Places
River, Indiana, former name of San Pierre, US
River, Kent, a village and civil parish in Kent, England
River, West Sussex, a hamlet in England
River Township, Red Lake County, Minnesota, US
People
Dylan River, Australian filmmaker
Jack River (musician) (born Holly Rankin, 1991), Australian singer-songwriter
River Cracraft (born 1994), American football player
River Jones (born 1977), American musician
River Phoenix (1970–1993), American actor
Arts, entertainment, and media
Films and television
River (2007 film), a Canadian film by Mark Wihak
River (2011 film), a Japanese film
River (2015 Canadian film), a Canadian film by Jamie M. Dagg
River (2015 Tibetan film), a Tibetan film
River (TV series), a British television series
River, a 2022 Australian film by Jennifer Peedom
Music
Albums
River (Izzy Stradlin album), 2001
River (Terry Reid album)
River: The Joni Letters, a 2007 album by Herbie Hancock
River, a Japanese-language album by Hound Dog
Songs
"River" (Joni Mitchell song), 1971, covered by Ellie Goulding in 2019
"River" (Dragon song), 1988
"River" (AKB48 song), 2009
"River" (Bishop Briggs song), 2016
"River" (Eminem song), 2017
"River" (Krystian Ochman song), 2022
"River" (Pnau and Ladyhawke song), 2020
"River", by Gentle Giant from Octopus
"River", by Badger from One Live Badger
"River", by Enya from Watermark
"River", by Lights from The Listening
"River", by Grimes from Halfaxa
"River", by Emeli Sandé from Our Version of Events
"River", by Ibeyi from Ibeyi
"River", by Leon Bridges from Coming Home
"River", by Akron/Family from Set 'Em Wild, Set 'Em Free
"River", by Labi Siffre from his self-titled debut album
"River", by King Trigger
"River", by Tom Gregory
Sports
River (poker), a nickname for the final card dealt in certain variations of poker
River, nickname of the football team of Club Atlético River Plate, Argentina
LJ Volley, an Italian women's volleyball club based in Modena 2013-2016
River Volley, an Italian women's volleyball club based in Piacenza
Other uses
River (typography), unattractive gaps appearing to run down a paragraph of text
Kimfly River, a Slovenian paraglider design
See also
Rio (disambiguation)
Ríos (disambiguation)
Rive (disambiguation)
Rivers (disambiguation)
Rivier (disambiguation)
Rivière (disambiguation)
The River (disambiguation)
Unisex given names
David Fisher (December 3, 1794 – May 7, 1886) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.
Biography
David Fisher was born in Somerset County, Pennsylvania, and moved with his parents to Point Pleasant, Ohio in 1799.
He pursued preparatory studies and became a lay preacher and newspaper contributor. Fisher served as member of the State house of representatives in 1834 and later was an unsuccessful candidate for governor in 1844. In 1846 he was editor and proprietor of a newspaper in Wilmington, Ohio.
Fisher was elected as a Whig to the Thirtieth Congress (March 4, 1847 – March 3, 1849) and was not a candidate for renomination in 1848.
While in Congress he occupied a seat next to John Quincy Adams, who fell into his arms when stricken with paralysis. Fisher returned to Cincinnati, Ohio where he resumed newspaper activities and was city magistrate in 1849 and 1850.
He died near Mount Holly, Ohio, May 7, 1886 and is interred in Wesleyan Cemetery, Cincinnati, Ohio.
Sources
1794 births
1886 deaths
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
People from Somerset County, Pennsylvania
Politicians from Cincinnati
19th-century American newspaper publishers (people)
Whig Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
Journalists from Ohio
People from Clermont County, Ohio
Eilema aurantisquamata is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae. It is found in Kenya and Malawi.
References
aurantisquamata
Moths of Africa
Moths described in 1918
Carlos Jose Pareja Rios (born July 7, 1950) is a Peruvian diplomat currently serving as Peru's ambassador to the United States, having assumed the office in September 2016.
Education
Pareja earned a B.A. degree from the Pontifical Catholic University of Peru and a bachelor of laws from the University of San Martín de Porres.
Diplomatic career
Pareja started his diplomatic career as Political Counselor at the Embassy in Washington from 1984 to 1990. The next three years he was the director of South American affairs in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. From 1993 to 1997, he was a Minister-Counselor at the Embassy in Santiago, Chile.
After his service as Minister-Counselor at the Embassy in Santiago, Pareja returned to Peru and served as Chief of Cabinet for the Vice Minister of Foreign Affairs. The following year, he was appointed as National Director in the Directorate-General of Sovereignty and Border Development.In 2000, Pareja joined his first ambassadorial position in Madrid and in 2003 he was transferred to Switzerland, where he served in a similar position. In 2006, he returned to Lima and acted as Chief of protocol. From 2009 to 2014, Pareja served as Peru's ambassador to Chile. In 2014, he returned to the State Department as Director-General for the Americas. In 2015, he was transferred and continued to serve as Director-General in the Directorate-General for Africa, the Middle East and the Gulf Region.
Ambassador to the United States
Since 2016, Pareja has been the ambassador of Peru to the United States of America.
On the morning of April 20, 2022, Ambassador Rios called the Secret Service to report a man attempting to break into Rios' official residence in the Forest Hills neighborhood of Washington, D.C. The Uniformed Division shot and killed the man.
Personal life
Pareja is married with two children.
References
1950 births
Living people
Pontifical Catholic University of Peru alumni
Ambassadors of Peru
Ambassadors of Peru to Chile
Ambassadors of Peru to Switzerland
Ambassadors of Peru to the United States
Liberty Township is one of eighteen townships in Callaway County, Missouri, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 840.
Geography
Liberty Township today covers an area of , and while containing no incorporated towns, does include the unincorporated settlements of Hatton and Concord. The township includes one cemetery, named Concord, plus the streams of Fourmile Branch and Leeper Branch which are tributaries of Auxvasse Creek to the south.
History
Prior to the December 25, 1875 creation of Jackson Township, Liberty Township was much larger, and included the city of Auxvasse and the settlement of McCredie. This is significant for historical and genealogical research.
The map on the 2nd page of the atlas published in 1876 still shows the much larger Liberty Township boundaries, which had just been changed at the end of 1875. Whereas the map from 1930 shows a smaller Liberty Township, which appears to approximate today's boundaries.
References
External links
US-Counties.com
City-Data.com
Townships in Callaway County, Missouri
Jefferson City metropolitan area
Townships in Missouri
Mexico participated at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 to 18 September 2016. The country sent a 71-member delegation to the Games.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Medalists
Cycling
With one pathway for qualification being one highest ranked NPCs on the UCI Para-Cycling male and female Nations Ranking Lists on 31 December 2014, Mexico qualified for the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio, assuming they continued to meet all other eligibility requirements.
Equestrian
Through the Para Equestrian Individual Ranking List Allocation method, the country earned a pair of slots at the Rio Games for their two highest ranked equestrian competitors. These slots were irrespective of class ranking.
Football 5-a-side
Mexico national football 5-a-side football team qualified for the Rio Paralympics at the 2015 Parapan American Games after defeating Colombia in the bronze medal match in a game that went to penalty kicks. Argentina and Brazil, who finished ahead of them, had already qualified for Rio 2016.
Group B
7th–8th place match
Judo
With one pathway for qualification being having a top finish at the 2014 IBSA Judo World Championships, Mexico earned a qualifying spot in Rio base on the performance of Eduardo Avila Sanchez in the men's -81 kg event. The B3 Judoka finished first in his class.
See also
Mexico at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Mexican sports
Gabor Carelli (born as Krausz, Gábor Pál) (1915 – 22 January 1999) was a Hungarian classical tenor who had an important career in operas and concerts in North America during the mid-20th century. He was notably committed to the Metropolitan Opera in New York City from 1951 to 1974 where he gave a total of 1,079 performances. Music critic Elizabeth Forbes stated that he had "a lyrical voice, a stylish technique and an aptitude for comedy." In 1964 he joined the faculty of the Manhattan School of Music, where he taught singing and worked as an ensemble instructor until his death in Manhattan at the age of 83.
Life and career
Born in Budapest, Carelli was the son of Hungarian Jews. He studied singing at the Franz Liszt Academy of Music while simultaneously attending Eötvös Loránd University where he earned a law degree. He pursued further studies in opera in Rome where he was a pupil of Beniamino Gigli for two years.
Carelli made his stage debut in 1938 in Florence as Rodolfo in Giacomo Puccini's La bohème. He spent the next year performing in a variety of Italian theaters before moving to New York City in 1939. He spent the 1940s touring with various opera companies and performing as a recitalist and concert performer throughout North America. He was particularly admired for his work as a soloist in Giuseppe Verdi's Requiem, Gioachino Rossini's Stabat Mater, Zoltán Kodály's Psalmus Hungaricus, and Ludwig van Beethoven's Symphony No. 9. In 1951, he sang the role of Dr. Caius for an NBC Radio broadcast of Verdi's Falstaff with conductor Arturo Toscanini and the NBC Symphony Orchestra. The performance was re-issued on CD by the RCA music label in 2010. In 1952 he was the tenor soloist for the United States premiere of Puccini's Messa di Gloria in Chicago.
On 17 November 1951, Carelli made his debut at the Metropolitan Opera as Don Curzio in Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's The Marriage of Figaro with Cesare Siepi in the title role, Nadine Conner as Susanna, John Brownlee as Count Almaviva, Victoria de Los Angeles as Countess Almaviva, and Mildred Miller as Cherubino. He spent the next 23 years at the Met appearing in a variety of parts from supporting tenor buffo roles to leading roles. He portrayed a total of 56 different parts in 39 operas with some of his larger roles being Alfredo in La Traviata, the Captain in Wozzeck, Count Almaviva in The Barber of Seville, Count Elemer in Arabella, the Duke of Mantua in Rigoletto, Ernesto in Don Pasquale, Mario Cavaradossi in Tosca, Pinkerton in Madama Butterfly, Rodolfo, Tamino in The Magic Flute, and Tonio in La fille du régiment. However, he was more often seen at the house in smaller to mid-sized roles such as Abbé in Adriana Lecouvreur, Arturo Bucklaw in Lucia di Lammermoor, Gaston in La traviata, the Judge in Un ballo in maschera, Matteo Borsa in Rigoletto, Moser in Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg, Pong in Turandot, and Trin in La fanciulla del West. On 16 September 1966, he performed the role of the Soldier of Caesar in the world premiere of Samuel Barber's Antony and Cleopatra. His final performance at the Met was on 22 January 1974 as one of the Jews in Richard Strauss's Salome with Grace Bumbry in the title role.
Autobiography
Utam a Metropolitanbe [in Hungarian, 'My way to the Metropolitan'] Zeneműkiadó Budapest 1979 208 p.
Sources
Gabor Carelli, 83, Opera Singer, Allan Kozinn, The New York Times, January 27, 1999
Obituary: Gabor Carelli, Elizabeth Forbes, The Independent, 29 January 1999
Metropolitan Opera Archives
1915 births
1999 deaths
Hungarian operatic tenors
Manhattan School of Music faculty
Musicians from Budapest
Franz Liszt Academy of Music alumni
Eötvös Loránd University alumni
Hungarian Jews
Hungarian expatriates in the United States
20th-century Hungarian male opera singers
20th-century composers
James E. Fitzpatrick (July 9, 1908 – February 28, 1967) was an American politician who served as the 32nd Mayor of Burlington, Vermont.
Life
James E. Fitzpatrick was born in Burlington, Vermont on July 9, 1908 to Thomas W. Fitzpatrick and Mary E. Malloy.
On January 4, 1946 he was given the Democratic nomination for Ward Four's alderman seat and was elected without opposition. He would continue to serve on the board for thirteen years and during that time was elected as president of the board of aldermen.
On February 3, 1959 he announced his candidacy for Burlington's mayoralty and was given the Democratic nomination on February 7. Incumbent Republican Mayor C. Douglas Cairns chose to not run for reelection and Fitzpatrick defeated Paul C. Dorn in a landslide by 994 votes with 4,920 votes to 3,926 votes. During his tenure he and the board of alderman signed a petition asking President Eisenhower to review the order that would close the Ethan Allen Air Force Base. On March 7 Robert K. Bing unexpectedly defeated Fitzpatrick with 4,953 votes to 4,024 votes despite having never held an elected office nor being involved in city politics prior to the mayoral race.
On September 11, 1961 Fitzpatrick was appointed to Burlington's airport commission against the will of Mayor Bing and would continue to serve on the commission until his death. On June 24, 1964 he won the endorsement of the Chittenden County Democratic Committee to succeed John J. Burns as postmaster of Burlington, but never took the civil service examine and on August 25, 1965 announced that he would not accept the congressional appointment to the postmaster office. In 1967 he talked about the possibility of him returning to the board of aldermen, but on February 28, 1967 he suffered a heart attack and died.
References
|-
|-
|-
1908 births
1967 deaths
Mayors of Burlington, Vermont
Vermont Democrats
20th-century American politicians
Victoria Galvan (born 1986) is a singer and musician from Corpus Christi, Texas, US. She performs in the Tejano style as part of the ensemble Victoria y Sus Chikos (Victoria and Her Boys). She records on the Hacienda Records label.
Galvan is one of the few female Tejano vocalists to play the accordion herself as well as being the lead vocalist. She prefers and plays a Gabbanelli accordion. Victoria y Sus Chikos performed at the Tejano Conjunto Festival in San Antonio, Texas, in May 2000. She was featured in the 2001 documentary film Accordion Dreams, directed by Hector Galán, which explored the history of Tejano music.
Galvan received the Female Rising Star of the Year award at the Tejano Music Industry Awards in 2002. Since then she has released her third studio album, Cada Día Que Pasa. In April 2003, Victoria was a panelist on the subject "The Current Generation of Musica Tejana", at the Annual Conference of the Center for Mexican American Studies at the University of Houston.
Discography
All records are credited to Victoria y Sus Chikos, and released by Hacienda Records:
Preparate (2000)
Que Rico (2001)
Cada Día Que Pasa (2003)
References
External links
American musicians of Mexican descent
People from Corpus Christi, Texas
1986 births
Living people
Tejano pop musicians
Tejano accordionists
21st-century accordionists
21st-century American women musicians
21st-century American singers
21st-century American women singers
Hispanic and Latino American musicians
Hispanic and Latino American women singers
Jasmine is considered the queen of flowers and is called the "Belle of India" or the "Queen of fragrance" as it is exquisitely scented to soothe and refresh. In different parts of India it is called by different names—Mogra, Motia, Chameli, Malli puvvu, Jaati, Mulla, Mallige, Juhi, Mogra or Moonlight in the grove. It is reported that there are 300 varieties of jasmine. It is also stated that jasmine crossed the seas—from Asia to Europe, landing first along the Mediterranean Sea, conquering Greece and Turkey, reaching Western Europe through Spain, then France and Italy and finally landing in England in the latter part of the 17th century. (By the 18th century, jasmine scented gloves became popular in Britain).
Several species of jasmine are grown in Karnataka. Mysore Mallige Botanical name: Jasminum trifoliatum L.) of the family Oleaceae is the most popular among the three varieties of Jasmine endemic to Karnataka; the other two varieties being the Hadagali Mallige (Jasminum azoricum Vahl) and Udupi Mallige (Jasminum sambac (L.) Aiton). Famed worldwide for their fragrance, all the three flower varieties have been patented and registered under Intellectual Property Right. Madurai, a city in Tamil Nadu is famous for its Jasmine production, where it is named Madurai Malli.
Mysore Mallige (Jasminum sambac)
(Kannada: This is the most well-known variety, which derives its name since it is grown mostly around Mysore city and partly in Srirangapatna taluk in Mandya district in Karnataka state. The Jasmine's association with the city of Mysore, the royal city of palaces, patronized by the Wodeyar of the Kingdom of Mysore, because its fragrance is as powerful as the famous Dasara festival held every year in the city during October. Mallige grows in profusion in the open areas either in exclusive farmland, in front or at the backyard of houses.
Mysore Mallige, mostly grown in and around Mysore city is a viable crop for small farmers. Farmers reap two crops of this seasonal flower. Apart from the local market, the flower is in demand in parts of Kerala and Tamil Nadu.
Botanical description
The plant is a scandent, in height, branchless terete, or slightly compressed sometimes hollow, sparsely pubescent, leaves alternate, trifoliately compound; long, petiole is about long and it has small channel running in the middle, leaf blade ovate to ellipse, 4-8x2-3.5 cm thick, dark green in colour and nerves slightly raised beneath. Cymes, terminal, 1 to 5 flowered bracts subulate, 4–8 mm. Flowers are very fragrant. Pedicel . Calyx glabrous or sparsely pubescent; lobes 8-9 linear, 5–7 mm. Corolla tube is slightly pinkish, long petals pure white, lobes oblong to sub orbicular, 5–9 mm broad,. Berry is purple black, globose, about in diameter.
The sandy loam soil with comparatively high pH prevailing in the region (Mysore and surrounding areas) makes a congenial ground for growing this crop. The dry and warm weather with low humidity is good for the crop. Flowering starts during March–April and continues up to June–July, April –May being the peak season
The essential oil content in the flowers ranges from 0.24 to 0.42 per cent.
Principal Aromatic constituents
The principal aromatic components are Indol, Jasmone, Benzyl Acetate, Benzyl Benzoate, Methyl Anthranilate, Linalool & Geraniol. Its modern-day applications are in perfumery, cosmetics, Incense, Aroma Therapy and Ayurveda. It is also used externally to soothe dry and sensitive skin.
Hadagali Mallige (Jasminum azoricum)
Hadagali Mallige is known for its rich fragrance and shelf life. Locally known as "Vasane Mallige", (fragrant Jasmine), it is grown mainly in Hoovina Hadagali(Hadagali of Flowers)(Especial in Thippapur, Thimlapur,Honnour Village Around,Now Formers Going Towards Other economy jowar, paddy,sugarcan)and surrounding areas in Bellary district of Karnataka.
Botanical description
Plant is small shrub with little scandent nature. Leaves are simple, thick, margin folded upside, slightly pubescent. Flowers are borne in axillary chymes. Flower with long corolla tube around long. Petals 7, spreading, white in colour.
The sandy red soil prevailing in this region is ideal for cultivation of Hadgali Mallige. The dry weather and good water supply also adds to the congenial environment for the cultivation of this crop. It is propagated mainly through cuttings. Planted directly in the months of July–August on the onset of monsoon. The flowering season spreads up to six months.
Flowers are highly scented and possess good essential oil recovery (0.24 to 0.42%). The flowers are used for extraction of essential oil.
Udupi Mallige (Jasminum sambac)
The cultivation of Bhatkal Mallige is of relatively recent origin. Cultivation of this variety of jasmine started in Bhatkal and then Shankarapura in Udupi district about 100 years ago.
It is found extensively in Udupi, Dakshina Kannada and Uttara Kannada, and has been found more economically viable among all the three varieties. The flower is in high demand in places such as Mumbai, besides the coastal region.
"Mallige" An Android Application for Udupi Mallige Cultivators and Buyers
Mallige Android Application is available on Google Play Store developed by Tackyant team which shows daily prices decided by Jasmine Flower Cultivators association in Shankarapura, Udupi and this application also shows information on its cultivation, its fortification, various uses, diseases, prevention, remedies, plantation, fertilizer application, pest management, nutrition management, and harvesting and some interesting facts.
Link to download the application: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tackyant.mallige
Botanical description
Plant is a small and bushy with leaves of light green with yellowish shade, 5-7x2.5-3.5 cm, nerves slightly raised beneath, acute at both ends, entire, ovate-lanceolate. Flowers in cymose inflorescence and borne in the axils and also terminal. Calyx 6, petals 6–8, bracteate. Fruits are small, 0.4-0.5 mm in diameter.
The laterite soil condition of the region, high humidity and heavy rainfall (more than per annum) makes area suitable for growing this crop. Propagation is mainly by cuttings. Planting is done in the month August–September.
Uses
The flowers are used for garlands, especially at weddings and other auspicious occasions and for making garlands for worship of temples deities. Jasmine is widely cultivated for their flowers, enjoyed in the garden, as house plants, and as cut flowers. The flowers are worn by women in their hair in southern and southeast Asia.They are exported and thus highly remunerative to the farmers.
Its medician uses are as anti depressant, anti septic, anti Spasmodic, Aphrodisiac, Sedativeand Uterine.Jasmine.
Scent industry
Jasmine of the family Oleaceae constitutes a group of plants, which are commercially grown for their fragrant flowers and essential oil production. Jasmine oil is said to blend with every floral scent and hence extensively used as an important perfumery item throughout the world. Indole is one of the constituent of perfumery importance present in buds. It is highly volatile. Fully opened, freshly collected flowers during early morning hours are used for extraction. On an average, the essential oil recovery ranges from 0.24 to 0.42% and the concrete yield is about per hectare. Further on processing the concrete yields absolute to the extent of about 50% of the concrete production.
It is one of the key scents in some of the most celebrated perfumes in the world viz., the Chanel No. 5, created by the legendary Coco Chanel and the famous "Joy" perfume, created by the French designer Jean Patou. A single ounce, still known as the 'costliest perfume in the world", contains 10,600 jasmine flowers.
In scent industry the two main varieties used are the Jasminum grandiflorum and Jasminum sambac.
.
Export promotion and development
Jasmine is part of floriculture or flower farming, which is a discipline of horticulture concerned with the cultivation of flowering and ornamental plants for gardens and for floristry, comprising the floral industry. The development plant breeding of new varieties is a major occupation of floriculturists. Floriculture crops include bedding plants, flowering plants, foliage plants or houseplants, cut cultivated greens, and cut flowers. As distinguished from nursery crops, floriculture crops are generally herbaceous. Bedding and garden plants consist of young flowering plants (annuals and perennials) and vegetable plants. Flowers are mainly for export and this business is growing in the world at around 6-10 per cent per annum. India's share in the international market for these flowers is still negligible. However, Karnataka is in the limelight for floriculture right from the 18th century and is now the leader in floriculture, accounting for 75% of India's total flower production. The state has the highest area under modern cut flowers, and 40 flowers growing and exporting units. The country's first and only flower auction centre is located in Karnataka. As per statistics for the year 2003–04, out of a total area of under commercial flower crops, jasmine (the three varieties) accounts for 3,451 ha (about 19%) and the average yield of flowers is reported to be 6 tons/ha with a total production of 20,244 tons.
The floriculture fair is organized every year at Aalsmeer, which is Netherlands' flower district (attracts flower growers with their flowers, from all parts of the globe). Karnataka government is reported to be deputing a team of growers of Udupi Mallige, Hadagali Mallige and Mysore Mallige flower to the Netherlands to attend the international floricultural meet. The department's strategy is to create a platform at the fair where women (three from each region) would string the flowers, thereby attracting the attention of the foreign visitors'. The act of deftly stringing jasmines flowers is an art which has been mastered by women growers.
Jasmine absolute
Absolute is the solvent extracted product of Jasmine. It is rendered through the process explained by Mandy Aftel, quoted below. The solvent extracts are supplied from the Jasmine extraction units located in South India where several thousand acres of Jasmine farms exist in Karnataka and Tamil Nadu.
Geographical Indication (GI)
A Geographical Indication or a GI is the protection given to a reputable product, either man-made or natural, if the applicant can conclusively prove that the unique character, reputation of the product is attributable to a specific quality attributable to only the geographical region where the product is produced and which may not be replicated to the same standard in any other region. As the French and the Scottish people would swear both these types of liquors are highly unique in their taste; the uniqueness being attributable to the soil, climate, cultivating practices of their respective geographical regions. The logic of protecting them as a GI is quite similar (but not same) to that of a trademark with the important distinction that GI protection is a community right i.e. it is given to all manufacturers/producers of a product in a certain designated area if their products meet the certifications standards laid down by a collective society. To get a GI protection reputation has to be proved before registration. GI is defined both in the TRIPS & in the Indian ‘The Geographical Indication of Goods (Registration and Protection) Act, 1999'.
The state of Karnataka, claimed the GI protection based on the special qualities of the Mallige flowers (jasmines) particular to the region – the "Mysore Mallige", the "Udupi Mallige" and "Hadagali Mallige"- as they fully met the criteria laid down under the Act. The criteria considered were the following.
Unique quality – The unique factor is that the volatile oil (essential oil) content is comparatively lower in this variety.
Attribution: The dry sandy soil prevailing in the region around Hadagali taluk is responsible for the particular aroma of this flower, while the dry climate (low/sparse rainfall) adds to the favourable environment for the crop.
Reputation: The flower is in high demand in places such as Mumbai, besides the coastal region. It has an export potential as it is in demand in West Asia.
An expert committee headed by the Controller-General of Patents, Design and trademarks attached to the Union Ministry of Commerce and Industry,India, who also act as the Registrar of GI approved the GI patent to the three flowers, varieties of jasmine, in September 2007. An entry to the Geographical Indications Registry provides exclusive rights to the local community to cultivate the crop for 10 years. With this GI tag or patent nobody outside this specific geographical region will be allowed to sell under the same name. Besides the community ownership of the crop, the Horticulture Department offers technical assistance, brand development and market assistance to the growers of the crop registered under GI. With the GI tag the bond between Mysore city and the Mallige (jasmine) flower has now grown stronger.
“Flowers are placed on racks in a hermetically sealed container. A liquid solvent, usually hexane, is circulated over the flowers to dissolve the essential oils. This produces a solid waxy paste called a “concrete”. The concrete is then repeatedly treated with pure alcohol (ethanol) which dissolves the wax and yields the highly aromatic liquid known as an absolute. This method is also used for extracting resins and balsams and for rendering the animal essences, such as civet, musk, ambergris and castoreum”.
(source: Mandy Aftel, Essence and Alchemy".
Poems and films
The Jasmine flower with the name tag 'Mysore Mallige' has been extolled over the past century by poets, novelists and theatre artist of Karnataka. The Late K S Narasimhaswamy, well known as Mallige Kavi (poet), immortalized the name "Mysore Mallige". His poetry collection Mysooru Mallige (1942) is considered one of the best literary works in the Kannada language and has seen 27 reprints.
This collection of poems has inspired the movie made by T.S. Nagabharana and also a musical play by Kalagangothri "Mysooru Mallige". He has adopted popular singers P. Kalinga Rao, Mysore Ananthaswamy and C. Ashwath who have popularised poems of Narasimhaswamy both in the movies and the theatre.
See also
Jasmine
Mysore Mallige (film)
References
Mandy Aftel, Essence and Alchemy: A Natural History of Perfume, Gibbs Smith, 2001,
External links
Karnataka
Flora of Karnataka
Geographical indications in Karnataka
The Second Council of Braga, held in 572, presided over by Martin of Braga, was held to increase the number of bishops in Galaecia. Twelve bishops assisted at this council, and ten decrees were promulgated: (1) that the bishops should in their visitations see in what manner the priests celebrated the Holy Sacrifice and administered baptism and the other sacraments, thanking God if they found everything as it should be, and instructing the priests if they were found wanting in knowledge, and obliging all catechumens to attend instructions for twenty days before baptism and to learn the creed; (2) that the bishop must not be tyrannical towards his priests; (3-4) that no fee must be accepted for Holy orders, and the holy chrism must be distributed free; (5-6) that the bishop must not ask a fee for consecrating a church, that no church should be consecrated without the bishop being sure of the endowment of the ministers, and that no church built on private property for the purpose of emolument should receive consecration; (8) that if a cleric should accuse any one of unchastity without the evidence of two or three witnesses he should be excommunicated; (9) that the metropolitan should announce the date of Easter, and have it made known to the people after Christmas, so that they might be prepared for the beginning of Lent, when litanies were to be recited for three days; on the third day the Lenten fast should be announced after the Mass; (10) that any one saying Mass without fasting, as many did, as a result of Priscillianist tendencies, should be deprived of his office. This council was attended by the bishops of the suffragan sees of Braga, and by those of the Diocese of Lugo, and Pope Innocent III removed all doubt as to its authenticity.
See also
Councils of Braga
Sources
Ferreiro, Alberto. "Braga and Tours: Some Observations on Gregory's De virtutibus sancti Martini." Journal of Early Christian Studies. 3 (1995), p. 195–210.
Thompson, E. A. "The Conversion of the Spanish Suevi to Catholicism." Visigothic Spain: New Approaches. ed. Edward James. Oxford: Oxford University Press, 1980. .
External links
Synodus Bracarensis secunda, minutes from the Collectio Hispana Gallica Augustodunensis (Vat. lat. 1341)
Councils of Braga from the Catholic Encyclopedia
6th-century church councils
2
572
6th century in Hispania
This is a list of members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly between the 1908 elections and the 1911 elections, together known as the Seventh Parliament.
Notes
Following the 1908 state election, Ministerial member Henry Gregory, who had won the seat of Menzies by just 7 votes against Labor's Richard Buzacott, faced a by-election after a petition was lodged against his return. He was returned at the by-election on 20 November 1908 with a majority of 56 votes against the same opponent.
The member for Murray, John McLarty, died on 6 January 1909. William George, a former member for Murray, won the resulting by-election on 4 February 1909.
James Mitchell, member for Northam, was appointed by Premier Newton Moore as Minister for Lands and Agriculture on 14 May 1909. Mitchell was therefore required to resign and contest a ministerial by-election on 3 June 1909, in which he was successful.
John Nanson, member for Greenough, was appointed by Premier Newton Moore as Minister for Education and Attorney-General in June 1909. Nanson was therefore required to resign and submit to a ministerial by-election on 8 July 1909, at which he was returned unopposed.
The Ministerial member for Albany, Edward Barnett, resigned in September 1909. The Labor candidate, William Price, won the resulting by-election on 17 September 1909.
On 26 October 1909, Frederick Henry Piesse resigned his seat of Katanning. His brother Arnold Piesse was returned unopposed at the resulting by-election on 12 November 1909.
Peter O'Loghlen, the Labor member for Forrest, resigned his seat in March 1910 to contest the seat of Swan at the 1910 federal election on 13 April. Dennis Jones, the Labor candidate and president of the Amalgamated Timber Association, was elected unopposed on 23 March 1910, but resigned on 20 June before being sworn in. O'Loghlen contested a second by-election for Forrest on 8 July 1910, at which he was successful.
On 21 May 1910, James Price died, leaving the seat of Fremantle vacant. William Murphy was elected at the resulting by-election on 9 June 1910.
On 18 June 1910, William Butcher, the member for Gascoyne, resigned in consequence of having sold some land to the Government at Avondale Estate near Beverley. He was returned unopposed in the resulting by-election when nominations closed on 28 June 1910.
On 12 April 1910, the member for Beverley, John Marquis Hopkins, was jailed for five years for uttering. On 28 July, his seat was formally declared vacant by means of disqualification from membership of the Legislative Assembly, and Nat Harper won the resulting by-election on 15 August 1910.
Henry Daglish, member for Subiaco, was appointed by the new Premier Frank Wilson as Minister for Works on 16 September 1910. Daglish was therefore required to resign and submit to a ministerial by-election, at which he was returned unopposed when nominations closed on 24 September 1910.
The Ministerial member for Bunbury, former Premier Newton Moore, resigned on 13 February 1911 after being appointed Agent-General of Western Australia in London. The Labor candidate, William Lemen Thomas, won the resulting by-election on 1 March 1911, but as the last sitting of the Seventh Parliament had concluded, he did not take up his seat until being re-elected at the general election on 3 October.
Sources
Western Australian Government Gazettes for 1909, 1910 and 1911; Indexed under "Electoral".
Members of Western Australian parliaments by term
March 2000 passed without presidential action. New legislative elections were ultimately rescheduled for October 2001. Because of funding problems and disagreements between the government and opposition, the elections were again delayed, this time until March 2002.
In May 2002 the government scrapped CENI, blaming the opposition for its inability to function. In its stead, the government appointed seven magistrates to oversee preparations for legislative elections. Not surprisingly, the opposition announced it would boycott them. Held in October, as a result of the opposition's boycott the government party won more than two-thirds of the seats in the National Assembly. In December 2002, Eyadéma's government used this rubber-stamp parliament to amend Togo's constitution, allowing President Eyadéma to run for an “unlimited” number of terms. A further amendment stated that candidates must reside in the country for at least 12 months before an election, a provision that barred the participation in the upcoming presidential election of popular Union des Forces du Progrès (UFC) candidate, Gilchrist Olympio, who had been in exile since 1992. The presidential election was held June 1. President Eyadéma was re-elected with 57% of the votes, amid allegations of widespread vote rigging.
Death of Eyadéma and Gnassingbé's rise
President Eyadéma died on February 5, 2005 while on board an airplane en route to France for treatment for a heart attack. His son Faure Gnassingbé, the country's former minister of public works, mines, and telecommunications, was named President by Togo's military following the announcement of his father's death. Under international pressure from the African Union and the United Nations however, who both denounced the transfer of power from father to son as a coup, Gnassingbé was forced to step down on February 25, 2005, shortly after accepting the nomination to run for elections in April. Deputy Speaker Bonfoh Abbass was appointed interim president until the inauguration of the April 24 election winner. As to official results, the winner of the election was Gnassingbé who garnered 60% of the vote. Opposition leader Emmanuel Bob-Akitani however disputed the election and declared himself to be the winner with 70% of the vote. After the announcement of the results, tensions flared up and to date, 100 people have been killed. On May 3, 2005, Gnassingbé was sworn in and vowed to concentrate on "the promotion of development, the common good, peace and national unity".
In August 2006 President Gnassingbe and members of the opposition signed the Global Political Agreement (GPA), bringing an end to the political crisis triggered by Gnassingbe Eyadema's death in February 2005 and the flawed and violent electoral process that followed. The GPA provided for a transitional unity government whose primary purpose would be to prepare for benchmark legislative elections, originally scheduled for June 24, 2007. CAR opposition party leader and human rights lawyer Yawovi Agboyibo was appointed Prime Minister of the transitional government in September 2006. Leopold Gnininvi, president of the CDPA party, was appointed minister of state for mines and energy. The third opposition party, UFC, headed by Gilchrist Olympio, declined to join the government, but agreed to participate in the national electoral commission and the National Dialogue follow-up committee, chaired by Burkina Faso President Blaise Compaore.
Parliamentary elections are set to take place on October 14, 2007, and Olympio, who has returned from exile to campaign, is taking part for the first time in 17 years. More than 3,000 national and international observers are monitoring the poll.
References
Togo
Togo
Louis Gordon (born 1965) is an English musician notable for his collaboration with John Foxx. He has worked with Foxx on a number of albums since 1995. His solo work has also been released on the Toffeetones record label.
Biography
John Foxx had met Louis Gordon after watching one of his concerts. The concert was at Berrington Hall, near Shrewsbury and was in aid of Louis' birthday (in January 1995). Gordon was said to be "blown away" by their meeting. He was later contacted by Foxx, who asked about making a record together. Their first recording was made in Manchester.
Gordon began playing the drums as a child, later progressing to bass guitar and guitar. He now predominantly plays keyboards and guitar doing one-man shows with guest appearances by friends.
Discography
Solo
Louis Gordon – The Man with No Fame (self-released, 2004)
Louis Gordon - Closed Gone Fishing (self-released, 2005)
Louis Gordon – Tell Your Mum I Saved Your Life (self-released, 2006)
Louis Gordon - Deep Electric Blue (Black Spot, 2006)
Louis Gordon - Goodbye Walnut Road (Northern Star, 2007)
Louis Gordon - Blind Anorexic (Toffeetones, 2008)
Louis Gordon – E.S.T. (Electric Shock Treatment) (Toffeetones, 2009)
Louis Gordon - The Motion Picture Event of the Year (Toffeetones, 2009)
John Foxx & Louis Gordon
Shifting City (1997)
Exotour 97 (1997)
Subterranean Omnidelic Exotour (1998)
The Pleasures of Electricity (2001)
Crash and Burn (2003)
Drive EP (2003)
Live from a Room (As Big as a City) (2006)
From Trash (2006)
Sideways (2006)
Impossible (2008)
Neuro Video (2008)
Gordon & Gunn
Gordon & Gunn - The Shortwave Sessions
External links
Louis Gordon Official MySpace Page
1965 births
British synth-pop musicians
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
English keyboardists
Musicians from Manchester
Lucia Ondrušová (born 10 May 1988) is a former Slovak football midfielder, who last played for Sparta Prague in the Czech Women's First League.
Career
Ondrušová previously played for Hellas Verona, and she has also played for PVFA Bratislava and Slovan Bratislava in the Slovak First League, Sparta Prague and Bohemians Prague in the Czech Women's First League, FC Neunkirch, FC Basel
in the Nationalliga A and 1. FC Köln in the Bundesliga.
She was a member of the Slovak national team. On 18 February 2021, Ondrušová became first Slovak women footballer, who reach 100 caps for Slovak national team, in a 4–0 win in a friendly match against Malta.
Career statistics
Career honours
Club
Neunkirch
Nationalliga A (1): 2017
Swiss Women's Cup (1): 2017
Bohemians Prague
Czech Women's Second League (1): 2012–13
Sparta Prague
Czech Women's First League (5): 2007–08, 2008–09, 2009–10, 2010–11, 2011–12
Czech Women's Cup (5): 2007–08, 2008–09, 2009–10, 2010–11, 2011–12
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Women's association football midfielders
Slovak women's footballers
Slovakia women's international footballers
ŠK Slovan Bratislava (women) players
AC Sparta Praha (women) players
FK Bohemians Prague (Střížkov) players
FC Neunkirch players
FC Basel Frauen players
Serie A (women's football) players
Hellas Verona Women players
1. FC Köln (women) players
Slovak expatriate footballers
Slovak expatriate sportspeople in the Czech Republic
Expatriate women's footballers in the Czech Republic
Slovak expatriate sportspeople in Switzerland
Expatriate women's footballers in Switzerland
Slovak expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Expatriate women's footballers in Italy
Slovak expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Expatriate women's footballers in Germany
Swiss Women's Super League players
Frauen-Bundesliga players
Czech Women's First League players
FIFA Century Club
Footballers from Bratislava
Orexigen Therapeutics is a public American pharmaceutical company focused on development of treatments for obesity. The company is based in La Jolla, California and was established by Eckard Weber in 2002. As a public company, Orexigen is traded on the NASDAQ exchange under the stock symbol OREX.
The company has a single product, Contrave, approved for use in the United States in 2014. Contrave was designed not only to curb hunger but also reduce cravings. Observation of the market performance of Qsymia and Belviq suggest overall low demand for pharmaceutical obesity therapies, calling into question earnings potential for Orexigen's offering.
Orexigen declared bankruptcy in 2018 and was sold to Nalpropion.
References
Health care companies based in California
Pharmaceutical companies established in 2002
Pharmaceutical companies of the United States
Companies listed on the Nasdaq
2002 establishments in California
Cape Torson () is a point at the east side of Posadowsky Bay on the coast of Antarctica. First mapped from air photos taken by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump, 1946–47. Remapped by the Soviet expedition 1956, who named it after Lieutenant K.P. Torson, of the ship Vostok in the Bellingshausen expedition 1819–21.
Headlands of Kaiser Wilhelm II Land
This is a list of the members of the second parliament of the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly, which operated from 1992 to 1995. It was the last to be elected under the one-electorate modified D'Hondt method, before the Territory was divided up into three electorates, as per the current system.
Helen Szuty was elected on the Moore Independents Group ticket, but sat in the Assembly as an independent.
Liberal member Lou Westende resigned on 25 July 1994. The vacancy was filled by Liberal Bill Stefaniak.
See also
1992 Australian Capital Territory general election
Members of Australian Capital Territory parliaments by term
20th-century Australian politicians
The Andorra women's national football team () represents Andorra in women's association football and is controlled by the Andorran Football Federation, the governing body for football in Andorra.
History
Background and development
With a FIFA trigramme of AND and having become FIFA-affiliated in 1996, the national association did not respond to a survey about the status of women's football in the country. In May of the following year, the official who answered another survey from FIFA reckoned that there were 37 active female players, all described as "100% beginners/amateurs". It was further suggested women's football had begun that year in Andorra and that there had been no previous interest in any women's sport. There was no participation in national or international competitions, though three women were employed in the association.
As of 2009, the programme was geared for young girls with player registration starting at the age of six. There were only six women's teams in the country, all for girls under the age of sixteen and includes a national and schools competition. There is also a national women's competition that took place in 2010–11. 16% of the money from the FIFA Financial Assistance Programme (FAP) is targeted at the technical development of the game, which includes women's football, sport medicine and futsal. This compares to 48% for youth football and 25% for infrastructure.
Between 1991 and 2010, there was no FIFA FUTURO III regional course for women's coaching, no women's football seminar held in the country and no FIFA MA course held for women/youth football.
As part of the development of the national team, the Andorran Football Federation has a club in the Spanish women's league system with the name of ENFAF, currently competing in the fourth tier.
The team
On 1 July 2014, the senior team played its first international game in the UEFA Development Tournament celebrated in Gibraltar. Andorra defeated Gibraltar by 1–0, scored by Alba at the 61st minute. The next day, they played its second international game, losing against Luxembourg by 4–0.
On 18 December 2014, UEFA announced Andorra would take part in the UEFA Women's Euro 2017 qualifying. This was their debut competitive match at female football. In its first official game, the team lost 3–5 to Malta. Andorra finished the preliminary round with two more defeats against Faroe Islands by 0–8 and Georgia by 0–7.
On 30 June 2016, the Andorran Football Federation announced José Antonio Martín as the new head coach of the women's national team.
On 18 September 2021, Andorra achieved its second win ever after defeating Liechtenstein in a friendly match by 4–2. Teresa Morató scored a hat-trick, while the fourth goal was netted by Erica Gonçalves.
Team image
Kits and crest
Kit suppliers
Results and fixtures
The following is a list of match results in the last 12 months, as well as any future matches that have been scheduled.
Legend
2021
2022
Head-to-head record
Season to season (ENFAF)
This is a list of the performances of ENFAF, the Andorran Football Federation's team in the Spanish women's league system.
Coaching staff
Current coaching staff
Manager history
Joan Carles Ruiz (2014–2016)
José Antonio Martín (2016–)
Players
Current squad
The following are some of the players who were called up for a friendly away match against Gibraltar on 16 February 2022.
Caps and goals accurate up to and including 18 April 2021.
Recent call-ups
The following players have been called up to a squad in the past 12 months.
Records
Friendly games are not included in records
Most capped players
Top goalscorers
Competitive record
FIFA Women's World Cup
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
UEFA Women's Championship
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
See also
Andorra women's national under-17 football team
References
External links
Official website
UEFA
FIFA
European women's national association football teams
The Memphis Grizzlies are an American professional basketball team based in Memphis, Tennessee. The Grizzlies play in the Southwest Division of the Western Conference of the National Basketball Association (NBA). The team was founded in Vancouver, British Columbia in 1995 along with the Toronto Raptors as part of the NBA's expansion into Canada. The Grizzlies and the Raptors became the first non-United States teams to join the NBA since 1946. After spending six seasons in Vancouver, the Grizzlies relocated to Memphis in the . The Grizzlies have played their home games at the FedExForum since 2004. The Grizzlies were owned by Michael Heisley and several locals including J. R. Hyde, Andy Cates, and Elliot Perry.
There have been 11 head coaches for the Grizzlies franchise. The franchise's first head coach was Brian Winters, who coached for two seasons. Lionel Hollins is the franchise's all-time leader in regular-season games coached (415), and the franchise's all-time leader in regular-season game wins (214). Hubie Brown is the only Grizzlies head coach to have won the NBA Coach of the Year Award. Brown was inducted into the Basketball Hall of Fame as a contributor, in 2005. Tony Barone and Marc Iavaroni have spent their entire NBA head coaching careers with the Grizzlies. Iavaroni was fired by the Grizzlies on January 22, 2009. Hollins was named as Iavaroni's successor, though Johnny Davis was the head coach for two games before Hollins' third term with the team. On May 7, 2016, Dave Joerger was fired by the Grizzlies. On May 29, 2016, David Fizdale was hired by the Grizzlies. Fizdale was fired on November 27, 2017.
Key
Coaches
Note: Statistics are correct through the end of the .
Notes
A person who has made a significant contribution to the game of basketball.
A running total of the number of coaches of the Grizzlies. Thus, any coach who has two or more separate terms as head coach is only counted once.
Each year is linked to an article about that particular NBA season.
References
General
Specific
Lists of National Basketball Association head coaches by team
Head coaches
The Other Side... Demos and Rarities is the second compilation extended play by UK-based pop act Shakespears Sister, released in May 2013 exclusively through the newly re-opened digital store on the act's official website.. The seven-track EP consists of demos, remixes, and previously never-heard unreleased songs.
Track listing
References
2011 EPs
Shakespears Sister albums
Kavir, or ambiguously Biyabanaki, is a group of Western Iranian languages spoken in the Kavir valley in central Iran.
The Kavir languages are Farvi (~500 speakers), Garma'i (10 speakers), Khuri, and Iraji (6 speakers).
Farvi
Farvi is a language spoken in the village of Kaviz. Despite being classified as Northwestern Iranian, it shares certain similarities with Southwestern languages. Further, it shares some sound changes with Balochi and Kurdish which distinguish them from other Northwestern languages.
References
Western Iranian languages
Maranacook Lake is a lake in Kennebec County, Maine located in the towns of Readfield and Winthrop. The lake covers with a maximum depth of and a mean depth of . It is one of the major bodies of water in the Winthrop Lakes Region.
Water supply
Maranacook Lake serves as the secondary drinking water supply for Winthrop, Maine. The area around Maranacook Lake that is not developed is mainly forest and fairly level ground used for agriculture. Maranacook Lake is fed primarily by four perennial streams: Tingley Brook from the northeast, Beaver Brook from the east, Roseanne Brook from the west, and Dead Stream from the northwest. Dead Stream is the main outlet from Torsey Pond to Maranacook Lake's west. Annabessacook Lake is the main outlet, but the lake also feeds Cobbosseecontee Lake and Cobbosseecontee Stream, as well as the Kennebec River.
Recreation
A popular and historic recreation area and tourist attraction, Maranacook is heavily developed with many summer homes, rental cabins, and year-round residences. Known as one of the cleanest bodies of water in Maine, the lake belongs to the Cobbossee Watershed, and is monitored by the Maranacook Lake Association. The North Basin in Readfield is roughly 700 acres and shallow, with a homothermous quality. The roughly 1,000 acre South Basins in Winthrop is deeper and colder. Maranacook Lake Upper Dam is a recent addition to the area. Constructed in 1995, the concrete dam is found at the southeastern tail of the lake in Winthrop. The dam's creation has helped regulate water levels as well as in associated local bodies of water, and it has slowed erosion on the shores of the lake.
Fishing
The lake is known for its populations of smallmouth and largemouth bass, and smelt.
Camp
The lake is home to the popular day camp in Readfield, Camp KV.
References
External links
Survey and Map from State of Maine
Winthrop Lakes Region Chamber of Commerce
Lakes of Kennebec County, Maine
Winthrop, Maine
Reservoirs in Maine
OluTimehin Kukoyi (née Adegbeye) (born 3 October 1991) is a Nigerian writer, essayist and public intellectual. Her work concentrates on questions of gender, sexuality, urbanism and feminism. She also writes fiction.
Career
Kukoyi regularly writes about politics, gender and other social issues on This Is Africa, Africa Is A Country, Bella Naija, and other publications. Her writing has been published in different languages, notably English, Japanese and Norwegian. She is a stringer for the Norwegian magazine Bistandsaktuelt and has also been published by Klassekampen. Her work in Norwegian has been used as background for textbooks for Norwegian junior colleges.
Kukoyi was a speaker at TEDGlobal in 2017, where she gave her talk 'Who Belongs in a City?". The talk was eventually selected by TED lead curator Chris Anderson as one of the ten most notable talks of the year. In 2015, she participated in the Farafina Trust's Creative Writing Workshop in Lagos. She is an alumna of the FEMRITE workshop in Uganda (2014) and the BRITDOC Queer Impact Producers Lab (2017).
OluTimehin Kukoyi is a prominent figure among Nigerian and African feminists of her generation. Through her website, blog, Twitter, journalism, public speaking and online activism, she has gained a wide readership among feminists and activists. She is known for the way she combines her experiences as a queer person and mother in Nigerian society with gender theory and social struggles. Besides the TED stage, she has also spoken at global conferences like the AWID forum, the inaugural Urban 20 Summit, the Oslo Urban Arena, the Women Deliver Conference and the Up Close and Liveable festival, as well as at various universities.
She was awarded the 2019 Gerald Kraak Prize for her nonfiction piece "Mothers and Men".
She was a staff writer at The Correspondent, working as the 'Othering Correspondent' until the digital publication shut down in January 2021.
OluTimehin is the co-founder of Square, a creative consultancy based in Lagos, Nigeria.
References
17. Othering Correspondent -OlutimehinAdegbeye TheCorrespondent, Retrieved 2020-11-20
External links
www.olukukoyi.com. Official website
1991 births
Living people
Nigerian writers
Nigerian activists
Place of birth missing (living people)
Petula Clark's Hit Parade is a compilation album of Clark's biggest hits to date. This unofficial 'greatest hits' album released on Clark's British label Pye, was only released in the UK however. The US wouldn't see a 'greatest hits' until Warner Bros. released Petula Clark's Greatest Hits, Vol. 1 at the end of 1968. Two of Clark's hit singles, previously unreleased on an LP were included on the Hit Parade album; "Round Every Corner" (#21 US) and "You'd Better Come Home" (#22 US). The album is largely a collection of Tony Hatch's arrangements and songwriting.
Track listing
Personnel
Petula Clark - lead vocals
Tony Hatch - arranger, orchestra director
Johnny Harris - arranger, orchestra director
Charts
Petula Clark albums
1966 greatest hits albums
Albums conducted by Johnny Harris (musician)
Albums conducted by Tony Hatch
Albums arranged by Tony Hatch
Albums produced by Tony Hatch
Pye Records compilation albums
The cavernous nerve plexus (also called the Walther plexus) is situated below and medial to that part of the internal carotid artery which is placed by the side of the sella turcica in the cavernous sinus, and is formed chiefly by the medial division of the internal carotid nerve.
It communicates with the oculomotor, the trochlear, the ophthalmic and the abducent nerves, and with the ciliary ganglion, and distributes filaments to the wall of the internal carotid artery.
The branch of communication with the oculomotor nerve joins that nerve at its point of division; the branch to the trochlear nerve joins it as it lies on the lateral wall of the cavernous sinus; other filaments are connected with the under surface of the ophthalmic nerve; and a second filament joins the abducent nerve.
Additional images
References
Nerve plexus
The 2008 South American Under-20 Women's Football Championship was the third edition of South American under-20 women's football championship. It was held from 7 to 23 March 2008 in Porto Alegre and Bagé, Brazil. Team Brazil won this championship for the third time in a row.
First round
Group A
Group B
Final round
References
2008
Women
International women's association football competitions hosted by Brazil
2008 in women's association football
South
2008 in youth association football
Atout cœur à Tokyo pour OSS 117 (English: Trump-Card in the Heart of Tokyo for OSS 117) is a 1966 French Eurospy spy-fi film. It was the fourth OSS 117 film of the 1960s, directed by Michel Boisrond, presented by the director of the three previous 1960's OSS films, André Hunebelle and produced by Paul Cadéac. Frederick Stafford makes his second and last appearance as OSS 117.
The film was shot on Japanese locations and featured action scenes arranged by Hunebelle's stunt coordinator Claude Carliez with production design by Max Douy.
Though based on Jean Bruce's character, the film features an original story by the first James Bond director Terence Young. The film was released a year before the James Bond film You Only Live Twice and has some similarities to that film and the future James Bond film The Spy Who Loved Me as well as previous 007 films such as Thunderball.
Plot
The film begins with a pre-credits sequence of Secret Agent OSS 117, Colonel Hubert Bonisseur de La Bath (Frederick Stafford) chased by two cars containing enemy agents. OSS 117 manages to blow up both of the vehicles and escape by helicopter. He discovers that his unsuccessful assignment was to obtain information from an agent who had been killed providing information about a mysterious criminal organisation called "The Organisation". OSS 117's superior, Mr Smith briefs him that The Organisation has informed the U.S. State Department that they have a missile that can strike its target undetected and demand $100 Million Dollars as extortion to not use the weapon. As undeniable proof on their intentions and capabilities, they have destroyed an American military base somewhere in Asia presumably with a nuclear weapon.
OSS 117 attends a briefing of American Defence Chiefs who view satellite footage of the destruction of the base that show an American F-107 in the vicinity that may have launched a missile that delivered the device that obliterated the installation. When the military personnel state that no F-107 was in the air or in the area at the time, OSS 117 speculates that it may have been a miniature replica of an F-107 that obliterated the base.
Mr Smith tells OSS 117 that their man in Japan Mr Ralston has provided a report of miniature fighters being developed and to keep an eye on an American embassy employee named Eva Wilson (Marina Vlady). Ralston has vanished but OSS 117 arranges to meet Eva posing as her husband John Wilson who is in Washington. Eva says that she has been blackmailed due to her being drugged and being photographed in bed with a man who was not her husband. Eva provided radio codes of the American base that had been destroyed that allowed The Organisation's secret weapon to destroy the installation.
OSS 117 places a covert listening device inside Eva's dress and arranges to monitor her when she meets her blackmail contact. He loses his reception with Eva when unknown to him Eva rips off her listening device. In attempting to follow her, OSS 117 ends up visiting a strip club, has a fight with a large martial arts expert and meets a Japanese bar girl. The latter two are agents of the Japanese Secret Service that team up with OSS 117 on the case. With no progress in the assignment, OSS 117 is told that the ransom will have to be paid, but he continues observing Eva on his own time.
The real John Wilson (Henri Serre) returns to Eva with OSS 117 following him to reveal that he is a member of The Organisation. Observing that Wilson and Eva going to sea on a small craft, he follows and observes the small craft from an airplane. He sees the craft enter the opening doors of a large cargo ship. OSS 117 parachutes into the water and climbs the side of the ship using a grappling hook mounted on a spear gun. On board he discovers a control room that sends the miniature fighters (that are atomic weapons) to American military bases where due to their size they are undetected by radar. OSS 117 and Eva take on the Organisation...
Cast
Frederick Stafford as Hubert Bonisseur de La Bath, alias OSS 117
Marina Vlady as Eva Wilson
Henri Serre as John Wilson
Colin Drake as Babcock
Jitsuko Yoshimura as Tetsuko
Valéry Inkijinoff as Yekota
Jacques Legras as Mister Chan
Billy Kearns as Mister Smith
Mario Pisu as Vargas
Hiroshi Nihonyanagi as Secret Service Chief
Hiroshi Minami as Martial Arts Expert
References
External links
1966 films
1960s spy thriller films
Films set in Japan
Films shot in Japan
1960s French-language films
French spy thriller films
French sequel films
Films about nuclear war and weapons
Films directed by Michel Boisrond
Japan in non-Japanese culture
1960s French films
The Lewis and Clark National Historical Park (including the former Fort Clatsop National Memorial), located in the vicinity of the mouth of the Columbia River, commemorates the Lewis and Clark Expedition. Administration of the park, which includes both federal and state lands, is a cooperative effort of the National Park Service and the states of Oregon and Washington. The National Historical Park was dedicated on November 12, 2004.
After reaching the Pacific Ocean, the Corps of Discovery camped at Fort Clatsop in the winter of 1805–1806. The park features a replica of the fort and a nearby visitor center. Also included in the park are several sites on the north bank of the river in Washington and other sites in Oregon.
Lewis and Clark National Historical Park
The federal park began as Fort Clatsop National Memorial which was established on May 29, 1958. The memorial was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 15, 1966. On October 30, 2004, it was redesignated Lewis and Clark National Historical Park with expanded jurisdiction over multiple sites, including:
Fort Clatsop
Fort to Sea Trail (dedicated on November 14, 2005)
Netul Landing
Salt Works
Station Camp/Middle Village
Clark's Dismal Nitch
Oregon State Parks
Ecola State Park
Ecola State Park was the site of the Corps of Discovery's 1806 trek over difficult terrain to see a beached whale. Today, it features several miles of hiking trails through old-growth forest and several beaches. Haystack Rock and the Needles are visible from many sites in the park.
Fort Stevens State Park
Fort Stevens, with its park, offers exploration of history, nature, and recreational opportunities. The fort was the Oregon component of the three-fort Harbor Defense Command area at the mouth of the Columbia River (Fort Canby and Fort Columbia were the other two).
Sunset Beach State Recreation Site
Sunset Beach is the terminus of the Fort To Sea Trail, which begins in Fort Clatsop. Sunset Beach also provides visitors with direct access to the Pacific Ocean with expansive views from Cape Disappointment to the north and Tillamook Head to the south.
Washington State Parks
Cape Disappointment State Park
Cape Disappointment State Park, formerly known as Fort Canby State Park, is a camping park on Cape Disappointment on the Long Beach Peninsula, fronted by the Pacific Ocean. The park offers of ocean beach, two lighthouses, an interpretive center, hiking trails, and the remains of Fort Canby. The Cape Disappointment Historic District was listed on the National Register on August 15, 1975.
Fort Columbia State Park
Fort Columbia State Park preserves Fort Columbia, a coastal artillery post along the north side of the Columbia river outlet. At , the park includes an interpretive center focused on the fort and regional history.
Chinook Point, the site from which an American captain, Robert Gray, first saw the Columbia River, is part of the park. His explorations gave the United States a strong position in its later territorial contests with Great Britain. Chinook Point was named a National Historic Landmark in 1961.
See also
Columbia Bar
Notes
References
External links
"Writings of Lewis and Clark", broadcast from Fort Clatsop National Memorial from C-SPAN's American Writers
Historical Parks
National Historical Parks of the United States
State parks of Oregon
State parks of Washington (state)
Parks in Clatsop County, Oregon
Parks in Pacific County, Washington
National Register of Historic Places in Clatsop County, Oregon
National Register of Historic Places in Washington (state)
Protected areas established in 1958
Protected areas established in 2004
National Park Service areas in Oregon
National Park Service areas in Washington (state)
Columbia River
National Register of Historic Places in Pacific County, Washington
Parks on the National Register of Historic Places in Oregon
Parks on the National Register of Historic Places in Washington (state)
The Dajue Temple () is a Buddhist temple located in the Haidian District of western Beijing, China. It was founded in the 11th century, and the current temple dates to a reconstruction in the 15th century during the Ming Dynasty. It contains three main halls, a gate, a pagoda and various side halls.
History
According to a stele at the temple, Dajue Temple was first built in 1068 during the Liao Dynasty and called Qingshui (Clear Water) Temple, after a stream that ran through the temple grounds. It was later renamed Lingquan Temple, and after being rebuilt in 1428 during the Ming Dynasty, was given its present name, "Dajue Temple." The temple went through renovations in 1720 and 1747.
Layout
The temple is arranged on an east–west axis, and contains five main buildings. Beginning at the east is the main gate followed by the Mahavira hall, the Amitabha Hall, the Sarira pagoda and finally the Longwang Hall, a building originally used to store sutras.
Mahavira Hall
The Mahavira hall contains three large statues dating from the Ming Dynasty. The central one is of Sakyamuni, the left one is the Buddha of Medicine and right is Amitabha. Behind these three statues, facing the back exit of the hall, is a statue of Samatabhadra. On each side of the hall are statues of twenty devas. On the wall behind these devas is a mural that dates from the Qing Dynasty. There is a large dragon carved into the ceiling.
Amitabha Hall
The Amitabha hall contains a large statue of Guanyin which is flanked by two Bodhisattva statues. Behind the statues, facing the back entrance, there is a Qing-era flying statue.
Sarira Pagoda
The Sarira pagoda contains the relics of the monk Jialing, who was abbot of the temple for a few years in the 1720s. It was built shortly after his death in 1728. The bottom part of the pagoda is an octagon, while the middle part is white and circular. The pagoda tapers out into a slender spire.
Notes
References
Pillsbury, Adam. Beijing Excursion Guide. Beijing: China Population Publishing, 2007.
Li Jianbo. Dajue Si. Beijing: Beijing Yanshan Publishers, 2001.
Liao Pin and Wu Wen. The Temples of Beijing. Beijing: Foreign Languages Press, 2006.
Major National Historical and Cultural Sites in Beijing
Buddhist temples in Beijing
On Trial is a 1928 American talking drama film produced and distributed by Warner Bros., and directed by Archie Mayo. The film starred Pauline Frederick, Lois Wilson, Bert Lytell, Holmes Herbert, and Jason Robards. The film is based on the 1914 Broadway play of the same name by Elmer Rice. A silent version of the film was also released on December 29, 1928.
The first film was released in 1917, starring Barbara Castleton, Sidney Ainsworth, and Mary McAllister. It was remade again in 1939 with John Litel, Margaret Lindsay, and Edward Norris.
Plot summary
A man is put on trial for the murder on his best friend. A young attorney wants to become successful and decides to defend him. However, he is very inexperienced.
Cast
Pauline Frederick as Joan Trask
Bert Lytell as Robert Strickland
Lois Wilson as May Strickland
Holmes Herbert as Gerald Trask
Richard Tucker as Prosecuting Attorney
Jason Robards, Sr. as Defense Attorney
Franklin Pangborn as Turnbull
Fred Kelsey as Clerk
Vondell Darr as Doris Strickland
Edmund Breese as Judge
Edward Martindel as Dr. Morgan
Reception
According to Warner Bros records the film earned $1,089,000 domestically and $365,000 in rest of the world.
Preservation status
The 1928 film version of On Trial is now considered lost. However, Vitaphone soundtrack discs for the film survive and are housed at the UCLA Film and Television Archive and British Film Institute. The film's trailer also survives.
See also
List of lost films
References
External links
(1917)
(1939)
1928 films
1928 drama films
American black-and-white films
American courtroom films
American drama films
American films based on plays
Films directed by Archie Mayo
Lost American films
Transitional sound films
Warner Bros. films
Films with screenplays by Robert Lord (screenwriter)
1920s American films
Milan R. Vukcevich (born Milan Radoje Vukčević; March 11, 1937 – May 10, 2003) was a Yugoslav-American chemist, a grandmaster of chess problem composition and writer.
Biography
Milan Radoje Vukčević was born in Belgrade. In 1955 he won the Yugoslav junior championship, drawing a six-game match with Bent Larsen in the same year. In 1960, he played for Yugoslavia at the Chess Olympiad in Leipzig and had the second best overall score at the Student Chess Olympiad in Leningrad. In 1963 he moved to the US, settling in Ohio, and westernising his surname.
Vukcevich decided on a career in science rather than chess, and in the year he moved to the United States he entered MIT. He was an instructor at Case Western Reserve University for six years before leaving to work for General Electric, where, from 1989, he served as Chief Scientist. He published two books on science.
Vukcevich continued to play chess. In 1969 he was joint winner of the U.S. Open Chess Championship, along with Pal Benko and Robert Byrne. In 1975 he finished third in the U.S. Championship, ahead of Samuel Reshevsky, Robert Byrne, Larry Evans and Arthur Bisguier among others. From 1976-79, he played in the National Telephone League, scoring 16.5 from 22 games, including wins against Bisguier, Yasser Seirawan, Nick De Firmian and Leonid Shamkovich.
Vukcevich died in 2003 in Cleveland, Ohio and is buried in Evergreen Hill Cemetery in Chagrin Falls.
His son, Marko, is a former guitar player in the band Mushroomhead from Cleveland. The "Vukcevich Super Cup" was created in his honor soon after his death.
Chess compositions
Vukcevich is better known as an author of chess problems than as a player, however, being the first American resident to be awarded the title of International Composition Grandmaster by FIDE. In 1981 he published Chess by Milan: Problems and Games of Dr. Milan R. Vukcevich and in 1998 was inducted into the US Chess Hall of Fame, becoming only the second person (after Sam Loyd) to be primarily inducted for their achievements in problem composition.
Vukcevich's compositions were gathered together in My Chess Compositions (2003). He composed in all genres, including directmates, selfmates, helpmates, problems with fairy pieces and a small number of endgame studies.
{{Chess diagram
| tleft
|Milan Vukcevich 1st Prize, The Problemist, 1981| | | | | | | |
| | |bl| |pd|rd|nd|qd
| | | | |pd| | |pd
| | | | | | | |
| | | | |ql| | |
| | |nl| |pl|bl|rl|
| |nd| |pl|nl|kd|pl|
|bd|kl| | | | | |rl
|Mate in three moves}}
On the left is one of Vukcevich's famous problems. The key is 1. Bb6 with the threat 2. Qg6! and
3. Ne4# and 3. e4#. If 2. ... Rxf3 then 3. Rxf3#, which explains the choice of the key. In the main variations Black unpins the Queen, which can then form new batteries: 1. ... Rf5 2. Qf4!! (threat 3. Ne4#) Re5+ 3. Be4#; 2. ... Rxf4+ e4#. 1. ... Nf5! 2. Qh4!! (threat 3. Ne4#) Nxe3+ Rg6#; 2. ... Nxh4+ 3. e4#. Additional variation occurs after 1. ... e5 2. Qf5! Qxf5+ 3. e4#.'Further reading
Milan Vukcevich (1981), Chess by Milan: Problems and Games of Dr. Milan R. Vukcevich''. MIM Company, Burton, Ohio.
References
External links
Milan R Vukcevich chess games at 365Chess.com
Biography, ChessBase
Biographical sketch of Vukcevich by Edward J. Covington
Obituary, The Week in Chess
1937 births
2003 deaths
Serbian chess players
Sportspeople from Belgrade
American chess players
American people of Serbian descent
Yugoslav chess players
Serbian scientists
Serbian chemists
Yugoslav emigrants to the United States
Chess composers
Serbian chess writers
American chess writers
American male non-fiction writers
General Electric people
Grandmasters for chess composition
Case Western Reserve University faculty
20th-century chess players
20th-century American non-fiction writers
20th-century American male writers
Masih Saighani (Dari: مسیح سیغانی; born 22 September 1986) is an Afghan footballer who plays as a defender for Türk Gücü Friedberg in Hessenliga
Club career
Aizawl F.C.
On 26 August 2017, Saighani signed for the I-League Champions, Aizawl F.C. This was his first football experience outside Germany where he had been playing since 2004. Masih made his debut for Aizawl in the Mizoram Premier League versus Mizoram Police FC. His I-League debut came vs. East Bengal F.C. in a 2–2 draw. In the following game vs. Churchill Brothers S.C., he was adjudged the Man of the Match for his solid display in defense & playmaking attributes after Aizawl F.C. beat Churchill Brothers S.C. 1–0.
Masih made his continental debut for Aizawl F.C. vs. Zob Ahan Esfahan F.C. in the AFC Champions League Qualifiers. The I-League Champions were beaten down 3–1 but Masih & his club's performance received appreciation from the critics. He opened his account in the top tier of Indian Football vs. Indian Arrows in a 2–2 draw.
Saighani finished his debut season in Indian Football with Runners' Up spot in the Mizoram Premier League, Fifth place finish in the I-League & a Quarter Final participation in the Super Cup. He rose to spotlight in the inaugural season.
Personal life
Masih Saighani is a Muslim and belongs to Tajik ethnic group. He was born on 22 September 1986 in Kabul, originally from Saighan, Bamyan.
International goals
Club statistics
References
External links
profile at Espn FC
1986 births
Living people
Hazara sportspeople
Afghan footballers
Afghanistan international footballers
German footballers
German people of Afghan descent
Footballers from Kabul
Association football central defenders
Association football midfielders
TSV Eintracht Stadtallendorf players
Afghan expatriate sportspeople in India
Aşkın Nur Yengi (born 3 July 1970) is a Turkish singer and actress.
With her debut album Sevgiliye in 1990 she became one of the most successful Turkish singers of the '90s.
Personal life
Yengi married Haluk Bilginer in 2006 and they have a daughter. The couple divorced in 2012 after six years.
Discography
Albums
Singles
"Peşindeyim" (2000)
"Allah'tan Kork" (with Mehmet Erdem) (2019)
"Baba" (2020)
Filmography
Theater
Kadıncıklar (2001)
Documentaries
Kurtuluş
Series
Olacak O Kadar Televizyonu, (2001)
Cesur Kuşku
Bayanlar Baylar
Movies
Ömerçip
TV programs
Altın Adımlar Yarışması - (TRT)
Awards
1987 – Kuşadası Golden Pigeon Song Contest
1988 – International Antalya Golden Orange Film Festival
1989 – Çeşme Music Festival
References
1970 births
Living people
Actresses from Istanbul
Singers from Istanbul
Turkish film actresses
Turkish television actresses
Turkish pop singers
21st-century Turkish singers
21st-century Turkish women singers
Tom Mercer Girdler (19 May 1877 – 4 February 1965) was an American businessperson who served as the first president of Republic Steel.
Biography
Girdler was born in Silver Creek, Clark County, Indiana in 1877. He graduated with a mechanical engineering degree from Lehigh University. After his graduation, he started his career with Buffalo Forge Company. A year later, he became a foreman for the Oliver Iron and Steel Company.
In 1943, he published his autobiography.
He retired in 1956 as the chairperson of Republic Steel.
Personal life
Girdler married four times and had two sons and two daughters.
References
1877 births
1965 deaths
American business executives
Jakobsweiler is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Municipalities in Rhineland-Palatinate
Donnersbergkreis
(November 10, 1894 – December 20, 1989) was a Lieutenant-General in the Imperial Japanese Army during World War II.
Biography
Jiro Harada was the commander of the IJA 100th Division during the Battle of Mindanao, one of the strongest forces in the area. He was in charge of most of the defenses on the island, along with Lt. Gen. Gyosaku Morozumi and Rear Admiral Naoji Doi. Despite his bravery, Harada had to retreat, also refusing to defend the city of Davao. At Kibangay, the pursuit halted and Harada was able to stop the long and tiring retreat. He ordered his troops to disperse and forage in the mountains, effectively disbanding the 100th Division.
References
Sources
Books.google.com
generals.dk
Japanese military personnel of World War II
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
John Crabbie also known as 'Jack' was a Scottish rugby union player.
Rugby Union career
Amateur career
He played for Edinburgh Academicals. While at studying at Oxford he played for Oxford University.
Provincial career
Crabbie played for the Anglo-Scots in 1898.
International career
He was capped six times for between 1900 and 1905.
Military career
Crabbie served in the First World War for 3rd (Perthshire) Battalion, Royal Highlanders (Black Watch). He started as a Second Lieutenant but was promoted to Lieutenant (while Temporary Captain) on 12 August 1915.
Outside of rugby
Crabbie became an Advocate. He also became a Freemason in Lodge Blairhoyle. He became the Provincial Grand Master of Perthshire West, a post which he held for twenty years.
Family
He was the brother of George Crabbie who was also capped for Scotland.
References
Sources
Bath, Richard (ed.) The Scotland Rugby Miscellany (Vision Sports Publishing Ltd, 2007 )
1879 births
1937 deaths
Scottish rugby union players
Scotland international rugby union players
Edinburgh Academicals rugby union players
Rugby union players from Edinburgh
Scottish Exiles (rugby union) players
Oxford University RFC players
Rugby union wings
Imma lichneopa is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Oswald Bertram Lower in 1903. It is found in Australia, where it has been recorded from Queensland.
The wingspan is about 16 mm. The forewings are whitish fuscous, mixed with dull greenish and with a rather broad black outwardly oblique fascia from one-third of the costa to three-fourths across the wing. There is a fine black dentate line, from the costa at two-fifths to the inner margin at one-third, strongly angulated outwards in the middle. There is a narrow black streak from the costa just before three-fourths to halfway across the wing, then continued as a suffused fascia to the anal angle. There is also a dentate line along the termen. The hindwings are black and thinly scaled.
References
Moths described in 1903
Immidae
Moths of Australia
Gelu Radu (born 3 November 1957) is a retired Romanian featherweight weightlifter. He won a silver medal at the 1984 Olympics and a bronze at the 1983 World Championships.
References
1957 births
Living people
Olympic weightlifters of Romania
Weightlifters at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Weightlifters at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for Romania
Olympic medalists in weightlifting
Medalists at the 1984 Summer Olympics
World Weightlifting Championships medalists
Romanian male weightlifters
20th-century Romanian people
21st-century Romanian people
The Newark Advertiser is a British regional newspaper, owned by Iliffe Media, for the town of Newark-on-Trent and surrounding areas.
History
The Advertiser had its beginnings in 1847, when printer William Tomlinson of Stodman Street issued the first Newark Monthly Advertiser. It had four pages and cost 1d. In 1854 Tomlinson made his journal a weekly publication, called it the Newark Advertiser and Farmers' Journal, doubled its size to eight pages and trebled the price to 3d. Upon Tomlinson's death his son-in-law Mr Whiles became the sole owner of the Advertiser.
In 1874 Cornelius Brown became editor of the Newark Advertiser. Within months of taking the editor's chair, Brown was ready to buy a half-share in the newspaper, for which he paid Mr Whiles £600. The Newark Advertiser Co Ltd was incorporated on 19 September 1882.
When Whiles died in 1900, he was succeeded by his son Herbert Whiles. In 1903 J. C. Kew came on to the Advertiser scene in a significant way. He had already been writing for the paper for some years and also ran a coal business at Beaumond Cross. Brown at the age of 51 decided to hand over some of his editorial responsibilities to Kew who was then 35.
Cornelius Brown died on 4 November 1907 and Kew became editor.
See also
S. S. Chamberlain (1851–1916), who started his newspaper career as a journalist on the paper (1873–1874)
External links
Newark Advertiser
Newspapers published in Nottinghamshire
Newark-on-Trent
Publications established in 1854
1854 establishments in England
Abdirahman Dahir Osman is a Somali politician. He is the current Ministry of Education of Somalia.
References
Living people
Somalian politicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
The PanAm Post is a libertarian website that specializes in international subjects as well as topics in the Americas from a free market perspective. The website focuses on multilingual and international content in order to follow "the tradition of PanAmericanism". It was founded in 2013 and its headquarters is in Miami, Florida.
History
The site was founded in 2013.
Following the founding of the PanAm Post, former editor-in-chief Fergus Hodgson explained how the PanAm Post was devoted to keeping up with social change and would be the "front line of new media". Hodgson said that the "bloated and inefficient organizational structures" of legacy media, along with governmental bureaucracies, were disconnected from the changing times.
Demographics
The majority of visitors to the PanAm Post are from the United States, followed by Venezuela, Guatemala, Argentina, and Colombia, in that order. Most visitors are college educated and visit the website at home.
Reception
According to Richard Scheines, dean of the Dietrich College of Humanities and Social Sciences of Carnegie Mellon University, PanAm Post is "an incredibly rich online site that covers news and offers excellent analyses of all regions in the Americas". In 2019 and 2020, the PanAm Post was ranked in a Forbes article as one of the most prominent free-market magazines in the world measured by social media impact.
References
External links
PanAm Post on Facebook
PanAm Post on Twitter
American news websites
Free market
Pan-Americanism
Culture of Miami
2013 establishments in Florida
Spanish-language websites
Opisthotropis tamdaoensis is a species of natricine snake found in Vietnam.
References
Opisthotropis
Reptiles described in 2008
Reptiles of Vietnam
Marina Ivanova-Kharlamova (; born 24 May 1962) is a Russian former Soviet track and field sprinter. She set 400 metres personal bests of 50.63 seconds outdoors and 52.23 seconds indoors. She was the national champion at the Soviet Indoor Athletics Championships in 1989.
She won bronze medals with the Soviet Union women's 4 × 400 metres relay team at the 1983 World Championships in Athletics (with Yelena Korban, Irina Baskakova and Mariya Pinigina) and at the 1979 European Athletics Junior Championships (with Lyubov Kiryukhina, Aldona Mendzoryte and Liliya Tuznikova).
International competitions
National titles
Soviet Indoor Athletics Championships
400 m: 1989
See also
List of World Championships in Athletics medalists (women)
References
External links
Living people
1962 births
Russian female sprinters
Soviet female sprinters
World Athletics Championships athletes for the Soviet Union
World Athletics Championships medalists
A dielectric withstand test (or pressure test, high potential or hipot test) is an electrical test performed on a component or product to determine the effectiveness of its insulation. The test may be between mutually insulated sections of a part or energized parts and electrical ground. The test is a means to qualify a device's ability to operate safely during rated electrical conditions. If the current through a device under test is less than a specified limit at the required test potential and time duration, the device meets the dielectric withstand requirement. A dielectric withstand test may be done as a factory test on new equipment, or may be done on apparatus already in service as a routine maintenance test.
Voltage withstand testing is done with a high voltage source and voltage and current meters. A single instrument called a "pressure test set" or "hipot tester" is often used to perform this test. It applies the necessary voltages to a device and monitors leakage current. The current can trip a fault indicator. The tester has output overload protection. The test voltage may be either direct current or alternating current at power frequency or other frequency, like resonant frequency (30 to 300 Hz determined by load) or VLF (0.01 Hz to 0.1 Hz), when convenient. The maximum voltage is given in the test standard for the particular product. The application rate may also be adjusted to manage leakage currents resulting from inherent capacitive effects of the test object. The duration of the test is dependent on the test requirements of the asset owner but is normally up to 5 minutes. The applied voltage, rate of application and test duration depend on the specification requirements of the equipment. Different test standards apply for consumer electronics, military electrical devices, high voltage cables, switchgear and other apparatus.
Typical hipot equipment leakage current trip limit settings range between 0.1 and 20 mA and are set by the user according to test object characteristics and rate of voltage application. The objective is to choose a current setting that will not cause the tester to falsely trip during voltage application, while at the same time, selecting a value that minimizes possible damage to the device under test should an inadvertent discharge or breakdown occur.
See also
Dielectric loss
Electrical breakdown
Electrical isolation test
Impulse generator
VLF cable testing
Burn-in
References
Electrical tests
"The Best of Me" is a song originally by David Foster and the title-track of his debut solo album in November 1983. The song was composed in 1982 by David Foster, Jeremy Lubbock and Richard Marx. It has since been recorded by numerous artists, the most notable being Cliff Richard, who chose it for his 100th single milestone in 1989.
Original David Foster version
In 1982, Foster composed "The Best of Me", with Jeremy Lubbock and Richard Marx. The ballad was later included as the title track for his debut solo album with the same title, released in November 1983.
David Foster & Olivia Newton-John version
David Foster re-recorded the track with Olivia Newton-John for his 1986 self-titled solo album. It was released as a single and made #6 on the Billboard Adult Contemporary chart and #80 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart.
Track listing
"The Best of Me" - 4:08
"Sajé" - 3:08
Charts
Cliff Richard - 100th single
Cliff Richard selected the song for his milestone 100th single in 1989. Released on 30 May 1989, the song debuted at #2 on the UK Singles Chart and stayed there another week in its 7-week run on the chart. It was certified Silver by the BPI for sales over 200,000.
Before releasing his 100th single, Richard invited 2,000 British fans to the London Palladium for a preview of six songs from his forthcoming album (which would be Stronger), to vote on which one they liked most as possible 100th single. Ironically, "The Best of Me" came second to "Stronger Than That", but Richard had also revealed by mistake that the latter was composed by Alan Tarney who had written most of Richard's biggest hits since 1979. Regardless, it was enough confirmation for Richard to choose "The Best of Me" with its fitting lyrics as a tribute to his audience. Coming third in the vote was "I Just Don't Have the Heart", ahead of "Joanna" and "Lean on You".
Charts and certifications
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Other covers
Kenny Rogers studio track, The Heart of the Matter, 1985
Phil Perry studio track, The Heart of the Man album, 1991
Barry Manilow studio track, The Complete Collection and Then Some... album, 1992
Richard Marx live track, 2010
Michael Bublé studio track, Crazy Love (Hollywood edition bonus disc) album, 2010
Paul Potts studio track, Home album, 2014
References
1986 singles
1989 singles
Atlantic Records singles
EMI Records singles
Kenny Rogers songs
Cliff Richard songs
Olivia Newton-John songs
Pop ballads
Songs written by David Foster
Songs written by Richard Marx
Song recordings produced by George Martin
Male–female vocal duets
1982 songs
1983 singles
1980s ballads
Twentify is an on-demand workforce company that provides field operations and data collection to companies with the help of crowdsourcing. The company utilizes its mobile application named Bounty which enables smartphone users to perform tasks in exchange for money.
History
The company was founded in February 2014, by İlker İnanç, Çağlar Bozkurt and Tolga Bakkaloğlu.
After being founded in Istanbul Turkey, the company extended its operations to North America, starting with Canada. It has also piloted projects in Mexico, Ukraine, South Africa, Nigeria and Thailand.
Twentify currently has operations in Turkey with its Istanbul Office, in Canada with its Ottawa, ON Office and in the United States of America with its New York, NY office.
Awards
Webrazzi Arena Startup Competition Winner
TechCrunch Disrupt Startup Alley Wild Card Position Winner
References
Data collection
Companies based in Istanbul
Companies established in 2014
2014 establishments in Turkey
Pat Sheahan is U Sports Canadian football coach who serves as the offensive line coach for the Guelph Gryphons. He spent 11 years as the head coach of the Concordia Stingers and another 19 years as head coach of the Queen's Gaels. He won three Vanier Cup championships, twice as an assistant coach in 1987 and 2019 and once as head coach in 2009. He was also named Coach of the Year in 2008.
University career
Sheahan played CIAU football as a tight end and offensive tackle for the Concordia Stingers from 1975 to 1979.
Coaching career
Sheahan began his collegiate coaching career as the assistant head coach for the McGill Redmen in 1984 and held that position until 1988, winning a Vanier Cup championship in 1987. He was hired as head coach for the Concordia Stingers in 1989 and led the program to their first Vanier Cup appearance in 1998. He then became head coach for the Queen's Gaels in 2000 and won his first Vanier Cup as a head coach in 2009. He was also named CIS coach of the year in 2008 season. After qualifying for the playoffs in just two out of five years, Sheahan was asked to resign following the 2018.
In 2019, Sheahan was named the offensive coordinator for the Calgary Dinos. In his first year, he won his third championship as the Dinos won the 55th Vanier Cup. The 2020 U Sports football season was cancelled, but Sheahan coached in one more season in 2021. Sheahan announced his retirement on January 24, 2022. However, he later joined the Guelph Gryphons on March 10, 2022, as the team's offensive line coach which also reunited him with his son, Ryan Sheahan, who serves as the team's head coach.
References
External links
Calgary Dinos bio
Living people
Sportspeople from Brockville
Players of Canadian football from Ontario
Concordia Stingers football players
Queen's Golden Gaels football coaches
McGill Redbirds football coaches
Concordia Stingers football coaches
Calgary Dinos football coaches
Year of birth missing (living people)
Reactive Streams is an initiative to provide a standard for asynchronous stream processing with non-blocking back pressure.
Origin
Reactive Streams started as an initiative in late 2013 between engineers at Netflix, Pivotal and Lightbend. Some of the earliest discussions began in 2013 between the Play and Akka teams at Lightbend. Lightbend is one of the main contributors of Reactive Streams. Other contributors include Red Hat, Oracle, Twitter and spray.io.
Goals
The main goal of Reactive Streams is to govern the exchange of stream data across an asynchronous boundary like passing elements on to another thread or thread-pool while ensuring that the receiving side is not forced to buffer arbitrary amounts of data. In other words, back pressure is an integral part of this model in order to allow the queues which mediate between threads to be bounded.
The intention of the specification is to allow the creation of many conforming implementations, which by virtue of abiding by the rules will be able to interoperate smoothly, preserving the mentioned benefits and characteristics across the whole processing graph of a stream application. A freely-available Technology Compatibility Kit was developed alongside the specification that allows implementors of the specification to verify if they covered all rules and requirements, including checks for potential race conditions.
The scope of Reactive Streams is a minimal set of interfaces, methods and protocols that describe the necessary operations and entities to achieve the asynchronous streams of data with non-blocking back pressure. End-user DSLs or protocol binding APIs have purposefully been left out of the scope to encourage and enable different implementations that potentially use different programming languages to stay as true as possible to the idioms of their platform.
Inclusion in Java standard
The specification developed with the intent of future inclusion in the official Java standard library, if proven successful and adopted by enough libraries and vendors.
Reactive Streams were proposed to become part of Java 9 by Doug Lea, leader of JSR 166 as a new Flow class that would include the interfaces currently provided by Reactive Streams. After a successful 1.0 release of Reactive Streams and growing adoption, the proposal was accepted and Reactive Streams was included in JDK9 via the JEP-266.
Adoption
On April 30, 2015 version 1.0.0 of Reactive Streams for the JVM was released, including Java API, a textual specification, a TCK and implementation examples. It comes with a multitude of compliant implementations verified by the TCK for 1.0.0, listed in alphabetical order:
Akka Streams
MongoDB
Ratpack
Reactive Rabbit driver for RabbitMQ/AMQP
Spring and Pivotal Project Reactor
Netflix RxJava
Slick 3.0
Vert.x 3.0
Mutiny
Helidon
Other implementations include Cassandra, Elasticsearch, Apache Kafka, Parallel Universe Quasar, Play Framework, Armeria.
Spring 5 is announced to be built upon Reactive Streams compatible Reactor Core.
Amazon announced that its Amazon Web Services SDK would support Reactive Streams to provide streaming capabilities in its client libraries in version 2.0.
Reactive Streams 1.0.1 is released on August 9, 2017, including various improvements in specification preciseness, TCK improvements and other clarifications. The specification as well as interfaces remained fully backwards compatible with the 1.0.0 version, however aimed to streamline the adoption for future implementors as well as align with some additional requirements set by the OpenJDK.
Ports and influences
A direct port of the specification, interfaces and TCK was made available under the same working group for the .NET platform.
When the Elixir language introduced its streaming API called GenStage, the authors extended a thanks "[to] akka-streams and reactive-streams projects which provided us guidance in implementing the demand-driven exchange between stages".
References
This article incorporates text from , which is released under a CC0 1.0 Universal (CC0 1.0) Public Domain Dedication.
Java platform
Open standards
The ruddy-breasted seedeater (Sporophila minuta) is a species of bird in the tanager family Thraupidae.
It is found in Brazil, Colombia, Costa Rica, Ecuador, El Salvador, French Guiana, Guatemala, Guyana, Honduras, Mexico, Nicaragua, Panama, Suriname, Trinidad and Tobago, and Venezuela.
Its natural habitats are dry savanna, subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland, and heavily degraded former forest.
Taxonomy
The ruddy-breasted seedeater was formally described by the Swedish naturalist Carl Linnaeus in 1758 in the tenth edition of his Systema Naturae under the binomial name Loxia minuta. The specific epithet is from Latin minutus meaning "little" or "small". The type locality is Suriname. The ruddy-breasted seedeater is now placed in the genus Sporophila that was introduced by the German ornithologist Jean Cabanis in 1844.
Three subspecies are recognised:
S. m. parva (Lawrence, 1883) – southwest Mexico to Nicaragua
S. m. centralis Bangs & Penard, TE, 1918 – southwest Costa Rica and south Panama
S. m. minuta (Linnaeus, 1758) – Trinidad, Tobago and north South America
References
External links
ruddy-breasted seedeater
Birds of Central America
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Venezuela
Birds of Trinidad and Tobago
Birds of the Guianas
ruddy-breasted seedeater
ruddy-breasted seedeater
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of Brazil
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Portrait of a Call Girl is a 2011 American pornographic film starring Jessie Andrews, and directed and written by Graham Travis. In 2012, the film received 19 nominations for both creative and technical awards, winning four AVN Awards for best actress, the best director, best feature and the AVN's first Movie of the Year award; one XRCO Award for best epic; and six XBIZ Awards for acting performance of the year – female, the best cinematography, best non-sex acting performance of the year, director of the year – individual project, and feature movie of the year.
Release
The film was released as a two-DVD set on August 26, 2011. The first DVD included several special features including a behind-the-scenes featurette, slide show, outtakes, a bonus scene promo teaser and interviews. The second DVD offered a 79:29-minute feature only version, minus any hardcore scenes.
Reception
Critical reviews of Portrait of a Call Girl were mostly favorable, with others acknowledging disappointments. The film received recognition and nominations for editing, art direction, and cinematography. The XBIX Awards honored Mason, Carlos Dee and Alex Ladd with the nod for cinematography, with Travis being honored by both XBIZ and the AVN Awards for Director of the Year for Individual Project and Feature Film, respectively.
Online reviewers Sean DPS and Don Houston of XCritic.com both give the project the site's highest rating of "XCritic Pick" for the Blu-ray and DVD versions of the film. Houston compared the film with selected films touring independent film festivals and director Travis to mainstream director, Steven Soderbergh and his film The Girlfriend Experience. Gram Ponante of fleshbot.com describes the project as a "mainstream film that happens to have sex in it".
Sex and the 405 agreed with Ponante's assessment that the film is "thoughtfully acted, beautifully shot, and sparsely, elegantly orchestrated", yet faulting the script for "tired cliches" including childhood sexual abuse, self-loathing, self-destruction through involvement in the sex industry, and subconsciously crying out for a savior. Sex and the 405 expressed criticism of the fact that professionals from the adult film industry, which operated on the legal side of the fence, would present a film focusing on the illegal branch of the sex industry, the film industry's "marginalized twin". The web site summarized their review stating, "If [the film] didn't perpetuate so many stereotypes about prostitution, we'd be tempted to thank the studio for keeping it real — ish. But its problems are a little too big to ignore."
Awards and nominations
References
External links
2010s pornographic films
Films about prostitution in the United States
AVN Award winners
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
The Black Day of the General Assembly was February 24, 1887, on which date the Indiana General Assembly dissolved into legislative violence. The event began as an attempt by Governor Isaac P. Gray (R/D) to be elected to the United States Senate and his own party's attempt to thwart him. It escalated when the Democratic-controlled Indiana Senate refused to seat the newly elected lieutenant governor, Robert S. Robertson, after being ordered to do so by the Indiana Supreme Court.
When Robertson attempted to enter the chamber he was attacked, beginning four hours of intermittent fighting that spread throughout the Indiana Statehouse. The fight ended after Republicans and Democrats began threatening to kill each other and the Governor ordered police to get the situation under control. Subsequently, the Republican-controlled House of Representatives refused to communicate with the Democratic Senate, ending the legislative session.
This led to calls for United States Senators to be elected by popular vote.
Background
Isaac P. Gray, a former Republican, was elected as a Democratic governor of Indiana in 1884 along with Democratic lieutenant governor Mahlon D. Manson. Gray desired to be elected by the Indiana General Assembly to the United States Senate, but Democrats did not want him to rise farther because of his opposition to slavery and his support of rights for former slaves. To create an issue in an attempt to eliminate his candidacy, they convinced Manson to resign from office. In the debate for selecting a candidate to replace him, Democrats argued that without a sitting lieutenant governor, the governor should not be sent to the US Senate because there would be no one who could readily fill his position.
Still desiring to be elected, Gray met with the Indiana attorney general and Secretary of State to determine the legality of electing a lieutenant governor during a midterm election. They both agreed that it would be legal, so the Secretary of State set forth an announcement that an election for the office would take place in the 1886 mid-term election. Gray wanted a Democrat to be elected, hoping that Democrats would support his bid for the Senate knowing that a Democrat would succeed him as governor. Democrats and Republicans each put forward a candidate for governor, and Republican candidate Robert S. Robertson won.
Before the legislative session of 1887 began, Democrats had filed a court appeal to prevent Robertson from being seated, citing the election as unconstitutional. When the legislative session began in January, Republicans immediately began making a commotion during the opening prayer. Democrats ignored the Republican minority, and proceeded to elect their own lieutenant governor, Alonzo Green Smith. Republicans then likewise filed a court case to prevent Smith from being seated. The Marion County Court of Appeals then ordered that neither Robertson nor Smith should be seated until the Indiana Supreme Court could decide on the matter.
When the Supreme Court came to session and took the case, the justices decided in favor of Robertson. They stated that the constitution did not put in place any restriction on such an election, and that a candidate elected by popular vote could not be replaced merely by the vote of the Senate.
Black Day
On February 24, the Monday following the court ruling, Robertson arrived at the statehouse to take his seat as lieutenant governor presiding over the Senate. As he entered the Senate chamber, a group of Democratic senators attacked him. He was beaten to the floor and the Senate president pro tempore ordered the doormen to throw him out of the chamber and bar the door. Robertson was quickly thrown out and the door locked while the Republicans demanded he be allowed to enter. Once the door was locked, the Republican senators began attacking the Democratic senators. The fight continued for several minutes until one Democratic senator pulled a gun and fired it into the ceiling, threatening to start killing Republicans unless the fight ended. The shot ended the fight in the Senate, but startled those in the rest of the building, who began to inquire what was going on. Robertson, who was now on the outside, informed them of his treatment, and Republicans on the inside shouted through the still locked door that there had been a fight.
Word quickly spread through the Republican-controlled Indiana House of Representatives, where the fight began afresh, with Democrats and Republicans fist fighting. It soon spread through much of the building, but Republicans were far more numerous and soon gained the upper hand. A mob of at least six hundred Republicans swept the building and began dragging Democrats outside. They then proceeded to beat down the door of the Senate chamber, dragging the Democratic senators outside, where some Republicans made threats to begin killing them.
Governor Gray had already sent for reinforcements from police of the city and county, ordering them to protect the Democrats and bring the situation under control. After about four hours of fighting, the battle was over.
Aftermath
The following day, House members issued a resolution refusing to have further communications with the Senate, which they referred to as an unconstitutional body because of its refusal to seat Robertson. Robertson returned to his home and waited. The lack of communication between the two chambers effectively ended the legislative session, creating a deadlock. Robertson was never seated.
Governor Gray abandoned his attempt to be elected US Senator, and his promotion of a Republican replacement for himself was added to the list of issues his party held against him. He was brought up on two later occasions to prevent his being nominated as the Democrats' candidate for Vice President of the United States. He came to be derisively referred to as “Sisyphus of the Wabash.”
The event received major attention in newspapers across the state, many of which labeled it the “Black Day of the General Assembly.” The situation led to calls for a constitutional amendment to make United States Senators elected by popular vote only, and helped in its passage a few decades later.
See also
Governor of Indiana
Indiana General Assembly
References
Notes
Bibliography
Political scandals in Indiana
Laura Kluge (born 6 November 1996) is a German ice hockey player for the St. Cloud State Huskies and the German national team.
She participated at the 2015 IIHF Women's World Championship.
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Ice hockey people from Berlin
German women's ice hockey forwards
German expatriate ice hockey people
German expatriate sportspeople in Sweden
German expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Linköping HC Dam players
St. Cloud State Huskies women's ice hockey players
Chaibou Adamou is a player from Cameroon who currently plays in the Thai Division 2 League for Pattani FC.
References
Living people
1985 births
Cameroonian footballers
Association football forwards
Chaibou Adamou
Cry is the fifth studio album by American country music singer Faith Hill. It was released October 15, 2002, via Warner Bros. Nashville and sold 472,486 copies in its first week, a career-best for Hill. The album was intended as a crossover project for her, and although three of its singles were released to country radio, none reached the top ten. The title track and "One" were both adult contemporary hits, however, with the former spending 11 weeks at number one.
Upon release, Cry was met with mixed reviews, with critics divided on the lack of country influences. The album went on to sell 4 million copies worldwide and has been certified 2× Platinum by the RIAA. Hill has defended the polarizing creative direction of Cry, telling Billboard that "it was definitely a different record," but that she is still "so proud of [the album]." Cry ranked at #179 on the Billboard Top 200 albums of the decade 2000–09.
Content
Cry is led off by its title track, written by Angie Aparo. This song reached number 12 on the country singles charts, the lowest country peak she has achieved with a lead-off single. "When the Lights Go Down" and "You're Still Here" were also released to country radio, peaking at number 26 and number 28 respectively. "One" did not chart on the country singles charts, although it was a number 7 adult contemporary hit. "Baby You Belong" was only released as a single in Japan, but was used as the theme song for the 2002 film Lilo and Stitch. The song's music video features clips from the film. The album was produced primarily by Byron Gallimore and Dann Huff, who also worked on 1999's Breathe, with additional production from Hill and Marti Frederiksen.
Critical reception
Cry received mixed reviews from music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 59, based on 8 reviews. Chris Willman of Entertainment Weekly praised Hill for taking stylistic risks but conceded that the album "invites some of the criticism that will inevitably come its way." Billboard wrote that "Cry is a confident effort, with Hill laying claim as queen of" pop-country, however the magazine also described the songs as "sometimes bland" and "repetitive." AllMusic writer Robert L. Doerschuk was ambivalent towards the album's production, writing that "her established skills as a song interpreter are lost in all this sturm und drang and her voice, while undeniably powerful at its peak, doesn't have the range that allows most singers in this style... to at least milk the material."
Rolling Stone found the album to be "contrived" and impersonal, with Barry Walters writing, "[Hill is] an expert in the yelps and sighs that signify pop passion, and what she lacks in personality she makes up for with power, professionalism and unfailing hooks." Robert Hillburn of the Los Angeles Times was particularly critical, rating the album one-and-a-half stars out of four. "The songs ... are mediocre," he writes, "her vocals are rarely convincing, and the arrangements are ham-fisted."
In a piece commemorating Crys tenth anniversary, Billy Dukes of Taste of Country theorized that the polarizing opinions on the album were a result of the "building tension" at the time between country "purists" and fans of the contemporary pop influences.
Commercial performance
Cry debuted at number one on both the Billboard Top Country Albums chart and the all-genre Billboard 200 chart dated November 2, 2002. The album sold over 472,000 copies in its first week, marking a career high sales week for Hill and also setting a new record for the largest first-week sales figure by a solo female country artist since Nielsen SoundScan began tracking sales in 1991. It spent three non-consecutive weeks at the top position on the former.
Track listing
Personnel
Performance credits
Music credits
Production credits
Visual and imagery
Charts
Weekly charts
Year end charts
Decade end charts
Certifications and sales
AwardsGrammy Awards'
References
External links
Cry at AllMusic
2002 albums
Faith Hill albums
Warner Records albums
Albums produced by Marti Frederiksen
Albums produced by Dann Huff
Albums produced by Byron Gallimore
Georg Christoph Eimmart the Younger (22 August 1638 Regensburg – 5 January 1705 Nürnberg), a German draughtsman and engraver, was born at Ratisbon. He was instructed by his father, Georg Christoph Eimart the Elder (1603-1658), who was also an engraver, a painter of portraits, landscapes, still-life, and historical subjects. He studied at the University of Jena from 1654 to 1658. Eimmart the Younger resided at Nuremberg, where he died in 1705. He engraved some plates for Sandrart's Academia, and some small etchings of ruins, buildings, and vases, ornamented with figures, which have considerable merit. He was also a mathematician and astronomer, and published in 1701 Iconographia nova contemplationum de Sole.
His mother was Christine Banns (?-1654), daughter of an Austrian toll manager, Damian Banns. On 20 April 1668 he married Maria Walther, daughter of the weighmaster, Christian Walther. His daughter Maria Clara Eimmart (1676–1707) was a designer and engraver as well. She usually worked with her father. She married the astronomer, J. H. Müller, and died at Altdorf in 1707.
He established the first astronomical observatory in Nürnberg. The lunar crater Eimmart is named after Georg Christoph Eimmart the Younger.
References
Attribution:
External links
1638 births
1705 deaths
German draughtsmen
German engravers
17th-century German mathematicians
Members of the French Academy of Sciences
17th-century German astronomers
People from Regensburg
17th-century German writers
17th-century German male writers
18th-century German writers
18th-century German male writers
18th-century German mathematicians
Campus climate refers to current dimensions of climate in the campus community in higher education institutions. According to the author, the dimensions of climate could refer to views, attitudes, psychology, behaviors, standards, perceptions and expectations. Campus community could refer to employees such as faculty, staff, administrators, and students, individually or as a group. Campus climate is often contrasted with 'campus culture'. While climate and culture are sometimes used interchangeably, some authors mention overlaps, while others define clear boundaries between the two.
Definitions and descriptions
Huston Smith (1955) wrote that the "atmosphere" and "environment" of a college affects everyone that is a part of it, making an educational institute more than a group of students, employees and buildings. Early attempts at measuring campus climate (culture, atmosphere, environment) include assessments and indexes created by John L. Holland & Alexander Astin (1961), and George G. Stern & C. Robert Pace (1962). More recently, climate has been understood to represent an "immeasurable construct". studied 118 campus climate papers and identified a number of definitions and measurement efforts.
Climate is a broad concept however often used in a narrower and more concentrated manner. Conceptual framework for campus climate has developed to include the history of the educational institute, capacity to handle diversity, and psychological and behavioral climate.
Campus climate for the campus community
Faculty
Women colleges and universities around the world provide a friendly and "warm" to "neutral" climate. Campus climate at women's colleges for female faculty is more conducive than at coeducational institutions. The climate situation in coeducational settings for female faculty is similar to the situation for female students, say with regard to male privilege. Intellectual inbreeding in China, Japan and Korea is affected by the old boy networks; in this respect women colleges and universities provide opportunities which coeducational institutions do not.
Research from around the world
Campus climate in Brazil
A study conducted at Federal University of Bahia observed that a number of campus climate variables affected students in general, and more importantly variables that went on to affect their interaction with their academic life and retention. This includes identity, teaching and faculty interactions.
Campus climate in India
One of the first studies in India which included the aspect of campus climate was conducted in the University of Pune from 2013 onwards. The study found that faculty demographics and student demographics has changed unequally and this has a significant factor of campus climate. The study also revealed changing gender patterns which also have implications for campus climate. Changes in the gender gap include increased access to higher education for women from "relatively privileged backgrounds" and males from "disadvantaged backgrounds". This kind of changing social dynamic has resulted in observations such as men reporting experiencing more discrimination than women. Low empathy, low tolerance and low argumentation skills were observed.
Campus climate in Turkey
Gunuc & Artun et al (2019) conducted a campus climate study of 26 universities in Turkey covering all the geographic regions of the country. The study found that the correlation between student engagement and campus climate along with certain other variables was significant.
Campus climate in United States
Climate for free speech in USA campuses has been studied. More than half of college students self-censor themselves and their is a large variation between institutions with regard to free speech. There is a discussion about cancel culture and wokeness on the left. Campus climate is an important factor that affects decisions to seek out mental health services for mental health issues.
See also
Organisation climate
University student retention
Learning community
References
Works cited
(Sorted by year)
Further reading
Academic culture
Higher education
Educational personnel
Education
The Theatre Royal is an art-deco theatre in Norwich, Norfolk, England. It celebrated its 250th anniversary on the 31st of January 2008 and is one of the country's oldest established theatres. Many well known acts have played here over the years, including Debbie McGee, Ching Lau Lauro, William Charles Macready, Charles Kean , Tom Thumb and his spouse (Mr and Mrs Stratton), Paganini, Donald Sinden, Bernard Cribbins and The Bolshoi Ballet.
It hosts a large range of touring productions. The theatre had a £10m refurbishment in 2007, designed by Tim Foster Architects.
In 2015, plans were launched for the new £15m Stage Two building under the direction of the then CEO Peter Wilson MBE. The new building was to house one of europe's most technically advanced arts education facilities, and a new 200 seat auditoria.
In 2016, it was announced that Peter was to depart the Theatre Royal, after 25 years at the helm. It was later announced that the new auditorium would be named the Peter Wilson Studio.
In mid 2016, Stephen Crocker, a former deputy CEO of The Lowry theatre was announced as the new Chief Executive.
In 2019, Norwich Theatre Royal was rebranded to become the Norwich Theatre group alongside Norwich Playhouse.
Shows
A traditional family pantomime is produced in-house annually for the Christmas season each year. The 2019 production of Cinderella starred Kara-Lianne Jones and Prince Charming (David Witts) as the love-struck young couple who will live happily ever after come the end of the show. Joining them on stage was the entertaining sister act - Alexa (Amanda Henderson) and Siri (Alix Dunmore) - who were good, bad and indeed ugly, as Cinders' sisters.
In addition, it regularly attracts a host of touring theatre productions.
History
The second Theatre Royal (previous to the building pictured) was built in 1826.
The theatre announced its opening.
The popular magician Ching Lau Lauro received a bad review there, from the Norfolk Chronicle, in 1828.
Just over a year after the theatre burnt down its successor was revealed.
In 1894 the theatre was closed for several months in order to carry out a scheme of reconstruction and redecoration from the designs of Frank Matcham.
The theatre owner's death in 1902 led to its auction.
In November Harry Lauder made his first visit to Norwich with his BIG VARIETY ROAD SHOW in 1935.
George Barnes played The Grand Vizier to John Inman's Wishee Washee in Aladdin Christmas 1975. This was to be George's 33rd pantomime season.
Television newsreader Helen McDermott landed a part as Helen the Sultana of Booberoomba - doubling as a tavern wench - in Dick Whittington and His Cat in January 2001.
Mother Goose, the 2001 pantomime beat box office targets by £10,000.
A Birthday profit for Norwich Theatre Royal in 2002 as it celebrated its tenth anniversary since reopening, with a profit of £76,000, more than twice the previous year's surplus. The 2002 pantomime was Jack and the Beanstalk starring Rikki Jay.
In January 2004 the theatre received a tax reimbursement of more than £1 million, making it the latest venue to benefit from new rules that entitled organisations to reclaim VAT on ticket sales.
Vicki Carr played the title role in Sleeping Beauty in 2004.
Jay appeared for his eighth consecutive year, the previous year's pantomime had grossed £627,000 with 98% of capacity is virtually unheard of elsewhere. This year was Peter Pan, with Derek Griffiths as Captain Hook , whilst Jay played Smee.
The 2015 pantomime production starring Kevin Kennedy was one of the most financially successful pantomimes in the theatre's history. A total of 60,996 tickets were sold for Peter Pan, beating the previous year's sales of 60,063 for Cinderella.
During the 2020 Covid-19 pandemic over half the theatre's staff were made redundant by the summer.
See also
Norwich Playhouse
Norfolk and Norwich Festival
Maddermarket Theatre
Sewell Barn Theatre
References
External links
Theatres in Norwich
Kyrenia Castle ( ), at the east end of the old harbour in Kyrenia is a 16th-century castle built by the Venetians over a previous Crusader fortification. Within its walls lies a twelfth-century chapel showing reused late Roman capitals, and the Shipwreck Museum.
History
Kyrenia has existed since the 10th century BC. Excavations have revealed Greek traces that date back to the 7th century BC, but the site was developed into a city under Roman rule.
Research carried out at the site suggests that the Byzantines built the original castle in the 7th Century to guard the city against the new Arab maritime threat. The first historical reference to the castle occurs in 1191, when King Richard I of England captured it on his way to the Third Crusade by defeating Isaac Comnenus, an upstart local governor who had proclaimed himself emperor.
After a short period, Richard sold the island to the Knights Templar who could not control it because of peasant revolt, and then to his cousin Guy de Lusignan, the former king of Jerusalem. This began the 300 years of the Frankish Lusignan Kingdom of Cyprus (1192–1489). Initially the castle was quite small. John d'Ibelin enlarged it between 1208 and 1211. The Castle's main function was military and the improvements consisted of a new entrance, square and horseshoe-shaped towers, embrasures for archers, and dungeons.
The castle was subjected to several sieges. A Genoese attack in 1373 almost destroyed the castle, and the longest amongst the sieges, in the 15th century, lasted nearly four years and reduced the unfortunate occupants to eating mice and rats. By 1489 the Venetians had taken control of Cyprus and in 1540 they enlarged the castle, giving it its present-day appearance. The chief changes, such as the addition of thick walls and embrasures for cannons, were adaptations to changes in warfare in the form of gunpowder artillery. The Venetians also installed gun ports at three levels so that they could direct cannon fire against attackers from the land. Inside the castle, they built huge long ramps so as to be able to drag artillery up on the walls. When the work on the castle was finished, its walls also encompassed the small church of St. George, which the Byzantines may have built in the 11th or 12th century.
In 1570, Kyrenia surrendered to the Ottomans. The Ottomans too made changes to the castle, but the British removed these during their occupation. The castle contains the tomb of the Ottoman Admiral Sadik Pasha. The British used the castle as a police barracks and training school. They also used the castle as a prison for members of the Greek Cypriot EOKA organization.
The Kyrenia Department of Antiquities took over custodianship of the castle in 1950, though it reverted to British control during the EOKA turmoil. The Department regained control in 1959 and since 1960 the castle has been open to the public. However, during the period from 1963 to 1967 the Cypriot National Guard used the castle as a military headquarters. Following the Turkish invasion of Cyprus, in 1974 the Girne Department of Antiquities and Museums took over responsibility for the castle's preservation and use. The Department is keeping icons that were collected from churches in the Kyrenia area pre-1974 and has stored them in the castle's locked rooms for safekeeping. Some of these are now on display in the Archangel Michael Church.
Current features
The moat on the landward side of the castle was full of water prior to the 14th Century AD and served as a harbour to the castle. One enters the Castle through its north-west entrance, which opens on a bridge spanning the moat. From the first gate, lying to the north west of the fortified wall that the Venetians built, one comes to a vaulted corridor that leads to the entrance of the Lusignan castle. A passage to the left of the corridor gives entry to the cruciform Church of St. George. The dome of this church rests on marble columns with Corinthian capitals that were salvaged from an older building elsewhere and placed here.
The tomb in the entrance corridor of the Lusignan castle belongs to the Ottoman Admiral Sadik Pasha who conquered Kyrenia in 1570. The corridor then leads to the castle's large inner courtyard, which is lined with guardrooms, stables and living quarters. The arched rooms (royal guard rooms, prison etc.) to the north and east of the yard belong to the Lusignan Period. The Royal quarters to the west of the yard, as well as the big and arched windows of the little Latin Temple also date back to the Lusignan Period. On the southern part of the yard there are fortifications and remains belonging to the Byzantine Period. Ramps lead to the defences on the upper sections of the walls. One can climb steps to the Lusignan royal apartments and a small chapel. The depths of Kyrenia Castle contain dungeons, storage rooms and the powder magazines. Off the courtyard, there is a room displaying the finds from various archaeological sites such as the Akdeniz village tomb, the neolithic settlement at Vrysi, and the Kirni Bronze Age tomb. There is also a small souvenir shop and simple cafe at the northern end of the courtyard.
Shipwreck museum
One of the rooms leading off the courtyard contains the Shipwreck Museum, which exhibits the remains of a Greek merchant ship from the 4th century BC, one of the oldest vessels ever to be recovered, together with its cargo. In 1965, Andreas Kariolou, a Greek-Cypriot diver, discovered the vessel, laden with millstones and amphorae of wine from Kos and Rhodes. The vessel was sailing to Cyprus when a storm wrecked it outside Kyrenia harbour. In 1967 he showed the wreck to archeologists. A team, under Michael Katsev of the University of Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology, then studied the wreck from 1969 to 1974. The vessel was approximately already 80 years old at the time it sank. Today, the , made of Aleppo pine sheathed in lead, is preserved in a specially controlled environment in the Museum, together with its amphorae.
Popular culture
A large part of the PlayStation Portable game Assassin's Creed: Bloodlines takes place in Kyrenia and the castle.
References
External links
Kyrenia Castle guide with pictures
Buildings and structures completed in the 16th century
Castles in Northern Cyprus
Museums in Northern Cyprus
Castles and fortifications of the Knights Templar
Castle
Venetian fortifications in Cyprus
The Yanks Air Museum is a non-profit 501 (c)(3) organization and museum dedicated to exhibiting, preserving and restoring American aircraft and artifacts in order to show the evolution of American aviation, located at Chino Airport in Chino, California.
Chino facility and exhibits
Yanks Air Museum houses one of the largest and most historically significant collections of American aircraft including the World War II fighters, dive and torpedo bombers. The aircraft collection begins with the 1903 Wright Flyer (only replica in collection) and continues through the 1980s era represented by the F-15 Eagle, F-16 Fighting Falcon and Blue Angels F/A-18 Hornet. The collection exceeds 190 aircraft, with some being the last survivors of their type. Yank restores all aircraft to airworthy condition, and in the restoration of these rare aircraft only original factory specifications and materials are used.
The Chino facility encompasses under roof and covers . In addition to the display hangars, public access is permitted, on a supervised basis, to the main restoration hangar and boneyard where historic aircraft are in various stages of restoration. Some of the aircraft will not be flown due to their rarity, but are restored to fully airworthy condition.
Greenfield project
Work is now underway to create a second Yanks Air Museum facility in Greenfield, California. The facility will include , the campus will be centered on the new museum facility. An active airport will support both museum flight operations and the private aviation needs of museum visitors and local aviators. Other features include an advanced-technology education center, a hotel and spa, winery, restaurants, service facilities, shops and a recreational vehicle park.
Aircraft collection
A total of 190 aircraft are displayed, covering the period from 1903 through 1984 including the Inter-War period that includes the Ryan Brougham, American Eagle A-101 and Swallow TP.
Rare types on display from World War II includes the P-51A Mustang, Curtiss P-40 Warhawk, Lockheed P-38 Lightning, P-47M Thunderbolt, North American B-25 Mitchell, Douglas SBD Dauntless, Curtiss SB2C Helldiver and Grumman F6F Hellcat. Many of them were built in Southern California.
Aircraft collection
Aeronca C-2 Sport
Aeronca C-3
Aeronca K Scout
Aeronca 65CA Super Chief
American Eagle A-101
Beechcraft D-17S Staggerwing (UC-43)
Beechcraft Bonanza
Bell AH-1F Cobra
Bell OH-13E Sioux
Bell P-39N Airacobra
Bell P-63A Kingcobra
Bell UH-1H Huey
Bellanca 300-A Viking
Boeing B-52F Stratofortress (cockpit section only)
Brunner Winkle Bird BK
Canadian Home Rotors Safari
Canadair Sabre 6 (N/A F-86E)
Canadair Sabre 6 (N/A F-86F)
Cessna 172A Skyhawk
Cessna AW
Cessna T-37 Tweet
Cessna T-50 Bobcat (UC-78)
Chotia Gypsy
Command-Aire 3C3
Consolidated PB4Y-2 Privateer (Navy version of the B-24 Liberator)
Convair C-131 Samaritan (R4Y-1)
Convair F-106B Delta Dart
Curtiss JN-4D Jenny
Curtiss JNS Jenny
Curtiss C-1 Robin
Curtiss C-2 Robin
Curtiss C-46F Commando
Curtiss CW-1 Junior
Curtiss O-52 Owl
Curtiss P-40E Warhawk
Curtiss SB2C-3 Helldiver
Douglas A-4A Skyhawk
Douglas A-4C Skyhawk
Douglas A-4E Skyhawk
Douglas AD-4N Skyraider
Douglas C-47A Skytrain
Douglas KA-3B Skywarrior
Douglas SBD-4 Dauntless
Ercoupe 415-D
Fairchild C-123K Provider
Fairchild PT-26 Cornell
Fieseler 103 V-1 Rocket
Fleet 7B Fawn
General Dynamics F-16B Fighting Falcon
General Dynamics F-111D Aardvark
Grumman A-6E Intruder
Grumman E-2C Hawkeye
Grumman F-11F Tiger
Grumman F-14A Tomcat
Grumman F6F-3 Hellcat
Grumman F6F-5 Hellcat
Grumman F9F-2 Panther
Grumman F9F-6 Panther
Grumman F9F-8P Cougar
Grumman FM-2 Wildcat
Grumman G-21A Goose
Grumman G-44 Widgeon
Grumman HU-16B Albatross
Grumman TBF-1C Avenger
Hawker P.1101 Hunter T-7
Hawker Siddeley GR.3 Harrier
Kellett KD-1 Autogyro
Kreider-Reisner C-2 Challenger
Learjet 23
Lockheed EC-121T Super Constellation
Lockheed F-5G Lightning
Lockheed F-80C Shooting Star
Lockheed F-104A Starfighter
Lockheed F-104C Starfighter
Lockheed T-33A
Lockheed UC-40D Electra Junior
LTV A-7B Corsair II
Martin 4-0-4 (cockpit section)
McCulloch HUM-1 (MC-4A)
McDonnell Douglas F-15A Eagle
McDonnell Douglas F-4C Phantom II
McDonnell Douglas F-4J/S Phantom II
McDonnell Douglas F/A-18 Hornet
McDonnell Douglas F/A-18 Hornet (cockpit section)
Moth Aircraft DH.60GMW Gipsy Moth
Noorduyn Norseman
Naval Aircraft Factory N3N-3
North American B-25J Mitchell
North American F-100C Super Sabre
North American FJ-1 Fury
North American P-51A Mustang
North American P-51D Mustang
North American T-6D/SNJ-5 Texan
Northrop T-38A Talon
Northrop F-5 Tiger II
Piasecki HUP-3 Retriever
Porterfield 35-70 Flyabout
Republic F-84E Thunderjet
Republic F-84F Thunderstreak
Republic F-105D Thunderchief
Republic P-47D Thunderbolt
Republic YP-47M Thunderbolt
Ryan B-1 Brougham
Schultz ABC
Schweizer SGS 2-12
Sikorsky CH-3E
Sikorsky HH-52A Seaguard
Sikorsky R-4B Hoverfly
Sikorsky S-58B
Standard J-1
Stearman 4D
Stearman YPT-9B Cloudboy
Stinson L-5E Sentinel
Swallow TP
Taylor J-2 Cub
Thomas-Morse S-4C Scout
Travel Air 2000
Vickers PBY-5 Super Catalina
Vought F4U-4 Corsair
Vought OS2U-3 Kingfisher
Vultee BT-13B Valiant
Waco 10 GXE
Waco CG-4A Hadrian
Waco UEC
Wright Flyer (replica)
Yokosuka MXY-7 Ohka 11
See also
Planes of Fame Air Museum, another air museum located at Chino Airport.
List of aerospace museums
References
Notes
Bibliography
Ogden, Bob. Aviation Museums & Collections of North America. London: Air-Britain, 2007. .
Parker, Dana T. Building Victory: Aircraft Manufacturing in the Los Angeles Area in World War II. Cypress, California: Dana T. Parker Books, 2013. .
External links
Yanks Air Museum
Aerospace museums in California
Chino, California
Museums in San Bernardino County, California
Military and war museums in California
Behestan Darou () is a private joint stock pharmaceutical company based in Tehran, Iran. Founded in 2001, the company is currently one of the largest importers of finished pharmaceutical products in terms of sales and number of products imported. Formed subsequent to the Ministry of Health decision to privatize the Iranian pharmaceutical sector, the company imports and markets more than 300 generic and patented pharmaceuticals from a number of international pharmaceutical manufacturers.
Behestan Darou is a subsidiary of Behphar holding.
Behestan Darou's operation currently involves registration, importation and marketing of prescription and consumer healthcare products.
See also
Health care in Iran
References
External links
Behestan Darou
Behphar Holding
Pharmaceutical companies established in 2001
Pharmaceutical companies of Iran
In Russia, the Word of the Year () poll is carried out since 2007 by the Expert Council of the Centre for Creative Development of the Russian Language headed by Russian-American philologist Mikhail Epstein.
2015
In December 2015, Epstein reported in his blog "Snob" the following results.
Word of the year: БЕЖЕНЦЫ (Refugees), in reference to the refugee from the Middle East.
Phrase of the year:: НЕМЦОВ МОСТ (Nemtsov's Bridge), a suggestion to rename the bridge where Russian opposition leader Boris Nemtsov was assassinated.
Anti-language: ОБАМА - ЧМО (Obama chmo, "Obama the schmuck")
Neololgism: БЕССМЕРТНЫЙ БАРАК (Immortal Barrack, by Андрей Десницкий). The term was coined in an analogy to the "Immortal Regiment". The latter was an annual action to commemorate the nameless heroes perished in Great Partiotic War. The "Immortal Barrack" action was suggested to commemorate the perished in Stalinist Gulag labor camps.
2016
In December 2016, Epstein reported in his blog "Snob" the following results.
Word of the year: БРЕКСИТ (BREXIT), in reference to Brexit.
Phrase of the year:: ОЧЕРЕДЬ НА СЕРОВА/АЙВАЗОВСКОГО (Queue to Serov and Aivazovsky exhibitions, famous Russian artists of the 19th c.; there were huge queues to their exhibitions at Moscow Tretiakov gallery).
Anti-language: "Денег нет, но вы держитесь" (“There is no money for you, but you should stand firm" (Dmitry Medvedev's response to someone complaining about pensions in Crimea))
Neololgism: 1.ЗЛОВЦО (Evil word). 2.НЕУЕЗЖАНТ Non–leaver – the one who has the opportunity to emigrate but prefers to stay in Russia.
2017
In December 2017, Epstein reported in his blog "Snob" the following results.
Word of the year: РЕНОВАЦИЯ (renovation), in reference to the program on new housing in Moscow.
Phrase of the year:: ОН ВАМ НЕ ДИМОН (He is not Dimon for you, in reference to the title of A. Navalnyi's film on Dmitriy (Dimon) Medvedev)
Anti-language: Иностранный агент (Foreign agent)
Neololgism: 1.ГОП-ПОЛИТИКА, ГОП-ЖУРНАЛИСТИКА, ГОП-РЕЛИГИЯ (hoo–hoo–politics, hoo–hoo–journalism, hoo–hoo–religion, from Russian "gop-", "gopota" referring to "hoodlum" and "hooliganism" in various aspects of social life). 2. ДОМОГАНТ (harasser, in reference to sex–scandals in the USA)
Previous years
2007 — гламур ("glamour")
2008 — кризис ("crisis", Great Recession)
2009 — перезагрузка ("reset", Russian reset)
2010 — огнеборцы ("firefighters", 2010 Russian wildfires)
2011 — полиция ("police")
2012 — Болотная (Bolotnaya Square)
2013 — госдура (Gosdura, a pun with Gosduma, a Russian acronym for State Duma, dura is the feminine for durak, "fool")
2014 — крымнаш (, a contraction of "Крым наш", "Crimea is Ours")
2015 — беженцы ("refugees", European migrant crisis)
2016 — Брексит ("Brexit")
2017 — реновация (program of renovation of housing in Moscow)
2018 — Новичок ("Novichok" )
References
Russian-language "Word of the Year 2015": "СЛОВО ГОДА-2015. ИТОГИ ВЫБОРОВ"
Russian-language "Word of the Year 2016": "Куда движется язык? Слова и лейтмотивы 2016 года"
Russian-language "Word of the Year 2017": "СЛОВО-2017. Вербальный портрет года"
Russian language
Russia
ru:Слово года#Россия
Carnahan may refer to:
People
the Carnahan family from Missouri, including
Mel Carnahan (1934–2000), American lawyer and politician
Herschel L. Carnahan (1879–1941), American politician
J. P. Carnahan (1832–1912), American mathematician and politician
James Carnahan (1775–1859), American clergyman and educator
Jennifer Carnahan (born 1976), American politician
Joe Carnahan (born 1969), American film director, screenwriter, and producer
Matthew Carnahan (born 1961), American producer, writer, and director
Matthew Michael Carnahan, American screenwriter
Norman F. Carnahan (born 1942), American chemical engineer
Robert H. Carnahan (died 1913), American military officer
Scott Carnahan (born 1953), American professional tennis player
Suzanne Carnahan, birth name of Susan Peters (1921–1952), American actress
Alex Carnahan (aka Lex), character from the TV series Containment
Evelyn Carnahan, character from The Mummy film series
Places
Carnahan Courthouse, Missouri
Carnahan High School of the Future, Missouri
Carnahan House, Louisiana
Carnahan House (Pine Bluff, Arkansas)
Carnahan Run, Pennsylvania
The Société Parisienne d'Édition (S.P.É. or SPÉ), originally known as Offenstadt Frères then Publications Offenstadt, was a French publishing house founded by the Offenstadt brothers towards the end of the 19th century. They adopted the name "Société parisienne d'édition" just after the end of the First World War. The five Offenstadt brothers – Charles, Georges, Maurice, Nathan and Villefranche – had a wide range of publications within their portfolio, exploiting technical advances in low-cost colour lithography. They are best known for publishing popular periodicals aimed at the youth market, such as L'Épatant, L'Intrépide and L'Illustré; and comics, often featuring larger than life characters like Les Pieds nickelés, L'Espiègle Lili and Bibi Fricotin. They also published magazines aimed at adult audiences, providing a platform for emerging and sometimes controversial writers and artists – such as Maurice de Vlaminck and André Derain. They were among the first to publish (in Sciences et Voyages) Jean Vieuchange's bestselling account of the epic journey to Smara, made by Jean's brother, Michel Vieuchange in 1931.
The Offenstadt brothers were often the target of the moral censure of the period, particularly from French senator, René Bérenger, popularly known as père pudeur ("papa prudity"). Because of the brothers' Jewish origins, they were stripped of ownership of their publishing house in 1940 under the Aryanisation laws during the Occupation. They regained control in 1946 but by then competitors had moved into their niche and they were unable to repeat their pre-war successes. In the 1960s, SPE was taken over by Publications Georges Ventillard, which in turn disappeared in 1990.
Notable publications
Notes and sources
Notes
Sources
Publishing companies of France
Comic book publishing companies of France
Magazine publishing companies of France
Chloé Wang (; born April 18, 1992), known professionally as Chloe Bennet, is an American actress and singer. She starred as Daisy Johnson/Quake in the ABC superhero drama series Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. (2013–2020).
Early life
Chloe Bennet was born Chloé Wang on April 18, 1992, in Chicago, Illinois. She is the daughter of Bennet Wang, an investment banker and Stephanie Crane, an internist.
Bennet's mother is Anglo-American and her father is Chinese. She has seven brothers: four biological, two foster and one adopted; two are of African American ancestry and one is of Mexican and Filipino descent. She attended St. Ignatius College Prep.
Career
2007–2011: Music debut and acting beginnings
In 2007, at age 15, Bennet moved to China to pursue a singing career, under her birth name, Chloé Wang (). While in China, Bennet lived with her paternal grandmother and studied Mandarin. Back in the US, she released two singles, both in 2011: "Uh Oh" and "Every Day in Between".
In 2010 she moved to Los Angeles, California. Her first on-screen appearance was as a host for the short-lived TeenNick summer dance series The Nightlife. She appeared in the 2011 music video for South Korean band BIGBANG's "Tonight". While pursuing an acting career in Hollywood, she changed her name to "Chloe Bennet," after having trouble booking gigs with her last name. According to Bennet, using her father's first name, rather than his last name avoids difficulties being cast as an ethnic Asian American while respecting her father.
2012–present: Breakthrough
From 2012 to 2013, she had a recurring supporting role in the ABC drama series Nashville as Hailey. In December 2012, she was cast as a series regular on the ABC series Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., which premiered on September 24, 2013. Bennet portrayed a hacker known as Skye, who was revealed to be Daisy Johnson / Quake in the second season. Bennet was awarded the "Visionary Award" by East West Players, the longest-running professional theater of color in the United States, on April 21, 2017, at their annual gala. She dedicated her award "to all the little girls who want to be a superhero; I'm just a half Chinese girl from the southside of Chicago."
In 2019, Bennet was cast in the lead role as Yi in the animated film Abominable. She appeared in the 2020 film Valley Girl, a jukebox musical remake of the 1983 film of the same name, as Karen, the "Queen Bee". The film was originally scheduled for release in June 2018, but was postponed due to controversy around one of its cast members, Logan Paul.
In March 2021, she was cast as Blossom Utonium in the upcoming CW live-action pilot Powerpuff, alongside Dove Cameron as Bubbles and Yana Perrault as Buttercup. However, after a decision to reshoot the pilot episode and subsequent scheduling conflicts, Bennet left the project in August 2021.
Personal life
In 2018, she revealed that she has had anxiety and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder since childhood.
Bennet has described the American film and television industry as racist against Asian Americans and other people of Asian descent. In a 2016 interview, she noted, "Oh, the first audition I went on after I changed my name [from Wang to Bennet], I got booked. So that's a pretty clear little snippet of how Hollywood works." In September 2017, after actor Ed Skrein stepped down from his role as Major Ben Daimio in the then-in production film Hellboy following backlash over the fact that Skrein, a white actor, was playing Daimio, a character who is Japanese-American in the Hellboy comics, Bennet wrote a since-deleted post on Instagram in which she applauded Skrein's decision, and addressed her own experiences as an actress of Asian descent in Hollywood, saying, "Changing my last name doesn't change the fact that my BLOOD is half Chinese, that I lived in China, speak Mandarin or that I was culturally raised both American and Chinese. It means I had to pay my rent, and Hollywood is racist and wouldn't cast me with a last name that made them uncomfortable."
Filmography
Film
Television
Music videos
Discography
Singles
See also
History of the Chinese Americans in Chicago
References
External links
1992 births
21st-century American actresses
21st-century American singers
Actresses from Chicago
Models from Chicago
American actresses of Chinese descent
American film actresses
American soap opera actresses
American television actresses
American voice actresses
American models
American musicians of Chinese descent
Living people
St. Ignatius College Prep alumni
The Comal Power Plant was originally a lignite (brown coal) power generating facility, built starting in 1925, in New Braunfels, Comal County, Texas. It was decommissioned in the 1970s, and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004. It has since been converted to The Landmark Lofts apartments. At its peak, the plant supplied about 70,000 kWh.
History
The plant was built near the Comal Canal, which was the main source of water to cool the turbines and generators. Power was derived from fuel-burning steam generators, it was not a hydroelectric plant. The Comal Power Plant supplied power to central Texas, as well as several nearby military bases, particularly during World War II when the plant was temporarily under the direction of the United States War Department.
The plant was designed to use lignite, a low energy form of coal that, while relatively inexpensive, required special shipping and processing to use as a fuel source. Once natural gas was made available in the area around 1927, the plant began a conversion to natural gas as its primary heat source with fuel oil as a secondary source. This was completed in 1929, and reduced the manpower needed by the plant from a peak of 135 workers to less than half of that number. During the Great Depression, the plant reduced the work week from six to five days to allow additional workers to be added to the payroll.
In 1925, a small 23.5 ton 0-4-0 steam locomotive was built at Baldwin Locomotive Works for the San Antonio Public Services Company. This locomotive was used for only the two years the plant burned lignite and was subsequently put on display at the power plant after the conversion to gas and was regularly painted silver in an effort preserve it. The locomotive was equipped with a vastly oversized air compressor and five air tanks to operate a rotary car dumper in the plant. In the early 1960s, a group of volunteers who organized as the Texas Transportation Museum were able to get the locomotive donated to their new organization. They moved it to the old tracks around the Pearl Brewery San Antonio, Texas and fired it up there and used it to give train rides to passengers. After decades in storage, the locomotive is today fully preserved and restored and pulls regular train rides on the Longhorn and Western Railroad at the Texas Transportation Museum
Closing
The 1970s energy crisis caused the price of natural gas to climb and its availability to decrease, forcing the plant to switch to fuel oil when its natural gas contract expired at the start of 1973. The expense of the additional workers needed to maintain the plant when using fuel oil resulted in the closing of the facility on June 16, 1973. The turbine generators and ancillary equipment were sold or relocated to other plants in the late 1970s and 1980s. At the end, the remaining equipment was disassembled and sold for scrap.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Comal County, Texas
List of power stations in Texas
References
External links
Landmark Lofts web site
Industrial buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Texas
Neoclassical architecture in Texas
Buildings and structures completed in 1925
Energy infrastructure on the National Register of Historic Places
National Register of Historic Places in Comal County, Texas
Former coal-fired power stations in Texas
CPS Energy
Apartment buildings in Texas
Acrochalix is a genus of medium-sized sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Eulimidae.
Distribution
This species is mainly distributed within the north Atlantic Ocean.
Species
There is only one known species within this genus:
Acrochalix callosa Bouchet & Warén, 1986
References
External links
To World Register of Marine Species
Eulimidae
Belle Fiore Winery is a winery located off Dead Indian Memorial Road in Ashland, Oregon, United States. The property features an Italian-style wine pavilion and a 19,045-square-foot French-inspired mansion built by Edward Kerwin in 2004. Kerwin remains the owner and manager .
Belle Fiore was recognized at the 2015 Oregon Wine Experience. The winery earned several gold and double gold medals at the 2019 San Francisco Chronicle Wine Competition. Belle Fiore's 2015 Terramisso Tempranillo earned a gold medal at the 28th annual Indy International Wine Competition (2019).
In 2016, Kerwin was cited and fined by the county for "operating a restaurant without approval and not using prepackaged foods as required by land-use statutes governing wineries on rural farmland". He was in a seven-year legal dispute with neighboring Ashland Gun and Archery Club until 2019.
References
External links
Rosebud Original Video: So Famous Wine Belle Fiore Winery, Mail Tribune (April 14, 2019)
Ashland, Oregon
Wineries in Oregon
Commercial buildings completed in 2004
Billmasonius is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae. There is at least one described species in Billmasonius, B. cienci, found in Thailand.
References
Microgastrinae
USS General A. W. Brewster (AP-155) was a for the U.S. Navy in World War II. The ship was crewed by the U.S. Coast Guard throughout the war. She was named in honor of U.S. Army general Andre Walker Brewster. She was transferred to the U.S. Army as USAT General A. W. Brewster in 1946. On 1 March 1950 she was transferred to the Military Sea Transportation Service (MSTS) as USNS General A. W. Brewster (T-AP-155). She was later sold for commercial operation under the name SS Philadelphia, before being scrapped some time after November 1987.
Operational history
General A. W. Brewster (AP-155) was laid down 10 October 1944 under Maritime Commission contract (MC #712) by Kaiser Co., Inc., Yard 3, Richmond, California; launched 21 January 1945; sponsored by Mrs. Bert Hotchkiss; acquired and commissioned 23 April 1945.
After shakedown out of San Diego, the transport sailed 28 May from San Pedro. Transiting the Panama Canal, she arrived Avonmouth, England, 20 June and embarked troops for Pacific ports. Sailing westward, General A. W. Brewster passed through the canal again and arrived Humboldt Bay, New Guinea, 27 July 1945. She then sailed to the Philippines, remaining there until after the capitulation of Japan. The ship embarked veterans and returned to San Francisco 1 September.
General A. W. Brewster made three additional voyages to the Far East in the immediate postwar period, bringing home thousands of servicemen. She decommissioned at San Francisco 10 April 1946 and was transferred to the Maritime Commission and later to Army Transportation Service for Pacific duty.
One journey made by USAT General A. W. Brewster left Manila in September 1946 with elements of the U.S. Thirteenth Air Force and arriving in Oakland the next month.
The ship was reacquired by the Navy 1 March 1950 and sailed for the Military Sea Transportation Service with a civilian crew. General A. W. Brewster made many voyages to Korea and Japan during the next 3 years, carrying more than 67,000 troops.
A typical voyage of this period was one that arrived in San Francisco on 25 May 1952 and was documented by photojournalists with the San Francisco News-Call Bulletin.
In 1954 the ship was diverted to the coast of Indochina for Operation Passage to Freedom. During September and November General A. W. Brewster and other navy ships brought thousands of refugees out of the northern sector of Vietnam as that country was partitioned. Returning to San Francisco, the transport was placed in Reduced Operational Status in December 1954, and was returned to the Maritime Administration 26 July 1955 . General A. W. Brewster was placed in the National Defense Reserve Fleet, Suisun Bay, California, where she remained until being sold for commercial service in 1968 under the MARAD Ship Exchange Program.
The ship was rebuilt in 1968 by Bethlehem Steel Corp, Baltimore, MD as the container ship SS Philadelphia, USCG ON 516541, IMO 6903204, for Sea Land Service. She was sold for scrapping in Taiwan in November 1987. Her anchor is on display at the Freedom Park.General A. W. Brewster received five battle stars for Korean War service.
References
Further reading
External links
A. W. Brewster
Transport ships of the United States Army
Korean War auxiliary ships of the United States
Cold War auxiliary ships of the United States
Ships built in Richmond, California
1945 ships
Suisun Bay Reserve Fleet
is a private university in Tokyo, Japan. The school's two campuses are in Hino (along with the headquarters) and Ōme. It also offers correspondence courses which it introduced in 1967.
History
The university developed from the Meisei Gakuen Institute, that had been founded in 1951 as a parent to several schools that had been founded since 1923. The university was opened in 1964 with just one faculty, the Faculty of Physical Sciences and Engineering. Further faculties were added:
Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences, 1965.
Department of Economics, 1966.
Graduate School of Humanities and Social Sciences, 1971.
Graduate School of Physical Sciences and Engineering, 1972.
Faculty of Japanese Culture, 1992.
Faculty of Informatics, 1992.
Graduate School of Informatics, 1998.
Notable alumni
Naoki Urasawa - Japanese manga artist
External links
Official English Homepage
1964 establishments in Japan
Educational institutions established in 1964
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Tokyo
Hino, Tokyo
Ōme, Tokyo
Laurie Moraschi (;) (1942-2018) was an Australian rugby league footballer who played in the 1960s and 1970s. He played in the NSWRFL premiership for North Sydney and Balmain.
Early life
Moraschi was born in Ingham, Queensland but moved to Sydney and then Griffith at a young age. Moraschi played his junior rugby league with Griffith and starred in the local competition winning the NSW Country Player of the Year Award in 1965. In the same year, Moraschi also represented New South Wales and Country New South Wales before gaining the attention of Balmain and signed with them in 1966.
Playing career
Moraschi made his debut for Balmain in the 1966 season and in the same year was a member of the clubs losing grand final side against St George. Moraschi played a total of 34 games for Balmain but chose to sit out the entire 1969 season because of the way player transfer payments were handled by the NSWRL board. Two other players who played for Balmain Denis Tutty and Peter Jones also sat out the season. In the same year, Balmain went on to win their 11th and final premiership as a club when they upset Souths in the grand final.
In 1970, Moraschi chose to return to play rugby league and joined North Sydney. Moraschi spent 3 years at the club before retiring in 1972.
References
1942 births
2018 deaths
Australian rugby league players
North Sydney Bears players
Balmain Tigers players
Rugby league fullbacks
Rugby league players from Queensland
Bald Head () is a bare, ice-free headland on Yatrus Promontory situated southwest of View Point on the south side of Trinity Peninsula on the Antarctic Peninsula in Antarctica. It was probably first seen in 1902–03 by J. Gunnar Andersson's party of the Swedish Antarctic Expedition under Otto Nordenskiöld. The Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey charted it and applied the descriptive name in 1945.
Map
Trinity Peninsula. Scale 1:250000 topographic map No. 5697. Institut für Angewandte Geodäsie and British Antarctic Survey, 1996.
References
Headlands of Trinity Peninsula
Summit Township is one of eighteen townships in Callaway County, Missouri, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 8,873.
Geography
Summit Township as of 2018 covers an area of and contains one incorporated settlement, Holts Summit. It contains the streams of Cedar Creek, Clifton Creek, Niemans Creek and Turkey Creek—and seven cemeteries: Bull, Harthill, Link, Meng, Mount Vernon, Stokes and Wallace. It also includes the former incorporated town of Cedar City, which was absorbed by Jefferson City in 1989, thus extending the boundaries of Cole County's Jefferson City into a small area of Callaway County along the Missouri River.
History
Summit Township was created sometime between 1883 and June 1890 (per US Veterans Schedules of that date) from the southern half of what had since 1824 been a doubly-larger Cedar Township bounded on the south by the Missouri River. Maps showing this distinction can be found in the reference section of the article for Callaway County, Missouri. This means that Cedar City and Holts Summit had for about 65 years, since 1824, been inside the much larger boundaries of Cedar Township, but after Summit Township's creation were (and are) no longer so. Briefly, between 1821 and 1824, for about 3 years, the settlements of today's Cedar (New Bloomfield) and Summit (Holts Summit, Cedar City) townships were all part of a far, far larger historic Cote Sans Dessein township that covered the entire western half of Callaway County. This is significant for historical and genealogical research.
Transportation
Summit Township contains one airport or landing strip, Jefferson City Memorial Airport.
References
USGS Geographic Names Information System (GNIS)
External links
US-Counties.com
City-Data.com
Townships in Callaway County, Missouri
Jefferson City metropolitan area
Townships in Missouri
The Island Packet 27 is an American sailboat that was designed by Robert K. Johnson as a cruiser and first built in 1984.
Production
The design was built by Island Packet Yachts in the United States between 1984 and 1992. A total of 243 examples were completed, but it is now out of production.
Design
The Island Packet 27 is a recreational keelboat, built predominantly of fiberglass, with teak wood trim and a teak and holly cabin sole. It is a Cutter-rigged sloop, with a spooned raked stem , a vertical transom, a keel-mounted rudder controlled by a wheel and a fixed long keel or optional long keel and centerboard. It displaces and carries of ballast.
The keel-equipped version of the boat has a draft of , while the centerboard-equipped version has a draft of with the centerboard extended and with it retracted.
The boat is fitted with a Japanese Yanmar diesel engine of . The fuel tank holds and the fresh water tank has a capacity of .
The mainsheet traveler is on the rear taffrail. The cockpit features two jib winches and two halyard winches. The cockpit has room for eight adults and includes an icebox. There is a bowsprit with an anchor roller.
The galley is located on the port side of the boat and includes a two-burner alcohol-fired stove and optional pressure water supply. The head is located just aft of the forward "V"-berth, on the starboard side. Additional sleeping accommodation is provided by a cabin settee, which converts to a double berth, plus a single berth to port. The cabin table folds up against the bulkhead.
Cabin ventilation consists of six opening ports and a forward hatch.
Operational history
In a review, Richard Sherwood wrote of the design, "The keel model is standard, the centerboard version available at additional cost. The Packet is a cruiser, not intended for racing. The broad beam gives an unusually spacious interior."
See also
List of sailing boat types
Similar sailboats
Aloha 27
C&C 27
Cal 27
Cal 2-27
Cal 3-27
Catalina 27
Crown 28
CS 27
Express 27
Fantasia 27
Halman Horizon
Hotfoot 27
Hullmaster 27
Hunter 27
Hunter 27-2
Hunter 27-3
Irwin 27
Mirage 27 (Perry)
Mirage 27 (Schmidt)
O'Day 272
Orion 27-2
Tanzer 27
Watkins 27
Watkins 27P
References
Keelboats
1980s sailboat type designs
Sailing yachts
Sailboat type designs by Robert K. Johnson
Sailboat types built by Island Packet Yachts
A calypter is either of two posterior lobes of the posterior margin of the forewing of flies between the extreme posterior wing base and the alula, which covers the halteres.
The lower calypter is the proximal calypter (synonyms: squama (of some authors), tegula) and the upper calypter is the distal calypter (synonym: squamula).
Species of the subsection Acalyptratae are noted for lacking calypters.
References
James Francis McAlpine. Morphology and Terminology - Adults. In: J.F. McAlpine, B.V. Peterson, G.E. Shewell, H.J. Teskey, J.R. Vockeroth, D.M. Wood (a cura di) Manual of Nearctic Diptera, Volume 1. Research Branch, Agriculture Canada, Monograph 27, 1981: 9-64. . (In inglese).
Bernhard Merz, Jean-Paul Haenni. Morphology and terminology of adult Diptera (other than terminalia). In: László Papp, Béla Darvas (a cura di) Manual of Palaearctic Diptera. Volume 1: General and Applied Dipterology. Budapest, Science Herald, 2000: 22–51. . (In inglese).
Ermenegildo Tremblay. Entomologia applicata. Volume III Parte I. 1ª ed. Napoli, Liguori Editore, 1991. .
Calyptratae
Fly biology
Insect anatomy
Waithaka is a metropolitan settlement in Nairobi County, Kenya, located in the Dagoretti South Constituency, approximately west of Nairobi. It is located near Mutuini.
Waithaka (Riverside) is located on Dagoretti Road that leads to Dagoretti High school. Popular restaurant in the area The stream Inn Gardens offers car wash services and events meeting.
It is also famous for the branch of Quickmart Supermarkets that is located in the area.
Geographical features
Waithaka is a geographical settlement in Dagoretti South Constituency. This location is situated in Nairobi, Kenya, its geographical coordinates are 1° 17' 0" South, 36° 43' 0" East and its original name (with diacritics) is Waithaka.
References
Populated places in Nairobi Province
James Oscar Crump (March 14, 1898 – March 9, 1986) was an American Negro league second baseman in the 1920s.
A native of Jacksonville, Florida, Crump made his Negro leagues debut in 1921 with the Hilldale Club. He went on to play for the Brooklyn Royal Giants, and finished his career in 1923 with the Bacharach Giants. Crump died in Salem, Virginia in 1986 at age 87.
References
External links
and Baseball-Reference Black Baseball stats and Seamheads
1898 births
1986 deaths
Bacharach Giants players
Brooklyn Royal Giants players
Hilldale Club players
Baseball second basemen
Baseball players from Jacksonville, Florida
20th-century African-American sportspeople
María del Pilar del Río Sánchez (born March 15, 1950) is a Spanish journalist, writer and translator. She is the president of José Saramago Foundation.
Biography
Pilar del Río was born in Castril (Granada) in 1950, to Antonio and Carmen, the eldest of fifteen children. She worked as a journalist at TVE and Sevilla's Canal Sur.
In 1986, del Río met the Portuguese writer José Saramago after she read all his books translated to Spanish. They got married two years later, in 1988, and decided to live in Lisbon, moving afterwards in 1993 to Lanzarote, one of the Spanish Canary Islands. She lived with José Saramago until his death, in 2010, also translating many of Saramago's works to Spanish. In 2010, after her husband's death, del Río acquired Portuguese citizenship.
Pilar del Río is president of the José Saramago Foundation. On May 26, 2017 she was awarded the Luso-Spanish Arts and Culture Prize at the National Library of Spain.
Works
Los andaluces (written with Juan Teba). Barcelona: Editorial Epidauro, 1979.
Translations
Books by José Saramago which Del Río translated to Spanish:
Todos os Nomes (Todos los nombres). Madrid: Santillana, 2001.
A Caverna (La caverna). Madrid: Santillana, 2001.
A Maior Flor do Mundo (La flor más grande del mundo). Madrid: Alfaguara, 2001
O Homem Duplicado (El hombre duplicado). Madrid: Alfaguara, 2002.
O Conto da Ilha Desconhecida (El cuento de la isla desconocida). Madrid: Suma de Letras, 2002.
Ensaio sobre a Lucidez (Ensayo sobre la lucidez). Madrid : Santillana, 2004.
As Intermitências da Morte (Las intermitencias de la muerte). Madrid: Alfaguara, 2005.
As Pequenas Memórias (Las pequeñas memorias). Madrid: Alfaguara, 2007.
A Viagem do Elefante (El viaje del elefante). Madrid: Santillana, 2010.
Caim (Caín). Madrid: Punto de Lectura, 2011.
Claraboia (Claraboya), (written in 1952). Madrid: Alfaguara, 2011.
Alabardas (Alabardas), (unfinished). Madrid: Alfaguara, 2014.
See also
José and Pilar, a 2010 documentary about her and Saramago.
References
1950 births
Living people
People from the Province of Granada
Spanish journalists
Spanish translators
Portuguese–Spanish translators
Translators of José Saramago
Spanish women writers
Spanish women journalists
20th-century Spanish women
21st-century Spanish women
"Get Together", also known as "Let's Get Together" and "Everybody Gets Together", is a song by American rock band the Youngbloods, originally included in their 1967 debut album The Youngbloods. It was written in the mid-1960s by American singer-songwriter Chet Powers (stage name Dino Valenti), from psychedelic rock band Quicksilver Messenger Service. The single was The Youngbloods' only Top 40 on Billboard Hot 100peaking at number five in 1969.
Background
The song is an appeal for peace and brotherhood, presenting the polarity of love versus fear, and the choice to be made between them. It is best remembered for the impassioned plea in the lines of its refrain ("Come on people now/Smile on your brother/Everybody gets together/Try to love one another right now"), which is repeated several times in succession to bring the song to its conclusion.
Original recording history
The song was originally recorded as "Let's Get Together" by the Kingston Trio in a live performance in March 1964 that was released on June 1, 1964, on their album Back in Town. While it was not released as a single, this version was the first to bring the song to the attention of the general public. The Kingston Trio often performed it live.
Cover versions
A version of the song first broke into the top forty in 1965, when We Five, produced by Kingston Trio manager Frank Werber, released "Let's Get Together" as the follow-up to their top ten hit "You Were on My Mind". While it did not achieve the same level of success as the other, "Let's Get Together" provided the group with a second top 40 hit on the Billboard Hot 100 when it peaked at number 31 and number 5 in Canada. It would be their last hit record. This was included on their second album, Make Someone Happy.
The most notable recording came in 1967, when the Youngbloods released their version of the song under the title "Get Together". It became a minor Hot 100 hit for them, peaking at number 62 and reaching 37 on the US adult contemporary chart. However, renewed interest in the Youngbloods' version came when it was used in a radio public service announcement as a call for brotherhood by the National Conference of Christians and Jews. The Youngbloods' version, the most-remembered today, was re-released in 1969, peaking at number 5 on the Billboard Hot 100.
In 1968, The Sunshine Company recorded a version of the song, under the title "Let's Get Together".
Also in 1968, the Canadian group 3's a Crowd released their version of the song as a single, titled "Let's Get Together". It peaked at number 70 on Canada's national singles chart.
In 1970, Gwen and Jerry Collins released a version of the song as a single that reached number 34 on the US country chart.
In March 1970, the Dave Clark Five reached number 8 on the UK Singles Chart with their version retitled "Everybody Gets Together".
In 1995, Big Mountain released a version of the song as a single that reached number 28 on the US adult contemporary chart and number 44 on the Billboard Hot 100. It also reached number 32 on Cash Box.
Chart history
Weekly charts
The Youngbloods
The Dave Clark Five
Year-end charts
Legacy
The Youngbloods version of the song has been featured in several films, including: Purple Haze, Forrest Gump, The Dish, Stephen King's Riding the Bullet, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, Walk Hard: The Dewey Cox Story, and Cats & Dogs: The Revenge of Kitty Galore.
The refrain's lyrics are shouted in muted voice by Krist Novoselic at the beginning of the song “Territorial Pissings” on the Nirvana 1991 album Nevermind.
In 1990, the song was used in the TV series Midnight Caller titled "Ryder on the Storm".
Following the September 11 terrorist attacks, the media conglomerate company Clear Channel Communications included the Youngbloods' version of the song on a list of "lyrically questionable" songs that was sent to its 1,200 radio stations in the United States.
See also
List of 1960s one-hit wonders in the United States
References
External links
Get Together at Songfacts.com
1963 release by The Folkswingers
Beyond the Summer of Love, 'Get Together' Is An Anthem For Every Season, NPR, April 10, 2019
Peace songs
1963 songs
1965 singles
1967 singles
1968 singles
1969 singles
1970 singles
1995 singles
The Kingston Trio songs
We Five songs
The Youngbloods songs
The Dave Clark Five songs
Jefferson Airplane songs
Judy Collins songs
Joni Mitchell songs
The Staple Singers songs
The Carpenters songs
Andy Williams songs
Ray Stevens songs
Louis Armstrong songs
Indigo Girls songs
Wilson Phillips songs
Song recordings produced by Felix Pappalardi
Anti-war songs
A&M Records singles
RCA Victor singles
Imperial Records singles
Songs written by Chet Powers
Lucky Jim is a 2003 British television comedy film directed by Robin Sheppard and starring Stephen Tompkinson, Robert Hardy and Keeley Hawes. It is an adaptation of the 1954 novel Lucky Jim by Kingsley Amis.
Cast
Stephen Tompkinson as Jim Dixon
Robert Hardy as Professor Neddy Welch
David Ryall as Stanley
Helen McCrory as Margaret Peel
Anthony Calf as Cecil Goldsmith
Hugh Parker as Alfred Beesley
Robert Wilfort as Evan Johns
Tim Wylton as Mr. Wilson
Ursula Jones as Mrs. Cutler
Penelope Wilton as Celia Welch
Stephen Mangan as Bertrand Welch
Keeley Hawes as Christine Callaghan
Hermione Norris as Carol Goldsmith
Anthony Smee as Mr. Pringle
Denis Lawson as Julius Gore-Urqhart
Ian Lindsay as Bus Conductor
Dorian Lough as Taxi Driver
Rick Warden as Mr. Catchpole
References
Bibliography
External links
2003 television films
2003 films
British television films
British comedy films
British satirical films
2000s English-language films
Films based on works by Kingsley Amis
Films set in universities and colleges
ITV television dramas
2000s British films
Martin Sorensen is a Danish lightweight rower. He won a gold medal at the 1992 World Rowing Championships in Montreal with the lightweight men's eight.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Danish male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Denmark
Living people
"Cloud Number Nine" (sometimes spelled as "Cloud #9" or "Cloud Number 9") is a song by Canadian singer-songwriter Bryan Adams. It was released on May 3, 1999, as the third single from his eighth studio album, On a Day Like Today (1998). The single version is notable for being one of the few remixes Bryan Adams released with British musician Chicane. "Cloud Number Nine" reached number six on the UK Singles Chart, number seven in Canada, and number 13 in Austria.
Versions
Album version
The song was first released on Adams' 1998 album On a Day Like Today, and is the only release where it appears in its original form. It was produced by Bob Rock and mixed by Adams' longtime collaborator, Bob Clearmountain.
Demo version
A demo version of the song appears on the CD single "The Best of Me", released in November 1999, following the chart run of the Chicane Mix. It features a prominent beat throughout the recording, provided by co-writer Max Martin. He used a similar beat on his early productions for Britney Spears. Also, the released demo version had a longer first verse than the one ending up on the album and all other subsequent versions. According to co-writer Gretchen Peters, who wrote most of the song's lyrics, it was Adams' decision to scrap the lines.
Chicane Mix
It was remixed by British electronic artist Chicane, with synthesizers added, as well as a drum sample from Gota Yashiki's "Groove Activator". It was released as a single in May 1999 in Europe. The single reached number 6 in the UK Singles Chart, and became a top 10 hit in Ibiza. Chicane said upon its release in 1999, he'd turned down a previous offer of remixing a Bryan Adams single, due to a lack of time. Chicane later worked with Adams on the songs "Don't Give Up", "East Side Story", and "She's Got a Way".
Chicane's mix of the song was featured on Bryan Adams' compilation album The Best of Me, however simply titled "Cloud Number Nine". It appeared again on his 2005 Anthology album, this time correctly titled as "Cloud Number Nine (Chicane Mix)". The Chicane Mix has become the standard live version for Adams. In 2000, Chicane joined Adams onstage to perform this song and "Don't Give Up", as can be seen on the DVD Live At Slane Castle.
Bascombe Mix
Among the versions considered for a radio edit of "Cloud Number Nine", was a remix made by Dave Bascombe. The Bascombe Mix eventually ended up on the second CD of the UK single and hasn't appeared anywhere else since its release.
Live versions
Adams performed "Cloud Number Nine" live in a three piece setting during his extensive world tour, starting in 1999, with a stage set and costume designs mimicking the music video to the song. Live recordings of the song ended up on several CD and DVD releases in the next few years. Most versions are based on the Chicane Mix, at one time even performing it with Chicane himself. The song was performed during most subsequent tours, although most commonly with a full band setting.
Music video
The music video made for this single, features mainly the color white. Adams is dressed in all white, in a white room with an Asian woman who is body painted all white. Various images and things that are white are featured in the video such as milk, white paint, eggs, a dove, and a white dog. The video contains several elements seen in Adams' previous music video, "When You're Gone" - most notably the tape recorder and the apples. While being reviewed on the Saturday morning show Live & Kicking on BBC 1, dance producer Norman Cook commented: "The most positive thing I can say about it, is that it's very white."
Track listings
UK CD1
"Cloud #9" (Chicane Mix)
"Let's Talk About Love"
"When You're Gone" (acoustic version featuring Melanie C)
UK CD2
"Cloud #9" (Chicane Mix)
"Cloud #9" (Bascombe Mix)
Snippets ("C'mon C'mon"/"Inside Out"/"Where Angels Fear to Tread")
European CD single
"Cloud #9" (Chicane Mix)
"Let's Talk About Love"
Australian CD single
"Cloud #9" (Chicane Mix)
"Let's Talk About Love"
"When You're Gone" (acoustic version)
Snippets ("C'mon C'mon"/"Inside Out"/"Where Angels Fear to Tread")
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
1998 songs
1999 singles
A&M Records singles
Bryan Adams songs
Canadian soft rock songs
Mercury Records singles
Song recordings produced by Bob Rock
Songs written by Bryan Adams
Songs written by Gretchen Peters
Songs written by Max Martin
Chikkadu Dorakadu is a 1988 Telugu-language action film, produced by S. P. Venkanna Babu for Maheswari Movies and directed by Relangi Narasimha Rao. It stars Rajendra Prasad, Rajani and music composed by Raj–Koti.
Plot
Raja and Rani are petty thieves, they are students of a thieves college headed by Principal Krishna Paramatma. In the beginning, their acquaintance starts with funny quarrels and later both of them fall in love. Parallelly, Gayatri Devi owner of Ratnagiri estate has two sons Pedababu Pradeep and Chinababu Dileep. Pradeep died in a car accident, he has a wife Sumitra, and three children. Sumitra went into mental shock in that accident. Meanwhile, Dileep is studying in the states. Therefore, Gayatri Devi's three brothers Satyam, Sivam, and Sundaram are looking after her property. All of them are criminals, who have murdered Pradeep, waiting for an opportunity to kill Dileep and also to grab their property and most valuable the family heritage Suryakanthi diamond. Once in the city, the trio surprises to see Raja who resembles Dileep. So, they make a plan and replace him instead of Dileep by telling him cock and bull story and luring him with money. On the other side, Sundaram secretly gives a deal to Krishna Paramatma for the robbery of the Suryakanthi diamond. He assigns the task to Rani and she too reaches the estate as a teacher to the children in the name of Seeta Devi. Both Raja & Rani meet there but they act as if they don't know each other. After some time, after the trio's killed Dileep inducted Raja and makes him arrested. But surprisingly Dileep comes back and Raja also escapes from jail to revenge against the trio. In this process, Rani detects that Raja is only playing the double game as Dileep too. When she questions about this, he reveals the depravity and evil plans of the trio and he is out with the help of S.I.Rama Rao the wellwisher of the family brings out the crimes of the trio. The rest of the story is a comic tale, that which Raja protects the family, teasing the trio and seeing their end.
Cast
Rajendra Prasad as Raja & Chinnababu Dileep (Dual Role)
Rajani as Rani / Seeta Devi
Satyanarayana as Peddodu Satyam
Gollapudi Maruti Rao as Principal Krishna Paramatma
Giri Babu as Chinnodu Sivam
Ranganath as S. I. Rama Rao
Suthi Veerabhadra Rao as Head Constable
Suthi Velu as Dumbu
Allu Ramalingaiah as Teacher
Brahmanandam as Bullodu Sundaram
Chidatala Appa Rao as Thief
Satti Babu as Thief
Madan Mohan as Lawyer Tikamaka Rao
Malladi as Judge
Manjula as Gayatri Devi
Jyothi as Sumitra
Maya as Kasulamma
Soundtrack
Music composed by Raj–Koti. Lyrics were written by Veturi. Music released on LEO Audio Company.
Others
VCDs and DVDs on - SHALIMAR Video Company, Hyderabad
References
1988 films
Films scored by Raj–Koti
Indian comedy films
Films directed by Relangi Narasimha Rao
1980s Telugu-language films
1988 comedy films
Edmonia Henderson (c. 1898 or 1900 – February 17, 1947) was an American classic female blues singer. She was active as a recording artist in the mid-1920s, recording at least 14 songs between 1924 and 1926. She later became an evangelist.
At various times, Henderson sang accompanied by Jelly Roll Morton, Tommy Ladnier, Lovie Austin, Eddie Heywood, and Johnny Dodds.
Career
Some sources state that she was born Jennie Katherine Edmonia Henderson, in Jefferson County, Kentucky (present-day Louisville), around 1900. However, the researchers Bob Eagle and Eric LeBlanc state that she was born Edmonia Kath Landen in Tennessee in 1898.
Henderson appeared in vaudeville, both as a solo artist and as part of Joe Clark's Revue, performing on the Theater Owners Booking Association circuit, including appearances in Baltimore, Chicago, and Nashville. In 1925, she performed in Radio Girls, another vaudeville revue, which included Bessie Williams, Mamie Jefferson, and Baby Badge.
Henderson's first recording was made in 1924. She recorded "Dead Man Blues" in 1926, with accompaniment by the writer of the song, Jelly Roll Morton, on piano. In 1927, a record of hers was released in the United Kingdom by the British record label Oriole, as part of its Race Series, under licence from Vocalion. The series also included recordings by Rosa Henderson and Viola McCoy.
By 1928, she was teaching and giving gospel concerts at the Griffith Conservatory of Music in Louisville. In 1932, she married and became the Reverend Edmonia Buckner.
Her work has appeared on various compilation albums, including The Rise and Fall of Paramount Records 1917–1927, Volume 1 (2013).
She is unrelated to Fletcher, Horace, Katherine, or Rosa Henderson.
Henderson died on February 17, 1947, in Louisville and was interred in Louisville Cemetery.
Selected discography
See also
List of classic female blues singers
References
External links
Discography at The Honking Duck
Year of birth uncertain
1947 deaths
20th-century African-American women singers
American blues singers
Classic female blues singers
Vocalion Records artists
Okeh Records artists
Paramount Records artists
Musicians from Louisville, Kentucky
20th-century American singers
Singers from Kentucky
Blues musicians from Kentucky
Kentucky women singers
20th-century American women singers
The Karangahake Gorge lies between the Coromandel and Kaimai ranges, at the southern end of the Coromandel Peninsula in New Zealand's North Island. A sharply winding canyon, it was formed by the Ohinemuri River. State Highway 2 passes through this gorge between the towns of Paeroa, Waikino and Waihi. This road is the main link between the Waikato region and the Bay of Plenty.
The East Coast Main Trunk Railway used to run through the gorge until it was bypassed by the Kaimai Deviation - and the Karangahake Gorge section is now a combined walkway and cycleway, part of the Hauraki Rail Trail.
There are also several walks and tracks starting at the Karangahake Reserve car park and picnic area; ranging from 30 minutes to over 2 hours.
Mining
The area has a strong connection to mining, and even in the 2010s, a number of companies have been prospecting and mining the area, though with much less visible and invasive methods than were used historically.
The Talisman, Crown and Woodstock stamping battery remains at the lower end of the gorge are some of the most significant reminders of the time. Their location at the confluence of the Waitawheta River and the Ohinemuri River was chosen to make use of the available water power of the rivers. Mining at the batteries occurred roughly from the 1880s to 1950s, with the most productive years around the turn of the century, when the area produced 60 percent of the total gold from New Zealand. The batteries used to crush the ore from the extensive tunnels mined through the steep local mountainsides of the Waitawheta Gorge, with the Victoria Battery one of the largest and most advanced at the time.
Walks
At Karangahake, several walks and tracks ranging from 30 minutes to over 2 hours start at the Karangahake Reserve car park and picnic area. One of the most spectacular walks in the area is the "Windows Walk", a loop walk that leads through the old gold mining tunnels of the Talisman Mine, crosses the Waitawheta River over a suspension bridge, and joins the Crown Tramway Track back along the cliffs of the Waitawheta Gorge. The path follows the route of a bush tramway and passes by "windows" in the cliff face at the end of mining tunnels, which were used to tip tailings down into the Waitawheta Gorge. Two of the mining tunnels, which are about tall and wide, are safe to enter. They end abruptly after about and are home to glowworms and cave weta.
The Woodstock Underground Pumphouse in the Waitawheta Gorge is also still accessible via a short detour from the Crown Tramway Track.
The East Coast Main Trunk Railway used to run through the gorge until it was bypassed by the Kaimai Deviation. The Karangahake Gorge section of the line, including a 1100-metre tunnel, is now a combined walkway and cycleway, part of the Hauraki Rail Trail, and together with the natural sights of the gorge, makes it into a well-visited local tourist attraction. The railhead at the Waikino end of the gorge still exists, preserved as part of the Goldfields Railway to Waihi.
Demographics
Karangahake is defined by Statistics New Zealand as a rural settlement and covers . It is part of the wider Paeroa Rural statistical area.
Karangahake had a population of 321 at the 2018 New Zealand census, an increase of 24 people (8.1%) since the 2013 census, and unchanged since the 2006 census. There were 138 households, comprising 165 males and 159 females, giving a sex ratio of 1.04 males per female, with 45 people (14.0%) aged under 15 years, 30 (9.3%) aged 15 to 29, 165 (51.4%) aged 30 to 64, and 75 (23.4%) aged 65 or older.
Ethnicities were 98.1% European/Pākehā, 13.1% Māori, 0.9% Pacific peoples, 0.9% Asian, and 0.9% other ethnicities. People may identify with more than one ethnicity.
Although some people chose not to answer the census's question about religious affiliation, 57.9% had no religion, 27.1% were Christian, 0.9% were Buddhist and 6.5% had other religions.
Of those at least 15 years old, 39 (14.1%) people had a bachelor's or higher degree, and 69 (25.0%) people had no formal qualifications. 12 people (4.3%) earned over $70,000 compared to 17.2% nationally. The employment status of those at least 15 was that 108 (39.1%) people were employed full-time, 39 (14.1%) were part-time, and 18 (6.5%) were unemployed.
Education
Karangahake School is a co-educational state primary school, with a roll of as of The school was established in 1889.
See also
Kaimai Range
References
External links
Information on the history of Gold mining in the gorge
Canyons and gorges of New Zealand
Hauraki District
Landforms of Waikato
Coromandel Peninsula
Ludgershall is the name of more than one place. The name is Anglo Saxon in origin, meaning 'nook with a trapping spear'.
In the United Kingdom:
Ludgershall, Buckinghamshire, England
Ludgershall, Wiltshire, England
Ludgershall (UK Parliament constituency), former parliamentary borough
Party Crasher Tour 2009 is a club European tour by Per Gessle in support of his studio solo album Party Crasher. The tour was held in Europe from 16 April, till 10 May 2009. Along with the songs from the aforementioned CD, Gessle and his band played tracks by Roxette and from Gessle's solo albums like The World According to Gessle, Son of a Plumber, etc.
For Gessle's fans, as well as for Roxette's ones, this tour was important, because Marie Fredriksson joined Per on stage in Amsterdam and in Stockholm, which brought about the reunion of Roxette. This was confirmed when a press release stated they were to perform later in 2009 at the "Night of the Proms" series in Europe in October–December 2009.
On 28 March 2009, Helena Josefsson told on her official site, that her husband Martinique will play as support act during the tour. Before the tour started, three weeks rehearsals were held in Stockholm. Per also asked his fans at The Daily Roxette portal, which 3 songs would they like him to perform live. Thus, he wanted to choose some tracks he has never played live, which his fans would like to hear.
Two days before the tour started, on 14 April 2009, in Stockholm's Tyrol club, a promo concert was held for the band members' friends and the EMI officials.
Some of the material recorded from the tour was released as an album, Gessle over Europe.
On 6 May 2009, at the concert in Amsterdam, Marie Fredriksson joined Per onstage, to thunderous applause from the crowd. They sang "It Must Have Been Love".
Tour dates
Musicians
Per Gessle — lead vocal, guitars, harmonica
Clarence Ofwerman — keyboards
Pelle Alsing — drums
Christoffer Lundquist — guitars, backing-vocals
Helena Josefsson — vocal, percussion
Magnus Borjesson — bass-guitar, backing-vocals
Marie Fredriksson — lead vocal (only in Amsterdam on 4 May and Stockholm on 10 May), for the songs "It must have been love" & "The Look")
Playlist
"Dressed for Success"
"Drowning in Wonderful Thoughts about Her"
"Stupid"
"The Party Pleaser"
"Wish I Could Fly"
"She Doesn't Live Here Anymore"
"7 Twenty 7"
"I Have a Party In My Head (I Hope It Never Ends)"
"Late, Later on"
"Listen to Your Heart"
"Do You Wanna Be My Baby?"
"Opportunity Nox"
band presentation
"Doesn't Make Sense"
"Church of Your Heart"
"Dangerous"
"Joyride"
extra
"C'mon"
"Are you an Old Hippie, Sir?"
"The Look"
"It Must Have Been Love"
extra-extra
"Hey Mr. DJ (Won't You Play Another Love Song)" (Only in Gent (1st one), London and Stockholm)
"(I'm Not Your) Steppin' Stone"
"Sleeping in My Car" (beginning from Cologne)
"Queen of Rain"
Newspaper reviews
Swedish newspaper Dagens Nyheter writes a positive review about the first show of the tour in Tavastia club in Helsinki, Finland. Reporter Nils Hansson writes that according to the set list, Roxette must be back very very soon.
Swedish tabloid Aftonbladet gave the first show 3 out of 5, as well as Expressen.
After concert in Halmstad, the Swedish newspaper Hallandsposten called Gessle and his music "a symbol of summer in Sweden".
External links
Per Gessle's official site
Martinique Josefsson's tour blog
Official info about the tour
Per Gessle @ Music Web Navigator
Pictures @ RexFeatures
References
Per Gessle
Roxette
2009 concert tours
The Diocese of Montecorvino (Latin: Dioecesis Montis Corbini) was a Roman Catholic diocese located between the towns of Motta Montecorvino and Pietramontecorvino, both in the Province of Foggia. In 1433, it was united with the Diocese of Vulturara to form the Diocese of Vulturara e Montecorvino. In 1968 it was restored as the Titular Episcopal See of Montecorvino.
References
Former Roman Catholic dioceses in Italy
Marvin Friedrich (; born 13 December 1995) is a German professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Bundesliga club Borussia Mönchengladbach.
Club career
In 2011, Friedrich joined the Schalke 04's youth academy. He made his Bundesliga debut on 13 September 2014 against Borussia Mönchengladbach in a 4–1 away defeat.
On 17 June 2016, it was announced that Friedrich had joined Augsburg on a three-year deal.
In January 2018, Friedrich moved to 2. Bundesliga side Union Berlin on a -year contract until summer 2021. Augsburg secured an option re-sign Friedrich and, in May 2019, it was announced that FC Augsburg had redeemed the buy-back option for €1 million only to sell him back to Union Berlin for financial aspects. On 5 July 2019, Friedrich returned to Union Berlin in a permanent deal on a three-year contract for €2.5 million.
On 11 January 2022, Friedrich signed for Borussia Mönchengladbach.
International career
Friedrich made his debut for the Germany u19 team on 16 April 2014 in a 5–2 win over the Belgium u19 team in which Friedrich came on in the 60th minute for Anthony Syhre and within six minutes Friedrich celebrated his debut goal for the Germany u19 team. Friedrich was in the Germany U19 team for the 2014 UEFA European Under-19 Championship in Hungary and made two brief appearances. After a 1–0 win over Portugal u19 team in the final, Friedrich became European champion.
Style of play
Friedrich is a versatile defender, Friedrich is primarily deployed in the defensive positions of centre-back and right-back or left-back, and he is technically and physically similar to Benedikt Höwedes. Friedrich's strength, running, and tactical intelligence on the football pitch, are just some of his qualities.
Career statistics
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Kassel
German footballers
Footballers from Hesse
Association football central defenders
Germany youth international footballers
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
FC Schalke 04 players
FC Schalke 04 II players
FC Augsburg players
1. FC Union Berlin players
Borussia Mönchengladbach players
Hangzhou Museum, formerly "Hangzhou History Museum", is a national first-grade museum in Hangzhou, Zhejiang, China.
History
Hangzhou History Museum was established in 2001. It was reconstructed and reopened as Hangzhou Museum on June 9, 2012. Later Hangzhou Museum became a national second-grade museum.
On 18 May 2019, it was promoted to a national first-grade museum.
Exhibition
The museum primarily showcases the history of Hangzhou. Its permanent collection includes relics from many eras, including works considered to be national treasures. There is a hall dedicated to stamps, and another displaying works of calligraphers and painters from the region as well. The museum has incorporated many elements of modern technology. It also hosts temporary exhibits.
There are hundreds of models of food, including pastries made during the Song Dynasty, 800 years ago.
See also
National first-grade museums of China
References
External links
Museums established in 2001
Museums in Hangzhou
2001 establishments in China
National first-grade museums of China
Decatur County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of the 2020 United States Census, the population was 26,472. The county seat (and only incorporated city) is Greensburg.
History
In 1787, the US defined the Northwest Territory which included the area of present-day Indiana. In 1800, Congress separated Ohio from the Northwest Territory, designating the rest of the land as the Indiana Territory. President Thomas Jefferson chose William Henry Harrison as the governor of the territory, and Vincennes was established as the capital. After the Michigan Territory was separated and the Illinois Territory was formed, Indiana was reduced to its current size and geography. By December 1816 the Indiana Territory was admitted to the Union as a state.
Starting in 1794, Native American titles to Indiana lands were extinguished by usurpation, purchase, or war and treaty. The United States acquired land from the Native Americans in the 1809 treaty of Fort Wayne, and by the treaty of St. Mary's in 1818 considerably more territory became property of the government. This included the future Decatur County, which was authorized by the state legislature on 12 December 1821. No settler was allowed in the area until the government survey was completed in 1820.
The Decatur County governing structure was formed in 1822. The county was named for Commodore Stephen Decatur, Jr., naval officer in the First and Second Barbary Wars, and in the War of 1812. Decatur was killed in a duel in 1820.
Geography
The low rolling hills are devoted to agriculture or urban development, with only the areas carved by drainages still wooded. The highest point (1,097 feet/334 meters ASL) is a hillock 0.8 mile (1.3 km) SSE from Kingston.
The Flatrock River flows westward through the upper part of the county, continuing into Shelby County. Clifty Creek flows southwestward through the central part of the county, continuing into Bartholomew, and Sand Creek flows south-southwestward through the lower center of the county, continuing into Jennings County.
According to the 2010 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 99.80%) is land and (or 0.20%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Rush County – north
Franklin County – east
Ripley County – southeast
Jennings County – south
Bartholomew County – west
Shelby County – northwest
City and towns
Greensburg (city/county seat)
Millhousen
New Point
St. Paul (part)
Westport
Census-designated places
Clarksburg
Lake Santee
Unincorporated places
Adams
Alert
Burney
Craig
Downeyville
Ewington
Forest Hill
Gaynorsville
Germantown
Harper
Harris City
Horace
Kingston
Knarr Corner
Letts
Letts Corner
McCoy
Mechanicsburg
Milford
New Pennington
Pinhook
Rossburg
Saint Maurice
Saint Omer
Sandusky
Sardinia
Slabtown
Smyrna
Tarkeo Corner
Waynesburg
Williamstown
Townships
Adams
Clay
Clinton
Fugit
Jackson
Marion
Salt Creek
Sand Creek
Washington
Major highways
Interstate 74
U.S. Route 421
Indiana State Road 3
Indiana State Road 46
Protected areas
Greenburg Reservoir State Fishing Area
Lakes
Greenburg Reservoir
Lake McCoy
Lake Santee
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in Greensburg have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1985 and a record high of was recorded in July 1954. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in May.
Government
The county government is a constitutional body, and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana, and by the Indiana Code.
County Council: The legislative branch of the county government; controls spending and revenue collection in the county. Representatives are elected to four-year terms from county districts. They set salaries, the annual budget, and special spending. The council has limited authority to impose local taxes, in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval, excise taxes, and service taxes.
Board of Commissioners: The executive body of the county; commissioners are elected county-wide to staggered four-year terms. One commissioner serves as president. The commissioners execute acts legislated by the council, collect revenue, and manage the county government.
Court: The county maintains a small claims court that handles civil cases. The judge on the court is elected to a term of four years and must be a member of the Indiana Bar Association. The judge is assisted by a constable who is also elected to a four-year term. In some cases, court decisions can be appealed to the state level circuit court.
County Officials: The county has other elected offices, including sheriff, coroner, auditor, treasurer, recorder, surveyor, and circuit court clerk. These officers are elected to four-year terms. Members elected to county government positions are required to declare a party affiliation and to be residents of the county.
Decatur County is part of Indiana's 6th congressional district; Indiana Senate district 42; and Indiana House of Representatives district 67.
Demographics
2010 Census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 25,740 people, 9,977 households, and 6,995 families in the county. The population density was . There were 11,209 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.3% white, 0.7% Asian, 0.3% black or African American, 0.2% American Indian, 0.6% from other races, and 0.9% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.7% of the population. In terms of ancestry, In terms of ancestry, 35.5% were of English ancestry, 35.1% were of German, and 9.0% were of Irish ancestry according to 2010 American Community Survey.
Of the 9,977 households, 33.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.6% were married couples living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 29.9% were non-families, and 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.02. The median age was 38.7 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,697 and the median income for a family was $52,308. Males had a median income of $41,143 versus $30,226 for females. The per capita income for the county was $22,719. About 8.3% of families and 10.8% of the population were below the poverty line, including 17.3% of those under age 18 and 6.8% of those age 65 or over.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Decatur County, Indiana
References
External links
Decatur County website
Indiana counties
1822 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1822
Jonathan Ruhumuliza (born 1956) is a Rwandan retired Anglican bishop. He is currently a parish priest in the Church of England and a former Bishop of Kigali and Bishop of Cameroon.
Biography
Human rights groups and other Anglican priests have accused Ruhumuliza of complicity in the 1994 Rwandan genocide. Human Rights Watch described him as "acting as a spokesman for the genocidal government." African Rights alleged that he worked with another bishop in refusing shelter to Tutsis facing imminent death. The post-genocide Archbishop of Rwanda, Emmanuel Kolini, described Ruhumuliza as an "errand boy" for the Hutu extremist government responsible for the genocide.
Ruhumuliza trained for the priesthood at Butare Theological School, Rwanda, was ordained a deacon in 1982 and a priest in 1983 and served as curate of Kigeme, Rwanda, until 1984. He then became Manager and Chaplain at Kigeme High School (1983–1986) before attending Makumira University College (Arusha, Tanzania), graduating with a Bachelor of Divinity (BD) in 1989. He took on the Manager and Chaplain roles at Kigeme Hospital (1989–1990) then returned to his old High School jobs (1990–1991).
Consecrated in 1991, Ruhumuliza served as Assistant Bishop of Butare until 1992 and as Provincial Secretary for the Province of the Anglican Church of Rwanda (1992–1993).
In 1993, he became Assistant Bishop of Kigali and Coadjutor Bishop of Kigali.
After the genocide began in April 1994, Ruhumuliza is accused of siding with the Hutu extremist government that organised the genocide of about 800,000 Tutsis.
In May 1994, Ruhumuliza wrote to the secretary general of the Africa Council of Churches, Jose Chipenda, defending the government and blaming the mass killings on its opponents, the Rwandan Patriotic Front. Ruhumuliza wrote that the Rwandan prime minister, Jean Kambanda, and members of his cabinet were touring Rwanda to appeal for unity and peace when in fact they were whipping up the killing. Kambanda and several members of his cabinet were subsequently convicted of genocide by the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda.
In June 1994, Ruhumuliza and the Anglican archbishop of Rwanda, Augustin Nshamihigo, held a press conference in Kenya in which they claimed the RPF was leading the massacres and that the government was attempting to stop the killing.
Human Rights Watch described Ruhumuliza as an apologist for genocide: "Far from condemning the attempt to exterminate the Tutsi, Archbishop Augustin Nshamihigo and Bishop Jonathan Ruhumuliza of the Anglican church acted as spokesmen for the genocidal government at a press conference in Nairobi. Like many who tried to explain away the slaughter, they placed the blame for the genocide on the RPF because it had attacked Rwanda. Foreign journalists were so disgusted at this presentation that they left the conference."
Nshamihigo's successor as archbishop, Emmanuel Kolini, accused Ruhumuliza of collaborating with the Hutu extremist government and described the Anglican church in Rwanda during the genocide as "corrupt".
African Rights accused Ruhumuliza of refusing shelter to Tutsis who were facing imminent death. It said he worked in collaboration with another Anglican bishop, Samuel Musabyimana, who was later charged with genocide by the International Criminal Tribunal For Rwanda but died before trial. African Rights said Ruhumuliza failed to attempt to save people after another Anglican bishop, Adonia Sebununguri, called a group of Tutsis "wicked people" who deserved to be killed.
Ruhumuliza was appointed diocesan Bishop of Kigali in 1995 but faced calls from other Anglican clergy for an investigation into his actions.
In 1996, he apologised for not speaking out strongly enough against the massacres and asked for forgiveness "because I did not continue to energetically condemn either the tragedy which was in progress or the state communiqués which were broadcast on the radios during this time".
In 1997 Ruhumuliza moved to Canada. From 1998 until 2004, he was the diocesan Bishop of Cameroon in the Church of the Province of West Africa.
Following the resignation of his See, Ruhumuliza moved to the United Kingdom, taking on posts as an assistant parish priest in the Diocese of Worcester, where has been licensed as an honorary assistant bishop since 2005. He was first Assistant Minister in the Droitwich Spa Team Ministry until 2006 and has been a curate in Elmley Lovett with Hampton Lovett and Elmbridge &c., in Ombersley with Doverdale, and in Hartlebury since 2012. He lives in Droitwich and has had permission to officiate in the neighbouring Diocese of Birmingham since 2013.
In 2014, following a report in The Observer on Ruhumuliza, Worcester diocese made a statement saying "No evidence was found of complicity in the Rwandan genocide" when he was first appointed in 2005.
The Church of England said it was not fully aware of the "disturbing" accusations against Ruhumuliza. He was placed on "special leave" by mutual agreement. The Church of England said it had launched an investigation but did not publicly announce the results.
Ibuka, the genocide survivors' association in Rwanda, criticised the Church of England for failing to scrutinise Ruhumuliza's past closely enough.
In April 2020, Ruhumuliza was appointed Interim NS Assistant Curate (Interim Minister) of Astley, Tyldesley and Mosley Common (Manchester).
References
1956 births
20th-century Anglican bishops in Africa
21st-century Anglican bishops in Africa
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Rwandan Anglicans
Anglican bishops of Kigali
Anglican bishops of Cameroon
Anglican bishops of Butare
Ontario is an unincorporated community in Lima Township, LaGrange County, Indiana.
History
Ontario was laid out in 1837. The community took its name from Lake Ontario. A post office opened at Ontario in 1846, and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1943.
Geography
Ontario is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in LaGrange County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Djesse Vol. 3 is the third record in the Djesse series and fourth album by English musician Jacob Collier, released on 14 August 2020. Djesse is a collection of four volumes that was announced 29 October 2018. The title Djesse, which is pronounced with a silent D (), is a reference to Collier's own initials. Each of the albums in the series has been described by NPR as representing different parts of the day, the third being described as night.
At the 2021 Grammy Awards, the album was nominated for the Album of the Year; the track "All I Need" was nominated for the Best R&B Performance; and the track "He Won't Hold You" won the Best Arrangement, Instrumental and Vocals.
Background
The quadruple-album project Djesse was announced during a YouTube livestream on 29 October 2018. The first two volumes of the project, Djesse Vol. 1 and Djesse Vol. 2, were released in December 2018 and July 2019 respectively. Describing Djesse, Collier has said: "What I was determined to do about two and a half years ago when I set out on this voyage was to, in some way, describe all of the music that I had been listening to for my whole life... The way in which I conceived of the whole thing was not particularly based on genre, but based on space."
Collier has described Djesse Vol. 3 as always having been "... the [volume] I was most excited about because it enabled me the space to explore a lot of the negative space type sounds, sounds made in the digital sphere, electronic stuff, which I suppose lends itself to hip-hop and R&B, and you've got soul music in there, and you've got funky music in there. And pop as well."
On 17 March 2020, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, Collier postponed the 2020 leg of his Djesse World Tour. In the same statement, he said that he was working to finish Djesse Vol. 3. The album was released just under 5 months later, on 14 August 2020.
Singles and music videos
Collier released five singles and six music videos for Djesse Vol. 3.
The first single, "Time Alone with You" featuring Daniel Caesar, was released 29 November 2019. The music video for "Time Alone With You", released 5 December 2019, was directed and edited by Collier himself.
The second single, "In My Bones", featuring Kimbra and Tarriona "Tank" Ball, was released 25 March 2020. The music video for "In My Bones" was also released on 25 March 2020. Kimbra and Tarriona "Tank" Ball both appear in the video.
The third single, "All I Need", featuring Ty Dolla Sign and Mahalia, was released 14 May 2020. The music video for "All I Need", was released on 17 June 2020. Tee Ken Ng directed and animated the video, which is presented as a series of circular papers that, when spun on a record player, appear to create a moving picture, similar to a zoetrope.
The fourth single, "He Won't Hold You", featuring Rapsody, was released 10 July 2020. The music video for "He Won't Hold You" was released 16 July 2020. Daniel Bruson animated and edited the video to have a hand-drawn aesthetic, hand-painting over 1200 images.
The fifth single, "Running Outta Love", featuring Tori Kelly, was released 31 July 2020.
The fifth music video for "Sleeping On My Dreams" was released 17 August 2020, three days after the album's release. It was filmed in a single day in January 2020, and features Collier dancing with a group of nine professional dancers.
The sixth music video, a lyric video for "Count the People", directed by BASA and Collier, was released 26 August 2020.
Television and other appearances
On 26 May 2020, Collier appeared on Jimmy Kimmel Live!, releasing an at home version of "All I Need" with Jacob playing traditional instruments and singing, as well as using noises from household items, all from inside his bathroom. Mahalia and Ty Dolla Sign made appearances as well. Collier made another video of himself performing the song from home (again featuring Mahalia) for the BBC's show Later... with Jools Holland. A version of "Running Outta Love" was shown on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert with Collier and Tori Kelly performing.
On 9 July 2020, a Tiny Desk At Home Concert by Collier was released on NPR. In the 16-minute set, Collier performs "All I Need", "Time Alone With You", and "He Won't Hold You". To make the video, he filmed himself performing the set four times (once on bass, once on drums, once on keyboard, and once on melodica and percussion, with all four singing); the four videos were then edited together by Collier, stitched into one continuous shot.
On 13 January 2021, Collier and Mahalia performed "All I Need" on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon. On 26 January, Collier performed "Sleeping On My Dreams" on The Late Late Show with James Corden.
Track listing
Notes
signifies a co-producer
Personnel
Jacob Collier – vocals, instruments, arrangements, engineering, producer, and mixing
Additional musicians
Tarriona "Tank" Ball – featured vocals
Erin Bentlage – vocals
Ben Bloomberg – background vocals
Daniel Caesar – featured vocals
Ella Collier – background vocals
Sophie Collier – background vocals
Suzie Collier – background vocals
James Copus – flugelhorn , trumpet
Julia Easterlin – background vocals
JoJo – additional vocals
Tori Kelly – featured vocals
Kimbra – featured vocals
Kiana Ledé – featured vocals
Mahalia – featured vocals
Michael Mayo – background vocals
MonoNeon – electric bass
Michael Peha – background vocals
Rapsody – featured vocals
Jessie Reyez – featured vocals
Nathan Schram – background vocals
Kristen Sing – spoken word
Becca Stevens – background vocals
Chelsea Stevens – background vocals
T-Pain – featured vocals
Malika Tirolien – background vocals
Ty Dolla $ign – featured vocals
Additional technical personnel
Chris Allgood – mastering
Ben Bloomberg – mix engineer , co-producer , programming , synthesizer programming
Marlanna Evans – vocal engineer for Rapsody
DJ Fai – vocal recording engineer for Ty Dolla $ign
Wissam Ghorayeb – vocal recording engineer for JoJo
Emily Lazar – mastering
Matthew Maroulakos – assistant recording engineer
Kerry Pompeo – assistant recording engineer
References
2020 albums
Jacob Collier albums
The Kunstmuseum Solothurn or Art Museum Solothurn is an art museum in the Swiss town Solothurn.
History
The museum opened in 1902. The early exposition showed the town's collections of arts, historical artifacts and natural historical objects. Around 1980, the natural history collection was moved to the Naturmuseum Solothurn, the museumsbuilding was converted and since then exhibits art from various collections along with short-period exhibitions of contemporary art.
Collection
The collection has five divisions: old masters, Swiss landscapes from the 18th until the 20th century, Swiss contemporary art, and two separate collections from gifts from collectors; the Dûbi-Müller and Josef-Müller collection, focused on international atr from the late 19th and early 20th century, and a collection of works by Max Gubler.
Highlights of the collection of old masters include a "Madonna of the Strawberries" from 1425, the Solothurner Madonna by Hans Holbein the Younger, and works by Frans Snyders and Jusepe de Ribera. Swiss masters included in the landscape collection are Caspar Wolf, Alexandre Calame, Félix Vallotton, Giovanni Giacometti and local artist Otto Frölicher. Modern Swiss artists include Jean Tinguely, Méret Oppenheim and Bernhard Luginbühl. The contemporary collection includes works by Daniel Spoerri, Dieter Roth, Markus Raetz, Roman Signer, Silvie Defraoui, René Zäch, Albrecht Schnider, Uwe Wittwer, Felix Stephan Huber, Ian Anüll, Peter Wüthrich, Ingo Giezendanner, Robert Estermann.
The double collection of the sisters Müller contains paintings by Vincent van Gogh, Gustav Klimt, Paul Cézanne, Henri Matisse, Edgar Degas, Auguste Renoir, Fernand Léger, and Swiss painter Ferdinand Hodler.
External links
official website (in German)
Art museums and galleries in Switzerland
Solothurn
Museums in the canton of Solothurn
1902 establishments in Switzerland
Museums established in 1902
Rajiaka is a village in Rewari tehsil of Rewari district in the Indian state of Haryana.
Location
Rajiaka is situated at a distance of 12 km from Rewari in the west-south direction on State highway- 15.
History
The village was founded by Rajaram Yadav of Khadulia Gotra. And after his name village named as Rajiaka.
The village led Ahirwal into serving the nation with each house being proud of at least one soldier and/or officer in the Indian Armed Forces.
Occupation
Main occupation of people is agriculture and government/private jobs. Some villagers are employed in government services and many people are doing private jobs in other states and countries.
Transport
Rajiaka is connected to nearby villages through the road network with presence of State Transport Service and Private Bus Services which link it to Rewari and other villages.
Geography
Rajiaka is located at .
Notable people
Notable people born in Rajiaka.
1. Master Kishan Lal was Pioneer in Education of his time and encouraged people to provide high quality education to their children.
2. Master Dayaram Yadav was serving as a school teacher for more than three decades.
3.Gajender Yadav, B.Tech. from Kurukshetra University and M.Tech. from NIT JAIPUR
4. Vineet Kumar, B.Tech. from NIT Bhopal.
5. Tula Ram, B.Tech. from IIT Roorkee.
6. Manender Yadav, B.Tech. from NIT Rourkela.
7. Dinesh Kumar, B.Tech. from Deenbandhu Chhotu Ram University of Science and Technology.
8. Parmod Yadav, B.Tech. From ['Singhania University' & 'Job-Team leader GOSHI INDIA AUTO PARTS P.Ltd. BAwal.MNC']
9. Amit Yadav, B.tech from SMEC neemrana
10. Sunil Kumar, Ph.D. from Indian Statistical Institute.
The village is also notable for producing national level players in wrestling and hockey.
References
Villages in Rewari district
Matthew Munsel Howard (1794 – September 6, 1879) was a miller, farmer and political figure in Upper Canada. He represented Leeds in the Legislative Assembly of Upper Canada as a Reformer from 1830 to 1834 and in 1836.
He was born in Upper Canada, the son of Peter Howard and Sarah Munsell. Howard married Harriet Nichols. He lived in Yonge Township and then Elizabethtown Township. He served in the militia during the War of 1812, later reaching the rank of captain. Howard was defeated when he ran for reelection in 1834 but was later elected in an 1836 by-election held after the results of the general election in Leeds were overturned due to violence at the polls.
Further reading
Johnson, JK Becoming Prominent: Regional Leadership in Upper Canada, 1791-1841 (1989) p. 198
1794 births
1879 deaths
Members of the Legislative Assembly of Upper Canada
Romeo Engineering and Technology Center is located in northern Macomb County, Michigan approximately 30 miles north of the city of Detroit. Romeo Engineering and Technology Center also known as RETC and is a satellite school of Romeo High School. The RETC was built and completed in 2003, originally the plan was to create a new separate school however funding failed so the decision was made to build a satellite school to reduce overcrowding at the main high school. The RETC has an area of 90,288 sq.ft., covers 77 acres, and cost $12,259,836 to build. The RETC offers Technology, advanced math and science programs, as well as most career programs. Students who wish to attend the RETC are bussed from the High School or drive to the school. Recently the school has installed solar panels across the roof, the project was completed in and turned on in December 2010. The solar panels were paid for by grants and can produce upwards of 19.8 Kilowatts (DC).
Incidents
The RETC has encountered several incidents since being built in 2003. Three bomb threats were made against the school, one on October 10, 2007, during the week of homecoming, another a few weeks later on October 25, 2007, and the other in December 2007. The first incident occurred on October 10 when a bomb threat was written in the bathroom stalls stating that the school would blow up on October 12. A note was sent home to parents describing the situation and that it was optional for students to attend that day. As a precaution, backpacks and big purses were not allowed into the school and students were searched when entering. Earlier that morning the premises was searched by Macomb County Sheriff and their K-9 bomb sniffing dogs. The students homecoming pep assembly and dance were not cancelled; however, many precautions were in place such as purses, bags, and jackets were not allowed into several events and police presence was high at the events as well. The second event happened on October 25, when students tried to place a bomb threat through a pre-paid phone by calling the Romeo Police Department, the phone was tracked and the students were arrested. On the morning of December 7, 2007, a third bomb threat was found written on the walls of Romeo High School, stating that the RETC had a bomb inside, The buildings were evacuated until deemed safe by the Macomb County Sheriff. None of the threats proved to follow through and a bomb was never found in any case.
On February 24, 2010, a school bus parked outside RETC caught fire. The bus was originally set to bus students from the RETC to the high school as usual; however, the bus wouldn't start up properly and had a warning light. The students left the RETC on other buses and shortly after at around 2:15 PM the bus caught fire. No students were on the bus at the time and the bus driver made it off the bus without any injuries. The cause of the fire was determined to be an electrical fire.
On March 23, 2012, a student notified the high school office that a student was seen with a gun during the RETC passing time. Both the high school and the RETC went into immediate lock-down. Both schools were swept by the Macomb County Sheriff and Michigan State Police, no gun was found in the hallways or lockers so students were searched upon leaving the RETC at the end of the day. The student who made the claim told the office which student he believed had the weapon; the student was searched and no gun was found. The student who made the claim revoked his statement, saying it was false. The lockdown at the high school was lifted after the student stated his statement was false. The student faces heavy legal action and prosecution from the school district.
On October 30, 2012 at 10:35 a.m., winds from hurricane Sandy gusted at speeds of 50 MPH and caused RETC to temporarily lose power before switching over to the back-up generator. Power was restored later on that day.
On April 18, 2013 at approximately 11:30 a.m., a minor electrical problem triggered the back-up generator to turn on and triggered the fire alarms to go off. The school was evacuated and the fire department was called to check out the building. The problem was corrected and students were allowed back into the building.
In January 2016, the RETC was evacuated to Powell Middle School due to a burst water pipe.
Activities and clubs
Most activities and clubs are located at the high school, however several are located at the RETC including:
DECA: DECA is a business related competition.
Business Professionals of America: BPA is related with Business classes taught at the RETC.
Pictures
Adjacent high schools
References
External links
School Homepage
Byting Bulldogs
Schools in Macomb County, Michigan
High schools in Michigan
2003 establishments in Michigan
Kade Point () is a point separating Ice Fjord and Wilson Harbor on the south coast of South Georgia. Kade Point is an established name dating back to about 1912.
References
Headlands of South Georgia
The Urfa resistance (, ) was an effort by some Ottoman Armenians in Urfa to defend themselves against the Armenian genocide launched by the Ottoman Empire. The resistance was quelled following German intervention.
On May 27, 1915, several hundred Armenians were held captive by Ottoman authorities in Urfa. The community held a meeting in order to adopt a solution. The participants thought of many different tactics. Mgrdich Yotneghparian and his partisans were among the few who preferred to fight to the death rather than yielding to the Ottomans. The Adana massacre of 1909 had made Yotneghparian increasingly cautious of the new Young Turk government and the Turkish constitution.
In Urfa massacres began in the middle of August; during August 15–19, 400 people were driven outside the town and killed, Armenians in Urfa rather being deported and killed preferred to put up a resistance.
Led by Mgerdich, the resistance of the Armenian fighters in the heavily fortified stone houses began on 29 September and lasted 16 or 21 days and was eventually broken only with the help of a reinforcement contingent of six thousand Turkish troops, reportedly equipped with heavy artillery.
Former Aleppo governor, Mehmet Celal Bey, who was removed from his position because he opposed the deportation of Armenians, commented about the resistance: "Each human has the right to live. A kicked wolf will bite."
References
1915 in the Ottoman Empire
1910s in the Ottoman Empire
Armenian resistance during the Armenian genocide
1915 in Armenia
Aleppo vilayet
History of Şanlıurfa
September 1915 events
October 1915 events
5. Source for the strengths and casualties: http://asbarez.com/arm/53642/%D5%B8%D6%82%D6%80%D6%86%D5%A1%D5%B5%D5%AB-%D5%B0%D5%A5%D6%80%D5%B8%D5%BD%D5%A1%D5%B4%D5%A1%D6%80%D5%BF%D5%A8/
Sidney Scott Wade (September 30, 1909 – November 24, 2002) was a highly decorated officer of the United States Marine Corps who attained the rank of major general. He is most noted as commanding general of all Marine forces during 1958 Lebanon crisis and previously as commanding officer of the 1st Marine Regiment during Korean War. Wade later served as commanding general of the Force Troops, Fleet Marine Force Atlantic and MCRD San Diego.
Early career
Sidney S. Wade was born on September 30, 1909, in Bloomington, Illinois, and attended local high school in 1927. He subsequently enlisted in the United States Marine Corps in May 1928 and after one year of enlisted service, he was appointed to the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland, in July 1929. Wade graduated in 1933, and was commissioned second lieutenant in the Marine Corps on the same date. He was then sent to the Basic School at Philadelphia Navy Yard for further officers training.
Following the completing of the course, he was subsequently assigned to the Marine detachment aboard the cruiser USS Pennsylvania and later served aboard the heavy cruiser USS Salt Lake City. Wade was transferred to the 4th Marine Regiment under Colonel John C. Beaumont and sailed for China in 1935. He was stationed in Shanghai and participated in the defense of the Shanghai International Settlement. During his service there, he was promoted to the rank of first lieutenant in 1936.
Wade returned to the United States during 1937 and was assigned to the Marine barracks at Naval Air Station Pensacola, Florida, and following two years of service there, he was promoted to the rank of captain in 1939 and assigned to the Junior Course at Amphibious Warfare School within Marine Corps Schools at Quantico Base.
World War II
Upon his graduation from the Amphibious Warfare School in 1940, Wade was appointed commanding officer of the Marine detachment aboard the cruiser USS Louisville. While aboard this vessel, he participated in the raids at Bismarck Archipelago, New Guinea and Solomon Islands. Wade was promoted to the rank of major in May 1942 and ordered back to the United States for instruction at Army Command and General Staff College at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas. He returned to the South Pacific Area in December 1942 and assigned to the intelligence section on staff of the Marine Amphibious Corps (IMAC) under Major General Clayton Barney Vogel.
He was promoted to the rank of lieutenant colonel in April 1943, and when IMAC was redesignated III Amphibious Corps under Major General Roy Geiger in April 1944, he participated in the planning and execution of the Bougainville Campaign, Landing on Emirau, Recapture of Guam or Battle of Okinawa. For his service in this capacity, Wade was decorated with the Legion of Merit with Combat "V".
Later service
Wade returned to the United States in October 1945 and was assigned to the Marine Corps Schools at Marine Base Quantico as officer in charge of the intelligence section. He was subsequently transferred to Washington, D.C., in August 1947 and attached to the Joint Logistic Plans Group within Joint Chiefs of Staff. In this capacity, Wade participated in the basic war plans work and also in the staff support for Joint Intelligence Committee, Joint Strategic Plans Committee and Joint Logistics Plans Committee. While served in this assignment, he was promoted to the rank of colonel in August 1949.
Colonel Wade was transferred to Hawaii in August 1950 and assigned as assistant intelligence officer of the Fleet Marine Force Pacific under Lieutenant General Lemuel C. Shepherd. However, Korean War brought him to the command of the 1st Marine Regiment in October 1951, when he relieved Colonel Thomas A. Wornham. Wade subsequently led the regiment during the fighting on the East Central Front and later on Western Front and received his second Legion of Merit with Combat "V".
He remained in Korea until the beginning of April 1952, when he was ordered back to the United States. During his service in Korea, Wade also received Air Medal and Navy Presidential Unit Citation.
Wade subsequently attended National War College in Washington, D.C., and following the graduation in 1953, he remained in Washington, D.C. and was attached to the Headquarters Marine Corps as head of the Plans Branch within Operations and Plans Division there. After two years of service in that capacity, Wade was transferred to Quantico, Virginia, as senior member of the Advanced Research Group. This group of ten colonels for a year to develop recommendations on how to the Marine air-ground task force should evolve structurally to meet the challenges of atomic warfare and new technologies such as helicopters and high-speed aircraft.
Another staff assignment came in June 1956, when he was attached to the Office of the Chief of Naval Operations, as assistant to the director of Long Range objectives group, Rear Admiral Roy L. Johnson. While still serving in this capacity, he was promoted to the rank of brigadier general in May 1957.
He subsequently relieved Brigadier General Jack P. Juhan in July 1957 as commanding general of the Force Troops, Fleet Marine Force Atlantic based at Camp Lejeune. In this capacity, he was responsible for all independent units under FMFLANT such as support artillery units, antiaircraft artillery units, military police battalions, separate engineer units and other miscellaneous force units of the Fleet Marine Force, Atlantic.
However following the Lebanese political crisis caused by political and religious tensions in the country in July 1958, President Camille Chamoun had requested the military assistance, which President Dwight D. Eisenhower approved and responded by authorizing Operation Blue Bat on July 15, 1958. The United States subsequently sent approximately 14,000 men, including 5,670 officers and men of the United States Marine Corps, which were formed to the 2nd Provisional Marine Force. General Wade was subsequently appointed commanding general of that Force and sailed to Lebanon, where he went ashore in Beirut and remained in command of all marine forces throughout the crisis. For his meritorious service during the crisis, Wade was decorated with Navy Distinguished Service Medal. He also received the Stephen Decatur Award for Operational Excellence from the Navy League of the United States.
General Wade returned to Camp Lejeune at the beginning of October 1958 and relieved Brigadier General Randall M. Victory as assistant division commander of the 2nd Marine Division stationed there. He relieved Major General James P. Riseley as commanding general of the Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune in July 1959 and remained in this capacity until October 1960. Meanwhile, he was promoted to the rank of major general in July 1960.
He was transferred to the Headquarters Marine Corps in Washington, D.C., as assistant chief of staff (G-3), the staff officer in charge of plans and operations. This duty was terminated in September 1961, when he was transferred to the Pentagon as Marine Corps liaison officer in the Office of the Vice Chief of Naval Operations, Admiral Claude V. Ricketts. He was succeeded by Brigadier General Henry W. Buse.
On 15 February 1962, Major General Wade was transferred to San Diego, California, and assumed command of the Marine Corps Recruit Depot San Diego. He was subsequently transferred to Hawaii in November 1963 and appointed deputy commander to the commanding general Fleet Marine Force Pacific, Lieutenant General Carson A. Roberts. In this capacity he was co-responsible for 200,000 men under his command. Wade subsequently moved to Okinawa, Japan in June 1965 and was appointed Deputy Commander III Marine Amphibious Corps (Forward). In this capacity he participated in the support activities of the Marine Forces in Vietnam. Wade later received his third Legion of Merit.
Wade returned to the United States in April 1966 and served briefly as deputy commander of Fleet Marine Force Atlantic under Lieutenant General Alpha L. Bowser, before he was appointed deputy chief of staff of commander in chief Atlantic Fleet, Admiral Thomas H. Moorer. He served in this capacity until his retirement from the Marine Corps on November 3, 1967.
He subsequently settled in Albuquerque, New Mexico, together with his wife, Doris Edwards and died on November 24, 2002. They had a son, Sidney Scott Wade, Jr., and a daughter, Annetta Wade Williams. In accordance with the wish of General Wade, there was no memorial service.
Decorations
Here is the ribbon bar of Major General Sidney S. Wade:
References
1909 births
2002 deaths
People from Bloomington, Illinois
United States Naval Academy alumni
United States Army Command and General Staff College alumni
United States Marine Corps generals
United States Marine Corps personnel of World War II
United States Marine Corps personnel of the Korean War
Recipients of the Navy Distinguished Service Medal
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
Military personnel from Illinois
Peter Ralph Eckhardt (born 10 September 1960 in Melbourne) is an Australian slalom canoeist who competed from the mid-1980s the early 1990s. He finished 20th in the C-1 event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.
References
Sports-reference.com profile
1960 births
Australian male canoeists
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Australia
Eureka Seven is an anime series created and produced by Bones and directed by Tomoki Kyoda. The series ran for a total of fifty episodes, as well as a recap special titled "Navigation ray=out", which recaps the first half of the series. The first episode aired in Japan on April 17, 2005, and the final episode on April 2, 2006. The series was later picked up by Adult Swim for the United States market and began airing on April 16, 2006. Adult Swim aired the last episode on April 29, 2007, replacing Eureka's dialogue and the final scene with Axel and the children with the shortened regular opening and ending themes. A week later on May 6, they re-aired the episode with the original opening and ending content intact after complaints from viewers.
Almost all of the series' episode titles correspond to real songs, composed by Japanese or foreign artists. Some of these have been stated to be intentional references (including "Blue Monday"), and other phrases previously only existed as song titles.
Episode list
References
Eureka Seven
Episodes
Jhon Freddy García Fería (born May 25, 1974 in Buga, Valle del Cauca) is a former professional track and road racing cyclist from Colombia.
Major results
2000
1st Overall Vuelta al Valle del Cauca
1st Stage 10 Vuelta a Colombia
1st Stages 3 & 4 Clásico RCN
2001
1st Stage 2 Tour du Maroc
2002
1st National Road Race Championships
1st Stage 14 Vuelta a Colombia
2003
1st Stage 3 Vuelta al Valle del Cauca
2004
1st Overall Vuelta al Valle del Cauca
1st Stage 3 Vuelta a Boyacà
1st Stage 5 Vuelta a Antioquia
1st Stages 10 & 11 Vuelta a Colombia
2005
1st Stage 3 Vuelta al Valle del Cauca
3rd Overall Vuelta a Antioquia
1st Stages 1, 2, 5 & 6
2006
1st Overall Vuelta al Valle del Cauca, (COL)
3rd National Road Race Championships
2nd Road race, Central American and Caribbean Games
1st Stages 4 & 10 Vuelta a Colombia
1st Stage 1 Clásico RCN
1st Stage 11 Vuelta a Chiriquí
2007
1st Stage 2 Vuelta al Tolima
1st Stage 6 Clásico RCN
2nd Overall Vuelta a Chiriquí
1st Stages 1b, 3 (TTT) & 7
2008
1st Stage 2 Vuelta a Colombia
1st Stage 8 Clásico RCN
2009
1st Stage 1 Vuelta al Valle del Cauca
1st Stage 5 Vuelta a Antioquia
References
1974 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Valle del Cauca Department
Colombian male cyclists
Cyclists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Cyclists at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Cyclists at the 1999 Pan American Games
Olympic cyclists of Colombia
Vuelta a Colombia stage winners
Pan American Games competitors for Colombia
The 42nd annual Venice International Film Festival was held on 26 August to 6 September 1985.
Jury
The following people comprised the 1985 jury:
Krzysztof Zanussi (head of jury) (Poland)
Guido Aristarco (Italy)
Gaspare Barbiellini Amidei (Italy)
Ricardo Bofill (Spain)
Frank Capra (USA)
Jean d'Ormesson (France)
Odysseas Elytis (Greece)
Kon Ichikawa (Japan)
Eugène Ionesco (France)
Elem Klimov (USSR)
Lino Micciché (Italy)
Zoran Mušič (Yugoslavia)
John Schlesinger (UK)
Renzo Vespignani (Italy)
Official selection
In competition
Autonomous sections
Venice International Film Critics' Week
The following feature films were selected to be screened as In Competition for this section:
A Strange Love Affair by Eric de Kuyper, Paul Verstraten (Netherlands)
El Haimoune (En. Wanderers of the Desert) by Nacer Khemir (Tunisia, France)
Fandango by Kevin Reynolds (United States)
Ain't Nothin' Without You Noisy Martha (Nicht nichts ohne Dich) by (West Germany)
The Record (Der Rekord) by Daniel Helfer (West Germany, Switzerland)
The Disciples (A tanítványok) by Géza Bereményi (Hungary)
Yesterday by Radosław Piwowarski (Poland)
Awards
Golden Lion:
Vagabond (Sans toit ni loi) by Agnès Varda
Grand Special Jury Prize:
Tangos, the Exile of Gardel (Tangos, l'exil de Gardel) by Fernando Solanas
Special Jury Prize:
The Lightship by Jerzy Skolimowski
Silver Lion:
Dust by Marion Hänsel
Best Actor:
Gérard Depardieu (Police)
Best Actress:
NOT ASSIGNED. The jury deemed the best performances to be Sandrine Bonnaire (Sans toit ni loi) and Jane Birkin (Dust), but decided against awarding the prize as both films won major awards.
Special mentions:
Sonja Savić (Zivot je lep)
Galya Novents (Mer mankutyan tangon)
Themis Bazaka (Petrina hronia)
Career Golden Lion
Federico Fellini
Special Lion for the Overall Work
John Huston
Manoel de Oliveira
Sergio Trasatti Awards
Manoel de Oliveira (The Satin Slipper)
Special Mention — Juraj Jakubisko (The Feather Fairy)
References
Edoardo Pittalis - Roberto Pugliese, Bella di Notte, August 1996
L'Europeo, Cinema in Laguna, SePtember 2008
External links
Venice Film Festival 1985 Awards on IMDb
Venice
Venice
Venice
Venice Film Festival
Film
August 1985 events in Europe
September 1985 events in Europe
Raimondi's yellow finch (Sicalis raimondii) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae. It is endemic to coastal Peru. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.
References
Raimondi's yellow finch
Endemic birds of Peru
Raimondi's yellow finch
Raimondi's yellow finch
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Zákolany is a municipality and village in Kladno District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 600 inhabitants.
Administrative parts
Villages of Kováry and Trněný Újezd are administrative parts of Zákolany.
Geography
Zákolany is located about northwest of Prague. The municipality lies in the Prague Plateau, in the valley of the Zákolanský Stream.
History
The first written mention of Zákolany is from 1282.
Sights
Zákolany is known for Budeč, which was a large gord founded by the first members of the Přemyslid dynasty. The Rotunda of Saints Peter and Paul was built here after 895. The nave of the rotunda is the oldest preserved building in the Czech Republic.
Notable people
Wenceslaus I, Duke of Bohemia (c. 907 – c. 935), saint; studied in Budeč
Antonín Zápotocký (1884–1957), communist politician, president of Czechoslovakia in 1953–1957
References
External links
Villages in Kladno District
The Application of the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide (The Gambia v. Myanmar), commonly referred to as the Rohingya genocide case, is a case which is currently being heard by the International Court of Justice (ICJ). The case was brought forward by the Republic of The Gambia, on behalf of 57 members of the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation in 2019.
Background
The Rohingya people are a Muslim Indo-Aryan ethnic minority which has faced mass persecution and ethnic cleansing in Buddhist-majority Myanmar in recent years. The persecution of the Rohingya has been described as a genocide. The government of Myanmar deems them illegal immigrants, but the Rohingya people argue they have lived in the area for generations and that the government of Myanmar's treatment of them is unfair to the Muslims of Myanmar as a whole.
According to The Economist, regarding Aung San Suu Kyi's motivation for taking up the defendants' cause, "It is hard to escape the conclusion that she is exploiting the Rohingyas' misery to boost her party's prospects in elections due in 2020."
Aung San Suu Kyi describes this conflict as an "internal armed conflict" that was triggered by Rohingya attacks on the government of Myanmar. The judge who is presiding over the case, Abdulqawi Ahmed Yusuf, has given Myanmar four months to implement his rulings: Myanmar must take "all measure within its power" to prevent genocide.
Procedural history
On 11 November 2019, The Gambia lodged a 35-page application with the ICJ against Myanmar, initiating the case on the basis of the erga omnes character of the obligations enshrined in the Genocide Convention. The application alleged that Myanmar has committed mass murder, rape and destruction of communities against the Rohingya group in Rakhine state since about October 2016 and that these actions violate the Genocide Convention. Outside counsel for The Gambia includes a team from the law firm Foley Hoag led by Paul Reichler, as well as Professors Philippe Sands of University College London and Payam Akhavan of McGill University. On the other side, leader and State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi is representing Myanmar, along with a legal team.
The Gambia also submitted a request for the indication of provisional measures of protection. The ICJ held a public hearing on that request for three days, 10-12 December 2019. A commentator described the hearing as a "remarkable spectacle," noting that The Gambia's team provided "brutal descriptions" of atrocities, while Aung San Suu Kyi avoided using the word “Rohingya”—except in a reference to the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army.
On 23 January 2020, the ICJ issued an order on The Gambia's request for provisional measures. The order "indicated" (i.e., issued) provisional measures ordering Myanmar to prevent genocidal acts against the Rohingya Muslims during the pendency of the case, and to report regularly on its implementation of the order.
The Court issued a procedural order on the same date, setting filing deadlines of 23 July 2020 for The Gambia's Memorial, and 25 January 2021 for Myanmar's responsive Counter-Memorial.
On 18 May 2020, The Court issued an extension for The Gambia's memorial and set a filing deadline of 23 October 2020. Similarly, an extension was granted to Myanmar set at 23 July 2021.
Analysis
Analyzing the decision in the blog of the European Journal of International Law, Marko Milanovic, a professor at the University of Nottingham School of Law, called the Court's order "obviously a win for The Gambia, and for the Rohingya cause more generally", but also stated that the order largely only replicated existing "state obligations under the Genocide Convention", and did not include the broader measures and statements that The Gambia had requested.
See also
List of International Court of Justice cases
References
External links
ICJ page on the case with all available official documents
Recap of provisional measures hearing from Opinio Juris blog, day 1 (10 December 2019)
Recap of provisional measures hearing from Opinio Juris blog, day 2 (11 December 2019)
Recap of provisional measures hearing from Opinio Juris blog, day 3 (12 December 2019)
Order on provisional measures (23 January 2020)
Separate opinion of Vice-President Xue
Separate opinion of Judge Cançado Trindade
Declaration of Judge ad hoc Kress
2019 in international relations
International Court of Justice cases
Genocide case
Genocide
Clark Titus Hinman (August 3, 1819 – October 21, 1854) was the first president of Northwestern University. Hinman was born in Delaware County, New York into a Methodist family. He attended Wesleyan University, and after graduation served as an instructor at a seminary in Newbury, Vermont. In 1846, Hinman left Newbury and went to the Wesleyan seminary in Albion, Michigan (which later became Albion College, where he served as president from 1846 – 1853). While at Albion, Hinman met Erastus O. Haven (a future president of NU), and they discussed the formation of a new University. Hinman was unanimously elected president of Northwestern University by the board of trustees on August 23, 1853.
Hinman also was one of the co-founders of the Eclectic Society, originally a college fraternity at Wesleyan. The Eclectic Society was founded in 1838, making it one of older fraternal college organizations in the United States.
References
Northwestern University: A History, 1855-1905 By Arthur Herbert Wilde, p. 172 - 189 (available in full text at Google Book Search )
1819 births
1854 deaths
People from Delaware County, New York
Wesleyan University alumni
Presidents of Northwestern University
Albion College faculty
The Woodruff County Courthouse is a historic courthouse at 500 North 3rd Street in Augusta, the county seat of Woodruff County, Arkansas. It is a monumental brick Romanesque Revival building, designed by the noted Arkansas architect Charles L. Thompson and built in 1900. It is roughly rectangular with a hip roof, but has projecting sections as well as a five-stage tower, capped by a pyramidal roof. Its main entrance is to the left of the tower, recessed in a round-arch opening.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
Gallery
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Woodruff County, Arkansas
References
County courthouses in Arkansas
Courthouses on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
Romanesque Revival architecture in Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places in Woodruff County, Arkansas
Richardsonian Romanesque architecture in the United States
1900 establishments in Arkansas
Government buildings completed in 1900
Augusta, Arkansas
The 1996 Russian elections were held from 25 February to 29 December. President Boris Yeltsin won re-election on 3 July, defeating Gennady Zyuganov.
Presidential election
The presidential election was held on 16 June 1996, with a second round being held on 3 July.
By-elections to the State Duma
A by-election took place on 8 December 1996 in the Makhachkala constituency of Dagestan to fill the seat of former member Gamid Gamidov, who was appointed finance minister of Dagestan in April 1996 and was later assassinated on 20 August 1996. Nadirshakh Khachilayev, leader of the Union of Muslims of Russia, won the constituency.
Gubernatorial elections
The three offices of the heads of federal subjects elected on 12 June 1991, were up for election in first half of the year. President Mintimer Shaymiyev of Tatarstan and Mayor Yury Luzhkov of Moscow re-elected successfully, while Saint Petersburg Mayor Anatoly Sobchak lost to his former deputy Vladimir Yakovlev in runoff.
After Yeltsin secured his second term, the gubernatorial campaign started in more than a half of Russia's federal subjects. In 20 of them heads of administrations appointed by president were defeated by candidates of the People's Patriotic Union of Russia, a left-leaning coalition founded by former presidential candidate Gennady Zyuganov.
Regional legislative elections
References
Sources
Triomphe (French for triumph), once known as French Ruff, is a card game dating from the late 15th century. It most likely originated in France or Spain (as triunfo) and later spread to the rest of Europe. When the game arrived in Italy, it shared a similar name with the pre-existing game and deck known as trionfi; probably resulting in the latter becoming renamed as Tarocchi (tarot). While trionfi has a fifth suit that acts as permanent trumps, triomphe randomly selects one of the existing four suits as trumps. Another common feature of this game is the robbing of the stock. Triomphe became so popular that during the 16th century the earlier game of trionfi was gradually renamed tarocchi, tarot, or tarock. This game is the origin of the English word "trump" and is the ancestor of many trick-taking games like Euchre (via Écarté) and Whist (via Ruff and Honours).
Spanish rules
The earliest surviving description was written by Juan Luis Vives in his Exercitatio linguae latinae around 1538 in Basel. As he left Spain in 1509 never to return, the rules may date to his youth. However the game was already widespread by then. In 1541, Juan Maldonado (d. 1554) expanded on Vives's rules and later revised them in 1549. Both Vives and Maldonado described the rules in the form of dialogues between the players. It is an ancestor of Ombre.
The game is played by four players either individually or as partners. Maldonado uses a pack of 48 Spanish playing cards but Vives uses a French deck by discarding the 10s. In the suit of clubs and swords, the ranking from highest to lowest is King, Knight, Jack, 9 ... Ace while in the suit of cups and coins it is King, Knight, Jack, Ace ... 9. In the trump suit, the Ace is promoted above the King. Partners are chosen by drawing cards from the deck with the two highest and the two lowest going together. They sit opposite of one another. Each player is dealt nine cards with the top card of the remaining stock of 12 flipped to reveal the trump suit. If the exposed card is an Ace or a face card, the dealer has the right to exchange it for a card in his hand and get awarded three points. Players must follow suit, if devoid of that suit then they can play trumps or a card from another suit. Players with a weak hand can concede at any time and force a redeal but this is considered losing that particular hand. This game was used for gambling with players raising stakes before each trick. Each card is worth 1 point and points are counted after each trick, if a side neglects to add points then they are not counted. The side that wins a hand gets their points for that particular hand doubled. The first side to obtain 32 points wins.
English rules
Triumph
Hugh Latimer referred to the game of "Triumph" in 1529. The game is played in Gammer Gurton's Needle, a comedy written around 1553 and William Shakespeare also mentioned the game in Antony and Cleopatra (c. 1607). An incomplete description of "Trumpe" was provided by Jacques Bellot, a Huguenot from Caen residing in London, in his Familiar Dialogues (1586). Like Vives and Maldonado, the game is described in a dialogue. He describes a four-player partnership game where the one who cuts the highest card becomes the dealer. Twelve cards are commonly dealt counterclockwise to each player but his characters opt for a shorter game of nine cards. The dealer cuts the stock to reveal the trump suit. The player who holds the ace of trumps gets to rob the stock. Only trumps have value. Kings are high and worth 6, queens 4, jacks 2, and all other trumps 1. Players declare their trumps before trick-taking takes place. The game is abruptly interrupted, leaving the rest of the rules a mystery.
French Ruff
According to David Parlett, the French game of Triomphe was known in England as Trump or French Ruff, the latter name to distinguish it from the ancestor of Whist and Bridge, English Ruff.
The rules are only known from The Compleat Gamester, first published in 1674, and reprinted more or less verbatim until 1754. A French-suited pack is used. They describe a game for two players or two teams of two or three players-a-side. Players cut for the deal and the player cutting the highest or lowest card, as pre-agreed, deals 5 cards each in packets of 2 and 3, before turning the next as trumps. Cards rank in Écarté order: K Q J A 10 9 7 6 (5 4 3 2). It is unclear whether a full pack is used. Either way, the player with the Ace of trumps may 'ruff' (exchange) it with the trump upcard and, if agreed, may also exchange with the next card of the stock if it is a trump, continuing to exchange as long as trumps appear. This 'robbery' was known as 'ruffing' hence the name of the game.
Players must follow suit or trump if unable; only discarding if unable to follow suit or trump. There is no requirement to head the trick. Winning three or four tricks scores 1 point, winning five tricks scores 5. If players agree, there are penalty points for incorrect dealing (1) or revoking (1 or 2). A player playing out of turn incurs 1 penalty point unless it is the last trick.
Gambiter assumes 52 cards are used; that the dealer may ruff i.e. rob the stock if he turns an Ace as trumps, that winning 5 tricks is only worth 2 points and that game is 5. Play is anti-clockwise and eldest hand (right of the dealer) leads to the first trick. However, it is not clear from what source these clarifications or changes are drawn from.
German rules
Incomplete rules from Strasbourg when it was still part of the Holy Roman Empire were recorded in both French and German (as Trümpfspiel) in 1637. Its rules are similar to the Dutch game of Troeven ("Trumps").
Aces are high and deuces are low. Each player takes a card from the deck; the lowest becomes the dealer. The dealer passes out nine cards to each player with the remaining cards forming the stock. The dealer exposes one card from the stock which will be the trump suit. If the dealer exposes an ace, he can exchange a worthless card for it. He can do the same with the remainder of the stock taking any trumps until he exposes a non-trump. The highest trump cards are fixed: the Ace of Hearts, the King of Diamonds, the Queen of Spades, and the Jack of Clubs.
The object of each hand is to capture cards with the most points. Aces are worth four, kings three, queens two, and jacks one; in total there should be 40 points. If a player achieves a slam (winning all the tricks), he will get 80 points.
French rules
Though Triomphe can be traced back to the 1480s in France, the earliest surviving rules date to 1659. French Triomphe was played by four players divided into two partnerships with a 52-card deck. The order of the cards from highest to lowest is King, Queen, Jack, Ace, 10, 9 ... 2. Each player takes a card from the deck, the one with the highest card becomes the dealer and passes five cards face down to everyone. The remaining 32 cards form the stock. The dealer then turns up a card from the stock, the suit of that card will be the trump suit. An optional rule is that the player with the Ace of trumps gets to exchange the exposed card with one from his hand. He can do the same with the remainder of the stock taking any trumps until he exposes a non-trump. This is called robbing the stock. If the dealer exposes an ace as the trump, then he gets the right to rob the stock. The current dealer picks the next dealer out of the opposing team.
The object of each hand is to win at least three tricks. Winning three or four tricks awards one point while winning all five tricks is worth two points. The first team to get five points wins the game. The eldest to the right of the dealer sets the first trick's suit with the winner of each trick leading to the next one. All players must follow suit if possible. Trumps must be used if void of the trick's suit. If the next player is also void, then she must over-trump if possible. If void in suit and trumps, then any card can be played but won't win. Since there are only 20 cards in play, any attempt to cheat by revoking is easily caught and the culprit loses the game.
Since the 18th century, the game has been played with a 32-card stripped deck.
Footnotes
References
Bibliography
Cotton, Charles (1674) The Compleat Gamester. London: A.M.
Johnson, Charles (1754). The Compleat Gamester. 8th edn. London: J. Hodges.
Parlett, David (2008). The Penguin Book of Card Games, Penguin, London.
External links
Ruff and Trump rules from Francis Willughby's Book of Games (c. 1662-72)
15th-century card games
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Mont-Laurier () is a Roman Catholic diocese that includes part of the Province of Quebec. The diocese contains 51 parishes, 32 active diocesan priests, 7 religious priests, and 82,000 Catholics. It also has 66 Women Religious, and 15 Religious Brothers. The Vatican's website, as of 2011, gives an area of 19,968 (units not given); a total population of 95,256; a Catholic population of 77,340; 35 priests; 1 permanent deacon; and 58 religious.
After Bishop Lortie's retirement, this diocese came under an Apostolic Administrator, Most Rev. Paul-André Durocher, Archbishop of Gatineau, the metropolitan of the (ecclesiastical) province which includes this diocese. On June 1, 2020, Pope Francis appointed Raymond Poisson to serve as Bishop of Mont-Laurier, concurrently as Bishop of Saint-Jerome, in the form of “in persona episcopi” (Latin, means "in the persons of the bishop).
Diocesan bishops
The following is a list of the bishops of Mont-Laurier, including auxiliary bishops, and their terms of service:
François-Xavier Brunet (1913-1922)
Joseph-Eugène Limoges (1922-1965)
Joseph Louis André Ouellette (1956-1978)
Jean Gratton (1978-2001)
Vital Massé (2001-2012)
Paul Lortie (2012-2019)
Raymond Poisson (2020–Present)
References
Diocese of Mont-Laurier page at catholichierarchy.org retrieved July 14, 2006
Mont-Laurier
Catholic Church in Quebec
Theresa Becenti‐Aguilar is an American politician serving as a member of the New Mexico Public Regulation Commission from the 4th district, which includes all of Cibola, McKinley and San Juan Counties and parts of Bernalillo, Rio Arriba, Sandoval, Santa Fe, and Socorro Counties.
Early life and education
Born and raised in Coyote Canyon on the Navajo Nation Indian Reservation, Becenti-Aguilar earned an accounting certificate from Santa Fe Business College and a paralegal certificate from Santa Fe Community College. In addition, she is a New Mexico Certified Advocate in Public Ethics, earned through New Mexico State University's Cooperative Extension Service.
Career
Becenti-Aguilar interned with the Bureau of Land Management before working for Tom Udall, first during his tenure as attorney general of New Mexico, then in the United States House of Representatives as a constituent services representative for tribal relations. In November 2006, she was hired as Native American liaison to the New Mexico Public Regulation Commission, the first to hold the position.
In June 2010, Becenti-Aguilar won the Democratic nomination for public regulation commissioner from the 4th district, defeating three other candidates, with 36%. When incumbent Commissioner Carol Sloan was removed from office by the New Mexico Supreme Court following felony convictions for battery and burglary, Governor Bill Richardson appointed Becenti-Aguilar to the seat and was subsequently elected in November with 55%.
Becenti-Aguilar lost renomination in 2014 to former commissioner and State Senator Lynda Lovejoy 46-32%, with a third candidate taking 22%. Becenti-Aguilar ran again in 2018, narrowly defeating Lovejoy and Janene Yazzie, 35-33-32%. She subsequently won the general election unopposed.
References
External links
Theresa Becenti-Aguilar – Ballotpedia profile
Follow the Money – Theresa Becenti-Aguilar
2010–2014 2018 campaign contributions
21st-century American women politicians
21st-century American politicians
Living people
Native American women in politics
Navajo people
New Mexico Democrats
Women in New Mexico politics
Year of birth missing (living people)
Date of birth missing (living people)
Navajo Nation politicians
21st-century Native Americans
21st-century Native American women
Garnier de Rochefort, a 12th-century French cleric, was Abbot of Auberive (1175–1180), Abbot of Clairvaux (1186–1193), and finally Bishop of Langres (1193–1199).
Biography
Garnier de Rochefort was descended from the noble family of Rochefort-sur-Brévon. He first became a monk at the Abbey of Longuay, then Abbot of Auberive around 1175. In 1180, he became a prior, then in 1186 Abbot of Clairvaux. In 1193, on the death of , he was elected Bishop of Langres.
Charged in Rome with profligate overspending by Hilduin de Vendeuvre, he was suspended by Pope Innocent III.
He then made a pilgrimage to the Holy Land. On his return, he resigned and retired to Clairvaux Abbey until his death, which likely occurred in 1225 (though certain 19th-century historians say 1200).
Notes and references
12th-century French people
Bishops of Langres
Year of birth unknown
Hancock County is a county in the U.S. state of Illinois. According to the 2020 census, it has a population of 17,620. Its county seat is Carthage, and its largest city is Hamilton. The county is made up of rural towns with many farmers.
Hancock County is part of the Fort Madison-Keokuk, IA-IL-MO Micropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Hancock County was part of the "Military Tract" set aside by Congress to reward veterans of the War of 1812. Actual settlement of the interior of the county was delayed by concerns about hostile American Indians. After their defeat in the Blackhawk War in 1832, settlement proceeded quickly.
Hancock County was formed, on January 13, 1825, out of Pike County. It was named in honor of John Hancock, who signed the Declaration of Independence.
For a brief period in the 1840s Hancock had one of Illinois' most populous cities: Nauvoo, which was then headquarters for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints. The movement's founder Joseph Smith was killed in the county seat of Carthage in 1844. Most Mormons left Hancock County in the 1840s. Today, Latter Day Saints come in increasing numbers to important Latter Day Saint sites in Hancock County, partly for vacation and partly for religious pilgrimage.
The original courthouse was at Montebello. Montebello no longer exists but was between Nauvoo and Hamilton. In 1833 the state commissioned the formation of the county seat at Carthage, which was centrally located but not well developed. A log cabin was built to serve as the courthouse and served that purpose until 1839 when the second Carthage Courthouse was built. The original log cabin continued to serve as a school and other purposes until 1945 when it was removed.
The second courthouse cost $3,700 to build and served from 1839 until 1906. It served as a location for Stephen A. Douglas (October 11, 1858) and Abraham Lincoln (October 22, 1858) to speak to residents as they were running against each other for the US Senate. In 1906 it was removed to make room for the current courthouse.
The current courthouse was dedicated October 21, 1908.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (2.5%) is water.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Carthage have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in February 1905 and a record high of was recorded in August 1934. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in May.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 136
Illinois Route 9
Illinois Route 61
Illinois Route 94
Illinois Route 96
Illinois Route 336
Adjacent counties
Lee County, Iowa - northwest
Henderson County - northeast
McDonough County - east
Schuyler County - southeast
Adams County - south
Lewis County, Missouri - southwest
Clark County, Missouri - west
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 19,104 people, 8,040 households, and 5,427 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 9,274 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 98.0% white, 0.3% black or African American, 0.2% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 0.1% Pacific islander, 0.3% from other races, and 0.9% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.0% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 34.7% were German, 13.8% were English, 13.2% were American, and 12.1% were Irish.
Of the 8,040 households, 27.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.3% were married couples living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 32.5% were non-families, and 28.2% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.85. The median age was 44.6 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $42,857 and the median income for a family was $55,162. Males had a median income of $41,609 versus $27,648 for females. The per capita income for the county was $22,885. About 8.9% of families and 12.6% of the population were below the poverty line, including 17.8% of those under age 18 and 9.9% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Hancock County is in Illinois's 18th Congressional District and is currently represented by Republican Darin LaHood. For the Illinois House of Representatives, the county is in the 94th district and is represented by Republican Randy Frese. The county is in the 47th district of the Illinois Senate, and is represented by Republican Jil Tracy.
In presidential elections, Hancock County usually favors Republican candidates, having voted for Democratic presidential candidates only four times during the period of 1940 to 2020 (in 1964, 1988, 1992, and 1996).
Communities
Cities
Carthage (seat)
Dallas City (partly in Henderson County)
Hamilton
La Harpe
Nauvoo
Warsaw
Town
Bentley
Villages
Augusta
Basco
Bowen
Elvaston
Ferris
Plymouth
Pontoosuc
West Point
Unincorporated communities
Adrian
Breckenridge
Burnside
Chili
Colusa
Denver
Disco
Durham
Elderville
Fountain Green
Joetta
La Crosse
McCall
Middle Creek
Niota
Old Niota
Powellton
Saint Mary
Stillwell
Sutter
Tioga
Webster
Forts
Fort Johnson
Townships
Hancock County is divided into twenty-four townships:
Appanoose
Augusta
Bear Creek
Carthage
Chili
Dallas City
Durham
Fountain Green
Hancock
Harmony
La Harpe
Montebello
Nauvoo
Pilot Grove
Pontoosuc
Prairie
Rock Creek
Rocky Run-Wilcox
St. Albans
St. Mary's
Sonora
Walker
Warsaw
Wythe
Education
The following is a list of all school districts with any territory in Hancock County, no matter how slight, even if the schools and/or administrative headquarters are in other counties.
K-12:
Community Unit School District 4
Hamilton Community Consolidated School District 328
Nauvoo-Colusa Community Unit School District 325 - A K-12 district, but it has an arrangement with Warsaw district where Nauvoo-Colusa sends its high schoolers to Warsaw while Warsaw sends its junior high school students to Nauvoo-Colusa
Southeastern Community Unit School District 337
Warsaw Community Unit School District 316 - A K-12 district, but it has an arrangement with Warsaw district where Warsaw sends its junior high school students to Nauvoo-Colusa while Nauvoo-Colusa sends its high schoolers to Warsaw
West Prairie Community Unit School District 103
Secondary:
Illini West High School District 307
Elementary:
Carthage Elementary School District 317
Dallas Elementary School District 327
La Harpe Community School District 347
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Hancock County, Illinois
References
External links
Center for Hancock County History
Hancock County, Illinois, USA
Illinois counties
1825 establishments in Illinois
Populated places established in 1825
Significant places in Mormonism
Illinois counties on the Mississippi River
Fort Madison–Keokuk, IA-IL-MO Micropolitan Statistical Area
Z Battery RA was a Battery of 5th Regiment Royal Artillery in the Royal Artillery. It currently serves in the Surveillance and Target Acquisition role and is equipped with various weapon platform locating equipment using radars and acoustic sound ranging assets.
Early history
First formation
Z Battery was originally raised in Poona, India on 1 April 1824 as 4th Troop, Bombay Horse Artillery, part of the Bombay Presidency Army of the Honourable East India Company.
As a result of the Indian Rebellion of 1857, the British Crown took direct control of India from the East India Company on 1 November 1858 under the provisions of the Government of India Act 1858. The Presidency armies transferred to the direct authority of the British Crown and its European units were transferred to the British Army. Henceforth artillery, the mutineers most effective arm, was to be the sole preserve of the British Army (with the exception of certain Mountain Artillery batteries). On 19 February 1862, the Bombay Horse Artillery transferred to the Royal Horse Artillery as its 4th Brigade and 4th Troop became D Battery, 4th Horse Brigade, RA.
A reorganization of the horse artillery on 13 April 1864 saw 1st Brigade split as A and B Brigades, 2nd Brigade became C Brigade, 3rd Brigade became D Brigade, 4th Brigade became E Brigade, and 5th Brigade became F Brigade. As battery designations were tied to the brigade the battery was assigned to, the battery was now designated D Battery, E Brigade, the first of a bewildering series of redesignations. From 1866, the term "Royal Horse Artillery" appeared in Army List hence the battery was designated D Battery, E Brigade, RHA from about this time. Throughout this period, the battery was based at Ahmednager. On 1 February 1871 it was designated H Battery, C Brigade, became H Battery, D Brigade on 16 January 1873 and E Battery, E Brigade on 1 April 1875.
Another reorganization on 1 July 1877 saw E Brigade disbanded with its batteries distributed amongst A, B and C Brigades. The battery was now redesignated E Battery, C Brigade at Aldershot. By January 1882, the battery was at Kirkee. On 1 April 1882, C Brigade was in its turn disbanded with its batteries distributed amongst A and B Brigades. The battery was now redesignated N Battery, A Brigade at Canterbury. The battery took partas N/A Battery in the Anglo-Egyptian War, notably the Battle of Tel el-Kebir in September 1882.
The battery was disbanded in February 1884. The brigade system was abolished on 1 July 1889. From now on, RHA batteries would be designated in a single sequence.
Reformed
Z Battery, RHA was reformed on 13 February 1900. The Brigade system was revived on 1 March 1901 and the battery was assigned to the 4th Brigade-Division, RHA on formation (along with AA Battery, RHA). In 1903, the brigade was redesignated IV Brigade, RHA and was stationed at Newbridge in Ireland. On 1 October 1906, the brigade was redesignated XIV Brigade, Royal Horse Artillery and was broken up on 1 August 1913. The battery was transferred to II Brigade, Royal Horse Artillery at Canterbury and was disbanded again on 24 December 1913.
World War I
(Tempy) Z Battery
As a result of the action at Néry on 1 September 1914, L Battery, RHA was almost destroyed as an operational unit: of five Officers, three were killed and two wounded; of 200 Other Ranks, 20 were killed and 29 wounded; and five of six 13 pounders were lost. It had to be withdrawn to England to reform.
(Tempy) Z Battery, RHA was formed on 1 September from the Centre and Left Sections of I Battery, RHA to replace L Battery in VII Brigade, Royal Horse Artillery, 1st Cavalry Division. On 3 September, the Left Section of I Battery was replaced by a Section of D Battery, RHA. On 15 September, this section returned to D Battery and on 17 September a section of J Battery, RHA joined. On 27 September, the sections of I and J returned to their batteries and (Tempy) Z Battery ceased to exist. The next day, H Battery, RHA joined 1st Cavalry Division in its place.
During the battery's brief existence, 1st Cavalry Division saw action in the First Battle of the Marne and the First Battle of the Aisne.
Z Battery
Z Battery, RHA was reformed on 9 October 1914 equipped with six 13 pounders. It joined the Ipswich based G Battery and O Battery in V Brigade, Royal Horse Artillery. V Brigade, RHA was assigned to 8th Division on formation in October 1914. With 8th Division, it crossed to France on 4 and 5 November 1914 and served with the division on the Western Front until January 1917. While with the division, it served in the battles of Neuve Chapelle, Aubers Ridge, and of the Somme. On 8 June 1915, the battery was re-armed with six 18 pounders.
On 13 January 1917, V Brigade, RHA left 8th Division and became V Army Brigade, RHA. At the Armistice, it was serving as Army Troops with the Fourth Army.
By October 1919, the battery had joined the newly reformed VIII Brigade, Royal Horse Artillery. On 4 January 1920, the battery was absorbed into B Battery, RHA.
Recent operations
Z Battery deployed on Operation Herrick 13 and 18 in Afghanistan.
See also
British Army
Royal Artillery
Royal Horse Artillery
List of Royal Artillery Batteries
Notes
References
Bibliography
External links
The Royal Artillery Association
Fire Power Museum
Royal Artillery batteries
1824 establishments in British India
Military units and formations established in 1824
Lady Eleanor Furneaux Smith (7 August 1902 – 20 October 1945) was an English writer and active member of the Bright Young Things.
Life
Born in Birkenhead, England in 1902, Smith was the eldest child of the politician F. E. Smith's three children; her mother was Margaret Furneaux, daughter of the academic Henry Furneaux. Eleanor Smith was great-granddaughter of Joseph Severn on her mother's side, the Devonshire Furneaux, a Norman family. Her brother was Frederick Smith, 2nd Earl of Birkenhead, and her sister Lady Pamela married Hon. Michael Berry. Her father was created Earl of Birkenhead in 1922.
She went to Miss Douglas's school at Queen's Gate. At Queen's Gate she met Lady Allanah Harper, Zita Jungman, and Teresa "Baby" Jungman and together they became early members of what the British press would call the "Bright Young Things", a nickname given by the tabloid press to a group of bohemian young aristocrats and socialites in the 1920s London.
As a young girl, she spent time among her father's friends and fellow politicians and their children, including the Churchills, Guests, Grenfells, Duffs, and many others. This influenced Smith to become a life-long supporter of the Conservative Party.
Smith's paternal great-grandmother, Bathsheba, was said to have been a Gypsy, and this sparked an early fascination with local Romani people, but she credits a book called Lavengro as being one of the greatest influences of her life-long fascination with Gypsies and their culture. She went so far as to learn to read and speak the Romani language, which she called "musical and broken."
When she was living in London, Smith had an encounter with Daniel "Kid Spider" Rosenthal, where he called her from his hotel asking her to meet him for lunch to discuss business. Mistaking him for a "film man", she agreed, but this was untrue and he later went to her home and threatened to kill her, and harassed her with marriage proposals until she went to Scotland Yard. They informed her that he was wanted for the murder of his father.
Smith traveled extensively throughout her life, and she was arrested twice, once in Romania for having her career listed as "journalist" on her passport, and once in Rome for walking around in a sleeveless dress.
In 1953, after Smith's death, Frederick Smith, her brother and 2nd Earl of Birkenhead--with whom she was very close--published a memoir about her life.
Career
Eleanor Smith began her journalist career writing society gossip columns for various newspapers, and she wrote a gossip column and film critique column for a Sunday paper on Fleet Street for three years. She quit this job after she was approached by Frederick Martin about a job writing for the newly-formed Great Carmo Circus. She traveled with the Great Carmo Circus for many years, and it is here that she began to write her first novel, Red Wagon.
Eleanor Smith worked as a society reporter and cinema reviewer for some time, then as a publicist for various circus companies. In the latter role she traveled widely, and gained inspiration for her third career, writing popular novels and short stories which often provided the basis for the 'Gainsborough melodramas' of the period. These stories often had a romanticized historical or Gypsy setting, based on her own research into Romany culture (she believed one of her paternal great-grandmothers to have been a Gypsy). During her time traveling with various circuses, she had contact with a wide array of artists and performers, and she often ventured out on her own to explore the areas where the circus would make camp.
Smith said during an interview that she began to write her novels at only 12 years old, but she claimed to have burned all of them later in life. Her first novel, Red Wagon, was published when she was 28 in 1930, and it immediately became a bestseller. Smith was a prolific writer, writing about one novel every year on average during her prime. One of her novels, Ballerina, was inspired by her friendships with the Diaghilev and his prima ballerina, Anna Pavlova. Smith said, "Had I not watched Pavlova so closely that day at Golders Green, the book would never have been written...At the same time, I think that Pavlova had either directly or indirectly inspired us all, and Pavlova was dead. She had certainly inspired Pat, Frances, and myself". A few of her most notable novels were also adapted for films, one of which, Caravan, wasn't created until after her death. The actress Margaret Lockwood, one of the most popular actresses of the 1930s and 1940s, famously starred in The Man in Grey.
Smith also wrote ghost stories; many of them were collected in her book Satan's Circus (1932). Smith was a supporter of the Conservative Party. In 1937, she responded to Nancy Cunard's survey of writers and poets on the topic of the Spanish Civil war, saying that she was a "warm adherent of General Franco."
Death
She died in Westminster in 1945 after a long illness. Although it was her wish to be buried in Banbury with her father, her body was cremated by her family.
Her requiem mass was conducted by Father Martin D'Arcy at Church of the Immaculate Conception, Farm Street on 31 October 1945. Her mass was attended by several other members of literary and high society, including Sir Osbert Sitwell; Maureen, Marchioness of Dufferin and Ava; Cathleen, Marchioness of Queensberry; Margaret, Countess of Kimberley; Ann, Viscountess Rothermere; Bridget Parsons; and Lord Pakenham.
Works
Novels
Short stories
Others
Notes
External links
1902 births
1945 deaths
English short story writers
English romantic fiction writers
English historical novelists
English horror writers
Ghost story writers
Daughters of British earls
Conservative Party (UK) people
20th-century English novelists
English women journalists
English women novelists
20th-century English women writers
Women historical novelists
Women romantic fiction writers
Women horror writers
20th-century British short story writers
English Roman Catholics
Romani-speaking people
Limakatso Alfonsina Koloi is a South African politician. A member of the African National Congress, she is currently serving as a Member of the Northern Cape Provincial Legislature. She took office as an MPL on 22 May 2019. She is the Deputy Chair of Chairs and the Chairperson of the Portfolio Committee on Co-operative Governance, Human Settlements and Traditional Affairs. Koloi was previously the Executive Mayor of the Dawid Kruiper Local Municipality.
References
External links
Profile : Mr Limakatso Alfonsina Koloi – NCPLEG
Limakatso Alfonsina Koloi – People's Assembly
Living people
People from the Northern Cape
African National Congress politicians
Members of the Northern Cape Provincial Legislature
People from Upington
Year of birth missing (living people)
Anthony Camden (26 April 1938 – 7 March 2006) was the Principal Oboe and Chairman of the Board at the London Symphony Orchestra. He was also a founding member of the ensemble London Virtuosi and went on to become the Provost and Director of the Queensland Conservatorium of Music in Brisbane before becoming the Dean of Music at the Hong Kong Academy for Performing Arts. He was affectionately known as the Whizzer in the world of classical music.
Early life
Camden was born in London to parents Archie and Joyce Camden (born Jan Kerrison) in April 1938. Archie Camden was a celebrated bassoonist with the BBC Symphony Orchestra while Joyce was a cellist, pianist and composer. During World War II the family moved first to Bristol and then Bedford due to the orchestra being relocated. While in Bedford a young Camden fell ill twice with double pneumonia and serious attacks of asthma.
The family returned to London, where Camden attended Highgate School. His initial musical instruments were the piano and violin, for which he was given instruction by Isolde Menges. At the age of 14 he gave a solo concerto debut at the Royal Academy of Music. However, because of his asthma issues he was recommended to try the oboe, in the belief that the breath control required to play the instrument would help his condition.
His first tutor on oboe was Evelyn Rothwell, before he joined the Royal College of Music where he came under the tutorage of Terence MacDonagh. While at the RCM he joined the Camden Trio, an ensemble started by his father Archie, Rothwell and pianist Wilfred Parry, which would later feature his older brother Kerry and Ian Lake.
Musical career
After leaving the Royal College of Music, Camden became a founding member of the Northern Sinfonia Orchestra in 1960 and immediately became the Principal Oboe. In 1964 he joined as Principal Oboe the City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra, which ended in 1972 when he joined the London Symphony Orchestra as Principal Oboe, a position he held of 14 years. In 1975 he was elected to Chairman of the Board of the LSO by his fellow musicians, a role he held until 1987 becoming the longest holder of the position.
During a tour with LSO in the United States, Camden tried to convince André Previn, the principal conductor of the orchestra, to write a film score for a then-unknown film being made called Star Wars. When Previn refused, Camden pushed him to give him the name of someone who would assist. Previn named John Williams. When Williams agreed after some persuasion, Camden immediately called Denham Studios in England and booked 18 sessions so the LSO could record the yet written score.
Some of Camden's highlights in this period include recording Carillons with the LSO in 1974, working as visiting Professor at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama and forming the London Virtuosi with fellow LSO members John Georgiadis and James Galway.
In 1988 Camden left the London Symphony Orchestra and joined the Queensland Conservatorium of Music in Brisbane where he was the Provost and Director, a position he would hold until 1993. During this time he continued giving performances in Europe and Asia.
In 1993 he joined the Hong Kong Academy of Performing Arts as the Dean of the School of Music, a position he held until his retirement in 2003. During his tenure the academic standing of the institution was raised and the profile increased internationally.
During the 1990s he recorded, either with London Vituosi or the City of London Sinfonia, 36 concertos largely by Italian composers. He is one of the most recorded oboists.
After his retirement in 2003 he continued to be a consultant to music institutions and festivals.
Discography
1982 - Yehudi Menuhin, Jin Li / Anthony Camden / London Symphony Orchestra* - Bach: Violin Concerto In E; Concerto For Two Violins; Concerto For Violin And Oboe
1993 - Albinoni - Anthony Camden, The London Virtuosi, John Georgiadis - Oboe Concerti Op. 9, Nos. 2, 3, 5, 8, 9 & 11
1995 - Albinoni - Anthony Camden, Alison Alty, The London Virtuosi, John Georgiadis - Oboe Concerti Vol. 2
1995 - Albinoni - Anthony Camden, Alison Alty, The London Virtuosi, John Georgiadis - Oboe Concerti Vol. 3
1996 - Handel, Anthony Camden, Julia Girdwood, City Of London Sinfonia, Nicholas Ward - Oboe Concertos Nos. 1 - 3, Air And Rondo, Suite, Overture To "Otho"
1996 - Corelli, Bellini, Cimarosa, Fiorillo, Righini, Barbirolli, Anthony Camden, Julia Girdwood, City Of London Sinfonia, Nicholas Ward - Italian Oboe Concertos
2001 - Salieri, Platti, Besozzi, Rosetti, Anthony Camden, City Of London Sinfonia, Nicholas Ward - Italian Oboe Concertos Vol. 2
Personal life
Camden met his first wife,, Diane Lewis while working for the City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra. He had two children from this marriage, Andrew and Colette. He married his second wife, Lilly Li, in 1993 and they had a daughter together called Sasha.
References
External links
1938 births
2006 deaths
20th-century British male musicians
20th-century British musicians
People educated at Highgate School
Alumni of the Royal College of Music
London Symphony Orchestra players
English classical oboists
Male oboists
People from London
Alumni of The Hong Kong Academy for Performing Arts
Cornelius Hendrik "Case" Vanderwolf (1935 – June 16, 2015) was a Canadian neuroscientist.
Raised in the rural community of Glenevis, Alberta, Vanderwolf went on to earn a BSc from the University of Alberta and completed graduate work with Donald Hebb at McGill University, completing his PhD in 1962 (Buzsaki and Bland 2015). Following completion of his
PhD, Case spent a year at the California Institute of Technology with Roger Sperry (1962–1963) and another year with Konrad Akert, the Founder of the Brain Research Institute of the University of Zurich (1963–1964).
Vanderwolf spent over 30 years at the University of Western Ontario in London, Ontario, during which time he published over 140 papers on the relation of hippocampal, neocortical, and pyriform cortical activity to behavior and the dependence of many of these brain-behavior relations on the activity of central neurons that release the transmitter substances acetylcholine and serotonin.(Whishaw and Bland 1998; Buzsaki and Bland 2015). As early as 1964, he was among the first investigators to carefully study the correlation between observable motor activity and brain waves.
Recording from the thalamus and hippocampus of the behaving rat, he found a reliable relationship between 'voluntary movement' and rhythmic (theta) EEG activity. This early paper (Vanderwolf and Heron, 1964) was followed up by a detailed account of a variety of motor behaviors and hippocampal theta oscillation (Vanderwolf 1969). He showed that in the waking rat, hippocampal EEG is dominated by thetaoscillations (6 to 10 Hz; for this he coined a new term, rhythmic slow activity or RSA) during locomotion, rearing, exploratory head turning, and sniffing. In contrast, in other observable behaviors such as eating, drinking, grooming, and immobility, theta is replaced by "large amplitude irregular activity" (LIA).
He published two books, An Odyssey Through the Brain, Behavior and Mind and The Evolving Brain: The Mind and the Neural Control of Behavior, that provide an overview of his academic career and research findings. In 2000, he was awarded an honorary degree from the University of Lethbridge.
He died unexpectedly in his home on June 16, 2015 in London, Ontario, at the age of 79.
References
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20110728034949/http://www.societyforqualityeducation.org/reports/SQE_Science_Report.pdf
https://web.archive.org/web/20110706201924/http://psyc.queensu.ca/~psyc371/pdf%20papers/vanderwolf98.pdf
http://communications.uwo.ca/com/western_news/stories/psychology_professor_to_receive_honorary_degree_20000317430553/
Canadian neuroscientists
University of Western Ontario faculty
University of Alberta alumni
McGill University alumni
People from Lac Ste. Anne County
Canadian people of Dutch descent
1935 births
2015 deaths
The Singing Kettle (also known as Artie's Singing Kettle) are a folk music and entertainment group from Scotland who perform traditional children's songs, along with live theatre performances. Originally from the village of Kingskettle in Fife, they were formed by established folk singers Cilla Fisher and Artie Trezise, eventually being joined by musician Gary Coupland. In 2012, founding member Fisher retired from performing with the group, and Trezise not wanting to, did the same. Three years later in 2015 the group performed their last live shows as a collective. Trezise who has since spilt with Fisher, returned in 2019 touring with solo shows.
The group were awarded a BAFTA for best children's TV programme and Fisher, Trezise and Coupland were made MBEs for their services to the entertainment industry.
Career
Husband and wife Cilla Fisher and Artie Trezise started touring as a folk singing duo in the mid-1970s.
The group name "The Singing Kettle" came about in 1982. Their first venture under this title was a children's album, featuring everything from traditional Scottish rhymes to songs learned on their folk tour of the US. A group of children contributed backing vocals for certain tracks, including their daughter Jane, creating the first set of "Kettle Kids".
The idea came of turning "The Singing Kettle" album into a show, as they were unimpressed by other, few, children's theatre shows at the time. The show toured to primary schools, with the idea of clues for songs found inside kettles, and for this they recruited their friend, musician Gary Coupland. The touring show eventually developed into a more plot-led piece of musical theatre and they began performing in large scale theatres across the country. Over the years the Singing Kettle have presented their own specially written shows including The Boogie Woogie Zoo, The Time Machine, Pirates, Wild West Show, Medieval Madness, World Tour, Funny Farm, and Homemade Band. Additionally some of their shows have raised awareness of important topics, notably road safety (Busy Road Show), good dental hygiene (Tooth Happy Songs) and pollution (one of the Adventures in Kettleland episodes).
They were joined for a time by Cilla and Artie's daughter, Jane, who left to be in the electro band Motormark, replaced by Kevin McLeod – the former company stage manager. In 2003 Smithsonian Folkways Recordings released The Singing Kettle: Singalong Songs from Scotland, the group's first recording to be widely distributed outside the United Kingdom.
Alongside being performers, The Singing Kettle sang the theme song to a children's cartoon series, Meeow!, which ran from 2000 to 2002 on Children's ITV. Meeow! was latterly shown on wknd@stv in 2009.
Aside from their several albums of traditional children's music, The Singing Kettle has also released several DVDs and made five television series with BBC Scotland and two television series with ITV. They toured regularly throughout the United Kingdom, performing their highly successful stage show. They have performed command performances before both Prince Charles and Jordan's royal family. The three founding members of The Singing Kettle (Fisher, Trezise, and Coupland) have each been honoured with the MBE. There was a Singing Kettle Shop in Kingskettle which sold all sorts of different merchandise, as well as being home to the company offices.
The group announced in October 2012 that they were auditioning for a new permanent member. Later that month they announced that Fisher and Trezise were retiring from performing and would continue to work on writing and behind the scenes. Coupland and McLeod were joined by Anya Scott-Rodgers.
In September 2014, the group announced that the 'Big Christmas Party' show would be their final tour, and that they would be breaking up in February 2015 after 32 years. The group performed their last show in Aberdeen on 15 February 2015. McLeod, Coupland and Anya are continuing to work together in a group called Funbox.
It has been reported that Artie did not wish to end the group and the decision was made by Cilla. Subsequently, the pair split up. In 2018, Artie returned to touring with a show called 'Artie's Tartan Tales' performing songs from the kettle and telling stories. In 2017, he was accompanied on festival dates with musical performer Ryan Moir. The following year he announced he would be bringing back 'the kettles'. He started touring once again with the his live show 'Artie's Singing Kettle Show'. He later toured with a new show called 'Artie's Singing Kettle Sing-along. In October 2019 he toured with his Halloween show called 'Artie's Singing Kettle Holloween Show. A Christmas show followed in December. In early 2020, he set up a new YouTube channel featuring videos of him singing songs from the shows and his postponed tour; along with a different coloured kettle. The videos were recorded from home in order to comply with pandemic restrictions.
Cast
Cilla Fisher
(Songwriter/Producer/Director)
Cilla Fisher MBE (born 26 September 1952) made her musical debut on BBC Radio Scotland at the age of 9. She started performing with Trezise in 1974. In the shows, Fisher played the character of Maw. She still occasionally sings solo in pubs and clubs for adults.
Her brother, Archie, and sister, Ray, both enjoyed success in the folk music industry when they were young. Ray died in 2011 and Archie remains a respected folk music performer. Fisher retired as a performer in the show, along with Trezise, at the end of the 'Fairytale Castle' tour in February 2013.
Artie Trezise
(Producer/Managing Director)
Artie Trezise MBE (born 3 April 1947) left his teaching job to tour in regional pubs and clubs as a folk singer. He started performing with Fisher in 1974. In the shows, Trezise played Willie and Jeremy.
In other work, he gives talks to American tourists and Danish school teachers about The Singing Kettle's work.
Gary Coupland
Gary Coupland MBE (born 26 March 1964) was the musician for the group. He plays at social functions and weddings, and played for Prince Charles.
He joined "Cilla & Artie" for a tour of Scotland, thence starting The Singing Kettle.
Coupland went on to provide entertainment and music for a host of occasions such as weddings, family parties, schools, corporate events, tea dances, ceilidhs, themed nights and cabaret for over twenty five years.
Being the band's accompanist, Coupland is well known as The Singing Kettle's own Music Man and he received an MBE in 1999. He is also the patron of Down Syndrome Scotland.
Jane Fisher
Jane Fisher (born c. 1973) is daughter to Cilla and Artie. She had worked as a backing vocalist on some of The Singing Kettle's LP's and albums before joining the group as a front in 1995. She left the band after the "Winter Wonderland Tour" in 2002 to join Motormark and is now in FANGS.
Kevin Macleod
Kevin Macleod (born 9 March 1969) worked as The Singing Kettle's stage manager for years before joining the group.
McLeod first appeared in the 2001 Christmas tour 'Winter Wonderland' and can be heard on the cassette. This was a cross-over show, that also featured Jane prior to her departure. This was the only time there were 5 members in the show at once.
He later joined the group for their "Jungle Party Tour" in 2002 and was in the group until 2015. McLeod also played the characters of Bonzo, Henry and Jock during the shows.
Anya Scott-Rodgers
Anya Scott-Rodgers (born 7 October 1987) joined the group upon the retirement of Fisher and Trezise as performers in the show. Anya was auditioned from hundreds of applicants from all over the world and became the new face of the Singing Kettle.
Characters
Willie, Henry and Maw
Willie and Maw (played by Trezise and Fisher) started during the late 1980s in "cutaway" scenes from the group on their stage and TV shows. Willie and Maw were highlights of The Singing Kettle's tours until the 2002 line-up change, when Willie's "long lost brother" Henry (played by MacLeod) arrived and Maw was dropped from the show. Willie and Henry last appeared on the "Christmas Pyjama Party Tour" in the 2009/10 Christmas season show.
Bonzo
Bonzo the Dog (played by Macleod) is the "pet" of the group who first appeared in "The Homemade Band Show" as an angry next door neighbour. After the success of The Homemade Band Show and the interest in the character of Bonzo, he returned for "The Jungle Party" and went on to appear in all following shows.
Bonzo has become a favourite with The Singing Kettle's fans. He was made into a toy and it was a bestseller in the group's merchandise. A collection of Bonzo's appearances on the tours, along with special recordings was released on DVD in 2005.
The character of Bonzo continues to appear in Coupland, McLeod and Anya's new show, Funbox.
Jock and Jeremy
Jock and Jeremy (also played by Trezise and MacLeod) replaced Willie and Henry for the "Boogie Woogie Zoo" tour (and onwards) as two chefs. Following Trezise's retirement as a performer, Macleod continued to play Jock until the final tour in 2015.
TV series
The television series was commissioned by BBC Scotland after visiting the group performing in Dunfermline in 1988. When Liz Scott, the director of the series showed Anna Home BBC Head of Children's programmes she did not believe it would transfer well to other parts of the UK. She thought it was "too couthie and very Scottish".
BBC produced five series of The Singing Kettle between 1989 and 1993, which featured the original band members, Fisher, Trezise and Coupland. These series were later repeated on the BBC Schools programming thread from 1994 to 1996.
In 1995, the group starred in The Singing Kettle News for ITV's Scottish Television channel which was followed by The Singing Kettle Show in 2000. These two series also featured Jane, in addition to the original three members. In 2016, the series began airing on STV Glasgow and STV Edinburgh as part of their 'Wean's World' children's programming strand.
"Spout, handle, lid of metal..."
"Spout, handle, lid of metal, What's inside the Singing Kettle?" was created by Fisher just before the BBC came to visit the group perform in Dunfermline in 1988, as they believed they needed something for the BBC. The rhyme has been used in the majority of songs selected onto the playlist.
One exception was in the 1991 Christmas Cracker Show for the BBC, where song clues were in giant crackers (with a kettle shaped card attached bearing a riddle with clues to what is inside) and this sentence was chanted by Fisher and Trezise over the Singing Kettle rhyme's backing music (where the children join in is denoted in bold): "Well, there's only one way for us to find out, so as loud as you can... everyone shouts... crack the cracker!" However the original rhyme was used in part three of backstage commentary where Trezise, Fisher and Coupland were retrieving their Christmas presents from Father Christmas, which were placed inside a kettle.
Another exception was in the mid-1990s 'Singing Kettle News' shows for Scottish Television where the rhyme was used at the end shortly before the closing credits in each episode, to retrieve the newspapers that had been put together that episode.
Discography
A small selection. In total 39 CD have been released.
1979 - Cilla and Artie Topic
1982 - The Singing Kettle
1985 - The Singing Kettle 2
1987 - The Singing Kettle 3
1989 - The Singing Kettle 4
Videos
1990 - The Singing Kettle (BBC Video)
1991 - The Singing Kettle 2 (BBC Video)
1992 - The Singing Kettle 3 (BBC Video)
1992 - The Singing Kettle Christmas Crackers (BBC Video)
1993 - Adventures in Kettle Land (BBC Video)
1994 - Very Best of the Singing Kettle (BBC Video)
1994 - World Tour (PolyGram Video)
1995 - Pirates (PolyGram Video)
1996 - Christmas Party (PolyGram Video)
1997 - The Singing Kettle News: Daly News
1997 - The Busy Roadshow
The Singing Kettle News: Sing All About It
The Best of the Singing Kettle News
1998 - Best Loved Singalong Songs
Get up and Go
Tooth Happy Songs
2001 - Silly Circus
2002 - Homemade Band Show
2003 - Toytown
Merry Christmas Show
Jungle Party
2003 - Medieval Madness
2004 - Deep Sea Adventures
In 2009 Blue Bleezin' Blind Drunk sung by Fisher from Cilla and Artie was included in Topic Records 70-year anniversary boxed set Three Score and Ten as track six on the fourth CD.
DVDs
Christmas Party
Silly Circus
Homemade Band
Jungle Party
Toytown
Blast Off
Wild West Show
Deep Sea Adventures
Pirate Island
Old Mcdonald's Farm
Medieval Madness
Funny Farm Show
Calamity Castle
Rumble in the Jungle
Fantastic Funfair
2 DVD Collection: Silly Circus/Homemade Band
2 DVD Collection: ToyTown/Jungle Party
4 DVD Box Set Collection
Bonzo: Singalong Adventures
The Singing Kettle LIVE
Live shows
See also
Music of Scotland
References
External links
The Singing Kettle's official web site
The Singing Kettle on STV Player
An article about the group at folkmusic.net
Smithsonian Folkways
1974 establishments in Scotland
2015 disestablishments in Scotland
1989 Scottish television series debuts
1993 Scottish television series endings
1980s Scottish television series
1990s Scottish television series
1980s British children's television series
1990s British children's television series
1980s British music television series
1990s British music television series
BAFTA winners (television series)
BBC children's television shows
BBC Scotland television shows
British children's musical groups
British children's musical television series
English-language television shows
Musical groups established in 1974
Musical groups disestablished in 2015
Scottish folk music groups
Dugas may refer to:
May Dugas de Pallandt van Eerde (1869–1937), Baroness and conwoman
Firmin Dugas (1830–1889), businessman and politician
Francis Dugas (1919–2008), Louisiana politician
François Octave Dugas (1852–1918), politician
Gaëtan Dugas (1953–1984), AIDS victim
Gus Dugas (1907–1997), baseball player
Jean-Baptiste Dugas-Montbel, translator
Jeanne Dugas (1731–1817), Acadian woman
Joseph Louis Euclide Dugas (1861–1943), farmer and politician
Lucien Dugas (1897–1985), educator, lawyer and politician
Martin Dugas (born 1972), soccer player
Richard Dugas Jr. (born 1965), businessman
Taylor Dugas (born 1989), American baseball player
William Dugas (1809–unknown), millwright and politician
See also
Dugas, New Brunswick
Jean Edouard Marie Nicolas (9 June 1913 – 8 September 1978) was a French international footballer who played as a striker.
Born in Nanterre, Nicolas played club football for FC Rouen, and appeared in the 1934 and 1938 World Cup squads for France, and scored two goals in the 1938 edition of the tournament.
He scored a total of 21 goals in 25 international games between 1933 and 1938, making him the twelfth-highest goalscorer for France.
External links
1913 births
1978 deaths
People from Nanterre
French footballers
France international footballers
FC Rouen players
Ligue 1 players
Ligue 2 players
1934 FIFA World Cup players
1938 FIFA World Cup players
Association football forwards
Footballers from Hauts-de-Seine
Shehzad Afzal is a writer, director, producer, editor, cinematographer and game designer born in Dundee, Scotland.
He produced and directed Bo Kata a documentary film which received a limited UK theatrical release in 2007.
Life
A former graduate of Robert Gordon University, University of Abertay, Edinburgh Napier University and Dundee College, where Shehzad studied Computer Science, Creative Writing, Screen Project Development (Screen Academy Scotland, MA with Distinction), and Management; winning the first prize award for his academic achievements and receiving the prestigious Edinburgh Napier University Class Medal.
He was a finalist in the Global Digital Cities Video Game Design Competition in 2005 and 2007.
In 2010 he was awarded the Abbey Santander Award for Outstanding Achievement in Film and Creative Media.
Shehzad was selected for the Engage Programme, a European wide talent development program in 2010, developing screen projects, traveling to Ireland, Finland, Estonia and Scotland, undertaking workshops and masterclasses.
During May 2016, Shehzad attested and became a reservist in the British Army at the age of 47, joining the Corps of Royal Engineers, passing his basic training at ATC Pirbright in February 2017 aged 48, making him one of the very few people to have accomplished this feat.
After two films, Ravi Dreams (2003), a documentary about culture and mysticism in Lahore and Transvestite Days(2004), a short film giving a glimpse into the life of a Transvestite in Lahore, Pakistan; Afzal's first collaborative film, shot in Edinburgh, Scotland, 2004, was a short four-minute piece called The Full 10 Yards.
At Screen Academy Scotland, Shehzad produced two award-winning short films, including a first collaboration on a film project between screen academies in the UK (Screen Academy Scotland & Screen Academy Wales).
Nominee for the Satyajit Ray Film Foundation Award for Best Film Award 2007 in association with the British Council and the British Film Institute for documentary film, Bo Kata.
Presented by Sean Connery, the Edinburgh International Film Festival 2009 & Skillset Trailblazer Award which celebrated emerging talent in British Cinema.
In 2019, Shehzad developed an Android Application called Bo Kata Digital, which allowed his documentary, Bo Kata, to be available as a downloadable app available from Amazon App Store and Google Play Store.
Filmography
References
External links
Film Production profile from filmedup.com
People from Dundee
Living people
Scottish film directors
Scottish film producers
Scottish screenwriters
Scottish documentary filmmakers
British film editors
British video game designers
British documentary film producers
British documentary film directors
Asian film producers
Alumni of Robert Gordon University
Alumni of Abertay University
Alumni of Edinburgh Napier University
Alumni of the Edinburgh College of Art
People educated at Harris Academy
Scottish people of Pakistani descent
Punjabi people
Writers from Dundee
Year of birth missing (living people)
Yaser Muzmel Muhamed Al-Tayeb (born 1 January 1992) is a Sudanese professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Al-Hilal Omdurman and the Sudan national football team.
References
Living people
1993 births
Sudanese footballers
Sudan international footballers
Al-Hilal Club (Omdurman) players
Association football wingers
Sex trafficking in Vietnam is human trafficking for the purpose of sexual exploitation and slavery that occurs in the Socialist Republic of Vietnam. Vietnam is a source and, to a lesser extent, destination country for sexually trafficked persons.
Sex trafficking victims in the country are from all ethnic groups in Vietnam and foreigners. Vietnamese citizens, primarily women and girls, have been sex trafficked into other countries in Asia and different continents.
They are forced into prostitution, marriages, and or pregnancies. Victims are threatened and physically and psychologically harmed. They contract sexually transmitted diseases from rapes, and abuse and malnutrition are common. Some women and girls are tortured and or murdered.
Sex trafficking and exploitation have pervaded all levels of Vietnamese society. Male and female perpetrators in Vietnam come from a wide range of backgrounds and a number are members of or facilitated by organized crime syndicates and gangs.
Some government officials, troops, and police, as well as foreigners, have been complicit in sex trafficking in Vietnam.
the extent of sex trafficking in Vietnam is unknown because of the lack of data, the underground nature of sex trafficking crimes, inadequate victim identification procedures, and other elements.
The enforcement of sex trafficking laws and investigating and prosecuting of cases have been hindered by corruption, apathy, border management problems, lack of cooperation among sectors, ignorance of anti-trafficking law, and more. Globalization and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations'(ASEAN) shift towards a formal community with freer movement of trade and capital may lead to an increase sex trafficking.
History
Cantonese outlaw bandit pirates in the Guangdong maritime frontier with Vietnam in the 17th, 18th and 19th centuries frequently kidnapped and raped Vietnamese women and Vietnamese boys.
Vietnamese women and girls were mass trafficked from Vietnam to China during French colonial rule by Chinese and Vietnamese pirates and agencies. French Captain Louis de Grandmaison claimed that these Vietnamese women did not want to go back to Vietnam and they had families in China and were better off in China. Vietnamese women were in demand because of a lower number of Chinese women available in China and along the borderlands of China there were many Chinese men who had no women and needed Vietnamese women. Vietnamese women in the Red River delta were taken to China by Chinese recruitment agencies as well as Vietnamese women who were kidnapped from villages which were raided by Vietnamese and Chinese pirates. The Vietnamese women became wives, prostitutes, or slaves.
Vietnamese women were viewed in China as "inured to hardship, resigned to their fate, and in addition of very gentle character" so they were wanted as concubines and servants in China and the massive traffick of Tongkinese (North Vietnamese) women to China started in 1875. There was massive demand for Vietnamese women in China. Southern Chinese ports were the destination of the children and women who were kidnapped by Chinese pirates from the area around Haiphong in Vietnam. Children and pretty women were taken by the pirates in their raids on Vietnamese villages. A major center for human trafficking of the slaves was Hai Phong. The Vietnamese children and women were kidnapped and brought to China to become slaves by both Chinese and Vietnamese pirates.
Mung, Meo, Thai, and Nung minority women in Tonkin's mountains were kidnapped by Vietnamese pirates and Chinese pirates to bring to China. The anti-French Can Vuong rebels were the source of the Vietnamese bandits while former Taiping rebels were the source of the Chinese rebels. These Vietnamese and Chinese pirates fought against the French colonial military and ambushed French troops, receiving help from regular Chinese soldiers to fight against the French. Chinese and Nung pirates fought against Meo. The T'ai hated the Viet Minh and fought against them in 1947. Nung were said to be fit for banditry and piracy.
Brothels in Bangkok bought kidnapped Vietnamese women fleeing South Vietnam after the Vietnam war who were taken by pirates.
Victims
Vietnamese women and girls are sex trafficked into China, Hong Kong, Cambodia, Malaysia, the Philippines, Taiwan, South Korea and other nations. They are forced into prostitution or marriages, as well as unfree labour in homes and on farms. A number of women are raped so they become pregnant and are forced to be surrogates. Some women and girls have been trafficked to groups of men, who are poor and pool their money together to buy one wife. Forced prostitutes are raped in brothels, massage parlors, karaoke bars, and other establishments. They are kept under strict surveillance and it is not uncommon for them to be guarded and/or tied or locked up. A number of victims are drugged.
Minorities and people in poverty with little education and awareness of trafficking, as well as children, are vulnerable to sex trafficking.
Victims face social stigma after escaping or being rescued. Some are reluctant to report traffickers to the local authorities because they fear reprisal from the criminals.
Vietnamese victims have been sex trafficked to businesses catering to people seeing the Southeast Asian Games and other sporting events.
Perpetrators
The perpetrators are often members of or collude with organized criminal groups. Some perpetrators are government officials, military officers or enlisted men, or police. Loan sharks have been involved in sex trafficking as well and take advantage of debt bondage to control their victims. The traffickers are sometimes the victims' family members or friends. Perpetrators are motivated by monetary incentives. A number of perpetrators are coerced victims of trafficking themselves.
Perpetrators use the internet for cybersex trafficking crimes and the production and sale of child pornography. They also use cryptocurrencies to help hide their identity.
Some sex traffickers pose as police officers to gain victims' trust.
Traffickers use chat sites and social networks such as Facebook and Zalo, a popular Vietnamese messaging app. Traffickers threaten victims' families to ensure submission.
Government response problems
The government had inadequate re-integration services, therapeutic support, legal and financial assistance, and education for victims. Limited protections are available for women and girls returned to their homes.
Non-governmental organizations
Blue Dragon Children's Foundation rescues and restores sex trafficked victims in the country. It is supported by the United Nations Trust Fund for Victims of Human Trafficking.
Pacific Links Foundation is an organization working to end sex trafficking in Vietnam through education and economic empowerment.
References
Society of Vietnam
Crime in Vietnam by type
Human rights abuses in Vietnam
Prostitution in Vietnam
Sex industry in Vietnam
Violence in Vietnam
Violence against women in Vietnam
Women in Vietnam
Vietnam
Jackass: The Game is a party video game based on the television series Jackass. It was developed by Sidhe for the PlayStation 2 and PlayStation Portable, while the Nintendo DS version was developed by Sensory Sweep Studios. The game was published by Red Mile Entertainment.
All of the Jackass cast (excluding Bam Margera, who did not appear in the game due to contractual commitments with Activision) and crew provided their own voices and supply their likenesses for the game. The game uses motion capture to replicate the cast's movements. However, Ryan Dunn did not participate in the filming of the motion capture due to him being diagnosed with depression because of a blood clot that he had since the end of filming Jackass Number Two. He does, however, voice his in-game character. Johnny Knoxville and other members of the Jackass team also provided stunt ideas to the developers based on unused stunts from the show.
Gameplay
In an article by IGN, it was stated that the video game would consist of a set of 40 minigames that closely follow aspects of both the series and the movies. Wee Man has his own set of minigames in the video game. It is stated on the official game website that the DS version has an open environment with which players interact to pull off stunts.
Plot
After Jeff Tremaine is hospitalized, the crew calls upon the player to step up and fill the role as director of Jackass. The player's goal is to collect the best footage from up to 36 different stunts throughout the game to create an all-new season of Jackass for MTV. All stunts have a minimum requirement for content before MTV will approve an episode for broadcast. These requirements are broken up into specific objectives for each stunt. The new season requires seven episodes of Jackass footage.
Gameplay
Jackass: The Game offers two gameplay modes for players, as well as two bonus features:
MTV Story Mode: The primary campaign mode for Jackass: The Game. By playing through this mode, the player can unlock new content within the game, such as new characters and outfits.
Episodes: Stunts are collected into groups called "Episodes". Episodes in the game are similar to the format and structure of the TV series, collecting a series of five stunts which may or may not be related by a general theme. In each episode, the player is free to complete the stunts in any order.
Additionally, Jackass: The Game contains two bonus features within the game:
Director Mode: This mode gives players the ability to use their saved replays from various stunts and edit the footage as they see fit. Players are given a variety of different camera angles to edit each replay how they'd like. This feature is only available in the PSP version.
Theater: This feature contains actual stunts from the Jackass TV series for players to view. Theater mode includes stunts such as "The Vomelet", "Party Boy", and "The Cup Test". This feature also includes a special behind-the-scenes look at the Jackass cast recording their individual voice-overs for the game.
Reception
The PlayStation 2 and PSP versions received "mixed" reviews, while the DS version received "unfavorable" reviews, according to the review aggregation website Metacritic.
Jackass: The Game for PSP was awarded the IGN PlayStation Portable Readers Game of the Month for September 2007.
The PSP version also won the award in the User Generated Content category at the TUANZ Business Internet 2007 Awards in November 2007 on the strength of its video capture, editing, and sharing tools.
References
External links
Official website
IGN Preview
GameSpot coverage of Jackass at E3 2006
2007 video games
PlayStation 2 games
PlayStation Portable games
Minigame compilations
Nintendo DS games
Video games based on television series
Video games developed in New Zealand
Video games developed in the United States
Video games featuring protagonists of selectable gender
Jackass (TV series)
Motion capture in video games
RenderWare games
Sensory Sweep Studios games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
The Norwegian Federation of Craft Enterprises () is an employers' organisation in Norway, organized under the national Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise.
It was established in 1993 under the name Håndverksbedriftenes Landsforening (HBL).
The current director is Merethe Sunde. Chairman of the board is Vibeke Giske.
References
External links
Official site
Employers' organisations in Norway
1993 establishments in Norway
Jules Louis Guillery (14 March 1824 – 7 February 1902) was a Belgian lawyer and liberal politician.
As a politician, he was a member of the Belgian parliament and President of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives from 13 November 1878 until 10 March 1881 and Minister of State.
See also
Liberal Party
Liberalism in Belgium
Sources
Jules Louis Guillery
Lebrocquy, G., Types et Profils parlementaires, Paris, Lachaud & Burdin, 1873, p. 191-192.
Annales de la Société Archéologique de l'arrondissement de Nivelles, T. X, Nivelles, 1911, p. 258.
De Paepe, Jean-Luc, Raindorf-Gérard, Christiane (ed.), Le Parlement Belge 1831-1894. Données Biographiques, Brussels, Académie Royale de Belgique, 1996, p. 332.
Serwy, V., La coopération en Belgique. Dictionnaire biographique, Brussels, 1952, p. 166.
1802 births
1878 deaths
Belgian Ministers of State
Presidents of the Chamber of Representatives (Belgium)
Archives of Computational Methods in Engineering is a scholarly journal that provides a forum for spreading results of research and advanced industrial practice in computational engineering with particular emphasis on mechanics and its related areas. It publishes reviews presenting developments in computational engineering.
Subjects covered
Areas of research published in the journal include modeling; solution techniques and applications of computational methods in areas including liquid and gas dynamics, solid and structural mechanics, biomechanics); variational formulations and numerical algorithms related to implementation of the finite and boundary element methods; finite difference and finite volume methods and other computational methods.
Impact factor
The journal has a 2020 impact factor of 7.302.
Indexing
Among others, the journal is abstracted and indexed in Google Scholar, Index to Scientific Reviews, Journal Citation Reports/Science Edition, OCLC, Science Citation Index Expanded (SciSearch), SCOPUS, Summon by Serial Solutions, VINITY - Russian Academy of Science]] and Zentralblatt Math.
Editorial board
The editors-in-chief of the journal are Michael Kleiber (Institute of Fundamental Technological Research, Polish Academy of Sciences, Warsaw) and Eugenio Oñate (School of Civil Engineering and CIMNE - Technical University of Catalonia (UPC), Barcelona, Spain).
References
External links
Springer
SpringerLink
Computer science journals
Engineering journals
English-language journals
Publications established in 1994
Springer Science+Business Media academic journals
The 1968 Australia Cup was the seventh and final season of the Australia Cup, which was the main national association football knockout cup competition in Australia.
Teams
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
First leg
Second leg
Sydney Hakoah won after Perth Azzurri forfeited the second leg.
Melbourne Hakoah won 4–3 on aggregate.
Final
First leg
Second leg
Sydney Hakoah won 6–1 on aggregate.
References
Australia Cup
Aust
Aust
The 1951–52 Norwegian 1. Divisjon season was the 13th season of ice hockey in Norway. Eight teams participated in the league, and Furuset IF won the championship.
Regular season
External links
Norwegian Ice Hockey Federation
Nor
GET-ligaen seasons
1951–52 in Norwegian ice hockey
Days with Dr. Yen Lo is a full-length studio rap album by the duo Dr. Yen – Ka and DJ Preservation. The pair recorded the album at The End in Greenpoint, Brooklyn, New York, where it was released on May 16, 2015 via Pavlov Institute Records. The album was produced by Preservation with Tim Fodness as co-producer. The group's name, as well as the album title, were inspired by Khigh Dhiegh's character Dr. Yen Lo from John Frankenheimer's 1962 film The Manchurian Candidate.
The album was Ka's fourth studio album, following 2013s The Night's Gambit and preceding Honor Killed the Samurai released in 2016. The duo had previously collaborated together on 1200 B.C. an extended play released in 2014. The trailer for the album was released on February 12, 2015 via Ka's YouTube channel. The album features 12 tracks, all named "Day" followed by a number. A series of music videos were released for three of the tracks:"Day 0", "Day 3" and "Day 70", all directed by the duo.
Themes and recording
Rapper Ka released The Night's Gambit in July 2013 before working on a collaborative Extended play with DJ Preservation in 2014 which released as 1200 B.C. The pair decided to name the record after Dr. Yen Lo, Khigh Dhiegh's character from the 1962 political and psychological thriller The Manchurian Candidate by John Frankenheimer. The album was written not to retrace the plot of the film but plays soundbites interspersing original lyrics.
Similar to The Night's Gambit this was recorded in The End in Greenpoint, Brooklyn, New York, Nathan Stevens from Spectrum Culture suggests the record is designed to be "anti-pop, meant to make listeners profoundly uncomfortable". Ka plays the part of the narrator and Preservation takes the position as director.
Critical reception
Days with Dr. Yen Lo was met with generally favorable reviews from critics . Samuel Diamond of Tiny Mix Tapes gave it maximum score saying that the album is "a work of art that feels fully realized on every level, from the Bigavelian harmonization of each seamlessly stacked Ka ad lib to the mix-mastery of each precisely-pitched Preservation sample". Critic Tom Hull said "rapper Ka and producer Preservation styled this concept album after the notorious Chinese doctor-hypnotist in The Manchurian Candidate, which also provides occasional snatches of dialog. The story strays but the music is hypnotic, with or without the monotone raps". Nathan Stevens of Spectrum Culture said that the album "builds the same world of anxiety, paranoia and treacherous twists as The Manchurian" and is "anti-pop-rap, meant to make listeners profoundly uncomfortable". Winston Cook-Wilson of Pitchfork said that the album "doesn't retrace the plot of the film or the book that inspired it, but instead engages with its themes, playing off of soundbytes interspersed between songs".
M.T. Richards of Spin stated that "This is an album about fear, death and strategic miscarriage in buckshot-logged East Brooklyn, where the carrot of job security is no incentive to hold out hope". American rapper Earl Sweatshirt highly praised the work, calling it the "album of 2015".
Accolades
Track listing
Personnel
Kaseem "Ka" Ryan – vocals
Jean Daval – producer
Tim Fodness – co-producer
Chris Pummill – recording
Charles Scott Harding – mixing
Michael Fossenkemper – mastering
Mark Shaw – design
Rahkeim Calief Meyer – vocals (track 7)
References
External links
2015 albums
Ka (rapper) albums
China is the world leader in lettuce production, producing half of the world's lettuce. Stem lettuce is grown in the country and the stems are prepared as a cooked vegetable. According to estimates given by the Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) in 2006, China produced around 11,005,000 metric tonnes of lettuce on 500,250 hectares of land. In 2010, the FAO reported that some lettuce were produced during that year. Taiwan is also a producer of good quality head lettuce, which is an export commodity.
History
China first started growing lettuce (Lactuta sativa L.) in the seventh century, according to one source, although another source writes that lettuce was introduced earlier, in the fifth century. It is not quite clear as to how lettuce got to China. The country has long been the leading lettuce producer in the world, with roughly of lettuce produced in 2005, and on in 2006. China accounts for around half of the world's total lettuce production.
Agriculture
As per FAO's Preliminary Statistics for 2011 for China, the area under lettuce and chicory was with a total production of 13.431 million tonnes. Most of the lettuce produced in China is purchased and consumed within the country.
The common types of lettuce grown are the Butterhead (Lactuca sativa var. capitata), the Crisphead (Lactuca sativa var. capitata), the Looseleaf (Lactuca sativa var. crispa), the Romaine (Lactuca sativa var. longifolia), and the Celtuce. Celtuce is grown widely in the country and its stems are prepared as a cooked vegetable. Celtuce (Lactuca sativa var. angustana), an endemic plant of China, is also called stem lettuce. The name is derived from two words “celery” and “lettuce.” It is succulent, has thick stem and tender leaves. The plant grows to a height of 10 to 12 inches and has leaves at the end, similar to that of lettuce. Its skin tastes bitter, and hence is removed by paring it and leaving only the green core of it which is soft and translucent.
Prickly lettuce or China lettuce (Lactuca serriola) is also a variety grown in waste lands along roadsides, yards and gardens. It is an irrigated crop that is suited to grow on light or dry soils.
In Taiwan, head lettuce is an export crop (40–50% produce exported) grown in the sub-tropical mountainous area, which is suitable (due to its cool climate) for its cultivation. This crop is a good source of vitamin A and folic acid. It is green in colour and has crisp leaves and is of the compact variety. Though low in calories it is a vitamin and mineral supplement. Stem lettuce provides vitamin C and also calcium.
Culinary dishes
In China, lettuce is not eaten in a raw form of salad. The preferred common usage is in plain form as stir-fried (cooked for a short time) and occasionally mixed with mushroom and other vegetables, and well spiced with garnishing. It is also steamed individually. It is also used in combination with meat dishes such as “Sliced Pork Stir Fried with Lettuce.” Lettuce soups are also common, along with fish or minced chicken. For this preparation, fresh and crisp lettuce is chosen and the soup is consumed hot and not allowed to go tasteless. Other varieties of dishes are “Lettuce and fermented Bean Cake” and “Clear Simmered Bean Card with Lettuce and Cellophane Noodles.” Stem lettuce, which originated in China, is cooked and used as a food item.
Culture
It is common belief in China that lettuce is a symbol for wealth and good luck. It is a festive food during birthdays, New Year's Day and several other festive occasions. Celtuce is pickled and used as a side dish during meals.
Gallery
Notes
References
Agricultural production in China by commodity
Lettuce
The Cabinet Secretariat is a part of the Cabinet of Pakistan, led by the Prime Minister Shehbaz Sharif. The administrative head is the Cabinet Secretary of Pakistan. The Secretariat has the following government departments attached under it:
Akthar Hameed Khan National Centre for Rural Development
Department of Communications Security
Department of Stationery and Forms
Federal Employees Benevolent and Group Insurance Fund
Federal Public Service Commission
Civil Services Academy
National School of Public Policy
Pakistan Academy for Rural Development
Pakistan Bait-ul-Mal
Pakistan International Airlines Corporation
Pakistan Meteorological Department
National Agromet Centre
Pakistan Tourism Development Corporation
Printing Corporation of Pakistan
Public Procurement Regulatory Authority
Secretariat Training Institute
Staff Welfare Organization
References
Federal government ministries of Pakistan
General Kubu Kubu, born Njagi wa Ikutha, was a Mau Mau leader. His nom de guerre, Kubu Kubu means "heavy thud" and was coined from the thud his feet made because of his heavy build.
Kubu Kubu (or Kubukubu) was the de facto leader of the Mau Mau Uprising battalion within the Embu country. He was also one of the leaders of Mau Mau in Kenya, alongside Dedan Kimathi, Musa Mwariama, and Waruhiu Itote, alias General China.
Kubu Kubu was revered by people across Embu and feared by colonialists. He successfully led the community for more than 10 years in defending their land, and families from colonial aggression. While colonial settlers carved out African lands across Kenyan highlands for themselves, they were repulsed in Embu.
Early life
Kubu Kubu was born Njagi wa Ikutha in the late 1920s in a heavily forested area in Mukuuri next to the current site of the Kubu Kubu Memorial Boarding Primary School, Embu County. Like many families from the pre-independence Mukuuri Native Reserve, Njagi's family later settled in Kianjokoma area after independence.
Mau Mau Years
During his time as Embu's independence war leader in the 1950s, General Kubu Kubu operated from Kirimiri Forest Hill, in Mũkũũrî sub-location. He spent days in the caves and nights leading attacks on colonial outposts. The heavily forested hill has an elevation of 1520 meters above sea level. In the case of an attack by the colonialists, fighters could light a fire and smoke would be seen billowing on top of the hill to act as a warning that the enemy was nearby.
He successfully raided colonial outposts in Embu and collected guns that were distributed to the fighters.
During his reign, Kubu Kubu allowed schools to operate. Thus many old schools in Embu, including Kangaru, Kigari, and Muragari still operated as the war was fought.
Around 1955, a breakaway group of Kikuyu and Meru Mau Mau fighters betrayed their Embu counterparts and stole many of their guns. The Embu fighters were forced to use the few remaining guns, and pangas and other crude weapons. In his book, "Mau Mau" General (East African Publishing House), General Itote writes how Kubu Kubu ruled that traitors must be dealt with ruthlessly. Kubu Kubu told Kimathi, Itote and other key leaders that not even women and children would be spared, if they were found to be colonial collaborators. At this point, a trap was then set to arrest the general.
Capture and Murder
A colonial informer offered to assist the Embu fighters get pangas and other weapons. Kubu Kubu, as the leader, led a team to pick up the weapons at a place called Itundu near Runyenjes town, where the colonial soldiers shot him in the leg and arrested him.
He was frog-marched through Mukuuri and Kathande villages where all women were ordered to collect firewood, which would be used to burn him. His captors lynched him near Muragari Primary School in Mukuuri.
Colonialists made a huge pyre and set his body on fire, against Embu customs. They forced the women and children to watch the body go up in flames. They also humiliated women by forcing them to clap as the body turned into ashes.
After his death, Kavote took over as general. At the time, Kavote was one of the youngest fighters within the Mau Mau. He died in 2015.
Legacy
In 1987, former Runyenjes legislator Stanley Nyagah built a modern boarding primary school in Kubu Kubu's memory where his body was burnt in 1955.
A street and a shopping centre in Embu Town has also been named after him. A road in Nyeri Town has also been named after Kubu Kubu. The main street in Runyenjes Town is also named after him, as well as the Kubu Kubu Tented Lodge, a luxury camp in the heart of Serengeti National Park, Tanzania.
Itote widely mentions Kubu Kubu in his 1967 autobiography, "Mau Mau" General (East African Publishing House).
References
Kenyan military personnel
Year of birth uncertain
Year of death uncertain
1920s births
1950s deaths
People of the Mau Mau Uprising
Matten railway station () is a railway station in the municipality of St. Stephan, in the Swiss canton of Bern. It is an intermediate stop on the Montreux–Lenk im Simmental line of the Montreux Oberland Bernois Railway.
Services
The following services stop at Matten:
Regio: hourly service between and .
References
External links
Railway stations in the canton of Bern
Montreux Oberland Bernois Railway stations
Harvey Hull Johnson (September 7, 1808 – February 4, 1896) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio for one term from 1853 to 1855.
Biography
Born in West Rutland, Vermont, Johnson attended the common schools and Middlebury Academy.
He studied law.
He was admitted to the bar in 1833 and commenced practice in Akron, Ohio.
Postmaster of Akron in 1837.
He moved to Ashland, Ohio, about 1848.
Johnson was elected as a Democrat to the Thirty-third Congress (March 4, 1853 – March 3, 1855).
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1854.
He moved to Minnesota in 1855 and settled in Winona.
He resumed the practice of law.
He served as president of the Winona & St. Peter Railroad during its construction to Rochester.
He moved to Owatonna, Minnesota, in 1865 and engaged in the practice of law.
He served as mayor and city justice 1867-1870.
Death
He died in Owatonna, Minnesota, February 4, 1896.
He was interred in Forest Hill Cemetery.
Sources
1808 births
1896 deaths
People from West Rutland, Vermont
People from Ashland, Ohio
Mayors of places in Minnesota
People from Owatonna, Minnesota
19th-century American politicians
Middlebury College alumni
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Walloon town Nijvel, or Nivelles. This list is part of Belgium's national heritage.
|}
See also
Lists of protected heritage sites in Walloon Brabant
Nivelles
References
Belgian heritage register: Direction générale opérationnelle - Aménagement du territoire, Logement, Patrimoine et Energie (DG4)
www.dglive.be
Nivelles
Nivelles
Anthony Addington (1713 – 22 March 1790) was an English physician.
Life
Born in Twyford, Addington was educated at Winchester College. He went up to Trinity College, Oxford, where he took the degree of M.A. on 13 May 1740 and of M.D. on 24 January 1744. He was subsequently admitted a fellow of the College of Physicians, and went into practice in London, but was compelled by bad health to move to the country. His career gained considerable public attention when he appeared as an expert for the prosecution of Mary Blandy for the poisoning of her father Francis Blandy in 1752. He then retired to Reading in Berkshire, where he derived a large income from his profession, until his death in 1790. He devoted his attention particularly to the treatment of insanity, and was one of the physicians called in to see George III when he first showed symptoms of mental aberration.
Addington was a confidential friend and adviser of Lord Chatham. He took part in unsuccessful negotiations of a coalition between Chatham and Lord Bute.
Works
Addington wrote An Essay on the Sea Scurvy, wherein is proposed an easy method of curing that distemper at sea, and of preserving water sweet for any cruise or voyage. Reading, 1753. In this work, he describes the disease from accounts of others, rather than from his own observation. As treatment he recommended depletion, with the employment of seawater as a purgative, and drinks acidulated with muriatic acid. He conceives meat to be injurious, but regards biscuit as food suitable to persons affected with scurvy. He asserted that the addition of an ounce and a half of muriatic acid to a tun of water, will prevent its putrefaction, and preserve it sweet for any length of time.
An authentic Account of the Part taken by the late Earl Chatham in a Transaction which passed in the beginning of the year 1778 is no longer attributed to Addington.
Family
Addington married in 1745, Mary, daughter of the Rev. Haviland John Hiley, headmaster of Reading grammar school. Henry Addington, 1st Viscount Sidmouth, Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1801 to 1804, was their eldest son. John Hiley Addington was the second son.
Anne, the eldest, married in 1770 William Goodenough M.D., who died that year.
Eleanor, the second, married James Sutton (died 1801) of Devizes.
Elizabeth married William Hoskins.
Charlotte, the youngest, married in 1788 Charles Bragge Bathurst.
References
Long, George. The Biographical Dictionary of the Society for the Diffusion of Useful Knowledge. London: Longman, Brown, Green & Longmans, 1842–1844. 4 vols.
Notes
1713 births
1790 deaths
People from Twyford, Berkshire
People from Reading, Berkshire
18th-century English medical doctors
People educated at Winchester College
Alumni of Trinity College, Oxford
Parents of prime ministers of the United Kingdom
New Canaan was a small settlement between Essex to the Southeast and McGregor to the Northwest on Maiden Road (Rt. 12) in Essex County, Ontario, today officially part of the town of Essex.
The current Town of Essex was created on 1 April 1999 by the amalgamation of the communities of Essex, Harrow, Colchester North, and Colchester South. Harrow comprises the communities of Ambassador Beach, Barretville, Belcreft Beach, Colchester, Edgars, Essex Centre, Gesto, Harrow Centre, Klie's Beach, Leslies Corner, Levergood Beach, Lypps Beach, Marshfield, McGregor, New Canaan, Oxley, Paquette Corners, Seymour Beach and Vereker.
New Canaan was initially settled in the 1820s by Afro-Americans who had escaped from slavery in the American South, many of them from Kentucky. When the freedom boundary shifted to the Canada–United States border with the enactment of the Fugitive Slave Act of 1850, additional families seeking refuge and coming along the Underground Railroad into Canada joined the original black settlers in New Canaan.
Notable people
Delos Rogest Davis, one of Canada's first Black lawyers and organizer of the former North Colchester Township.
References
Populated places on the Underground Railroad
Communities in Essex County, Ontario
The Hollingworth Cliffs () are a line of cliffs to the south of Mount Absalom in the Herbert Mountains of the Shackleton Range in Antarctica. They were photographed from the air by the U.S. Navy in 1967, and surveyed by the British Antarctic Survey, 1968–71. In association with the names of glacial geologists grouped in this area, they were named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee after Sydney E. Hollingworth, a British geologist who specialized in the Pleistocene geology of northwest England, and was Professor of Geology at University College London, 1946–66.
References
Cliffs of Coats Land
Robert Roxby (16 March 1926 – 7 February 2010) was an Australian cricketer. He played sixteen first-class matches for New South Wales and South Australia between 1953/54 and 1958/59.
See also
List of New South Wales representative cricketers
References
External links
1926 births
2010 deaths
Australian cricketers
New South Wales cricketers
South Australia cricketers
Cricketers from Newcastle, New South Wales
Henrik Andreas Zetlitz Lassen (4 March 1818 - 6 January 1890) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1862 and 1865, representing the constituency of Stavanger. He worked as a physician in that city. In 1874 he was deputy representative.
On the local level he was mayor of Stavanger for three terms.
References
1818 births
1890 deaths
Members of the Storting
Politicians from Stavanger
Mayors of places in Rogaland
The Soviet-made ET42 is PKP's (Polish National Railways) most powerful standard gauge electric freight locomotive. Due to its provenance, it is often referred to by its nickname of Rusek (Polish derogatory word for a native of Russia) or Czapajew (Chapayev) (Russian: Чапаев).
Description
The locomotive's construction is based on that of the Soviet VL10 and VL11 (Russian: ВЛ10 & ВЛ11, respectively) and is characterised by its straightforward design as well as ease of use and reliability. The ET42 was designed to be a dual section locomotive from the outset, as opposed to the remaining dual section locomotives operated by PKP, such as the ET41 or ET40. For this reason a "single version" of the ET42 doesn't exist; nor is it possible to modify one of the sections to run as an independent unit. Since there aren't any empty spaces left by surplus cabs, the locomotive is much shorter than other dual section locomotives built from single units. The ET42 is also equipped with facilities for heating carriages and can therefore be used for hauling passenger trains.
Operational history
Fifty ET42s were purchased between 1978 and 1982 and were all based at the Zduńska Wola Karsznice depot. They were all built at the Novocherkassk Electric Locomotive Factory in the former Soviet town of Novocherkassk (Russian: Новочеркасск). The ET42's main role is hauling very heavy coal trains (up to 4,000 tonnes) along the routes leading from Silesia to the ports of Gdańsk and Gdynia. Four locomotives are no longer in PKP's inventory: ET42-003, ET42-033, ET42-043, ET42-045. ET42-003 was written off in a rail accident. Now all locomotives are based in Zakład Taboru Tarnowskie Góry.
Refurbishment
PKP announced that in 2019, all ET42 locomotives will be refurbished to better meed modern PKP standards.
See also
Polish locomotives designation
3000 V DC locomotives
Bo′Bo′+Bo′Bo′ locomotives
Polish State Railways electric locomotives
Standard gauge locomotives of Poland
Hylaea is a genus of flowering plants in the family Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1999. It is native to the Amazon rainforest of southern Venezuela and northwestern Brazil.
Species
Hylaea arborescens (Monach.) J.F.Morales - Amazonas State of Venezuela
Hylaea leptoloba (Monach.) J.F.Morales - Amazonas State of Brazil
References
Echiteae
Apocynaceae genera
Flora of the Amazon
The judiciary of Mongolia is made up of a three-tiered court system (first instance, appellate, supreme court) divided into three branches (civil, criminal, administrative cases). For questions of constitutional law there is a separate constitutional court. Besides there are forms of alternative dispute resolution.
First instance
First instance court types are:
District first instance court for civil cases ()
District first instance court for criminal cases ()
Number: 4 each; named after Ulaanbaatar city districts.
Inter-soum first instance court for civil cases ()
Inter-soum first instance court for criminal cases ()
Number: 21 each; named after an aimag.
Inter-soum court ()
Number: 8; each named after an aimag's soum.
First instance court for administrative cases (захиргааны хэргийн анхан шатны шүүх / ЗХАШ шүүх)
Number: 22; one for Ulaanbaatar and each aimag.
The Bayan-Ölgii courts of first instance bear alternative Kazakh names ().
Appellate instance
Appellate court types are:
Capital city appellate court for civil cases ()
Capital city appellate court for criminal cases ()
Number: 1 each.
Aimag appellate court for civil cases ()
Aimag appellate court for criminal cases ()
Number: 8 each; named after the aimags concerned.
Appellate court for administrative cases ()
Number: 1.
Supreme Court
The highest court in Mongolia is the Supreme Court of Mongolia (), established in 1927. There are chambers for civil, criminal and administrative cases. The court hears general appeals from courts of lower instance as well as from the Constitutional Court in matters regarding the protection of law and human rights.
Additional legislation and bodies
Procedure
The courts' procedure is governed by the Law on civil procedure, the Criminal procedure law, the Law on the execution of court decisions, and the Law on administrative procedure.
Court administration
The Judicial General Council of Mongolia () is to maintain the independence of the judiciary. The status of judges is determined by a separate law. The number of judges for each court is set by parliament.
Alternative dispute resolution
For commercial disputes there is among others the Mongolian International and National Arbitration Center (MINAC; ), established in 1960 at the Mongolian National Chamber of Commerce and Industry (MNCCI). The Law on mediation and conciliation provides for further forms of alternative dispute resolution.
Constitutional court
Mongolia's highest court in constitutional matters is the Constitutional Court of Mongolia (). It was established in 1992 and has its own procedural law.
References
Royal Air Force North Witham or more simply RAF North Witham is a former Royal Air Force station located in Twyford Wood, off the A1 between Stamford and Grantham, Lincolnshire, England about north-northwest of London.
The site opened in 1943 during the Second World War and used both the Royal Air Force and United States Army Air Forces, initially as transport airfield then for miscellaneous uses, before closing in 1956. Today the remains of the airfield are mostly woodland maintained by the Forestry Commission with the old concrete runways still accessible.
History
USAAF use
North Witham was known as USAAF Station AAF-479 for security reasons by the USAAF during the war, and by which it was referred to instead of location. Its USAAF Station Code was "NW".
1st Tactical Air Depot
North Witham was allocated to the USAAF Troop Carrier Command in August 1943. Its immediate task was to distribute transport aircraft and the means of maintaining them to operational groups of the USAAF. USAAF Douglas C-47 Skytrain maintenance repair activities continued at North Witham until May 1945, albeit on a reducing scale.
RAF Maintenance Command use
On 1 June 1945 the station was handed over to No. 40 Group, RAF Maintenance Command.
Current use
The site was originally partially wooded and some of this remained to the northeast of the runways throughout the military period, but after closure the Forestry Commission planted most of the airfield with oak (Quercus robur) and conifers. Part of it is now a reserve for butterflies and the concrete is slowly being broken up and removed. Ghostly outlines of large numbers of loop dispersal hardstands can be seen in aerial photography, with the perimeter track being reduced to a single lane road. The runway pattern can clearly be seen, some still remaining at full width, other parts being now at half width or less. All of the remaining runway sections are in a very deteriorated condition.
However, the southern end of the airfield is now something of an industrial estate. In 1957 Conder Seeds Limited (a subsidiary of Twyford Seeds Limited, the Adderbury-based seed specialists) was located on the site and after the closure of Conder Seeds Limited in 1969, Humber Warehousing/Humber Mc Veigh occupied the Conder Seeds Site. The industrial estate has developed considerably with large numbers of grain silos, belonging to Openfield Agriculture Ltd, and highway trailers being parked. In addition, on the part of the site formerly occupied by Conder Seeds Limited/Humber Warehousing/Humber McVeigh there appears to be a very large graveyard of ex Ministry of Defence (MoD) equipment (now operated by Witham Specialist Vehicles Limited who dispose of surplus UK MoD equipment), where C-47s and Waco CG-4 Gliders once were parked prior to the invasion of Continental Europe.
The airfield's proximity to a junction of the A1 road means that development is pressing against the wood from the north-west. Nonetheless, the derelict control tower remains and on a warm summer's day, on the runway, in the quiet of the trees, it is a very atmospheric place.
See also
List of former Royal Air Force stations
82d Airborne Division
(US 508th Parachute Infantry Regiment) also flew from RAF Folkingham.
101st Airborne Division
References
Citations
Bibliography
Bruce Barrymore Halpenny Actions Stations 2 (1991) .
Forestry Commission website, Twyford Wood wildlife
Freeman, Roger A. (1994) UK Airfields of the Ninth: Then and Now 1994. After the Battle
Chorlton, Martyn O (2003) Paths in the Wood: A Complete History of RAF North Witham. Old Forge Publishing .
Maurer, Maurer (1983). Air Force Combat Units Of World War II. Maxwell AFB, Alabama: Office of Air Force History. .
External links
Modern pictures
Military units and formations established in 1943
Royal Air Force stations in Lincolnshire
Airfields of the IX Troop Carrier Command in the United Kingdom
Royal Air Force stations of World War II in the United Kingdom
Nikita Vlasenko (; born 20 March 2001) is a footballer who plays as a defender for the Croatian club Rijeka. Born in Ukraine, he is a youth international for Switzerland.
Career
Club career
In 2019, he signed for Italian Serie A side Juventus. In 2020, Vlasenko was sent on loan to Sion in Switzerland. In 2021, he was sent on loan to Dutch second division club Excelsior. On 20 August 2021, he debuted for Excelsior during a 1-1 draw with FC Volendam.
On 18 July 2022, Vlasenko signed with Rijeka in Croatia.
International career
Vlasenko is eligible to represent Ukraine internationally, having been born there.
References
External links
2001 births
Footballers from Donetsk
Association football defenders
Swiss people of Ukrainian descent
Swiss footballers
Living people
Juventus F.C. players
FC Sion players
Excelsior Rotterdam players
HNK Rijeka players
Eerste Divisie players
Swiss expatriate footballers
Swiss expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Swiss expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Swiss expatriate sportspeople in Croatia
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Expatriate footballers in Croatia
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1505.
Events
Unknown date
Thomas Murner is "crowned" Poet Laureate to Maximilian I, Holy Roman Emperor.
Giovanni Battista Ramusio becomes secretary to Alvise (or Aloisio) Mocenigo, member of the patrician Mocenigo family.
New books
Prose
Georges Chastellain (died 1475) –
Stephen Hawes – The Temple of Glass
Lodovico Lazzarelli (died 1500) – Crater Hermetis
Pierre Le Baud (died September 29) – Cronique des roys et princes de Bretaigne armoricane (completed)
Primer of Claude of France
Poetry
Pietro Bembo – Gli Asolani
Jean Lemaire de Belges – Epîtres de l'amant vert
Births
February 4 – Mikołaj Rej, Polish poet, politician and musician (died 1569)
Unknown date – Margaret Roper, English writer and translator, daughter of Thomas More (died 1544)
Approximate year
Nicholas Bourbon, French court preceptor and poet (died 1550)
Lodovico Castelvetro, Italian literary critic (died 1571)
John Wedderburn, Scottish religious reformer and poet (died 1556)
Hugh Weston, English churchman and academic (died 1556)
Georg Wickram, German poet and novelist (died before 1562)
Wu Cheng'en, Chinese novelist and poet (died c. 1580)
Deaths
August 30 – Tito Vespasiano Strozzi, Italian Latin-language poet (born c. 1424)
September 29 – Pierre Le Baud, French historian (born c.1450)
October 4 (buried) – Robert Wydow, English poet, church musician and cleric (born 1446)
Unknown date
Adam of Fulda, German musical writer (born c. 1445)
Al-Suyuti, Egyptian religious scholar, juristic expert, teacher and Islamic theologian (born c. 1445)
Veit Arnpeck, Bavarian historian (born 1440)
References
1505
1505 books
Years of the 16th century in literature
Jason Dolph Thompson (born July 6, 1954) is a former Major League Baseball first baseman, and the current owner and operator of Jason Thompson Baseball, which offers baseball instruction in Auburn Hills, Michigan. He threw and batted left-handed.
Detroit Tigers
Thompson was drafted by the Los Angeles Dodgers in the fifteenth round of the 1972 Major League Baseball draft, but chose instead to play ball at Cal-State Northridge. He was then selected in the fourth round of the 1975 Major League Baseball draft by the Detroit Tigers.
In his first professional season, , he batted .324 with 10 home runs and 38 runs batted in for the Southern League's Montgomery Rebels. With regular first baseman Dan Meyer batting .192 with only two RBIs, the Tigers gave the job to Thompson early into the season. He responded by going four-for-five in his third game as a major leaguer.
Despite batting just .218, Thompson led the Tigers with 17 home runs and was third on the club with 54 RBIs. He also earned a reputation as one of the top fielding first basemen in the American League. Following the season, he was named to the Topps Rookie All-Star team.
In , Thompson was batting .276 with 12 home runs and 65 RBIs at the All-Star break to gain selection to the AL squad, but he did not appear in the game. He was named to the All-Star team again a year later, and flew out to George Foster in his only at-bat.
In 1979, in a nationally televised NBC game on June 16, Thompson hit two home runs in the game, a 4–2 loss. Thompson initially hit a foul ball over the roof in foul territory in right field completely out of Tiger Stadium off California Angels' right-hander Dave Frost who later gave up both home runs. Thompson also hit several other home runs over the right field roof of Tiger stadium during his time in Detroit. In four plus seasons with the Tigers, Thompson batted .256 with 98 home runs and 354 RBIs.
California Angels
After getting off to a slow start in , Thompson was traded from the Tigers to the Angels for Al Cowens on May 27. The Angels had a shortage of power hitters due to injuries to Don Baylor and Brian Downing at the time. Thompson assumed first base duties upon his acquisition by the Angels with Hall of Famer Rod Carew shifting to designated hitter, however, they traded positions by the end of the season. Thompson batted over .300 for the Angels, but was traded to the Pittsburgh Pirates during spring training the following season for Mickey Mahler and Ed Ott.
Trade to the Yankees
Immediately after acquiring Thompson, the Pirates dealt him to the New York Yankees for Jim Spencer and minor league pitchers Greg Cochran and Fred Tolliver, however, commissioner Bowie Kuhn voided the deal. The Yankees were to pay Spencer's salary according to the original deal; which put the transaction over the $400,000 limit the commissioner had established for any transaction.
Pittsburgh Pirates
Now part of a team he was never intended to be part of, Thompson got off to a slow start with the Pirates, batting .171 with seven home runs and seventeen RBIs in the first half of the strike shortened season. His hitting improved substantially in the second half of the 1981 season, as he batted .321 with eight home runs and 25 RBIs.
Thompson continued his hot hitting into , hitting thirteen home runs and batting .354 through the month of May to earn the third All-Star nod of his career. For the season, Thompson batted .284 with 31 home runs and 101 RBIs. He became the third player in Pirates history to reach the 100-RBI, 100-walk plateau, finishing fifth in the National League in OPS with a .902 mark.
On June 26, , Thompson hit four home runs in a doubleheader against the Chicago Cubs at Wrigley Field, tying Ralph Kiner's 37-year franchise record for most home runs in a doubleheader.
Thompson remained with the Pirates through , batting .259 with 93 home runs and 354 RBIs in his five seasons with the club. During Spring training , he was dealt to the Montreal Expos for two minor leaguers. He lost his starting job to rookie Andrés Galarraga shortly into the season, and was released on June 30. Thompson was unable to continue his career due to knee injuries.
Career stats
While with the Tigers, Thompson earned the nickname "Roof Top" from his ability to hit balls onto the Tiger Stadium right field roof. On two occasions he powered the ball over the roof and completely out of the stadium. A steady first baseman, he also led each league in total chances in 1977 and .
References
External links
1954 births
Living people
American expatriate baseball players in Canada
American League All-Stars
Baseball players from California
Cal State Northridge Matadors baseball players
California Angels players
Detroit Tigers players
Evansville Triplets players
Major League Baseball first basemen
Montgomery Rebels players
Montreal Expos players
National League All-Stars
People from Hollywood, Los Angeles
Pittsburgh Pirates players
The Odeon of Domitian was an ancient Roman building on the Campus Martius in Rome, used for plays and musical competitions and with room for an audience of 11,000. Begun by Domitian in imitation of Greek odeons (neighbouring his stadium to its south), it was completed or restored in 106 by Apollodorus of Damascus. The outline of its cavea is still preserved by the façade of the Palazzo Massimo alle Colonne, but the only actual remains are a cipoline monolithic column (possibly part of the stage) just in front of the Palazzo's rear façade.
Sources
Suetonius, Life of Domitian, 5
Platner & Ashby, Topographical Dictionary of Ancient Rome, article "Odeum"
Plan de Rome
The Architecture of Rome by Stefan Grundmann
William Smith, A Dictionary of Greek and Roman Antiquities, London, 1875
Domitian
Buildings and structures completed in the 2nd century
Domitian
The Roman Catholic Church in Chad is composed of 1 ecclesiastical province with 6 suffragan dioceses.
List of Dioceses
Episcopal Conference of Chad
Ecclesiastical Province of N'Djamena
Archdiocese of N'Djamena
Diocese of Doba
Diocese of Goré
Diocese of Lai
Diocese of Moundou
Diocese of Pala
Diocese of Sarh
Immediately subject to the Holy See
Apostolic Vicariate of Mongo
External links
Catholic-Hierarchy entry.
GCatholic.org.
Chad
Catholic dioceses
Diplomatic relations exist between the Republic of Austria and the United Mexican States. Both nations are members of the OECD and the United Nations.
History
In July 1842, the Austrian Empire and Mexico established diplomatic relations after signing a treaty of Friendship, Navigation and Commerce between the two nations. In December 1861, Emperor Napoleon III of France invaded Mexico. After successfully taking over the country, Emperor Napoleon III, along with the Mexican aristocracy, offered the crown of Mexico to his Austrian cousin, Maximilian of Habsburg. In April 1864, Maximilian, along with his wife Carlota set sail for Mexico and upon arrival to the country in May 1864, Maximilian was declared Emperor of Mexico. This period was known as the Second Mexican Empire.
The reign of Emperor Maximilian was engulfed in constant conflict between his French backed government and the government in exile of Benito Juárez. In 1866, France withdrew its army from Mexico and in June 1867, Emperor Maximilian was captured by Juárez forces in Querétaro City and executed along with two of his generals, thus ending the empire. After the execution of Maximilian, diplomatic relations between Austria and Mexico were severed until 1901.
In 1938, Mexico became the only country to protest against the Anschluss of Austria at the League of Nations. During World War II, Austria was part of the German Reich and in May 1942 Mexico declared war on Germany after the destruction of two Mexican oil tankers in the Gulf of Mexico by German U-boats. After the war, normal relations were restored between the two nations.
Over the years, diplomatic relations between the two nations have strengthened. In 2005, President Heinz Fischer became the first Austrian head of state to pay a visit to Mexico. In 2006, former President Vicente Fox reciprocated the visit by paying a state visit to Austria. In 2011, the Colegio Austriaco Mexicano opened in Querétaro City.
Over the years, there has been much discussion between the two nations over whether Austria should return to Mexico the Moctezuma's headdress and various other pre-Hispanic artifacts that were removed from Mexico in 1519 were taken to Austria where they are on display at the Museum of Ethnology in Vienna. In July 2014, it was declared that the headdress was too fragile to travel and therefore cannot be returned to Mexico. In 2018, Austria acknowledged and thanked Mexico on the 80th anniversary of Mexico's protest against the Anschluss.
High-level visits
High-level visits from Austria to Mexico
Foreign Minister Willibald Pahr (1981)
Chancellor Wolfgang Schüssel (2004)
President Heinz Fischer (2005)
High-level visits from Mexico to Austria
President Vicente Fox (2006)
Foreign Minister Luis Ernesto Derbez (2006)
Foreign Minister Patricia Espinosa Cantellano (2007, 2010, 2012)
Foreign Undersecretary Carlos de Icaza González (2016)
Bilateral agreements
Both nations have signed several bilateral agreements such as an Agreement on Cultural Exchanges (1974); Agreement on Air Transportation (1995); Agreement on the Promotion and Protection of Investments (1998) and an Agreement on the Avoidance of Double-Taxation and Tax Evasion (2004).
Trade relations
In 1997, Mexico and the European Union (which includes Austria) signed a free trade agreement. In 2018, two-way trade between both nations amounted to US$2.1 billion. Austria is Mexico's 34th biggest foreign direct investor. Between 1999 - 2016, Austrian companies invested over US$284 million in Mexico. Austria's main exports to Mexico include: pharmaceutical products, steel, aluminum and paper. Mexico's main exports to Austria include: machinery, electronics, car parts and beer. Mexican multinational companies América Móvil and Nemak operate in Austria.
Resident diplomatic missions
Austria has an embassy in Mexico City.
Mexico has an embassy in Vienna.
See also
Foreign relations of Austria
Foreign relations of Mexico
Austrian Mexicans
French intervention in Mexico
Mexikoplatz
Mexico–EU relations
References
Mexico
Bilateral relations of Mexico
Neotanaidae is a family of crustaceans belonging to the order Tanaidacea.
Genera:
Carololangia Gardiner, 1975
Harpotanais Wolff, 1956
Herpotanais Wolff, 1956
Neotanais Beddard, 1886
Venusticrus Gardiner, 1975
References
Tanaidacea
Crustacean families
Kerner Optical was an American practical visual effects company based in San Rafael, California.
Originally the practical effects division of Industrial Light & Magic (ILM), it was spun off as an autonomous company in 2006. After five years of operating independently, Kerner declared bankruptcy and ceased operations in 2011.
History
Kerner's history dates to George Lucas's founding of Industrial Light and Magic. In the late 1970s, ILM moved to facilities in San Rafael, California, on Kerner Boulevard; the sign outside the building identified it as the Kerner Company. The company hid in plain sight and was known to locals, industry insiders, clients and suppliers as Kerner. George Lucas explained that the name Kerner was a "deception designed to keep kids from rummaging through garbage bins".
In 2006, the practical effects department was, like Pixar in 1986, spun off from Industrial Light & Magic. When George Lucas moved the computer graphics team to the Presidio of San Francisco in 2006, he sold five physical effects divisions of ILM in a management-led buyout that resulted in the creation of a new company that took on the name Kerner Optical as a tribute to the long history shared with ILM. Kerner continued to operate in the same property, in San Rafael, from which they had operated for over 30 years and the original "Kerner Co." sign is still displayed in front of the building.
In the three years since leaving the Lucasfilm family, Kerner continued to provide practical special effects to major film productions.
In addition to films, Kerner was selected in 2007 to build a three-dimensional scale model of the Disneyland Park in Anaheim, California for the Walt Disney Family Museum. Named the "Disneyland of Walt's Imagination," the model is displayed at Gallery 9 of the museum, which is located in the Presidio, not far from the extant ILM headquarters.
Kerner also continued several years of significant research and development in the areas of 3D camera rigs and consumer products. Kerner's creature shop manufactured lifelike, servo-controlled dummies with simulated injuries used for training military medics.
In August 2009, entrepreneur Eric Edmeades acquired a controlling interest in the business and became CEO of the group. In February 2011, Kerner filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in San Francisco. Despite record profitability during reorganization, investor and previous owner Kevin Duncan of Duncan Oil appealed to the courts to have Eric Edmeades replaced by a trustee, alleging mismanagement. Duncan was also an owner and member of the management team for each of the first three loss-making years during which the company incurred millions of dollars in debt. Duncan's petition forced the company to turn away at least two ILM contracts and ultimately, despite Edmeades having enough creditor votes to approve his reorganization plan, led to the closure of the company seven months after the original Chapter 11 filing. After refiling their bankruptcy under Chapter 7, the court ordered liquidation of their assets.
Milestones
As Kerner Optical
2006: Kerner's solutions shop, Kernerworks, developed specialized hidden cameras designed to look like rocks to help capture the footage for The Cove.
2009: Kerner completes a 2-year project to build a detailed model, the centerpiece of the Disney Museum, that shows Disney the way Walt Disney saw it.
2009: Kerner and Emily Carr University of Art and Design established a stereoscopic Center of Excellence for the development of education and training for stereopgraphers.
2010:Kerner Group under new CEO Edmeades plans restructuring to aim 3D production
2011: Filed for Chapter 11 Bankruptcy
2011: Closed business.
2011, October 21–27: Court-Ordered Liquidation Auctioning of equipment
Selected filmography (as Kerner Optical)
Kerner Optical worked on Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen, providing miniatures and pyrotechnics for the aircraft carrier crash, the bridge destruction, and various building collapse sequences, among others.
Kerner Optical worked on Terminator Salvation, providing miniatures and pyrotechnics for the Very Large Array, the dilapidated building collapse, various aircraft explosions, and Serena's Tower, among others.
Kerner Optical also worked on the J. J. Abrams film Star Trek and the Ashton Kutcher film Killers.
Trivia
Adam Savage, Grant Imahara and Tory Belleci of Mythbusters fame all worked for Industrial Light & Magic at Kerner's facility in San Rafael.
References
External links
"Tales from the Tank", video of Kerner Optical people at work on Pirates of the Caribbean.
2006 establishments in California
2011 disestablishments in California
Companies based in San Rafael, California
Companies that have filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy
Companies that filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 2011
Entertainment companies established in 2006
Entertainment companies disestablished in 2011
Lucasfilm
Special effects companies
Visual effects companies
de:Kerner
fr:Kerner
Sibley-Ocheyedan Community School District (SOCSD) is a rural public school district headquartered in Sibley, Iowa. The district, entirely in Osceola County, serves Sibley and Ocheyedan.
The district formed on July 1, 1985, as a merger of the Sibley and Ocheyedan school districts.
Schools
All schools are in Sibley.
Sibley-Ocheyedan High School (grades 7–12) - it had about 40 employees and 350 students.
Sibley-Ocheyedan Middle School (grades 5–8)
Sibley-Ocheyedan Elementary School (K-4)
It previously operated two separate elementary schools: Ben Franklin Elementary School and Ocheyedan Elementary School. The district closed the latter school in 2009. A reduction in the number of students was the reason for the closure. By 2014, the district was trying to find another use for the building.
Sibley-Ocheyedan High School
Athletics
The Generals are members of the Siouxland Conference, and participate in the following sports:
Football
1978 Class 2A State Champions
Cross Country
Girls' 1997 Class 2A State Champions
Volleyball
Basketball
Girls' 2-time State Champions (1986, 1996)
Wrestling
Golf
Boys' 3-time State Champions (1977, 1978, 2013)
Girls' 2-time Class 1A State Champions (1984, 1985)
Track and Field
Baseball
Softball
See also
List of school districts in Iowa
List of high schools in Iowa
References
External links
Sibley-Ocheyedan Community School District
School districts in Iowa
Public high schools in Iowa
Education in Osceola County, Iowa
1985 establishments in Iowa
School districts established in 1985
Olha Kondrashova () is a Ukrainian competitor in synchronized swimming.
She is multiple European championships medalist.
References
Ukrainian synchronized swimming national team won qualification for Olympics
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Ukrainian synchronized swimmers
European Aquatics Championships medalists in synchronised swimming
In fortification, coffer a hollow lodgment, against a dry moat, the upper part being made of pieces of timber raised about two feet above the level of the moat. This elevation has hurdles filled with earth which serves as a parapet with embrasures. The coffer is similar to the caponier. The difference is that the former may be made beyond the counterscarp, and the latter is always in the moat. Another difference is that the coffer takes the whole breadth of the moat while the caponier does not.
See also
Cofferdam
References
Fortification (architectural elements)
Princess Latifa may refer to:
Latifa Al Maktoum (disambiguation), the name of several members of the royal house of Dubai
Latifa bint Abdulaziz Al Saud, member of the House of Saud
See also
Queen Latifah (born 1970), American musician and actress
The First and Third Trinity Boat Club is the rowing club of Trinity College in Cambridge, England. The club formally came into existence in 1946 when the First Trinity Boat Club and the Third Trinity Boat Club merged, although the two clubs had been rowing together for several years before that date. The first boat club associated with Trinity was formed in 1825 and came to be known as First Trinity in 1833 when the Third Trinity Boat Club was formed (a Second Trinity Boat Club was formed in 1831 but did not have a continuous existence until 1840). Membership of Third Trinity was originally confined to Old Etonians and Old Westminsters. Members of Third Trinity were allowed also to be members of First or Second Trinity and often were.
The boat club also gives its name to Trinity College's May Ball, which is the oldest such event in Cambridge and originates from the club's celebrations after the victories in the May Bumps.
History and legend
In the nineteenth century the various Trinity boat clubs were very strong, often won events in Cambridge and at various regattas around the country, notably the Henley Royal Regatta, and regularly contributed rowers to the Cambridge boat for the Oxford and Cambridge Boat Race. In the 1849 Boat Race, all members of the crew were from Trinity, seven from Third Trinity and two, the cox included, from First Trinity. Boats from the three clubs could often be found at, or near, the top of the Bumps race and they sometimes combined their resources in races against the rest of the University.
In 1876 Second Trinity was disbanded due to having insufficient members. A legend claims that during the Bumps in that year, the rowers of Trinity's arch-rivals, St John's College, attached a sword to the bow of one of their boats, so that if they successfully bumped the boat in front (which turned out to be one of Second Trinity's), it would be holed and sink. The plan supposedly worked in that the Trinity boat did sink, but in the process the sword also hit and killed Second Trinity's cox, which of course was not intended. The legend claims that this is the reason why Second Trinity Boat Club was dissolved, and why St John's College is no longer allowed a boat club under its own name. There is no traced record of a crew from St John's attaching a sword to their bow and, while a St John's College Boat Club was disbanded in 1876, the original boat club at St John's was Lady Margaret Boat Club. A somewhat similar incident occurred in the 1888 Lent Bumps, 12 years after the dissolution of Second Trinity, after which bow balls became mandatory. In his History of the First Trinity Boat Club, Walter Rouse Ball observes: "The third day was the occasion of a sad tragedy. Clare bumped Queens', and drew into the bank by Grassy. Behind these boats was the Trinity Hall third boat. This, instead of rounding First Post Corner, ran, by some mishap, across the river, and the nose of the boat struck number 4 in the Clare boat just over his heart, killing him on the spot. The further races were at once stopped. Since this dreadful incident small india-rubber knobs have been fixed on the bows of all the racing boats". The more prosaic explanation for 2nd Trinity's demise is that membership was restricted to Theology scholars, who over time proved to be an unreliable source of oarsmen.
In the twentieth century the clubs remained competitive and continued to achieve success in various events. The Second World War forced the two clubs to combine resources, and after the war they formally merged in order to remain competitive with the now larger boat clubs of other colleges. In the same year First and Third won the Visitors' Challenge Cup at the Henley Royal Regatta, and the following year they won the Ladies' Challenge Plate. They won the Ladies Plate again in 1954 and in 1967, which was the last year that a college crew from either Cambridge or Oxford has won the event. The difference in the standard of rowing between Oxbridge colleges and non-University clubs changed greatly over the twentieth century, possibly due to standards at college clubs falling or to the quality of rowing in other clubs improving, but probably a combination of the two. For example, First and Third, like all other Oxbridge college crews, now have difficulty achieving a standard of rowing to qualify for events at the Henley Royal Regatta, let alone to win these events. In spite of this, rowing within Cambridge remains popular and the Bumps, the main inter-college event, see well over 1000 students competing, typically around 100 from Trinity.
First Trinity Boat Club
The Trinity Boat Club, the original rowing club of Trinity College, Cambridge, dates from 1825 and was usually called First Trinity Boat Club after 1833. It was open to all members of the College.
In 1946, the club amalgamated with the other remaining boat club of the College, Third Trinity Boat Club, to form First and Third Trinity Boat Club, and in this form continues to compete today.
The Club was very successful throughout its history, but especially in the 19th century. Its early history is well covered by Walter Rouse Ball's 1908 book, A History of The First Trinity Boat Club, which is available online in its entirety.
In 1839 First Trinity won the Grand Challenge Cup in the first Henley Royal Regatta (but not made "Royal" till 1851). The crew rowed in a boat named the Black Prince, the bow section of which is still owned by the First and Third Trinity Boat Club but which is on loan to the River and Rowing Museum in Henley. They defeated the other three entries, who were Wadham College, Oxford, Brasenose College, Oxford and the Oxford Etonian Club. First and Third Trinity Boat Club still names its higher quality men's eight-oared boats 'Black Prince'. As new boats are purchased, older boats are demoted to lower boat use and are referred to as 'Black Prince II', 'Black Prince III' and so on.
1st Trinity has won Olympic gold on two occasions. The coxless four of Charles Eley, James MacNabb, Robert Morrison and Terence Sanders won gold for Great Britain at the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris, with Canada gaining silver, and Switzerland the bronze. In the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam, 1st Trinity successfully defended the coxless fours title (Richard Beesly, Edward Bevan, John Lander, Michael Warriner), with the United States getting silver and Italy receiving bronze.
First Trinity was also very successful on its home water, the River Cam. Between 1827 and 1908 First Trinity was "Head" crew in the University of Cambridge's Bumps races 38 times, more than any other Club.
Second Trinity Boat Club
The Second Trinity Boat Club was a short-lived rowing club at Trinity College. Little is known about the club, as very few records survive from 2nd Trinity. The club was reserved for members of the clergy and theology students who were studying at Trinity, and, by 1876 the club folded due to a lack of members.
2nd Trinity competed in the early bumps races in Cambridge from 1829 until its demise in 1876, going Head of the River in 1835 and 1849.
The club was originally known as the Nautilus Club, changing its name to Second Trinity, Queen Bess to reflect the name of its boat, a common practice at the time. The name of the club continued as Queen Bess until 1838, when it ceased competing. The club reformed in 1840 as the 2nd Trinity Boat Club, but was often described as Reading Trinity and nicknamed the Hallelujahs, in reflection of its membership. By the mid-1860s, the club was in decline, and despite efforts by the First Trinity Boat Club in 1866 to limit their membership in order to boost that of 2nd Trinity, this failed to help, and the decline continued. 1st Trinity voted to remove their membership limit once again. By 1870, the club had abandoned its original entry requirements, and allowed new students who did not have a connection to theology courses, and this allowed the club to continue for a few years, even rising back up to 7th in the bumps races in 1873. Thereafter, numbers dwindled once again, and by the Easter term 1876, the club had dropped to last but one in the first division. At a meeting of all three Trinity clubs, the 2nd Trinity Boat Club was formally dissolved, with its members given an invitation to join First Trinity.
In 1894, a group of students had claimed to have re-founded 2nd Trinity, and raced in the bumps, but the new 2nd Trinity was not recognised by the Cambridge University Boat Club and did not race again.
One of 2nd Trinity's trophies, the Baines Cup, is used today as the main prize of the Second Trinity Challenge Sculls, a sculling race run by the current 1st and 3rd Trinity members.
An account of its history can be found at First and Third Trinity Boat Club.
Third Trinity Boat Club
The Third Trinity Boat Club was a rowing club which was only open to certain members of Trinity College, Cambridge. Members of Third Trinity had to have been to school at either Eton College or Westminster School. Due to a lack of members around the time of World War II, Third Trinity combined with the First Trinity Boat Club, to make up the current First and Third Trinity Boat Club which survives to this day.
Third Trinity rowed with black blades.
Results
Third Trinity competed in the early bumps races at Cambridge University and also in the Lent and May Bumps when they became separate events in 1887.
Third Trinity nearly always did better in the May Bumps than the Lent Bumps, achieving the headship of the May Bumps on nine occasions including holding it for six consecutive years between 1901 and 1906. When the club began rowing with First Trinity, the 1st VIII were in 9th position.
Third Trinity never went head of the Lent Bumps, but managed second place in 1902 and 1922 before plummeting into the mid 2nd division just before the merger.
Third Trinity still hold the record for the most wins in the Visitors' Challenge Cup at the Henley Royal Regatta, standing at 14, even though they have not entered since the merger over 70 years ago.
Merger with First Trinity
Third Trinity merged with First Trinity officially in 1946, but the two clubs had been rowing together in the bumps throughout the war period.
In 1946, the newly formed First and Third Trinity Boat Club entered the Henley Royal Regatta and won the Visitors' Challenge Cup with ease; they won the Ladies' Challenge Plate the following year.
Following the merger, the new club took the bumps positions of First Trinity's crews, since they were placed higher than those of Third Trinity, but the new club used Third Trinity's black blades for a number of years, before switching to the current blade colours of blue and gold.
Cultural references
The First Trinity Boat Club and Third Trinity Boat Club are mentioned in The Fall of Prince Florestan of Monaco by Himself, a fictitious work by Sir Charles Wentworth Dilke.
Honours
Henley Royal Regatta
See also
University rowing (UK)
Trinity College, Cambridge
References
CUCBC (various years) - Lent and May Bumps programmes.
First and Third Trinity Boat Club website
A History of the First Trinity Boat Club
Trinity College
Trinity College, Cambridge
Sport clubs established in 1946
Sports organizations established in 1825
Sport clubs established in the 1820s
Rowing clubs in Cambridgeshire
Rowing clubs in England
Rowing clubs of the River Cam
Alan Wesley Abbott (15 November 1926 – 28 November 2008) was an English first-class cricketer. He was born in Sutton-in-the-Elms, Leicestershire. He came to limited attention with some useful performances for the County XI during the makeshift fixture list of 1945, scoring 83 against the RAF Regiment. He played one first-class match for Leicestershire in 1946, failing to distinguish himself with either bat or ball in an eight wicket defeat against Kent at the Nevill Ground, Tunbridge Wells.
References
Wisden 1946
1926 births
2008 deaths
Place of death missing
Leicestershire cricketers
English cricketers
Ephraim Potter (1855–1925) was an American architect from Glens Falls, New York.
A number of his works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Works include (with attribution):
Ephraim B. Potter House, Glens Falls, Warren County, New York. Built c. 1900. (Potter, Ephraim B.), NRHP-listed
Bemis Eye Sanitarium Complex, Glen St. Glens Falls, NY (Potter, Ephraim B.), NRHP-listed
Thomas Burnham House, 195 Ridge St. Glens Falls, NY (Potter, Ephraim B.), NRHP-listed
W.T. Cowles House, 43-47 William St. Glens Falls, NY (Potter, Ephraim B.), NRHP-listed
The former Glens Fall High School, 421-433 Glen St. Glens Falls, NY (Potter, Ephraim B.), NRHP-listed
John E. Parry House, 146 Warren St. Glens Falls, NY (Potter, Ephraim B.), NRHP-listed
Peyser and Morrison Shirt Company Building, 211-217 Warren St. Glens Falls, NY (Potter, Ephraim B.), NRHP-listed
Martin L. C. Wilmarth House, 528 Glen St. Glens Falls, NY (Potter, Ephraim B.), NRHP-listed
Helen Wing House, 126 Warren St. Glens Falls, NY (Potter, Ephraim B.), NRHP-listed
The Shirt Factory, corner of Lawrence and Cooper Streets, Glens Falls, NY
References
1855 births
1925 deaths
American architects
People from Warren County, New York
Otto Hofbauer (born 4 January 1932) is an Austrian footballer. He played in two matches for the Austria national football team in 1955.
References
External links
1932 births
Living people
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Association footballers not categorized by position
Chemence (Inc., Ltd., Medical, Graphics) is a speciality chemical and medical device manufacturer which products include cyanoacrylate adhesives, anaerobic adhesives, impregnation sealants, adhesive activators, epoxy resins, UV adhesives, photopolymer resins, custom printer ink cartridges, Gas pipe sealants, and soak off nail polishes. Chemence is a supplier of photopolymer and commercial printers to the flexographic industry in the US and Europe, as well as the primary sealant supplier to British Gas, and a primary supplier of private-label adhesives to companies including Tesco, 3M, Bostik, and Bondo. The company's catalogue of patents includes processes, packaging devices, and chemical combinations.
History
Chemence was founded in London, England, in 1983 by Hugh V. Cooke. The company originally traded under the name Lockshield Ltd., which in 1985 was changed to Chemence Ltd. The firm initially specialised in manufacturing industrial adhesives and sealants, developing a method for sealing cast iron gas joints for British Gas using anaerobic sealants under 'live' conditions. This allowed further development of a range of anaerobic sealants for a number of industrial practices.
In 1986, Chemence Ltd. acquired the assets of Alembic Chemicals, a cyanoacrylate manufacturer in Dublin, Ireland. In 1988, the facility was moved to Corby (England), expanding product development and manufacturing to encompass anaerobic thread lockers (thread-locking fluid), retaining compounds, gasket makers and pipe sealants, UV curing products, and cyanoacrylate adhesives for consumer and industrial markets. Chemence Ltd. also manufactured a range of private label consumer adhesives for companies including Bostik, ASDA, TESCO, and B&Q.
In 1989, the company opened a distribution office in Cleveland, Ohio, under the name Chemence Inc. In 1993, Chemence Inc. relocated to Alpharetta, Georgia, and became the only manufacturer of cyanoacrylates adhesives and sealants in the US Subsequently, Cordis (medical) commissioned Chemence Inc. to develop a liquid embolic used for the treatment of AVM (arteriovenous malformations). This led to the founding of Chemence Medical Inc. in 1994. Chemence Medical Inc. specialised in cyanoacrylate (CA)-based medical devices. Its first product for Cordis (medical) was TruFill liquid embolic. In 1994, the company developed and patented a variant of superglue used to repair inoperable aneurysms in the brain. Subsequently, Chemence Medical became a retailer of dental, topical tissue, and veterinary adhesives to medical device companies in the US
In 2000, Chemence Inc. and Chemence Ltd. began manufacturing photopolymer and resins, supplying to international corrugated, printing, and packing industries. In 2001, Chemence Medical developed a consumer liquid bandage for 3M, marketed under the Nexcare brand. In 2005, Chemence Medical began manufacturing its own line of FDA-registered medical device products including Liquid Skin skin protectant, Derma+Flex liquid bandage, Derma+Flex gel tissue adhesive (CE marked), Salon Safe liquid bandage, Sure Close wound closure kit, Derma+flex QS gel tissue adhesive, Gluture veterinary glue, Exofin tissue adhesive, Exofin micro and Exofin Fusion skin closure system.
In 2007, the company negotiated the sale of the intellectual property rights for the RITE-LOK range of industrial adhesives and sealants to 3M. In 2011, 3M rebranded the RITE-LOK product range to Scotch-Weld. In 2012, Chemence Ltd. re-launched their own range of industrial adhesives and sealants under the Krylex brand name. In 2014, the Flexographic Division of Chemence Inc. developed the Genesys Platemaking System, a process in liquid platemaking that allowed faster and more cost-efficient manufacturing. In the same year, Chemence acquired a number of printing and platemaking companies in Great Britain and Spain to form Chemence Graphics, which became one of the largest printing service providers in Europe.
In 2015, Chemence Graphics created a proprietary plate for Smurfit Kappa, and expanded platemaking facilities to France and Germany. Also in 2015, the company began manufacturing Krylex, its own formulation based on RITE-LOK, which was purchased by 3M. In 2016, DVGW (Deutsche Vereinigung des Gas und Wasserfaches) accredited Chemence Ltd. for its anaerobic gas pipe sealant Krylex KS775. The DVGW accreditation approved the use of Chemence product Krylex KS775 for municipalities providing gas and water services across Europe.
Companies and Products
References
External links
Chemence.com
3M
Conglomerate companies of the United States
Multinational companies headquartered in the United States
British brands
1983 establishments in the United States
Companies established in 1983
Novogusevo () is a rural locality (a village) in Starokuruchevsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 4 as of 2010. There is 1 street.
Geography
Novogusevo is located 30 km southeast of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Starogusevo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
"Dreadnought" is the 33rd episode of Star Trek: Voyager, the 17th episode in the second season. The USS Voyager encounters a Cardassian weapon that is en route to destroy an innocent civilization in the Delta Qudarant due to sabotage by Voyager's Chief Engineer B'Elanna during her time as a member of the Maquis. The episode aired on UPN on February 12, 1996.
Overview
This episode is directed by Levar Burton and written by Garry Holland. Guest stars include Raphael Sbarge, Nancy Hower, Michael Spound, and Dan Kern. Actress Majel Barret is the voice of the computer, with a co-star credit.
Plot
B'Elanna's past catches up to her when Voyager encounters a Cardassian missile speeding through space in the Delta Quadrant.
Years ago, when she and Chakotay were members of the Maquis fighting the Cardassians, the Maquis got hold of a Cardassian missile and on her own initiative she reprogrammed it to strike Cardassian territory. The weapon, Dreadnought, was launched and never heard from again; it was thought to be destroyed. Voyager chances upon it here on the other side of the galaxy, and it is headed directly for a populated planet called Rakosa V. It must be stopped; millions of lives are at stake.
B'Elanna is struck with horror at the thought of her deception wiping out a civilization and she vows to stop Dreadnought at any cost. Meanwhile, the disgruntled Maquis Michael Jonas betrays Voyager′s crew by informing the Kazon of the situation. B'Elanna beams onto Dreadnought′s control deck to try to shut it down. This is a tough task, since she had originally armed the missile with a sophisticated battery of countermeasures to make it invincible. The missile's AI accuses B'Elanna of tampering with Dreadnought and working for the Cardassians. Dreadnought then lies to B'Elanna and she returns to the ship. She realizes she must find a loophole in her own plans in order to persuade the missile that it should stand down from its plan of attack. She engages in a match of wits against herself (Dreadnought was reprogrammed to speak with B'Elanna's voice, reflecting just some of the alterations B'Elanna herself had made to its programming) to stop the threat before it is too late. Captain Janeway is willing to destroy Voyager to save the millions of people on the planet. At the last minute B'Elanna cuts through Dreadnought's power core with a phaser and Voyager beams her out, banking away from the planet as the missile explodes.
Reception
In 2020, SyFy Wire ranked this episode the 13th best episode of Star Trek: Voyager. They commend the television episode as a "compelling and tense hour", remarking that it has "some of the most harrowing scenes in all Trek history."
In 2021, Tor.com gave in 9 out 10, remarking "Dawson's dual performance as Torres and the Dreadnought computer is simply amazing".
See also
Warhead (Star Trek: Voyager)
References
External links
Star Trek: Voyager (season 2) episodes
1996 American television episodes
Television episodes directed by LeVar Burton
The New York Giants season was the franchise's 89th season in the National Football League (NFL), the fourth playing their home games at MetLife Stadium and the tenth under head coach Tom Coughlin.
The Giants attempted to attain a playoff berth after failing to do so in 2012, and be the first team to play the Super Bowl on their own home field, which they share with the New York Jets.
However, they failed to improve on their 9–7 record and were eliminated from playoff contention after their Week 14 loss to the Chargers. The Giants started 0-6, but rallied to win 7 of their last 10, finishing 7-9. This was the Giants' first losing season since 2004.
The Giants became the first team in NFL history to have a five-year era in which they won the Super Bowl in the third year of the era but missed the playoffs in all other years. Five other teams had similar situations where their lone playoff appearances in any five-year stretch were Super Bowl victories; however four of these were won on their fifth year of that stretch:
New York Jets from 1964 to 1968
Washington Redskins from 1978 to 1982
St. Louis Rams from 1995 to 1999
Baltimore Ravens from 1996 to 2000
The San Francisco 49ers won their Super Bowl on their fourth year of their stretch from 1978 to 1982.
2013 draft class
Notes
The Giants traded their fourth-round selection (No. 116 overall) and sixth-round selection (No. 187 overall) to the Arizona Cardinals in exchange for the Cardinals' fourth-round selection (No. 110 overall).
Staff
Final roster
Schedule
Preseason
Regular season
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.
Game summaries
Week 1: at Dallas Cowboys
With the loss, the Giants start their season at 0–1. It was their first loss ever in AT&T Stadium since it opened in 2009.
Week 2: vs. Denver Broncos
With the loss, the Giants fell to 0–2. Eli Manning became 0–3 opposed to his brother Peyton. This would be the last time the Manning brothers played against each other in the NFL, with Peyton retiring following the 2015 season.
Week 3: at Carolina Panthers
With the shutout loss, the Giants fell to their first 0–3 start since 1996.
Week 4: at Kansas City Chiefs
With the loss, the Giants fell to their first 0–4 start since 1987 – which coincidentally also followed a Super Bowl victory.
Week 5: vs. Philadelphia Eagles
With the loss, the Giants fell to 0–5, their worst start since the strike-shortened 1987 season and their 1979 season.
Week 6: at Chicago Bears
The Giants fell to the Chicago Bears 27–21, and were 0–6 for the first time since 1976.
Week 7: vs. Minnesota Vikings
This game would give the Giants their first win of the season, and would also mark the only time Josh Freeman would start for the Vikings after transferring from the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
Week 8: at Philadelphia Eagles
Despite failing to reach the end zone and surrendering a late defensive score, the Giants held off the Eagles for their first road win of the season, ending an eight-game road losing streak. With the win, New York improved to 2–6 on the season. As of the 2021 season, this is the Giants' most recent road win over the Eagles.
Week 10: vs. Oakland Raiders
This game would snap a 5-game losing streak for Giants against AFC teams. They improved to 3–6.
Week 11: vs. Green Bay Packers
With the win, the Giants improved to 4-6. The game was originally scheduled for Sunday Night Football but was flexed to 4:25.
Week 12: vs. Dallas Cowboys
Week 13: at Washington Redskins
Week 14: at San Diego Chargers
With the loss, the Giants fell to 5–8, and were mathematically eliminated from playoff contention for the second straight season, thus rendering them unable to play Super Bowl XLVIII on their home turf.
Week 15: vs. Seattle Seahawks
Eli Manning threw a career high five interceptions during this game. This would be the second season in a row where the Giants were shutout by the top NFC seed in Week 15.
Week 16: at Detroit Lions
With the win, the Giants placed the Lions out of post-season contention.
Week 17: vs. Washington Redskins
The Giants finished 7–3 following their 0–6 start, and finished 7–9 overall in 2013.
Standings
Division
Conference
References
New York Giants
New York Giants seasons
New York Giants season
21st century in East Rutherford, New Jersey
Meadowland Sports Complex
Antoine Vérard (active 1485–1512) was a late 15th-century and early 16th-century French publisher, bookmaker and bookseller.
Life
The colophon of a 1485 edition of the Catholicon abbreviatum, the first French-Latin dictionary, which dates to 1485, indicates that Antoine Vérard was based at the heart of the bookselling and printing quarter of Paris, in a shop under the sign of St John the Evangelist, on the Pont Notre-Dame (a bridge built by Charles VI of France, which collapsed in 1499).This present vocabulary was completed the .iiii. day of February 1485 for anthoine verard bookseller at the image of St John the Evangelist on the pont nostre dame or at the palace before the chapel where they sing the mass of "messeigneurs les presidens".
Vérard was the turning point between illuminated manuscripts and the modern printed edition. He combined the two techniques by printing works illustrated with woodcuts, cheaper, of which he then produced versions on vellum with hand-made illuminations for wealthy clients. He also produced printed works that almost resembled precious hand-produced manuscripts. Many printers worked for him, on vellum and paper. Ornaments and woodcut-plates were rented out and reused by different publishers. Vérard's printer's mark is recognisable for its two eagles on a starred base, supporting a red heart bearing the three letters AVR.
Vérard worked for a leisured bourgeois and noble public, notably king Charles VIII of France and even Henry VII of England. He did not hesitate to offer luscious examples of his work to the king of France, such as a Légende dorée, by Jacobus de Voragine, published in 1493 and offered to Charles VIII and his wife Anne de Bretagne. He did not hesitate to pirate his fellow printers works he saw good work that could sell. He thus took into his business one of the era's great publishing successes, the Calendriers des bergers, originally published by Guy Marchant.
His catalogue was highly varied and included more than 100 different works. He published many books of hours and didactic works, such as Le Jeu des échecs moralisés by the Dominican Jacobus de Cessolis (incunable of 1504), but also poems (François Villon), dramatic works and chivalric romances. He published an edition of the Roman de la rose around 1505, along with one of the Cent nouvelles nouvelles.
With a modern spirit of enterprise, around 1503 Vérard set out to conquer the English bookselling market with an English translation of the Calendrier des bergers (The Kalendar of Shyppars) and of L'Art de bien vivre et de bien mourir (1493), (the Art of Good Lywyng) and of the Chasteau de Labour (Castle of Labour), a 1499 poem by Pierre Gringore. He also published many books of hours for use with the Sarum Rite for the English market. He stopped publishing in about 1512 but his date of death is unknown.
Selected works published by Vérard
1486 : Les Cent Nouvelles nouvelles, Bibliothèque Nationale de France, (Rés. Y².174, fol. Q 1v);
1488 : Le Livre des trois vertus, Christine de Pisan, Antoine Vérard in 1488;
1488 : Chevalier délibéré Olivier de la Marche;
1488 : Aristote, Ethiques, Politiques and Yconomique, texts translated into French by Nicole Oresme;
1490 : Les apologues et fables de Laurens Valle, tra[n]slatees de latin en francois. [Paris, Antoine Vérard, ca. 1490]. [36] leaves. woodcuts: illus. 28.5 cm. (fol.) From the Rare Book and Special Collections Division at the Library of Congress;
1491 : Mystère de la vengeance The first printed edition was published by Antoine Vérard (Bibliothèque Nationale, Paris, Réserve Yf 72. in 1491; it consisted of 22000 verses, divided into three days. It was called an "édition revue et augmentée" of the Mystère de Mercadé;
1493 : Les Grandes Chroniques de France, on vellum for subsequent illumination
1493 : Lart de bien viure et de bien mourir, etcetera. Paris [Antoine Vérard] for André Bocard, 12 Feb. 1453 [i.e. 1493/94]. From the Rare Book and Special Collections Division at the Library of Congress
1496 : La Légende dorée; Jacobus de Voragine
1498 : De la généalogie des dieux [98] BN J 845;
1498 : Les regnars traversants les périlleuses voyes des folles fiances du monde, tableau en prose et en vers des abus et des fourberies dont les hommes se rendent coupables. Exhortacion où par les premières lettres des lignes, trouverez le nom de lacteur de ce présent livre et le lieu de sa nativité. Iehan Boucher Natif de Poictiers [117], Paris, Antoine Vérard, Masson in 4° 626, Catalogue BM;
1485 : Catholicon abbreviatum, the first French-Latin dictionary; <blockquote>Ce present vocabulaire fut acheve le .iiii. jour de fevrier Mil quatrecens quatrevingtz et cinq pour anthoine verard libraire demourant a l'ymaige saint jehan l'evangeliste. sur le pont nostre dame. ou au palais devant la chapelle ou l'en chante la messe de messeigneurs les presidens.</blockquote>
1492 : Lamentations de Matheolus (republication of a very popular misogynist work, notably cited in Le Livre des trois vertus by Christine de Pisan;
1498 : (?) Bible historiale complétée ( text by Pierre Comestor and Guiart );
1500 : Les regnars... Exhortacion où par les premières lettres des lignes, trouverez le nom de lacteur de ce present livre et le lieu de sa nativité, par « Iehan Boucher Natif de Poictiers », BN Rés Yh 7, BM;
1502 Le Jardin de plaisance et fleur de rhétorique;
Notes
Bibliography
Renouard, Philippe (1965) Répertoire des imprimeurs parisiens, libraires, fondeurs de caractères, et correcteurs d'imprimerie depuis l'introduction de l'imprimerie à Paris (1470) jusqu'à la fin du seizième siècle. Paris: Minard
Winn, Mary Beth (1997) Antoine Verard, Parisian Publisher, 1485-1512''. Genève: Droz
External links
Antoine Vérard's stamp (Image)
1485 births
1512 deaths
French publishers (people)
French printers
Manuscript illuminators
John Stout Snook (December 18, 1862 – September 19, 1952) was an American lawyer, jurist, and politician who served as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1901 to 1905, and again from 1917 to 1919.
Biography
Born near Antwerp, Ohio, Snook was graduated from the Antwerp grade schools in 1881. He attended the Ohio Wesleyan University, Delaware, Ohio, and graduated from the Cincinnati Law School in May 1887. Snook was admitted to the bar the same year and began practice in Antwerp, Ohio, then moved to Paulding, Ohio, in 1890.
Congress
Snook was elected as a Democrat to the Fifty-seventh and Fifty-eighth Congresses (March 4, 1901 – March 3, 1905). He was not a candidate for renomination in 1904, but resumed the practice of law in Paulding. Snook was later a delegate to the Democratic National Conventions in 1912 and 1932, and served as judge of the court of common pleas from 1913 to 1915.
In 1917, Snook was elected to the Sixty-fifth Congress (March 4, 1917 – March 3, 1919), but was not reelected in 1918.
Later career and death
He returned to practicing law. Snook again served as judge of the court of common pleas from 1930 to 1938, after which he retired. He died in Paulding, Ohio on September 19, 1952, and was interred in Live Oak Cemetery.
References
Source
External links
1862 births
1952 deaths
Ohio state court judges
People from Paulding County, Ohio
Ohio lawyers
University of Cincinnati College of Law alumni
Ohio Wesleyan University alumni
People from Paulding, Ohio
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Carlo Raspagni (Vignate, 14 October 1925 – Vignate , 30 August 1999) was an Italian luthier.
Biography
Raspagni began working as a luthier at the end of the Second World War in his uncle's workshop, Erminio Travi. He later travelled to Milan to learn instrument building techniques. He was hired by the Monzino industry and began to work on assembly lines, developing as a luthier. In 1960, after ten years of working in Milan, he set up his own shop.
Raspagni became close friends with renowned luthiers of the time, including Giulietti, Naldi and his teacher Gallinotti.
Giorgio Gaber played Raspagni guitars designed especially for him. Luigi Tenco has also played a guitar built by Raspagni for his entire career.
Other artists that have commissioned guitars from him include Enzo Jannacci, Cochi e Renato, Adriano Celentano, Fabrizio De André, Lino Patruno, Caterina Valente, Tony Renis, Franco Mussida, and many others.
In 1984 he donated a guitar, built with a maple case and a spruce top, to Pope John Paul II.
With the assistance of the Milanese government and Vignate Municipality, Raspagni opened a luthier school where he taught his techniques on building acoustic and classical guitars.
References
1925 births
1999 deaths
Italian luthiers
Vance C. Smith (born February 27, 1952) is an American politician and businessman from Georgia. Smith is a Republican member of Georgia House of Representatives representing the 133rd district since 2019.
Education
In 1974, Smith earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Economics from Columbus State University.
Career
Smith is the founder and CEO of Vance Smith Contracting and Consulting. Prior to that, Smith acted as President and CEO of Vance Smith Construction Company which was founded in 1974.
From 2009-2011, Smith served as the commissioner of the Georgia Department of Transportation. Prior to his election as representative for the 133rd district, Smith had represented Harris, Muscogee, and Troup counties in the Georgia House of Representatives.
On November 6, 2018, Smith won the election unopposed and became a Republican member of Georgia House of Representatives for District 133. On November 3, 2020, as an incumbent, Smith won the election unopposed and continued serving District 133.
Smith was appointed to the House Majority Deputy Whip Team for the 2019-2020 legislative term in 2019. Smith is the Vice Chairman of the Natural Resources & Environment committee and serves on the Economic Development & Tourism, Transportation, and Ways & Means committees as a member.
Personal life
Smith's wife is Michele Smith. They have three children. Smith and his family live in Pine Mountain, Georgia.
References
External links
Vance Smith Jr. at ourcampaigns.com
21st-century American politicians
Businesspeople from Georgia (U.S. state)
Living people
Members of the Georgia House of Representatives
Georgia (U.S. state) Republicans
1952 births
Meganeura is a genus of extinct insects from the Late Carboniferous (approximately 300 million years ago). They resembled and are related to the present-day dragonflies and damselflies, and were predatory, with their diet mainly consisting of other insects. The genus belongs to the Meganeuridae, a family including other similarly giant dragonfly-like insects ranging from the Late Carboniferous to Middle Permian. With a wingspan ranging from to over , M. monyi is one of the largest-known flying insect species.
Fossils of Meganeura were first discovered in Late Carboniferous (Stephanian) Coal Measures of Commentry, France in 1880. In 1885, French paleontologist Charles Brongniart described and named the fossil "Meganeura" (large-nerved), which refers to the network of veins on the insect's wings. Another fine fossil specimen was found in 1979 at Bolsover in Derbyshire. The holotype is housed in the National Museum of Natural History, in Paris. Despite being the iconic "giant dragonfly", fossils of Meganeura are poorly preserved in comparison to other meganeurids.
Lifestyle
Research on close relatives Meganeurula and Meganeurites suggest that Meganeura was adapted to open habitats, and similar in behaviour to extant hawkers. The eyes of Meganeura were likely enlarged relative to body size. Meganeura has spines on the tibia and tarsi sections of the legs, which would have functioned as a "flying trap" to capture prey. An engineering examination estimated that the mass of the largest specimens with wingspans over 70 cm to be 100 to 150 grams. The analysis also suggested that Meganeura would be susceptible to overheating.
Size
There has been some controversy as to how insects of the Carboniferous period were able to grow so large.
Oxygen levels and atmospheric density. The way oxygen is diffused through the insect's body via its tracheal breathing system puts an upper limit on body size, which prehistoric insects seem to have well exceeded. It was originally proposed by that Meganeura was able to fly only because the atmosphere of Earth at that time contained more oxygen than the present 20 percent. This hypothesis was initially dismissed by fellow scientists, but has found approval more recently through further study into the relationship between gigantism and oxygen availability. If this hypothesis is correct, these insects would have been susceptible to falling oxygen levels and certainly could not survive in our modern atmosphere. Other research indicates that insects really do breathe, with "rapid cycles of tracheal compression and expansion". Recent analysis of the flight energetics of modern insects and birds suggests that both the oxygen levels and air density provide an upper bound on size. The presence of very large Meganeuridae with wing spans rivaling those of Meganeura during the Permian, when the oxygen content of the atmosphere was already much lower than in the Carboniferous, presented a problem to the oxygen-related explanations in the case of the giant dragonflies. However, despite the fact that Meganeurids had the largest-known wingspans, their bodies were not very heavy, being less massive than those of several living Coleoptera; therefore, they were not true giant insects, only being giant in comparison with their living relatives.
Lack of predators. Other explanations for the large size of Meganeurids compared to living relatives are warranted. suggested that the lack of aerial vertebrate predators allowed pterygote insects to evolve to maximum sizes during the Carboniferous and Permian periods, perhaps accelerated by an evolutionary "arms race" for increase in body size between plant-feeding Palaeodictyoptera and Meganisoptera as their predators.
Aquatic larvae stadium. Another theory suggests that insects that developed in water before becoming terrestrial as adults grew bigger as a way to protect themselves against the high levels of oxygen.
See also
References
Bibliography
External links
Picture of life sized model of Meganeura monyi made for Denver Museum of Natural History.
Meganisoptera
Pennsylvanian insects
Gzhelian life
Carboniferous animals of North America
Paleozoic insects of North America
Prehistoric insects of North America
Fossil taxa described in 1885
Taxa named by Charles Jules Edmée Brongniart
it:Meganeura
Glyphipterix chalcodaedala is a species of sedge moth in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Alfred Jefferis Turner in 1913. It is found in Australia, including Queensland.
References
Moths described in 1913
Glyphipterigidae
Moths of Australia
The Mbarara Northern Bypass Road is a road that bypasses the northern part of Mbarara City.
Location
The road is located in Mbarara City, in the Western Region of Uganda. It starts from Makenke in Kakiika Division, across from the Coca-Cola plant, then it continues northwards to Rwebishuri before reaching Nkokonjeru. The road will then pass through a valley next to Ruharo hill. After crossing River Rwizi, the bypass ends at Katatumba Resort along Kabale road. The road covers about in length. The geographical coordinates of the bypass road are 0°34'53.0"S, 30°39'30.0"E (Latitude:-0.581389; Longitude:30.658333).
Overview
The road was developed and constructed to decongest the central business district of Mbarara City, by providing an alternative route for large cargo trucks destined for Tanzania, Rwanda, Burundi, or the Democratic Republic of the Congo. The construction of this road was launched by President Yoweri Museveni on 1 March 2015. Original commissioning of the completed road was planned for April 2017, but additional work of , required a contract extension.
Construction costs
The road was expected to cost about €170 million (US$210 million), of which the European Union was expected to lend about €122 million (US$144 million), with the Uganda government funding the remaining amount €45 million (US$55 million). In March 2015, the China Railway Seventh Group began construction. During the budget speech for the financial year 2018/2019, read on 14 June 2018, Matia Kasaija, the Uganda Minister of Finance, Planning and Economic Development announced that the road had been completed.
See also
Uganda National Roads Authority
List of roads in Uganda
References
Mbarara
Mbarara District
Roads in Uganda
Transport infrastructure completed in 2018
2018 establishments in Uganda
Köditz is a municipality in Upper Franconia in the district of Hof in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Hof (district)
The 1902 Latrobe Athletic Association season was their eighth season in existence. It was a low profile season for Latrobe. The team played in only 4 games this season and finished 2-0-2.
Schedule
Game notes
References
Latrobe Athletic Association
Latrobe Athletic Association seasons
Kenvil is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) located within Roxbury Township, in Morris County, New Jersey, United States, that had been part of the Succasunna-Kenvil CDP as part of the 2000 United States Census, at which time the population of the combined was 12,569. For the 2010 Census, the area was split into two CDPs, Succasunna (with a 2010 Census population of 9,152) and Kenvil (3,009 as of 2010).
History
The Kenvil section of Roxbury Township was originally called McCainsville.
Kenvil was home to the second dynamite plant in the US, established in 1872 by the Atlantic Giant Powder Company. After acquisition of the plant by the Hercules Powder Company in 1913, it also manufactured smokeless powder. The company experienced several major explosions, killing six people in 1934, 51 people in 1940, and shattering windows across town in 1989.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP had a total area of 1.581 square miles (4.095 km2), including 1.330 square miles (3.444 km2) of land and 0.251 square miles (0.651 km2) of water (15.89%).
Demographics
Census 2010
Transportation
U.S. Route 46 and Route 10 pass through the area. The Dover and Rockaway River Railroad runs rail freight service through the area 2-5 times per week on the Chester Branch, High Bridge Branch and Dover & Rockaway Branch.
References
External links
Kenvil NJ Hercules Explosion of 1940
Kenvil NJ 07847
Census-designated places in Morris County, New Jersey
Roxbury Township, New Jersey
CSB Bank Limited (erstwhile Catholic Syrian Bank Limited) is an Indian private sector bank with its headquarters at Thrissur, Kerala, India. The bank has a network of over 560 branches and more than 390 ATMs across India.
History
CSB was founded on 26 November 1920, and opened for business on 1 January 1921 with an authorized capital of ₹ 5 lakhs and a paid up capital of ₹ 45,270.
In 1969, it was included in the Second Schedule of Reserve Bank of India Act and the Bank became a Scheduled Bank. The bank achieved Scheduled Bank - A Class, status by 1975.
In Dec 2016, RBI allowed Fairfax Financial Holdings to acquire 51% of the bank and in Feb 2018, Fairfax India (via FIH Mauritius Investments Ltd) acquired 51% of the bank for Rs.1180 Crores.
The terms of investment include a mandatory 5-year lock-in period and 15-year time period to pare the stake in multiple tranches as per RBI's norms.
As of March 2019, the bank had significant presence in Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu, Kerala and Karnataka with a customer base of nearly 1.3 million people and it's credit portfolio focused on agriculture, MSMEs, education, and housing.
The bank went public on Dec 4, 2019 and the shares are listed in BSE and NSE.
Sponsorship
Kerala based I-League club Gokulam Kerala FC is being sponsored by CSB Bank.
See also
Banking in India
List of banks in India
Reserve Bank of India
Indian Financial System Code
List of the largest banks
List of companies of India
Make in India
References
External links
CSB Bank Official Website
CSB NetBanking
Banks established in 1920
Banks based in Thrissur
Private sector banks in India
Indian companies established in 1920
Companies listed on the National Stock Exchange of India
Companies listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange
These are the results of the men's singles competition in badminton at the 2011 Southeast Asian Games in Jakarta.
Medal winners
Draw
Top half
Bottom half
Finals
References
Results
Badminton at the 2011 Southeast Asian Games
This is a list of German television related events from 2016.
Events
25 February - The Voice of Germany season 5 winner Jamie-Lee Kriewitz is selected to represent Germany at the 2016 Eurovision Song Contest with her song "Ghost". She is selected to be the sixty-first German Eurovision entry during Unser Lied für Stockholm held at the Brainpool Studios in Cologne.
25 March - 13-year-old Lukas Janisch wins the fourth season of The Voice Kids.
7 May - Prince Damien Ritzinger wins the thirteenth season of Deutschland sucht den Superstar.
3 June - Austrian pop singer Victoria Swarovski and her partner Erich Klann win the ninth season of Let's Dance.
Debuts
International
7 August - The Cleveland Show (2009-2013) (Comedy Central)
American Forces Network
The Loud House (2016–present) (AFN Family)
Television shows
1950s
Tagesschau (1952–present)
1960s
heute (1963-present)
1970s
heute-journal (1978-present)
Tagesthemen (1978-present)
1980s
Lindenstraße (1985–present)
1990s
Gute Zeiten, schlechte Zeiten (1992–present)
Unter uns (1994-present)
Schloss Einstein (1998–present)
In aller Freundschaft (1998–present)
Wer wird Millionär? (1999-present)
2000s
Deutschland sucht den Superstar (2002–present)
Let's Dance (2006–present)
Das Supertalent (2007–present)
2010s
The Voice of Germany (2011-present)
Promi Big Brother (2013–present)
Ending this year
Births
Deaths
See also
2016 in Germany
Angrignon Park () is an urban park in the Le Sud-Ouest borough Montreal, Quebec, Canada. Angrignon Park has a total area of 97 hectares. It includes a 1.1km long lake. It is considered by the City of Montreal as one of its large parks.
The park is named for Jean-Baptiste Angrignon (1875–1948), an alderman in Côte Saint-Paul from 1921 to 1934. Before 1927, the area was named Crawford Park.
The park was inspired by the design of 19th-century English gardens. The park contains 20,000 trees, winding paths and a pond surrounded by cattails.
The park is located just south of Ville-Émard, east of Carrefour Angrignon, which is also named after Jean-Baptiste Angrignon, and west of Verdun.
The park was once home to a small farm.
Angrignon station – the western terminus of the Montreal metro Green Line – is at the northern corner of the park.
On December 7, 2020, the City of Montreal announced a plan to create a green corridor between the park and Bois-de-Saraguay Nature Park. The plans included a walking path, a bicycle link, and landscaping.
References
Tourist attractions in Montreal
Zoos in Quebec
Parks in Montreal
Le Sud-Ouest
Former zoos
The 1898 Latrobe Athletic Association season was their fourth season in existence. The team finished 7–3. This season, the team's colors changed from orange and maroon to red and blue.
Schedule
Game notes
References
Latrobe Athletic Association
Latrobe Athletic Association seasons
Roadside conservation is a conservation strategy in Australia and other countries where Road verge flora and habitats are protected or improved. The general aim is to conserve or increase the amount of native flora species; especially where that work will lead to higher conservation value, for example providing food or habitat for rare or endangered native fauna.
Issues
Potential benefits of roadside conservation strategies can include:
Maintenance of the biodiversity of the roadsides
Sustaining available corridors for fauna movement and habitat
Preserving remnants of native vegetation adjoining man-made environments
Problems with the maintaining of roadsides include:
Removal, cutting of native vegetation
Conflicts with road safety, such as foliage growth which restricts visibility for road users
Work-load due to the extent of roadsides (i.e. the great length)
Western Australia
Formal recognition of the importance of roadside reserves occurred in the 1960s when then-Premier of Western Australia, the Hon. David Brand, ensured all new roads in Western Australia would have road reserves at least 40 metres wider than that needed for transport purposes.
Notes
Urban studies and planning terminology
Hydrology and urban planning
Environmental design
Nature conservation in Australia
Christopher William Puller (1807–1864), from 1857 Christopher William Giles Puller, was an English barrister and politician.
Life
The son of Sir Christopher Puller and his wife Louise King, he was educated at Eton College and Christ Church, Oxford. A college friend of W. E. Gladstone, he graduated B.A. in 1828, and M.A. in 1832. He was called to the bar at Lincoln's Inn in 1832, and went into practice as a chancery barrister. He resided at Youngsbury.
At the 1857 general election, Puller became Member of Parliament for ; and he was re-elected in 1859. He was a Liberal who took an interest in the church rate debates of 1858 to 1861. He was also regarded as an expert on the education issue.
Giles Puller was in 1858 a secretary of the India Missions Extension of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel; he had been on the Standing Committee of the Society from 1850. He died on 16 February 1864 at Youngsbury. His replacement as Member of Parliament was Henry Surtees.
Legacy
A memorial window was created in St Mary's Church, Standon, Hertfordshire. The High Cross Puller Memorial primary school was built by the family to his memory.
Family
Puller married Emily Blake, daughter of William Blake, on 2 July 1831. They had five sons and four daughters. Their children included:
Arthur Giles (born 1833), the eldest son.
Charles (born 1834), the second son, who was a Fellow of Trinity College, Cambridge, and vicar of Standon, Hertfordshire.
Christopher Cholmeley (1839–1902), Treasury clerk.
Frederick William (1842–1938), fourth son, a clergyman who joined the Society of St John the Evangelist.
Mary Caroline, who married John Garnier (1838–1929), son of Thomas Garnier.
Alice Henrietta, the youngest daughter, married in 1882 Claude Cecil Thornton as his second wife; he was vicar of High Cross, Hertfordshire from 1881 to 1892.
Notes
1807 births
1864 deaths
People educated at Eton College
Alumni of Christ Church, Oxford
English barristers
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Hertfordshire
Liberal Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
UK MPs 1857–1859
UK MPs 1859–1865
Whig (British political party) MPs for English constituencies
Anthony James Pulis (born 21 July 1984) is a Welsh football coach and former player who is currently the head coach of Miami FC in the USL Championship.
A journeyman for much of his career Pulis represented Portsmouth, Stoke City, Torquay United, Plymouth Argyle, Grimsby Town, Bristol Rovers, Southampton, Lincoln City, Stockport County, Barnet and Aldershot Town during 10 years spent playing in England before moving abroad and establishing himself in the USL Pro with Orlando City. He made four appearances for the Wales under-21 team, but did not represent his country at senior level.
Club career
Portsmouth
Bristol-born Pulis began his career as a trainee with Portsmouth whilst his father Tony managed the club, turning professional in July 2003. Despite his father's sacking after only 10 months in charge, Anthony stayed at Fratton Park, hoping to break into the club's first team. He made just one first team appearance for Pompey, as a substitute in the 2–0 League Cup win away to Cardiff City on 9 November 2004.
Stoke City
In December 2004, after failing to make an impact on the Portsmouth first team, Anthony Pulis and teammate Lewis Buxton each signed two and a half-year contract with the elder Pulis' side, Stoke City.
Almost immediately after his arrival at Stoke, Anthony joined Torquay United on loan, making his league debut as a first-half substitute for Alex Russell as Torquay lost 2–1 at home to Stockport County on 1 January 2005. However his appearances were limited and his loan spell was cut short.
Pulis once again found his first team opportunities scarce after his father was dismissed and replaced by Johan Boskamp prior to the 2005–06 season. In February 2006, he joined Doncaster Rovers on trial, however no permanent deal materialised and he returned to Stoke. Towards the end of the 2005–06 season he was loaned to Plymouth Argyle, linking up with his father for the third time in his career.
After his loan spell, Pulis returned to the Britannia Stadium for the 2006–07 season, coinciding with his father's June 2006 managerial reappointment there. He moved, along with Martin Paterson, to Grimsby Town on loan on 23 November 2006. However, he made only nine appearances before his loan spell was cut short due to injury. In his second-last appearance, he was substituted at half-time as Grimsby suffered a 4–0 loss to Rochdale.
The 2007–08 season started brightly for Pulis. He gained his first assist for the club, as his corner set up a Jon Parkin header in a 3–2 defeat to Southampton, however injury problems kept him sidelined for several months thereafter. He was loaned out again, on this occasion to Bristol Rovers, however he made only one appearance for the club before his loan spell was curtailed due to another injury. In his only appearance for the club, a 14-minute cameo in a 2–0 defeat to Doncaster Rovers, Pulis conceded a penalty kick and was booked.
Southampton
In August 2008 Pulis moved to Southampton on a two-year contract a free transfer.
He joined League Two team Lincoln Cities on one-month loan in October 2009 making his debut on 10 October in a 1–0 away win against Macclesfield Town. Pulis became an instant first team regular at Lincoln but left the club when his loan contract expired on 7 January 2010. He had spent the previous six weeks on the injured list.
In October 2010, he joined Stockport County on loan for a month and made his debut for the club on 9 October 2010 in a match against Gillingham, a club his father managed, in which he scored a consolation goal for Stockport. This was his first competitive goal of his eight-year career. The loan was extended into a second and third month.
Pulis joined Barnet on loan in February 2011 but was sent off 29 minutes into his debut, a 3–0 defeat at home to Torquay United.
Anthony Pulis was released by Southampton on 21 May 2011, having never made a first-team appearance for the club.
Aldershot Town
At the start of August 2011, it was announced that Pulis had signed for League Two side Aldershot Town, on a one-year contract. He went on to make five leagues and two League Cup appearances for the club, of which he only started one game.
Orlando City
In January 2012 Pulis joined USL Pro side Orlando City, Stoke's American affiliate in the third tier of the American soccer pyramid. He scored his first goal for the Lions against the Richmond Kickers in a 2–0 win. In his three seasons at Orlando, the club won one USL Pro Championship and two Commissioner's Cups.
Pulis was a player-coach during his three years playing for Orlando and at the end of the 2014 season he announced his retirement from playing to move into coaching full-time.
Coaching career
Orlando City B
On 15 October 2015, Pulis was announced as the head-coach of USL League One club Orlando City B.
Saint Louis FC
On 20 November 2017, Pulis stepped down as the head coach of Orlando City B and signed as a head-coach with Saint Louis FC.
Inter Miami CF
On 1 March 2021, Inter Miami CF announced Pulis as an assistant coach.
Miami FC
On 29 November 2021, Pulis was announced as the new head coach of Miami FC.
Personal life
Pulis is a Catholic and regularly attends church. He is the son of Welsh football manager Tony Pulis and the nephew of former footballer Ray Pulis.
Career statistics
Sourced from Soccerbase.com
A. The "Other" column constitutes appearances and goals in the Football League Trophy.
References
External links
Anthony Pulis Interview
1984 births
Living people
Footballers from Bristol
Welsh Roman Catholics
Welsh footballers
Association football midfielders
Portsmouth F.C. players
Stoke City F.C. players
Torquay United F.C. players
Plymouth Argyle F.C. players
Grimsby Town F.C. players
Bristol Rovers F.C. players
Southampton F.C. players
Lincoln City F.C. players
Stockport County F.C. players
Barnet F.C. players
Aldershot Town F.C. players
Orlando City SC (2010–2014) players
English Football League players
USL Championship players
Wales under-21 international footballers
Welsh expatriate footballers
Welsh expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Orlando City SC non-playing staff
Welsh football managers
Orlando City B coaches
Saint Louis FC coaches
Miami FC coaches
USL Championship coaches
Welsh expatriate football managers
Expatriate soccer managers in the United States
Inter Miami CF non-playing staff
Association football coaches
Lars Enemark is a Danish wheelchair curler.
Teams
References
External links
Living people
Danish male curlers
Danish wheelchair curlers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Pipethiaden is a benzothiepin-based drug candidate that was at one time studied as a potential preventive to reduce the frequency of recurrent migraine headaches. It also has some activity as an antihistamine acting mainly at the 5-HT2A and 5HT2C receptors.
References
Abandoned drugs
5-HT2 antagonists
H1 receptor antagonists
Piperidines
Statistics of Bahraini Premier League for the 1993–94 season.
Overview
East Riffa Club won the championship.
References
RSSSF
Bahraini Premier League seasons
Bah
1993–94 in Bahraini football
Michael (or Mike) Lombardi may refer to:
Michael Lombardi (American football) (born 1959), American football executive and sports commentator
Michael Lombardi (entrepreneur) (born 1964), Canadian-born entrepreneur, investor, publisher and author
Mick Lombardi, American football coach
Michael Lombardi (actor) (born 1976), American actor
In aerospace, Assembly, Test, and Launch Operations (ATLO), also known as Mission System Integration and Test (MSIT) is the phase of a spacecraft project that comprises building the spacecraft, testing it, and getting it launched.
References
Aerospace engineering
CJ Verdell (born August 16, 1999) is an American football running back who is a free agent. He played college football at Oregon.
Early years
Verdell attended Mater Dei High School in Chula Vista, California. As a senior, he rushed for 2,399 yards on 262 carries with 36 touchdowns. He committed to the University of Oregon to play college football.
College career
Verdell redshirted his first year at Oregon in 2017.
As a Redshirt Freshman, Verdell ran the ball 202 times for 1,018 yards and 10 Touchdowns. He also caught 27 passes for 315 yards and 2 Touchdowns. He returned to Oregon as the starter in 2019 and ran 197 times for 1,220 yards and 8 Touchdowns while collecting 14 receptions for 125 yards. In the 2019 Pac-12 Football Championship Game, he rushed for 208 yards with three touchdowns and was named the game's MVP.
Professional career
Verdell signed with the Indianapolis Colts as an undrafted free agent on May 13, 2022. He was waived on August 23, 2022.
References
External links
Oregon Ducks bio
1999 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Chula Vista, California
Players of American football from California
American football running backs
Oregon Ducks football players
Indianapolis Colts players
Nikolai Aleksandrovich Menshutkin (; – ) was a Russian chemist who discovered the process of converting a tertiary amine to a quaternary ammonium salt via the reaction with an alkyl halide, now known as the Menshutkin reaction.
Biography
Menshutkin was born in a merchant family as the sixth son of Alexander Nikolaevitch Menshutkin. He graduated with honors from gymnasium in December 1857, but only by autumn 1858 managed to enroll to the Saint Petersburg State University, as he was still under the prescribed age of 16. He studied at the faculty of physics and mathematics and was nearly expelled in the autumn of 1861 due to some political disturbances. Nevertheless, by the spring of 1862 he attained the master's degree. During the last years he became interested in chemistry, which he studied under Dmitri Mendeleev. While he acquired a sufficient knowledge of theory he was lacking practice, as at that time the entire laboratory of the university consisted of only two small rooms. Therefore, he went abroad, and in the following three years spent two semesters with Adolph Strecker at the University of Tübingen, a year (1864–5) with Charles-Adolphe Wurtz at the University of Paris, and a semester with Adolph Wilhelm Hermann Kolbe at the University of Marburg.
In the meantime, many changes were introduced into the constitution of the Russian universities. In 1863 the universities obtained academic freedom, they chose for themselves the professors,
deans, and rectors, at the same time the means of teaching improved, and, owing to Mendeleev's efforts, the laboratory at St. Petersburg University was enlarged. In 1865 Menshutkin returned to St. Petersburg, just after his PhD thesis was published in the Comptes Rendus of the French Academy under the title “Action du chlorure d'acetyle sur l'acide phosphoreux”. He defended it in March 1866 against Aleksandr Butlerov and Dmitri Mendeleev and in autumn began teaching a course on organic nitrogen compounds. On 6 April 1869, he defended his habilitation on “The Synthesis and Properties of the Ureides” and shortly was appointed as professor of analytical chemistry. In connection with his teaching he proceeded to rearrange the course of instructions and in 1871 brought out his well-known textbook, which survived 16 editions up to 1931 and had been translated into German and English. In 1871, Menshutkin became secretary of the faculty of physics and mathematics and in 1879 was appointed as dean, an office which he held until 1887.
The assassination of the Emperor Alexander II in 1881 was followed by the adoption of severe measures, from the effects of which the universities suffered in many ways. The autonomy granted in 1863 was revoked and all officials could only be appointed by the Minister of Public Instruction; the admission of students was hindered by accepting them only from certain schools, the fees were raised and the number of professorships reduced. The discontent by professors and students resulted in disturbances in 1887-8, which were followed by the resignation of the rector and several key officials. As a result, Menshutkin had to add teaching of organic chemistry to his duties. About this time he prepared his large handbook of organic chemistry, which appeared in three successive editions, and in 1888 he published a history of the development of chemical theory. Both books were written in Russian and not translated. One of Menshutkin's most serious undertakings of the time was the building of the new chemical laboratories of the University. Only by 1890 money could be found for this purpose and in this year Mendeleev resigned his chair, leaving Menshutkin in the position of senior professor of the university. Menshutkin managed to build the laboratories by October 1894 and worked there for eight years.
In 1902 Menshutkin was transferred to the new Polytechnic Institute, about 6 km north of St. Petersburg, while retaining the professorship in the university. There he acted as professor of analytical and organic chemistry and dean of the mining division. From the establishment of the Russian Chemical Society in 1868, and until 1891, Menshutkin served as its secretary and became its president in 1906. As deputy of a province he was able to improve popular education and help establishing several new schools. At the end of 1905 he took an active part in the elections for the first Duma, and was one of the founders of the Party of Democratic Reform. Menshutkin had suffered for many years from disorder of the kidneys. He survived an attack at the end of 1906, but then suddenly died in February 1907.
Research
For his PhD thesis, Menshutkin studied the reactions of phosphonic acid and was able to prove that not all three hydrogen atoms in the molecule are equivalent and therefore the formula HP(O)(OH)2 is more likely than P(OH)3. In 1890 Menshutkin discovered that a tertiary amine can be converted into a quaternary ammonium salt by reaction with an alkyl halide.
Menshutkin further studied the influence of isomerism among alcohols and acids on esterification and showed that, both in respect of rate and limit, the primary, secondary, and tertiary alcohols differ from one another, and that unsaturated differ from saturated alcohols. The molecular weight of the alcohol concerned has also a considerable influence on the result, the limit rising generally with molecular weight, although the rate is diminished. The first series of experiments were made with acetic acid and alcohols and were extended to a variety of acids. Subsequently, the rate of chemical change was studied in the case of the formation of amides and anilides by the action of ammonia and aniline on acids by means of the same method as was employed in the esterification experiments. Here again the influence of isomeric differences was equally manifest. These researches led on to others, such as the study of the mutual displacement of bases in homogeneous systems, and the influence of temperature on the rate of several reactions.
Menshutkin further studied the effect of different solvents on the reaction rates. Although the solvent is unaltered after the reaction, its influence on the reaction rate was significant. The stabilization of the reactants, products and intermediate phases or transition states depended strongly on the polarity of the solvent, and therefore this polarity had a large influence on the reaction rate. Because of the formation of ionic products, the effect was especially strong in the Menshutkin reaction making it an ideal tool to study the effect of solvent on the reaction rate. The Menshutkin reaction is still used for this purpose.
Between 1889 and 1895 Menshutkin focused on amines, on the kinetics of their interaction
with alkyl halogen compounds and its dependence on the isomerism. Continuing these investigations down to the end of his life, he succeeded in establishing a large number of other relations between the structure or constitution and chemical activity, as well as physical properties, such as boiling point, melting point and specific gravity. He is regarded
as a pioneer in chemical kinetics, not for the priority, but for systematic development of this field.
References
1842 births
1907 deaths
Chemists of the Russian Empire
Russian inventors
Saint Petersburg State University alumni
Scientists from Saint Petersburg
George Zottman ( – July 27, 1942) was an American strongman from Philadelphia. He is the namesake of the Zottman Curl, which is a workout that targets both the biceps and forearms.
Life
Zottman was born circa 1867. Prior to becoming a professional strongman in the United States, George Zottman worked as a home-delivery milkman until the 19th century.
Zottman began his career as a performer at the dime museum. By the late 1890s, he was performing at the Girard Avenue Theatre. He was described as a "local Hercules" by The Times in 1896, and by The Philadelphia Inquirer as "a giant who is known as the "strong man"—a Sandow, who rides a wheel geared up to 200 or more" in 1899. In the late 1890s, Zottman was known by a lot of people to be The Strongest Man in the World, which is no doubt, considering the fact that his height was 5' 11" and he was weighing 218 pounds, his vast shoulder width of 24 inches, combined with his 19 inch biceps and 15-inch forearms.
Zottman eventually became the manager of the Girard Avenue Theatre, until he retired in 1932. He acquired five properties in Philadelphia. He maintained a residence at 1215 North Seventh Street in Philadelphia, and a summer home in Wildwood, New Jersey. By the time of his death, he was worth an estimated $20,000.
Zottman's wife Cecelia predeceased him, and he died on July 27, 1942 in Philadelphia. His estate was split between his friends, a Catholic church and an orphanage. The Zottman Curl was named for him. One of his many unique skills as a strongman to the Iron World is the Zottman Dumbbell Curl, which was named in his honor. He also set a lot of fitness records, some of which still have not been broken. For instance, he was the person that set the record of clean and-press with 175 pound heavy dumbbells while seated on a chair, a record no one else has ever broken since then.
References
External links
George Zottman on Find a Grave
Zottman Curl: Muscles Worked, Benefits, Types, and Mistakes
1860s births
1942 deaths
Sportspeople from Philadelphia
People from Wildwood, New Jersey
American strength athletes
The Marine Department originally called the Marine Office was created in 1755 as a result of the formation of the Corps of the Royal Marines and was a department within the Admiralty. The department was a civilian secretariat responsible for corresponding with the various Royal Marine Divisions. It existed until 1809 when its functions were merged into the Marine Pay Department. The department was administered by the First Secretary of the Marine who was supported by a deputy the Second Secretary of the Marine.
History
The Marine Department originally called the Marine Office was established in 1755 as a consequence of the creation of the Corps of the Royal Marines. under Admiralty control. The department was a civilian secretariat, whose role was to correspond and coordinate the administrative and logistical concerns of the three Marine divisions with the Admiralty that were located at Chatham, Plymouth, Portsmouth and Woolwich whose colonels were the most senior Marine officers. Subsequently, a Colonel-Commandant at Marine Headquarters in London was established as the senior officer of the Corps, the forerunner of the modern Adjutant-General of the Royal Marines. The department existed until 1809 when its functions were assumed by the Marine Pay Department.. The department was managed by the First Secretary to the Admiralty who was supported by the Second Secretary to the Admiralty who were both given the additional titles of Secretary then later First Secretary of the Marine; and Deputy Secretary later Second Secretary of the Marine.
Head of department
Secretary of the Marine
1755–1763: John Cleveland
First Secretary of the Marine
1763–1795: Philip Stephens
1795–1804: Sir Evan Nepean
1804–1807: William Marsden
1807–1809: William Wellesley Pole
Deputy Secretary of the Marine
1782–1783: John Ibbotson
Second Secretary of the Marine
1783–1796: John Ibbotson
1797–1804: William Marsden
1804: Benjamin Tucker
1804–1806: John Barrow
1806–1807: Benjamin Tucker
1807–1809: Sir John Barrow
Supporting clerical staff
First Clerk in the Marine Department
Included:
1755-1766, G. Fearne
1766-1782, G. Jackson
1782-1789, J. Madden
1789-1809, G. Coombe
Second Clerk in the Marine Department
Included:
1755-1760, J. Clevland
1760-1782, J. Madden
1782-1784, J. Bindley
1784-1789, G. Coombe
1789-1796, B. Maxwell
1796-1809, S.Moss
Third Clerk in the Marine Department
Included:
1778-1782, J. Bindley
1782-1809, G. Coombe
Extra Clerks in the Marine Department
Included:
1755-1760, B. Rogers
1755-1760, J. Madden
1760-1770, H. Parker
1770-1778, D. Forbes
1778-1809, G. Coombe
Citations
Sources
Archives, National (1688–1983). "Records of Royal Marines". nationalarchives.gov.uk. London, England: The National Archives.
Cock, Randolph; Rodger, N.A.M (September 2006). A guide to the naval records in the National Archives of the UK. London, England: University of London, Institute of Historical Research. .
'Marine department', in Office-Holders in Modern Britain: Volume 4, Admiralty Officials 1660-1870, ed. J C Sainty (London, 1975), pp. 82–84. British History Online http://www.british-history.ac.uk/office-holders/vol4/pp82-84 [accessed 3 January 2019].
Parliament, Great Britain. (1797) The Royal Kalendar and Court and City Register for England, Scotland, Ireland and the Colonies. W. March. London. England.
Parliament, Great Britain. (1805) The Royal Kalendar and Court and City Register for England, Scotland, Ireland and the Colonies. W. March. London. England.
Admiralty departments
Mishukovo () is a rural locality (a village) in Vozhbalskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 20 as of 2002.
Geography
Mishukovo is located 43 km west of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Pakhtusovo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Nebo - Peklo - Raj (which translates to Heaven - Hell - Paradise) is the fourth studio album by the Slovak rock band Tublatanka released in 1990 by Supraphon Records. It contains the hit singles Matka and Démon Pomsty. This was also their first album to contain songwriting input from another member of the band, whereas previous three albums were composed solely by Ďurinda.
Track listing
All lyrics by Martin Sarvaš except "Ilúzia" by Palo Horváth. Music as noted.
"Démon pomsty" (Ďurinda)
"Viem kam ísť" (Horváth)
"Smrť a sláva" (Ďurinda)
"Šlabikár IV" (Ďurinda)
"Matka" (Ďurinda)
"Nebezpečie života" (Ďurinda)
"Dám ti viac" (Horváth)
"Emigrantská pieseň" (Ďurinda)
"Ilúzia" (Horváth)
"Bol som dlho preč" (Horváth)
"Nebo peklo raj" (Ďurinda)
Credits
Band
Maťo Ďurinda - vocals (1, 4-6, 8, 11) lead, rhythm and acoustic guitar, piano
Palo Horváth - bass guitar, vocals (2, 3, 7, 9, 10)
Ďuro Černý - drums, percussion
Other
Andy Hryc - spoken word (1)
Tublatanka albums
1990 albums
BLK was a monthly American newsmagazine, similar in format to Time and The Advocate, which targeted its coverage of people, events and issues to African-American LGBT readers.
Published in Los Angeles, the magazine was initially distributed free to local black establishments frequented by lesbians and gay men, but distribution rapidly expanded to nearly all LGBT venues in Greater Los Angeles. Its early coverage of the local black LGBT scene soon enlarged to a nationwide and international focus, and eventually to national and Canadian distribution.
Sub-titled "The National Black Lesbian and Gay Newsmagazine", with the motto "where the news is colored on purpose", BLK (always capitalized) took its name from the standard abbreviation used in U.S. personal ads for "black", i.e. a person of sub-Saharan racial descent.
History
Alan Bell, an African-American graphic designer who had published Gaysweek for three years in New York City during the late 1970s, was urged to start a news periodical for black lesbians and gay men by black LGBT AIDS activists such as Phill Wilson. But at first he resisted renewing a commitment to professional publishing. Bell had, however, founded Black Jack, a black gay men's safer sex club, in Los Angeles. It was not long before the dearth of reliable information in print about African-American LGBTs and about the HIV crisis among them evoked his efforts to fill an unmet need. Eventually he concluded that the natural next step from the eight-page newsletter he found himself producing monthly for members of Black Jack was expansion, and BLK was born. Bell set out to establish BLK as a regular, predominantly hard news alternative to the infotainment-oriented publications that intermittently appeared in America's black gay communities.
Bell chose the magazine's name to adhere to a tradition among national African-American publications of employing racially indicative titles (e.g., Ebony, Jet, Onyx, Sepia). Initially pronounced as is the word "black", use of the initials in spoken English gradually became customary.
Beginning as a 16-page black-and-white newsprint throwaway in 1988, it had grown to 40 pages with glossy color covers, paid circulation, and national product advertising by the time it ceased publication in mid-1994.
Content and coverage
Although the first issue had a beefcake cover (a muscular black man clad only in the traditional Santa's hat and whiskers, shown with the magazine's coyly-placed logo), subsequent covers usually pictured a prominent African-American LGBT featured in the "BLK Interview" or photographically illustrated a theme of the month.
Among those interviewed were singer Patti LaBelle (August 1990); porn star Randy Cochran (March 1989); poet Audre Lorde (April 1989); Carl Bean, founder of the Minority AIDS Project and of the Unity Fellowship Church (July 1989), Black AIDS Institute founder Phill Wilson (October 1990); Amassi and BMX founder Cleo Manago (March 1990); documentary-maker Marlon Riggs (April 1990); and Marjorie Hill, CEO of Gay Men's Health Crisis (August 1990).
Complete list of cover stories
Sister publications
The company that published BLK also published several other titles directed to the black LGBT community including Blackfire, an erotic magazine for men; Black Lace, an erotic magazine for women; Kuumba, a co-sexual poetry journal; Black Dates, a calendar of events for Southern California and The BLK Guide to Southern California for Black People in the Life. In 1999, the company acquired Mentor, a gay non-black publication focusing on (legal, adult) intergenerational relationships. Blackfire and Kuumba remain in publication.
See also
African-American culture and sexual orientation
External links
Alan Bell Collection, African American Research Library and Cultural Center, Broward County Library
References
African-American magazines
LGBT-related magazines published in the United States
Monthly magazines published in the United States
News magazines published in the United States
Defunct magazines published in the United States
LGBT African-American culture
Magazines established in 1988
Magazines disestablished in 1994
Magazines published in Los Angeles
Free magazines
Moses ibn Gikatilla was a Jewish grammarian and Bible exegete of the late eleventh century.
Name
His full name was "Moses b. Samuel haKohen," but Abraham ibn Ezra generally called him "Rabbi Moses ha-Kohen." His surname, which appears as early as the tenth century in the writings of a pupil of Menahem ben Saruḳ, Isaac ibn Gikatilla was probably derived from the Spanish (Romance diminutive of the Latin "caecus," blind); its Arabic-Hebrew transcription, "Ibn Gikatilla," is the form usually adopted.
Biography
About Gikatilla's life little is known. His native place was Cordova, but he resided later at Saragossa, where he may have enjoyed personal intercourse with the eminent Hebrew grammarian, Abu al-Walid Merwan ibn Janah. He appears to have lived for some time also in southern France, and there, at the suggestion of Isaac b. Solomon, translated the writings of Ḥayyuj from Arabic into Hebrew. Judah ibn Balaam, his somewhat younger contemporary, says of him: "He was one of the foremost scholars and grammarians and one of the most noted writers, being distinguished for prose and poetry in both Hebrew and Arabic. Physical weakness alone detrimentally affected his position as one of the most eminent men of his time." Judah al-Ḥarizi ("Taḥkemoni," ch. 3) likewise praised his poems, of which, however, not one has been preserved. Gikatilla's importance is in the province of Hebrew grammar and Bible exegesis. Abraham ibn Daud the historian (twelfth century), places him alongside of Abu al-Walid as successor to Ḥayyuj in this province, and Abraham ibn Ezra terms him the "greatest grammarian."
Works
Gikatilla wrote a monograph on Hebrew grammar, which, however, has been lost; it was entitled Kitab al Tadhkir wal-Ta'nith (in Hebrew Sefer Zekarim u-Neḳebot, i.e., Book of Masculines and Feminines). He translated into Hebrew the two principal works of Ḥayyuj, the treatises on "Verbs Containing Weak Letters" and "Verbs Containing Double Letters" (edited from Bodleian MSS., with an English translation by John W. Nutt, 1870).
Numerous citations are found, especially in Abraham ibn Ezra, from Gikatilla's commentaries on Isaiah, the Minor Prophets and the Psalms. Gikatilla is the first Jewish exegete who gave a purely historical explanation of the prophetical chapters of Isaiah and of the utterances of the other prophets. He refers the prophecies in the first part of Isaiah to the time of King Hezekiah and to the Assyrian period, and those in the second part to the time of the Second Temple. According to him, Joel 3:1 does not refer to the Messianic time, but to the numerous prophets' disciples contemporary with Elijah and Elisha. He also assumes the existence of exilic psalms, recognizing as such Psalms 42, 137, and others, and considering the last two verses of Psalm 51 an addition made to a Psalm of David by a pious exile in Babylon. In the course of a disputation which he once held with Judah ibn Balaam concerning Joshua 10:12, Gikatilla rationalizes the so-called miracle of the sun and moon by maintaining that after sunset the reflection of the sun lingered so long that daylight remained while Joshua pursued the enemy; and Judah ibn Balaam remarks in his account of the disputation that this opinion was one of Gikatilla's many misleading and pernicious notions.
In addition to the commentaries above mentioned on the three books of the Bible (Isaiah, the Minor Prophets, and the Psalms), Gikatilla wrote a commentary on Job. In a manuscript at Oxford there exists a considerable portion of this commentary, its introduction and a large part of the Arabic translation of the text, to which the commentary is attached (Neubauer, "Cat. Bodl. Hebr. MSS." No. 125). He seems also to have written a commentary on the Pentateuch, from which Abraham ibn Ezra and Aaron ben Joseph (a Karaite author of the thirteenth century) quoted freely; a commentary to the earlier prophets, some points of which Judah ibn Balaam controverted; and perhaps also a commentary to the Song of Songs, which, as Joseph ibn 'Aḳnin says, Gikatilla explained according to the method of "peshaṭ," that is, in the simplest literal sense. The fragments of Gikatilla's writings, existing for the most part as quotations by Abraham ibn Ezra, were collected by Samuel Poznanski in his monograph, "Moses b. Samuel ha-Kohen ibn Chiquitilla, Nebst den Fragmenten Seiner Schriften," Leipsic, 1895.
References
Bacher, in Rev. Et. Juives, xxxi. 307–317.
11th-century Jews of Al-Andalus
Spanish rabbis
Sincere McCormick (born September 10, 2000) is an American football running back for the Las Vegas Raiders of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at UTSA.
College career
As a freshman in 2019, McCormick rushed for 983 yards and eight touchdowns on 177 carries, an average of 5.6 yards per carry. He was selected as the Conference USA Freshman of the Year.
As a sophomore in 2020, he rushed for 1,467 yards, second most among all Division I FBS players. He was selected as the Conference USA Offensive Player of the Year, a semifinalist for the Doak Walker Award, and a second-team All-American.
As a junior in 2021, he rushed for 1,479 yards, fifth best among all Division I FBS players. After carrying 42 times for 184 yards and three touchdowns against Memphis, he was named National Player of the Week. He also helped lead the 2021 UTSA Roadrunners football team to a 12–1 record. In the 2021 Conference USA Football Championship Game, McCormick was named the Most Valuable Player, after rushing for 204 yards and three touchdowns on 36 carries.
Professional career
Las Vegas Raiders
McCormick signed with the Las Vegas Raiders on May 4, 2022. He was placed on injured reserve on May 24, 2022.
References
External links
Las Vegas Raiders bio
UTSA Roadrunners bio
2000 births
Living people
Players of American football from Long Beach, California
American football running backs
UTSA Roadrunners football players
Las Vegas Raiders players
Bożena Kamińska (born 1965) is a Polish politician. She was elected to the Sejm in 2011 and 2015. She ran in 2019, but was not reelected.
References
1965 births
Living people
Members of the Polish Sejm 2011–2015
Members of the Polish Sejm 2015–2019
Mołożów-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Simon Deschamps (born 7 May 1962) is a Canadian water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1962 births
Living people
Canadian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Canada
Water polo players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Water polo players from Quebec City
Chameh Ben (; also known as Chaman Ben) is a village in Chelav Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 65, in 20 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Marylize Biubwa is a Kenyan intersectional feminist and activist. Biubwa's activism is based on social justice with emphasis on gender inequality, while her feminism is intersectional and directed towards human rights. She is black and a lesbian.
Early life
Biubwa grew up in Nairobi and Taita Taveta. She was one of six children, with three sisters and two brothers. Her mother was religious and she was kicked out of her siblings' house when she came out to her family in August 2018. She has been diagnosed with social anxiety.
Social activism
Biubwa became a full-time activist in 2015. She founded the Bi Kind Initiative in 2016, which mentors school-aged girls and organises drives to collect money and food for homeless women. She is a volunteer with ActionAid, the African Women's Development and Communication Network and Peace Ambassadors Kenya. She uses Twitter and other social media platforms to debunk myths about female sexuality and the LGBT community. She runs the research project Face on Project.
References
21st-century Kenyan women
LGBT in Africa
Living people
People from Nairobi
Year of birth missing (living people)
Connor (or Cornelius) Maguire, 2nd Baron of Enniskillen (Irish Conchobhar Mag Uidhir; 1616 – 1645) was an Irish nobleman from Ulster who took part in the Irish Rebellion of 1641. He was executed for high treason.
Background
He was born in County Fermanagh, the son of Sir Bryan Maguire who was created a peer on account of the family loyalty to the English crown. The family was granted land in their traditional power base of Fermanagh by James I, as part of the Ulster Plantation. His mother was an O'Neill, which brought a connection to the leading family of Ulster. He is said to have been partly educated at Magdalen College, Oxford, but did not matriculate in the university. His brother Rory Maguire married into a leading planter family, and sat for Fermanagh in the 1640 Parliament.
Politics
He succeeded to the peerage in 1634, and attended the parliament which met in Dublin on 10 March 1640. In Dublin during the session in February 1641, he was recruited by Rory O'More, who had conceived the plan of raising Catholic Ireland while the English government was busy with Scotland. Married to a lady of the Pale, Maguire was valued for his influence among her connections.
Rebellion
In August 1641 he first heard of the plan for seizing Dublin Castle; the chief hope of the conspirators rested on Colonel Owen Roe O'Neill, who served the king of Spain in the Low Countries. The rising was fixed for 23 October but Hugh Oge MacMahon disclosed the plot on the night of the 22nd. Roger More escaped, but Maguire was captured, with MacMahon and Colonel Reade (afterwards Sir John and gentleman of the bedchamber), who had served the king in Scotland. The two latter were racked, but Maguire admitted all the material facts without torture on 26 March 1642, and made a fuller voluntary statement some six months later.
Trial and execution
In June 1642 Maguire, MacMahon, and Reade were moved to the Tower of London, and eleven months later they were transferred to Newgate Prison as close prisoners. In October 1643 Reade escaped when Maguire and MacMahon were sent back to the Tower. In August 1644 both prisoners escaped, but were retaken within six weeks. After many delays Maguire was brought to trial in the king's bench before Justice Francis Bacon in February 1645. MacMahon had already been hanged.
The peerage in Maguire's case made a difficulty, he was a Peer of Ireland and requested a trial of his peers, he was refused this right by William Prynne Esq "nor indulge him any tryal here or there by his Peers of Ireland (at least of Irish blood) for so horrid a Treason as this" ruling that his decision did not impact future trails of "English Blood" in Ireland. Clearly making a decision based on ethnicity. There were precedents for trying in England treasons committed in Ireland; that being admitted as good law. The English deciding it was easy to show that an Irish peer was a commoner in England based on ethnicity. Maguire was tried. Many points of law were raised, but he was sentenced to be hanged, drawn, and quartered. He was a Catholic, but was not allowed a priest, and was executed at Tyburn.
Family
Maguire married Mary, daughter of Thomas Fleming of Castle Fleming, Queen's County, by whom he had a son. The chieftainship of Fermanagh during the civil war fell to his brother Rory, who was killed in the winter of 1648. Descendants direct or collateral were long called Barons of Enniskillen in the service of France or of James II. The last titular lord was a retired captain of Lally's regiment at the outbreak of the revolution in 1789.
Maguire's brother Rory became a Colonel in the Ulster Army of Confederate Ireland and served until his death in a skirmish in 1648.
Bibliography
Kearney, Hugh. Strafford in Ireland. Cambridge University Press, 1989,
Perceval-Maxwell, M. Outbreak of the Irish Rebellion of 1641. McGill-Queen's Press, 1994
Robertson, Barry. Royalists at War in Scotland and Ireland, 1638–1650. Ashgate Publishing, 2014.
References
Attribution
1616 births
1645 deaths
17th-century Irish people
People from County Fermanagh
Barons in the Peerage of Ireland
People of the Irish Confederate Wars
People executed at Tyburn
Irish Rebellion of 1641
Members of the Irish House of Lords
People executed by Stuart England by hanging, drawing and quartering
San Wai Tsai () is a village in Tuen Mun District, Hong Kong.
Administration
San Wai Tsai is one of the 36 villages represented within the Tuen Mun Rural Committee. For electoral purposes, San Wai Tsai is part of the San Hui constituency, which was formerly represented by Cheung Ho-sum until May 2021.
References
External links
Delineation of area of existing village San Wai Tsai (Tuen Mun) for election of resident representative (2019 to 2022)
Villages in Hong Kong
Tuen Mun District
Wicked, also known as Condannata in Italy and Malvada in Spain, is a 1931 American pre-Code drama film directed by Allan Dwan and starring Elissa Landi, Victor McLaglen, and Una Merkel. The screenplay concerns a woman who commits murder while trying to save her bandit husband and bears a child in prison. The production dates were between early June and early July 1931.
Cast
Elissa Landi as Margot Rande
Victor McLaglen as Scott Burrows
Una Merkel as June
Irene Rich as Mrs. Luther
Alan Dinehart as Blake
Theodore von Eltz as Rony Rande
Oscar Apfel as Judge Luther
Mae Busch as Arlene
Ruth Donnelly as Fanny
Eileen Percy as Stella
Kathleen Kerrigan as Miss Peck
Alice Lake as Prisoner
William Pawley as Cop
G. Pat Collins as Cop
Clarence Wilson as Juryman
Edwin Maxwell as Owner of property
George Kuwa as Tony's friend
Lloyd Whitlock as Tony's Friend
References
Further reading
Hall, Mordaunt. The Screen; A Mother in Prison, The New York Times: Amusements, Books Section, September 19, 1931, p. 10
External links
Ovguide.com
Tcm.com
Reelzchannel.com - Wicked
Filmsuggest.com
Reelzchannel.com - comments
1931 films
1930s prison films
Films directed by Allan Dwan
American black-and-white films
Fox Film films
1930s musical drama films
American musical drama films
Melodrama films
Films with screenplays by Kathryn Scola
1931 drama films
1930s American films
Justice Natwarlal Harilal Bhagwati (7 August 1894 – 7 January 1970) was a Judge at the Supreme Court of India from 1952 to 1959 and the Vice-Chancellor of Banaras Hindu University from 1960 till 1966. Earlier, he had served as the Vice-Chancellor of the University of Bombay during 1949-51. He is also father to the economist Jagdish Bhagwati as well as P. N. Bhagwati, the 17th Chief Justice of India and S. N. (Sanat Natwarlal) Bhagwati, former president of the Neurological Society of India.
Education
Bhagwati initially studied at the Baroda College. He got his Bachelor of Arts from Elphinstone College with honours in 1914 and was a Senior Daxina Fellow of Bombay University for the period 1914–17.
Vice-Chancellorship
One year into his retirement from the Bench, Bhagwati was made the Vice-Chancellor of the Banaras Hindu University. Gadbois Jr., a scholar of the Indian Supreme Court's history, suspects this to be for political reasons. It should be noted, as Gadbois Jr. does too, that Bhagwati had previously been the Vice-Chancellor of the University of Bombay from November 1949 to that of 1951. This was in conjunction with his judgeship at the Bombay High Court. Before that, he had been a Senate member of Bombay University in 1947, a Syndicate member of the university and the Vice-President of the Board of Visitors for Government Law College, Bombay in '48. Bhagwati was also a Professor at the Government Law College in Bombay from 1929 to 1931.
According to a note on the family history on his son Jagdish Bhagwati's home page at Columbia University, Natwarlal Bhagwati was a patron of Indian classical music during his term at BHU where he was instrumental in the award of an honorary doctorate by the university to Omkarnath Thakur. It is also claimed that Justice Bhagwati played a role in the selection of Jarava Lal Mehta and Jayant Narlikar to be respectively sent to Germany and Cambridge for further studies.
Bhagwati died on 7 January 1970 at his residence in Ahmedabad.
References
1894 births
1970 deaths
Elphinstone College alumni
Justices of the Supreme Court of India
Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda alumni
University of Mumbai people
Vice Chancellors of Banaras Hindu University
Joseph Anderson (31 January 1878 — 10 June 1961) was a Scottish first-class cricketer and sports outfitter.
Anderson was born at Perth in January 1878. A club cricketer for Perthshire County Cricket Club, he made his debut in first-class cricket for Scotland against the touring West Indians at Edinburgh in 1906, with his next appearance coming against the touring Australians in 1909. He played two first-class matches against Ireland in 1909 and 1910, before making his final first-class appearance at Perth in 1912 against the touring Australians. Anderson scored 139 runs in his five first-class matches at an average of 15.44, with the highest score of 31 which came against Ireland in 1909. By profession, Anderson was a sports outfitter. Between 1904 and 1914, he produced the annual Scottish cricket annual from his outfitting business. Anderson died at Perth in June 1961.
References
External links
1878 births
1961 deaths
People from Perth, Scotland
Scottish cricketers
Cricket historians and writers
Herbert Lench Pottle (February 16, 1907 – September 21, 2002) was a Canadian politician, civil servant, magistrate and writer. He represented the electoral district of Carbonear-Bay de Verde in the Newfoundland and Labrador House of Assembly from 1949 to 1956. He was a member of the Liberal Party of Newfoundland and Labrador.
The son of William Pottle and Patience Evely, he was born in 1907 in Flatrock, Newfoundland and received his early education there. A clinical psychologist, he was an alumnus of Mount Allison University (B.A. 1932) and the University of Toronto (M.A. 1934, PhD 1937). Pottle married Muriel Ethel Moran in 1937; the couple had two daughters. He was employed by the Newfoundland Department of Education from 1939 to 1943. From 1943 to 1947, Pottle was a Child Welfare director and a judge in St. John's juvenile court.
From 1947 to 1949, he served in Newfoundland's Commission of Government as Commissioner for Home Affairs and Education. He was elected to the provincial assembly in 1949 and served in the Newfoundland cabinet as Minister of Public Welfare. Pottle resigned from cabinet in 1955. He was subsequently named secretary for the United Church of Canada's board of information and stewardship, serving until 1963. From 1963 to 1972, he served in the Canadian Department of Health and Welfare.
He died in Ottawa in 2002 at the age of 95.
Works
Dawn without Light, political memoir (1979)
From the Nart Shore, autobiography (1983)
Humour on the Rock (1983)
References
External links
Herbert Lench Pottle archival papers held at the University of Toronto Archives and Records Management Services
1907 births
2002 deaths
Liberal Party of Newfoundland and Labrador MHAs
Writers from Newfoundland and Labrador
Members of the Newfoundland Commission of Government
Dominion of Newfoundland judges
Aureliano Cândido Tavares Bastos ( – ) was a Brazilian politician, writer and journalist. He was a supporter of federalism within the Empire of Brazil. The familial surname is Tavares Bastos.
Early life
Tavares Bastos was the first of six children born to Brazilian politician , and Rosa Candida Araujo. He attended the University of São Paulo Law School and graduated in 1858 at age 20. He followed this by earning a doctorate in law in 1859.
Political career
In 1860, Tavares Bastos was elected to the legislature for the province of Alagoas. In 1861, after openly disagreeing with the Minister of the Navy, Tavares Bastos was dismissed from his official position as Secretary of the Navy. In 1864, Tavares Bastos was re-elected deputy and attended the Mission Hail by the River Plate as secretary.
Death and legacy
In 1874 Tavares Bastos travelled to Europe due to his poor health. He died from pneumonia on . His body was buried in the city of Rio de Janeiro, where he lived much of his life, on 2 May 1876. Rio's Tavares Bastos favela is named after him.
Views
Tavares Bastos was a supporter of liberalism. His ideas were influenced by American missionary James Cooley Fletcher, and thinkers such as John Stuart Mill, Alexis de Tocqueville and Alexander Hamilton. As such advocated the separation of church and state and even the immigration of Protestants in the region.
Published works
In 1862 he anonymously published Cartas do Solitário (English: The Lone Letters) in . The book consists of letters that deal with issues such as administrative centralization, the opening of the Amazon River to navigation, freedom of navigation cabotage and communications with the United States. In 1870, he published A província (English: The Province), which opposed the centralization of government. In 1872, he published A situação e o Partido Liberal (English: The Situation and the Liberal Party), and in 1873 studies on Electoral Reform.
Recognition
Tavares Bastos was the one of the original patrons of the Academia Brasileira de Letras, holding the 35th seat.
References
External links
1839 births
1875 deaths
Brazilian politicians
Patrons of the Brazilian Academy of Letters
Brazilian journalists
Pardis Christine Sabeti () (born December 25, 1975 in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian American computational biologist, medical geneticist and evolutionary geneticist. She developed a bioinformatic statistical method which identifies sections of the genome that have been subject to natural selection and an algorithm which explains the effects of genetics on the evolution of disease.
In 2014, Sabeti was part of a team led by Christian Happi, a Cameroonian geneticist, which used advanced genomic sequencing technology to identify a single point of infection from an animal reservoir to a human in the Ebola outbreak in West Africa. RNA changes suggest that the first human infection was followed by exclusive human to human transmissions. The work led her to be named one of TIME Magazine's Persons of the Year in 2014 (Ebola Fighters), and one of the TIME 100 most influential people in 2015.
Sabeti is a full professor in the Center for Systems Biology and Department of Organismic and Evolutionary Biology at Harvard University and on the faculty of the Center for Communicable Disease Dynamics at the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health, and is an institute member at the Broad Institute and an investigator of the Howard Hughes Medical Institute. She is the head of the Sabeti Lab.
Sabeti is the lead singer and a writer for the rock band A Thousand Days and is also the current host of the educational series Against All Odds: Inside Statistics sponsored by Annenberg Learner. Her show is included in many high school statistics curriculums, including the Research Statistics 1 and 2 Course at Thomas Jefferson High School for Science and Technology.
Early life and education
Sabeti was born in 1975 in Tehran, Iran, to Nasrin and Parviz Sabeti. Her father came from a Baháʼí Faith family but never officially joined as a member and was the deputy in SAVAK, Iran's intelligence agency, and a high ranking security official in Shah's regime. She had a sister, Parisa, who was 2 years older. Growing up, Parisa taught Pardis the course material she had learned the year before in school, leading Pardis to be "almost two years ahead of her classmates" when the school year began.
Her family fled Iran in October 1978, shortly before the Iranian Revolution, when Sabeti was two years old, and found sanctuary in Florida. Growing up in Orlando, Sabeti wanted to be a flower-shop owner, novelist, or doctor. However, she was most passionate about math. Throughout her childhood and into college, Sabeti played competitive tennis. Sabeti went to Trinity Preparatory School in Central Florida. In high school, she was a National Merit Scholar and participated on USA Today's All-USA High School Academic Team. She additionally attributes part of her inspiration towards medical science to the 1995 movie Outbreak.
Sabeti went on to study biology at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) where she was a member of the varsity tennis team and class president, graduating in 1997 with a major in Biology and a "perfect 5.0 average." At MIT, she began her research career in David Bartel's laboratory and also worked in Eric Lander's laboratory, created the Freshman Leadership Program, and worked as a teaching assistant. She was then a Rhodes Scholar at New College, Oxford and completed her Doctorate in evolutionary genetics in 2002, and graduated summa cum laude with a Doctor of Medicine at Harvard Medical School in 2006, being the third woman to receive this honor since the school had begun accepting female students. The Paul & Daisy Soros Fellowships for New Americans supported her graduate studies. Initially, Sabeti planned to enter medicine and become a doctor; however, she decided to pursue research instead after completing medical school and discovering she preferred research to medicine.
Career and research
Sabeti is an annual participant in the Distinguished Lecture Series at the acclaimed Research Science Institute at MIT for high school students. In May 2015, she delivered a TED Talk, called "How we'll fight the next deadly virus." "Her team was recently awarded funding from the TED Audacious Project to build Sentinel, a pandemic pre-emption and response system."
As a graduate student at Oxford and postdoctoral fellow with Eric Lander at the Broad Institute, Sabeti developed a family of statistical tests for positive selection that look for common genetic variants found on unusually long haplotypes. Her tests, extended haplotype homozygosity (EHH), the long-range haplotype (LRH) test, and cross population extended haplotype homozygosity (XP-EHH), are designed to detect advantageous mutations whose frequency in human populations has risen rapidly over the last 10,000 years. As a faculty member at Harvard, Sabeti and her group have developed a statistical test to pinpoint signals of selection, the Composite of Multiple Signals (CMS), and a family of statistical tests to detect and characterize correlations in datasets of any kind, maximal information non-parametic exploration (MINE). Sabeti created a series of videos with the goal of explaining statistics to high school and college students. Sabeti has via her collaboration with Michael Mitzenmacher an Erdős number of 3.
In February 2021 Sabeti co-authored a paper in Nature Communications on how a certain level of COVID-19 anti-bodies may provide lasting protection against the virus. The paper was based on blood samples provided voluntarily by 4300 employees of SpaceX crediting also its CEO Elon Musk.
In September 2021, Sabeti joined the YouTube channel Crash Course to host its series on Outbreak Science.
Awards and honors
Sabeti was the 2012 recipient of Smithsonian magazine's American Ingenuity Award in the Natural Sciences category. In 2014, she received the Vilcek Prize for Creative Promise in Biomedical Science. She is a World Economic Forum Young Global Leader and a National Geographic Emerging Explorer.
In addition to being named one of TIME Magazine's Persons of the Year in 2014 (Ebola Fighters), Sabeti was listed as one of TIME magazine's 100 most influential people in 2015.
In 2015, Sabeti was selected for the prestigious Howard Hughes Medical Institute Investigator award. She has also received a Burroughs Wellcome Fund Career Award in the Biomedical Sciences, a Packard Foundation award in Science and Engineering, and an NIH Director's New Innovator Award, and a L'Oréal for Women in Science Fellowship.
Sabeti was on the list of the BBC's 100 Women announced on 23 November 2020.
Personal life
Sabeti is the lead singer and songwriter for the rock band A Thousand Days. In her spare time, Sabeti enjoys playing volleyball and participates in Harvard's summer volleyball league.
On July 17, 2015, Sabeti suffered a near-fatal accident at a conference in Montana. She was a passenger in an ATV that went over a cliff, and catapulted onto boulders. She shattered her pelvis and knees, and sustained a brain injury. She completed rehab to return to teaching.
Filmography
Against All Odds ... Host (32 episodes)
References
External links
"Profile: Pardis Sabeti" on NOVA: Science Now, 2008 June
Science meets MTV: Broad Institute geneticist and rock singer Pardis Sabeti merges lab culture with pop culture (Nature Network Boston, 2007 July 31)
A Thousand Days Photos (2007 May 10)
Genetic Road Map Drawn for Tracing Route To Common Diseases
Video. Profile: Pardis Sabeti. NOVA scienceNOW, 07.02.2008.
Burroughs Wellcome Fund Annual Report Profile
1975 births
20th-century American people
20th-century Iranian people
21st-century American biologists
21st-century Iranian people
American people of Iranian descent
American Rhodes Scholars
BBC 100 Women
Evolutionary biologists
Harvard Medical School alumni
Harvard University faculty
Howard Hughes Medical Investigators
Iranian biologists
Iranian expatriate academics
Living people
Richard-Lounsbery Award laureates
Statistical geneticists
Systems biologists
Women evolutionary biologists
The Jefferson Theater, a former movie palace, is a performing arts venue located at 110 East Main Street in Charlottesville, Virginia, and is the centerpiece of the Historic Downtown Mall.
Built in 1912, this combination vaudeville house/cinema is one of the major performing venues in Charlottesville, Virginia. Operated most recently as one of the dollar theaters, it is currently owned by Coran Capshaw, who oversaw restoration which has now been completed.
It was designed by architect C.K. Howell, who also designed the November Theatre in nearby Richmond, Virginia.
Before closing for renovations in the spring of 2006, one of the final performances was a concert by the Charlottesville-based bluegrass band, King Wilkie.
References
External links
Official Site
"Jefferson Theater stops $3 flix"
"Star reborn: Jefferson readied for next act"
Buildings and structures in Charlottesville, Virginia
Theatres in Virginia
Tourist attractions in Charlottesville, Virginia
1912 establishments in Virginia
Lo! is the third published nonfiction work of the author Charles Fort (first edition 1931). In it he details a wide range of unusual phenomena. In the final chapter of the book he proposes a new cosmology that the earth is stationary in space and surrounded by a solid shell which is "not unthinkably far away". The book was recently released in a paperback version, and it is included in The Complete Works Of Charles Fort with Fort's other paranormal writings. An online version of the book is linked here.
Overview
Of Fort's four books, this volume deals most frequently and scathingly with astronomy (continuing from his previous book New Lands). The book also deals extensively with other subjects, including paranormal phenomena (see parapsychology), which were explored in his first book, The Book of the Damned. Fort is widely credited with having coined the now-popular term "teleportation" in this book, and here he ties his previous statements on what he referred to as the Super-Sargasso Sea into his beliefs on teleportation. He would later expand this theory to include purported mental and psychic phenomena in his fourth and final book, Wild Talents.
It takes its derisive title from what he regarded as the tendency of astronomers to make positivistic, overly precise, and premature announcements of celestial events and discoveries. Fort portrays them as quack prophets, sententiously pointing towards the skies and saying "Lo!".
Lo! is arguably Fort's most popular book. It is divided into two sections: the first on the above phenomena; the second, on his attacks on the contemporary astronomy. The reason for this is that Fort had been working on a follow-up to The Book of the Damned, but he scrapped the idea and incorporated many of the subjects into this one.
Lo! is used extensively in Blue Balliett's book Chasing Vermeer.
Part One: Teleportation
Fort establishes his thesis for this particular book early on—that some sort of mysterious force, known as the "cosmic joker" (sic), is responsible for the teleportation of people, animals, and materials. This thesis would be revised later to accommodate Fort's research on psychic phenomena in Wild Talents.
Fort starts the book largely where he left off in The Book of the Damned: mysterious falls of animals and strange materials, flying stones, poltergeist activity, etc., and incorporates these strange phenomena into his new theory on teleportation, saying that teleportation from the Super-Sargasso Sea can explain these phenomena. Fort also briefly touches on UFOs again in this book, and writes extensively on a number of other topics which he claims can be explained by teleportation: cryptozoology and various out of place animals, animal mutilations and attacks on people, strange swarming of balls, the emergence of various strange people (the famous cases of Princess Caraboo and Kaspar Hauser), and the mysterious disappearances of others (including the diplomat Benjamin Bathurst, and vessels such as the Mary Celeste, Carroll A. Deering, and , presaging later interest in the Bermuda Triangle phenomenon). He writes a chapter on the winter of 1904–1905 in Britain, when a widespread religious revival in England and Wales coincided with numerous other strange occurrences: the appearances of ghosts, poltergeists, a few purported cases of Spontaneous Human Combustion, and a ravenous predator mutilating sheep and other farm animals in Northumberland.
Fort believed that all of these anomalous phenomena can be explained by his teleportation theory—though he later apparently retracts this theory to an extent in his final book.
Part Two: Astronomy
Fort was sceptical of Albert Einstein's theories of relativity and the claim that these could be confirmed by a transit of the Sun. He was sceptical of the accuracy of the mathematics and the observations involved, and pointed out seeming contradictions and anomalies in scientists' statements to the press.
See also
Charles Fort
Tiffany Thayer
External links
Edited and Annotated Online Version
https://web.archive.org/web/20120203115215/http://www.forteans.com/ The homepage of the International Fortean Organization (INFO)
Books by Charles Fort
Pseudoarchaeological texts
1931 non-fiction books
The Supreme Court of Greece can refer to any of the three Supreme Courts of Greece:
Court of Cassation (; established 1834), the supreme court of Greece for civil and criminal law
Council of State (, 1835-1844; refounded 1928), the Supreme Administrative Court of Greece
Chamber of Accounts (, established 1833), a Supreme Administrative Court with a special jurisdiction
Judiciary of Greece
The 1996 Texas Tech Red Raiders football team represented Texas Tech University as a member of the newly-formed Big 12 Conference during the 1996 NCAA Division I-A football season. In their tenth season under head coach Spike Dykes, the Red Raiders compiled a 7–5 record (5–3 against Big 12 opponents), finished in second place in Southern Division of the Big 12, outscored opponents by a combined total of 323 to 232, and lost to Iowa in the 1996 Alamo Bowl. The team played its home games at Clifford B. and Audrey Jones Stadium in Lubbock, Texas.
Schedule
Roster
Game summaries
at Kansas State
vs. Oklahoma State
at Georgia
Utah State
Baylor
at Kansas
Nebraska
at Texas A&M
Texas
Southwestern Louisiana
at Oklahoma
vs. Iowa (Alamo Bowl)
References
Texas Tech
Texas Tech Red Raiders football seasons
Texas Tech Red Raiders football
Eric Franklin Wood (1947 – 3 November 2021) was a Canadian-American hydrologist.
Wood was born in Vancouver, British Columbia in 1947. He earned a bachelor's degree in civil engineering at the University of British Columbia in 1970, and completed a doctor of science degree in the subject at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1974. He joined the Princeton University faculty in 1976, was later named Susan Dod Brown Professor of Civil and Environmental Engineering, and retired in 2019 with emeritus status. He was a fellow and 2010 awardee of the American Meteorological Society's Jule G. Charney Award. The Australian Academy of Technological Sciences and Engineering also granted Wood fellowship in 2010. Wood was selected a fellow of the Royal Society of Canada in 2013, received the European Geosciences Union's in 2014, elected a member of the National Academy of Engineering in 2015, "[f]or development of land surface models and use of remote sensing for hydrologic modeling and prediction," and elected a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science in 2017. The American Geophysical Union awarded fellowship, and in 2017, the Robert E. Horton Medal to Wood.
Wood died of cancer on 3 November 2021.
References
1947 births
2021 deaths
Canadian hydrologists
American hydrologists
Canadian emigrants to the United States
Scientists from Vancouver
Princeton University faculty
University of British Columbia alumni
Massachusetts Institute of Technology alumni
20th-century American engineers
Members of the United States National Academy of Engineering
21st-century American engineers
20th-century Canadian engineers
21st-century Canadian engineers
Canadian civil engineers
American civil engineers
Environmental engineers
Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
Fellows of the American Geophysical Union
Fellows of the American Meteorological Society
Fellows of the Royal Society of Canada
Fellows of the Australian Academy of Technological Sciences and Engineering
Deaths from cancer in New Jersey
Urmas Arumäe (born 1 January 1957) is an Estonian attorney, associate professor at the Estonian Business School, and former Minister of Justice.
Arumäe was born in Tootsi, and graduated in 1988 from the University of Tartu, faculty of Law. On 2 June 1994 he became Minister of Justice in the first government of Prime Minister Mart Laar, an office he retained until 8 November that year. Arumäe was registered as a member of the conservative Pro Patria Union between 1998 and 2010, and the centrist Estonian Centre Party between 2009 and 2011.
After being admitted to the Estonian Bar Association in 1994, he founded his own law firm, while also being active in the public sector by serving in local government. Since 1992 he has lectured at the Estonian Business School (EBS) and other private schools of higher education; and since 2008, he has been Associate Professor of Law and Public Administration at the Estonian Business School and Chairman of the Advisory Board of EBS Helsinki (Finland). He has also been active in the development of the Estonian system of local government, written on topics related to local government and been a spokesperson for local government issues. In 2011, he founded Andresson Consulting Network Law Office, in which he serves as CEO and senior consultant. In 2018, he founded also Arumäe Law Firms, where he serves as the Managing Partner.
Education
Arumäe graduated from the Tartu State University (now University of Tartu) in 1988 with a degree that is equivalent to a Master of Laws degree (LLM). In 1992, he received an MBA from the Estonian Business School, and in 1998, graduated cum laude from the Stockholm University Department of Law with a Master of Laws (LLM) in European Union law. In 2010, he defended his doctoral dissertation entitled Territorial communities and the Legal Organization of their Management at the Estonian Business School and acquired a doctorate (PhD) in management science.
Legal career
Arumäe first established the Concordia Law Office (1995-1999), and thereafter established the Landwell Law Office (2000-2001) in cooperation with PricewaterhouseCoopers Estonia (2000-2001). In 2001, he re-established his law office under the original name Concordia Law Office, which operated until the end of 2005, when Arumäe entered the public sector. In 2011, Arumäe established a new law office under the name Andresson Consulting Network.
Career in government
He has also been a member of the Administrative Council of the Tallinn City Centre Administration (1993-1996). From 2005-2008, he served as the Mayor of the Viimsi Rural Municipality and Chairman of the Harju County Local Government Association (2006-2010). He was the Estonian Minister of Justice in 1994 (2 June – 8 November).
Professional memberships
He is an attorney-at-law (as of 23 August 1994), a member of the Estonian Bar Association (as of 11 November 1994) and the International Bar Association (IBA). He was among the founders of the Estonian Lawyers Association and its long-time president. He is also a member of the Estonian Consultants Association (2010).
Personal life
Arumäe was born in Tootsi Rural Municipality, in Pärnu County, Estonia, where attended the local basic school and went onto attend a vocational-secondary school in Tallinn.
He is married to Tiiu Arumäe and has one daughter and two sons.
References
1957 births
Living people
People from Põhja-Pärnumaa Parish
Pro Patria Union politicians
Estonian Centre Party politicians
Justice ministers of Estonia
20th-century Estonian lawyers
Estonian legal scholars
University of Tartu alumni
21st-century Estonian lawyers
The following events occurred in April 1934:
April 1, 1934 (Sunday)
Turkish authorities removed fugitive businessman Samuel Insull from his ship docked at Istanbul, brought him to court for a 15-minute hearing and then confined him to a hotel under guard.
John Bosco was canonized as a saint by Pope Pius XI.
The Major Bowes Amateur Hour premiered on the New York radio station WHN.
Two Texas Highway Patrol officers are killed by Clyde Barrow and Henry Methvin of the Barrow Gang in Grapevine, Texas.
Born: Jim Ed Brown, country singer, in Sparkman, Arkansas (d. 2015); Don Hastings, actor, singer and writer, in Brooklyn, New York; Rod Kanehl, baseball player, in Wichita, Kansas (d. 2004); Vladimir Posner, journalist, in Paris, France
Died: Barney Gilligan, 78, American baseball player
April 2, 1934 (Monday)
The Turkish government put Samuel Insull in jail to ensure his presence when American agents arrived to extradite him.
Catholic holy year ended when Pope Pius XI walled up the holy door of St. Peter's Basilica, not to be opened again until the next holy year in 1950.
A message from Pope Pius XI published in a Cologne-based Catholic publication criticized Nazi propaganda as "pointing away from Christ back to paganism."
Guy Moll won the Monaco Grand Prix.
Born: Paul Avery, journalist, in Honolulu, Hawaii (d. 2000); Paul Cohen, mathematician, in Long Branch, New Jersey (d. 2007); Brian Glover, actor, writer and wrestler, in Sheffield, England (d. 1997)
April 3, 1934 (Tuesday)
A court in Duisburg, Germany ruled that "the Catholic press has no right to exist." The ruling was made in connection with an unfair competition lawsuit brought by a company that published several small Catholic newspapers against a rival Nazi paper that was accused of securing subscriptions through intimidation.
Born: Jane Goodall, primatologist, in London, England
April 4, 1934 (Wednesday)
The Soviet–Polish Non-Aggression Pact of 1932 was renewed for another ten years.
Died: John Francis Dillon, 49, American film director and actor
April 5, 1934 (Thursday)
Romanian court sentenced three members of the Iron Guard movement to life imprisonment for the murder of Prime Minister Ion G. Duca. However, 46 others were acquitted in a blow to the government.
Joan Meakin became the first female glider pilot to fly over the English Channel.
The comedy film You're Telling Me! starring W. C. Fields was released.
Born: Roman Herzog, President of Germany, in Landshut, Germany (d. 2017)
Died: Jiro Sato, 26, Japanese tennis player (suicide)
April 6, 1934 (Friday)
6,000 unemployed people rioted in Minneapolis. A parade of the jobless seeking an extension of the Civil Works Administration marched to City Hall and sent in a committee to see the city council, but after word got out that the committee had been arrested the demonstration turned violent. Police moved in with tear gas and clubs and a total of 18 were injured, 13 of them law enforcement.
The drama film Men in White starring Clark Gable and Myrna Loy was released.
Born: Anton Geesink, judo champion, in Utrecht, Netherlands (d. 2010)
April 7, 1934 (Saturday)
A huge crag of land fell into a fjord in western Norway and caused a local tsunami that killed 40 residents of the village of Tafjord.
Died: Karl von Einem, 81, German army commander
April 8, 1934 (Sunday)
Communists engaged in street fighting with members of the far-right Solidarité Française in the Place de l'Étoile district of Paris. Over 1,000 communists also battled police in the frontier town of Thionville.
Born: Turk Farrell, baseball player, in Boston, Massachusetts (d. 1977)
Died: Franklin Clarence Mars, 50, American business magnate
April 9, 1934 (Monday)
Pope Pius XI received 80 foreign correspondents at the Vatican, the first time the press had ever been invited to meet a pope. The pope said the occasion was to thank the press because "this holy year has been magnificent and successful, and a great part of the resonance it has had throughout the world was due to you and what you wrote about it."
Born: Bill Birch, politician, in Hastings, New Zealand
April 10, 1934 (Tuesday)
Spanish Falangist leader José Antonio Primo de Rivera survived an assassination attempt in Madrid. Four men threw bombs at his car and then fired bullets at it, but Primo de Rivera was unharmed.
The Chicago Black Hawks beat the Detroit Red Wings 1–0 in double overtime to win the Stanley Cup Finals, three games to one. It was the first Stanley Cup in the franchise's history.
The film Viva Villa! starring Wallace Beery was released.
The Jean Cocteau play The Infernal Machine premiered in Paris.
April 11, 1934 (Wednesday)
Adolf Hitler made a secret deal with the leaders of the German armed forces aboard the cruiser Deutschland, promising to eliminate Ernst Röhm and subordinate the Sturmabteilung to the army in exchange for their support. This agreement led to the purge known as the Night of the Long Knives.
Italian aviator Renato Donati set a new flight altitude record of 14,433 meters (47,354 feet).
Born: Mark Strand, poet and essayist, in Summerside, Prince Edward Island, Canada (d. 2014)
Died: Gerald du Maurier, 61, English actor and manager
April 12, 1934 (Thursday)
Soviet flyers recovered the last six of the 103 marooned survivors of the SS Chelyuskin, which sank near Kolyuchin Island in the Chukchi Sea in February.
Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras and Nicaragua signed a friendship treaty in Guatemala City.
The Auto-Lite strike began in Toledo, Ohio.
A book by U.S. President Franklin D. Roosevelt was published titled On Our Way, defending the New Deal and reviewing the accomplishments of its first year.
April 13, 1934 (Friday)
Turkey handed Samuel Insull over to American authorities aboard a ship at Smyrna.
April 14, 1934 (Saturday)
The far-right National Radical Camp Falanga was founded in Poland.
Actress Norma Talmadge obtained a divorce in Mexico from film executive Joseph M. Schenck.
April 15, 1934 (Sunday)
The King and Queen of Italy inaugurated Sabaudia, the second city to be built on the newly drained Pontine Marshes. Littoria, founded in 1932, was the first.
A police raid on a secluded villa in Barbizon, France revealed that Leon Trotsky had been secretly living there for the past few months and not in Corsica as he was supposed to. Trotsky said he had been living there in secrecy because he feared attempts on his life. The villa attracted suspicion because of the large volume of mail it had been receiving.
Died: Karl Dane, 47, Danish-American comedian and actor (suicide)
April 16, 1934 (Monday)
The title Hero of the Soviet Union was established.
April 17, 1934 (Tuesday)
On Budget Day in the United Kingdom, Chancellor of the Exchequer Neville Chamberlain presented a "prosperity budget" that rolled back many previous tax increases and service cuts while still projecting a surplus of £800,000.
The newly refurbished Fenway Park opened in Boston. Seating capacity was increased and the mound known as Duffy's Cliff along the left-field wall had been leveled, a scoreboard installed at the base of the wall in its place. The entire park gained its distinctive shade of green at this time, although the left-field wall later to be famously nicknamed the Green Monster would remain covered in advertisements until 1947.
April 18, 1934 (Wednesday)
France ordered Leon Trotsky out of the country, accusing him of plotting to overthrow the government.
The first laundromat opened in Fort Worth, Texas, called a "Wash-a-Teria".
Born: James Drury, actor, in New York City (d. 2020)
April 19, 1934 (Thursday)
In Austria, 81 political opponents of the Dollfuss government were sent to Wöllersdorf concentration camp without trial.
95.75% of Voters in Uruguay approved a new constitution in a national referendum.
Dave Komonen won the Boston Marathon.
The musical film Stand Up and Cheer! starring Warner Baxter, Madge Evans and Shirley Temple in the role that made her famous, premiered at Radio City Music Hall in New York City.
Died: Charlie Hickman, 57, American baseball player
April 20, 1934 (Friday)
Hermann Göring transferred administration of the Gestapo to Heinrich Himmler.
The action-adventure film Tarzan and His Mate, the second in the Tarzan film series starring Johnny Weissmuller, premiered at the Capitol Theatre in New York City.
April 21, 1934 (Saturday)
A mine explosion in Kakanj near Sarajevo killed 150 miners and trapped an additional 250 underground.
"Surgeon's Photograph" purporting to show the Loch Ness Monster was published in the Daily Mail. The picture is now known to have been a hoax.
April 22, 1934 (Sunday)
The FBI caught up with John Dillinger and his men in Manitowish, Wisconsin, but the gang escaped unscathed. An FBI agent was killed in the shootout and an innocent man also died in the crossfire.
King Victor Emmanuel III of Italy rode the first train in the Apennine Base Tunnel, a new 12-mile direct railway line running through the Apennine Mountains connecting Florence and Bologna. It was the world's longest double track tunnel at the time of construction and took 3,000 men ten years to build.
Died: Alice Claypoole Gwynne, 88, dowager Mrs. Vanderbilt
April 23, 1934 (Monday)
Dillinger and his associates Homer Van Meter and John Hamilton engaged in another shootout with law enforcement near Hastings, Minnesota. Hamilton was wounded in the back and would die a few days later.
Berlin police prohibited fortune-telling.
April 24, 1934 (Tuesday)
U.S. Patent #1956350 was filed by Laurens Hammond for an "electrical musical instrument" known today as the Hammond organ.
Born: Jayakanthan, writer, in Cuddalore, British India (d. 2015); Shirley MacLaine, entertainer, activist and author, in Richmond, Virginia
April 25, 1934 (Wednesday)
Spanish Prime Minister Alejandro Lerroux and his cabinet were forced to resign by President Niceto Alcalá-Zamora due to disagreement between the two over an amnesty law.
Tucson, Arizona child June Robles was kidnapped by an unidentified man in a case that drew national headlines.
Born: Peter McParland, footballer, in Newry, Northern Ireland; Denny Miller, actor, in Bloomington, Indiana (d. 2014)
April 26, 1934 (Thursday)
American railroad owners and workers averted a strike by reaching a settlement to gradually roll back the 10 percent pay cut imposed on the workers two years earlier.
Died: John Hamilton, 34 or 35, Canadian criminal (died of gunshot wounds; some sources give date of death as April 27 or 30)
April 27, 1934 (Friday)
German foreign minister Konstantin von Neurath gave a press conference denouncing France for "destroying at a single blow the result of lengthy negotiations for disarmament", calling it amazing that France would spend 16 billion francs on its military and express alarm at Germany's defense expenditure of 890 million reichsmarks.
Died: Joe Vila, 67, American sportswriter and editor
April 28, 1934 (Saturday)
Manchester City defeated Portsmouth 2–1 in the FA Cup Final at Wembley Stadium.
King Victor Emmanuel III inaugurated Italy's 29th legislature with a speech from the throne that included a lengthy statement on the necessity of increasing Italy's armed forces.
April 29, 1934 (Sunday)
Nazis confiscated three Catholic newspapers around Germany for printing articles informing readers about the church's ongoing dispute with the government.
Born: Luis Aparicio, baseball player, in Maracaibo, Venezuela; Pedro Pires, 3rd President of Cape Verde, in Fogo, Cape Verde; Akira Takarada, actor, in Korea
April 30, 1934 (Monday)
The remnants of the Austrian parliament, down to 74 members because the 73 members of the Social Democratic Party were all either imprisoned or in hiding, held their first session in over a year. By a vote of 72-2 the parliament approved a new constitution turning the country into a dictatorship.
The independent American film Hitler's Reign of Terror, an anti-Nazi film composed of newsreel footage and re-enactments, premiered at the Mayfair in New York City.
Eleanor Roosevelt, the First Lady of the United States, hosted the White House Conference on Camps for Unemployed Women.
Born: Don McKenney, ice hockey player, in Smiths Falls, Ontario, Canada
References
1934
1934-04
1934-04
Horești is a village in Ialoveni District, Moldova.
References
Villages of Ialoveni District
Ji Seung-Hyun (born December 19, 1981) is a South Korean actor.
Filmography
Television series
Film
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
South Korean male television actors
South Korean male film actors
Kyung Hee University alumni
People from Daegu
Ebbsfleet and Cliffsend Halt railway station served the hamlet of Ebbsfleet, Thanet, Kent, England from 1908 to 1933 on the Kent coastline.
History
The station opened on 7 May 1908 by the South Eastern and Chatham Railway. It closed to both passengers and goods traffic on 1 April 1933.
The new Thanet Parkway station has been built about 100 metres west of the site of the station.
References
External links
Disused railway stations in Kent
Former South Eastern Railway (UK) stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1908
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1933
1908 establishments in England
1933 disestablishments in England
"I Hate U" is a song by the American singer SZA. It was originally released along with two other songs on SZA's SoundCloud account in August 2021, before receiving a release on major platforms on December 3, 2021, after garnering popularity on the video-sharing app, TikTok. A break-up song, it finds SZA detailing what went wrong in a past relationship, expressing resentment towards her ex, but acknowledging that she still misses them. "I Hate U" is an electronic R&B song with a "crunching", dark instrumental, containing a relaxed, "ethereal" chorus, and hip hop-influenced verses.
Upon its release it simultaneously debuted at number one on the United States Spotify and Apple Music streaming songs chart; and broke the record for the most streamed R&B song by a female artist on Apple Music in its first week. The song debuted at number 7 on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart, becoming SZA's second song, and second as the lead artist, to debut in the top ten, while also debuting at number one on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart;. It also reached the top 40 in Australia, Ireland, and the United Kingdom.
Background
The song was originally released exclusively on SZA's (anonymous) SoundCloud on August 22, 2021, along with two other tracks, "Joni" and "Nightbird". She revealed that her astrologist encouraged her to release the songs. After "I Hate U" went viral on TikTok and received a warm response from fans, SZA decided to give it an official release, stating: "Honestly this started out as an exercise. I just wanted somewhere to dump my thoughts w out pressure..y'all made it a thing and I'm not mad lmao. ask and u shall receive". However, after the song reached number one on US Apple Music, SZA revealed that the song is an official single, posting on social media: "One thing ab challll yall gon make it a single even if it aint !' I love you ! Thank you ! She also deemed the SoundCloud release an "experiment".
Composition and reception
Vultures Justin Curto labeled "I Hate U" a "groovy breakup song, anchored by SZA's lyrical directness", while Hayden Daviss of Pilerats found it a "subtle and seemingly 90s-indebted take on SZA's sound, with a crunching production swaying amongst SZA's vocal". HotNewHipHops Alexander Cole gave the song a "Very Hottttt" rating, complimenting the "dark production that complements the singer's voice perfectly", and noted, "throughout the track, she sings about a recent breakup and how she wishes things had played out differently". Ciaran Brennan of Hot Press said the song, along with "Joni" and "Nightbird", "showcases SZA's musical diversity", with the singer "switching up between passionate, emotional vocals and relaxed verses". Okayplayer's Robyn Mowat noted how the song "is filled with reflections on love, heartache and her headspace regarding a love gone wrong". NorthJersey.coms Jack McLoone deemed the track signature SZA, despite finding "her vocals on the chorus are more ethereal, while in the verses she skews closer to traditional R&B delivery with some clear hip hop influences. Naledi Ushe of PopSugar called it "a banger for all the heartbroken (past and present) people of the world". Comparing the song to Prince's "Eye Hate U" (1995), Jezebel writers said "a relaxed tempo and veritable yacht-rock keyboard underscore lovelorn 'fuck yous' and the overarching idea of hating someone because you love them so much". They noted however, that "despite the song's title, it is not a kiss-off but a call back, praising the "nimble" hook. Billboards Jason Lipshutz commended the song for showcasing "the vocal power that's made her such a captivating figure in mainstream pop and R&B". Similarly, HipHopDXs David Aaron Blake said, over the "wailing" synth and "lush" instrumental, is SZA's "uncontainable and booming voice".
Music video
A music video to accompany "I Hate U" was released on January 7, 2022. The visualizer, directed by Jack Begert, centers around a man (played by actor Lakeith Stanfield) in a heated argument on the phone. After the fiery phone call, he finds himself alone walking along the beach trying to light a cigarette and failing to do so. He then receives a text from SZA that reads "i hate u", prompting him to hurl his phone in the ocean. The video concludes with the words "Not The End", hinting at a possible follow-up.
Credits and personnel
Credits adapted via YouTube.
Solána Rowe – composer, lyricist
Robert Bisel – producer, composer, lyricist
Carter Lang – composer, lyricist, producer
Cody Fayne (ThankGod4Cody) – producer, composer, lyricist
Dylan Patrice – composer, lyricist, producer
Charts
Certifications
Release history
References
2021 songs
SZA songs
Songs written by SZA
Electro songs
American contemporary R&B songs
Top Dawg Entertainment singles
RCA Records singles
Admiral Clark Gayton (1712 – 5 March 1785) was an admiral in the British Royal Navy serving in the American Revolutionary War and in the West Indies before retiring to his home in Fareham, England. His brother George Gayton was also in the navy and achieved the rank of vice-admiral. He was born in Portsmouth, England, the third son of John Gayton who was postmaster of Portsmouth and Eleanor Clark. He was christened in St Thomas' Church, Portsmouth, Hampshire on 18 April 1712.
Navy career
He served as Midshipman to Captain Peter Warren aboard the Squirrel off the coast of North America when he was in his twenties and thereafter in the West Indies under Commodore Knowles who promoted him to command the storeship Bien Aimé on 12 August 1744.
He was based in Boston in July 1745 again under Commodore Peter Warren when he was placed in command of the Mermaid and also in charge of a convoy returning to England in March 1746. He remained in command of the Mermaid based in Portsmouth until September 1747.
We are then without a ship and on half pay until he was given the command of and commissioned the Antelope in May 1756, transferring to the Royal Anne guardship based in Spithead in August of the same year. Six months later he served as Flag-Captain under Admiral Henry Osborn in command of the Prince. In 1758 he was appointed to the St George and it was in command of this vessel that he departed for the West Indies joining the squadron under the command of Commodore Moore. Engagements at this time included the failed attack on Martinique and the invasion of Guadeloupe in 1758/1759.
The St George returned to Europe at the end of 1759 and remained there attached to the Grand Fleet in the Bay of Biscay until the declaration of peace.
From 1769 Gayton commanded the guardship San Antonio at Portsmouth. He was promoted to rear-admiral in October 1770 and left England four years later with his flag on the Antelope to take command of the Jamaica Station where he met a young Horatio Nelson, then Lieutenant Nelson when he served as lieutenant aboard the Lowestoffe. Gayton had many difficulties with the French officials that were his counterparts in Cap Français as well as the French governor concerning movements of his forces in the conduct of their duties. He was promoted to the rank of vice-admiral in February 1776. During his time as commander of Jamaica station, more than 235 vessels were seized. He returned to England in April 1778, after which he had no further service. He gained the rank of admiral in April 1782. He was succeeded by Sir Peter Parker as commander of Jamaica station.
His health was very poor in his last years, and he died in Fareham on 5 March 1785 aged 74.
The National Maritime Museum has his portrait by John Singleton Copley painted in 1779.
Marriage and family
When stationed in Boston he married a colonist and citizen of Boston, Judith Rawlins (10 October 1714 – 1774, daughter of Captain John Rawlins (shipmaster) and Love Prout), by whom he had one son, George Clark Gayton (1751–1800), and after her death, Elizabeth Legge, relative of the Earl of Dartmouth. She remarried four months after his death to Thomas Newsham.
Clark Gayton's father, John Gayton (1682–1737), was the postmaster of Portsmouth from 1707 until being succeeded by Moses Baxter in 1712.
Thomas Gayton was the grandfather of Clark Gayton and was a gentleman, alderman, and British Army officer, who died in 1694.
References
Sources
External links
National Maritime Museum
1712 births
1785 deaths
Royal Navy admirals
Julian Ripoli (born 7 October 1992) is a former French born Italian professional footballer who played as a midfielder.
Biography
Born in Paris, Ripoli began playing football for the youth sides of Co Vincennes and US Torcy, both in the suburbs of Paris. He later moved to Switzerland playing in the youth sides for Neuchâtel Xamax, before joining Genoa in Italy. Ripoli's first professional contract came in 2013 when he joined Polish side Lechia Gdańsk, initially joining the Lechia Gdańsk II team. For the remainder of the 2012–13 season he played nine times for the Lechia II team and featured in the Młoda Ekstraklasa (under 21's). At the end of his season his contract with Lechia was not renewed. For the 2013–14 season he moved to Romania to play with Universitatea Craiova, playing five times in the league that season as the team won the Romanian Liga II. After his time in Romania he moved back to Italy, joining Terracina Calcio 1925 for a season before a short spell with ASD Battipagliese. After failing to consistently play for either team he retired from professional football in 2015.
In 2017 Ripoli created and is the owner of OLO Records, being based in Paris. Ripoli has created his own music with his brother under the name “Miroloja”.
Honours
Universitatea Craiova
Liga II: 2013–14
References
External links
Living people
1992 births
Italian footballers
Association football midfielders
US Torcy players
Neuchâtel Xamax FCS players
Lechia Gdańsk players
CS Universitatea Craiova players
The 2011 Morocco Tennis Tour – Rabat was a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts. It was the fifth edition of the tournament which is part of the 2011 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Rabat, Morocco between 14 and 20 March 2011.
ATP entrants
Seeds
Rankings are as of March 7, 2011.
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Yassine Idmbarek
Malek Jaziri
Hicham Khaddari
Younes Rachidi
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Christian Lindell
Maxime Teixeira
Jonathan Dasnières de Veigy
Pablo Carreño Busta
Champions
Singles
Ivo Minář def. Peter Luczak, 7–5, 6–3
Doubles
Alessio di Mauro / Simone Vagnozzi def. Evgeny Korolev / Yuri Schukin, 6–4, 6–4
External links
Official Website
ITF Search
ATP official site
Morocco Tennis Tour - Rabat
2011 Morocco Tennis Tour
Morocco Tennis Tour – Rabat
21st century in Rabat
Senscheid is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Ahrweiler (district)
François-Xavier Dumortier, S.J. (born 4 November 1948) is a French Roman Catholic priest. He was rector of the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome from 1 September 2010 to 1 September 2016, when he was succeeded by Nuno da Silva Gonçalves.
Biography
François-Xavier Dumortier was born on 4 November 1948 in Levroux, France, and entered the Society of Jesus at the age of 25. He was ordained as a priest in 1982, and made his final vows as a Jesuit in 1990.
Dumortier was a philosophy professor for twenty years; he taught in particular at the Centre Sèvres, the Jesuit faculty of philosophy and theology in France. He was rector of that faculty from 1997 to 2003. Afterwards, Dumortier was superior of the French province of the Society of Jesus until 2009.
On 27 April 2010, Pope Benedict XVI announced that the rector of the Pontifical Gregorian University, the Rev. Gianfranco Ghirlanda, S.J., would be succeeded by Father Dumortier as the next rector of the university. The appointment took effect on 1 September 2010.
Pope Francis named Dumortier to participate in the Synod of Bishops on the Family in October.
References
External links
Interview with Fr. Dumortier
1948 births
Living people
20th-century French Jesuits
21st-century French Jesuits
Pontifical Gregorian University rectors
People from Indre
The 1906 Latrobe Athletic Association season was their eleventh season in existence. The team finished 3-1.
Schedule
Game notes
References
Latrobe Athletic Association
Latrobe Athletic Association seasons
A laneway house is a form of detached secondary suites in Canada built into pre-existing lots, usually in the backyard and opening onto the back lane. Most laneway houses are small. But, public concern has been raised in some communities about the impact that larger forms of this type of housing may have on privacy. Laneway houses are found in densely populated areas in Canadian cities, including Edmonton, Toronto, and Vancouver.
Edmonton
In Edmonton, laneway homes are called garden suites and the numbers keep increasing as the City changes bylaws to increase density. The suites are very popular as AirBnB properties, as retirement homes and for mortgage helpers.
Toronto
During the 19th century, back alleys were used by Toronto residents to house accessory buildings, including garages, storage units and/or stables. A number of these stables were mews, which included a residential area on its upper levels.
The earliest modern laneway home was built in 1989 at Kensington Market; and was designed by Jeffrey Stinston, a professor at the University of Toronto's John H. Daniels Faculty of Architecture, Landscape and Design. Another early example of a modern laneway home includes one built by Shim-Sutcliffe Architects in Leslieville in 1992. The architectural firm received approval for the design from the Ontario Municipal Board, after the firm promoted the housing form as a method to take advantage of unutilized spaces. By 2005, there were approximately several dozen laneway homes in Toronto; including several that were raised illegally. The development of laneway houses in Toronto resulted in the municipal government to review their impact on services and their safety in 2006.
Construction of laneway homes in Toronto remained limited until 2018, with earlier by-laws requiring property owners to gain the approval of the municipal planning department before they can build a laneway home. In 2018, the municipal government of Toronto approved a zoning amendment by-law to permit the development of laneway suites on all properties that has a residential designation. The amendment was a response to growing concern around affordable housing, and as an effort to promote "gentle densification" by tapping into roughly 2400 publicly owned laneways spread across the city. As a result of the by-law, there exists approximately of laneways where laneway houses may be built in the city. The majority of these laneways are situated in the old City of Toronto and East York. The municipal government of Toronto also launched the "Laneway Suites Pilot Program" in 2018, providing financial assistance to property owners that build laneway houses for rent; on the condition that the property owner can not raise the price of rent for the laneway home past the city's average market rent for 15 years after it is completed.
Toronto-based architects and architectural firms that have designed laneway houses in the city includes Lanescape, Donald Schmitt, LGA Architectural Partners, Shim-Sutcliffe Architects, and Superkül. Toronto-based builders specializing in laneway houses in the city includes Laneway Home Building Experts and 2x2 Construction, who is estimated to build 10-12 Laneway Homes in 2022 alone.
Vancouver
The introduction to Vancouver of this form of housing was part of an initiative by former Mayor Sam Sullivan as, part of his council's EcoDensity initiative to increase urban density in pre-existing neighbourhoods while retaining the single-family feel of the neighbourhood. Vancouver's average laneway house is , one and a half stories, with one or two bedrooms. Typical regulations require that the laneway home is built in the back half of a traditional lot in the space that is normally reserved for a garage.
In December 2009, the Sustainable Laneway House project began. BC Hydro Power Smart joined Simon Fraser University and the City of Vancouver in championing the project. A host of industrial partners joined the effort by providing expertise, materials and labour, including Smallworks Studio and Laneway Housing, Fortin Terasen Gas, Embedded Automation, Day4 Energy, VerTech Solutions, MSR Innovations and Pulse Energy. Westhouse was showcased at the Yaletown LiveCity site during the Vancouver 2010 Olympic games to over 66,000 people and subsequently moved to its current semi-permanent site at SFU.
Vancouver's first laneway house to be completed under the 2009 laneway house bylaw was the Mendoza Lane House by Lanefab Design/Build. The Mendoza lane house is 710sf and was built on a 33'x122' lot and features a single outdoor parking space. The project was granted an occupancy permit by the City of Vancouver in May 2010.
The first unsubsidized 'net zero' solar powered laneway house was completed in 2012.
In July 2013, an updated set of rules governing laneway house design in Vancouver went into effect. The July 2013 rule update was aimed at making it easier to build one-storey laneway houses, and to address concerns about parking and the use of garages.
Affordability
Like Toronto, housing affordability is an important issue in Vancouver, due to the high density of population in the city.
While the EcoDensity Charter is no longer applicable in Vancouver due to the current council's updated strategies on affordability and Greenest City initiatives, initial concerns around laneway housing and affordability that related to the EcoDensity Charter remain. The approach from the Charter was to increase the supply of housings to help moderate house prices and to reduce the living costs from transportation and energy.
References
House types
Housing in Canada
Rafael Santos (born 13 June 1944) is a Salvadoran sprinter. He competed in the men's 100 metres at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
1944 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Salvadoran male sprinters
Olympic athletes of El Salvador
Place of birth missing (living people)
Central American Games bronze medalists for El Salvador
Central American Games medalists in athletics
Dorothy McCoy (August 9, 1903 – November 21, 2001) was an American mathematician and university professor. She was the first woman to earn a doctorate in mathematics from the University of Iowa, and she worked for many years as a professor of mathematics at Belhaven College and Wayland Baptist College.
Early life and education
McCoy was born on August 9, 1903, in Waukomis, Oklahoma, then part of the Oklahoma Territory, one of two children of a homesteading family. She and the rest of the family moved to Chesapeake, Missouri in 1906 after the death of her father. She received a bachelor's degree from Baylor University in Texas with distinction, worked for a year as a mathematics teacher, and completed a doctorate in mathematics from the University of Iowa in 1929, under the supervision of Edward Wilson Chittenden. Her dissertation was The Complete Existential Theory of Eight Fundamental Properties of Topological Spaces. She earned both degrees at the same time as her younger brother, Neal, who became a professor of mathematics at Smith College. She became the first woman to earn a doctorate in mathematics at the University of Iowa, and (with Winifred Asprey, Barbara Beechler, and Kathryn Powell Ellis) one of only four who did so before 1960.
Later life and career
McCoy became professor and head of the mathematics department at Belhaven College in Mississippi in 1929, and
chaired the Louisiana–Mississippi Section of the Mathematical Association of America in 1937 and 1938. In 1949 she became professor of mathematics and chair of the division of physical and biological sciences at Wayland Baptist College. She was a Fulbright Scholar in 1954, visiting Iraq, and later traveled professionally to many other countries. She also consulted for the US government's missile defense program. She retired as distinguished professor emerita in 1975, "the only member of the faculty to have received the title of both emeritus and distinguished".
She died on November 21, 2001.
Recognition
The Wayland Baptist Association of Former Students gave McCoy their Distinguished Lifetime Service Award in 1999. Wayland Baptist named a dorm in her honor in 2001, and displays a bust of her in one of its buildings.
Two photographs of her are included in the collection of the National Museum of American History, as part of a set of photos on women with doctorates in mathematics.
References
1903 births
2001 deaths
20th-century American mathematicians
American women mathematicians
Baylor University alumni
University of Iowa alumni
Belhaven University
Wayland Baptist University
20th-century American women
Robin Capell (30 September 1934 – 12 April 2014) was a South African cricketer. He played four first-class matches for Eastern Province between 1955 and 1958.
References
External links
1934 births
2014 deaths
South African cricketers
Eastern Province cricketers
Cricketers from Port Elizabeth
The World Parrot Trust is an international charity dedicated to saving parrots.
History
When the Trust was founded in 1989 at Paradise Park in Cornwall, UK, it was decided that the main objective was to promote the survival of all parrot species and the welfare of individual birds, both in the wild and in captivity. The Trust has achieved these aims by funding vital conservation work, research projects and educational programmes, both locally and internationally.
Fundraising
Over its nearly thirty-year span the Trust has raised some $2.0 M US and has used these funds to begin and support conservation and welfare projects in 43 countries for 70 species of parrot. The Trust has expanded globally to include national branches in Africa, Australia, Belgium, Canada, Italy, Netherlands, Scandinavia, Spain and the United States.
Parrot Action Plan
In 1999, the Trust joined with the IUCN to publish the Parrot Action Plan, to help protect 89 species of parrot from habitat destruction and international trade.
References
External links
Animal charities based in the United Kingdom
Organizations established in 1989
Organisations based in Cornwall
Parrots
Duett for trombone and double bass is a musical work by the English composer Edward Elgar.
The duet was composed as wedding gift to Frank Weaver, a brother of Helen Weaver to whom the composer had been engaged some four years earlier, and presented to him on 1 August 1887 when he married Fannie Jones. Weaver was about a year older than Elgar; he was a shoemaker and an amateur double bass player, and Elgar played the trombone. Frank and Helen Weaver were among the children of William Weaver, a shoe merchant whose shop was in Worcester High Street, opposite Elgar's father's music shop.
The manuscript was inherited by one of Frank Weaver's sons, and was eventually published by Rodney Slatford (Yorke Edition) in 1970.
Description
The duet is an Allegretto of length 49 bars. It is in the form of a fugue in which the subject is first played by the double bass then imitated by the trombone a fourth higher.
Notes
References
External links
Chamber music by Edward Elgar
1887 compositions
Instrumental duets
Music dedicated to family or friends
William Radford Coyle (July 10, 1878 – January 30, 1962) was a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
Biography
William R. Coyle was born in Washington, D.C. He attended Columbian College (now George Washington University) in Washington, D.C. in 1898 and 1899. He was a field assistant in the United States Geological Survey from 1896 to 1899. He attended the Naval War College in Newport, Rhode Island in 1900.
He served in the United States Marine Corps, rising to the rank of captain, from 1900 to 1906. He attended the law department of the University of Pennsylvania at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in 1906 and 1907.
He moved to Germantown, Pennsylvania in 1906 and to Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, in 1908. He was school director of Bethlehem from 1912 to 1918. He served as captain of the Fourth Regiment, Pennsylvania National Guard, in 1913, and was commissioned first a captain, and then a major, in the United States Marine Corps in 1918. He was promoted to lieutenant colonel in 1932.
After World War I, he served as president of the American Wholesale Coal Association in 1921 and 1922, and as a trustee to settle the affairs of the Tidewater Coal Exchange from 1922 to 1925.
Coyle was elected as a Republican to the Sixty-ninth Congress, but was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1926. He was elected to the Seventy-first and Seventy-second Congresses, but was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1932, 1936, and 1942. He was a delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1936 and 1944.
He served as chairman of civilian defense in Bethlehem from 1941 to 1945. He worked as vice president of Weston Dodson, from 1932 to 1954, and as chairman of Bethlehem Redevelopment Authority from 1953 to 1959.
He died in Bethlehem, aged 83, and is buried in Nisky Hill Cemetery.
See also
List of United States representatives from Pennsylvania
References
Retrieved on 2008-02-25
The Political Graveyard
External links
1878 births
1962 deaths
American geologists
Columbian College of Arts and Sciences alumni
Naval War College alumni
Military personnel from Pennsylvania
Politicians from Bethlehem, Pennsylvania
United States Marine Corps officers
University of Pennsylvania Law School alumni
American Episcopalians
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania
The Sierra del Lacandón is a low karstic mountain range in Guatemala and Mexico. It is situated in the north-west of the department of El Petén and the south-east of Chiapas. Its highest points are located near the Mexican border at coordinates
and
The range consists of southeast to northwest trending ridges of folded Cretaceous limestone and dolomite hills rising above the lowlands of the Petén Basin.
Sierra del Lacandón National Park
The Sierra del Lacandón National Park is a national park established in 1990. It is part of the Maya Biosphere Reserve and is unique for its biodiversity. It is also considered of great importance for the Mesoamerican Biological Corridor as it connects the protected areas of northern Guatemala with those of southern Mexico, like the Montes Azules Biosphere Reserve in Chiapas.
Several ancient Maya archaeological sites are located within the park boundaries. These include Piedras Negras, El Porvenir, Macabilero, La Pasadita, El Hormiguero, and El Ceibo.
See also
Geography of Guatemala
References
External links
Parkswatch.org
Decreto 5-90
Lacandon
Lacandon
Lacandon
Protected areas established in 1990
Geography of Mesoamerica
Landforms of Chiapas
Usumacinta River
Petén–Veracruz moist forests
The 2016 Sasol GTC Championship was the inaugural season of the Sasol GTC Championship, a South African touring car racing series. The series was scheduled for six rounds, consisting of a total of fourteen races from 9 August until 3 December.
Michael Stephen became the series's first champion, taking seven race wins from the first eight races behind the wheel of an Audi A3 GTC. Daniel Rowe took the title in GTC Production, the second class of the series consisting of production racing cars, driving a Volkswagen Golf GTi. BMW took the manufacturer's title in the GTC Class, while Volkswagen secured the GTC Production title.
Teams and drivers
GTC
GTC Production
Calendar
Championship standings
Points were awarded to the top ten classified finishers as follows:
Additionally, the top three placed drivers in qualifying will also receive points.
Drivers' Standings
References
Touring car racing
In the first edition of the tournament, Yayuk Basuki and Romana Tedjakusuma won the title by walkover, as Ai Sugiyama (one of their opponents) was injured during the singles final, which was played previously.
Seeds
Draw
Draw
References
External links
Official results archive (ITF)
1994 WTA Tour
Commonwealth Bank Tennis Classic
The 1997–98 Nemzeti Bajnokság I, also known as NB I, was the 96th season of top-tier football in Hungary. The league was officially named Raab–Karcher NB1 for sponsoring reasons. The season started on 18 July 1997 and ended on 6 June 1998.
Overview
It was contested by 18 teams, and Újpesti TE won the championship.
League standings
Results
Relegation play-offs
|}
Statistical leaders
Top goalscorers
External links
RSSSF link
Nemzeti Bajnokság I season
1
Hun
Travers is a hamlet in southern Alberta, Canada within Vulcan County. It is located approximately southwest of Highway 1 and southwest of Brooks.
History
Travers was once a booming community along the Canadian Pacific Railway between Medicine Hat and Aldersyde. Travers gets its name from one of the railway's surveyors in 1914.
The first settlers to the area were Pete Brodie, William Dunlop, A. Keene, Tom Emelson, Fred VanHolm, J.W. Murphy, and Sidney Thurlow.
Traver's first grain elevator was built by Home Elevator Co. in 1914 next to the new railway, followed by an Ogilvie and United Grain Growers elevator.
Settlers of the area at the time had to receive their mail at Sundial, 15 miles southwest of Travers. George Shirley opened a post office 4 miles north of Travers in 1909. Soon after another was opened at a store in Rosemead, 3 miles southwest of Travers.
When the railway came Rosemead post office and store was relocated to Travers. With the arrival of the railway, Travers had a bank, barber shop, butcher shop, harness shop, two hardware and lumberyards, two blacksmiths, two livery barns, restaurants and boarding houses, garages and machine dealers, three grocery stores, poolroom, men's clothing store, hotel and real estate office.
Very little remains from the pioneer era of Travers; the last two grain elevators were demolished on January 29, 1989. Many foundations, including the old bank vault, can still be seen along the quiet main street. As of 2000 only one resident remains in Travers.
Demographics
The population of Travers according to the 2007 municipal census conducted by Vulcan County is 0.
See also
List of communities in Alberta
List of hamlets in Alberta
References
Hamlets in Alberta
Vulcan County
Cobra Verde is the sixteenth album by Popol Vuh. It was originally released in 1987 on Milan Records as the original motion picture soundtrack of Werner Herzog's Cobra Verde with Klaus Kinski. In 2006 SPV re-released the album with one bonus track (recorded during the sessions for the 1991 Popol Vuh album For You and Me).
Track listing
All tracks composed by Florian Fricke except where noted.
"Der Tod des Cobra Verde" – 4:35
"Nachts: Schnee" – 1:51
"Der Marktplatz" – 2:30
"Eine andere Welt" – 5:07
"Grab der Mutter" – 4:30
"Die singenden Mädchen von Ho, Ziavi" (Zigi Cultural Troupe Ho, Ziavi) – 6:52
"Sieh nicht überm Meer ist's" – 1:26
"Hab Mut, bis daß die Nacht mit Ruh' und Stille kommt" – 9:32
2006 bonus track
"OM Mani Padme Hum 4" (Piano Version) – 5:28
Personnel
Florian Fricke – piano, synclavier, vocals
Daniel Fichelscher – guitar, percussion, vocals
Renate Knaup – vocals
Guest musicians
Kristen Ritter – vocals (on 1)
Irmgard Hecker – vocals (on 7)
Choir of the Bavarian State Opera
Synclavier programming, recording and digital mastering by Ralph Graf
Track number 6 performed with the singing girls of the Zigi Cultural Troupe Ho, Ziavi
Credits
Recorded at Union Studios, Munich, September 1987
Track number 9 recorded at New African Studio, Munich and Sound Fabrik, Munich, January - April 1991
Produced by Florian Fricke
Track number 9 produced by Florian Fricke and Frank Fiedler
References
External links
Popol Vuh
Comprehensive article & review of every album, in English
featuring the original credits
Popol Vuh (band) soundtracks
1987 soundtrack albums
Drama film soundtracks
Monsen is a surname.
People with the surname
Arild Monsen (born 1962), Norwegian cross-country skier.
Fredrik Monsen (1878–1954), Norwegian politician.
Gabriel Monsen (1798–1882), Norwegian politician.
Georg Monsen (1922–2015), Norwegian football player.
Lars Monsen (born 1963), Norwegian journalist.
Lloyd Monsen (born 1931), American soccer and baseball player.
Magdalon Monsen (1910–1953), Norwegian football player.
Marie Monsen (1878–1962), Norwegian Christian missionary.
Mogens Larsen Monsen (1727–1802), Norwegian timber trader.
Nina Karin Monsen (born 1943), Norwegian philosopher.
Ole Monsen Mjelde (1865–1942), Norwegian politician.
Otto Monsen (1887–1979), Norwegian track and field athlete.
Per Monsen (1913–1985), Norwegian editor.
Per Erik Monsen (1946–2008), Norwegian politician.
Randi Monsen (1910–1997), Norwegian illustrator.
Rolf Monsen (1899–1987), American Olympic skier.
See also
Monson (disambiguation)
Yourself is the 12th single of Dream. The single reached #21 on the weekly Oricon charts and charted for four weeks. Yourself was the image song for the 80th All Japan High School Soccer Tournament. It marked the last time that the group would release a video single.
Track list
"Yourself" (Original)
"Yourself" (Dub's Unrestricted Remix)
"Yourself" (Instrumental)
Credits
Mai Matsumuro (Lyrics)
Kazuhito Kikuchi (Music)
Suzuki Masaya (Arrangement)
External links
Oricon.co.jp
Dream (Japanese group) songs
2002 songs
Songs written by Mai Matsumuro
Avex Trax singles
Bob's Birthday is a 1993 Canadian-British animated short by Alison Snowden and David Fine, winner of the Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film at the 67th Academy Awards, and serves as the pilot to the animated series Bob & Margaret. It features a humorous look at how Margaret plans to throw a surprise birthday party for Bob on his 40th birthday, as he struggles with the sudden impact of middle age. Bob's Birthday has won 10 awards, one of which includes the National Film Board of Canada's 60th Oscar nomination. The film was inspired by the creators, Alison Snowden and David Fine, both turning 30.
Plot
Bob Fish's wife, Margaret, is attempting to throw a surprise birthday celebration for Bob while he is at work; she tells him that they are going to a restaurant when she calls him. Bob works as a dentist and is seemingly going through a mid-life crisis on his 40th birthday. The short film shows Bob staring at a young woman in the office while his wife is at home working on the surprise party. She has a closet full of decorations to make the celebration fun for everyone. Back in the office, one of Bob's patients goes on to tell him that he had read that dentists have the highest suicide rate of all professions and continues to ask about his hours and salary while Bob works on the patient's teeth.
The film continues at Bob and Margaret's home where all of their friends have arrived for the party. As they await Bob's presence, Margaret watches the time and quickly checks the window to notice he is driving down the road and tells the guests to hide until she gives a signal for them to come out. When Bob arrives, he walks directly to the kitchen, disregarding Margaret, and then asks her if she is bothered that they never had children and questions whether he should leave his job as a dentist. The guests continue to hide while Bob goes upstairs to change. As he is changing he comes down the stairs not wearing pants and Margaret frantically tells him to put pants on. He takes this to offence and says that she used to love when he did that, furthering his mid-life crisis even more.
Bob continues speaking about how all of their friends, who are hiding behind couches and listening, are not really their friends and that they do not even like them. He goes on to say that Margaret should find another husband and becomes jealous. Bob yells up to Margaret, who is in the bedroom and upset over the disaster of a surprise party, and says that they should have children. He goes on to ask if she finds him attractive while she brings down pants and trousers for him. Bob goes outside to wait in the car because he still believes they are going out for dinner. Margaret follows him, knowing the party she had planned is now destroyed, and leaves all their friends she had invited behind.
Cast
Production
The short film took two years to complete. The movie had a budget of $335,000, partially financed by the National Film Board of Canada. David Fine and Alison Snowden met as students at the National Film and Television School in 1980, and later went on to produce this Oscar winning short animated film.
Critical reception
The short film has had few critics to share how well the movie portrays a mid-life crisis at the age of 40. One critic review from the Toronto Star in 1995 said "The National Film Board's animated short, Bob's Birthday, Canada's only contender for an Oscar this year, is not a party for kids. It's not a party at all. It's a wry tale of could-be-real, mid-life crisis that animators Alison Snowden and David Fine need just 12 minutes and 18 seconds to tell more effectively than most documentaries on the subject."
The film was a Genie Award nominee for Best Theatrical Short Film at the 15th Genie Awards.
See also
George and Rosemary
Bob and Margaret
References
External links
Watch Bob's Birthday at the National Film Board of Canada
1993 short films
1993 animated films
1993 films
1990s animated short films
Best Animated Short Academy Award winners
British animated short films
Quebec films
Best Animated Short Film Genie and Canadian Screen Award winners
Midlife crisis films
Canadian animated short films
Films directed by Alison Snowden and David Fine
National Film Board of Canada animated short films
English-language Canadian films
1990s English-language films
1990s Canadian films
1990s British films
A slug is a counterfeit coin that is used to make illegal purchases from a coin-operated device, such as a vending machine, payphone, parking meter, transit farebox, copy machine, coin laundry, gaming machine, or arcade game. By resembling various features of a genuine coin, including the weight, size, and shape, a slug is designed to trick the machine into accepting it as a real coin.
Losses caused to vendors by slug usage may be the result of the loss of sales, the absence of revenue following the distribution of merchandise that was obtained at the vendor's expense, or the loss of cash that is distributed by the machine for overpayment with slugs. Honest customers may also suffer losses when change returned for overpayment is in the form of a slug rather than a genuine coin.
Though slug usage is illegal in the United States and elsewhere, prosecution for slug usage is rare due to the low value of the theft and the difficulty in identifying the offender. Offenders in casinos are most likely to be prosecuted, as casinos have high levels of video surveillance and other security measures, and tend to be more proactive in enforcement.
Use of other currencies
In some cases, a slug can be a genuine coin used in another country, with or without knowledge of the user.
Until 2006, the Australian and New Zealand 5-, 10- and 20-cent pieces (previously sixpence, shilling, and florin respectively) were used interchangeably in both countries. These coins were of the same material and size with near identical obverses, so could circulate outside their home country for some time, although the New Zealand coins were worth about 20% less, potentially resulting in a small gain (to those passing them) in Australia and a similar loss in New Zealand.
The 10 Syrian pound coin is often used as a slug in Norway, as the shape and weight of this coin strongly resembles the 20 Norwegian krone coin. While not easy to find in Norway, the Syrian coins are still used in automated machines there with such frequency that Posten Norge, the Norwegian postal service, decided to close many of their coins-to-cash machines on February 18, 2006, with plans to develop a system able to differentiate between the two coins. In the summer of 2005, a Norwegian man was sentenced to 30 days, suspended, for having used Syrian coins in arcade machines in the municipality of Bærum.
The use of 100 won coins for the slug of 100 yen coins still commonly occurs, contributing to the conflict between Japanese and South Korean citizens. Similarly, until 2000, the South Korean 500 won coin could be modified to match the weight of the original 500 yen coin which was otherwise identical in diameter and composition, and thereby used to fool weight-sensitive vending machines.
From the fall of the Soviet Union to the monetary reform in 1998, the Russian Federation often issued a commemorative one-ruble coin that was identical in size and weight to a 5 Swiss franc coin. For this reason, there have been several instances of these (worthless) ruble coins being used on a large scale to defraud automated vending machines in Switzerland.
In 1988, Thailand started minting a bimetallic ten baht coin that is quite similar to the 2 euro coin (first issue in 2002) in weight, size and appearance. Because it is worth substantially less, it has been used to fool cashiers and automated vending machines since the introduction of physical euro currency.
In the United Arab Emirates in August 2006, it became publicly known that the Philippine one-peso coin had the same size as the 1 United Arab Emirates dirham coin. With one dirham having a value nearly 14 times that of one Philippine peso, this has led to vending machine fraud in the United Arab Emirates.
Composition
Slugs are usually made from metals differing from those of real coins. While genuine US coinage is made from various alloys of copper, nickel, and zinc, Canadian coins are made mostly from steel with some copper and nickel, and euro coins are made from steel, nickel, and brass, slugs are frequently made from differing metals and alloys that are cheaper to obtain and mold, such as aluminum, tin, and lead.
Slugs may or may not have the face details of real coins. Some slugs that are made to match the face details may not be immediately recognizable as such to handlers, and may enter circulation.
Older, cheaper, and other low-tech machines that have fewer security measures are more likely to be defrauded by slug users. As an example, the fully mechanical mechanisms used in the traditional type of small vending machines that distribute candy or toys, and that can still often be found today at the entrances and/or exits of grocery stores and other retailers, can be fooled by cardboard coins. Many newer machines, especially those found in casinos, have additional detection that can identify more details of coins and detect those that do not resemble real coins.
See also
Coin counterfeiting
Coin rolling scams
Counterfeit money
Gresham's Law
References
Coins
Counterfeit money
Exonumia
Metallic objects
ASOS or Asos may refer to:
Asos, a village in Greece
ASOS (retailer), a UK online fashion store
Association Sportive Oussou Saka, a Beninese football team
Automated Surface Observing System, a type of weather station
Air Support Operations Squadron, US Air Force, see List of United States Air Force air support operations squadrons
A Saucerful of Secrets, the second album by Pink Floyd
ASOS Brigade, a live-action fictional group to support the English dub release of the Haruhi Suzumiya anime television series.
The Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education, Rajshahi is an autonomous organization, mainly responsible for holding two public examinations (SSC & HSC). The Board started its operation in the year 1961.
Background
Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education, Rajshahi was founded in the year 1961, which led to creation of a separate education zone in the northern Bangladesh (erstwhile East Pakistan) from administrative and educational control of the Dhaka Education Board at the Secondary and Intermediate level of education. The Governor (of East Pakistan) was promulgated the ordinance of 1961 vide no. XXXIII-1961 (and its amendments No. XVI of 1962 and No. XVII of 1977), called the Intermediate and Secondary Education Ordinance 1961. The board's jurisdiction is Rajshahi Division.
Purpose
The board is responsible for organization, regulation, supervision, control and development of intermediate and secondary education, holding public examinations, both Secondary School Certificate and Higher Secondary School Certificate. As an important agency of the government, board's purpose is multiple and widespread in rationalizing the vision of the govt.'s educational policy and ensuring its implementation within its assigned jurisdiction.
District under Rajshahi Education Board
Bogra District
Chapai Nawabganj District
Joypurhat District
Naogaon District
Natore District
Pabna District
Rajshahi District
Sirajganj District
See also
List of colleges affiliated with Rajshahi Education Board
List of Intermediate and Secondary Education Boards in Bangladesh
References
External links
Official website
Education Boards of Bangladesh
Directorate of Secondary and Higher Education in Bangladesh
Education in Rajshahi
Education Board in Bangladesh
Government boards of Bangladesh
The Sheng Jing () Hospital was founded by Dugald Christie (missionary) (1855-1936), a Scottish missionary doctor in 1883. It was the base on which the Mukden Medical College was formed, also by Christie, in 1912. In 1949 the Mukden Medical College was absorbed by the China Medical University and the hospital became known as the 2nd Affiliated hospital of the China Medical University. In 1969 it was moved, by Chairman Mao, to Chaoyang but returned to Shenyang in 1983. In 2002 the hospital took over the Third Affiliated Hospital of the China Medical University and set up the Huaxiang Campus. In 2003, on the 120th anniversary of its founding, it restored the name as Shenjing Hospital. It is situated near the famous San Hao Jie (Computer town)三好街. The hospital is one of the largest hospitals in the city of Shenyang, Liaoning Province. Its motto is "United and dedicated; Disciplined and responsible; Caring and trustworthy; Professional and innovative."
In 2012 a history of the hospital and Dr Christie was published by Liaoning University Press.
The hospital is known for its famous specialists clinic.
Address:36 No.3 Street, Heping District
Telephone:+86-24-2389 2620
Departments
Neurology
Cardiology
Dermatology
Ophthalmology
Stomatology
Otolaryngology
Pulmonology
Pediatrics
Neuro-surgery
Cardio-surgery
Thoracic Surgery
Orthopedics
Anesthesia
General Surgery
Gynecology and Obstetrics
Infectious disease
Trauma Centre
Integrated Clinic Of TCM and Western Medicine
Radiology
See also
Mukden Medical College
China Medical University (PRC)
References
Gallery
External links
Official Site of Sheng Jing Hospital
Ministry Of Health,PRC
China Medical University
China Medical University -English Version
Hospitals in Liaoning
Teaching hospitals in China
Buildings and structures in Shenyang
Hospitals established in 1883
1883 establishments in China
Impossible Subjects: Illegal Aliens and the Making of Modern America, is a Frederick Jackson Turner Award-winning book by historian Mae M. Ngai published by Princeton University Press in 2004.
Synopsis
In part one, Ngai begins with discussing the implications of immigration restriction in the 1920s by particularly focusing on border patrol and immigration policy which she argues results in a changing discourse about race. In part II, she focuses on migrants from the Philippines and Mexico by discussing their role in the U.S. economy and how they challenged cultural norms about the traditional work force. In part III, Ngai examines the shift of regulations around Japanese-Americans and Chinese-Americans especially their eligibility for citizenship. She uses Japanese internment camps as evidence of their lack of legal and social inclusion in the United States. In part IV, she analyzes the next era in immigration policy which she suggests is embodied in the Hart-Celler Act. She discusses how immigration policy was affected during the years of 1945-1965 by World War II. She concludes part IV by showing how the immigration policies during the time period after 1965 contributed to increased illegal immigration and heightened a seemingly unsolvable problem going forward.
Methodology & Sources
Ngai utilizes a dense amount of primary source material in Impossible Subjects. The sources used cover a wide range of mediums. Some examples are personal writings, oral histories, photographs, government documents, court rulings, and contemporary books. All of these, but primarily the court rulings and government documents, are utilized by Ngai in constructing her argument.
Given that Ngai is a U.S. legal and political historian, she uses many court cases throughout her book in order to show the flexible nature of U.S. legislation and public opinion regarding immigration. The court cases are also used to show how the United States judicial system and the government approached the legality of immigration and assimilation over time. Furthermore, they are used to reflecting racial attitudes by the United States government and citizenry, such as through the racial language used in their composition.
Background
Impossible Subjects was written by Mae M. Ngai and published in 2004 by Princeton University Press. Impossible Subjects was Ngai's first full-length book, and she has also published a number of works in major newspapers and academic journals. Ngai graduated from Empire State College with a B.A. and went on to Columbia University where she earned her M.A. in 1993 and her Ph.D in 1998. Currently, Ngai is a professor of Asian American Studies and History at Columbia University in New York City and focuses on the invention of racial categories, specifically looking at the creation of Chinese racial categories. Impossible Subjects won six different awards, including the Theodore Salutos Prize, which was given to Ngai by the Immigration and Ethnic History society, and the Berkshire Conference of Women Historians First Book Prize. The book examines legislation, court cases, and attitudes in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries that affected immigration. Through Ngai's analyses of these factors, readers are shown the long-lasting impacts these cases have had on the American public's views on ‘illegal aliens' and how ‘illegal aliens' became “impossible subjects.”
Content
Introduction
"Illegal Aliens: A Problem of Law and History"
Ngai explains the purpose of the book saying, "immigrants are integral to the historical processes that define and redefine the nation." She breaks the introduction into three sections which are "Immigration and Citizenship," "Immigration Policy and the Production of Racial Knowledge," and "Nationalism and Sovereignty." She also begins to discuss several immigration laws that were enacted throughout the history of the U.S. including the Johnson-Reed Act of 1924. Lastly, she says that she does not want to resolve the problems of immigration policy, but rather to inform the reader of how flexible legislation and public opinion are. She frequently underlines how immigration laws created new race categories and were aimed at maintaining whiteness.
Part I: The Regime of Quotas and Papers
Chapter One: "The Johnson-Reed Act of 1924 and the Reconstruction of Race in Immigration Law"
Chapter one gives a detailed description of the context and lead up to the restrictive immigration laws that are subsequently covered in the book. It talks about how anti-immigrant nativist groups, influenced by an ending industrial revolution that negated the need for a constant source of cheap labor (among other factors), began demanding and passing tough immigration laws that restricted or sometimes outright banned immigration from European and Asian countries. The chapter talks about how the national law that came from this sentiment, known as the Johnson-Reed Act of 1924, divided European peoples into differing levels of "whiteness" defined by nationality and based their quotas on that. Ngai includes a table of the U.S. immigration quotas based on national origin (beginning on July 1, 1929) for the purpose of showing how the United States divided Europeans and non-Europeans into these differing levels of "whiteness." Ngai goes on to explain how Asians, most of whom were outright banned, took their cases to court but the bans however, remained law. This was all backed up by science and defined legal terminology, but both the scientific community and the supposedly definitive courts remained in dispute trying to justify their actions. The chapter ends by talking about how Mexicans and other Americans south of the United States were left unaffected by this law which, as their agricultural labor was still necessary, deemed them "white". Nevertheless, nativists would now turn their attention to them.
Chapter Two: "Deportation Policy and the Making and Unmaking of Illegal Aliens"
“Deportation Policy” provides a look at the laws and actions against illegal aliens in the United States following the passage of the 1924 Johnson-Reed Act and how these actions framed illegal aliens as “impossible subjects.” Within this chapter, Ngai discusses some of the moral outrage these new policies inspired. Ngai specifically looks at how immigrants were ranked in terms of social desirability to determine their deportation status, which also highlighted the racial undertones that existed in a political and legal context in the United States. She also shows how ideas of eugenics and morality were used to justify the deportation of illegal aliens to their homeland. Ngai's work in this chapter helps to explain how Mexicans were defined as the “iconic illegal alien.”
Part II: Migrants at the Margins of Law and Nation
Chapter Three: "From Colonial Subject to Undesirable Alien: Filipino Migration in the Invisible Empire"
Following the Spanish–American War the United States acquired the Philippines as a colony. Justified by imperial thinking, and social Darwinism the West Pacific became viewed as means for expansion. The Philippines was denied statehood, through the legality of the Insular Cases, and viewed as uncooperative, and incapable of self-rule by American imperialists. Filipinos were thus granted limited rights based on their colonial status. However, because of this colonial status Filipinos were able to migrate to the United States regardless of quotas or exclusionary acts. During the 1920s there was the mass migration of Filipinos to major metropolitan areas. Throughout World War I employers recruited Filipino workers to work in mainland America.
As a result of this increase in the Filipino population was backlash, official efforts encouraged Filipinos to stay (or return to) the Philippines. However, within the 1920s Filipinos replaced Japanese farmers (who now faced quotas because of the immigration act of 1924) and found employment within the service sector on the West Coast. However, Filipinos faced retaliation by whites who claimed Filipinos were saturating the agricultural section with cheap labor (and taking their jobs). Many Filipinos faced Anti-Filipino attacks, and institutionalized disregard for their safety and well-being. Filipinos faced wage discrimination.
Chapter Four: "Braceros, 'Wetbacks,' and the National Boundaries of Class"
Within Chapter Four: "Braceros, 'Wetbacks,' and the National Boundaries of Class", Ngai provides a chronological explanation on the buildup and beginnings of the bracero program, its difficulties, racial implications, and issues with illegal immigration over the span of two decades. Ngai explains the development of the modern Mexican-America class, a group that "did not belong," plagued by racial mistreatment, stereotypes, and threat detainment, interrogation, and deportation. Explained in depth are the policies and actions of the INS in regards to carrying out repatriation towards Mexican migrants, especially in regards to Operation Wetback.
Part III: War, Nationalism, and Alien Citizenship
Chapter Five: "The World War II Internment of Japanese Americans and the Citizenship Renunciation Cases"
Chapter Six: "The Cold War Chinese Immigration Crisis and the Confession Cases"
Part IV: Pluralism and Nationalism in Post-World War II Immigration Reform
Chapter Seven: "The Liberal Critique and Reform of Immigration Policy"
Critical reception
In his review in The New Yorker, Louis Menard praises Ngai's book for demonstrating how the categories of "legal" and "illegal" immigrants "are administrative constructions, always subject to change; they do not tell us anything about the desirability of the persons so constructed."
Awards
2005 Frederick Jackson Turner Award
2005 Lora Romero First Book Publication Prize, American Studies Association
2004 Co-winner of History Book Award, Association for Asian American Studies
2004 Co-winner of the First Book Prize, Berkshire Conference of Women Historians
2004 Littleton-Griswold Prize, American Historical Association
2004 Theodore Saloutos Book Award, Immigration and Ethnic History Society
References
Sources
Ngai, Mae M. (2014). Impossible Subjects: Illegal Aliens and the Making of Modern America. Princeton University Press. .
2004 non-fiction books
History books about the United States
Princeton University Press books
Stéphane Bré (born 29 March 1966 in Saint-Brieuc) is a French football referee. He has refereed in the French Football Federation (FFF) since 1992 and has been a FIFA referee since 1998.
Bré has officiated the 2000 Olympic tournament in Sydney. He also served as a referee in qualifiers for the Euro 2000 and 2002 World Cup tournaments.
References
Profile
1966 births
Living people
French football referees
Olympic football referees
Everywhere We Go is a ballet choreographed by Justin Peck and scored by Sufjan Stevens. The ballet is plotless, danced by a cast of 25 and features nine sections. This is the second collaboration between Peck and Stevens, following Year of the Rabbit (2012). Everywhere We Go was created for the New York City Ballet (NYCB), and premiered on May 8, 2014, at the David H. Koch Theater, during NYCB's spring gala. The success of the ballet led to Peck's appointment as resident choreographer of NYCB, as the second person to hold the position.
Development
Choreographer Justin Peck and indie singer-songwriter Sufjan Stevens first collaborated on Year of the Rabbit (2012), which is set to the latter's album Enjoy Your Rabbit, for the New York City Ballet. Stevens initially hated ballet, but Peck convinced him to watch various ballets and be educated on the art form. He ultimately agreed to let Peck use his album, and Year of the Rabbit received critical acclaim. After Year of the Rabbit, Peck suggested to Stevens that they collaborate again, this time with original music. Stevens was initially hesitant as he rarely works with large organizations like the NYCB, and he was unsure whether he had any ideas, but he agreed to working on another ballet anyway. This would be Peck's sixth piece for NYCB. Peck and Stevens' attempted to have a conceptual conversation about the score would be, though they ultimately decided to start working on the ballet without a concept. However, they decide to make the ballet plotless since Peck mainly choreographs abstract ballets.
When composing, Stevens would upload sketches he wrote on the piano or guitar on a server for Peck, with suggestions for the steps or which dancer perform that part, and Peck would develop the choreography from Stevens' ideas, then show it to him. The two also had what Stevens called a "veto system", with Peck rejecting compositions he found not suitable. Stevens said, "A lot of the music is developed from repetition and rhythmic variation and counting—not just time signatures, but an emphasis on dynamics and accents. It's not technically difficult, but lends itself to the athleticism and technicality of City Ballet." Peck also noted "There has been a lot of dialogue back and forth about the structure of the dance, and what is happening during certain moments in the music." The score was arranged by Michael P. Atkinson. Peck and Stevens went through the orchestration "in a very meticulous way." Stevens conceived the title of the ballet and the subtitles for the nine sections, which Peck called "placeholder" titles for Stevens. Comparing the process between songwriting and composing a ballet, Stevens found that in songwriting "you just follow the muse, narrative, the melody, and this inherent story", but "writing for ballet is much more utilitarian, so I have a greater consideration for rhythm and movement and dynamic with very exact functions." Stevens called his experience on this ballet as "kind of power pop and really, really dynamic and celebratory and unabashedly fun."
Janie Taylor was approached by Peck to design the costumes. Taylor, who retired as principal of NYCB in early 2014, often made her own leotards in classes. She was supervised by Marc Happel, the head of NYCB's costume department. When Taylor designed the costumes, she only heard the music, and Peck provided ideas on he wanted the costumes look like. She only saw the choreography after the designs were complete. The women are dressed in striped leotards, while the men are in black and grey attires, both with a red band at the waist. She had the women wear dyed white pointe shoes, even though she knew that the dancers do not like them, and she personally felt the dyed shoes are harder than the typical pink ones.
The decor is designed by architect and artist Karl Jensen, who had no prior experience with set design. The set featured two muslin drops, dyed in three tones with patterned cutouts, and forms different patterns as the drops move up and down. Brandon Stirling Baker, a frequent collaborator of Peck, designed the lighting.
In April 2014, few weeks before the premiere of Everywhere We Go, the New York City Ballet released a short film of the ballet featuring Tiler Peck, Teresa Reichlen and Amar Ramasar. It was directed by Jody Lee Lipes, who worked with Peck on the documentary Ballet 422. The same month, few excerpts and some of its designs were revealed at Work & Process at the Guggenheim.
Choreography and music
The ballet contains nine sections:
The Shadows Will Fall Behind
Happiness Is a Perfume
I Breathe the Air of Mountains and Their Unapproachable Heights
To Live in the Hearts We Leave Behind
There Is Always the Sunshine
Every Flower That Stirs the Elastic Sod
I Am in the House and I Have the Key
The Gate of Heaven Is Love
Thanks to the Human Heart by Which We Live
The ballet is danced by four principal women, three principal men, three demi-soloist couples, and a corps de ballet of six men and six women. The ballet is plotless. Dance critic Zoë Anderson called the ballet "full of variety and changing moods." She described "Corps and soloists often overlap, with principals emerging from the group and merging back into it." She also noted, "Everywhere We Go emphasises the ensemble, which will interrupt duets or spin its own complex patterns. The title suggests a sense of shared community, which also appears in how the dancers interact"
For The Oxford Handbook of Contemporary Ballet, Mindy Aloff wrote, "Everywhere We Go is built on images of community, tribes, and group ritual, but it is cast with an attention to hierarchy," for its division between the principal dancers and the corps. Aloff noted one of the principal woman, often performed by a taller dancer, never partners with others and "serves as a kind of muse or guiding ideal." Aloff found that "Several sustained pas de deux present different kinds of relationships." She also observed that "The ballerinas, as in Balanchine's works, are given real technical challenges, from all parts of the classical lexicon."
Both Aloff and Anderson noted a motif in the ballet, which occurs twice, when the dancers are scattered on stage, they begin to fall, but other dancers catch them. Peck explained this scene to Aloff, "There is something shocking and jarring about seeing someone who is healthy have the life leave the body. You remember how fleeting life is and how fragile we are. This is a superhuman ballet, and I wanted to remind the audience that these are human beings—and they're all going to die. But no one hits the ground alone."
On the score, Pitchfork described "it wasn't just the instrumentation that sounded like Stevens. The same weird chord progressions that cast a theme of doomed hopefulness over Stevens' work, from his quiet folk songs to his grander, louder pieces, was present here. Just when things start to get dark in a Sufjan Stevens song, he'll throw in a wink of humor to add some levity, in the form of an unusual sound or beat." Like the choreography, there are also motifs in the score, such as "A series of steady piano notes at the root of a song."
Original cast
The principal dancers in the original cast were:
Maria Kowroski
Sterling Hyltin
Tiler Peck
Teresa Reichlen
Robert Fairchild
Andrew Veyette
Amar Ramasar
Performances
Everywhere We Go premiered on May 8, 2014, at the David H. Koch Theater, during the company's spring gala, conducted by Michael P. Atkinson.
The Australian Ballet debuted the ballet in September 2022.
Critical reception
New York Times dance critic Alastair Macaulay commented, "a work both diffuse and brilliant whose rich supply of configurations, phrases and rhythms often (if not always) suggests that young Mr. Peck can do anything he wants with choreography: a virtuoso of the form." For DanceTabs, Marina Harss wrote, "Like Paz de la Jolla and Year of the Rabbit before it, Everwhere We Go is ingenious, imaginative, fast-paced, complex, densely packed. Peck has the mind of a mathematician; he finds ways to subdivide the stage and keep the eye continually guessing... The body is also subdivided in surprising ways... And he hears everything in the music, peeling away layers and showing sounds we might otherwise miss."
References
External links
Everywhere We Go on New York City Ballet's website
2014 ballet premieres
Ballets by Justin Peck
Sufjan Stevens
New York City Ballet repertory
Ali Salem al-Beidh (; born 10 February 1939) is a Yemeni politician who served as the General Secretary of the Yemeni Socialist Party (YSP) in South Yemen and as Vice President of Yemen following the unification in 1990. He left the unification government in 1993, sparking the 1994 civil war in Yemen and then went into exile in Oman. He is a leader of the Southern independence movement known as Al Hirak.
Leadership in South Yemen
He studied for a Commerce degree and became a School Teacher in Mukalla in 1961. He joined the National Liberation Front in 1963 as the Local Committee founder in Mukalla, and went underground in 1965. In 1966 he was admitted into the Hadramawt Provincial Committee of the NLF. After independence he joined the YSP. In 1971 he was selected as the General Secretary of the Hadhramawt Provincial Committee and was admitted into the YSP National Central Committee as a Candidate-Member. Selected as Full Member of the Central Committee in 1975, well as Deputy Minister for School Education and Vocational Training. In 1977, he was admitted as Candidate Member for the YSP Politburo, and a full Politburo member in 1981. Ali took the top position in the YSP following a 12-day 1986 civil war between forces loyal to former chairman Abdul Fattah Ismail and then-chairman Ali Nasir Muhammad. An Ismail ally, he took control after Muhammad's defeat and defection and Ismail's disappearance. In a coup that took the lives of anywhere from 4,000 to 10,000 people, Ali was one of the few high-ranking officials who survived.
Suffering a loss of more than half its aid from the Soviet Union from 1986 to 1989 and an interest in possible oil reserves on the border between the countries, Ali's government worked toward unification with North Yemen officials.
Unification and Civil War
Following the unification of South Yemen with the Yemen Arab Republic in 1990, he took up the position of vice-president in the transition government of unified Yemen. But in 1993, Ali quit the government and returned to the former Southern capital of Aden, claiming that the new government was systematically marginalizing the southern people ignoring the needs of the south. On 21 May 1994, as the South's military position weakened, Ali declared the Democratic Republic of Yemen. He served as the only President of the DRY, from 21 May to 7 July 1994. Ali fled to the neighboring Sultanate of Oman after the secession failed.
South Yemen movement
After fifteen years of living in exile Ali Salim al-Beidh resumed his political career on the eve of the 19th anniversary of the Yemeni unification. This came amid highly escalating tensions in the south, with clashes and violence between protesters and Yemeni security forces. In a televised speech from Kitzbühel, Austria, the former President called for a return of South Yemen. Since then he has called for several demonstrations to demonstrate the strength of the movement. These have continued into 2011. As a result of his increased involvement, he lost his right to stay in Oman after violating the conditions of his citizenship. Following the 2011 Yemeni uprising, he renewed calls for reinstating South Yemen as a separate country.
See also
South Yemen insurgency
2009 speech
References
1939 births
Living people
Yemeni Socialist Party politicians
Vice presidents of Yemen
Renaissance studies (also Renaissance and Early Modern Studies) is the interdisciplinary study of the Renaissance and early modern period. The field of study often incorporates knowledge from history, art history, literature, music, architecture, history of science, philosophy, classics, and medieval studies.
Renaissance studies programs exist at several universities, either as an independent field of study or as a subset of medieval studies, including the UCLA Center for Medieval and Renaissance Studies at University of California, Los Angeles.
See also
medieval studies
References
Fields of history
The 2010–11 Syrian Premier League season is the 40th since its establishment. Al-Jaish are the defending champions, having won their 11th Syrian League title in the previous season for the first time since 2003. The campaign began on 29 October 2010 and will end in May 2011. A total of 14 teams contest the league, 12 of which already contested in the 2009–10 season and two of which were promoted from the League 2nd Division.
The season was suspended due to the ongoing events of 2011 in Syria.
Teams
Jableh, and Afrin were relegated to the League 2nd Division after finishing the 2009–10 season in the bottom two places. Afrin made their immediate return to the second level after just one year in the Syrian top flight, while Jableh ended more than a thirteen-year tenure in Syrian League Where he achieved, including the league title once and runner-up time.
The relegated teams were replaced by 2009–10 2nd Division champion North Group Al-Futowa from Deir ez-Zor and The champion of the southern group Hutteen from Latakia. Hutteen and Al-Futowa returned to the highest Syrian football league for the after one year just in the 2nd Division.
Stadia and locations
Personnel and sponsoring
Managerial changes
League table
Results
Play-off for AFC Cup qualification
Since the season was suspended, no league champion was awarded for 2010–11. To decide which team would represent Syria in the 2012 AFC Cup besides cup winner Al-Ittihad, a play-off tournament was organized. Initially three teams were involved: Al-Wahda, Al-Jaish and Al-Shorta. Al-Wahda later withdrew, so Al-Jaish and Al-Shorta played two games to determine the winner.
Al-Shorta won 1–0 on aggregate and qualified for the 2012 AFC Cup group stage.
Season statistics
Top goalscorers
Including matches played on 20 March 2011
Source: Kooora and syrian-soccer
Last updated: 20 March 2011
Scoring
First goal of the season: Jaja Santana for Al-Wathba against Al-Karamah, 7 minutes (29 October 2010).
Fastest goal in a match: 7 minutes – Jaja Santana for Al-Wathba against Al-Karamah (29 October 2010).
Discipline
First red card of the season: Zakariya Bodaqa for Omayya against Tishreen, 90 minutes (29 October 2010).
References
External links
Details at goalzz.com
Details at syrian-soccer.com
Details at kooora.com
Syrian Premier League seasons
1
Syria
William Fulljames (28 December 1888 – 27 August 1959) was an English professional footballer who played as a centre-half.
References
1888 births
1959 deaths
People from Cleethorpes
English footballers
Association football defenders
Grimsby Rovers F.C. players
St James United F.C. players
Grimsby Town F.C. players
Cleethorpes Victoria F.C. players
Goole Town F.C. players
Scunthorpe United F.C. players
Coventry City F.C. players
Nuneaton Borough F.C. players
Caerphilly F.C. players
English Football League players
Paradicula setifer is a species of sole known only from the Pacific coast of Australia. This species is the only known member of its genus.
References
Soleidae
Fish described in 1927
Fish of Australia
Henry County is a county located in east central Indiana, United States. As of 2020, the population was 48,914. The county seat and largest and only city is New Castle. Henry County is the main setting of the novel Raintree County by Ross Lockridge Jr.
History
Henry County was formed in 1822 from the Delaware New Purchase resulting from the Treaty of St. Mary's in 1818. It was named for Patriot Patrick Henry, governor of Virginia.
Geography
According to the 2010 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 99.25%) is land and (or 0.75%) is water.
Cities
New Castle
Towns
Unincorporated areas
Townships
Reservoirs
Castle Lake
Giboney Lake
Haven, Lake
Summit Lake Reservoir
Westwood Park Reservoir
Adjacent counties
Delaware County (north)
Randolph County (northeast)
Wayne County (east)
Fayette County (southeast)
Rush County (south)
Hancock County (southwest)
Madison County (northwest)
Major highways
Sources: National Atlas, U.S. Census Bureau
Interstate 70
U.S. Route 35
U.S. Route 36
U.S. Route 40
State Road 3
State Road 38
State Road 103
State Road 109
State Road 140
State Road 234
State Road 236
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in New Castle have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1994 and a record high of was recorded in June 1988. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in May.
Government
The county government is a constitutional body, and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana, and by the Indiana Code.
County Council: The county council is the legislative branch of the county government and controls all the spending and revenue collection in the county. Representatives are elected from county districts. The council members serve four-year terms. They are responsible for setting salaries, the annual budget, and special spending. The council also has limited authority to impose local taxes, in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval, excise taxes, and service taxes.
County Commissioners: The executive body of the county is made of a board of commissioners. The commissioners are elected county-wide, in staggered terms, and each serves a four-year term. One of the commissioners, typically the most senior, serves as president. The commissioners are charged with executing the acts legislated by the council, collecting revenue, and managing the day-to-day functions of the county government.
County Courts: The county maintains three courts. Circuit Court I, Circuit Court II and Circuit Court III . The judge on the court is elected to a term of four years and must be a member of the Indiana Bar Association. In some cases, court decisions can be appealed to the state level circuit court.
County Officials: The county has several other elected offices, including sheriff, coroner, auditor, treasurer, recorder, surveyor, and circuit court clerk Each of these elected officers serves a term of four years and oversees a different part of county government. Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and to be residents of the county.
Henry County is part of Indiana's 6th congressional district; Indiana Senate district 28; and Indiana House of Representatives districts 54 and 56.
Demographics
2020 Census
As of the census of 2020, there were 48,914 people, 18,387 households, and 9,489 families living in the town. The population density was . There were 20,952 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 93.8% White, 2.2% African American, 1.1% Asian, 0.02% Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander, 0.2% Native American or Alaska Native, 0.8% from other races, and 3.4% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.2% of the population.
There were 18,387 households, of which 20.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.7% were married couples living together, 25.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 17.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 7.6% were non-families. 42.7% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 2.96.
26.8% of the population had never been married. 48.0% of residents were married and not separated, 7.0% were widowed, 16.4% were divorced, and 1.8% were separated.
The median age in the town was 42.0. 5.0% of residents were under the age of 5; 20.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 79.3% were age 18 or older; and 18.9% were age 65 or older. 9.5% of the population were veterans.
The most common language spoken at home was English with 98.5% speaking it at home, 1.0% spoke Spanish at home, 0.2% spoke other Indo-European languages, 0.2% spoke an Asian or Pacific Islander language at home, and 0.1% spoke other languages. 0.5% of the population were foreign born.
The median household income in Henry County was $51,104, 9.0% less than the median average for the state of Indiana. 13.9% of the population were in poverty, including 19.3% of residents under the age of 18. The poverty rate for the town was 1% higher than that of the state. 18.5% of the population were disabled and 6.8% had no healthcare coverage. 43.8% of the population had attained a high school or equivalent degree, 21.1% had attended college but received no degree, 9.0% had attained an Associate's degree or higher, 10.7% had attained a Bachelor's degree or higher, and 5.6% had a graduate or professional degree. 9.8% had no degree. 50.7% of Henry County residents were employed, working a mean of 40.0 hours per week. The median gross rent in Henry County was $697 and the homeownership rate was 74.4%. 1,998 housing units were vacant at a density of .
2010 Census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 49,462 people, 19,077 households, and 13,020 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 21,288 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 95.7% white, 2.2% black or African American, 0.3% Asian, 0.1% American Indian, 0.4% from other races, and 1.2% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.4% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 19.9% were German, 13.3% were American, 11.8% were Irish, and 9.1% were English.
Of the 19,077 households, 31.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.1% were married couples living together, 11.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 31.8% were non-families, and 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 2.94. The median age was 41.4 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,697 and the median income for a family was $52,701. Males had a median income of $42,628 versus $30,226 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,879. About 10.2% of families and 13.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 20.0% of those under age 18 and 8.8% of those age 65 or over.
Recreation
Summit Lake State Park
Westwood Park
Notable people
Omar Bundy, Major General, World War One
William Grose, Major General, Civil War
Robert Indiana, artist
Arthur C. Mellette, first Governor of South Dakota
Wilbur Wright, aviation pioneer
Steve Alford, NCAA basketball coach and former player
Kent Benson, Former NCAA and NBA basketball player
Ira Hough, Medal of Honor recipient, 1864
Clessie Cummins, inventor
Edward Black (soldier), Civil War
Solomon Meredith, Major General, Civil War
Thomas J. Graves, Medal of Honor recipient
William Zion, Medal of Honor recipient
Edward E. Moore, Indiana state senator and Los Angeles City Council member
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Henry County, Indiana
References
External links
New Castle Henry County Chamber of Commerce
Henry County Convention & Visitors Bureau
Henry County Government Site
Henry County collection, Rare Books and Manuscripts, Indiana State Library
Indiana counties
1822 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1822
Marine Fighter Squadron 911 (VMF-911) was an aircraft squadron of the United States Marine Corps during World War II. Known as the “Devilcats”, it served as a training squadron during the war, and was decommissioned in early 1946.
History
World War II
VMF-911 was formed on June 25, 1944, at Marine Corps Auxiliary Airfield Kinston, North Carolina, under Major James B. Moore. Initial training was on the F4U Corsair but 911 transitioned to the F7F Tigercat in February 1945, the second Marine Corps squadron to receive the twin-engine Grumman (after VMFN-531; see Location and Allowance of US Naval Aircraft, 13 February 1945). In mid-August 1945, led by Major Robert T. Kingsbury, 911 was sent to Marine Corps Air Station Miramar, California from which it was to deploy to Okinawa, Japan to support Operation Downfall the planned invasion of Japan.
Following Japan's surrender, VMF-911 aviators, aircraft, and a small number of ground personnel deployed from Miramar to Okinawa. Upon arrival, the squadron's assets and personnel were absorbed by VMF-312 and remained so until their return to the United States in February 1946. During its time overseas, VMF-312 adopted the Devilcat insignia and nickname. The squadron was disestablished on March 15, 1946.
See also
United States Marine Corps Aviation
List of active United States Marine Corps aircraft squadrons
List of decommissioned United States Marine Corps aircraft squadrons
Citations
References
Bibliography
Web
Fighting911
Inactive units of the United States Marine Corps
The greater wagtail-tyrant (Stigmatura budytoides) is a South American species of bird in the family Tyrannidae. A small bird, but larger than the related lesser wagtail-tyrant. The greater wagtail-tyrant occurs in two distinct populations: One in woodland and shrub in southeastern Bolivia, western Paraguay, and central and northwestern Argentina, and a second in the Caatinga region in northeastern Brazil. The latter is sometimes considered a separate species, the Caatinga wagtail-tyrant (S. gracilis).
References
greater wagtail-tyrant
Birds of the Caatinga
Birds of the Gran Chaco
greater wagtail-tyrant
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
This is a list of members of the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly from 2001 to 2004.
Liberal member Gary Humphries resigned on 25 November 2002 to take up the position in the Australian Senate that had been vacated by Margaret Reid. The vacancy was filled by Liberal Jacqui Burke.
Helen Cross was expelled from the Liberal Party on 23 September 2002 after tensions with other party members. She served out the remainder of her term as an independent.
See also
2001 Australian Capital Territory general election
Members of Australian Capital Territory parliaments by term
21st-century Australian politicians
Bitten is a 2008 Canadian black comedy vampire film directed by Harv Glazer. It stars Jason Mewes as a paramedic who rescues Danika (Erica Cox), a female vampire, from an alley way.
Plot
Jack, a paramedic, is frustrated with his life after he breaks up with his girlfriend. He discovers a girl (Danika) in an alleyway covered in blood, clinging to life. Jack takes Danika in and soon discovers that she is a vampire.
Jack and Danika try to find a way to feed her cravings to drink blood while killing as little as possible. All their attempts end without success because a vampire needs fresh human blood. Jack also must find places to hide the bodies in his apartment, including the body of his ex-girlfriend, who had gone to his apartment to reclaim several of her possessions before Danika had bitten and killed her. Jack discovers upon his ex-girlfriend's corpse reanimating into a vampire (and having to kill her when she attacks him in a rage) that only a stab to the heart will kill a vampire.
When Danika becomes more violent, killing several people, including a young woman, Jack is forced to kill her with the help of Roger, his paramedic co-worker and friend. Roger stabs Danika in the heart while she attacks Jack and kills her, but not before Jack is bitten. Jack becomes a vampire, cared for by Roger, who feeds him from a dish of blood.
Cast
Release
It aired on Sci Fi Channel on March 15, 2009. RHI Entertainment released it on DVD on July 6, 2010.
Reception
Mark Voger of NJ.com recommended it to fans of Mewes and said that the film, despite its "considerable flaws", is better than many competitors. R.L. Shaffer of IGN rated it 3/10 stars and wrote, "Bitten had tremendous potential to be pretty darn amusing, but it fails on nearly every conceivable level." Steve Barton of Dread Central rated it 2.5/5 stars and wrote that the film's tone is ruined by out-of-place slapstick. Annie Riordan of Brutal as Hell wrote that the film remains entertaining despite its lack of originality. Jeremy Blitz of DVD Talk rated it 2.5/5 stars and wrote, "The humor and the horror counteract rather than reinforce each other."
References
External links
2008 films
2008 comedy horror films
Canadian comedy horror films
English-language Canadian films
Vampire comedy films
Canadian vampire films
2000s English-language films
2000s Canadian films
Budhasvamin (बुधस्वामिन, also transliterated as Budhasvāmin and Budha·svamin), was a Sanskrit poet, known as the author of the , or The Compilation of Verses from the Long Story. Nothing is known of his life.
Budhasvamin was a masterful poet. His Sanskrit is polished and easy to understand; although he occasionally shows off his virtuosity by using obscure words and archaic verb forms, he never lets his mastery get in the way of the story. He deliberately eschews elaborate description in favour of a fast-paced narrative and deft characterization. He displays a keen interest in all aspects of ancient Indian society: despite the poem being the story of a divine prince, the stories within the narrative have a wide range of protagonists, from artisans and seafaring traders to courtesans and forest-dwellers.
About the
Budhasvamin's : A Literary Study of an Ancient Indian Narrative by E.P. Maten, Leiden, Netherlands: E. J. Brill, 1973.
English translations
The Clay Sanskrit Library has published a translation of by Sir James Mallinson under the title of The Emperor of the Sorcerers (two volumes).
External links
Clay Sanskrit Library (official page)
Sanskrit poets
Aado Slutsk (incorrectly Aadu Slutsk; 17 July 1918 Riga – 28 September 2006 Tallinn) was an Estonian sport figure.
1936-1938 he studied mathematics at Tartu University. Beginning in 1940 he worked as a journalist. 1964-1981 he was the head of Estonian Radio. He was one of the founders of Estonian Association of Journalists. 1976-1980 he was the head of Tallinn Sailing Regatta's Press Centre (). 1989-1998 he was a member of Estonian Olympic Committee, since 1999 an honorary member.
Awards:
1971: Estonian SSR merited journalist
2004: Order of the White Star, V class
References
1918 births
2006 deaths
Estonian people in sports
Soviet journalists
Lake Heights is a coastal suburb east of Berkeley and south of Cringila in the City of Wollongong. At the , it had a population of 3,845.
The suburb gets its name from being above Lake Illawarra and most streets in the suburb enjoy views of the lake and escarpment.
Sport
The suburb's local Football (Soccer) club is Lake Heights Lions who are yet to have an official playing ground but train at Barina oval and occasionally play at John Crehan Park in Cringila.
References
Suburbs of Wollongong
Tommaso Solari (Naples, September 4, 1820 - 1889) was an Italian sculptor active in a Romantic-style.
Life
He was born to a family of artists. His father, Angelo Solari (1775-1846), intended him to become an architect, but, like his father and grandfather (also named Tommaso), the younger Tomasso became a sculptor. The elder Tommaso Solari (died in Caserta in 1779) had created numerous copies of classical works for the gardens and Palace of Caserta. Many of those free-standing works now fill the gardens of the Villa Comunale in Naples.
The younger Tommaso, after a year of studying sculpture in Naples, he won a pension to study in Rome. In the scuola del nudo exhibitions of Rome, and in diverse Expositions, he was awarded numerous prizes. At the Expositions of 1846 and of 1848 he won gold medals. At the London International Exhibition of 1851, he was awarded the commemorative medal, and in Florence, the medal of merit. He became adjunct sculptor at the Institute of Fine Arts of Naples, an academician of merit at the sculptor classes of the Accademia di San Luca of Rome, and associate of the Royal Academy of Naples.
His students include Achille D'Orsi and Raffaele Belliazzi.
Work
Among the many biblical and mythologic subjects sculpted by Solari are:
Abigail soothes the wrath of David (large bas relief)
Christ speaking to his disciples (large bas-relief)
Sinite parvulos ad me venire (Let the children come to me), (large bas relief)
Christ (larger than life, for chapel of Royal Palace of Naples)
Virgin and child, (Chapel of the lord of Reudel).
A Virgin with a crown of Saints, (Church of Piedigrotta).
Annunziata and Young Virgin presented at the Temple (Main church of Capua)
The Risen Christ, (bas relief in bronze)
A Virgin of Miracles, (statue in silver)
St Thomas Aquinas and St Augustine, (Gaeta Cathedral)
San Tommaso, (University of Naples)
Sant' Antonino, (larger than life statue for piazza of Sorrento)
Putti, (Villa of the Prince of Naples)
Medea and her two children
A Slave, (exhibited in Paris)
La baccante, (life-size, Pinacoteca of Capodimonte)
Venere vincitrice, (For the Grand Duke Nicholas Konstantinovich of Russia, copy of Antonio Canova statue with face modelled after the Grand Duke's mistress, Fanny Lear)
Monument to Sir Harry Parkers, (minister plenipotentiary of Great Britain to China)
Marble life-size statue of Tomás Terry, for the peristyle of the Theater of Cienfuegos, Cuba.
Heroe of Two Worlds, (Larger than life, for Corato.
Monument to Garibaldi, (bronze, Torre del Greco)
Bust of Camillo Benso (1862, Naples)
Statue of Charles of Anjou, for the Royal Palace of Naples.
Busts of twelve noted Neapolitan jurists, for the main hall of the Court of Appeals of Naples.
Monument to Paolina Ranieri, (Chapel of Santa Chiara, Naples)
Marble statue of Hope for tomb of Armenio family, (Camposanto of Naples)
Monument for Mancuso Family, (Camposanto of Naples)
Portrait of a young man, (life-size for Notariis tomb)
Monument of Piazza dei Martiri, Naples (One of four Lions)
Monument to Carlo Poerio, (Piazza Carità, Naples)
Monument to Columbus, (Institute of Tarsia)
Bust of Giuseppe Fiorelli (1867, Museo San Martino, Naples)
Monument to Giovanni Battista Vico, (Institute of Tarsia)
Recognition
Solari was awarded both the Cross of SS. Maurizio e Lazzaro and the Order of the Crown of Italy. The critic Agostino Della Sala Spada wrote of him:
"Solari was not a revolutionary, nor a leader of a scuola, nor a grandiose man, like many young artists do today. He is modest, lives the good, has a good bourgeois habits, quality that immediately captivate the good will, respect, and affection of those who approach him.
Regarding his statue of Charles of Anjou the critic continued: This sculpture honest, fair, academic in style, which has done so much honor in Naples, his art respects the past and it continues the beautiful and glorious traditions, showing novelty only in time ... it draws the best from the past and the present ... for a while, the ungrateful and unworthy pupils accused him of senility, of not reflecting reality, of overly academic, and I know, the master of this art, art fair, made of serenity and of constant work, has emerged powerfully, so no doubt, once again, for feeling, for dignity, for modelling . And while it is true that the folds of the mantle are a bit adjusted, do not forget, that the sculpture can not be never sciamannatezza (good for nothing), that certain lines is well kept, the composure that stops the eye, and there conquers, while certain daring project for the innovators, who decry it and can not explain it, and that, finally, if the face of Charles d'Anjou fails, humanly, unpleasant and repulsive, so, and not otherwise, unless the artist had not wanted to betray the story, he had to, and wanted to represent him.
References
1820 births
1889 deaths
19th-century Neapolitan people
19th-century Italian sculptors
Italian male sculptors
Accademia di Belle Arti di Napoli faculty
Neoclassical sculptors
19th-century Italian male artists
Gattendorf is a municipality in Upper Franconia in the district of Hof in Bavaria, Germany.
Its distinctive swan coat-of-arms was adopted in 1974 following the extinction, in 1944, of the local noble family von Schmidt auf Altenstadt.
References
Hof (district)
Maksat Duysenbekuly Bayzhanov () is a Kazakh professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for FC Kaisar.
Career
Bayzhanov is mostly known as former captain and leader of FC Kaisar.
In February 2015, Bayzhanov signed for FC Atyrau, before returning to FC Shakhter Karagandy in January 2016.
On 21 February 2020, FC Atyrau announced the return of Bayzhanov. He returned to FC Kaisar in March 2021.
Career statistics
Club
International
Statistics accurate as of match played 5 March 2014
International goals
Scores and results list Kazakhstan's goal tally first.
Honurs
Shakhter Karagandy
Kazakhstan Premier League (2): 2011, 2012
Interesting facts
His name translates from Kazakh as goal, target, purpose.
References
External links
Living people
1984 births
Kazakhstani footballers
Association football midfielders
Kazakhstan international footballers
Kazakhstan Premier League players
FC Irtysh Pavlodar players
FC Astana players
FC Atyrau players
FC Kaisar players
FC Aktobe players
FC Zhetysu players
FC Shakhter Karagandy players
People from Kyzylorda
Kosmos 106 ( meaning Cosmos 106), also known as DS-P1-I No.1 was a satellite which was used as a radar target for anti-ballistic missile tests. It was launched by the Soviet Union in 1966 as part of the Dnepropetrovsk Sputnik programme and had a mass of .
It was launched aboard a Kosmos-2M 63S1M rocket, from Site 86/1 at Kapustin Yar. The launch occurred at 12:28 GMT on 25 January 1966. It was the only DS-P1-I satellite to be launched on the short-lived Kosmos-2M before launches switched to the Kosmos-2I 63SM variant.
Kosmos 106 was placed into a low Earth orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , an inclination of 48.4°, and an orbital period of 92.8 minutes. It decayed from orbit on 14 November 1966.
Kosmos 106 was the first of nineteen DS-P1-I satellites to be launched. Of these, all reached orbit successfully except the DS-P1-I No.6 (seventh), on 30 January 1970.
See also
1966 in spaceflight
References
Spacecraft launched in 1966
Kosmos satellites
1966 in the Soviet Union
Dnepropetrovsk Sputnik program
A candle warmer is an electric warmer that melts a candle or scented wax to release its scent. The candle warmer shown is intended to be used with jar candles or candles in cups, not with taper candles or candles without containers large enough to accommodate all the melted wax. Some candle warmers have a built-in bowl in which the candle is placed.
The advantages of using a candle warmer include the absence of open flame and the soot that often results from burning wax. The main disadvantage of a plate candle warmer is candle life. While the candle can still be burned (provided the wick is still exposed), the wax no longer contains any fragrances. Many warmers are designed to be used with "wickless" candles, which are blocks or lumps of scented candle wax with no wick. It is also used to keep hot beverages such as coffee warm by placing the mug on the warmer.
General benefits
Candle warmers are a safer option for burning candles and/or wax because there is no open flame and many candle warmers come with an auto-off function, which reduces the risk of house-fire. In addition to these safety benefits, candle warmers do not produce any soot and burn candles more efficiently. With large candles in particular, often the wax furthest from the wick does not melt. A candle warmer solves this problem by heating the candle evenly.
General disadvantages
The key disadvantage to using a candle warmer is that the wax loses it fragrance more quickly than when being burned by flame. In addition to this, candle warmers cost more than a box of matches or even a lighter, with prices ranging from $8.00 to nearly $50.00 for a single warmer. And of course, multiple candle warmers are needed to burn multiple candles at the same time. Similarly, access to electrical outlets is also needed for each warmer, which limits the spaces one can use a candle warmer. Additionally, not all candles can be used with candle warmers. Only candles in glass jars that appropriately fit the size of the warmer plate may be used. This excludes tapered candles, candles without containers, and small or very large candles.
Safety warnings
Vegetable-based wax candles are likely to explode if used in a candle warmer.
Such explosions may occur because the wax at the bottom of the candle expands as it melts, building up pressure and eventually forcing through either the solid wax layer above it or the glass container. A candle heated by its own flame melts from the top down and therefore cannot explode in this manner.
Though a candle warmer does not employ the use of an open flame to burn a candle, the plate the candle sits on is still a hot surface. Therefore, users should be aware to keep candle warmers away from flammable surfaces, children, pets, and be mindful not to touch the plate while in use. In addition to this, users should be aware of the voltage requirements/ limitations of the device and the voltage of the electrical outlets in their home to prevent damage and harm to oneself and home.
References
Candles
Heating
Unity is an unincorporated community in Scotland County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.
History
A post office called Unity was established in 1857, and remained in operation until 1907. The community most likely was named after nearby Unity Cumberland Presbyterian Church.
References
Unincorporated communities in Scotland County, Missouri
1857 establishments in Missouri
Unincorporated communities in Missouri
The Japanese Federation of Chemical, Service and General Trade Unions (, CSG RENGO) was a general union, mostly representing workers in the service sector, and the chemical industry, in Japan.
The union was established in 1995, with the merger of the Japanese Federation of Chemical and General Workers' Unions and the National Federation of General Workers' Unions. By the following year it had 237,474 members. It became affiliated with the Japanese Trade Union Confederation. In 2002, it merged with the Japanese Federation of Textile, Garment, Chemical, Mercantile, Food and Allied Industries Workers' Unions and the small Japan Federation of Textile and Clothing Workers' Unions, to form the Japanese Federation of Textile, Chemical, Food, Commercial, Service and General Workers' Unions.
References
General unions
Trade unions established in 1995
Trade unions disestablished in 2002
Trade unions in Japan
Robert Dickson (14 November 1963 – 11 April 2009) was an Australian rules footballer in the VFL/AFL, a film director, and the winner of the first edition of the reality game show Australian Survivor.
Early life and education
Dickson was born in Box Hill to Rick and Effie Dickson and was one of six children. He attended St Pauls College, Traralgon, in Victoria, Australia.
Dickson learnt to fly a helicopter whilst employed by the National Safety Council of Australia. He also had a hobby of being an amateur filmmaker. He took a lot of footage at the Hawthorn Football Club whilst he was on their player list.
Football career
Dickson made his VFL debut with the Hawthorn Football Club in 1988 after being recruited from Morwell, Victoria. He was a fringe player for the Hawks who played in the midfield (at 180 cm and 75 kg), and spent a lot of time in the reserves side. He was selected as an emergency for the 1989 VFL Grand Final. He went on to play 17 games (kicking 12 goals) for Hawthorn in 3 seasons from 1988–1990. He then moved to the Brisbane Bears where he played for one season, in 1991. He played in the 1991 reserves premiership side for Brisbane (coached by Rodney Eade).
Media career
Following his football career, Dickson became a film director, directing the television documentaries The Passion to Play, Shane Crawford Exposed and The Essence of The Game, which was commissioned by the AFL to celebrate the 150th anniversary of the birth of Australian rules in 2009.
Australian Survivor
Dickson was one of the 16 castaways on the first edition of Australian Survivor, which aired on the Nine Network in 2002. He was a member of the Tipara tribe which won all but one tribal immunity challenge, meaning the tribes merged with Tipara having a 7–3 advantage. The Tipara Seven stuck together to vote out the remaining three members of the rival Kadina tribe before having to turn on their own.
At the final 6, Dickson formed a new alliance with Sciona Browne and Joel Betts, making a final 3 deals to reach the end of the game. They succeeded, despite Betts facing a tied vote (which he survived due to having less previous votes than another contestant). Dickson secured his place in the Final Two by winning the final immunity challenge and voted out Betts, who had agreed to throw the final challenge so that the pair of allies could make it to the Final Two. Dickson and Browne faced the Final Tribal Council, where he won the A$500,000 grand prize in a 5-2 jury vote.
Dickson said at the time that he would use the funds to help his South African mother-in-law emigrate to Australia.
In 2020, he was inducted into the inaugural Australian Survivor fame.
Death
Dickson and his 5-year-old son Byron died in a car accident whilst on holiday in South Africa on 11 April 2009. Reports at the time said he failed to give way when he performed a u-turn. His oldest son Gabriel, 8, died on 15 April 2009 in the Unitas Hospital due to injuries sustained in the crash. Dickson was the first winner of any Survivor version to die.
References
External links
A Walk to Remember Memorial Website
1963 births
2009 deaths
Road incident deaths in South Africa
Australian film directors
Survivor (franchise) winners
Hawthorn Football Club players
Brisbane Bears players
Morwell Football Club players
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Australian Survivor contestants
Sherpur Uparwar is a small village in Deegh Mandal in Sant Ravidas Nagar District in Uttar Pradesh State.
Demographics
As of 2001 India census, Sherpur had a population of 296. Males constitute 49%(145)of the population and females 51%(151).
References
Villages in Bhadohi district
Norman Robert Garbo (born February 15, 1919) is an American author and lecturer.
Life
Norman Garbo is the son of Maximilian W. and Fannie Garbo. He was born in New York, New York. It was here that Garbo attended City College (now known as the City College of the City University of New York) from 1935-37. Garbo also attended the New York Academy of Fine Art beginning in 1937. Garbo began working as a portrait painter in 1941 and also worked as a writer and lecturer. In 1941, he joined the military with the coming of World War II. He enlisted in the U.S. Army Air Forces where he achieved the rank of lieutenant.
Garbo married Rhoda Locke on April 15, 1942. The couple's son and only child is named Mickey. Garbo currently resides in Sands Point, Long Island in New York State.
Selected bibliography
Pull up an Easel (1955, 1976)
Confrontation with Howard Goodkind (1966)
The Movement (1969)
To Love Again: A Psychiatrist's Search for Love (1977)
The Artist (1978)
Cabal (1979)
Spy (1980)
Turner's Wife (1983)
Gaynor's Passion (1985)
A Sudden Madness (1985)
Dirty Secrets (1989)
References
External links
Norman Garbo Biography at the Biography Resource Center
Books by Norman Garbo at Openlibrary.org
Living people
1919 births
Military personnel from New York City
Writers from New York City
United States Army Air Forces personnel of World War II
United States Army Air Forces officers
People from Sands Point, New York
USS Phenakite (PYc-25) was a converted yacht that was used by the United States Navy during World War I and World War II. The vessel was also known as Celt, Sachem (SP-192), Sightseer and Circle Line V.
History
USS Phenakite (PYc-25) was built 1902 as the yacht Celt by Pusey and Jones, Wilmington, Delaware, for J. Rogers Maxwell, a railroad executive. It was launched on April 12, 1902.
Shortly after the United States' entry into the First World War, it was acquired by the US Navy on July 3, 1917. The ship was placed in service as USS Sachem (SP 192) on August 19 and used as a Coastal Patrol Yacht. During its Navy service, it was loaned to inventor Thomas Edison who conducted government-funded experiments with it to develop countermeasures to U-boats.
After the end of World War I, Sachem was returned to her owner, Manton B. Metcalf of New York, on February 10, 1919. It was later sold to Philadelphia banker Roland L. Taylor and then to Jacob "Jake" Martin of Brooklyn, New York in 1932 who converted it to a fishing excursion boat.
The yacht was reacquired by the Navy on February 17, 1942 for $65,000 and converted for naval service at Robert Jacobs Inc., City Island, New York. It was commissioned as USS Phenakite (PYc-25) on July 1 at Tompkinsville, New York and patrolled the waters off of the Florida Keys during World War II. It was decommissioned to undergo modifications and placed back in service on November 17, 1944. It was used for testing sonar systems before being placed out of service on October 2, 1945 at Tompkinsville, and transferred to the Maritime Commission for disposal on November 5.
The vessel was then returned to her previous owner, Martin, and renamed Sachem on December 29. It was struck from the Naval Register February 7, 1946. It was subsequently resold to the Circle Line of New York City and renamed Sightseer, but was later renamed Circle Line V. It served as a tour boat until 1983.
In 1986, a Cincinnati local named Robert Miller purchased the ship for the low price of $7,500 and spent 10 days restoring the yacht so it could make the journey to the Midwest. After using the boat to take friends out on New York Harbor for the ceremonial relighting of the Statue of Liberty during the July 4 weekend, Miller took the boat back home via the Hudson River, the Great Lakes, the Mississippi River, and the Ohio River before settling at the mouth of Taylor Creek near its confluence with the Ohio River on Miller's property in Boone County, Kentucky.
Unable to afford expensive repairs needed to save it, Miller left the boat to rust away on Taylor Creek where it remains to this day. The decayed and abandoned boat is a popular destination for kayak enthusiasts in the Cincinnati area and is commonly referred to as "The Ghost Ship."
Robert Miller died in 2016.
Pop culture
Before leaving New York Harbor, the boat was used in Madonna's 'Papa Don't Preach' music video in 1986. While the boat was being worked on one day, a limousine pulled up to the dock and a representative for Madonna asked if they could use the ship in an upcoming music video. Miller agreed and the boat can briefly be seen in the video.
Awards
For her service in the U.S. Navy, Sachem / Phenakite earned the following awards:
World War I Victory Medal
American Campaign Medal
World War II Victory Medal
References
External links
"Ghost Ship" at Queen City Discovery
The Sachem Project, a restoration project
Thomas A. Edison: Unorthodox Submarine Hunter
1902 ships
Ships built by Pusey and Jones
Patrol vessels of the United States Navy
Shipwrecks of the Ohio River
World War II patrol vessels of the United States
William Owen "Buckey" O'Neill (February 2, 1860 – July 1, 1898) was a sheriff, newspaper editor, miner, politician, Georgist, gambler and lawyer, mainly in Arizona. His nickname came from his tendency to "buck the tiger" (play contrary to the odds) at faro or other card games. He later became a captain in Theodore Roosevelt's Rough Riders, and died in battle.
Early life
O'Neill was born the first of four children on February 2, 1860, to John Owen and Mary (McMenimin) O'Neill in St. Louis, Missouri. His father was an Irish immigrant who had most likely arrived in the United States during the 1850s. By Spring 1862, the family had moved to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
When the American Civil War began the elder O'Neill joined the 116th Pennsylvania Volunteers. On December 13, 1862, during the Battle of Fredericksburg, the senior O'Neill was wounded and served the rest of the war as a member of the Invalid Corps. The younger O'Neill was educated at Gonzaga College High School and Georgetown Law School.
During the first part of 1879, O'Neill responded to an item in the Washington Star calling for men to migrate to Arizona Territory. He arrived in Phoenix, riding a burro, in September the same year. Upon his arrival in town he was hired as a printer by the Phoenix Herald. By late 1880, O'Neill had become bored with position and sought to experience the "Real West" in the boomtown of Tombstone.
In Tombstone, O'Neill took the opportunity to experience the local saloons before taking a job with The Tombstone Epitaph. By mid-1881 he again felt a wanderlust and left town. Where he went to next is unknown, one story has O'Neill journeying to Hawaii (unlikely due to the travel time) and then traveling through California. He is known to have visited Santa Fe before going to Albuquerque, New Mexico and working briefly as a court reporter. In early 1882, he was back in Phoenix working as a deputy to Marshal Henry Garfias. Several weeks later O'Neill moved to Prescott, his home for the next fifteen years.
Prescott
O'Neill arrived in Prescott in the spring of 1882. There he rapidly progressed in his journalistic career. Starting as a court reporter, he soon founded his own newspaper, Hoof and Horn, a paper for the livestock industry. He became the editor of the Arizona Miner weekly newspaper in 1884 to February 1885.
He became captain of the Prescott Grays in 1886, the local unit of the Arizona Militia. On February 5, 1886, Dennis Dilda, a convicted murderer, was hanged. O'Neill and the Prescott Grays stood honor guard for the event. When the trap dropped, O'Neill fainted, which caused him severe embarrassment. He later wrote a story called "The Horse of the Hash-Knife Brand." In it, a member of a posse admits to nearly fainting at the hanging of a horse thief.
On April 27, 1886, he married Pauline Schindler. They had a son, but he died shortly after being born premature.
In 1888, while serving as Yavapai County, Arizona judge, he was elected county sheriff, running on the Republican ticket.
On March 20, 1889, four masked men robbed the Atlantic and Pacific Railroad passenger train in Diablo Canyon. A four-man posse, made up of O'Neill, Jim Black, Carl Holton, and Ed St. Clair, was soon formed and they took off after robbers. On March 21, O'Neill and his posse caught up with the robbers. After exchanging rifle shots, the posse captured the four men. During the fight, no men were injured, but O'Neill's horse was killed.
The four men were William Sterin, John Halford, Daniel Harvick, and J. J. Smith. All four were sent to the Yuma Territorial Prison, but were pardoned eight years later. There is unfounded speculation that, in 1898, William Sterin enlisted under a false name in the Rough Riders, and was killed in action on San Juan Hill. The character of Henry Nash is incorrectly portrayed as Sterin in the TNT made-for-TV movie "Rough Riders". The real Henry Nash was an Arizona school teacher who also served in Roosevelt's Rough Riders, and was a friend of O'Neill up until his death.
After his term was up, O'Neill was elected unanimously mayor of Prescott.
In 1894 and 1896 he ran for Delegate to the United States House of Representatives from Arizona Territory, running on the Populist Party ticket.
One of his best friends was Tom Horn.
In 1897, after years of speculating on mines, he sold a group of claims near the Grand Canyon to Chicago backers, who also proposed building a railroad from Williams to the mines and the South rim. He became a director of the development companies, and soon began railroad surveys, mine developments, and building a smelter. He also used profits to begin building rental buildings—he was headed for financial independence.
O'Neill also helped introduce a bill allowing women to vote in municipal elections in 1897. Although O'Neill convinced his Populist friends to sign the bill into law, the high court dismissed the bill in 1899.
Rough Riders
In 1898, war broke out between the United States and Spain. O'Neill joined the Rough Riders and became Captain of Troop A. First Lieutenant Frank Frantz served as O'Neil's Deputy Commander. Along with Alexander Brodie and James McClintock, he tried to make an entire regiment made up of Arizona Cowboys. Eventually though, only three troops were authorized.
The Rough Riders landed at Daiquirí on June 22, 1898. Two Buffalo Soldiers, of the 10th Cavalry fell overboard. Upon seeing this, O'Neill jumped into the water in full uniform and sabre. He searched for the men for two minutes, before having to come up for breath.
On June 25, 1898, the Rough Riders saw their first action. O'Neill led his men at the front of the line in the Battle of Las Guasimas, capturing the Spanish flank. During the action he saw several men, who he believed were Spaniards, across the road from him, and shouted "Hostiles on our right, fire at will!" He learned after the firing ceased that the men he exchanged shots with were Cuban rebels.
Death
On July 1, 1898, at about 10am, the Rough Riders and the 10th Cavalry were stationed below Kettle Hill. The Spaniards, who were on top of the hill, [Mauser] rifle fire down on the Americans. Buckey O'Neill was killed in action.
Theodore Roosevelt, commander of the Rough Riders, wrote about the death of O'Neill:
Before the fighting was over, O'Neill's men had buried him on the slope of San Juan Hill. After the war, his family and friends enlisted help from the War Department to find and recover his body. After six men failed to find the site, the War Department sent Henry Alfred Brown, the Rough Riders' Chaplain, to find him. Despite it being eight months since O'Neill's death, Chaplain Brown located the site within two hours after arriving in Santiago. The well preserved body was exhumed, placed in a coffin, and returned to the United States on the Army transport Crook. He was buried at Arlington National Cemetery, in Arlington, Virginia. The epitaph on his gravestone reads,"Who would not die for a new star on the flag?"
On July 3, 1907, a monument by sculptor Solon Borglum was dedicated to O'Neill and the other Rough Riders in their memory in Prescott, Arizona. Seven thousand people gathered to witness the unveiling.
O'Neill Spring, in the Pumphouse Wash wetlands south of Flagstaff, was named after Buckey O'Neill, as is O'Neill Butte in the Grand Canyon and Bucky O'Neill Hill in Bisbee.
Movies
Bucky (sic) O'Neill is a main character in the TNT movie Rough Riders, portrayed by Sam Elliott.
See also
Buckey O'Neill Cabin in Grand Canyon National Park, built by O'Neill in 1890 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places
Notes
References
Footnotes
Bibliography
External links
Spanish–American War Centennial Website page on O'Neill
Wyoming Tales and Trails on the Rough Riders
1860 births
1898 deaths
Arizona folklore
Arizona pioneers
Arizona sheriffs
American military personnel killed in the Spanish–American War
Rough Riders
American newspaper editors
American people of Irish descent
Burials at Arlington National Cemetery
Journalists from Washington, D.C.
Lawmen of the American Old West
Military personnel from St. Louis
Writers from St. Louis
United States Army officers
Arizona Republicans
19th-century American journalists
American male journalists
Mayors of Prescott, Arizona
Georgist politicians
Felix Döring (born 23 February 1991) is a German politician for the SDP and since 2021 member of the Bundestag, the federal diet.
Life and politics
Döring was born in 1991 in Gießen and was elected directly to the Bundestag in 2021.
References
Living people
1991 births
People from Giessen
Social Democratic Party of Germany politicians
Members of the Bundestag 2021–2025
21st-century German politicians
Norfolkia leeuwin, known commonly as the Leeuwin triplefin, is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Norfolkia. It was described by Ronald Fricke in 1994. This species is found in the southern part of the coast of Western Australia from the Houtmon's Abrolhos Islands to the Recherche Archipelago. It is found in rocky reefs. Its specific name references the Leeuwin Current which influences the coastal areas in which this fish occurs.
References
Leeuwin triplefin
Fish described in 1994
Howard Colquhoun is Emeritus Professor of Materials Chemistry in the University of Reading. He was born (1951) in County Durham and was educated at Washington Grammar School and at the University of Cambridge (St Catharine's College; MA), before moving to the University of London as a research student in chemistry (Westfield College; PhD, 1975). At Cambridge he was a member of the University athletics team and was awarded a half-blue for throwing the discus. He carried out postdoctoral work at the University of Warwick, and was then a researcher at the ICI Corporate Laboratory in Cheshire where he and Fraser Stoddart developed a useful collaboration. In 1994 he moved to Manchester University as a Royal Society Industry Fellow. From 1997 he was Professor of Inorganic Chemistry at the University of Salford. In 2000 he was appointed to the Chair of Materials Chemistry in the University of Reading where, from 2002 to 2006, he was Head of the School of Chemistry. In 2007 he was elected a Visiting Fellow of Clare Hall, University of Cambridge. His research has contributed to the fields of silicon chemistry, boron chemistry, transition-metal chemistry, dinitrogen chemistry, supramolecular chemistry and polymer chemistry, resulting in some 250 publications. Awards for his work include the RSC Medal and Prize for Materials Chemistry (2005), the degree of Doctor of Science (ScD) of the University of Cambridge (2008), the Wilsmore Fellowship of the University of Melbourne (2007), the Macro Group UK Medal for contributions to polymer science (2012), and the "Leverhulme" Senior Research Fellowship of the Royal Society (2006). He retired, becoming Professor Emeritus, in December 2018.
References
Living people
Westfield College
British chemists
Academics of the University of Reading
1951 births
State of Origin
This is a list of records in the State of Origin series for New South Wales.
Individual Records
Most Capped (20+ Games)
Most Points (50+ Points)
Most Tries (7+ Tries)
Individual Appearance Records
Individual Scoring Records
Team Records
Game records
Biggest Wins (40+ Margin)
Biggest Losses (40+ Margin)
Attendance records
The largest home attendances for NSW in State of Origin are:
Sydney Cricket Ground (1982-1987) - 42,048 - Game 2, 1987
Sydney Football Stadium (1988-1998) - 42,235 - Game 1, 1990
Stadium Australia (1999–present) - 88,336 (Olympic Games configuration) - Game 2, 199983,813 (post reconfiguration) - Game 3, 2014
Overall
This is a list of records for New South Wales dating back to 1908 and includes traditional Interstate matches plus State of Origin records combined. Statistics from the Super League Tri-series are not included. There were no Interstate matches played between 1916–1918 and 1942–1944 due to the World Wars.
Individual Records
Most Capped (20+ Games)
Most Points (90+ Points)
Most Tries (15+ Tries)
Individual Scoring Records
Game Records
Biggest Wins (40+ Margin)
Biggest Losses (40+ Margin)
References
Australian records
Rugby league records and statistics
Records
Keep Off the Grass is a musical revue with sketches by Mort Lewis, Parke Levy, Alan Lipscott, S. Jay Kaufman, and Panama & Frank, lyrics by Al Dubin and Howard Dietz, and music by Jimmy McHugh. The choreography was by George Balanchine.
Produced by Lee Shubert and J. J. Shubert, the Broadway production, opened on May 23, 1940 at the Broadhurst Theatre and ran for a total of 44 performances. The cast included Jimmy Durante, Ray Bolger, Jane Froman, Virginia O'Brien, Emmett Kelly and Ilka Chase. O'Brien recorded four of the songs for Columbia Records in 1940 and they are included as bonus tracks on her CD "Virginia O'Brien Salutes the Great MGM Musicals".
Songs
The Cabby's Serenade
This Is Spring
Crazy as a Loon
A Fugitive from Esquire (lyrics by Howard Dietz)
I'll Applaud (You) With My Feet
Two in a Taxi (lyrics by Howard Dietz)
Rhett, Scarlett & Ashley (lyrics by Howard Dietz)
A Latin Tune, a Manhattan Moon, and You
Clear Out of This World
Look Out for My Heart
(I'm an) Old Jitterbug
I'm in the Mood
Raffles (music by Vernon Duke)
On the Old Park Bench (lyrics by Howard Dietz)
This is Winter
Other uses
"Keep off the Grass" was an unreleased song by Big Audio Dynamite in the 1980s.
"Keep off the Grass" was a ragtime piece played by James P. Johnson in the 1920s.
External links
http://www.artistdirect.com/nad/store/artist/album/0,,3330719,00.html
1940 musicals
Broadway musicals
Revues
Casino de Port-Gentil is a casino in Port-Gentil, Gabon. It is located just north of Saint Louis Church and the École Mixte. The casino forms part of an entertainment complex in the city which includes "Le Galion" next door, the Supermarche Casino across the street and the City Sport Centre. It opens at 10pm from Thursday to Sunday and features blackjack, roulette, poker and slot machines.
References
Port-Gentil
Casinos in Gabon
Pablo Andrés Mieres Gómez (born 30 July 1959 in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan lawyer, sociologist, professor and politician of the Independent Party (PI), serving as Minister of Labour and Social Welfare of Uruguay, since March 1, 2020.
Political career
He was elected to the Uruguayan Parliament in 1999, serving during the 2000–2005 term as a representative for Montevideo. Since 2003 he leads the centre-left Independent Party.
He was a presidential candidate in the 2004 and 2009 general elections, opportunities in which he was also a senatorial candidate, a position to which he was not elected.
2014
In the national elections of 2014 he was a candidate for the Presidency and the Senate, reaching this time, a seat in the Upper House. His party obtained 3.2% of the votes and reached three seats in the Chamber of Deputies (Iván Posada, Daniel Radío and Heriberto Sosa).
In the 2014 general elections, once again he ran for the Presidency and the Senate, finally getting access to a seat in the Upper House.
2019
For the 2019 primary elections, Mieres created La Alternativa, a new political space, made up of politicians from other parties: Esteban Valenti and his wife Selva Andreoli (Broad Front), Fernando Amado (Colorado Party), Victor Lissidini (Party Intransigent) and Luis Franzini Batlle (Colorado Party). However, this alliance was short lived. After announcing that Andreoli was the candidate for Vice President, she herself made controversial statements. Mieres left the alliance.
Mieres did not achieve reelection in the Senate for the period 2020–2025; but he supported Luis Alberto Lacalle Pou in the second round against Daniel Martínez Villamil. Looking at the conformation of Lacalle Pou's cabinet, Mieres agreed to head the Ministry of Labour and Social Welfare.
References
External links
1959 births
Living people
People from Montevideo
University of the Republic (Uruguay) alumni
20th-century Uruguayan lawyers
Uruguayan sociologists
Uruguayan politicians
Candidates for President of Uruguay
Uruguayan vice-presidential candidates
"Stay: Now I'm Here" is the tenth single of Dream. The single reached #19 on the weekly Oricon charts and charted for two weeks. The title song was used in a CM for Kanebo Hadabisei (in which none of dream's members appear).
Track list
STAY ~now I'm here~
STAY ~now I'm here~ （Instrumental）
Credits
Mai Matsumuro (Lyrics)
Kunio Tago (Music)
Ken Harada (Arrangement)
External links
http://www.oricon.co.jp/music/release/d/458165/1/
J-pop songs
2001 singles
Songs written by Mai Matsumuro
2001 songs
Avex Trax singles
Akwasi Abeyie Yeboah (born June 15, 1997) is a British professional basketball player for Darüşşafaka of the Turkish Basketbol Süper Ligi (BSL). Yeboah competed for the Kent Crusaders of the English National Basketball League (NBL) and led the team to a championship in 2015. Yeboah played three seasons of college basketball for the Stony Brook Seawolves before transferring to play for the Rutgers Scarlet Knights as a graduate student for his final season of eligibility.
Early life and career
Yeboah was born in Sekondi-Takoradi, Ghana but moved to the London suburb of Chigwell, England at the age of nine after his mother Winifred found a nursing job to better provide for him and older brother Kwame. Yeboah started out as a soccer player and did not begin playing basketball until the age of 13. He was, by his admission, terrible at basketball at first. His physical education teacher told him that he was not competitive, which motivated him to improve.
He competed for the Kent Crusaders of the English National Basketball League (NBL) after the Barking Abbey School, which he attended, partnered with the Crusaders to give their top players the ability to play in the NBL. He had a season-high 21 points twice, against the Bradford Dragons and Essex Leopards, and scored 19 points in a 12-point comeback win against the Reading Rockets. Yeboah was a key piece of the team that won the 2015 NBL Division I Playoff Championship. He averaged 12.7 points and 5.4 rebounds per game. In the league final, Yeboah scored 21 points and had seven rebounds. He received his only NCAA Division I offer from Stony Brook's head coach Steve Pikiell.
College career
Stony Brook (2016–2019)
Yeboah redshirted his first season at Stony Brook, which was Pikiell's last at the school before accepting the job at Rutgers. Stony Brook made the NCAA Tournament for the first time in school history as Yeboah sat out the season due to lack of projected playing time. As a redshirt freshman, Yeboah averaged 9.5 points and 5.1 rebounds per game and was named to the America East All-Freshman Team. He scored 21 points and had 16 rebounds in the first round of the America East Tournament in a 70–60 win against Binghamton.
In his sophomore season, Yeboah averaged 15.3 points and 5.1 rebounds per game. He had nine 20-point games as a sophomore and was named to the Second Team All-America East. He scored a career-high 30 points to go with eight rebounds against Columbia on December 7, 2017.
Yeboah averaged 20.4 points through the first 12 games of his junior season. On December 22, 2018 against Quinnipiac, Yeboah suffered a hyperextended knee but returned to the lineup after missing a game. Yeboah averaged 16.7 points and 7.7 rebounds per game as a junior for the Seawolves while shooting 41.3 percent from the floor and 31.6 percent from three-point range. He was named to the First Team All-America East.
In three seasons at Stony Brook, Yeboah scored 1,317 points, the sixth-most in program history.
Rutgers (2019–2020)
Yeboah entered the transfer portal in March 2019 as an impending graduate student, but retained his eligibility at Stony Brook for the 2019–20 season. He was listed as the 36th-best graduate transfer according to Stadium's Jeff Goodman.
On May 2, 2019, Yeboah announced that he would transfer to Rutgers, reuniting with his former head coach Steve Pikiell and choosing the Scarlet Knights over SMU and TCU. He was eligible immediately as a graduate transfer. Pikiell called Yeboah "a huge addition to our program,” and he was a key piece in helping Rutgers have one of the best homecourt records and its first winning season since 2006. Yeboah scored 20 points, including a three-pointer to tie the game at 72 with two minutes to play, in a 75–72 win against Nebraska on January 26, 2020 and surpassed the 1,500-point milestone. In his senior season, Yeboah averaged 9.8 points and 4.8 rebounds per game and earned the Big Ten Sportsmanship Award.
Professional career
On August 12, 2020, Yeboah signed his first professional contract with Saint-Quentin of the French LNB Pro B. He averaged 12.0 points, 3.8 rebounds, 1.3 assists, and 1.0 steal per game. On August 3, 2021, Yeboah signed with Saint-Chamond Basket.
On June 19, 2022, he has signed with Darüşşafaka of the Turkish Basketbol Süper Ligi (BSL).
National team career
Yeboah competed for Great Britain on its U16, U18 and U20 teams. In the 2017 FIBA U20 European Championship Division B, he averaged 14.3 points, 4.7 rebounds, and 0.9 assists per game. Yeboah scored 22 points and collected 6 rebounds in the third-place game, a 81–65 win against Russia, and was named to the All-Star Five.
Career statistics
College
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2015–16
| style="text-align:left;"| Stony Brook
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="11"| Redshirt
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2016–17
| style="text-align:left;"| Stony Brook
| 31 || 10 || 21.2 || .372 || .341 || .797 || 5.1 || .6 || .5 || .5 || 9.5
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2017–18
| style="text-align:left;"| Stony Brook
| 32 || 31 || 28.5 || .452 || .355 || .803 || 5.1 || 1.4 || .9 || .2 || 15.3
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2018–19
| style="text-align:left;"| Stony Brook
| 32 || 31 || 31.8 || .413 || .316 || .785 || 7.7 || 1.4 || .9 || .5 || 16.7
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2019–20
| style="text-align:left;"| Rutgers
| 31 || 22 || 23.8 || .435 || .352 || .781 || 4.8 || .9 || .8 || .5 || 9.8
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 126 || 94 || 26.4 || .419 || .338 || .792 || 5.7 || 1.1 || .7 || .4 || 12.9
References
External links
Rutgers Scarlet Knights bio
Stony Brook Seawolves bio
1997 births
Living people
Basketball players from Greater London
Black British sportspeople
British expatriate basketball people in France
British expatriate basketball people in the United States
British men's basketball players
Ghanaian emigrants to the United Kingdom
People from Chigwell
People from Sekondi-Takoradi
Rutgers Scarlet Knights men's basketball players
Small forwards
Stony Brook Seawolves men's basketball players
Saint-Quentin Basket-Ball players
Comandante is a political documentary film by American director Oliver Stone. In the film, Stone interviews Cuban leader Fidel Castro on a diverse range of topics. Stone and his film crew visited Castro in Cuba for three days in 2002, and the film was released in 2003, having its premiere at the Sundance Film Festival early that year.
The film was partly produced by HBO and was planned for broadcast. Shortly before airtime, after Cuba executed three hijackers of a ferry to the United States and imprisoned more than 70 political dissidents, HBO pulled the program. To this day, it still has not been given a video release in the USA.
See also
South of the Border – 2009 film by Oliver Stone of interviews with Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez.
The Putin Interviews – 2017 film by Oliver Stone of interviews with Vladimir Putin, President of Russia.
References
External links
Natural Born 'Comandante': Oliver Stone Meets Fidel Castro
2003 films
Films directed by Oliver Stone
American documentary films
Documentary films about Fidel Castro
2000s American films
Lucien Jerome Fenton (May 7, 1844 – June 28, 1922) was an American Civil War veteran who served two terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1895 to 1899.
Biography
Born in Winchester, Ohio, Fenton attended the public schools, National Normal University, Lebanon, Ohio, and Ohio University at Athens.
Enlisted as a private in Company I, Ninety-first Regiment, Ohio Volunteer Infantry, August 11, 1862.
He was discharged because of wounds on May 29, 1865.
Career
He taught school from 1865 to 1881.
He was an unsuccessful candidate for clerk of the courts of Adams County in 1880.
He served as clerk in the United States Treasury Department, Washington, D.C. from 1881 to 1884.
He returned to Ohio and organized the Winchester Bank in 1884.
He was appointed a trustee of the Ohio University at Athens by Governor McKinley in 1892.
He served as delegate to the Republican National Convention in 1892.
Congress
Fenton was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-fourth and Fifty-fifth Congresses (March 4, 1895 – March 3, 1899).
He was an unsuccessful candidate for renomination in 1898.
Death
He resumed banking in Winchester, Ohio.
He served as president of the Winchester School Board 1912-1922.
He served as president of the Adams County School Board 1918-1922.
Death
He died in Winchester, Ohio, June 28, 1922.
He was interred in Winchester Cemetery.
Sources
1844 births
1922 deaths
People from Adams County, Ohio
Ohio University alumni
Ohio University trustees
National Normal University alumni
People of Ohio in the American Civil War
Union Army soldiers
School board members in Ohio
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
DYAB may refer to:
DYAB-AM, an AM radio station broadcasting in Cebu City, branded as Radyo Patrol
DYAB-FM, an FM radio station broadcasting in Tacloban, branded as Kaboses Radio
DYAB-TV, a TV station broadcasting in Tacloban, branded as ABS-CBN Tacloban
An All-American team is an honorary sports team composed of the best amateur players of a specific season for each team position—who in turn are given the honorific "All-America" and typically referred to as "All-American athletes", or simply "All-Americans". Although the honorees generally do not compete together as a unit, the term is used in U.S. team sports to refer to players who are selected by members of the national media. Walter Camp selected the first All-America team in the early days of American football in 1889.
From 1947 to 1980, the American Baseball Coaches Association was the only All-American selector recognized by the NCAA.
Key
All-Americans
See also
Baseball awards #U.S. college baseball
References
College Baseball All-America Teams
All-America
Dillon Mitchell (born May 16, 1997) is an American football wide receiver who is currently a member of the Edmonton Elks. He played college football at Oregon and was selected by the Minnesota Vikings in the seventh round, 239th overall of the 2019 NFL Draft.
Early years
Mitchell attended White Station High School in Memphis, Tennessee. As a junior in 2015, he was named first-team All-State selection and district Offensive Player of the Year and also earned the 2015 Tennessee Titans Mr. Football Class 6A Back of the Year award. In his senior season, he was named Tennessee's Gatorade football player of the year after he caught 81 passes for 1,484 yards and 22 touchdowns, leading the Spartans to a 9-4 record and the Class 6A quarterfinals. He also rushed for 951 yards and 20 more touchdowns on 64 carries. Mitchell also played basketball as a point guard and ran track for the Spartans.
Highly touted as both a basketball and football player, Mitchell committed to the University of Oregon to play college football, picking the Ducks over a list that also included Ole Miss, Mississippi State, Alabama, Auburn, Tennessee and Cincinnati.
College career
As a true freshman at Oregon in 2016, Mitchell played in six games and had two receptions for nine yards. As a sophomore in 2017, he started 12 games and had 42 receptions for 517 yards and four touchdowns. As a junior in 2018, Mitchell set the school record for receiving yards in a season with 1,184 on 75 receptions and 10 touchdowns. He was named the MVP of the 2018 Redbox Bowl. After the season, Mitchell entered the 2019 NFL Draft.
Professional career
Mitchell was drafted in the seventh round (239th overall pick) of the 2019 NFL Draft by the Minnesota Vikings. He was the third Oregon player chosen in the draft and became just the second Ducks receiver drafted in the last 10 years, joining Josh Huff. He was waived on August 31, 2019 and was signed to the practice squad the next day. He signed a reserve/future contract with the Vikings on January 13, 2020, and was waived by the Vikings during final roster cuts on September 5, 2020.
References
External links
Oregon Ducks bio
1997 births
Living people
Players of American football from Memphis, Tennessee
American football wide receivers
Oregon Ducks football players
Minnesota Vikings players
The following article presents a summary of the 1961 football (soccer) season in Brazil, which was the 60th season of competitive football in the country.
Taça Brasil
Semifinals
Final
Santos declared as the Taça Brasil champions by aggregate score of 6-2.
Torneio Rio-São Paulo
Final Stage
Flamengo declared as the Torneio Rio-São Paulo champions.
State championship champions
Brazilian clubs in international competitions
Brazil national team
The following table lists all the games played by the Brazil national football team in official competitions and friendly matches during 1961.
References
Brazilian competitions at RSSSF
1961 Brazil national team matches at RSSSF
Seasons in Brazilian football
Brazil
Ann-Renée Desbiens (born April 10, 1994) is a Canadian ice hockey goaltender, a member of the Canadian national ice hockey team, currently affiliated with the Montreal chapter of the Professional Women's Hockey Players Association (PWHPA) and the Canadian Minister of National Defense.
She participated at the 2015 IIHF Women's World Championship, the 2018 Winter Olympics., the 2021 IIHF Women's World Championship, the 2022 Winter Olympics, and the 2022 IIHF Women's World Championship.
Playing career
Desbiens was the first female player drafted to the Quebec Junior AAA Hockey League, the second-highest men's junior league in Québec after the QMJHL. She was selected by the Loups de La Tuque but was cut before ever playing a game because the coach didn't believe there was any point in developing girls. That same year, she participated in the Shawinigan Cataractes training camp.
She made one playoff appearance for the Montréal Stars of the Canadian Women's Hockey League (CWHL) in 2012, as the team won the Clarkson Cup.
NCAA
In 2013, she was offered a scholarship to play at the University of Wisconsin in the NCAA, despite not being fluent in English. Across four years with the Wisconsin Badgers women's ice hockey program, she led the team to four Frozen Four appearances, tallied 99 wins in 122 games, and set a number of individual records, including the highest career save percentage (SV%), at .963, and lowest goals against average (GAA), with 0.71.
During her senior year, on November 6, 2016, Desbiens broke Noora Räty's record for most NCAA career shutouts of any gender. In a 6–0 shutout victory against the Bemidji State Beavers, Desbiens would log career shutout number 44. At the end of her senior year, Desbiens was awarded the Patty Kazmaier Award as the top female college ice hockey player in the United States.
Desbiens was the first Canadian selected at the 2016 NWHL Draft, chosen in the first round, fourth overall by the Boston Pride. As of 2021, she has not appeared with the team nor made any indication of interest in playing in the NWHL.
After the 2018 Olympics, during the 2018-19 season, Desbiens took a break from hockey, citing exhaustion and the uncertainty of options to play professionally. In May 2019, she returned to hockey by joining the PWHPA.
In the 2019–20 season, Desbiens appeared for the Fond du Lac Bears in the Great Lakes Hockey League, an elite men's amateur league. She also participated in the women's ice hockey showcase at the 2020 NHL All-Star Game, making 15 saves as the Canadian All-Stars beat the American All-Stars.
PWHPA
Standing between the pipes for Team Bauer (Montreal) in the 2021 Secret Cup, which was the Canadian leg of the 2020–21 PWHPA Dream Gap Tour, Ann-Renee Desbiens registered 19 saves in a 4-2 championship game win over Team Sonnet (Toronto).
International play
Desbiens was selected to play for Team Canada at the 2015 IIHF Women's World Championship where she guided Canada to a silver medal. She was also selected to play for Team Canada at the 2018 Winter Olympics where she again won a silver medal.
On January 11, 2022, Desbiens was named to Canada's 2022 Olympic team.
Personal life
Desbiens has a master's degree in accounting. She has named NHL goaltender Patrick Roy as a role model, her family being supporters of the Quebec Nordiques and then the Colorado Avalanche.
Awards and honours
WCHA Player of the Week (Recognized for games of November 4–6, 2016)
2016 WCHA Player of the Year
WCHA Offensive Player of the Month, January 2017
WCHA Defensive Player of the Week (Week of February 14, 2017)
2016-17 AHCA-CCM Women's University Division I All-American
2017 Patty Kazmaier Award winner
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
Sources: EliteProspects, University of Wisconsin, Fond du Lac Bears
References
External links
Wisconsin bio
1994 births
Living people
French Quebecers
Canadian women's ice hockey goaltenders
Ice hockey people from Quebec
Ice hockey players at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 2022 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 2022 Winter Olympics
Olympic ice hockey players of Canada
Olympic gold medalists for Canada
Olympic silver medalists for Canada
Olympic medalists in ice hockey
Patty Kazmaier Award winners
Wisconsin Badgers women's ice hockey players
Professional Women's Hockey Players Association players
People from Capitale-Nationale
The Soyuz MS (; GRAU: 11F732A48) is a revision of the Russian spacecraft series Soyuz first launched in 2016. It is an evolution of the Soyuz TMA-M spacecraft, with modernization mostly concentrated on the communications and navigation subsystems. It is used by Roscosmos for human spaceflight. The Soyuz MS has minimal external changes with respect to the Soyuz TMA-M, mostly limited to antennas and sensors, as well as the thruster placement.
The first launch was Soyuz MS-01 on 7 July 2016, aboard a Soyuz-FG launch vehicle towards the International Space Station (ISS). The trip included a two-day checkout phase for the design before docking with the ISS on 9 July 2016.
Design
A Soyuz spacecraft consists of three parts (from front to back):
A spheroid orbital module,
A small aerodynamic reentry module,
A cylindrical service module with solar panels attached.
The first two portions are habitable living space. By moving as much as possible into the orbital module, which does not have to be shielded or decelerated during re-entry, the Soyuz three-part craft is both larger and lighter than the two-part Apollo spacecraft's command module. The Apollo command module had six cubic meters of living space and a mass of 5000 kg; the three-part Soyuz provided the same crew with nine cubic meters of living space, an airlock, and a service module for the mass of the Apollo capsule alone. This does not take into consideration the orbital module that could be used in place of the LM in Apollo.
Soyuz can carry up to three cosmonauts and provide life support for them for about 30 person-days. The life support system provides a nitrogen/oxygen atmosphere at sea level partial pressures. The atmosphere is regenerated through KO2 cylinders, which absorb most of the CO2 and water produced by the crew and regenerates the oxygen, and LiOH cylinders which absorb leftover CO2.
Estimated deliverable payload weight is up to 200 kg and up to 65 kg can be returned.
The vehicle is protected during launch by a nose fairing, which is jettisoned after passing through the atmosphere. It has an automatic docking system. The spacecraft can be operated automatically, or by a pilot independently of ground control.
Orbital Module (BO)
The forepart of the spacecraft is the orbital module (: бытовой отсек (БО), Bitovoy otsek (BO)) also known as the Habitation section. It houses all the equipment that will not be needed for reentry, such as experiments, cameras or cargo. Commonly, it is used as both eating area and lavatory. At its far end, it also contains the docking port. This module also contains a toilet, docking avionics and communications gear. On the latest Soyuz versions, a small window was introduced, providing the crew with a forward view.
A hatch between it and the descent module can be closed so as to isolate it to act as an airlock if needed with cosmonauts exiting through its side port (at the bottom of this picture, near the descent module). On the launch pad, cosmonauts enter the spacecraft through this port.
This separation also lets the orbital module be customized to the mission with less risk to the life-critical descent module. The convention of orientation in zero gravity differs from that of the descent module, as cosmonauts stand or sit with their heads to the docking port.
Reentry Module (SA)
The reentry module (: спускаемый аппарат (СА), Spuskaemiy apparat (SA)) is used for launch and the journey back to Earth. It is covered by a heat-resistant covering to protect it during re-entry. It is slowed initially by the atmosphere, then by a braking parachute, followed by the main parachute which slows the craft for landing. At one meter above the ground, solid-fuel braking engines mounted behind the heat shield are fired to give a soft landing. One of the design requirements for the reentry module was for it to have the highest possible volumetric efficiency (internal volume divided by hull area). The best shape for this is a sphere, but such a shape can provide no lift, which results in a purely ballistic reentry. Ballistic reentries are hard on the occupants due to high deceleration and can't be steered beyond their initial deorbit burn. That is why it was decided to go with the "headlight" shape that the Soyuz uses — a hemispherical forward area joined by a barely angled conical section (seven degrees) to a classic spherical section heat shield. This shape allows a small amount of lift to be generated due to the unequal weight distribution. The nickname was coined at a time when nearly every automobile headlight was a circular paraboloid.
Service Module (PAO)
At the back of the vehicle is the service module (: приборно-агрегатный отсек (ПАО), Priborno-Agregatniy Otsek (PAO)). It has an instrumentation compartment (: приборный отсек (ПО), Priborniy Otsek (PO)), a pressurized container shaped like a bulging can that contains systems for temperature control, electric power supply, long-range radio communications, radio telemetry, and instruments for orientation and control. The propulsion compartment (: агрегатный отсек (АО), Agregatniy Otsek (AO)), a non-pressurized part of the service module, contains the main engine and a spare: liquid-fuel propulsion systems for maneuvering in orbit and initiating the descent back to Earth. The spacecraft also has a system of low-thrust engines for orientation, attached to the intermediate compartment (: переходной отсек (ПхО), Perekhodnoi Otsek (PkhO)). Outside the service module are the sensors for the orientation system and the solar array, which is oriented towards the sun by rotating the spacecraft.
Re-entry procedure
Because its modular construction differs from that of previous designs, the Soyuz has an unusual sequence of events prior to re-entry. The spacecraft is turned engine-forward and the main engine is fired for de-orbiting fully 180° ahead of its planned landing site. This requires the least propellant for re-entry, the spacecraft traveling on an elliptical Hohmann orbit to a point where it will be low enough in the atmosphere to re-enter.
Early Soyuz spacecraft would then have the service and orbital modules detach simultaneously. As they are connected by tubing and electrical cables to the descent module, this would aid in their separation and avoid having the descent module alter its orientation. Later Soyuz spacecraft detach the orbital module before firing the main engine, which saves even more propellant, enabling the descent module to return more payload. In no case can the orbital module remain in orbit as an addition to a space station, for the hatch enabling it to function as an airlock is part of the descent module.
Re-entry firing is typically done on the "dawn" side of the Earth, so that the spacecraft can be seen by recovery helicopters as it descends in the evening twilight, illuminated by the sun when it is above the shadow of the Earth. Since the beginning of Soyuz missions to the ISS, only five have performed nighttime landings.
Soyuz MS improvements
The Soyuz MS received the following upgrades with respect to the Soyuz TMA-M:
The fixed solar panels of the SEP (Russian: ) power supply system have had their photovoltaic cell efficiency improved to 14% (from 12%) and collective area increased by .
A fifth battery with 155 amp-hour capacity known as 906V was added to support the increased energy consumption from the improved electronics.
Additional micro-meteoroid protective layer was added to the BO orbital module.
The new computer (TsVM-101), weighs one-eighth that of its predecessor (8.3 kg versus 70 kg) while also being much smaller than the previous Argon-16 computer.
While it is not known whether the propulsion system is still called KTDU-80, it has been significantly modified. While previously the system had 16 high thrust DPO-B and six low thrust DPO-M in one propellant supply circuit, and six other low thrust DPO-M on a different circuit, now all 28 thrusters are high thrust DPO-B, arranged in 14 pairs. Each propellant supply circuit handles 14 DPO-B, with each element of each thruster pair being fed by a different circuit. This provides full fault tolerance for thruster or propellant circuit failure. The new arrangement adds fault tolerance for docking and undocking with one failed thruster or de-orbit with two failed thrusters. Also, the number of DPO-B in the aft section has been doubled to eight, improving the de-orbit fault tolerance.
The propellant consumption signal, EFIR was redesigned to avoid false positives on propellant consumption.
The avionics unit, BA DPO (Russian: ), had to be modified for changes in the RCS.
Instead of relying on ground stations for orbital determination and correction, the now-included Satellite Navigation System ASN-K () relies on GLONASS and GPS signals for navigation. It uses four fixed antennas to achieve a positioning accuracy of , and aims to reduce that number to as little as and to achieve an attitude accuracy of 0.5°.
The old radio command system, the BRTS () that relied on the Kvant-V was replaced with an integrated communications and telemetry system, EKTS (). It can use not only the Very high frequency (VHF) and Ultra high frequency (UHF) ground stations but, thanks to the addition of an S-band antenna, the Luch Constellation as well, to have theoretical 85% of real time connection to ground control. But since the S-band antenna is fixed and Soyuz spacecraft cruises in a slow longitudinal rotation, in practice this capability might be limited due to lack of antenna pointing capability. It may also be able to use the American TDRS and the European EDRS in the future.
The old information and telemetry system, MBITS (), has been fully integrated into the EKTS.
The old VHF radio communication system () Rassvet-M () was replaced with the Rassvet-3BM () system that has been integrated into the EKTS.
The old 38G6 antennas are replaced with four omnidirectional antennas (two on the solar panels tips and two in the PAO) plus one S-band phased array, also in the PAO.
The descent module communication and telemetry system also received upgrades that will eventually lead to having a voice channel in addition to the present telemetry.
The EKTS system also includes a COSPAS-SARSAT transponder to transmit its coordinates to ground control in real time during parachute fall and landing.
All the changes introduced with the EKTS enable the Soyuz to use the same ground segment terminals as the Russian Segment of the ISS.
The new Kurs-NA () automatic docking system is now made indigenously in Russia. Developed by Sergei Medvedev of AO NII TP, it is claimed to be lighter, 30% less voluminous and use 25% less power. An AO-753A phased array antenna replaced the 2AO-VKA antenna and three AKR-VKA antennas, while the two 2ASF-M-VKA antenna were moved to fixed positions further back.
The docking system received a backup electric driving mechanism.
Instead of the analog TV system Klest-M (), the spacecraft uses a digital TV system based on MPEG-2, which makes it possible to maintain communications between the spacecraft and the station via a space-to-space RF link and reduces interferences.
A new Digital Backup Loop Control Unit, BURK (), developed by RSC Energia, replaced the old avionics, the Motion and Orientation Control Unit, BUPO () and the signal conversion unit BPS ().
The upgrade also replaces the old Rate Sensor Unit BDUS-3M () with the new BDUS-3A ().
The old halogen headlights, SMI-4 (), have been replaced with the LED powered headlight SFOK ().
A new black box SZI-M () that records voice and data during the mission was added under the pilot's seat in the descent module. The dual unit module was developed at AO RKS corporation in Moscow with the use of indigenous electronics. It has a capacity of 4 Gb and a recording speed of 256 Kb/s. It is designed to tolerate falls of and is rated for 100,000 overwrite cycles and 10 reuses. It can also tolerate for 30 minutes.
List of flights
Soyuz MS flights will continue until at least Soyuz MS-23, with regular crew rotation Soyuz flights being reduced from four a year to two a year with the introduction of Commercial Crew (CCP) flights contracted by NASA. Starting from 2021, Roscosmos is marketing the spacecraft for dedicated commercial missions ranging from ~10 days to six months. Currently Roscosmos has three such flights booked, Soyuz MS-20 in 2021 and Soyuz MS-23 in 2022, plus a currently unnumbered flight scheduled for 2023.
References
External links
www.russianspaceweb.com – The Soyuz MS spacecraft
Crewed spacecraft
Soyuz program
Vehicles introduced in 2016
Andrew Brody (born May 3, 1995) is an American professional soccer player who currently plays for Real Salt Lake in Major League Soccer.
Career
College
Brody spent his entire college career at the University of Louisville. He made a total of 61 appearances for the Cardinals and tallied 9 goals and 15 assists.
While at college, Brody appeared for Premier Development League side Orlando City U-23 in 2014 and 2015.
Professional
He signed with Salt Lake's United Soccer League side Real Monarchs on November 15, 2015 ahead of the 2016 season.
On July 12, 2019, Brody was loaned to Austrian third-tier side Pinzgau Saalfelden.
Brody returned to Monarchs in July 2020.
On September 25, 2020, it was announced that Brody would join Real Salt Lake's MLS roster as a homegrown player for the 2021 season.
Brody made his debut for Real Salt Lake during their 2021 home opener on May 1, 2021, coming on as a substitute in the 30th minute for the injured Aaron Herrera. He recorded an assist five minutes later, crossing the ball to Damir Kreilach.
Personal life
Andrew's father is former soccer player and coach Scott Brody. He was born in Florida where he attended Freedom High School
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
American soccer players
Louisville Cardinals men's soccer players
Orlando City U-23 players
Real Monarchs players
Real Salt Lake players
Association football midfielders
Soccer players from Orlando, Florida
USL League Two players
USL Championship players
American expatriate soccer players
Expatriate footballers in Austria
American expatriate sportspeople in Austria
Homegrown Players (MLS)
Major League Soccer players
UK Horizons was a television channel broadcast in the United Kingdom, as part of the UKTV network of channels, showing mainly BBC documentaries. Most programmes were abridged for commercial timing purposes. It took its name from the BBC series Horizon, which formed a staple of its output in the early years.
It was launched on 1 November 1997 along with UK Arena and UK Style. It also produced extended versions of top BBC brands such as Top Gear and Tomorrow's World. The launch editor was Bryher Scudamore and the deputy editor Eddie Tulasiewicz.
On 8 March 2004, the channel was replaced by two new channels, UKTV Documentary (now called Eden) and UKTV People (later called Blighty, and then replaced by Drama).
Programming
References
Defunct British television channels
Television channels and stations established in 1997
Television channels and stations disestablished in 2004
UKTV
UKTV channels
Wythenshawe Park is a tram stop for Phase 3b of the Manchester Metrolink. The station opened on 3 November 2014 and is on the Airport Line on Wythenshawe Road near the junction of Moor Road.
Services
Trams run every 12 minutes north to Victoria and south to Manchester Airport. Between 03:00 and 06:00, a service operates between Deansgate-Castlefield and Manchester Airport every 20 minutes.
Ticket zones
Wythenshawe Park stop is located in Metrolink ticket zone 3.
References
External links
Metrolink stop information
Wythenshawe Park area map
Light Rail Transit Association
Airport route map
Tram stops in Manchester
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 2014
2014 establishments in England
FC Johansen is a Sierra Leonean football club founded in 2004 and is based in the city of Freetown. The club is run by Isha Johansen and her Norwegian husband Arne Birger Johansen.
History
The club started with the objective of giving hope to a group of young people, using sport as a means of channeling their energy into a positive healthy direction. Co-owned by Billionaires CONPROLOG Ltd
In 2010, FC Johansen was not playing the Sierra Leone league. In 2011, they played for the first time in the Sierra Leone division One league. That year they did not lose a single match and were promoted to the Premier division.
2012 was their first year in the Premier League where they finished fourth behind Diamond Stars, Kallon FC and End Lions. 2013, is their 2nd year in the Sierra Leone Premier League.
In February/March 2013, the club had its maiden appearance at the continental level. It played Barack Young Controller FC (Liberian Second Division team) in the CAF Confederation Cup.
FC Johansen lost 1–0 on aggregate and did not progress to the next round.
Performance in CAF competitions
CAF Confederation Cup: 1 appearance
2013 –
References
External links
Team profile - Soccerway.com
Football clubs in Sierra Leone
Association football clubs established in 2004
Sport in Freetown
SAPHO syndrome includes a variety of inflammatory bone disorders that may be associated with skin changes. These diseases share some clinical, radiologic, and pathologic characteristics.
An entity initially known as chronic recurrent multifocal osteomyelitis was first described in 1972. Subsequently, in 1978, several cases of were associated with blisters on the palms and soles (palmoplantar pustulosis). Since then, a number of associations between skin conditions and osteoarticular disorders have been reported under a variety of names, including sternocostoclavicular hyperostosis, pustulotic arthro-osteitis, and acne-associated spondyloarthropathy. The term SAPHO (an acronym for synovitis, acne, pustulosis, hyperostosis, osteitis) was coined in 1987 to represent this spectrum of inflammatory bone disorders that may or may not be associated with dermatologic pathology.
Diagnosis
Radiologic findings
Anterior chest wall (most common site, 65–90% of patients): Hyperostosis, sclerosis and bone hypertrophy especially involving the sternoclavicular joint, often with a soft tissue component.
Spine (33% of patients): Segmental, usually involving the thoracic spine. The four main presentations include spondylodiscitis, osteosclerosis, paravertebral ossifications, and sacroiliac joint involvement.
Long bones (30% of patients): usually metadiaphyseal and located in the distal femur and proximal tibia. It looks like chronic osteomyelitis but will not have a sequestrum or abscess.
Flat bones (10% of patients): mandible and ilium.
Peripheral arthritis has been reported in 92% of cases of SAPHO as well.
In children, the SAPHO syndrome is most likely to affect the metaphysis of long bones in the legs (tibia, femur, fibula), followed by clavicles and spine.
Treatment
Bisphosphonate therapy has been suggested as a first-line therapeutic option in many case reports and series.
Treatment with tumor necrosis factor alpha antagonists (TNF inhibitors) has been tried in a few patients with limited success. Other drugs that are used in psoriatic arthritis, to which SAPHO syndrome is closely related, have also been used in this condition. They include NSAIDs, corticosteroids, sulfasalazine, methotrexate, ciclosporin and leflunomide.
Some patients have responded to antibiotics. The rationale for their use is that Cutibacterium acnes, a bacterium known for its role in acne, has been isolated from bone biopsies of SAPHO patients.
See also
PAPA syndrome
Psoriatic arthritis
List of cutaneous conditions
References
Further reading
SAPHO Syndrome by Mike Chang, M.D., University of Washington Department of Radiology
External links
Ailments of unknown cause
Acneiform eruptions
Rheumatology
Syndromes
Brian Biggs (born March 9, 1968, in Little Rock, Arkansas) is a children's book author and illustrator. He has been published by HarperCollins and Random House, among others, and has illustrated two Little Golden Books.
Early work
Brian Biggs got his start as a cartoonist for the North Texas Daily, the school newspaper of the North Texas State University. His comic, Roommates, ran until his transfer to Parsons. Then, in the 1990s, Biggs began to draw comic books, often as a part of the 90's underground comix scene. Notable works from this period include Frederick and Eloise (1999), published by Fantagraphics, and Dear Julia (1996–97), published by Black Eye Productions. Dear Julia was later made into a short film directed by Isaac E. Gozin.
Children's books
Brian Biggs later began to illustrate for small projects, and eventually illustrated a children's book series, Shredderman, written by Wendelin Van Draanen in 2004-05, which was turned into the Nickelodeon TV film Shredderman Rules. The success of Shredderman led him to do more books, such as the Roscoe Riley Rules book series and Brownie & Pearl, written by Cynthia Rylant. He became known for his distinctive style, with thick, rough outlines and his bright digital coloring.
He has recently written and illustrated his own book series, titled Everything Goes, and is currently the illustrator of Jon Scieszka's book series Frank Einstein. In 2016, the first books of his Tinyville Town series will be published.
Personal life
In 1987, Brian Biggs attended North Texas State University, later transferring to the Parsons School of Design. He moved to San Francisco in 1993. He has lived and worked in Philadelphia since 1999.
Books
Dear Julia, 1996 (Graphic Novel) Black Eye Productions,
Frederick & Eloise: A Love Story 1997 (Graphic Novel) Fantagraphics,
Un Mode de Transport, 2004 (Book [French]) Éditions du Rouergue,
Shredderman series, written by Wendelin Van Draanen—2004-2006 (Children's Novel) Knopf, , , ,
Goofball Malone series, written by Stephen Mooser (Children's Book) Grosset & Dunlap, ,
One Beastly Beast: Two Aliens, Three Inventors, Four Fantastic Tales written by Garth Nix—2007 (Children's Short Story Collection) HarperCollins,
Camp Out!: The Ultimate Kids' Guide written by Lynn Brunelle—2007 (Children's Guidebook) Workman Publishing,
Beastly Rhymes to Read After Dark written by Judy Sierra—2008 (Children's Poems) Knopf,
Everything Goes: Blue Bus, Red Balloon: A Book of Colors, HarperCollins, 2013,
Everything Goes: By Sea, HarperCollins, 2013,
References
Living people
Writers from Little Rock, Arkansas
1968 births
American children's writers
20th-century American male writers
21st-century American male writers
American children's book illustrators
Artists from Little Rock, Arkansas
20th-century American male artists
21st-century American male artists
Parsons School of Design alumni
Zhiduo may refer to:
Zhiduo (clothing), traditional Chinese attire (hanfu) for men
Zhiduo County, in Qinghai, China
Elvis Gashi (born December 12, 1992) is a Kosovan-American kickboxer currently signed with Glory, where he is the former Lightweight title challenger.
Kickboxing career
Early career
Gashi made his professional debut against Jeremy Carper at CSC 39. He won the fight by a first-round knockout. He would go on to win his next six fights, defeating Andre Shuler twice, Ben Peak, Eric Olsen and Michael Stevens by stoppage, and Chris Lukusa by decision.
Glory
Gashi made his promotional debut against Josh Jauncey at Glory 43: New York. He beat Jauncey by a third-round TKO. He was next scheduled to fight Nate Richardson at Glory 48: New York, and won the fight by unanimous decision. Gashi would go on to string together three more victories, defeating William Goldie-Galloway and Nick Chasteen by decision, as well as Justin Houghton by a first round knockout.
Gashi's five fight winning streak earned him the chance to challenge to Lightweight kingpin Marat Grigorian at Glory 73. Grigorian won the fight in the fifth round, by way of knockout.
Gashi was scheduled to fight Tyjani Beztati at Glory 78: Arnhem for the vacant Glory Lightweight Championship. He lost the fight by unanimous decision.
Titles and accomplishments
Amateur
4x Kosovo National champion
IKF USA Champion
Professional
Glory upset of the year 2017
Fastest knockout in Glory kickboxing lightweight history (23 sec)
Kickboxing record
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2021-09-04 || Loss||align=left| Tyjani Beztati || Glory 78: Rotterdam || Rotterdam, Netherlands || Decision (Unanimous) || 5 || 3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|- style="background:#FFBBBB;"
| 2019-12-07|| Loss||align=left| Marat Grigorian || Glory 73: Shenzhen || Shenzhen, China || KO (Punches) || 5 || 2:03
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2019-07-05|| Win ||align=left| Justin Houghton || Glory 67: Orlando || Orlando, United States || KO (Body kick) || 1 || 0:23
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2018-07-20|| Win ||align=left| Nick Chasteen || Glory 55: New York || New York City, New York, USA || Decision (Unanimous)|| 3 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2018-06-02|| Win ||align=left| William Goldie-Galloway || Glory 54: Birmingham || Birmingham, United Kingdom || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2017-12-01 || Win ||align=left| Nate Richardson || Glory 48: New York || New York City, New York, USA || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2017-07-14 || Win ||align=left| Josh Jauncey || Glory 43: New York || New York City, New York, USA || TKO (Referee Stoppage/Punches) || 2 || 2:59
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2017-03-03 || Win ||align=left| Chris Lukusa || Friday Night Fights || United States || Decision || 3 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2016-10-14 || Win ||align=left| Michael Stevens || Friday Night Fights || United States || TKO (Punches) || 3 || 2:15
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2016-08-19 || Win ||align=left| Andre Shuler || Friday Night Fights || United States || KO || 1 || 2:49
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2015-12-11 || Win ||align=left| Eric Olsen || Friday Night Fights || United States || KO || 1 ||
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2015-07-17 || Win ||align=left| Ben Peak || Combat Zone 54 || United States || TKO (Doctor Stoppage) || 1 || 1:36
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2014-06-13 || Win ||align=left| Mike Santiago || Combat at the Capitale 33 || New York City, New York, USA || TKO (Referee stoppage) || 1 || 1:51
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2014-04-04 || Win ||align=left| Andre Shuler || Combat At The Capitale 32 || New York City, New York, USA || KO (Right hook) || 1 || 1:51
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2014-03-22 || Win ||align=left| Jeremy Carper || Combat Sports Challenge 39 || Richmond, Virginia, United States || TKO || 2 || 1:09
|-
| colspan=9 | Legend:
See also
List of male kickboxers
References
1992 births
Living people
Lightweight kickboxers
Glory kickboxers
Sportspeople from Peja
Kosovan male kickboxers
American male kickboxers
Palagianello is a railway station in Palagianello, Italy. The station is located on the Bari–Taranto railway. The train services are operated by Trenitalia.
On 22 June 2008 the station was relocated to a brand-new station south east of the town. This was as part of the upgrade of the route between Bari and Taranto. The old alignment of the track is now a cycle way through the centre of Palagianello.
Train services
The station is served by the following service(s):
Local services (Treno regionale) Bari - Gioia del Colle - Taranto
References
Railway stations in Apulia
Buildings and structures in the Province of Taranto
Railway stations opened in 2008
Timoleon Patronis (; born 19 September 2000) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Super League 2 club Olympiacos Volos.
References
2000 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Super League Greece 2 players
Panachaiki F.C. players
Association football midfielders
Footballers from Patras
James John Calado (born 13 June 1989) is a British professional racing driver from England, currently competing in the FIA World Endurance Championship and other selected GT races for AF Corse. He won the LMGTE Pro class of the 2017 FIA World Endurance Championship and 2019 24 Hours of Le Mans. He drove for Panasonic Jaguar Racing in Formula E. His career has been funded by the Racing Steps Foundation.
Career
Karting
Born in Cropthorne, Worcestershire, Calado had an extensive karting career, starting out at Cadets level in 1999. After being a member of the 2000 championship-winning England Inter-Nations Cadet Team, Calado won the British Cadet Championship in 2001, and also finished runner-up to Daniel Rowbottom in the Super 1 Cadet series, losing out by thirteen points. In 2002, Calado stepped up to TKM Juniors, finishing fifth in the Super 1 championship. 2003 saw Calado contest pan-European series for the first time, driving a Gillard Parilla kart for the PDB Racing Team in the ICA Junior class. He finished runner-up to Nicholas Risitano in the European Championship, beating future Formula One drivers Sébastien Buemi and Jaime Alguersuari.
He moved to Tony Kart for the 2004 season, and once again finished in the top three of the European Championship; this time finishing third behind Stefano Coletti and Jules Bianchi. He also finished fifth in the Andrea Margutti Trophy, and ninth in the Italian Open Masters. He moved up to the ICA class in 2005, and won the European Championship ahead of his future team-mate Jean-Éric Vergne, and also finished runner-up to Armando Parente in the Italian Open Masters. He returned to the UK to contest the Renault Elite League in the Super Libre class, finishing seventh in the championship.
Calado moved into the top class of international karting in 2006, moving into the Formula A class. Sixth in the Italian Open Masters, Calado went to Macau for the International Kart Grand Prix, where he finished as runner-up to Michael Christensen. His final season of karting, in 2007, saw his fourth top-five placing in the European Championship, as well as a third-place finish in the Margutti Trophy. He also placed ninth in the South Garda Winter Cup.
Formula Renault
Calado moved into the British Formula Renault Championship for the 2008 season, driving for Fortec Motorsport. With no prior single-seater experience, Calado was placed into the Graduate Cup for first-year drivers. Calado finished runner-up to Dean Stoneman in that championship, and he finished seventh in the overall championship. He took two pole positions at Snetterton and Oulton Park, with one victory coming at Snetterton from that pole. He also earned three other podium placings throughout the season. Calado also contested two rounds of the Formula Renault 2.0 Northern European Cup at Zolder and Spa-Francorchamps. He earned two top-five finishes en route to finishing 25th in the overall championship standings, amassing 38 points. At the conclusion of the season, Calado enter the Winter Series of both the British and Portuguese Formula Renault championships. Over the two championships' eight total races, Calado took five pole positions, six fastest laps and five victories en route to both championships; holding Henry Surtees off by just three points in the British Winter Series.
Calado continued in the British series for the 2009 season, staying with Fortec for his sophomore campaign. Calado and Alpine Motorsport's Stoneman, both in their second season and boasting victories in their début season in the series, with pre-season testing further backing media predictions that the championship would most likely be decided between the pair. Calado was the most successful driver in the series, taking a total of eight victories, winning races at seven of the championship's ten meetings during the season. He also earned ten pole positions, and set the fastest lap of the race on seven occasions. However, retirements at Thruxton, Oulton Park and Croft took the title out of the hands of Calado and into the hands of Dean Smith, who joined the series at the second round of the championship. Calado ultimately finished as runner-up behind Smith, 34 points behind the Wolverhampton driver. Calado also contested three rounds of the Eurocup Formula Renault 2.0 for Fortec, competing in Barcelona, Spa and Le Mans. He finished seventeenth in the championship, amassing ten points from a fifth in Barcelona and seventh at Spa. He lost a podium finish at Barcelona due to a puncture with two laps remaining, which could have ultimately turned into a win after the post-race disqualification of winner Albert Costa.
Formula Three (2010)
Calado moved into the British Formula 3 Championship for the 2010 season, as part of a six-car title challenge by Carlin. He was the second RSF-funded driver to drive for the team, after Oliver Turvey finished runner-up in the 2008 championship. He took five victories to finish second in the championship, behind runaway leader Jean-Éric Vergne.
GP3 Series (2011)
Calado moved up to the GP3 Series for 2011, driving for the Lotus ART team alongside Pedro Nunes, Richie Stanaway and Valtteri Bottas. In a successful season for ART, Bottas won the championship whilst Calado backed him up with second in the drivers' standings, taking a single win at Valencia and five further podium finishes. ART also won the teams' championship.
GP2 Series (2011-2013)
Calado made his GP2 Series début by driving for ART in the non-championship race at Yas Marina which concluded the 2011 season. He had a victorious race in the sprint race, the second race of the weekend. He joined the Lotus-branded team full-time for the 2012 season, alongside second-year driver Esteban Gutiérrez. He continued his form from the non-championship race by winning the sprint race of the first round of the season in Malaysia. After taking pole positions for the Spanish rounds at Catalunya and Valencia, but not being able to convert them into victories, he won his second race of the season at Hockenheim. At this stage of the championship, he was third in the drivers' standings, but a poor run in the final four races—after crashing in practice at Monza and suffering from food poisoning in Singapore saw him overhauled by team-mate Gutiérrez and compatriot Max Chilton. Nevertheless, his fifth place in the championship meant that he finished the season as the series' most successful rookie driver, ahead of Felipe Nasr in tenth position. Autosport magazine rated Calado as the GP2 season's best driver, due to his inexperience compared to the drivers who finished ahead of him in the championship.
Lotus GP became ART once again for the 2013 season and he was joined by rookie Daniel Abt. A consistent season saw him claim two sprint race wins and another five podiums meant he finished third in the standings on 157 points but quite a distance behind the top two Fabio Leimer and Sam Bird.
Formula One
Force India (2013)
Partway through the 2013 season, Formula One team Force India selected him for the Young Driver's test in July, held at Silverstone. He had a successful test, setting the fourth fastest time on the first day. As a result of this, and his good GP2 form, Force India announced that they had selected Calado as their third driver for the Italian Grand Prix on 2 September 2013, and that he would run in the first practice session.
Formula E
In June 2019, Calado partook in testing sessions with Panasonic Jaguar Racing.
On 2 October 2019, it was announced that Calado would partner Mitch Evans in the Panasonic Jaguar team, replacing Alex Lynn.
He made his debut with the team at the 2019 Diriyah ePrix, crashing during qualifying for the first race & finishing 16th. He struggled during qualifying the following day but showed excellent race pace & in a race of attrition stayed out of the carnage to record his first points in 7th. He continued his points-scoring form at the next race in Santiago, where he finished in 8th. He would have finished in 9th at the 2020 Mexico City ePrix, but was later disqualified for a technical issue. He lacked pace in Marrakesh despite qualifying well & dropped to 16th position.
FIA World Endurance Championship
AF Corse
For 2014, Calado joined Italian Davide Rigon at AF Corse, making his debut at the 6 Hours of Silverstone where the pair finished in 5th position behind their teammates, Finn Toni Vilander and Italian Gianmaria Bruni. Calado and Rigon celebrated a podium in the second race of the season at the 6 Hours of Spa-Francorchamps. For Calado it was his first podium in sportcars. For 2016 he joins Italian Gianmaria Bruni.
In 2017 is joined by Alessandro Pier Guidi and won the world championship. In 2019 he won the 24 Hours of Le Mans together with Pier Guidi and Daniel Serra behind the wheel of the #51 AF Corse Ferrari 488 GTE Evo. In 2021 he won the 24 Hours of Le Mans for the second time, together with Pier Guidi and Ledogar
IMSA Weathertech Sportscar Championship
He made his debut in 2016 24 Hours of Daytona with the Ferrari 488 GTE of SMP Racing and take part in some selected races in following years, all with Risi Competizione. He won the 2016 and 2019 Petit Le Mans with the 488 GTE and scored podiums at 24 Hours of Daytona and 12 Hours of Sebring
Racing record
Career summary
* Season still in progress.
Complete GP3 Series results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
Complete GP2 Series results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
Complete GP2 Final results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
Complete Formula One participations
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicates the fastest lap)
Complete FIA World Endurance Championship results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position; races in
italics indicate the fastest lap)
* Season still in progress.
Complete 24 Hours of Le Mans results
Complete IMSA SportsCar Championship results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position; races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
* Season still in progress.
Complete Formula E results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position; races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
English racing drivers
People from Wychavon (district)
24 Hours of Le Mans drivers
Formula Renault 2.0 NEC drivers
Portuguese Formula Renault 2.0 drivers
Formula Renault Eurocup drivers
British Formula Renault 2.0 drivers
British Formula Three Championship drivers
GP3 Series drivers
GP2 Series drivers
FIA World Endurance Championship drivers
English people of Portuguese descent
European Le Mans Series drivers
24 Hours of Daytona drivers
WeatherTech SportsCar Championship drivers
Sportspeople from Worcestershire
Formula E drivers
Carlin racing drivers
ART Grand Prix drivers
AF Corse drivers
Asian Le Mans Series drivers
Blancpain Endurance Series drivers
Fortec Motorsport drivers
SMP Racing drivers
Jaguar Racing drivers
The Uinta River (historically also spelled Uintah River) is a tributary of the Duchesne River flowing through Duchesne and Uintah counties in Utah, United States. Originating in the Uinta Mountains, the river flows southeast for about to join the Duchesne near Randlett. The Uinta is an important source of water for local irrigation. Its tributaries include the Whiterocks River, which joins it near Whiterocks, and the Dry Gulch Creek near Fort Duchesne.
See also
List of rivers of Utah
List of tributaries of the Colorado River
References
External links
Rivers of Utah
Rivers of Duchesne County, Utah
Rivers of Uintah County, Utah
Tributaries of the Green River (Colorado River tributary)
Tributaries of the Colorado River in Utah
Alexander 'Sandy' Brown (born 7 October 1950) is a Scottish former first-class cricketer.
Brown was born at Coatbridge in October 1950. He was educated in Coatbridge at St Patrick's School, before going up to Bell College of Technology in Hamilton. A wicket-keeper who played club cricket for both Drumpellier Cricket Club and Uddingston Cricket Club, Brown first played for Scotland in a first-class match against Ireland at Dublin in 1977. He played for Scotland until 1987, making nine first-class appearances, eight of which came against Ireland, and one against the touring New Zealanders. In List A one-day cricket he made 21 appearances across the Benson & Hedges Cup and the NatWest Trophy. Brown scored 256 runs in first-class cricket at an average of 19.69, with two half centuries and the highest score of 74; as wicket-keeper, he took 13 catches and made three stumpings. In one-day cricket, he scored 281 runs at an average of 14.05, with the highest score of 47; as wicket-keeper he took 15 catches and made three stumpings.
References
External links
1950 births
Living people
People from Coatbridge
Scottish cricketers
John William "Bud" Rogan ( 1867 – September 11, 1905; some sources indicate 1867, 1868 and 1871 as his birth year) is recorded as the second-tallest person ever at , behind only Robert Wadlow.
Biography
John Rogan was born in Hendersonville, Tennessee. He was the son of the former slave William Rogan, as the fourth of twelve children. He began to grow very rapidly at the age of 13, due to gigantism. This led to ankylosis (abnormal rigidity of the skeletal joints). By 1882, he could not stand or walk.
Although he could not perform physical labor due to his condition, Rogan made a living by selling portraits and postcards at a train station. An 1897 article in the Kansas City Journal mentions that a number of his drawings were published. He declined all offers to join carnivals and sideshows.
In 1899, he was measured at , then tied with Franz Winkelmeier as the tallest person ever at the time. He weighed between and , often billed in newspapers as the "negro giant" and "living skeleton". He used a goat-pulled cart like a wheelchair and was always the center of attention, often noted for his deep voice and playful attitude.
Rogan's hands measured in length and his feet measured in length. At that time he measured 8 ft 9.5 in. He was the tallest person of African descent and the second tallest person on record. Robert Wadlow's height surpassed Rogan's in 1939. A newspaper article said his maternal grandfather was also a giant, requiring a larger saddle when he rode horses, hinting at a possible genetic inheritance.
Rogan died on September 12, 1905.
See also
List of the tallest people
References
1870s births
1905 deaths
African-American people
Burials in Tennessee
People from Hendersonville, Tennessee
People with gigantism
Korenev (, from корень meaning root) is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Koreneva. It may refer to
Ilya Korenev (born 1995), Russian ice hockey player
Vladimir Korenev (1940-2020), Russian film and theater actor
Yelena Koreneva (born 1953), Russian actress
Russian-language surnames
Tim Sheppard is a Chartered Physiotherapist. He was physiotherapist for English football team Norwich City F.C.
Sheppard was team physio between 1980 and 2001 when he left for "family reasons"
Sheppard's service was recognised by the Norwich City Hall of Fame. He was an inaugural member
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Jo Jo Dan (born Ionuț Dan Ion; 9 August 1981) is a Romanian professional boxer and world title challenger. He currently fights out of Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Professional boxing career
Dan made his professional debut in 2004. On 30 November 2013 he defeated Kevin Bizier by unanimous decision to win the NABA welterweight and IBF Inter-Continental welterweight titles.
Professional boxing record
|-
|align="center" colspan=8|41 fights, 36 wins (19 knockouts), 5 losses (2 knockouts)
|-
|align=center style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Result
|align=center style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Record
|align=center style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Opponent
|align=center style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Type
|align=center style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Round, time
|align=center style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Date
|align=center style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Location
|align=center style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Notes
|- style="text-align:center;"
|Loss
|36-5
|align=left| Jamal James
|UD
|10
|2017-07-15
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Win
|36-4
|align=left| Jesus Gurrola
|TKO
|5 (8)
|2017-03-30
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Loss
|35-4
|align=left| Jarrett Hurd
|TKO
|6 (10)
|2016-11-12
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Win
|35-3
|align=left| Rafal Jackiewicz
| UD || 8
|2015-09-11
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Loss
|34-3
|align=left| Kell Brook
| RTD || 4
|2015-03-28 ||align=left|
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|34-2
|align=left| Kevin Bizier
| SD || 12
|2014-12-19 || align=left|
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|33-2
|align=left| Łukasz Janik
| TKO || 5
|2014-05-22 || align=left|
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|32-2
|align=left| Kevin Bizier
| SD || 12
|2013-11-30 || align=left|
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|31-2
|align=left| Damian Frias
| UD || 8
|2013-04-04 || align=left|
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|30-2
|align=left| Franklin Gonzalez
| TKO || 5
|2012-12-19 || align=left|
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Loss
|29-2
|align=left| Selçuk Aydın
| UD || 12
|2011-11-26 || align=left|
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|29-1
| align=left| Iwan Azore
| TKO || 3
|2011-07-29
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|28-1
|align=left| Steve Forbes
| TD || 6
|2011-02-11 || align=left|
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|27-1
|align=left| Andres Pablo Villafane
| KO || 4
|2010-10-15 || align=left|
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Loss
|26-1
|align=left| Selçuk Aydın
| SD || 12
|2010-06-05 || align=left|
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|26-0
|align=left| Andre Marcos Nascimento
| KO || 10
|2010-04-10 || align=left|
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|25-0
|align=left| Walter Sergio Gomez
| UD || 12
|2009-05-06 || align=left|
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|24-0
|align=left| Cesar Soriano
| UD || 4
|2009-03-13 || align=left|
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|23-0
|align=left| Miguel Casillas
| KO || 11
|2008-12-19 || align=left|
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|22-0
|align=left| Peter Semo
| UD || 12
|2008-08-01 || align=left|
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|21-0
|align=left| Raul Horacio Balbi
| KO || 3
|2008-04-19 || align=left|
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|20-0
|align=left| Jose Leonardo Corona
| KO || 3
|2008-02-29 || align=left|
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|19-0
|align=left| Paul Delgado
| KO || 12
|2007-10-19 || align=left|
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|18-0
|align=left| Walter Orlando Acosta
| TKO || 2
|2007-06-15 || align=left|
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|17-0
|align=left| Ricardo Cano
| UD || 8
|2007-05-09 || align=left|
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|16-0
|align=left| Christopher Henry
| UD || 8
|2007-01-26 || align=left|
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|15-0
|align=left| Jorge Daniel Miranda
| TKO || 3
|2006-09-15 || align=left|
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|14-0
|align=left| Shawn Garnett
| UD || 6
|2006-05-16 || align=left|
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|13-0
|align=left| Ulises Jimenez
| UD || 6
|2006-03-24 || align=left|
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|12-0
|align=left| Darien Ford
| UD || 6
|2005-12-02 || align=left|
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|11-0
|align=left| Sebastien Hamel
| TKO || 4
|2005-09-16 || align=left|
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|10-0
|align=left| Amadou Diallo
| UD || 6
|2005-06-03 || align=left|
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|9-0
|align=left| Ivo Golakov
| TKO || 4
|2005-04-21 || align=left|
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|8-0
|align=left| Francisco Guillen
| TKO || 4
|2005-03-18 || align=left|
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|7-0
|align=left| Terry Lantz
| TKO || 5
|2005-02-10 || align=left|
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|6-0
|align=left| Joshua Smith
| TKO || 3
|2004-12-11 || align=left|
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|5-0
|align=left| Bakary Sako
| TKO || 2
|2004-12-03 || align=left|
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|4-0
|align=left| Bakary Sako
| UD || 4
|2004-11-03 || align=left|
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|3-0
|align=left| Amadou Diallo
| UD || 4
|2004-09-29 || align=left|
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|2-0
|align=left| Darren Kenny
| UD || 4
|2004-09-09 || align=left|
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win
|1-0
|align=left| Jeff Hill
| TKO || 2
| 2004-04-21 || align=left|
|align=left|
|-align=center
References
External links
Welterweight boxers
Living people
1981 births
People from Giurgiu
Romanian expatriates in Canada
Romanian male boxers
The 1978 South Pacific Championships was an Association of Tennis Professionals men's tournament held on outdoor grass courts at the Milton Courts in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia that was part of the 1978 Grand Prix tennis circuit. It was the fifth edition of the tournament and was held from 9 October until 16 October 1978. The final was postponed from Sunday to Monday due to rain. Unseeded Mark Edmondson won the singles title, his second at the event after 1976.
Finals
Singles
Mark Edmondson defeated John Alexander 6–4, 7–6
It was Edmondson's 1st singles title of the year and the 3rd of his career.
Doubles
Phil Dent / John Alexander defeated Syd Ball / Allan Stone 6–3, 7–6
References
External links
ITF tournament details
South Pacific Championships
South Pacific Championships, 1978
South Pacific Championships
South Pacific Championships
Sports competitions in Brisbane
Tennis in Queensland
Ronald Everette Davis (October 21, 1941 – September 5, 1992) was an American professional baseball outfielder. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) during 1962, and from 1966 to 1969, for the Houston Colt .45s / Astros, St. Louis Cardinals and Pittsburgh Pirates.
He was tall and he weighed 180 pounds and before playing professional baseball he attended Duke University.
Originally signed as an amateur free-agent by the Colt .45s in 1961, Davis made his big league debut on August 1, 1962 at the age of 20 against Eddie Mathews, Hank Aaron and the rest of the Milwaukee Braves. In his first big league game, he went 1-for-4. He played in a total of six games in his first big league season, collecting three hits in 14 at-bats for a .214 batting average.
He wouldn't play in the big leagues again until 1966, and he came back in fine fashion. In his first game back – on August 6, 1966, he went 3-for-5 against the Los Angeles Dodgers. His early success eventually tapered off, as he finished the season with a .247 batting average.
1967 was the best year of Davis' career. He appeared in 94 games, collecting 73 hits in 285 at-bats for a .256 batting average. He also hit seven home runs and drove in 38 RBI.
He started the 1968 season with the Astros, playing in 52 games for them, hitting .212. On June 15, he was traded to the Cardinals for Dick Simpson and Hal Gilson. In 33 games with St. Louis, he hit .177. Overall, he hit .203 in 1968.
He appeared in the World Series with the Cardinals in 1968 – in two games, he collected no hits in seven at-bats.
Following the 1968 season, Davis was traded with minor leaguer Phil Knuckles, Danny Breeden and Ed Spiezio for Dave Giusti of the San Diego Padres. Then, just before the start of the 1969 season, he was traded with Bobby Klaus to the Pirates for Tommie Sisk and Chris Cannizzaro.
He played his final season in the Majors in 1969. In 62 games for the Pirates, he collected 15 hits in 64 at-bats for a .234 batting average.
In 1970 and 1971 Davis played in the minors for the Pirates International League AAA farm team the Columbus Jets. The team moved to Charleston, West Virginia in 1971 becoming the Charleston Charlies.
Overall, Davis played in 295 games in his five-year career, collecting 199 hits in 853 at-bats for a .233 batting average. He scored 96 runs and drove 79 in. He hit 44 doubles, six triples and 10 home runs, and he stole nine bases in 18 attempts. He walked 56 times and struck out 160 times. He died in Houston in 1992 at the age of 50.
External links
1941 births
1992 deaths
Amarillo Sonics players
Baseball players from North Carolina
Charleston Charlies players
Columbus Jets players
Duke Blue Devils baseball players
Durham Bulls players
Houston Astros players
Houston Buffs players
Houston Colt .45s players
Jacksonville Jets players
Major League Baseball outfielders
Oklahoma City 89ers players
People from Roanoke Rapids, North Carolina
Pittsburgh Pirates players
St. Louis Cardinals players
San Antonio Bullets players
Suluk, Sul-lu or Sulu (?-738) was a Türgesh tribal leader and a Qaghan who defended Transoxiana against Umayyad conquest in the early 8th century.
Background
Türgesh was a park of confederation known as On-Oq Turks, (a group of tribes) around Transoxiana. Initially, their territory was a part of the First Turkic Khaganate, then part of Western Turkic Qaghante. After defeat of the Western Turkic Khaganate by the Tang dynasty in 658 resulted in the creation of puppet khaganates under the Jimi system. The Türgesh chieftains Wuzhile and his son Suoge were able to declare independence after the rebellion of Ashina Tuizi. However, after Ilterish Khagan re-established the Turkic Khaganate in 681, competition to control the Silk Road caused tension between the Khaganate and Türgesh khaghans. At the beginning of the 8th century, the Türgesh were subjugated by the Turkic Khaganate, but this was not long lasting.
Early Reign
Suluk was a Chor serving under Suoge before the Battle of Bolchu. After Suoge's defeat, Türgesh migrated to south of Zhetysu valley. During Qapaghan Qaghan's death and Kul Tegin's coup, they used the opportunity to reassert independence and chose Suluk, a Black Türgesh chieftain to be their supreme leader in 715 or 716. However as in Suoge's case, he was not acknowledged as a Khagan by Tang. Ashina Xian was appointed "Shixing Qaghan" and Suluk was assigned as his subordinate general with titles "Great General of the Left Wing of the Forestial Army" (左羽林軍大將軍) and "Grand Military Commissioner of Jinfang" (經略大使金方) by Xuanzong. However, this ended up causing a rift between the two, as Suluk defeated Xian on June or July of 717, besieging Aksu and Uch Turfan along the way. He declared himself as khagan during August or September. Xuanzong had to accept Suluk's independence and titled him as the Duke of Shunguo (順国公) in 718 and Zhongshun Khagan () in 719.
Struggle against Umayyads
With his eastern flank secured, beginning by 721, Suluk fought against the Arab armies for ten years. Backed by other local powers (including the Sogdians) against the invading Umayyads, his operations were generally hit and run operations and his maneuvers were aimed at the depriving the invading army of water. Although his army was much smaller than that of the Arabs, Suluk found success through his familiarity with the local area. Throughout the conflicts, the Arab army had to withdraw to find fresh water, such as in the Day of Thirst in 724 and the Battle of the Defile in 731. He was known by Arabs as Abū Muzāhim ("Father of the Competition").
Later reign
Suluk had a conflict with Du Xian in 726. When Princess Jiaohe, one of Suluk's wives, sent messengers and 1,000 horses to Du's headquarters to sell horses, the messengers read of an order from her, which Du responded by angrily stating, "How dare an Ashina woman issue me an order?". Du had the messengers caned and the horses detained. In late 726, after Du left his office, Suluk attacked Tarim Basin, causing much damage. Suluk only withdrew from the attack when he heard that Du had been made chancellor.
On 27 October 735, Suluk attacked Beshbaliq, however his forces was crushed by Tang's armies. He was then forced to send his envoy Ulu Tarkhan (胡禄达干) to make peace.
Another defeat at Battle of Kharistan in 737 sealed Suluk's fate. He was killed in 737 or 738 by Baga Tarkhan, one of his relatives.
Aftermath
The death of Suluk caused a civil war, which divided the Türgesh into two rival factions: the Yellow Türgesh, who supported Baga Tarkhan and the Black Türgesh, who supported Kut Chor.
Bilge Khagan, the last of the able Turkic khagans, was already dead and with the death of Suluk, Transoxiana was opened to Arabic conquest. Around this time there was a power shift in the Caliphate, as the Umayyad dynasty was supplanted by the Abbasid dynasty. The policy of the Abbasid Caliphs was more peaceful than that of the Umayyads and Arab control of Transoxiana was limited to the occupation of a few forts.
Family
He had three wives:
Princess Jiaohe (交河公主) - m. 722, Ashina Huaidao's daughter
Bilge Qaghan's daughter - m. 733
Drönmalon - m. 734, Tridu Songtsen's daughter
Issues:
Kut Chor (738-739)
Ton Apa Yabghu
References
External links
Sapèques des Türgish
History of Uzbekistan
Türgesh rulers
8th-century rulers in Asia
738 deaths
Year of birth unknown
Muslim conquest of Transoxiana
8th-century Turkic people
Schalk Jakobus Petrus Ferreira (born 9 February 1984) is a South African rugby union player for the in the Pro14. He has been playing first rugby since 2005 and normally plays as a loosehead prop.
Rugby career
Youth rugby
Ferreira was born in Pretoria, where he also attended primary school, before moving to the Western Cape, where he attended Stellenbosch-based high school Paul Roos Gymnasium. He was included in various representative teams during his school days, representing them at Under-16 level in 2000 and playing at the premier South African schools competition, the Under-18 Craven Week on two occasions – in 2001 for a Coastal Western Province combination side and in 2002 for Western Province. After the 2002, he was also included in a South African Schools squad that played matches against their French and Welsh counterparts.
In 2003, Ferreira was included in the South Africa Under-19 squad that played at the 2003 Under-19 Rugby World Championship held in Paris. He helped South Africa win the tournament, beating New Zealand's Under-19 team 22–18 in the final. He returned to South Africa to represent Western Province in the Under-20 Provincial Championship in the latter half of 2003.
Ferreira was included in the South Africa Under-21 squad that played in the Under-21 Rugby World Championship held in Scotland in 2004. and helped them to finish third in the competition, beating Australia Under-21 44–10 in the third-place play-off. He also continued to represent Western Province's Under-20s in the Provincial Championship in 2004.
Western Province / Stormers
In 2005, Ferreira was included in a domestic first class squad for the first time, being named in their squad for the 2005 Vodacom Cup. He made his debut in the competition by starting in their 11–35 defeat to the in Pretoria in the opening round of the competition. In his fifth appearance for the side against Western Cape rivals , Ferreira scored his first senior try in a 32–36 defeat in Cape Town. He eventually played in all seven of their matches in the competition, but could not help them secure a place in the semi-finals as they finished in third position in Section Y of the competition. He reverted to the side for the second half of the year.
Ferreira made six starts and one appearance from the bench in the expanded 2006 Vodacom Cup as Western Province finished in seventh position in the fourteen-team competition. He was also included in their Currie Cup squad for the first time in 2006 and made his debut in the competition as a late replacement in their 25–18 opening round victory over the in Witbank. After two more appearances off the bench, he started his first match in the Currie Cup in Western Province's 40–31 win over the in Brakpan. His second Currie Cup start – in the return leg against the Falcons in Round 12 of the competition – saw him score his first ever Currie Cup try shortly before half-time in a 66–13 victory. He played in ten of their fourteen matches during the regular season – starting three of those – as Western Province finished third on the log to qualify for the play-offs. He again played off the bench in their semi-final match against the , but could not help his side to victory, with the side from Pretoria winning the match 45–30.
In 2007, Ferreira was included in the ' squad for the 2007 Super 14 season. He made his Super Rugby debut in Round Three of the competition, replacing Brok Harris in the second half of their match against New Zealand side the in a 21–16 win in Cape Town. He appeared in nine of their remaining ten matches in the competition, which included the first Super Rugby start of his career – and only one of the season – in a 33–20 victory over another New Zealand side, the , in Cape Town. The Stormers won just six out of their 13 matches in the competition to finish in tenth position on the log. He played in eight of 's first nine matches in the 2007 Currie Cup Premier Division before a fractured rib ruled him out of the remainder of the season.
Ferreira suffered a neck injury in a car crash during the off-season prior to the 2008 Super 14 season which ruled him out of the start of the competition. Despite suggestions that Ferreira would be forced into retirement following the injury, he returned to action for the final four rounds of the competition, making two starts and two appearances as a replacement as the Stormers just missed out on a play-off spot, finishing in fifth position on the log. He appeared in a compulsory friendly match against an East Cape XV, helping Western Province to a 63–17 win before starting the first two matches of the Currie Cup Premier Division. He dropped behind Wicus Blaauw in the pecking order for the remainder of the competition, making eight appearances off the bench as Western Province finished in fifth position, missing out on the play-offs.
Ferreira made just two appearances from the bench for the during the 2009 Super 14 season and also played one match for Western Province in the 2009 Vodacom Cup. He featured in a compulsory friendly match prior to the 2009 Currie Cup Premier Division, in which he also made one appearance. The coaching staff at Western Province tried converting Ferreira into a hooker and he was loaned to , where he started as a hooker in their 15–88 defeat to the in Johannesburg. However, he suffered further injury to the vertebrae in his neck and he announced his retirement from rugby at the end of the 2009 season.
Return to rugby
After completely missing the 2010 and 2011 seasons, Ferreira reversed his decision to retire and rejoined prior to the 2012 season. He played in all ten of their matches in the 2012 Vodacom Cup competition and helped them win the competition for the first time in their history, beating 20–18 in a final that Ferreira started.
Eastern Province Kings / Southern Kings
Ferreira joined Port Elizabeth-based side the on a two-month trial during the 2012 Currie Cup First Division, which later turned into a permanent deal. After making his debut for the Eastern Province Kings in a match against a South African Students team, he made ten appearances for the Eastern Province Kings in the competition – starting all of those – as they topped the log to qualify for the title play-offs. Ferreira scored his first try for his new team in a 50–27 victory over the in the semi-final and also helped them to victory in the final, starting the match as they beat the 26–25 to win the title for the second time in their history. He missed out on the first leg of their promotion/relegation play-off series against the , but returned for the second leg, but the EP Kings lost both matches to remain in the First Division.
In 2013, Ferreira was named in squad for their first season of Super Rugby. He started in their historic first ever match, helping them secure a 22–10 victory over Australian side the . He firmly established himself as their first-choice loosehead prop, starting in the Kings' first 15 matches in the competition. He scored his first ever Super Rugby tries in Round Eight of the competition in a match that saw the Kings pick up their first points away from home in the competition in a 28–28 draw against eventual Australian Conference winners the in Canberra. Ferreira also tasted victory in their matches against the week later and against the in their first ever bonus point victory, but it was not enough to prevent the new franchise from finishing bottom of the South African Conference, and in the process qualifying to a relegation play-off series against the . He started their 19–26 defeat in the first leg and – despite scoring a try 12 minutes from the end of their second leg match which helped them to a 23–18 victory – could not prevent the Lions win the series by an aggregate score of 44–42, which resulted in the Kings losing their Super Rugby status for 2013.
Toulouse
Ferreira joined the exodus of players that left the Kings after they lost their Super Rugby relegation play-off series, moving to France to join Top 14 side . He initially signed for the side as a medical joker following an injury to Vasil Kakovin, but was later rewarded with a three-year contract.
Ferreira appeared his first Top 14 match for Toulouse on 8 September 2013, starting in a 0–25 defeat to in Round 5 of the competition. He appeared in 21 of Toulouse's remaining 22 matches in the round-robin stage of the competition, starting 11 of those matches. He helped Toulouse to finish in fourth spot on the log to secure a berth in the quarter finals, but didn't feature in their 16–21 defeat to in their quarter final match. He also featured for Toulouse during the 2013–14 Heineken Cup; he played in all Toulouse's matches in the pool stage of the competition, helping them finish top of Pool 3 with five wins in their six matches, and came on as a replacement in the quarter final, where they lost 23–47 to Irish side Munster.
During the off-season, Ferreira returned to South Africa as a member of a World XV that played against South Africa in a one-off match during the 2014 mid-year rugby union internationals. He appeared as a second-half replacement as South Africa won 47–13 in Cape Town.
Ferreira found himself down the pecking order for the 2014–2015 Top 14 season, making just seven appearances off the bench in a season that saw Toulouse finish in third position on the log and reaching the semi-final stage of the play-offs before losing to . Ferreira's final appearance for Toulouse came in their match against in Round 24 of the competition. He played off the bench in the second half and scored a try a few minutes later, his first in a Toulouse shirt.
Return to Eastern Province Kings / Southern Kings
Ferreira was released from his contract with Toulouse a year early and he returned to Port Elizabeth, signing a contract with the until the end of 2017. He started five matches and played off the bench in four matches during the 2015 Currie Cup Premier Division, helping them finish in seventh spot on the log.
At the end of 2015, severe financial problems at the Eastern Province Kings resulted in players' wages not being paid for several months and their affiliated Super Rugby franchise, the – due to return to Super Rugby in 2016 after a two-year absence – being taken over by the South African Rugby Union. Ferreira was one of 20 Eastern Province Kings players that secured a contract from SARU to represent the Kings in 2016.
Statistics
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
Rugby union players from Pretoria
South African rugby union players
South African people of Portuguese descent
White South African people
Stormers players
Western Province (rugby union) players
Rugby union props
Rugby union hookers
Eastern Province Elephants players
Southern Kings players
Boland Cavaliers players
Stade Toulousain players
Free State Cheetahs players
Cheetahs (rugby union) players
The 1987–88 Primera División de Fútbol Profesional season is the 37th tournament of El Salvador's Primera División since its establishment of the National League system in 1948. The tournament was scheduled to end in December 1988. Aguila were crowned champions without the need of playing a final, as they were the best team in the regular and championship round.
Teams
Managerial changes
During the season
League standings
Final round standings
Top scorers
List of foreign players in the league
This is a list of foreign players in 1987-1988. The following players:
have played at least one apetura game for the respective club.
have not been capped for the El Salvador national football team on any level, independently from the birthplace
Acajutla
Eraldo Correia
Asdrúbal Padin
Raul Esnal
C.D. Águila
Néstor Doroni
João Cabral
Juan Carlos Carreño
Luis Güelmo
Alianza F.C.
Óscar Biegler
Ruben Alonso
Carlos Reyes
Hernán Sosa
Atletico Marte
Chalatenango
Arnaldo Martínez
Marco Pereira
(player released mid season)
(player Injured mid season)
Injury replacement player
Cojutepeque
C.D. FAS
Manolo Álvarez
Rogelio Flores
Roberto Montepeque
Héctor Cedrés
Julio César Tejeda
C.D. Luis Ángel Firpo
Rubén Darío Plaino
Metapan
Clemente Uruguay Gussoni
Once lobos
External links
1987
1986–87 in Salvadoran football
The Humer Building is a historic commercial building at 1894 Sheridan Road in Highland Park, Illinois. Built in 1926, the building houses two retail spaces on its first floor and office space on its second floor. Architect John S. Van Bergen, a former employee of Frank Lloyd Wright, designed the Prairie School building. While Van Bergen designed many homes in the same style, it was not commonly used in commercial buildings, and the Humer Building's design is unique among commercial buildings in Chicago's northern suburbs. The building features ribbon windows, geometric designs on the inside, and patterned glass on its staircase, all typical Prairie School elements.
The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 29, 1982.
References
National Register of Historic Places in Lake County, Illinois
Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Illinois
Prairie School architecture in Illinois
Commercial buildings completed in 1926
Highland Park, Illinois
