Buenavista is a commuter railway station in Mexico City. The station provided intercity train services from Ferrocarriles Nacionales de México. Since June 2008, the station serves as the terminus of the Tren Suburbano commuter rail service. Atop the ground-level station and tracks is one of the city's largest shopping malls, Forum Buenavista.
The adjacent Buenavista metro station is also the terminus of Mexico City Metro Line B, that runs from this station to Ciudad Azteca in the State of Mexico. Additionally, three Metrobús lines serve the area.
History
Originally, the station was owned by Ferrocarriles Nacionales de México (N de M), but after the company was privatized, the station was closed. Ferrocarriles Suburbanos acquired the station and was remodeled beginning in 2007 in preparation for the launch of commuter rail service to Cuautitlán Izcalli in the State of Mexico.
In 2012 a large enclosed shopping mall was opened on three floors topping the ground-level station and tracks, Forum Buenavista, anchored by a Cinépolis multiplex cinema and a Sears.
In addition to being a terminus of Metro Line B, the railway station is also a stop for three Metrobús lines, Mexico City's bus rapid transit system.
Gallery
References
External links
Cuauhtémoc, Mexico City
Railway stations opened in 2008
Buenavista
Janina M. Jeff (juh-NEE-nuh; born September 10, 1985) is an American geneticist, a senior scientist at Illumina. She is the host and executive producer of In Those Genes, a podcast that links genetics, African American identity, and Black culture. She is specifically interested in identifying genetic variants that explain disease disparities across populations, as well as science communication. Jeff is a 2020 American Society of Human Genetics (ASHG) Advocacy Award winner and won the inaugural Spotify Sound-Up Bootcamp in 2018. She was the first African American to earn a PhD in Human Genetics at Vanderbilt University
Early life and education
Jeff grew up in New Orleans, attended McDonogh 35 Senior High School, and graduated from Spelman College in 2007 with a Bachelor's degree in Biology. At Spelman she was a RISE (Research Initiative for Science Enhancement) Scholar. She earned a Master's degree in Applied Statistics in 2011, and a Doctorate in Human Genetics from Vanderbilt University in 2012. She was the first African-American to graduate from Vanderbilt University with a Ph.D. in Human Genetics. She had her postgraduate training at the Center for Human Genetic Research at Vanderbilt University, and also at the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai.
Research and career
Jeff is a Senior Bioinformatics scientist at Illumina where she develops genomic pipelines used in population screening. Her academic research career has focused on population genetics, with an emphasis on admixed populations and genetic risk factors of common diseases.
Public engagement
Jeff is the host and executive producer of In Those Genes, a podcast that explores genetics and "the lost identities of African descended Americans through the lens of Black Culture." In 2018 she won the inaugural Spotify Sound Up Bootcamp which provided her with $10,000 to start her podcast. Episode 3, "Skinfolk, Kinfolk," was listed by IndieWire as one of the 50 Best Podcast Episodes of 2020. The episode "Dat Rona," featuring guest medical expert, Ashira Blazer, received the Radio Impact award in 2020 Third Coast / Richard H. Driehaus Foundation Competition.
Awards and honors
2020 American Society of Human Genetics Advocacy Award for her podcast, the first African American and youngest recipient to receive this honor.
2020 Radio Impact award from the Third Coast / Richard H. Driehaus Foundation Competition
2018 Spotify Sound Up Bootcamp
2006 National Human Genome Research Institute Scholar
Selected recent publications
Most cited publications
Locke AE, Kahali B, Berndt SI, Justice AE, Pers TH, Day FR, Powell C, Vedantam S, Buchkovich ML, Yang J, Croteau-Chonka DC. Genetic studies of body mass index yield new insights for obesity biology. Nature. 2015 Feb;518(7538):197-206. According to Google Scholar, this article has been cited 2914 times
Wood AR, Esko T, Yang J, Vedantam S, Pers TH, Gustafsson S, Chu AY, Estrada K, Kutalik Z, Amin N, Buchkovich ML. Defining the role of common variation in the genomic and biological architecture of adult human height. Nature genetics. 2014 Nov;46(11):1173-86. According to Google Scholar, it has been cited 1566 times.
Wojcik GL, Graff M, Nishimura KK, Tao R, Haessler J, Gignoux CR, Highland HM, Patel YM, Sorokin EP, Avery CL, Belbin GM. Genetic analyses of diverse populations improves discovery for complex traits. Nature. 2019 Jun;570(7762):514-8. According to Google Scholar, it has been cited 186 times.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
21st-century American women scientists
African-American scientists
American geneticists
American podcasters
Human geneticists
Science communicators
Spelman College alumni
Vanderbilt University alumni
American women podcasters
Simplee is an American software-as-a-service company that develops payment software for the health care industry. The company and its products have been featured in several publications including Forbes, HFMA, Modern Healthcare, PaymentsSource, and TechCrunch.
History
Early years and initial funding
Simplee was founded by Tomer Shoval who currently serves as the company CEO. In 2009 he went on vacation to Mexico and his entire family got sick. Upon returning to the United States, he received invoices, bills, and insurance statements associated with the trip. Shoval became frustrated with trying to decipher the documents and decided to create a software to manage and track health expenses for both patients and health care providers. He was working at eBay at the time and stepped down to form the company with Roberto Rabinovich and Tom Tsarfati, launching the company in 2010.
Simplee received $1.8 million in angel funding led by Greylock IL and launched its first product in 2011, a free consumer app initially known as Simplee for tracking medical expenses similar to the financial management tools of Mint.com. The product was branded as SimpleeONE, and linked health insurance accounts for easier management of medical bills and payments across providers.
Enterprise launch and additional funding
In 2012, Simplee launched its enterprise software platform SimpleePAY for health care providers after receiving $6 million Series A investment led by Social+Capital Partnership. SimplePAY was specific for health care providers, allowing patients to view and pay their medical bills online. Simplee raised an additional $10 million in Series B funding led by Nashville-based healthcare investor The Heritage Group in 2013. The same year it partnered with its charter customer, El Camino Hospital.
The company grew its customers in 2014 by adding healthcare providers such as CardinalHealth, Gundersen Health System, LifePoint Health, and Memorial Hermann Healthcare System, the largest health system in Texas. Simplee also partnered with ExactTarget, Vantiv, and Wells Fargo the same year.
Products and services
SimplePAY is specific for health care providers, allowing patients to view and pay their medical bills online. In March 2015, it was reported that Simplee was collecting over $1 Million per day through SimpleePAY, with an expectation to collect more than $1 billion by the end of 2015. Modern Healthcare featured Simplee's partnership with Memorial Hermann in May 2015, in which Memorial Hermann's PayMyBill technology, powered by SimpleePAY, has seen self-service payments increase by 53% and reduced collection costs by 23%.
In June 2015, Simplee expanded SimpleePay into the Simplee Financial Engagement Platform suite with the launch of two additional products: SimpleeESTIMATE, a cost estimation tool, and SimpleeCREDIT, a consumer-focused financing options system.
Awards and recognition
Simplee has been a Webby Award honoree in 2012, 2013, and 2015. It was a winner of a Fierce Innovation Award in 2014 in the revenue cycle category. The same year, the American Hospital Association announced an exclusive endorsement for SimpleePAY.
See also
Patient experience
Digital health
Health information technology
Healthcare Financial Management Association
Software as a service
References
External links
Simplee official website
Financial services companies established in 2010
Technology companies established in 2010
Technology companies based in the San Francisco Bay Area
2010 establishments in California
Selma, Rome and Dalton Railroad Company was formed by the consolidation of Alabama and Tennessee River Rail Road Company (incorporated under act of Alabama, March 4, 1848), Georgia and Alabama Rail Road Company (incorporated under act of Georgia, February 18, 1854) and Dalton and Jacksonville Railroad Company (incorporated under act of Georgia as Dalton and Gadsden Railroad Company on February 18, 1854) on August 6, 1866. The consolidation agreement was ratified by the Georgia General Assembly on December 13, 1866 and by the Alabama Legislature on February 8, 1867.
The consolidation occurred while Former Confederate General Joseph E. Johnston who had become president of the Alabama and Tennessee River Rail Road Company after the American Civil War. Johnston's tenure as president was from May 1866 to November 1867.
Alabama and Tennessee River Railroad Company had constructed of railroad line between Selma, Alabama and Blue Mountain, Alabama, including part of an extension of about of line from Blue Mountain toward Dalton, Georgia, in 1862.
A. D. Breed operated the line under lease between May 31, 1866 and August 8, 1866 in accordance with a contract to rehabilitate the railroad line and construct the extension dated May 25, 1866.
The Selma, Rome and Dalton Railroad Company constructed or reconstructed of railroad line between Blue Mountain, Alabama and Dalton, Georgia in 1870.
The rehabilitation of the property after the American Civil War and the construction of the extension of the line between Blue Mountain and Dalton was funded mainly by the sale of consolidated first-mortgage seven per cent bonds and second-mortgage seven per cent bonds.
The railroad in Georgia was sold in foreclosure on November 3, 1874 and conveyed to Georgia Southern Railroad Company on March 29, 1876. The Georgia Southern Railroad Company was sold to East Tennessee, Virginia and Georgia Railroad Company on November 6, 1880. The railroad in Alabama was sold at foreclosure on June 14, 1880 and sold to East Tennessee, Virginia and Georgia Railroad Company on February 5 and 11, 1881.
East Tennessee, Virginia and Georgia Railroad Company went into receivership on January 7, 1885, was sold in foreclosure on May 25, 1886, and conveyed to East Tennessee, Virginia and Georgia Railway Company on June 30, 1886.
The property eventually became part of Southern Railway Company on July 7, 1894, through its acquisition of the East Tennessee, Virginia and Georgia Railway Company.
See also
Alabama and Tennessee River Railroad
Confederate railroads in the American Civil War
East Tennessee, Virginia and Georgia Railroad
Notes
References
Southern Ry. Co., Volume 37, Interstate Commerce Commission Valuation Reports, November 6, 1931. Washington: United States Government Printing Office, 1932.
Symonds, Craig L. Joseph E. Johnston: A Civil War Biography. New York: W. W. Norton, 1992. .
Defunct Alabama railroads
Defunct Georgia (U.S. state) railroads
Predecessors of the Southern Railway (U.S.)
Joseph E. Johnston
Railway companies established in 1866
Railway companies disestablished in 1881
5 ft gauge railways in the United States
1866 establishments in Alabama
American companies established in 1868
The Bristol and Exeter Railway 0-6-0 locomotives include three different types of broad gauge and standard gauge steam locomotives designed for working freight trains. On 1 January 1876 the Bristol and Exeter Railway was amalgamated with the Great Western Railway, after which the locomotives were given new numbers.
Broad gauge locomotives
16 inches
Twelve goods locomotives, similar to the GWR Pyracmon Class, built by the Stothert and Slaughter in 1849 and 1853. The last one was withdrawn in 1885.
21 (1849–1884) GWR No. 2065
22 (1849–1883) GWR No. 2066
23 (1849–1885) GWR No. 2067
24 (1849–1884) GWR No. 2068
25 (1849–1884) GWR No. 2069
26 (1849–1887) GWR No. 2070
27 (1849–1883) GWR No. 2071
28 (1849–1876) GWR No. 2072
35 (1853–1876) GWR No. 2073
36 (1853–1877) GWR No. 2074
37 (1853–1884) GWR No. 2075
38 (1853–1880) GWR No. 2076
17 inches
Four locomotives built in 1856 by Stothert and Slaughter and two more in 1860 by Rothwell and Company. The last one survived until 1890.
53 (1856–1885) GWR No. 2059
54 (1856–1888) GWR No. 2060
55 (1856–1884) GWR No. 2061
56 (1856–1890) GWR No. 2062
59 (1860–1887) GWR No. 2063
60 (1860–1884) GWR No. 2064
Standard gauge locomotives
Worcester Engine Company
These locomotives were built by the Worcester Engine Company in 1867. Five of these six were converted to run on the broad gauge and then reconverted later to standard gauge.
77
78
79
80
81
82
Sharp Stewart
Ten locomotives built by Sharp Stewart and Company in 1875.
116
117
118
119
120
121
122
123
124
125
See also
GWR Swindon Class – 14 locomotives bought by the Bristol and Exeter Railway in 1872
References
Broad gauge (7 feet) railway locomotives
0-6-0 locomotives
Bristol and Exeter Railway locomotives
Avonside locomotives
Sharp Stewart locomotives
Railway locomotives introduced in 1849
Scrapped locomotives
Juckes is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Bing Juckes (1926–1990), Canadian ice hockey player
Gordon Juckes (1914–1994), Canadian ice hockey administrator
Richard Juckes (1902–1981), British cricketer
Robert Juckes Clifton (1826–1869), British politician
The Class 85 was a German goods train tank engine and standard locomotive (Einheitslok) with the Deutsche Reichsbahn.
History
In 1931, the DRG ordered ten locomotives from the firm of Henschel that were taken into the fleet as numbers 85 001 to 85 010. The Class 85 was intended for hauling passenger and goods trains. They were however also employed as pusher locomotives on the Höllentalbahn in the Black Forest. Thanks to this engine, the Höllental Railway could do away with rack railway operations from 1933. The running gear and the superheated system were taken from the Class 44. The boiler, with a few minor alterations, was the same as that of the Class 62. All the locomotives were stabled at the Freiburg shed. Apart from number 85 004, which was lost in the Second World War, all the engines were in operation in the Black Forest until 1961, the year the route was converted from experimental electrical operations with 20 kV/50 Hz lines to the usual Deutsche Bundesbahn standard of . One engine, number 85 007, was still in service in Wuppertal until the end of the year, but they were all retired by the beginning of the next year.
Preserved locomotives
Number 85 007 belongs to the town of Freiburg im Breisgau. It is not operational, but is maintained by the Bahn-Sozialwerk-Gruppe. The engine is housed in the former locomotive shed.
References
External links
History of the Class 85 in the Höllental, Black Forest
85
2-10-2T locomotives
85
Henschel locomotives
Railway locomotives introduced in 1932
Standard gauge locomotives of Germany
1′E1′ h3t locomotives
Freight locomotives
Live '99 is the first Live album by Polish singer Edyta Górniak.
Background
The songs were recorded during Edyta Górniak's 1999 tour through Poland. The backing vocals were sung by Ania Szarmach and Kasia Cerekwicka who are now also well known singers in Poland and by Krzysztof Pietrzak.
Track listing
Intro (1:36)
Perfect Moment (3:50)
When You Come Back to Me (4:58)
Dotyk (4:33)
The Day I Get Over You (8:19)
Stop! (5:05)
Jestem kobietą (4:16)
I Don't Know What's On Your Mind (5:03)
Miles & Miles Away (5:35)
Hunting High & Low (4:07)
To nie ja (4:22)
Anything (4:31)
Dziś prawdziwych cyganów już nie ma (3:27)
Gone (6:56)
Promo singles
Stop! (1999)
Hunting High & Low (2000)
Edyta Górniak albums
1999 live albums
Josina ("Josien") Alida Elzerman (born 2 April 1956) is a former freestyle and breaststroke swimmer from the Netherlands, who competed for her native country at the 1972 Summer Olympics. There she was eliminated in the qualifying heats of the 200 m breaststroke, clocking 2:28.18, and finished in fifth place in the 4×100 m freestyle relay. Both her brothers Hans and Henk were Olympic swimmers.
References
1956 births
Living people
Dutch female breaststroke swimmers
Dutch female freestyle swimmers
Olympic swimmers of the Netherlands
Swimmers at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Swimmers from The Hague
Box Tunnel passes through Box Hill on the Great Western Main Line (GWML) between Bath and Chippenham. The 1.83-mile tunnel was the world's longest railway tunnel when it was completed in 1841.
Built between December 1838 and June 1841 for the Great Western Railway (GWR) under the direction of Isambard Kingdom Brunel, the straight tunnel descends on a 1 in 100 gradient from its eastern end. At the time the tunnel's construction was considered dangerous due to its length and the composition of the underlying strata. The west portal is Grade II* listed and the east portal is Grade II listed.
Ammunition was stored near the tunnel during World War II, reusing mine workings. During the 2010s, the tunnel was modified and the track lowered to prepare it for electrification.
History
Background
During the 1830s, Isambard Kingdom Brunel developed a plan for a railway running east–west between London and Bristol. The Great Western Main Line, would maintain either level ground or gentle gradients of no greater than 1 in 1000 along most of its route. Between Swindon and Bath, at the highest point of the line a tunnel was proposed through Box Hill, outside Corsham.
The tunnel would have a steep gradient of 1 in 100. At the time, the use of such a gradient inside the tunnel allegedly provoked criticism by some of Brunel's contemporaries. Box Tunnel would be the longest railway tunnel at almost in length.
Geology
While a tunnel had been included in the 1835 Great Western Railway Act, contemporary engineers considered the construction of Box Tunnel to be an impossibility at worst and a dangerous undertaking at best. The challenge posed was not only its length but the difficult underlying strata it would have to pass through. The rocks through which it passes comprise Great Oolite overlying fuller's earth, and Inferior Oolite and Bridport Sand beneath, a combination with which tunnellers were familiar.
The Great Oolite limestone, known as Bath Stone, is easily worked and had been used for construction since Roman times. In the 17th and 18th centuries it was extracted by the room and pillar method and used for many buildings in Bath, Somerset.
To assess the geology more accurately, between 1836 and 1837, Brunel sank eight shafts at intervals along the tunnel's projected alignment.
Construction
The GWR selected George Burge of Herne Bay as the major contractor, being responsible for undertaking 75 per cent of overall tunnel length, working from the western end. Burge appointed Samuel Yockney as his engineer and manager. Locally based Lewis and Brewer were responsible for the remainder, starting from the eastern side. One of Brunel's personal assistants, William Glennie, was in overall charge until completion.
During December 1838, construction commenced. Work was divided into six sections; access to each was via a diameter ventilation shaft, which ranged in depth from at the eastern end to towards the western end. The men, equipment, materials and of extract had to go in and come out of the shafts assisted by steam-powered winches. The shafts were the safety exits from the tunnel.
Candles provided the only lighting in the workings and were consumed at a rate of one tonne per week, which was equalled by the weekly consumption of explosives. Due to the considerable time required for men to enter and exit the workings, blasting took place while they were in the tunnel. This practice and water ingress exceeding the calculated volumes, has been attributed as causing most of the deaths that occurred. About 100 navvies were killed during the tunnel's construction. Additional pumping and drainage were required during and after its construction. Large amounts of water entering the tunnel in the winter months impeded progress.
Once the eastern section had been blasted out, it was cut to form a gothic arch and left unlined. The western section was excavated using picks and shovels and the walls were lined with brick. Over 30 million bricks were used which were manufactured in nearby Chippenham and transported in horse-drawn carts. Horses were used to remove much of the spoil.
The restrictions imposed by the site contributed to a delay in the tunnel's completion. By August 1839, only 40 per cent of the works had been finished. By summer 1840, the to section of the Great Western Main Line (GWML) had been completed, as was the track from Bath to . The Box Tunnel was the last section of the GWML to be finished, although not for lack of effort on the part of Brunel.
During January 1841, Brunel came to an agreement with Burge and Yockney, to increase their workforce from to and the tunnel was completed in April 1841. The completed tunnel was wide and capable of accommodating a pair of broad-gauge tracks. When the ends of the tunnel were joined, there was less than of error in their alignment. Brunel was so delighted that he reportedly removed a ring from his finger and gave it to the works foreman.
Opening
On 30 June 1841, the tunnel was opened to traffic with little in the way of ceremony. A special train departed London Paddington and traversed the whole of the GWR to complete the first rail journey to Temple Meads Station in Bristol in about four hours.
After the opening, for several months, work continued to finish the tunnel's western portal near Box, Wiltshire which Brunel had designed in a grand classical style - grander than the eastern portal as it is in full view of the London to Bath road. The height of the opening is far in excess of what was required (and indeed reduces once inside), but it gives the feel of a generous celebratory monument to a new form of travel. That height has been further accentuated with the 2015 lowering of the trackbed for electric catenary to be installed. The eastern portal at Corsham has a more modest brick face, with rusticated stone dressings.
Commentators and critics voiced concerns and disapproval about the unlined section of the tunnel; they believed that it lacked solidity and was a danger to traffic. The GWR responded to these complaints by building a brick arch underneath part of the unlined section close to the entrance which was prone to frost damage. Some areas of the tunnel remain unlined.
Brunel's birthday
GWR franchise rebutted the theory that the rising sun passed through the tunnel on Isambard Brunel's 9 April birthday, finding in 2017 that the sunrise did not shine fully through the tunnel. Librarian C.P. Atkins calculated in 1985 that full illumination through Box Tunnel would occur on 7 April in non-Leap years and on 6 April in Leap years. The Society of Genealogists in 2016 suggested the sun shone through the tunnel on 6 April, the birthday of Brunel's sister, Emma Joan Brunel, three years out of four during the 1830s .
Defence use
Starting in 1844, the hill surrounding the tunnel was subject to extensive quarrying to extract Bath stone for buildings. In the run-up towards the Second World War, the need to provide secure storage for munitions at distributed locations across the UK was recognised. During the 1930s, a proposal to create three Central Ammunition Depots (CADs) was submitted: one in the north (Longtown, Cumbria); one in the Midlands (Nesscliffe, Shropshire); and one in the South of England at Tunnel quarry, Monkton Farleigh and Eastlays Ridge.
During the 1930s, Tunnel Quarry was renovated by the Royal Engineers as one of the three major stockpiles. During November 1937, the GWR was contracted to build a long raised twin-loading platform at Shockerwick for Monkton Farleigh and two sidings branching from the Bristol–London mainline just outside the tunnel's eastern entrance at . below and at right angles to this point, the War Office had built a narrow-gauge wagon-sorting yard which accessed a tunnel, built by the Cementation Company, descending at a rate of 1 in 8.5 to the Central Ammunition Depot in the former quarry workings. The logistics operation was designed to cope with a maximum of tons of ammunition per day.
A Royal Air Force station, RAF Box, was established and used an area of the tunnels. In response to the Bristol Blitz, during 1940, Alfred McAlpine developed a fallback aircraft engine factory for use by the Bristol Aeroplane Company (BAC), although it never went into production. BAC used the facility to accommodate the company's experimental department, which was developing an engine to power bombers and the Bristol Beaufighter.
The CAD was closed at the end of the war but was maintained in operational condition until the 1950s. The sidings were cleared, and saw no further use until the mid-1980s when a museum was opened on the site for a short period. During the post-war years, portions of the ammunition depot were redeveloped for other facilities, including the Central Government War Headquarters, RAF No.1 Signal Unit, Controller Defence Communication Network and the Corsham Computer Centre. As of the present day, the only element of the complex that remains is the former computer centre and the visible north end of the tunnel has been sealed by concrete and rubble. The former CAD has been reused as a secure commercial document storage facility.
Electrification
During the 2010s, overhead electrification infrastructure was installed so that electric locomotives could be used on the GWML. Box Tunnel was modified for the catenary and associated infrastructure. During the summer of 2015, the tunnel was closed for six weeks for preparatory work including lowering the track by roughly and replacing of cabling in advance of the catenary infrastructure being installed.
Geographical location
East portal:
Ventilation shaft:
Ventilation shaft:
Centre of tunnel:
Ventilation shaft:
Ventilation shaft:
West portal:
See also
List of tunnels in the United Kingdom
Stapleford Miniature Railway 1/5 railway featuring stone replica of Box tunnel
References
Citations
Bibliography
External links
Network Rail Virtual Archive: Box Tunnel, engineering drawings of tunnel
Subterranea Britannica entry on the Corsham bunkers
Brunel portal
Tunnel does align, but 3 days before Brunel's birthday; however the sky is not visible through it, detailed analysis of the alignment
Wiltshire's Secret Underground City: Burlington Articles, interactive map and video tour from BBC Wiltshire
The light at the end of the tunnel. How Brunel designed his memorial into the Box Tunnel, which is aligned with the sun on his birthday, the 9th of April.
Box, Wiltshire
Railway tunnels in England
Rail transport in Wiltshire
Tunnels in Wiltshire
Great Western Main Line
Great Western Railway
Works of Isambard Kingdom Brunel
Tunnels completed in 1841
Frognal and Fitzjohns was a ward in the London Borough of Camden, the United Kingdom. The ward was created for the 2002 elections and covered the western areas of Hampstead, between Hampstead Village and Finchley Road and took its name from Frognal and Fitzjohn's Avenue. The population of this ward at the 2011 Census was 11,986.
Frognal and Fitzjohns was represented by three councillors on Camden Borough Council. The ward's last councillors were Siobhan Baillie, Andrew Mennear and Gio Spinella, all of the Conservative Party.
The ward was abolished for the 2022 election, and part of its area became the newly created Frognal ward, with a smaller area transferred to Belsize.
Notable former councillors include Siobhan Bailllie, MP for Stroud, Laura Trott, MP for Sevenoaks, and Gio Spinella, leader of the Conservative Group on Camden Council.
References
Election results
The last election was held on 22 May 2014.
Wards of the London Borough of Camden
2002 establishments in England
2022 disestablishments in England
Frognal
Devin George Durrant (born October 20, 1960) is an American retired professional basketball player. From 1984 to 1985 he played with the Indiana Pacers and with the Phoenix Suns. He later played in European basketball leagues until 1988. In a Deseret News poll in the year 2000, he was voted one of the top 10 college basketball players in the state of Utah over the previous 100 years.
In 1999, Sports Illustrated listed him as one of the 50 greatest Utah sports figures.
Durrant has also served in various roles in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church), including president of the Texas Dallas Mission and as a counselor in the church's Sunday School general presidency.
Early life and college
Born in Brigham City, Utah, Durrant was named a McDonald's All-American in 1978 during his senior year of high school. He was captain of the Provo High School team that won a state basketball championship.
Durrant attended Brigham Young University (BYU) where he played basketball and started every game of his collegiate basketball career. He helped the Cougars to three NCAA postseason berths, three WAC championships, and an overall record of 79–38. During his senior year, Durrant averaged 27.9 points per game, good for third in the nation. For his efforts, he was named second-team All-American by the AP, NABC, and USBWA. He graduated from BYU in 1984.
Professional career
In 1984, Durrant was named District 7 Player of the Year and a consensus All-American. That same year he was selected as a GTE/CoSida Academic All-American for the second time and awarded an NCAA postgraduate scholarship. Durrant was chosen by the Indiana Pacers as the 25th pick in the NBA Draft. He played a season with the Pacers and part of a second season with the Phoenix Suns. He also played professionally in Spain (in the teams Santa Coloma and Guadalajara) and France.
After leaving professional basketball in 1988, Durrant worked as a marketing director with WordPerfect Corporation. He subsequently owned his own real estate investment firm. In 2009, he earned an MBA from the University of Utah.
In 2016, Durrant was inducted into the Utah Sports Hall of Fame. He remains No. 5 on BYU's career scoring list with 2,285 points.
Church service
Durrant is a member of the LDS Church and has served in a variety of positions, including bishop, counselor in a stake presidency, high councilor, and stake mission president. As a young man, Durrant served as a full-time missionary in the church's Spain Madrid Mission. From 2011 to 2014, he served as president of the church's Texas Dallas Mission.
At the church's April 2014 General Conference, while still serving as a mission president in Texas, Durrant was accepted by the membership as second counselor to Tad R. Callister in the church's Sunday School General Presidency. Durrant completed his service in Texas and officially began the Sunday School assignment in July 2014. In May 2015, the LDS Church announced that John S. Tanner, who was serving as the first counselor in the Sunday School General Presidency, had been appointed as the next president of Brigham Young University-Hawaii. As a result, in June 2015 Durrant was called as first counselor, with Brian K. Ashton succeeding Durrant as second counselor.
Durrant has spoken three times in the church's general conference. The first was in April 1984, just after completing his playing career at BYU, where he spoke on the topic of missionary work. He spoke again in the October 2015 General Conference, while serving in the Sunday School General Presidency. In his speech he encouraged listeners to "ponderize" (a portmanteau of "ponder" and "memorize") passages from LDS scripture. The day after his sermon it was discovered that Durrant's son had launched the website ponderize.us selling "ponderize" merchandise. After a backlash on social media the website was taken down and Durrant issued an apology. He spoke again in April 2018 about teaching families in the homes in a Christ-like manner.
Author
Durrant has written two books. The first book is titled, Raising an All-American: Helping Your Child Succeed in Athletics and in Life. The second book title is The Values Delta: A Small and Simple Way to Make a Positive Difference in Your Personal and Professional Life.
Personal life
Durrant's parents are George and Marilyn Durrant. Durrant and his wife, Julie, are the parents of six children.
See also
List of general officers of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
References
External links
Devin Durrant at Basketball Reference
BYU Basketball's All-Time Starting Five @ SB Nation
Cougar History – Five @ Bleacher Report
Deseret News: Durrant's induction into the Utah Sports Hall of Fame
Salt Lake Tribune: Durrant's induction into the Utah Sports Hall of Fame
1960 births
Living people
20th-century Mormon missionaries
21st-century Mormon missionaries
All-American college men's basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in France
American leaders of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
American men's basketball players
American Mormon missionaries in Spain
American Mormon missionaries in the United States
Basketball players from Utah
BYU Cougars men's basketball players
Counselors in the General Presidency of the Sunday School (LDS Church)
Indiana Pacers draft picks
Indiana Pacers players
Latter Day Saints from Utah
McDonald's High School All-Americans
Mission presidents (LDS Church)
Olympique Antibes basketball players
Phoenix Suns players
Small forwards
Sportspeople from Provo, Utah
This is a list of yearly Northwest Conference football standings.
Northwest Conference standings
Early history
Modern era
References
Northwest Conference
Northwest Conference
Standings
Addressing environmental issues in the United States, the Rio Solare (Literal translation being "River of the Sun") is a Closed-Loop Society concept. It is located in the area where Arizona, Nevada, and California meet. The project covers a 22-mile stretch of the Colorado River from Laughlin, Nevada in the north to Needles, California in the south. The project at this time includes 5 major installations along this route, each of which is a world's first demonstration of proven technologies that exist today.
History
Conception and Design
Rio Solare was the idea of entrepreneur Richard Brindisi who derived of the concept while driving through the mountains surrounding Bullhead City, Arizona in 2008. The concept of Rio Solare is a self-sustained, closed loop community similar to other global projects such as “Kacare “in Saudi Arabia or “Masdar“ in Abu Dhabi. Like Epcot Center at Disney World, this concept would be an exposé of technologies showcasing imagination, creativity, and application.
The Installations
At this time there are five proposed installations in the Rio Solare project. These are America's first High Speed Magnetic Levitated Train (MAG–LEV), America's first combination sugar cane to ethanol and cellulose electric power plant, a National Renewable Energy Lab (NREL) satellite campus, the world's first Eco Park with vertical farming, a golf course, a national media center, and a coal to solar electric generating plant.
References
Solar power in the United States
Marriage is the thirteenth studio album by Japanese Pop band Deen. It was released on 8 August 2012 under Ariola Japan.
Background
The album consists of only one previously released single, Kokoro kara Kimi ga Suki ~Marriage~. This single, its coupling song, Ame ga Itsuka Agaruyouni and from Brand New Wings's coupling spmg Flower had received new arrangement under title Album mix.
In this album they collaborated with the famous Japanese novelist Shin Kibayashi who wrote for them lyrics (along with help of Shuuichi Ikeda) for four songs out of ten.
This album was released in two formats: regular CD edition and limited CD+DVD edition. The limited edition includes DVD footage of their live performance Deen Live Joy -Break16- ~Graduation Party~.
After finishing recording of this album, they moved to the new music label Epic Records Japan.
Charting performance
The album reached #23 in its first week and charted for 3 weeks, selling 5,000+ copies.
Track listing
References
Sony Music albums
Japanese-language albums
2012 albums
Deen (band) albums
C. B. Smith Park is a public park located in Pembroke Pines, Florida. The park is in area and contains a water park known as "Paradise Cove", which is open seasonally. C. B. Smith Park offers many sporting activities including fishing, basketball, batting cages, miniature golf, as well as tennis and racquetball courts. C.B. Smith Park also has an area that is home to the endangered Burrowing Owl.
History
C.B. Smith Park was originally a plot of land that was purchased in 1959 by Broward County from the U.S. Government. Before the purchase, it was known as Snake Creek Park and was a firing range for a gunnery school during World War II. In 1967 it was renamed in honor of Commissioner Charles Barney Smith, who served the Broward County and the City of Hollywood Commission.
Attractions
Paradise Cove is the water park at C.B. Smith that is open seasonally with blackout dates during certain times of each month. It features four 50-foot-tall water slides, Sharky's Lagoon, a water playground for all ages, Parrot's Point, a water playground for children 5 and under and Crazy Creek, a 410-foot-long lazy river.
The park also has the following features: basketball, batting cages, biking/jogging/walking paths, campground, fishing, fitness facility, golf, horseshoes, miniature golf, picnic areas, playground, racquetball/tennis, shelter rental and volleyball.
Events
The 99.9 KISS Country Chili CookOff is the largest country music festival and chili competition in South Florida. It first began in 1986 and is held every year in late January. The concert features a variety of famous country artists every year such as Brooks & Dunn, Luke Combs, Darius Rucker and more.
External links
Broward County Park and Recreation Division Homepage
C.B. Smith Park
KISS Country Chili CookOff 2019
Paradise Cove Water Park
Parks in Broward County, Florida
Pembroke Pines, Florida
1959 establishments in Florida
Ephedrine/ethylmorphine (Lepheton) is a combination drug used as an antitussive. It consists of ethylmorphine (an opiate) and ephedrine (a sympathomimetic).
References
Combination drugs
Antitussives
Cemil Ozyurt (born 1976) is a Turkish-American journalist, media manager, and co-founder & editor-in-chief of the U.S.-based Turk of America, the first Turkish-American magazine in English. He is also co-founder & Editor-in-Chief of Turk Avenue, a Turkish global business portal and Co-founder of Golden Turk Awards, the only independent organization created to reward successful Turkish Americans.
Biography
Ozyurt was born in Mucur, Kirsehir in 1976. After completing elementary and middle school in Mucur, his family moved to Istanbul. He graduated from Pendik High School in Istanbul in 1993.
Ozyurt graduated from Marmara University Graduate School of Journalism in 1997. He started his journalism career while he was student in the University in 1995 at Dunya Newspaper in Istanbul. He worked for the newspaper as a reporter from May 1, 1995 to December 15, 1998. After daily newspaper experiences, he started to work for Platin, the weekly business magazine. After six months working for the magazine, he joined the Army on August 1, 1999 at Tuzla Infantry School in İstanbul. Completed his duty on October 2000 and continued to work for Platin Magazine.
He moved to the United States on June 19, 2001 to pursue his master's degree. He attended a language school in New Jersey and studied on business journalism at Baruch College, City University of New York in 2004.
With Omer Gunes, he started their first business as magazine publisher in August 2002 in New York City. Turk of America has become the longest running Turkish American magazine that has published by Turkish Americans. In October 2009, Ozyurt and his partners started in New Jersey the first Turkish global business portal. Ozyurt still works as an editor-in-chief of both publications.
He married Fidan Ozyurt in 2008.
References
Living people
1976 births
Turkish journalists
American people of Turkish descent
Rashim Padayachy (born 3 February 1994) is a Seychellois football midfielder who plays for Red Star FC. He was a squad member for the 2015, 2017, 2018 and 2019 COSAFA Cups and the 2019 Indian Ocean Island Games.
References
1994 births
Living people
Seychellois footballers
The Lions FC players
Red Star FC (Seychelles) players
Seychelles international footballers
Association football midfielders
is a private university in Kobe, Hyogo Prefecture, Japan.
History
KIC was found by Mr Tomio Fukuoka in . The Graduate School of Information Technology has established in .
Fields of study
KIC Graduate School of Information Technology has one Masters course called "Department of Information Systems" which has two courses: ICT Professional Course and ICT Innovator Course.
Course term / degree
Normal course term: two years
Degree: Master of Information Systems
Recognition
KIC ranked #1 among 530 Japanese private universities in terms of the sustainability index, composed of growth of number of students, growth of government research grant, and financial soundness.
KIC has been awarded JICA President Award 2019 to commend the individuals and organizations with preeminent achievements of the socio-economic development in developing countries through Japan International Cooperation Agency's (JICA) international cooperation activities.
Adopted projects
The ICT Innovator Program has been adopted for the promotion of internationalization of universities by the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology, and for the project to support human resource development and economic growth of programs in developing countries by the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA).
Industrial human resource development initiative for young people of Africa (ABE initiative)
The Project for Human Resource Development Scholarship by Japanese Grant Aid (JDS)
Grass Roots Project
Afghanistan “Project for the Promotion and Enhancement of the Afghan Capacity for Effective Development” (PEACE Project)
Pacific Leaders' Educational Assistance for Development of State (Pacific-LEADS)
In 2018 Kobe Institute of Computing ventured with Swift Engineering （an American engineering firm, most notable for producing racing cars for a variety of open-wheel racing series, including Formula Ford, Formula Atlantic, the Champ Car World Series and Formula Nippon. From 2000 it diversified into Aerospace/Aviation markets） called Swift Xi located in Kobe, Japan. Kenji Fukuoka, Vice President of KIC is the representative President of Swift Xi Inc.
Academic agreements
KIC partners with institutions around the world to give further chances for the students to develop their skills and international cooperation through programs selected by the Japanese government.
Advanced Institute of Industrial Technology,
Autonomous University of Bucaramanga,
Budapest University of Technology and Economics,
Cheng Shiu University,
Edith Cowan University,
Integrated Polytechnic Regional College Tumba (IPRC TUMBA),
Northeastern University (China),
Sabancı University,
Technical University of Cologne,
University of Dhaka, Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering,
University of Hyogo Graduate School of Applied Informatics,
University of Rwanda,
Vietnam National University,
Notable alumni
Akaliza Keza Gara - Rwandan IT activist and entrepreneur
See also
Colleges of technology in Japan
Institute of technology
Education in Japan
Swift Xi
References
External links
KIC - Graduate School of Information Technology
KIC - College of Computing
The Bridge
Mr. Shinzo Abe, Prime Minister of Japan, highly evaluated KIC alumnus, Mr. Reimond Ndaisaba, from Rwanda on his role of bridging between Japan and Rwanda in the opening speech of TICAD7.
TICAD 7 Official Side Event Africa/Japan Startups Pitch (Youtube)
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Education in Kobe
Higher education in Japan
Universities and colleges in Hyōgo Prefecture
Buildings and structures in Kobe
Educational institutions established in 2005
2005 establishments in Japan
An acanthoma is a skin neoplasm composed of squamous or epidermal cells. It is located in the prickle cell layer.
Types of acanthoma include pilar sheath acanthoma, a benign follicular tumor usually of the upper lip; clear cell acanthoma, a benign tumor found most frequently on the legs; and Degos acanthoma, often confused with but unrelated to Degos disease.
History
In 2005, "Acanthoma" was added to MeSH as an index term; previous indexing was "Skin Neoplasms" (1965–2004). At that time, PubMed indexed only 206 articles with the term "acanthoma" (the term usually in the title or abstract).
References
External links
Rare cancers
German invasion of Belgium may refer to:
German invasion of Belgium (1914) during World War I
German invasion of Belgium (1940) during World War II
Dave McMurray is an American jazz musician. His primary instrument is saxophone.
Early life and career
McMurray grew up on the eastside of Detroit. The son of a working-class family, he received a scholarship through Horizons Upward Bound to attend high school at Cranbrook Schools in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan.
After graduating from Wayne State University with a degree in Urban Studies and Psychology, McMurray began working as a mental health professional.
Professional career
McMurray's first real road gig was with Blues Master Albert King. Upon returning he started his own group ‘Midnight Sky' and also was a member of the avant-garde jazz ensemble, Griot Galaxy. McMurray joined the pop rock group Was (Not Was) at its inception, and subsequently contributed to all of their albums.
McMurray has had an extensive career as a session musician. Throughout the 1980s and 1990s, he played on albums for many classic rock and blues acts, ranging from The Rolling Stones to Bob Dylan.
His first solo album, The Secret Life, was released on Timeless Records in 1989. He then was signed to Warner Bros. Records for his follow-up album, 1996's The David McMurray Show.
In 2018, McMurray released Music Is Life, his Blue Note Records debut, a collection of original compositions and recognizable covers.
In 2019, McMurray performed with Bob Weir at the Hardly Strictly Bluegrass Festival in San Francisco, the first time he was exposed to the music of the Grateful Dead. He then recorded Grateful Deadication, an album of jazz interpretations of the band's songbook. It features appearances by Bob Weir, Bettye Lavette, and Herschel Boone. McMurray is backed on the album by bassist Ibrahim Jones, drummer Jeff Canady, guitarist Wayne Gerard, and keyboardist Maurice O'Neal. Blue Note released Grateful Deadication in July 2021.
Personal life
McMurray lives in Detroit with his wife, Garzelle. They have one daughter.
Discography
As leader
The Secret Life (Timeless, 1989)
The Show (Warner Bros., 1996)
Peace of Mind (Hip Bop, 1999)
Soul Searching (Hip Bop, 2001)
Nu Life Stories (Hip Bop, 2003)
Music Is Life (Blue Note, 2018)
Grateful Deadication (Blue Note, 2021)
With Griot Galaxy
Kins (Black & White, 1982)
Live at the D.I.A. (Entropy, 2003)
With Was (Not Was)
Was (Not Was) (Island/ZE, 1981)
Born to Laugh at Tornadoes (Geffen, 1983)
What is Up, Dog? (Fontana, 1988)
Are You Okay? (Chrysalis, 1990)
Hello, Dad...I'm in Jail (Fontana, 1992)
Boo! (Rykodisc, 2008)
As sideman
With Bob James
Joy Ride (Warner Bros., 1999)
Morning, Noon & Night (Warner Bros., 2002)
Urban Flamingo (Koch, 2006)
With Kem
Kemistry (Motown, 2003)
Album II (Motown, 2005)
Intimacy Universal (Motown, 2010)
What Christmas Means (Motown, 2013)
With Kid Rock
Kid Rock (Atlantic/Top Dog, 2003)
Rock n Roll Jesus (Atlantic/Top Dog, 2007)
Rebel Soul (Atlantic/Top Dog, 2012)
First Kiss (Warner Bros., 2015)
With Millie Scott
Ev'ry Little Bit (4th & Broadway, 1987)
Love Me Right (4th & Broadway, 1987)
I Can Make It Good for You (4th & Broadway, 1988)
With others
Geri Allen, Open On All Sides in the Middle (Minor Music, 1987)
Geri Allen, Grand River Crossings (Motema, 2013)
Gerald Alston, 1st Class Only (Street Life/Scotti Bros. 1994)
Sweet Pea Atkinson, Don't Walk Away (Island/ZE, 1982)
The B-52's, Good Stuff (Reprise, 1992)
Bobby Barth, Two Hearts One Beat (Atco, 1986)
Big Chief, Mack Avenue Skullgame (Sub Pop, 1993)
Big Chief, One Born Every Minute (Sub Pop, 1993)
Tim Bowman, Paradise (Insync Music, 1998)
Tim Bowman, Smile (Trippin 'n' Rhythm, 2008)
Johnny Bristol, Come to Me (Bushka, 1994)
Felix Cavaliere, Dreams in Motion (MCA, 1994)
Bootsy Collins, Ultra Wave (Warner Bros., 1980)
Commissioned, Will You Be Ready? (Light, 1988)
Randy Crawford, Through the Eyes of Love (Warner Bros., 1992)
Cristina, Sleep It Off (P-Vine, 2004)
Thornetta Davis, Shout Out (Sub Pop, 1994)
Gene Dunlap, Party in Me (Capitol, 1981)
Gene Dunlap, It's Just the Way I Feel (Capitol, 2011)
Bob Dylan, Under the Red Sky (Columbia, 1990)
Floy Joy, Into the Hot (Virgin, 1984)
Floy Joy, Weak in the Presence of Beauty (Virgin, 1986)
Godmoma, Here (Elektra, 1981)
Randy Hall, Robert Irving III, Adam Holzman, ESP 2: A Tribute to Miles (TDK, 2001)
Ofra Haza, Kirya (EastWest, 1992)
Jennifer Holliday, I'm On Your Side (Arista, 1991)
Iggy Pop, Brick by Brick (Virgin, 1990)
Jose James, Lean On Me (Blue Note, 2018)
B.B. King, King of the Blues (MCA, 1992)
Gladys Knight, Good Woman (MCA, 1991)
Wayne Kramer, Dangerous Madness (Epitaph, 1996)
David Lasley, Raindance (EMI, 1984)
Larry McCray, Ambition (Virgin, 1990)
Tina Moore, Tina Moore Attic (SBD, 1995)
Darrell Nulisch, Bluesoul (Higher Plane, 1996)
One Be Lo, The R.E.B.I.R.T.H. (Subterraneous, 2007)
Orquestra Was, Forever's a Long, Long Time (Verve Forecast, 1997)
David Peaston, Introducing... (Geffen, 1989)
David Peaston, Mixed Emotions (MCA, 1991)
Louis Price, Louis Price (Motown, 1991)
R. J.'s Latest Arrival, Tangled in Love (EMI, 1989)
R. J.'s Latest Arrival, Truly Yours (EMI, 1988)
The Rolling Stones, Voodoo Lounge (Virgin, 1994)
Mitch Ryder, Like a Rolling Stone (Personal, 1985)
John Sinclair, Mobile Homeland (Amazon.com, 2017)
Keith Staten, From the Heart (FIXIT, 1990)
The Temptations, Awesome (Motown, 2001)
Helen Terry, Blue Notes (Virgin, 1986)
Don Was, Backbeat (Virgin, 1994)
Thomas Whitfield, Alive and Satisfied (Benson Music, 1992)
Brian Wilson, I Just Wasn't Made for These Times (MCA, 1995)
Nancy Wilson, If I Had My Way (Columbia, 1997)
The Winans, All Out (Qwest/Warner Bros., 1993)
References
External links
Blue Note Records
Freedom Ain't Free
1955 births
20th-century American composers
20th-century jazz composers
21st-century American composers
21st-century jazz composers
African-American jazz composers
African-American jazz musicians
American jazz bandleaders
Blue Note Records artists
Living people
American male jazz composers
American jazz composers
Post-bop jazz musicians
20th-century American male musicians
21st-century American male musicians
20th-century African-American musicians
21st-century African-American musicians
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Charm is the critically acclaimed third studio album from American rapper/record producer Danny!, and the first of his records to be released commercially. As evidenced in the title, Charm was a huge milestone in Danny!'s career; after two unsuccessful attempts to make a name for himself in the music world (2004's The College Kicked-Out and 2005's F.O.O.D.), the record unanimously won rave reviews, culminating in the inclusion of the album on the 49th Annual Grammy Awards short list and, eventually, a record deal with Definitive Jux Records.
Widely regarded as one of the strongest entries in his discography (rivaled by 2008's And I Love H.E.R.), Charm helped Danny! achieve a moderate buzz in the underground hip-hop community and become South Carolina's most heralded hip-hop artist to date. The song "Cafe Surreal" from this album would go on to become a signature tune in commercial bumpers for the MTV early morning video countdown program aMTV, being played since its pilot in early 2009, and was also featured in a 2013 ad campaign for Crown Royal.
Overview
Development
It is widely assumed that Danny!'s admiration for The Miracles' album City of Angels, and the subsequent reinterpretation of its storyline for Charm, was initiated in 2005 when he sampled one of its songs for his second album, F.O.O.D. "Poor Charlotte", a somber ballad chronicling the life of a young woman longing for Hollywood stardom at any and all costs, was used for F.O.O.D. 's title track.
The chilling story about what one risks—in this case, one's own life—to become successful in the entertainment industry so moved Danny! that he scrapped his original plans for a third album—revealed on "We Gon' Make It" from his previous LP to be a sequel to F.O.O.D.—to narrate a story of his own, and Charm was born.
Synopsis
The album opens up with an introduction ("Intro") that features a montage of clips from Danny!'s previous songs. After a brief commentary from a very self-aware Danny!, he proceeds into a verse that explains his motives for pursuing a music career, brushes off critics by admitting he purposely chose not to be too complex with his lyrics, but that he could easily do so whenever he so chose, and reveals that during his rise to fame he nearly lost his passion. The album's "story" truly begins with the second track ("Give Me A Chance"). Now in narrator mode, Danny! plays the role of a desperate musician, also named Danny, who feels he deserves recognition for his contributions to music and longs for stardom and wealth.
Two verses into the song, Danny! receives a message on his answering machine from an A&R executive at Galaxy Records willing to sign him to the label. When the next song ("Charm") begins, Danny! is riding high on his newfound success and describes in great detail the negativity he faced to get to where he is. The album then proceeds into "It's Okay", a short song in which Danny! reassures his family that things are looking up and, now that he's achieved success, their financial woes are over.
After preparing for his first world tour ("Can't Wait"), Danny!'s employer urges him to return to his job, lest he face termination. Torn between stardom and his responsibilities at home he briefly returns, lamenting about his nine-to-five daily routine. His complaints are cut short, however, by a groupie who sends him a text message soliciting him for sex ("Temptation"). After a battle between him and his conscience Danny! reluctantly gives in, only to regret his decision. After finally becoming willing to leave his hometown—with the incorrect assumption that he would be escaping similar temptations in the future—he announces his arrival for a second time ("The Last Laugh") and wryly pokes fun at those who made it difficult for him to achieve success ("Duck Soup").
Much to his dismay, Danny!'s first encounter on the road is marred by racism ("Strange Fruit") as an unscrupulous hotel manager who learns of Danny!'s skin color prevents him and his friends from checking into a room he had previously reserved. On top of that, the mother of his child has been accusing Danny! of having let the fame go to his head ("What Now"), an accusation that Danny! vehemently denies. Hoping to temporarily forget his troubles, a good friend invites him out to a club ("Move Somethin'") in the area. However, after a few drinks too many, Danny! is whisked away by his manager to a venue in which he had been scheduled to perform (but presumably forgot about due to his excessive drinking at the club).
In his dressing room Danny! turns back to his bottle ("My Problem") and laments to himself all the issues he's had to deal with as a result of his fame. While naming out countless problems—family turning their back on him, not being able to shop without being mobbed—his only real "problem", alcoholism, takes an ugly toll and Danny! blacks out six minutes before he is scheduled to go on stage. Consequently, Danny! is rushed off to the hospital and his show is cancelled.
En route to the hospital Danny! laments again that, despite his escaping the day-to-day routine of his hometown, his life is still much like a merry-go-round ("Carousel") in which he does not wish to ride. His health regained, he heads to the studio to begin work on his album but the label pressures him to use the same clichés and nonsense prevalent in his genre of music ("Lip Flappin'"). Frustrated, he storms out of the studio and lashes out at those who feel they deserve a piece of Danny!'s success ("You Owe Me").
Meanwhile, an affair that Danny! becomes involved in with another man's wife takes a nasty turn as the woman is murdered by her trucker husband ("Where Were You"). Visibly shaken, Danny! resumes his tour but becomes extremely paranoid about the audience's response, or lack thereof, to his performances ("No Guarantees (remix)"). It is at this point that Danny! learns that fame is not all that it's cracked out to be. Wishing for a return to the way things once were ("Fly"), Danny! decides to resign from music while wistfully imagining how his career would've turned out without the stifling of his creative freedom ("Cafe Surreal").
Danny! eventually awakens ("Rise & Shine (interlude)") to realize that everything that had transpired was merely an all-too-real dream. The mother of his child continues to chastise him for his decision to pursue a music career, financial woes are still in existence and he is still obligated to the job he dreads going to. Despite his drudgery, Danny! couldn't be happier. His daughter's mother urges him to check the answering machine for a message left for him; upon playback it is revealed to be an A&R executive from the aforementioned Galaxy Records, interested in signing Danny! to a recording contract just like his dream had foretold. But now that he is well aware of the dangers of fame, will Danny! bite at the chance of stardom in real life? His decision is not revealed and is left up to the listener's imagination.
Following the conclusion of the story, Danny! steps out of narrator mode and laments the loss of two former close friends, one by death and one by disassociation, on Charm'''s epilogue ("Now You're Gone"). Charm ends abruptly near the end of Danny!'s final verse, making it to the 73-minute mark and ending on a defeated, sorrowful note.
Reception
Both fans and music editors have since praised Charm not just for its cohesiveness and overall concept, but for Danny!'s seemingly effortless way of pulling it all off. Even the most hard-nosed of critics, who may have previously bashed Danny!'s first two albums, have admitted to the appeal of the record, considering Charm to be Danny!'s definitive album. Since this was the first time many had even heard of Danny!, most reviewers felt as if he just "popped up out of nowhere"; RapReviews's Steve Juon inquired how "somebody with Danny!'s talents fell through the cracks...and remained completely beneath my radar".
Clocking in at a staggering seventy-three minutes even and twenty-one tracks, critics that have since praised the record have also, in the same breath, denounced it for being too bulky. Each track feeds on the previous song in sequence, and virtually every track is preceded by a voicemail "skit" that presumably ties in with the song that it follows.
Few have disputed the fact that Charm is one of Danny!'s the strongest works to date, with much of its content either based on events that had actually transpired in Danny!'s life, or that would eerily play itself out in the wake of Charm 's success (for example, receiving a phone call from an interested record label). The record would go on to quietly achieve a great deal of success: music critics applauded his efforts immensely, media websites began hosting his discography and in October 2006, the first of two ballots drafted for the Grammy Awards of 2007 nomination process included songs from Charm in four different fields, spanning seven categories.
Definitive Jux Records caught wind of various tracks from Charm'' via a talent contest sponsored in part by MTVu and, impressed with what they heard, added Danny! to their roster of artists in January 2007, ultimately giving him his big break. However, the Def Jux partnership never yielded any actual music released by the label; Danny! would go on to release several studio albums and instrumental records independently before signing on with Interscope Records and, later, Okayplayer.
Track listing
Credits
Danny! – Executive Producer, Producer, Composer, Featured Vocals
Alex Goose – Producer
Guleus "G. Test" Edwards – Featured Vocals, Producer
Angela "Peace" Hunter – Featured Vocals
Andrea Boutte – Featured Vocals
Christopher "Jinx" Dorrah – Featured Vocals
References
External links
"Charm" audio snippets courtesy of Barnes & Noble
"Charm" lyrics courtesy of the Original Hip-Hop Lyrics Archive (OHHLA.com)
2006 albums
Concept albums
Danny! albums
Zuikha () is a rural locality (a village) in Kalininskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 6 as of 2002.
Geography
Zuikha is located 31 km southwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Orlovka is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Pottersville is a historic archaeological site located near Edgefield, Edgefield County, South Carolina. It was the site of the Pottersville kiln, which was in existence until the American Civil War when it was abandoned. The kiln was involved in the production and distribution of the alkaline glazed wares. The Pottersville kiln site is now a large mound in a grassy field atop a hill. An adjoining depression may have been the kiln itself with the waste dumps now the mound.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
References
Archaeological sites on the National Register of Historic Places in South Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Edgefield County, South Carolina
Edgefield County, South Carolina
CBS Home Entertainment (formerly CBS Video Enterprises, Inc., MGM/CBS Home Video, CBS/Fox Video and CBS Video, currently branded as CBS DVD for DVD releases and CBS Blu-ray for Blu-ray releases) is a home entertainment company owned by Paramount Global. Its releases are distributed by Paramount Home Entertainment.
History
CBS, Inc. established a home video arm, CBS Video Enterprises (CVE), in January 1980 with Cy Leslie as chairman.
In 1980, CVE formed a joint venture with MGM, MGM/CBS Home Video licensed the film library of MGM for release on home videocassette, following the early leads of Paramount Home Video and 20th Century Fox's Magnetic Video division. In addition to the MGM film library, the company released output from CBS News, CBS Records, the CBS television network, CBS Theatrical Films, and the motion picture division of Lorimar.
By 1981, MGM/CBS had expanded from VHS and Betamax to RCA's CED system as well. Also that year, CBS Video Enterprises handled distribution of its five titles by Samuel Goldwyn Home Entertainment in conjunction with MGM/CBS. In 1982, CBS withdrew from the MGM joint venture. The MGM/CBS company reorganized into MGM/UA Home Video.
A short time later, CBS purchased a stake in 20th Century Fox's home video operation, and formed CBS/Fox Video. The new company reissued many of CBS' properties issued under the CBS/Fox label, in addition to films under the 20th Century Fox banner. Two specialty labels, Key Video, and Playhouse Video, were also created.
The CBS/Fox joint venture was reorganized in 1990, with Key Video and Playhouse Video ceasing operations, and Fox Video was created to release the mainstream output of 20th Century Fox. CBS continued to issue their product and programming under the Fox Video label until 1998, and utilized the CBS/Fox label for BBC Video programs until 1999. In 1999, CBS/Fox Video was folded into 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment (now called 20th Century Studios Home Entertainment, part of Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment, since 2020).
After the CBS/Viacom merger was completed in 2000, Paramount Home Entertainment became CBS Video/DVD's distributor. Both companies were split again on January 1, 2006, but they were still controlled by National Amusements. CBS Corporation formed CBS Home Entertainment as a new home entertainment arm in 2007. However, CBS and Viacom remerged once again on December 4, 2019, this time into ViacomCBS (now Paramount Global). Paramount continues to distribute a majority of CBS DVDs and Blu-rays, with several exceptions. Sony Pictures Home Entertainment won the right to release material from the newly formed incarnation of CBS Films beginning in 2010, under license from CBS Home Entertainment; five years later, Lionsgate Home Entertainment succeeded Sony Pictures Home Entertainment as CBS Films' home media distributor. Most less-demanded CBS programs are either released on manufactured-on-demand DVDs by CBS itself or licensed to Visual Entertainment Inc.
References
External links
Official site
Home video companies of the United States
Paramount Global subsidiaries
Companies based in Los Angeles
Entertainment companies based in California
Entertainment companies established in 1980
Mass media companies established in 1980
1980 establishments in California
William Russell Tate (born September 7, 1972) is a former American football tight end. He played for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in 1996, the Kansas City Chiefs in 1998 and for the Chicago Enforcers in 2001.
References
1972 births
Living people
American football tight ends
Oregon Ducks football players
Scottish Claymores players
Sportspeople from San Bernardino County, California
Tampa Bay Buccaneers players
Kansas City Chiefs players
Chicago Enforcers players
People from Fontana, California
Players of American football from California
Stachyphrynium placentarium is a species of plant in the family Marantaceae. Its basionym was Phyllodes placentaria Lour. and was subsequently long placed as various species in the genus Phrynium. The species is widespread throughout Asia, with records from Bhutan, southern China, India, Indo-China and Indonesia; no subspecies are listed in the Catalogue of Life.
The leaves of this species, lá dong, are notably used throughout Việt Nam as a wrapping for food items: especially bánh chưng (the glutinous rice cake consumed at Tết) and bánh tẻ. Species in the similar genus Phrynium, including P. pubinerve may also be used for this purpose.
Uses
S. placentarium leaves are used for food wrapping in Việt Nam:
References
External links
Marantaceae
Flora of Asia
Nokia C2 can refer to several Nokia either mobile phones that run the Series 40 operating system or Android Go smartphone by HMD global.
Nokia C2-00 dual sim in a "candybar" phone form factor with a regular keypad.
Nokia C2-01 see Nokia Cseries.
Nokia C2-02 touchscreen in a "slider" phone form factor with also a regular keypad. Additionally it has Ovi Maps.
Nokia C2-03 dual sim touchscreen in a "slider" phone form factor with also a regular keypad. Additionally it has Ovi Maps.
Nokia C2-05 slider phone form factor with a regular keypad. Additionally it has Ovi Maps.
Nokia C2-06 dual sim touchscreen in a "slider" phone form factor with also a regular keypad. Additionally it has Ovi Maps.
Nokia C2 (2020) Android Go smartphone unveiled in February 2020 by HMD Global.
Henriksen is a Scandinavian patronymic surname, meaning son of Henrik.
Notable people
Arve Henriksen (born 1968), Norwegian trumpet player
Bjarne Henriksen (born 1959), Danish actor
Bjarne Henry Henriksen (1904–1995), Norwegian politician
Bruce Henricksen (born 1941) American author and academic
Bo Henriksen (born 1975), Danish footballer
Clifford A. Henricksen, (born 1943), American inventor
Gustav Henriksen (1872–1939), Norwegian businessperson
Hans Christian Henriksen (1909–1983), Norwegian businessperson
Hans Herman Henriksen (born 1958), Norwegian footballer
Henriette Henriksen (born 1970), Norwegian team handball player and Olympic medalist
Johan R. Henriksen (1886–1975), Norwegian Nordic skier
Kai G. Henriksen (born 1956), Norwegian businessperson, politician, Vinmonopolet CEO
Kari Henriksen (born 1955), Norwegian politician
Kim J. Henriksen (born 1960), Danish Esperantist
Kjell Henriksen (1938–1996), Norwegian physicist
Kristian Henriksen (1911–2004), Norwegian footballer and coach
Lance Henriksen (born 1940), American actor
Leonardo Henrichsen (1940–1973), Argentine and Swedish photojournalist
Markus Henriksen (born 1992), Norwegian footballer
Olaf Henriksen (1888–1962), Danish baseball player
Ole Henriksen (born 1951), Danish skin specialist
Per Rune Henriksen (born 1960), Norwegian politician
Peter Henriksen (born 1972), Danish team handball player
Rein Henriksen (1915–1994), Norwegian lawyer and industrialist
René Henriksen (born 1969), Danish footballer
Soren Henriksen (born 1964), Danish cricketer
Sophus Henrichsen (1845–1928), Norwegian physicist
Tony Henriksen (born 1973), Danish football goalkeeper
Tor Arne Lau Henriksen, Norwegian military officer
Trond Henriksen (born 1964), Norwegian footballer
Vera Henriksen (1927–2016), Norwegian author
See also
Henriksson
Hinrichsen
Danish-language surnames
Norwegian-language surnames
Patronymic surnames
Surnames from given names
Miles Davis Volume 2 is the fifth studio album by musician Miles Davis. It refers to two separate but related entities. The first is a Miles Davis studio album released by Blue Note Records as a 10-inch LP, as BLP 5022 in 1953. The six tracks from this LP plus five alternate takes were released on CD in 1990 and remastered with restored artwork in 2001.
The second Miles Davis Volume 2 is a compilation of tracks from all three of his sessions with the label, released (with different cover art) in 1956 as BLP 1502.
The original 10-inch LP (BLP 5022) contained music from Davis' second session for Blue Note, recorded April 20, 1953. The recording was made at a point in Davis' life when he was struggling with heroin addiction, and in his autobiography Davis remembers that he, Jimmy Heath, and Art Blakey were all very high in the studio. Davis also states that the song title "C.T.A." was named after Heath's girlfriend Connie Theresa Ann.
The 1990 CD (Blue Note CDP 7 81502 2) contained the music recorded at the April 20, 1953, session, including all of the original 10"LP, along with alternate takes from the same session, but using the cover art from the 1956 compilation LP. The 2001 CD (Blue Note 7243 5 32611 2 2), remastered by Rudy Van Gelder, restored the artwork from BLP 5022 with the same track list. Davis' other recordings for Blue Note (in 1952 and 1954) are collected on the RVG CD edition of Miles Davis Volume 1.
The 12-inch LP (BLP 1502) was originally released in 1956 (following Miles Davis Volume 1 (BLP 1501)) after Davis won the Down Beat readers poll as best trumpeter. The two volumes of repackaged Miles Davis material were the first releases in Blue Note's new 1500 series of 12"LPs. The music compiled on the two volumes was from three separate recording sessions made over 1952–54, some of which had been previously issued as singles, and as three now discontinued 10" LPs. Volume 2 contained material from all three sessions, and some previously unreleased alternate takes. The master takes of the March 6, 1954 session, which made up the bulk of the 12"LP, had originally been issued in 10"LP formats under the title Miles Davis, Volume 3 (BLP 5040), and the May 9, 1952 material had been previously released the 10" LP Young Man with a Horn (BLP 5013). Some Japanese CD versions reproduce the original 12"LP running order.
Track listing
10" LP
BLP 5022, all tracks recorded April 20, 1953:
CD
RVG Edition released 2001, all tracks recorded April 20, 1953:
12" LP
BLP 1502:
Personnel
May 9, 1952
Miles Davis – trumpet
J. J. Johnson – trombone
Jackie McLean – alto saxophone
Gil Coggins – piano
Oscar Pettiford – bass
Kenny Clarke – drums
April 20, 1953
Miles Davis – trumpet
J. J. Johnson – trombone
Jimmy Heath – tenor saxophone
Gil Coggins – piano
Percy Heath – bass
Art Blakey – drums
March 6, 1954
Miles Davis – trumpet
Horace Silver – piano
Percy Heath – bass
Art Blakey – drums
References
1956 compilation albums
Albums produced by Michael Cuscuna
Blue Note Records compilation albums
Miles Davis compilation albums
de:Miles Davis Volume 2
Clark Sampson is an American curler, and a 1971 United States men's curling champion.
Teams
References
External links
Living people
American male curlers
World curling champions
American curling champions
Year of birth missing (living people)
Jagatpur is a village in Barhara block of Bhojpur district in Bihar, India. As of 2011, its population was 1,975, in 314 households.
References
Villages in Bhojpur district, India
Glyphipterix clearcha is a species of sedge moth in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1921. It is found on Java.
References
Moths described in 1921
Glyphipterigidae
Moths of Indonesia
The Sultan Kudarat Provincial Board is the Sangguniang Panlalawigan (provincial legislature) of the Philippine province of Sultan Kudarat.
The members are elected via plurality-at-large voting: the province is divided into two districts, each having five seats. A voter votes up to five names, with the top five candidates per district being elected. The vice governor is the ex officio presiding officer, and only votes to break ties. The vice governor is elected via the plurality voting system province-wide.
The districts used in appropriation of members is coextensive with the legislative districts of Sultan Kudarat.
Aside from the regular members, the board also includes the provincial federation presidents of the Liga ng mga Barangay (ABC, from its old name "Association of Barangay Captains"), the Sangguniang Kabataan (SK, youth councils) and the Philippine Councilors League (PCL).
Apportionment
List of members
Current members
These are the members after the 2019 local elections and 2018 barangay and SK elections:
Vice Governor: Jose Segura (PDP–Laban)
Replaced Vice Governor Ramon Abalos (PDP–Laban) who died on November 30, 2019.
Replaced Jose Segura who became vice governor on Ramon Abalos's death.
References
Politics of Sultan Kudarat
Provincial boards in the Philippines
Zuccarinia is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the family Rubiaceae. It was described by Carl Ludwig Blume in 1826. The genus contains only one species, i.e. Zuccarinia macrophylla, which is endemic to western Malesia.
Former species
Zuccarinia cordata Ridl. = Zuccarinia macrophylla Blume
Zuccarinia ornata (Wall.) Spreng. = Jackiopsis ornata (Wall.) Ridsdale
References
External links
World Checklist of Rubiaceae
Monotypic Rubiaceae genera
Octotropideae
Razmik Martirosi Martirosyan (; born 24 May 1959 ) is an Armenian Politician.
Biography
Martirosyan was born in the village of Vosketap of the Ararat Region. He is a member of the Republican Party of Armenia, as well as a member of the Union of “Yerkrapah” Volunteers. In 1976, he finished the local school and entered the YSU Faculty of History from which he graduated in 1981. Between 1981 and 1984, Martirosyan was a teacher of History at secondary school of Vosketap and from 1984 to 1985, he worked as school organizer, eventually becoming an Instructor of the Staff Department of Ararat Regional Committee of Komsomol. From 1985 to 1987, he served in the Soviet armed forces as an officer and civil worker. After demobilization, in 1987 to 1988 he worked as an instructor at №2 secondary school of Ararat village.
In 1988-1993, Razmik Martirosyan was the principal of secondary school of the village Yeghegnavan, Ararat Region.
In December 1992, Razmik Martirosyan was elected Deputy of the RA Supreme Council, then in 1993 became a member of the Standing Committee on Local Self-Government Affairs.
In 1995, he was elected as Republic of Armenia's National Assembly Deputy and since March 1998, serves as Head of the Republic of Armenia's National Assembly Standing Committee of Defense, National Security and Internal Affairs. In 1999, Martirosyan was elected Republic of Armenia's National Assembly Deputy, and on 19 June he became the Minister of Social Security. He held the post till February 2000, and, shortly afterwards, he was again in office until May 2003. In 2003, Martirosyan was elected Deputy of the National Assembly of the Republic of Armenia.
References
1959 births
Living people
Government ministers of Armenia
Labor and Social Affairs ministers of Armenia
Republican Party of Armenia politicians
Yerevan State University alumni
Russet Pikes () are Antarctic peaks just east of the mouth of Gaul Cove on Horseshoe Island. Surveyed by Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS) in 1955–57. The name is descriptive; reddish-brown colour is visible on the feature most of the year, the slopes being too steep to retain snow cover for any length of time.
Mountains of Graham Land
Fallières Coast
Bogdan Stefanović (born 9 July 1977 in Stara Pazova) is a retired Serbian-Slovak football goalkeeper.
Career statistics
2004/2005 - Tatran Prešov - II.League: 29 Matches
2005/2006 - Tatran Prešov - II.League: 13 Matches
2006/2007 - Tatran Prešov - II.League: 03 Matches
2006/2007 - FK Ekranas - A Lyga: 33 Matches
2007/2008 - FK Ekranas - A Lyga: 08 Matches, UEFA-Cup Qualifikation: 1 Match
2008/2009 - FK Ekranas - UI Cup: 03 Matches
2009/2010 - MFK Košice - Corgoň liga: 08 Matches
External links
MFK Košice profile
References
1977 births
Living people
Serbian footballers
Association football goalkeepers
MŠK Rimavská Sobota players
1. FC Tatran Prešov players
FC VSS Košice players
FK Ekranas players
ŠK Futura Humenné players
Slovak Super Liga players
People from Stara Pazova
Changshu Road () is an interchange station between lines 1 and 7 of the Shanghai Metro. It is situated in Shanghai's Xuhui District, within the inner ring-road. Furthermore, it provides access to the shopping street Huaihai Road, Shanghai Conservatory of Music as well as the former colonial neighborhood previously called The French Concession.
This station opened on 10 April 1995 as part of the section between and ; the interchange with Line 7 opened on 5 December 2009, as part of the latter line's initial section between and . Line 10 passes close by, but does not stop here due to construction difficulties.
Station Layout
Places nearby
Huaihai Road, shopping street
Shanghai Conservatory of Music
References
Line 1, Shanghai Metro
Line 7, Shanghai Metro
Shanghai Metro stations in Xuhui District
Railway stations in China opened in 1995
Railway stations in Shanghai
San Carlos is a town and municipality located in the Córdoba Department, northern Colombia.
References
Gobernacion de Cordoba - San Carlos
Municipalities of Córdoba Department
The Ipswich Jazz Festival is a jazz music and arts festival held in Ipswich, Suffolk. The first event was held in 2015 in partnership with the Ipswich Arts Festival and mixes established talent, rising stars and regional players. It also features art and photography exhibitions, film screenings and workshops held in venues across the town.
Local Musicians
The festival organisers have been keen to promote up and coming talent and the festival features a number of performances by local jazz musicians.
Exhibitions, Films and Workshops
The festival also features art and photographic exhibitions and screenings of classic jazz films. Jazz workshops allow everyone to get involved in making music.
Jazz musicians at Ipswich Jazz Festival
Jazz musicians who have performed at the Ipswich Jazz Festival
2015
Big names
Clare Teal, Zoe Francis, Jim Mullen, Noemi Nuti, Jason Rebello, Andrew McCormack, Quentin Collins, Mick Hutton.
Local Musicians
Morphology, Jazz Arrivals, Last Orders, Phoenix Jazz, Haunted Kitchen, Steam on my Clothes, Body and Soul, Weird Rare Animal
Exhibitions, Films and Workshops
Jazz Art and Artifacts Exhibition, Jazz Camera exhibition by John Watson, Mo' Better Blues, The Man with the Jazz Guitar (biography of Ken Sykora), Jazz Drumming for Absolute Beginners, Learn How to Sing Jazz, Jazz Masterclass with Clare Teal's band.
References
External links
http://www.ipswichjazzfestival.org.uk/
https://web.archive.org/web/20150702134036/http://www.jazzjournal.co.uk/jazz-latest-news/923/review-ipswich-jazz-festival
https://web.archive.org/web/20150701101624/http://www.insuffolk.com/first-ipswich-jazz-festival-this-june/
https://web.archive.org/web/20150924040029/http://www.ipswich-waterfront.co.uk/ipswich-jazz-festival-2015/
Jazz festivals in the United Kingdom
Music festivals in Suffolk
Annual events in England
Music festivals established in 2015
2015 establishments in England
Ipswich
Nurnisa Abbas is a Uyghur musician known for Uyghur opera music. She also currently serves as a judge on the reality talent show The Voice of the Silk Road.
References
Uyghur music
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Uyghur people
21st-century Chinese women singers
Pape N'Diaye Souaré (; born 6 June 1990) is a Senegalese professional footballer who plays as a left back. He is currently a free agent.
Club career
Born in Mbao, Pikine Department, Souaré spent his early career with Diambars, Lille II, Lille and Reims.
He moved to Crystal Palace on a three-and-a half-year deal in January 2015 for an undisclosed fee, reported as £3.45 million. He made his Palace debut on 14 February in the fifth round of the FA Cup, a 2–1 home loss to Liverpool, and was described by Dominic Fifield of The Observer as looking "rusty and susceptible".
On 22 January 2016, it was announced that Souaré had signed a new three-and-a half-year contract with Palace. He was sent off on 13 February at the end of a 2–1 loss to Watford at Selhurst Park, for fouling Valon Behrami.
After over a year out of football following a car crash, Souaré made his first appearance on 19 September 2017 in a 1–0 home win over Huddersfield Town in the third round of the EFL Cup. He was praised for his performance by manager Roy Hodgson.
In August 2019, after his contract with Crystal Palace expired, Souaré joined French Ligue 2 club Troyes on a one-season contract with an option of a further 12 months.
In July 2021, having made no appearances for Troyes in the previous season, Souaré trained with the Crystal Palace under-23 squad, with a view to maintain fitness, and appeared in pre-season matches for the side.
On 6 September 2021, Souaré returned to England to join League One club Charlton Athletic on a one-year deal. On 10 May 2022, it was confirmed that Souaré would leave Charlton Athletic when his contract expired at the end of the season.
International career
Souaré made his international debut for Senegal on 29 February 2012, in a goalless friendly draw against South Africa at the Moses Mabhida Stadium in Durban. He later competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics, and was a squad member at the 2015 Africa Cup of Nations. He scored his first international goal from a 20-yard free kick on 29 March 2016 as the Lions de Teranga won 2–1 away to Niger in 2017 Africa Cup of Nations qualification. Following his car crash, he returned to the national team in March 2018.
He was not included in Senegal's squad for the 2018 FIFA World Cup.
Personal life
On 11 September 2016, Souaré was airlifted to hospital after being involved in a road accident on the M4. He sustained injuries to his thigh and jawbone. It was thought that he would be out for six months, although he returned to training after 11 months.
Career statistics
International goals
Scores and results list Senegal's goal tally first.
Honours
Lille
Ligue 1: 2010–11
Crystal Palace
FA Cup runner-up: 2015–16
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
People from Dakar Region
Association football fullbacks
Senegalese footballers
Diambars FC players
Lille OSC players
Stade de Reims players
Crystal Palace F.C. players
ES Troyes AC players
Charlton Athletic F.C. players
Ligue 1 players
Premier League players
Ligue 2 players
Senegalese expatriate footballers
Senegalese expatriate sportspeople in France
Expatriate footballers in France
Senegalese expatriate sportspeople in England
Expatriate footballers in England
Senegal international footballers
Olympic footballers of Senegal
Footballers at the 2012 Summer Olympics
2015 Africa Cup of Nations players
FA Cup Final players
English Football League players
A flagger is a traffic guard who directs traffic with flags.
Flagger may also refer to:
A member of Color guard (flag spinning)
A performer of the Italian art of flag throwing
A flagging dance
Flaggers (movement), in the Southern U.S., devoted to making the Confederate battle flag more visible
See also
Flagging (disambiguation)
Veena Talwar Oldenburg is Professor of History at Baruch College and The Graduate from Center of the City University of New York. She is best known for her widely reviewed book on Dowry murder.
Oldenburg is a native of Lucknow, India. She has a bachelor's degree from Loreto Convent College and an M.A. from the University of Lucknow. She has a second master's from the University of Bridgeport which she earned shortly after immigrating to the United States in 1970 and a Ph.D. from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
Oldenburg has previously taught at Sarah Lawrence College and Columbia University. She is a 2016 Fulbright Nehru Senior Scholar.
Works
She has authored a number of books on Indian history:
The Making of Colonial Lucknow, 1856-1877 Princeton, N.J. : Princeton University Press, ©1984.
Dowry murder : the imperial origins of a cultural crime : Oxford ; New York : Oxford University Press, 2002.
Review, The American historical review. 112, no. 2, (2007): 484
Review, International Journal of Hindu Studies, 10, no. 1 (2006): 117-118
Review, Estudios de Asia y Africa. 40, no. 3, (2005): 709
Review, The Indian economic and social history review. 41, no. 4, (2004): 516
Lifestyle as resistance: the case of the courtesans of Lucknow. \
Sources
University of Lucknow alumni
Indian emigrants to the United States
University of Bridgeport alumni
University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign alumni
Sarah Lawrence College faculty
Columbia University faculty
City University of New York faculty
American Hindus
Living people
American women historians
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American women
The 1974 Grambling Tigers football team represented Grambling State University as a member of the Southwestern Athletic Conference (SWAC) during the 1974 NCAA Division II football season. In its 32nd season under head coach Eddie Robinson, Grambling compiled an 11–1 record (5–1 against conference opponents), tied for the SWAC championship, defeated in the Pelican Bowl, and outscored opponents by a total of 308 to 120. The team was recognized as the 1974 black college football national co-champion and was ranked No. 7 by the Associated Press in the final 1974 NCAA College Division football rankings.
Key players included freshman quarterback Doug Williams and split end Dwight Scales. Williams later played nine seasons in the National Football League.
Schedule
Roster
Game summaries
Jackson State
1975 NFL Draft
References
Grambling State
Grambling State Tigers football seasons
Black college football national champions
Southwestern Athletic Conference football champion seasons
Grambling State Tigers football
Balcılar is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 51 people.
References
Villages in Gerede District
Mesut Akusta (born 22 February 1964) is a Turkish actor.
Akusta was born in Konya. He finished elementary school there. Upon his father's retirement, the family moved to Ayfon and in 1976 he started secondary school. After his father's death, he moved with his family to Ankara in 1985. After passing the university entrance exam won a place in the school of literature and arts. He started his career by appearing in plays for children. In 1992, he joined the cast of Yeditepe Hadi Çaman Theatre. In 1997, he appeared in an adaptation of Nezihe Araz's play Cahide. He also appeared in a number of musicals, including Fehim Paşa Konağı, Atları da Vurdular and Şerefe Yirminci Yüzyıl.
Akusta made his cinematic debut with Yanlış Saksının Çiçeği. He also pursued a career on television, most notably appearing in a leading role on the 2013 drama series Karagül. He continued his career by taking part in the movies Herşey Çok Güzel Olacak, Eylül Fırtınası, and Filler ve Çimen before appearing in the 2019 drama movie 7. Koğuştaki Mucize, which was critically praised.
Filmography
2021: Teşkilat - Mete
2020: Babil - Süleyman
2019: 7. Koğuştaki Mucize - Yusuf
2019: Yüzleşme - Battal Torosoğlu
2018: Börü - İrfan Aladağ
2017: Eşkıya Dünyaya Hükümdar Olmaz - (Natocu) Ekrem Yıldıran
2017: Ölene Kadar - Tekin Zerdan
2017: Yıldızlar Şahidim - Fikret
2016: Köroğlu - Bolu Beyi
2013: Karagül - Kendal Şamverdi
2011: Ay Tutulması - Şevket
2009: Ezel
2009: Umut - Turan Bey
2009: Kurtlar Vadisi Pusu - Ünsal Kemal Alnıaçık
2008: İpsiz Recep - Şerif
2007: Sessiz Fırtına
2006: Karagümrük Yanıyor - Gafur
2004: Çocuklar Ne Olacak - Oktay
2003: Kurşun Yarası - Rıza
2001: Benimle Evlenir misin?
2001: Güz Gülleri
1999: Herşey Çok Güzel Olacak - Receptionist
1998: Affet Bizi Hocam
1998: Deli Yürek - Burhan
1993: Son Söz Sevginin
References
External links
Living people
1964 births
Turkish male stage actors
Turkish male television actors
Turkish male film actors
People from Konya
Pitkin County is a county in the U.S. state of Colorado. As of the 2020 census, the population was 17,358. The county seat and largest city is Aspen. The county is named for Colorado Governor Frederick Walker Pitkin. Pitkin County has the seventh-highest per capita income of any U.S. county. Measured by mean income of the top 5% of earners, it is the wealthiest U.S. county.
Pitkin County is included in the Glenwood Springs Micropolitan Statistical Area, which is also included in the Edwards-Glenwood Springs Combined Statistical Area.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has an area of , of which is land and (0.3%) is water. The county's highest point is Castle Peak, a fourteener with a height of . It is south of Aspen on the Gunnison County border.
Adjacent counties
Eagle County – northeast
Lake County – east
Chaffee County – southeast
Gunnison County – south
Mesa County – west
Garfield County – northwest
Major highways
State Highway 82
State Highway 133
National protected areas
White River National Forest
Collegiate Peaks Wilderness
Holy Cross Wilderness
Hunter-Fryingpan Wilderness
Maroon Bells-Snowmass Wilderness
Trails and byways
American Discovery Trail
Continental Divide National Scenic Trail
West Elk Loop Scenic Byway
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 14,872 people, 6,807 households, and 3,185 families living in the county. The population density was 15 people per square mile (6/km2). There were 10,096 housing units at an average density of 10 per square mile (4/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 94.33% White, 0.53% Black or African American, 0.27% Native American, 1.12% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 2.37% from other races, and 1.34% from two or more races. Of the population, 6.54% were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 6,807 households, out of which 21.10% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.70% were married couples living together, 5.30% had a female householder with no husband present, and 53.20% were non-families. Of all households, 35.80% were made up of individuals, and 3.50% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.77.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 16.70% under the age of 18, 7.70% from 18 to 24, 38.30% from 25 to 44, 30.50% from 45 to 64, and 6.80% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 115.10 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 117.40 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $59,375, and the median income for a family was $75,048. Males had a median income of $40,672 versus $33,896 for females. The per capita income for the county was $40,811. About 3.00% of families and 6.20% of the population were below the poverty line, including 4.40% of those under age 18 and 5.60% of those age 65 or over.
Life expectancy
According to a report in the Journal of the American Medical Association, residents of Pitkin County had a 2014 life expectancy of 86.52 years, the second-longest in the nation. Both men and women live longer in Pitkin County than nearly every other county in the United States. The life expectancy at birth is 85.2 years for men and 88.0 years for women. Two contiguous counties, Summit and Eagle counties, rank first and third in the nation respectively in life expectancy.
Factors contributing to the high life expectancy in Pitkin County are "high education, high income, high access to medical care, the people are physically active, obesity is lower than anywhere else—so you're doing it right”, said Ali Mokdad, one of the study's co-authors.
In June 2021, U.S. News & World Report ranked the county with the nation's fourth-best life expectancy, at 93.4 years.
Communities
City
Aspen
Towns
Basalt
Snowmass Village
Census-designated places
Norrie
Redstone
Woody Creek
Other unincorporated communities
Ashcroft
Buttermilk
Meredith
Snowmass
Politics
In its early history, Pitkin County favored the Democratic Party, for which it voted in every election between 1896 and 1916, one of the few Western counties to support Alton B. Parker in 1904. After that, it followed the trends of the nation until being narrowly carried by losing candidate Thomas E. Dewey in 1944. Pitkin subsequently remained Republican-leaning until the growing ski resort community drew its residents to the liberal George McGovern – rejected by a majority of the electorates of all but 129 other counties – in 1972. Like many ski destination counties, since the 1980s, Pitkin has turned powerfully Democratic. The last Republican to carry the county was Ronald Reagan in 1984, and George H. W. Bush in the following election is the last Republican to gain a third of the county's vote.
In this modern era, Pitkin has also frequently been one of the leading counties for third-party candidates, being the fourth-best county for Eugene McCarthy in 1976, and the third-best for John B. Anderson in 1980.
See also
Colorado
Outline of Colorado
Index of Colorado-related articles
Bibliography of Colorado
Geography of Colorado
History of Colorado
Colorado statistical areas
Glenwood Springs, CO Micropolitan Statistical Area
List of counties in Colorado
Pitkin County, Colorado
National Register of Historic Places listings in Pitkin County, Colorado
List of places in Colorado
List of census-designated places in Colorado
List of forts in Colorado
List of ghost towns in Colorado
List of mountain passes in Colorado
List of mountain peaks of Colorado
List of municipalities in Colorado
List of post offices in Colorado
Protected areas of Colorado
Roaring Fork Transportation Authority
Hunter S. Thompson
References
External links
Pitkin County Government website
Colorado County Evolution by Don Stanwyck
Colorado Historical Society
Colorado counties
1881 establishments in Colorado
Populated places established in 1881
The 1989–90 Lebanese Premier League season was the 30th season of the Lebanese Premier League, the top Lebanese professional league for association football clubs in the country, established in 1934.
Ansar, who were the defending champions, won their second consecutive—and overall—Lebanese Premier League title.
League table
References
Lebanese Premier League seasons
Lebanon
1
The 59th Nova Scotia general election may refer to
the 2003 Nova Scotia general election, the 58th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the (due to a counting error in 1859) 59th General Assembly of Nova Scotia, or
the 2006 Nova Scotia general election, the 59th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the 60th General Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 37th general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
Luka Tankulic (born 21 June 1991) is a professional footballer who plays as a striker for German club SV Meppen. Born in Germany, Tankulic is of Croatian descent.
Club career
Tankulic began his career with Ahlener SG and was later scouted by city rival LR Ahlen. After three years with the club he signed with Borussia Dortmund in summer 2005. After two years with Borussia he signed with Rot-Weiss Ahlen, where he played his debut match in the DFB Cup on 22 September 2009 leading to a contract with the club, signed on 6 October 2009, which runs through 30 June 2012.
On 15 July 2014, after Tankulic appeared as a trialist for Dundee F.C. in their pre-season fixture against Manchester City and scored in a 2–0 win, manager Paul Hartley expressed a desire to offer the player a contract. Tankulic and his compatriot Thomas Konrad subsequently signed two-year contracts with Dundee in July 2014. He scored on his debut as Dundee won 4–0 against Peterhead on 2 August 2014, in the Scottish League Cup. On 28 August 2015, Tankulic left Dundee, with his contract being terminated by mutual consent.
In February 2016, Tankulic signed for Regionalliga West club Sportfreunde Lotte.
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
People from Ahlen
Sportspeople from Münster (region)
German people of Croatian descent
German footballers
Footballers from North Rhine-Westphalia
Association football forwards
Scottish Professional Football League players
2. Bundesliga players
3. Liga players
Regionalliga players
Rot Weiss Ahlen players
Borussia Dortmund players
Fortuna Düsseldorf II players
1. FSV Mainz 05 II players
VfL Wolfsburg II players
Dundee F.C. players
Sportfreunde Lotte players
SV Meppen players
German expatriate footballers
German expatriate sportspeople in Scotland
Expatriate footballers in Scotland
The 2005–06 Honduran Liga Nacional de Ascenso was the 39th season of the Second level in Honduran football and the fourth one under the name Liga Nacional de Ascenso. Under the management of Dennis Allen, Atlético Olanchano won the tournament after defeating C.D. Lenca in the promotion series and obtained promotion to the 2006–07 Honduran Liga Nacional.
Apertura
Postseason
Final
Juticalpa Tulín 1–1 Atlético Olanchano on aggregate. Atlético Olanchano won 3–2 on penalty kicks.
Clausura
Postseason
Final
Lenca won 4–1 on aggregate.
Promotion
Atlético Olanchano won 3–2 on aggregate.
References
Ascenso
2005
Statistics of the Chinese Taipei National Football League for the 1983 season.
Overview
Flying Camel won the championship.
References
RSSSF
1983
1
Taipei
Taipei
State Highway 54 (abbreviated SH-54 or OK-54) is a state highway in western Oklahoma. Running north–south, it exists in two parts, which lie at approximately the same longitude. The southern section's length is , while the northern section runs for , for a combined length of . The northern section has two lettered spur routes.
Route descriptions
Southern section
The southern section of State Highway 54 runs for just under ten miles (16 km), entirely within Tillman County. The highway begins at US-70 and runs north. Midway through the route's extent, it passes through the town of Hollister, where it crosses a railroad track. The highway terminates at SH-5 east of Frederick.
Northern section
The northern section of SH-54 runs for 85.5 miles (137.6 km). It begins at US-62 east of Snyder in Kiowa County. From this point, it heads due northward to pass the western terminus of State Highway 49. For through Cooperton it overlaps State Highway 19. Continuing northward, it crosses over Rainy Mountain Creek. It then intersects State Highway 9 and its business loop near Gotebo. The highway then bridges the Washita River into Washita County.
At Lake Valley, SH-54 serves as the eastern terminus of State Highway 55. It then meets State Highway 152 eight miles (13 km) east of Cordell and turns eastward to overlap it for . After splitting off, SH-54 heads northward, producing two spur routes to Corn and Colony.
The highway next enters Custer County, where it has an interchange with Interstate 40 at exit 80. It then runs along the western limit of Weatherford and continues north to end at State Highway 33 east of Thomas.
History
The northern section of State Highway 54 was first commissioned on April 14, 1941. The original path of the highway began at US-277 in Cyril and proceeded west, intersecting US-62 in Apache. The highway then turned north, paralleling the Caddo–Kiowa county line, then turning east along SH-41. The highway turned north, meeting US-66 near Hydro, then following US-66 west through Weatherford. On the west side of Weatherford, the highway turned north along its current alignment.
SH-54 saw a substantial realignment on October 16, 1945, when it was shifted to the west onto its present alignment from US-62 southeast of Snyder to Weatherford, and on November 5 of that year, the old alignment of the highway was transferred to SH-58. Since then, only maintenance and minor realignment projects have occurred along its length.
The southern section was established in its entirety on October 15, 1956. It has never been connected to the northern SH-54.
Junction list
Southern section
Northern section
Spur routes
SH-54 has two lettered spur routes, both of which branch off the northern section of SH-54. Both were once part of the now-decommissioned SH-69.
SH-54A runs west from SH-54 for to Corn.
SH-54B runs east from SH-54 for to Colony.
References
External links
Southern section at Roadklahoma
Northern section at Roadklahoma
Southern SH-54 at OKHighways
SH-54A at OKHighways
SH-54B at OKHighways
054
Transportation in Tillman County, Oklahoma
Transportation in Kiowa County, Oklahoma
Transportation in Washita County, Oklahoma
Transportation in Custer County, Oklahoma
Transposon insertion sequencing (Tn-seq) combines transposon insertional mutagenesis with massively parallel sequencing (MPS) of the transposon insertion sites to identify genes contributing to a function of interest in bacteria. The method was originally established by concurrent work in four laboratories under the acronyms HITS, INSeq, TraDIS, and Tn-Seq. Numerous variations have been subsequently developed and applied to diverse biological systems. Collectively, the methods are often termed Tn-Seq as they all involve monitoring the fitness of transposon insertion mutants via DNA sequencing approaches.
Transposons are highly regulated, discrete DNA segments that can relocate within the genome. They are universal and are found in Eubacteria, Archaea, and Eukarya, including humans. Transposons have a large influence on gene expression and can be used to determine gene function. In fact, when a transposon inserts itself in a gene, the gene's function will be disrupted. Because of that property, transposons have been manipulated for use in insertional mutagenesis. The development of microbial genome sequencing was a major advance for the use of transposon mutagenesis. The function affected by a transposon insertion could be linked to the disrupted gene by sequencing the genome to locate the transposon insertion site. Massively parallel sequencing allows simultaneous sequencing of transposon insertion sites in large mixtures of different mutants. Therefore, genome-wide analysis is feasible if transposons are positioned throughout the genome in a mutant collection.
Transposon sequencing requires the creation of a transposon insertion library, which will contain a group of mutants that collectively have transposon insertions in all non-essential genes. The library is grown under an experimental condition of interest. Mutants with transposons inserted in genes required for growth under the test condition will diminish in frequency from the population. To identify mutants being lost, genomic sequences adjacent to the transposon ends are amplified by PCR and sequenced by MPS to determine the location and abundance of each insertion mutation. The importance of each gene for growth under the test condition is determined by comparing the abundance of each mutant before and after growth under the condition being examined. Tn-seq is useful for both the study of a single gene's fitness and gene interactions
Signature–tagged mutagenesis (STM) is an older technique that also involves pooling transposon insertion mutants to determine the importance of the disrupted genes under selective growth conditions. High-throughput versions of STM use genomic microarrays, which are less accurate and have a lower dynamic range than massively-parallel sequencing. With the invention of next generation sequencing, genomic data became increasingly available. However, despite the increase in genomic data, our knowledge of gene function remains the limiting factor in our understanding of the role genes play. Therefore, a need for a high throughput approach to study genotype–phenotype relationships like Tn-seq was necessary.
Methodology
Transposon sequencing begins by transducing bacterial populations with transposable elements using bacteriophages. Tn-seq uses the Himar I Mariner transposon, a common and stable transposon. After transduction, the DNA is cleaved and the inserted sequence amplified through PCR. The recognition sites for MmeI, a type IIS restriction endonuclease, can be introduced by a single nucleotide change in the terminal repeats of Mariner. It is located 4 base pairs before the end of the terminal repeat.
MmeI makes a 2 base pair staggered cut 20 bases downstream of the recognition site.
When MmeI digests DNA from a library of transposon insertion mutants, fragmented DNA including the left and right transposon and 16 base pairs of surrounding genomic DNA is produced. The 16 base pair fragment is enough to determine the location of the transposon insertion in the bacterial genome. The ligation of the adaptor is facilitated by the 2 base overhang. A primer specific to the adaptor and a primer specific to the transposon are used to amplify the sequence via PCR. The 120 base pair product is then isolated using agarose gel or PAGE purification. Massively parallel sequencing is then used to determine the sequences of the flanking 16 base pairs.
Gene function is inferred after looking at the effects of the insertion on gene function under certain conditions.
Advantages and disadvantages
Unlike high-throughput insertion track by deep sequencing (HITS) and transposon-directed insertion site sequencing (TraDIS), Tn-seq is specific to the Himar I Mariner transposon, and cannot be applied to other transposons or insertional elements. However, the protocol for Tn-seq is less time intensive. HITS and TraDIS use a DNA shearing technique that produce a range of PCR product sizes that could cause shorter DNA templates being preferentially amplified over longer templates. Tn-seq produces a product that is uniform in size, therefore reducing the possibility of PCR bias.
Tn-seq can be used to identify both the fitness of single genes and to map gene interactions in microorganisms. Existing methods for these types of study are dependent on preexisting genomic microarrays or gene knockout arrays, whereas Tn-seq is not. Tn-seq's utilization of massively parallel sequencing makes this technique easily reproducible, sensitive, and robust.
Applications
Tn-seq has proven to be a useful technique for identifying new gene functions. The highly sensitive nature of Tn-seq can be used to determine phenotype-genotype relationships that may have been deemed insignificant by less sensitive methods. Tn-seq identified essential genes and pathways that are important for the utilization of cholesterol in Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Tn-seq has been used to study higher order genome organization using gene interactions. Genes function as a highly linked network. Therefore, in order to study a gene's impact on phenotype, gene interactions must also be considered. These gene networks can be studied by screening for synthetic lethality and gene interactions where a double mutant shows an unexpected fitness value compared to each individual mutant. Tn-seq was used to determine genetic interactions between five query genes and the rest of the genome in Streptococcus pneumoniae, which revealed both aggravating and alleviating genetic interactions.
Tn-seq used in combination with RNA-seq can be utilized to examine the role of non-coding DNA regions.
References
Mobile genetic elements
DNA sequencing
Mauro Frizzoni (17 December 1926 – 24 December 2004) was an Italian sprinter.
Biography
He won two medals at the International athletics competitions, he has 1 cap in national team in 1951.
Achievements
See also
Italy national relay team
Italy at the 1951 Mediterranean Games
References
1926 births
2004 deaths
Italian male sprinters
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for Italy
Mediterranean Games silver medalists for Italy
Athletes (track and field) at the 1951 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games medalists in athletics
Jacob Larweh (born 7 September 1996) is a Ghanaian footballer who plays as a left-back for Tema Youth SC.
Club career
Larweh started playing for local youth side Revelation Fc, and made his debuts for the club in 2004. He left Revelations Fc in 2009 to sign for Tema Youth SC. Larweh became the captain of Tema Youth SC during the 2014/2015 season. Larweh also got a call up to the Black Stars B squad
In January 2018, Jacob Larweh was linked to local giants Accra Hearts of Oak but a deal could not be struck so he stayed at Tema Youth
References
1996 births
People from Tema
Living people
Ghanaian footballers
Association football defenders
Tema Youth players
Southern Railway Passenger Station is railway passenger depot built ca. 1885 in Westminster, South Carolina. It is one of the oldest buildings in the community.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
History
The Atlanta and Charlotte Air Line Railroad, a predecessor of the Southern Railway, was built in the early 1870s and Westminster was built along the railroad tracks. The station is believed to have been built about 1885. It has a rectangular plan with dimensions of . It has a deep hip roof. Built of wood, it was covered with asbestos siding in around 1940. It had two waiting rooms, an office, and a baggage room. It ceased being used as a passenger depot in 1969 when passenger service to the city was suspended.
It was converted into community uses such as a meeting room and a community health center.
In 2006, it suffered damage in a fire. The station was rebuilt.
References
Railway stations on the National Register of Historic Places in South Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Oconee County, South Carolina
Railway stations closed in 1969
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1885
Westminster
Former railway stations in South Carolina
The 1995–96 Lebanese Premier League season was the 36th season of the Lebanese Premier League, the top Lebanese professional league for association football clubs in the country, established in 1934.
Shabab Sahel and Riada Wal Adab joined as the promoted clubs from the 1994–95 Lebanese Second Division. They replaced Salam Zgharta and Ahli Saida who were relegated to the 1995–96 Lebanese Second Division. Ansar, the defending champions, won their eighth consecutive—and overall—Lebanese Premier League title.
League table
Top goalscorers
References
External links
RSSSF
Leb
1995–96 in Lebanese football
Lebanese Premier League seasons
Kpelle may refer to:
Kpelle people
Kpelle language
Kpelle syllabary
Language and nationality disambiguation pages
Lasana is a small village located northeast of the city of Calama in the Calama province of Chile's northern Antofagasta Region. It sits along the banks of the Loa River.
Pukará de Lasana, (Quechua pukara fortress), a pre-Columbian fortress built in the 12th century, is the main architectural attraction of the village. It is located north of San Francisco de Chiu Chiu and was declared a national monument in 1982.
Petroglyphs can also be found in the area.
References
External links
Sernatur - Lasana
Archaeological sites in Chile
Populated places in El Loa Province
Xanthopleura perspicua is a moth in the subfamily Arctiinae first described by Francis Walker in 1856. It is found in Colombia, Ecuador and Pará, Brazil.
References
Arctiinae
The Cincu is a right tributary of the river Olt in Romania. It discharges into the Olt in Cincșor. Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Brașov County
The dusky-backed jacamar (Brachygalba salmoni) is a species of bird in the family Galbulidae. It is found in Colombia and Panama.
Taxonomy and systematics
The dusky-backed jacamar is monotypic. It and the pale-headed (B. goeringi), brown (B. lugubris), and white-throated jacamars (B. albogularis) form a superspecies.
Description
The dusky-backed jacamar is long. Males weigh and females . The male's upper parts, chest, and flanks are dark greenish black that appears bluish when worn. Its cheeks are sooty, the throat white or whitish, and the belly and breast cinnamon. The female is similar but its throat is buff.
Distribution and habitat
The dusky-backed jacamar is found in Panama's Darién Province and the adjoining and nearby northern Chocó, northern Antioquia, and southern Córdoba Departments of Colombia. There is also an isolated population in northern Bolívar Department, Colombia, that at one time was thought to be a subspecies. It inhabits humid primary and secondary forest. It is found in edges, such as by clearings and along streams, rather than the forest interior. In elevation it ranges up to .
Behavior
Feeding
The dusky-backed jacamar preys on a variety of flying insects that it catches by flying from a perch. It often perches and hunts in pairs or small family groups.
Breeding
Though the dusky-backed jacamar is assumed to nest in burrows in earth banks, there is no documentation of its breeding phenology. Birds in breeding condition were noted during January and February in Colombia.
Vocalization
The dusky-backed jacamar has a complex song . Its call is described as an "upwardly inflected 'sweet' or 'feet'...sometimes expanded to...a longer series" .
Status
The IUCN has assessed the dusky-backed jacamar as being of The Least Concern. It is scarce overall but locally common in its small range, though it "[t]olerates, or perhaps even prefers, a degree of habitat disturbance". The isolated Bolívar population might be vulnerable to habitat destruction.
References
dusky-backed jacamar
Birds of Panama
Birds of Colombia
dusky-backed jacamar
dusky-backed jacamar
dusky-backed jacamar
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Dejan Meleg (; born 1 October 1994) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a attacking midfielder for Egyptian Premier League club ENPPI.
Club career
Vojvodina
Meleg made his professional debut with FK Vojvodina in a 0–3 loss against FK Partizan on September 29, 2012 at the age of 17. He was invited by Ajax to pass medical tests in Amsterdam as a precondition to signing with the Dutch powerhouse; the transfer, however, was up in the air as of December 19, 2012 since FK Vojvodina's president Ratko Butorović had a rift with the Swiss agency which has a certain share in Meleg's professional contract.
Ajax
On January 16, 2013, Dutch media began reporting an agreement had been reached between Ajax and FK Vojvodina and Meleg signing a contract until 2016. Just a week later, on January 23, 2013, it was finally announced by FK Vojvodina that Meleg signed for Ajax. He made his debut for Ajax on 29 June 2013 in a 2013–14 pre-season friendly encounter against SDC Putten. Meleg scored the opening goal in the 17' minute to help Ajax to a 1–4 victory at the Sportpark Puttereng in Putten.
Starting the 2013/14 season, left footed Dejan Meleg was enlisted with the reserves team Jong Ajax, who were newly promoted to the Dutch Eerste Divisie the second tier of professional football in the Netherlands. He made his debut on 16 August 2013 in a 1–0 loss to MVV Maastricht. On 3 September 2013 he scored both his first and second professional goal in the Netherlands playing for Jong Ajax against Jong PSV in a 4–2 away win.
On 21 December 2015, 6 months before expiration, Ajax and Meleg reached an agreement for mutual termination of contract.
SC Cambuur
On 10 July 2014, it was announced that Meleg would be sent on loan to SC Cambuur until the end of the season. He made his Eredivisie debut on 9 August 2014 in a 1–1 draw against FC Twente at home. He made his first appearance in the Dutch Cup on 24 September 2014 in a 4–0 away win against FC Den Bosch. On 6 March 2015 it was announced that Meleg's loan spell was terminated with immediate effect, seeing Meleg return to Amsterdam, having fallen out of favor in Leeuwarden.
Return to Vojvodina
On 2 January 2016, Dejan re-signed for Vojvodina until June 2018.
Kayserispor
On 28 June 2017, Meleg signed for Turkish side Kayserispor.
Red Star Belgrade
On 12 June 2018, Meleg signed for Red Star Belgrade on a 3-year deal. However, he was loaned out to Levadiakos and Radnički Niš.
Borac Banja Luka
In October 2020, he joined Borac Banja Luka.
ENPPI
In September 2022, he transferred to Egyptian club ENPPI.
International career
Meleg has represented Serbia on various youth levels and currently plays for Serbia U19. He played for the Serbia U19 side that won the 2013 UEFA European Under-19 Championship.
Honours
Serbia U19
UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship (1): 2013
Borac Banja Luka
Bosnian Premier League: 2020–21
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
People from Bački Jarak
Serbian footballers
Serbia youth international footballers
Serbia under-21 international footballers
Serbian expatriate footballers
FK Vojvodina players
AFC Ajax players
Jong Ajax players
SC Cambuur players
Kayserispor footballers
Red Star Belgrade footballers
Levadiakos F.C. players
FK Radnički Niš players
FK Borac Banja Luka players
ENPPI SC players
Serbian SuperLiga players
Eredivisie players
Eerste Divisie players
Süper Lig players
Super League Greece players
Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina players
Egyptian Premier League players
Association football midfielders
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Egypt
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Expatriate footballers in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Expatriate footballers in Egypt
DZBM (105.1 FM) is a radio station owned by Mareco Broadcasting Network and operated by Horizon of the Sun Communications, serving as a relay station of Q Radio 105.1 in Manila. The station's transmitter is located at The Country Place complex, Dominican Hill Rd., Baguio.
References
External links
Q Radio FB Page
Q Radio Website
Radio stations in Baguio
Radio stations established in 1999
The Chimalapas montane forests is a tropical moist broadleaf forest ecoregion in southern Mexico. It includes the montane tropical forests of the Chimalapas region on the boundary of Chiapas and Oaxaca.
Geography
The Chimalapas region is in the Isthmus of Tehuantepec, and the region's mountains form part of the divide between Mexico's Pacific watersheds to the south and Gulf of Mexico watersheds to the north. The montane forests are bounded by the lowland Petén–Veracruz moist forests on the north. The Chiapas Depression dry forests lie to the northeast. The montane forests adjoin the Sierra Madre de Oaxaca pine–oak forests on the west, and the Central American pine–oak forests to the east. The Southern Pacific dry forests lie to the south between the mountains and the Pacific Ocean.
Climate
The climate of the ecoregion is tropical and humid. The forests have a cooler climate than the surrounding lowlands, and average annual temperatures decrease with elevation.
Flora
The characteristic plant community is montane tropical evergreen moist forest, also known cloud forest.
Fauna
281 species of birds have been recorded in the ecoregion. They include the solitary eagle (Harpyhaliaetus solitarius), great curassow (Crax rubra), highland guan (Penelopina nigra), wood stork (Mycteria americana), keel-billed motmot (Electron carinatum), southern mealy amazon (Amazona farinosa), and chestnut-headed oropendola (Psarocolius wagleri).
Protected areas
A 2017 assessment found 278 km², or 13%, of the ecoregion is in protected areas. They include
El Cordón del Retén Voluntary Conservation Area (153.29 km²).
See also
List of ecoregions in Mexico
Chimalapas territory conflict
Selva Zoque
External links
References
Ecoregions of Mexico
Montane forests
Natural history of Chiapas
Natural history of Oaxaca
Neotropical tropical and subtropical moist broadleaf forests
Important Bird Areas of Mexico
Cloud forests of Mexico
José Pinzón (born August 22, 1987) is a Mexican professional boxer who was the WBC Youth light middleweight Champion. Pinzón is trained by former WBC Champion Guty Espadas, Sr.
Professional career
On October 2, 2010 Pinzón got revenge and a knockout over the only boxer to beat him Jaime Barboza, to win the WBC Youth World Light Middleweight Championship.
In his next José lost to Poland's Pawel Wolak on the undercard of the Donaire-Sidorenko fight, José took the fight on one-week notice.
Professional boxing record
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="8"|26 Wins (17 knockouts, 9 decisions), 8 Losses (6 knockouts, 2 decisions), 0 Draws
|- style="text-align:center; background:#e3e3e3;"
| style="border-style:none none solid solid; "|Res.
| style="border-style:none none solid solid; "|Record
| style="border-style:none none solid solid; "|Opponent
| style="border-style:none none solid solid; "|Type
| style="border-style:none none solid solid; "|Rd., Time
| style="border-style:none none solid solid; "|Date
| style="border-style:none none solid solid; "|Location
| style="border-style:none none solid solid; "|Notes
|- align=center
|Win
|align=center|26–8||align=left| Lorenzo Bautista
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Loss
|align=center|25–8||align=left| Isaac Rodrigues
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Loss
|align=center|25–7||align=left| Juan de Ángel
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Win
|align=center|25–6||align=left| Michel Rosales
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Loss
|align=center|24–6||align=left| Patrick Nielsen
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Win
|align=center|24–5||align=left| Alan Campa
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Win
|align=center|23–5||align=left| Roberto Valdez
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Loss
|align=center|22–5||align=left| Saúl Román
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Win
|align=center|22–4||align=left| Cruz Antonio Flores
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Win
|align=center|21–4||align=left| Rafael Ortíz
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Loss
|align=center|20–4||align=left| Rogelio Medina
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Win
|align=center|20–3||align=left| Larry Smith
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Win
|align=center|19–3||align=left| Edvan dos Santos Barros
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Loss
|align=center|18–3||align=left| Paweł Wolak
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Win
|align=center|18–2||align=left| Jaime Barboza
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Win
|align=center|17–2||align=left| Javier Gutiérrez
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Win
|align=center|16–2||align=left| Oscar Ventura
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Loss
|align=center|15–2||align=left| Jaime Barboza
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Win
|align=center|15–1||align=left| Josue Atilano Mendoza
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Win
|align=center|14–1||align=left| Christian Solano
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Win
|align=center|13–1||align=left| Paul Rodríguez
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Win
|align=center|12–1||align=left| Rodrigo Juárez
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Win
|align=center|11–1||align=left| Uriel Mosqueda
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Win
|align=center|10–1||align=left| Iván Rojas
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Win
|align=center|9–1||align=left| Gabino Arias
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Win
|align=center|8–1||align=left| Benjamin Martínez
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Win
|align=center|7–1||align=left| Iván Rojas
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Win
|align=center|6–1||align=left| Victor Evillano
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Win
|align=center|5–1||align=left| Manuel García
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Loss
|align=center|4–1||align=left| Eduardo Herrera
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Win
|align=center|4–0||align=left| Daniel Mellado
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Win
|align=center|3–0||align=left| Martin Zarate
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Win
|align=center|2–0||align=left| Victor Casanova
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|- align=center
|Win
|align=center|1–0|| align=left| Rusel Miranda
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
References
External links
Boxers from Yucatán (state)
Sportspeople from Mérida, Yucatán
Middleweight boxers
Light-middleweight boxers
1989 births
Living people
Mexican male boxers
Southpaw boxers
Mastiphal is a Polish black metal band. It was founded in Katowice in 1992, initially named Dissolution, thanks to effort of Rafał "Flauros" Góral (later a vocalist for Darzamat) and Cymeris (in latter years associated with Iperyt). A year later the band has been renamed to Mastiphal.
They released one LP: For A Glory Of All Evil Spirits Rise For Victory (1996), two demos: Sowing Profane Seed (1994) and Promo'96; and an EP Seed of Victory (1998), after which the band split up.
It was reactivated in 2009. In September that year a Białystok label Witching Hour Productions released a two-disc issue Damnatio Memoriae, including all past songs by Mastiphal. In 2010 the band was joined by guitar players Damian "Daamr" Kowalski and "Opressor", and also percussist Paweł "Senator" Nowak.
Discography
Sowing Profane Seed (1994, Baron Records)
For a Glory of all Evil Spirits, Rise for Victory (1995, Baron Records, Nocturn Records)
Seed of Victory (1996, Vox Mortiis)
Czarne zastępy – W hołdzie KAT ("Black Hosts – tribute to KAT") (1998, Pagan Records)
A Tribute to Hell (1998, Full Moon Production)
Damnatio Memoriae (2009, Witching Hour Productions)
Parvzya (2011, Witching Hour Productions)
External links
Mastiphal on Myspace
Polish black metal musical groups
Musical quintets
Truckfighters is a documentary directed by Joerg Steineck about the Swedish rock band named Truckfighters.
It incorporates various interviews with the band, showing their members working on day-to-day jobs in their home town Örebro, recording the album "Mania" in their studio and following them on tour through Europe.
The film, which is documentative in style of narration, signifies itself a "fuzzomentary film". It provides various surreal graphical sequences of fictional and non fictional content, which serve as connective and illustrative elements.
A certain graphical style leads as stylistic central theme through the entire film.
Truckfighters additionally features short guest appearances of well known names like Josh Homme (Queens Of The Stone Age, Kyuss),
Alfredo Hernandez (Kyuss, Yawning Man), Nick Oliveri (Queens of the Stone Age, Mondo Generator).
Furthermore it provides guest appearances by singer/songwriter Chris Maher (anchorman)
and first hour Kyuss member Chris Cockrell (annotator/off-voice).
Synopsis
The documentary generally portrays the band by uncommon insight into their double-tracked lifestyle in an ironical and satirical way,
not to discredit them but to reveal the common issues of a rock band and the often-stereotyped musical genre they are attributed to (stoner rock).
Some scenes are visibly based on the artwork of the Truckfighters Mania record,
which was also designed by the filmmakers Joerg Steineck and Christian Macijewski.
The film has a total runtime of 83 minutes and is subdivided into 9 chapters:
Common
How To Get Things Done
Road
Home
Issues
The Body Burden
Family Fights
Big
The Drummer Dilemma
Featured bands
Truckfighters, Queens of the Stone Age, Fu Manchu, Kyuss, Valient Thorr, Witchcraft, Graveyard,
Let Me Out, Red Stoner Sun, The Freeks, Nebula
References
Review at Stonerrock.eu
Interview with Joerg Steineck (Desert Rock Scotland)
Article in German music magazine Visions
External links
Joerg Steineck's website
German documentary films
Documentary films about musical groups
2011 films
2011 documentary films
Swedish-language films
2010s English-language films
2010s German films
A powder burn is a type of burn caused by exposure to the combustion gases which are expelled from the muzzle of a firearm as it is fired. Powder burns only occur when the individual is in close proximity to the discharging firearm, as the gases quickly dissipate. This can be an indicator on a corpse of whether the person was shot at point-blank range or not.
References
Burns
Gunpowder
St Mary the Virgin's Church is an active Anglican parish church in Eccles, Greater Manchester, England. The church is in the Eccles deanery, the archdeaconry of Salford and the diocese of Manchester. Together with St Andrew's Eccles, St Paul's, Monton, Christ Church, Patricroft and St James', Hope the church is part of the team benefice of Eccles. The church was granted Grade I Listed status in 1964.
History
St Mary's Church, was in medieval times, the centre of a large ecclesiastical parish containing Pendleton, Pendlebury, Clifton, Swinton, Worsley and Barton-upon-Irwell. To the west the parish covered a portion of Chat Moss to the River Glaze and was bounded by the River Irwell to its north and east. The church is of ancient origin and was the only church in the parish for several hundred years. A church has occupied its site since Norman times and probably before then. The church contains few remains of its earliest incarnation but the tower base and west end of the north aisle are from the 13th century. The 14th century structure was enlarged in the 15th century and the chancel was reconstructed in the 16th century and rebuilt in 1862 by J P Holden.
Architecture
The church is constructed in red ashlar sandstone with slate roofs. Constructed on a weathered plinth, the church has buttresses and castellated parapets, a three-stage west tower, a four-bay nave and aisles and the remodelled four-bay chancel has a clerestory. The gabled south transept was originally a chantry chapel and it has a gabled south porch. The south aisle windows have four lights with Perpendicular tracery while the north aisle have five lights, as do the clerestory windows.
The 16th century 'Entry to Jerusalem' window originated in Rouen, France, and was installed in the now-demolished St John's Church, Manchester prior to being sited at Eccles in 1929. It is also known as the Long Donkey Window.
See also
List of churches in Greater Manchester
Grade I listed churches in Greater Manchester
References
Citations
Bibliography
External links
Grade I listed churches in Greater Manchester
Church of England church buildings in Greater Manchester
Anglican Diocese of Manchester
Churches in the City of Salford
Eccles, Greater Manchester
Henry Walker (born 10 March 1998) is an English rugby union player who currently plays for Gloucester in the Premiership Rugby as a hooker.
He first played for Old Shillians RFC at age six. He has represented England U16s and U17s, captained at Bromsgrove School and won trophies in the U13 age group at the Millfield Sevens and the Rosslyn Park tournament. He also represented England U18s in a test series held in South Africa back in 2016.
Walker also represented England U20s in 2017 and earned a selection for the 2018 World Rugby Under 20 Championship. He made his debut for England U20 against Italy in February 2017
He made his debut for Gloucester against the Barbarians in 62-14 heavy loss held at Kingsholm Stadium in November 2015. On 14 February 2019, Walker signed his first professional contract for Gloucester, this promoted to the senior squad from the 2019–20 season.
References
External links
ESPN Profile
Its Rugby Profile
Ultimate Rugby Profile
1998 births
Living people
The EG Awards of 2011 are the sixth Annual The Age EG (Entertainment Guide) Awards and took place at the Prince Bandroom on 23 November 2011.
Hall of Fame inductees
Hoodoo Gurus and Stephen 'The Ghost' Walker.
Award nominees and winners
Winners indicated below in boldface
References
2011 in Australian music
2011 music awards
Music Victoria Awards
Ceratomyxa elegans is a species of myxozoans. It is found in the Mediterranean and the Argentinian Seas. It is a parasite of Batrachoidiform toadfishes.
References
External links
Ceratomyxa elegans at World Register of Marine Species (WoRMS)
Ceratomyxidae
Animals described in 1929
Fauna of Argentina
Invertebrates of Europe
Alto Taquari is the southernmost municipality in the Brazilian state of Mato Grosso.
References
Municipalities in Mato Grosso
Populated places established in 1986
1986 establishments in Brazil
The Goff Creek Lodge is a dude ranch in Shoshone National Forest on the east entrance road to Yellowstone National Park. The ranch was probably established c. 1910 by Tex Kennedy. Built in typical dude ranch style with a rustic log lodge surrounded by cabins, its period of significance extends from 1929 to 1950.
References
External links
Goff Creek Lodge at the Wyoming State Historic Preservation Office
Buildings and structures in Park County, Wyoming
Dude ranches in the United States
Hotel buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Wyoming
Ranches on the National Register of Historic Places in Wyoming
Rustic architecture in Wyoming
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Wyoming
National Register of Historic Places in Park County, Wyoming
The Ska Against Racism Tour of 1998 was a one time musical tour in the United States organized by Mike Park, a Korean American musician. The audience was mainly young white male hardcore ska devotees. Ska is a music genre that originated in Jamaica and later became the precursor to rocksteady and reggae. This genre of music promoted racial tolerance through a variety of multicultural artists and bands. The purpose of this tour was to overcome racial barriers in a nonviolent and peaceful manner.
History
Ronald Reagan's presidency in the 1980s played a key role in the racial issues of this time. His presidential campaigns did not support the Civil Rights movements of previous presidents. Although improvements had been made throughout the 1970s, racial problems and discrimination were still major issues facing minority groups. American Indians, African Americans, Hispanics and Latinos, and Japanese Americans all continued to battle prejudice and discrimination.
Ska music originated in the 1950s in Jamaica. During the 1980s, ska music became popular in England based on the fact that there was mutual respect between white and black musicians. The "2-tone ethic" is a leading factor in ska music. Most bands of this genre consisted of a mix of nationalities. The intent of ska music was to promote racial equality. It strived to overcome national and racial barriers. Race is not an issue in the ska community; it's what you say and play that really matters.
The 1998 tour was organized by Mike Park, a musician of color himself. Park organized this tour hoping it would teach the young generation of that era about racism. The 28-year-old singer had also bagged the groups Anti Racist Action and Artists for a Hate-Free America, as well as the Museum of Tolerance in Los Angeles, all of which have helped to promote the tour. Mike Park is a strong advocate of racial unity. Through his music, he addresses important racial issues as well as social and political issues that he believes are important. To continue the fight for peace and equality, Park founded the Plea For Peace Foundation (www.pleaforpeace.net) in 1999. It is a 501C3 non-profit organization that facilitates benefit tours, CD's, and publications backed by a strong network of bands, labels, charities, and supporters. Plea For Peace Foundation's message is "To promote the ideas of peace through the power of music".
Musical style
Ska is the sole music genre that's incorporated into the Ska Against Racism Tour. Ska Against Racism is an eight-band throw down of multiple, mix-and-mash styles—including punk, rap, rock and r&b-- all anchored by ska. Each and every one of the bands that participated in the 1998 tour play music that spans one or more sub-genres of ska music. For instance, ska punk is a fusion music genre that combines ska music with punk rock music.
Some of the most popular Ska bands include:
The Specials (since 1977),
The Toasters (since 1981)
The Mighty Mighty Bosstones (since 1983),
No Doubt (since 1986),
Skankin' Pickle (1989-1996),
Mustard Plug (since 1991),
Reel Big Fish (since 1992),
Less Than Jake (since 1992), and
Five Iron Frenzy (since 1995).
Five of these popular Ska bands played in the 1998 Ska Against Racism Tour.
Impact of the Tour
Mike Park stated, "what we're hoping with this tour is to maybe educate about the history of ska, but also hit an age group that's really impressionable. I know a lot of these kids are just here to see the music, but if we can get a small percentage to really get involved, become proactive, and volunteer their time with youth centers and demonstrate against Klans in their area--whatever. Just to become more educated." Chuck Wren, the radio and street promotion for the tour, said he didn't think it would change the world but that on balance it was a good thing: "I think part of the reason for the tour is to bring some awareness and to hand out literature from the different organizations and to raise money as well."
According to the Blue Meanies, few of the bands playing in the tour were committed to the message. The tour had very little emphasis on racism, bands would occasionally say "Racism sucks," but that's it. Park was disappointed in the outcome of the tour but he confessed that there was no time to get things properly organized. Despite the disappointment, the tour donated $23,000 to Anti-Racism Action and the National Council of Churches' Burned Churches Fund. It included 100 percent of the profits from official Ska Against Racism merchandise—about $7,000—and the $15,000 that was left over after the bands took their cut.
Lineup
The 1998 tour line-up consisted of:
Less Than Jake, Mustard Plug, The Toasters, Five Iron Frenzy, MU330, Blue Meanies, Mike Park, and Kemuri.
Tour dates
Listed below are the tour dates and locations of the Ska Against Racism Tour of 1998. Large metropolitan areas are among the nation's most segregated regions, and while none are meaningfully integrated, some are divided far more along racial lines than others.
The racial divide in Cincinnati is one of the greatest in the country; While 10.3% of white area residents live in poverty, more than 30% of Hispanic residents and more than 33% of black residents live below the poverty line, both among the highest rates in the country. Houston, Texas has a 60.6 white-black dissimilarity score, Washington D.C. has a 61.0 white-black dissimilarity score, Pittsburgh, Pa. has a 63.1 white-black dissimilarity score, New Orleans has a 63.3 white-black dissimilarity score, Chicago has a 75.2 white-black dissimilarity score, New York City, N.Y. has a 76.9 white-black dissimilarity score, and Milwaukee, Wisc. has the highest at 79.6 white-black dissimilarity. Racial inequality in Milwaukee County is divided along racial and political lines, and the city is the most segregated in America.
References
1998 concert tours
1998 in music
1950s establishments in Jamaica
Josef Lidl is a Czech manufacturer of musical instruments. It was founded in Moravia in 1892, and is the oldest manufacturer of instruments in the Czech Republic. The company is based in Brno.
The company specialises in brass instruments including tubas, flugelhorns, horns, trumpets and natural horns.
The horn played by journalist Jasper Rees and described in his book I Found My Horn is a Lidl.
External links
Official website
Companies based in Brno
Manufacturing companies established in 1892
Brass instrument manufacturing companies
Musical instrument manufacturing companies of the Czech Republic
Czech brands
1892 establishments in Austria-Hungary
Design companies established in 1892
Pionersky Radar Station () is an early warning radar station near Pionersky in Kaliningrad Oblast, Russia. It is a key part of the Russian early warning system against missile attacks and is run by the Russian Aerospace Defence Forces.
The station is located on the former Dunayevka air base south west of the village of Pionersky and north west of Kaliningrad.
The radar is modular and can be put into testing mode before being fully completed. It was announced in November 2011 that the radar was operational but without a fully completed array. Previously Oleg Ostapenko, commander of the Russian Space Forces was quoted as saying in January 2011 that it had started working whilst being built and Vladimir Popovkin, then First Deputy Minister of Defence, was quoted as saying in February 2011 that it will not be complete until 2016. It is fully operational in 2014.
The radar is estimated to cost 4.43 billion rubles.
Voronezh radar
Voronezh radar are highly prefabricated radars needing fewer personnel and using less energy than previous generations. The one being built in Pionersky is a Voronezh-DM, a UHF radar with a 6,000 km stated range.
References
Russian Space Forces
Russian and Soviet military radars
Military installations of Russia
Rio Blanco County is a county located in the U.S. state of Colorado. As of the 2020 census, the population was 6,529. The county seat is Meeker. The name of the county is the Spanish language name for the White River which runs through it.
History
Rio Blanco County was created on March 25, 1889, when it was split from Garfield County. The town of Meeker became the county seat.
On May 17, 1973, Rio Blanco County became one of two counties in Colorado to have a peaceful nuclear explosion as a part of Operation Plowshare. There were three nearly simultaneous explosions targeted at fracking oil, all detonated as Project Rio Blanco. The other county is Garfield County under Project Rulison.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.06%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Moffat County - north
Routt County - northeast
Garfield County - south
Uintah County, Utah - west
Major Highways
State Highway 13
State Highway 64
State Highway 139
National protected areas
Routt National Forest
White River National Forest
Flat Tops Wilderness
Scenic byways
Dinosaur Diamond Prehistoric Highway National Scenic Byway
Flat Tops Trail Scenic Byway
State parks and wildlife areas
Colorow Mountain State Wildlife Area
Demographics
At the 2000 census there were 5,986 people, 2,306 households, and 1,646 families living in the county. The population density was 2 people per square mile (1/km2). There were 2,855 housing units at an average density of 1 per square mile (0/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 95.01% White, 0.18% Black or African American, 0.77% Native American, 0.28% Asian, 2.02% from other races, and 1.74% from two or more races. 4.94% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
Of the 2,306 households 35.60% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.10% were married couples living together, 7.80% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.60% were non-families. 24.80% of households were one person and 8.70% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 2.98.
The age distribution was 26.50% under the age of 18, 9.20% from 18 to 24, 27.50% from 25 to 44, 25.60% from 45 to 64, and 11.20% 65 or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 101.90 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.60 males.
The median household income was $37,711 and the median family income was $44,425. Males had a median income of $38,125 versus $19,940 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,344. About 6.70% of families and 9.60% of the population were below the poverty line, including 11.60% of those under age 18 and 10.40% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Rio Blanco is an overwhelmingly Republican county in Presidential elections. It was along with Clark County, Idaho and Kane County, Utah one of only three counties west of the Continental Divide to vote for Alf Landon over Franklin Delano Roosevelt in 1936. In that election Rio Blanco was Landon's strongest county in the eleven western states, marginally shading normal Republican “banner county” Kane. Since that time only two Democrats – Harry S. Truman in 1948 and Lyndon Johnson who narrowly carried the county in 1964 – have obtained over forty percent of the county's vote. In fact, since 1968 only one Democratic presidential candidate, Michael Dukakis in 1988, and him only very marginally, has topped thirty percent of Rio Blanco County's ballots.
In other statewide elections, Rio Blanco County also leans Republican, although it was carried by Democrat Roy Romer in 1990 – when he carried all but four counties statewide – and by Constitution Party candidate Tom Tancredo in 2010. Rio Blanco County was also carried by Democratic Senatorial candidate “Nighthorse” Campbell in 1992, although since then no Democratic candidate for this office has surpassed thirty percent since.
Communities
Towns
Meeker (county seat)
Rangely
Unincorporated communities
Buford
White River City
See also
Outline of Colorado
Index of Colorado-related articles
National Register of Historic Places listings in Rio Blanco County, Colorado
References
External links
Rio Blanco County Government website
Colorado County Evolution by Don Stanwyck
Colorado Historical Society
Colorado counties
1889 establishments in Colorado
Populated places established in 1889
The Coupe de France 1986–87 was its 70th edition. It was won by Girondins de Bordeaux which defeated Olympique de Marseille in the Final.
Round of 16
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
First round
Second round
Final
References
French federation
1986–87 domestic association football cups
1986–87 in French football
1986-87
Vandana is a 1975 Indian film directed by Narendra Suri in Hindi language under the banner of N.K.R. Films. The film released on 31 December 1975 starring Parikshat Sahni, Sadhana, Sarika and Bindu.
Plot
An orphan girl, named Bindu is trapped in a web of deceit and crime that imprisons her in shackles. Expressive as in her other films, events take her through life's journey in a tale that is not quite regular Bombay potboiler. For one, there is a rare use of boats, the 28 metre Pamela (a cabin cruiser) and a couple of dinghies with outboards.
Cast
Parikshit Sahni as Rakesh
Sadhana as Rekha
Sarika as Asha
Bindu as Shobha
Nazir Hussain as Jailor
Narendranath as Badal
Badri Prasad as Judge 1
Murad as Judge 2
Jankidas Mehra as moneylender
Narmada Shankar as Pandit
Durga Khote as Rakesh's Mother
Krishnakant as Shobha's Uncle
Praveen Paul as Lady Jailor
Manmohan as Basant Kumar
Jayshree T. as Sonia
Jhonny Walker as John
Mukri as Popatram
Soundtrack
The music was composed and penned by Ravi and released by Saregama.
References
External links
Vandana (Film)
Vandana (1975)
1975 films
1970s Hindi-language films
1975 drama films
Films scored by Ravi
Friedrich Nürnberg (8 August 1909 – 10 November 1984) was a German chess master.
He took 12th at Bad Oeynhausen 1941 (the 8th German Chess Championship won by Paul Felix Schmidt and Klaus Junge), won ahead of Georg Klaus at Regensburg 1942 (the South German championship), shared 7th at Bad Oeynhausen 1942 (the 9th GER-ch, Ludwig Rellstab), took 14th at Augsburg 1946 (Wolfgang Unzicker won), took 5th at Riedenburg 1947 (Ludwig Rödl won), tied for 6-10th at Weidenau 1947 (the 1st Allied-occupied Germany-ch, Georg Kieninger won), tied for 9-10th at Essen 1948 (the 2nd Western zone-ch, Unzicker won), tied for 28-32nd at Bad Pyrmont 1949 (the 3rd Western zone-ch, Efim Bogoljubow won), took 8th at Augsburg 1951 (Bogoljubow won).
References
External links
Chessgames.com :: Friedrich Nuernberg
Chessmetrics Player Profile :: Friedrich Nürnberg
1909 births
1984 deaths
German chess players
20th-century chess players
Anemocarpa is a genus of flowering plants in the family Asteraceae, endemic to Australia.
Species
Anemocarpa calcicola Paul G.Wilson
Anemocarpa podolepidium (F.Muell.) Paul G.Wilson
Anemocarpa saxatilis (Paul G.Wilson) PaulG.Wilson
References
Gnaphalieae
Asteraceae genera
Endemic flora of Australia
Taxa named by Paul G. Wilson
Kickhams GAC Creggan, founded in 1924, is a Gaelic Athletic Association club from Creggan, County Antrim, Northern Ireland. The club provides Gaelic football, hurling, camogie and ladies football for all age groups from under-10s to senior level.
Creggan host the annual Ulster U21 Club Football Tournament which runs from January to March and is contested by the nine Ulster county champions. The winners receive the Paddy McLarnon Cup.
References
External links
1924 establishments in Northern Ireland
Antrim, County Antrim
Gaelic Athletic Association clubs in County Antrim
Gaelic football clubs in County Antrim
Seija Saara Maria Simola (25 September 1944 Helsinki – 21 August 2017 Vantaa), married Franzén, was a Finnish singer. She began her career musical in the mid-1960s in the band Eero Seija & Kristian Trio, and her debut solo album was released in 1970: Seija Simola 1.
In 1978, she represented Finnish Broadcasting Company (Yle) at the Eurovision Song Contest 1978. There she performed the entry Anna rakkaudelle tilaisuus (Give love a chance), on 22 April 1978. The song finished in the 18th position with a total of two points. Despite this poor result, Simola continued a long and successful career in her native Finland.
Discography
Trio (1970)
Seija Simola 1 (1970)
Aranjuez mon amour – näkemiin (1970)
Rakkaustarina (1971)
Seija (1973)
Tunteen sain (1976)
Seijan kauneimmat laulut (1977)
Katseen kosketus (1979)
Tunteet (1984)
Ota kii – pidä mua (1985)
Seija (1986)
20 suosikkia – Sulle silmäni annan (1995)
Parhaat – Seija Simola (1995)
20 suosikkia – Rakkauden katse (2002)
Sydämesi ääni (2005)
References
External links
Lyrics of the entry Anna rakkaudelle tilaisuus
1944 births
2017 deaths
Eurovision Song Contest entrants of 1978
Eurovision Song Contest entrants for Finland
20th-century Finnish women singers
Musicians from Helsinki
Mark Wayne Rathbun, better known as the Belmont Shore Rapist, is a serial rapist who was active on the west coast of the United States during the late 1990s and early 2000s. Between 1997 and 2002, Rathbun committed at least fourteen rapes in Los Angeles County and Orange County, California. Many of Rathbun's attacks were committed in the Belmont Shore district of Long Beach, California, hence his nickname. In addition to striking in Long Beach, Rathbun was also active in the cities of Huntington Beach and Los Alamitos.
Rathbun's modus operandi was to commit a hot prowl burglary coupled with a sexual attack. Rathbun would break into a victim's home in the middle of the night, enter her bedroom wearing a mask, remove his clothing, then pounce on his victim in her bed while she slept. All of Rathbun's confirmed victims were single women, ranging in age from thirty-four to seventy-seven, most of whom lived alone.
After being identified as a suspect in the Belmont Shore rape series, Rathbun was arrested in Oxnard, California in November 2002. Detectives obtained an oral swab from Rathbun while he was in custody, and a criminalist was able to match this sample to biological evidence which was left behind at the Belmont Shore Rapist's crime scenes. As a result, the Los Angeles County District Attorney's Office charged Rathbun with sixty-three felony counts in 2003. Following his indictment in California, authorities in Seattle, Washington linked Rathbun's DNA to rapes which were committed in their jurisdiction.
In August 2004, an eight man, four woman jury found Rathbun guilty of fifty-nine felonies, including multiple counts of forcible rape, forcible oral copulation, sodomy by use of force, penetration with a foreign object, first-degree burglary, and assault. Prior to being convicted as the Belmost Shore Rapist, Rathbun had accumulated convictions for burglary and false imprisonment. However, Rathbun had only received probation for his earlier convictions.
On September 15, 2004, Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Joan Camparet-Cassani sentenced Rathbun to 1,030 years, plus ten life terms, in prison.
On October 13, 2008, a jury in King County, Washington convicted Rathbun of three rapes which occurred in the Phinney Ridge neighborhood of Seattle in 1996. Rathbun was sentenced to 100 years in prison for these crimes. His sentence will run consecutive to his sentences in California, where he is being held presently.
References
Living people
American rapists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
The following is a list of Singaporean electoral divisions from 1988 to 1991 that served as constituencies that elected Members of Parliament (MPs) to the 7th Parliament of Singapore in the 1988 Singaporean general elections. The number of seats in Parliament had increased by 2 to 81 seats.
On 1 June 1988, the group representative constituency (GRC) scheme was introduced, in which teams of 3 or 4 candidates from a constituency compete to be elected into Parliament. This resulted in a reduced number of constituencies from the previous general election. The aim of the GRC scheme was to allow minorities to be elected and represented in Parliament. It was later amended to teams of 4 to 6 candidates in the 1997 general elections.
Group Representation Constituencies
Single Member Constituencies
References
External links
1988
The Local is a Toronto-based general interest online magazine covering urban health and social issues. It was founded in 2019 as a not-for-profit organization, with Tai Huynh, Nicholas Hune-Brown, Jen Recknagel and Craig Madho as its founding editorial team. The Local publishes mostly long-form features, investigations and essays on a quarterly basis. From 2017 to 2019, The Local was a hyper-local storytelling project incubated at UHN OpenLab, a design and innovation studio at the University Health Network.
The Local is known for blending human-interest stories with data journalism, most notably during the COVID-19 pandemic when it published five issues dedicated to exploring the pandemic's impact on Toronto communities.
In 2021, The Local began tracking and reporting COVID-19 outbreaks in schools. They maintained a regularly updated data blog called the School Tracker to inform parents of the relative COVID risk in various schools throughout the GTA. On January 1st 2022, in response to this emerging data gap, The Local launched the RAT Tracker, a portal where parents could report the results of their children's rapid antigen tests (RAT). Using this data, they would compile COVID cases on a school level in Toronto in order to equip parents, students, and education staff with the information they need to be safe when returning to school.
The Local is a member of Press Forward, a collection of independent Canadian publications dedicated to unifying, elevating, and advocating for independent media organizations and working towards strengthening innovation, inclusivity and diversity in media across Canada.
Awards
On May 3rd 2022, The Local's pandemic coverage of Ontario's Peel region was won the 2022 World Press Freedom Award. The award recognizes Fatima Syed's groundbreaking reporting in her three feature articles, “You Can't Stop the Spread of the Virus if You Don't Stop it in Peel,” “The Chaotic Race to Vaccinate Peel,” and “We Had to Save Ourselves.”The award was presented to both Fatima Syed and The Local's Editor-in-Chief, Tai Huynh.
References
External links
2019 establishments in Ontario
Magazines published in Toronto
Susan Scafidi is an American lawyer, legal scholar, advocate, nonprofit executive, and commentator. The first professor to offer a formal course on fashion law at a U.S. law school, she is the founder and president of the Fashion Law Institute, a nonprofit organization located at the Fordham University School of Law in New York City.
Scafidi is a frequent commentator on fashion and fashion law, with appearances in the New York Times, the Wall Street Journal, Women's Wear Daily, Forbes Time, Newsweek, Crain's New York Business, the Chicago Tribune, National Public Radio, Today, CBS This Morning, 20/20, The Tyra Banks Show, and other media outlets in the U.S. and abroad. She is also known for her work on cultural appropriation.
Fashion law
Scafidi is credited with being the "pioneer," "innovator" and "senior stateswoman" of fashion law as a distinct legal field.
In 2005, Scafidi launched CounterfeitChic.com. In addition to discussing examples of originality and copying in fashion, Scafidi used the site to call for a cultural analysis of fashion design protection. Scafidi's work in Counterfeit Chic has been cited as the inspiration for subsequent fashion law sites. The American Bar Association has recognized Counterfeit Chic as a top 100 law blog, and Counterfeit Chic has also received attention in multiple media outlets, including the New York Times, ABC News, and The Tyra Banks Show.
Scafidi was the first law professor to advocate for recognizing fashion law as a distinct legal field. Besides writing and speaking on the subject, she offered the first course on fashion law.
Fashion Law Institute
In 2010, with the support of Diane von Furstenberg and the Council of Fashion Designers of America, Scafidi founded the Fashion Law Institute, the world's first academic center dedicated to legal and business issues pertaining to the fashion industry. In 2015, Diane von Furstenberg and Scafidi announced the launch of the world's first master's degrees in fashion law: a Master of Laws for attorneys and a Master of Science in Law for designers, executives, and other non-attorney members of the fashion community.
Advocacy for fashion design protection
Scafidi has been a leading proponent for the enactment of intellectual property protection for fashion design. In 2006, she testified before the House Judiciary Committee in favor of the bill now referred to as the Innovative Design Protection Act, which she helped draft. She has continued to speak about the bill and to provide updates on design protection in Congress and the courts. She has been an expert and amicus brief author in multiple cases pertaining to brand protection, including Star Athletica, LLC v. Varsity Brands, Inc.
Civil rights
Scafidi was a founding board member of the Model Alliance, which was formed after Scafidi approached model advocate Sara Ziff to discuss organizational strategy after a showing of Ziff's documentary, Picture Me. Scafidi and Fashion Law Institute assisted with the drafting and enactment of a New York state law that established legal safeguards for models under the age of sixteen. Scafidi described this legislation as "one of the biggest developments in a century, bringing a whole new group under legal protection."
Scafidi is on the advisory board of the Humans of Fashion Foundation, an organization dedicated to curbing harassment throughout the fashion industry.
Cultural appropriation
Scafidi is the author of Who Owns Culture?, a study of cultural identity in the contemporary marketplace. Scafidi's work on cultural appropriation and ethnographic legal history has been cited in a range of scholarly articles. As she explained in a January 2006 talk at the annual meeting of the Association of American Law Schools, Scafidi's work in both cultural appropriation and fashion grew out of an interest in forms of creativity that the law does not protect and the values implicit in this status, in contrast to other academics' focus on works with extensive and increasing intellectual property protection. Scafidi's work on cultural appropriation has also been cited on both sides in public debates over the use of culture in fashion, such as the Urban Outfitters' Navajo panty; the use of Native American garb in the 2012 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show;, literature, music, and art; and Moana and other halloween costumes.
Education and academic career
A native of Washington D.C., Scafidi received her B.A. from Duke University and J.D. from Yale Law School. She also did graduate work in history at the University of California-Berkeley and the University of Chicago.
After graduation from Yale, she clerked for Morris S. Arnold of the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
Scafidi's first law teaching position was at the University of Chicago. She subsequently joined the faculties at the St. Louis University School of Law and the Dedman School of Law at Southern Methodist University, where she received tenure. Prior to becoming a law professor at Fordham University School of Law, she also taught in the law schools at Brooklyn Law School, Georgetown and Yale.
Selected writing
Counterfeit Chic
Who Owns Culture? Authenticity and Appropriation in American Law, 2005. .
"Intellectual Property and Fashion Design," in Peter Yu, ed., Intellectual Property and Information Wealth, vol. 1, p. 115 (2006).
"Fiat Fashion Law! The Launch of a Label--and a New Branch of Law", in Navigating Fashion Law (2012)
"F.I.T. Fashion as Information Technology," in Syracuse Law Review, Vol. 59, p. 69 (2008)
"Knock it off! Quashing design pirates" (with Narciso Rodriguez), Chicago Tribune, 29 August 2010.
"Think Tank: Is Your Company's Dress Code Illegal?", Women's Wear Daily, 29 March 2017.
"Brief of Fashion Law Institute et al. in Support of Respondents" Star Athletic, LLC v. Varsity Brands, Inc., 2016.
References
External links
Fashion Law Institute
Fashion Law Institute on Getty Images
Techdirt articles
Eisenberg, Lee. Shoptimism: Why the American Consumer Will Keep on Buying No Matter What, 2009. .
Cline, Elizabeth. Overdressed: The Shockingly High Cost of Cheap Fashion, 2012. .
Living people
American lawyers
American legal scholars
Angier B. Duke Scholars
American fashion businesspeople
Fordham University faculty
Duke University alumni
University of California, Berkeley alumni
University of Chicago alumni
Yale Law School alumni
Saint Louis University faculty
Southern Methodist University faculty
American women lawyers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Women legal scholars
Brooklyn Law School faculty
American women academics
21st-century American women
The lira (plural lire; abbreviation: VAL) was the currency of the Vatican City between 1929 and 2002. It was not a separate currency but an issue of the Italian lira; the Banca d'Italia produced coins specifically for Vatican City.
History
The Papal States, by the late 1860s, was reduced to a small area close to Rome, used its own lira between 1866 and 1870 as a member of the Latin Monetary Union. Upon the conclusion of the Risorgimento, the state, and its currency, ceased to exist. In 1929, the Lateran Treaty established the State of the Vatican City and, according to the terms of the treaty, a distinct coinage was introduced, denominated in centesimi and lire, on par with the Italian lira. Italian coins and banknotes were legal tender in the Vatican City. The Vatican coins were minted in Rome and were also legal tender in Italy and San Marino.
In 2002, the Vatican City switched to the euro at an exchange rate of 1 euro = 1,936.27 Lire. It has its own set of euro coins.
Coins
The development of Vatican coins largely mirrored the development of the Italian lire coins.
In 1929, copper c.5 and c.10, nickel c.20 and c.50, 1 Lira and 2 Lire, silver 5 Lire and 10 Lire, and gold 100 Lire coins were introduced. In 1936, the gold content of 100 Lire coins was decreased from 0.2546 to 0.1502 troy ounces. In 1939, aluminium bronze replaced copper and, in 1940, stainless steel replaced nickel. Between 1941 and 1943, production of the various denominations was reduced to only a few thousand per year.
In 1947, a new coinage was introduced consisting of aluminium 1 Lira, 2 Lire, 5 Lire and 10 Lire. The sizes of these coins were reduced in 1951. In 1955, stainless steel 50 Lire and 100 Lire were introduced, followed by aluminium-bronze 20 Lire in 1957 and silver 500 Lire in 1958. The 1 Lira and 2 Lire ceased production in 1977, followed by the 5 Lire in 1978. Aluminium-bronze 200 Lire were introduced in 1978, followed by bi-metallic 500 Lire and 1,000 Lire in 1985 and 1997, respectively. The 50 Lire and 100 Lire were reduced in size in 1992.
Beginning in 1967, the Vatican began issuing coins using Roman numerals for the year of issue, as opposed to the more common Arabic numerals.
Vatican lire coins were discontinued after the advent of the euro.
Vatican City has frequently issued its coins in yearly changing commemorative series, featuring a wide variety of themes. While most of these were sold in the form of uncirculated mint sets, a portion of Vatican coins were released into general circulation.
Circulating coins from Pius XI to Pius XII papacies (1929-1958)
See also
Economy of Vatican City
Index of Vatican City–related articles
Philatelic and Numismatic Office of the Vatican City State
Vatican euro coins
References
Currencies of Vatican City
Modern obsolete currencies
Currencies replaced by the euro
Currencies of Europe
1929 establishments in Vatican City
2002 disestablishments in Vatican City
Dropbear, drop bear or dropbears may refer to:
Drop bear, a fictitious Australian animal
The Dropbears, an Australian band
Dropbear (software), an SSH (Secure Shell) software package
St. Clara is an unincorporated community in central Doddridge County, West Virginia, United States. Its elevation is 850 feet (254 m).
An early postmaster gave the community the name of his wife, Clara DisDebar. Located at St. Clara is the Gamsjager-Wysong Farm, listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
References
Unincorporated communities in Doddridge County, West Virginia
Unincorporated communities in West Virginia
South Carolina Highway 314 (SC 314) is a state highway in the U.S. state of South Carolina. The highway is essentially a connecting route between U.S. Route 15 (US 15) and US 176 in a rural part of Orangeburg County.
Route description
SC 314 begins at an intersection with US 15 (Bass Drive) west-southwest of Holly Hill, within Orangeburg County. It travels to the northeast and curves to the north-northeast. It then curves to the east and meets its eastern terminus, an intersection with US 176 (Old State Road).
Major intersections
See also
References
External links
SC 314 at Virginia Highways' South Carolina Highways Annex
314
Transportation in Orangeburg County, South Carolina
Titania Peak () is a rock peak, rising to about 1,250 m, lying near the head of Uranus Glacier, 11 nautical miles (20 km) west-northwest of Mount Umbriel, situated in the central portion of Alexander Island, Antarctica. First mapped from air photos taken by the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition in 1947–48, by Searle of the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey in 1960. This feature was named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee from association with nearby Uranus Glacier, Titania being one of the satellites of the planet Uranus, the seventh planet of the Solar System.it was first climbed in 1970 by Tony Bushell, Ian Sykes and Rod Pashley.
See also
Copland Peak
Gilliamsen Peak
Oberon Peak
Mountains of Alexander Island
Moca oxystoma is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by John David Bradley in 1962. It is found on Vanuatu in the South Pacific.
References
Moths described in 1962
Immidae
Moths of Oceania
Patricia Falken Smith (January 21, 1926 – May 19, 2001) was a television writer, best known for her being head writer of several soap operas, including General Hospital and Days of Our Lives.
Positions held
Where the Heart Is
Head Writer: 1970-1972
Days of Our Lives
Head Writer: May 1975 - April 19, 1977, October 21, 1981 - April 16, 1982
scriptwriter: 1966, 1968-1971, 1972-1975
Story Consultant: 1987-1988
General Hospital
Head Writer: 1979-1981, 1985-1986, 1988-1989
Guiding Light
Head Writer: 1982-1983
Ryan's Hope
Head Writer: 1983-1985
Career
Smith served as the Head Writer for Days of our Lives from 1975 - 1977, where she earned a salary of $285,000 a year, considered very high for that time, which included $35,000 just for "thinking creatively." She won the "Outstanding Writing in a Drama Series" Daytime Emmy Award for Days of our Lives in 1976 and 1977. She returned to Days of our Lives in 1981 where she introduced the Brady and DiMera families.
Smith was hired by Gloria Monty to head write ABC Daytime's General Hospital from 1979 - 1981 and she is credited with taking the show to the top of the soap ratings. Smith was reported to be the highest paid writer in broadcasting history when she left General Hospital in 1981, at $1 million per year.
Then Smith went to Guiding Light in 1982, where she served as Head Writer for less than 13 weeks. She went on to serve as Head Writer of Ryan's Hope before returning as Head Writer of General Hospital two more times in the 1980s. (1985-1986, 1988-1989).
She died in Los Angeles, on May 19, 2001, aged 75.
Awards and nominations
Daytime Emmy Awards
WINS
(1976; Best Writing; Days of Our Lives)
NOMINATIONS
(1975, 1977 & 1978; Best Writing; Days of Our Lives)
(1981 & 1986; Best Writing; General Hospital)
Writers Guild of America Award
NOMINATIONS
(1975, 1976, 1977 & 1978 seasons; Days of Our Lives)
Notes and references
External links
Obituary for Pat Falken Smith on SoapCentral
Genie Francis
American soap opera writers
1926 births
2001 deaths
American women television writers
Daytime Emmy Award winners
Place of birth missing
Women soap opera writers
20th-century American screenwriters
20th-century American women writers
The Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol regional election of 1948 took place on 28 November 1948. It was the first election ever. Proportional representation was used.
Under provisions of the autonomy laws, the Provincial Council of Trento and the Provincial Council of Bolzano were established as sections of the Regional Council.
The Christian Democracy and the South Tyrolean People's Party won the election.
Results
Regional Council
Provincial Council of Trento
Provincial Council of Bolzano
Elections in Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol
1948 elections in Italy
The 1953–54 Hong Kong First Division League season was the 43rd since its establishment.
League table
References
1953–54 Hong Kong First Division table (RSSSF)
Hong Kong First Division League seasons
Hong
football
Simon Berger may refer to:
Simon Berger (artist) (born 1976), Swiss artist
Simon J. Berger (born 1979), Swedish actor
Simon Berger, Australian media person involved in Alan Jones "died of shame" controversy
Kenneth Maurice Smith (born 30 December 1944) is an Australian politician who was the member for Bass in the Victorian Legislative Assembly from 2002 to 2014. He was Speaker of the Victorian Legislative Assembly from 21 December 2010 to 4 February 2014.
Smith was a plumber before he entered the Parliament of Victoria in 1988, winning the Legislative Council seat of South-Eastern Province for the Liberal Party. During his time in the Legislative Council, Smith served on the backbench, although after being returned at the 1996 election he served as government Whip. When the Kennett government lost power in 1999, Smith continued on as Opposition whip.
As a retired "politician", Ken Smith likes to spend his days sending his thought bubbles as emails to local council in the hopes of becoming "relevant" again. His brain sparks range from complaints about local construction projects to the inconvenient timing of locals walking their dogs.
The redistribution prior to the 2002 election abolished his upper house province, and Smith decided to contest the new Lower House seat of Bass—basically a reconfigured Gippsland West. He faced Susan Davies, the independent MP for Gippsland West. While the election was a disaster for the Liberals, Smith provided them with their only gain, winning the seat after Davies was overtaken by Labor on the primary vote. Had Davies finished second on the first count, she would have likely picked up enough Labor preferences to retain this ancestrally Liberal seat.
Smith served as Shadow Minister for Gaming and Shadow Minister for Fisheries.
In 2008 Smith put forward a private member's bill that would allow euthanasia in Victoria. The bill was similar to the Dying With Dignity Act in Oregon in the United States, and generated considerable controversy. The bill was defeated in the Victorian Legislative Council.
In 2009, Smith was unopposed for preselection for the seat of Bass and was re-endorsed by the Liberal Party as their candidate
On 21 December 2010, Smith was elected unopposed as Speaker of the Legislative Assembly for the 57th Victorian Parliament. On 19 September 2013, he was forced to use his tiebreaking vote to carry a motion to suspend Opposition Leader Daniel Andrews for disorderly conduct. This ensued when Andrews accused Smith of bias when Smith ordered the removal of posters showing Liberal-turned-independent Geoff Shaw—whose vote was keeping the Coalition in office as a minority government—alongside government ministers, but ruled Premier Denis Napthine's claims of incompetence on the part of the previous Labor government were in order. Andrews refused Smith's order to leave the chamber for an hour and a half, prompting Smith to have the Serjeant-At-Arms remove him. Smith then "named" Andrews for disorderly conduct. With Shaw out of the chamber at the time, the vote on suspending Andrews was deadlocked at 40-40, forcing Smith to vote in favour of the motion and resulting in a Labor members walkout of Parliament.
In late 2013, Shaw declared that he had no confidence in Smith's speakership, after the Speaker had referred allegations regarding Shaw's use of parliamentary entitlements to the Victorian Ombudsman. From this time, 44 members (43 of them from the Labor opposition) lacked confidence in Mr Smith continuing as Speaker, with 43 members as well as Mr Smith himself maintaining confidence.
On 4 February 2014, Smith stood down as Speaker but announced he would remain an MP until the state election due in November, when he would retire.
References
|-
|-
1944 births
Living people
Members of the Victorian Legislative Council
Members of the Victorian Legislative Assembly
Speakers of the Victorian Legislative Assembly
Members of the Order of Australia
Liberal Party of Australia members of the Parliament of Victoria
21st-century Australian politicians
Pandemic is the debut studio album by American rapper Comethazine, released on March 27, 2020, by Alamo Records.
Promotion
Singles
"Glide" was released as the album's first single on September 28, 2019, under the title "Glide Freestyle". A music video accompanied the release of the track.
"No Front" was released as the album's second single on March 20, 2020, along with a music video.
Track listing
Charts
References
2020 debut albums
Comethazine albums
The U.S. Customs House, (Spanish: Aduana de Fajardo), located at Calle Union, Fajardo, Puerto Rico, was constructed in 1930. The poured-concrete building is significant architecturally and historically for the role it played in the first, transitional phase of the American customs service in Puerto Rico, from 1898 through 1931. This period is bracketed on one end by the cession, on December 10, 1898, of the island of Puerto Rico to the United States by Spain as a condition of the Treaty of Paris ending the Spanish–American War, and on the other by the completion in 1931 of the major building and rehabilitation program undertaken by the U.S. Customs Service following World War I.
Historical background
While the Fajardo Custom House is the least imposing of the customhouses included in this multiple-resource nomination, it is still more impressive than those at Arecibo, Arroyo and Aguadilla, which were constructed during the same period but are no longer owned by the United States Customs Service. Its amplified Spanish Colonial-Revival style is in keeping with the somber economic import of its construction date, and the building provides a feeling of permanence and dignity in a minimally developed area. It was designed by Albert B. Nichols, architect and building inspector, Puerto Rico Field Office of the Office of the Supervising Architect of the Treasury. Ten sheets of drawings of the Fajardo construction signed by Nichols (out of a total of twelve sheets) are in the San Juan Custom House files.
Fajardo was in use as a port of entry at the end of the Spanish era and through much of the early American period. A small plain customhouse of the Spanish period is known to have exited here.
Building description
The United States Custom house in Fajardo's Puerto Real was built in 1930 on a waterfront site which was originally directly on the beach, without a street. Today, the first and second floor of the building are used by the U.S. Custom Service and part of the first floor by the U.S. Postal Service. Part of the second floor is believed to have formerly been the residence for the customs port director, although the architect's drawings indicate only office use.
The customhouse is a 2 1/2-story, rectangular-plan, poured-concrete and concrete-frame structure with a rear one-story-with-roof-terrace wing, also of concrete. The main portion of the building is 33'0" by 49'0" and the rear wing is 16'6" by 49'0". The waterside east elevation is three bays wide with an original entrance door in the northernmost bay. Each first-floor bay on the east and north elevations has a large round-arch opening. As part of the extensive alterations of 1975, the other two east elevation arches have been, blocked in
except for small central windows and the corner opening last brick in the arch.
The two openings on the north left and center retain their original doors and decorative iron and griHework and Terra-cotta. The right-hand opening to the post office is a plain arch opening replacing the original rolled-steel door.
There is a terra-cotta string course with four crests between the floors on the east side. On the second floor of the east side, the end bays have modern paired windows and the center bay has one paired and one single metal window of 1975. There are three gabled dormers each with copper louvers instead of windows. The roof is covered with red Spanish tile. The south side windows have been replaced by glass blocks while the original double board door remains in the center. The north and present front elevation on Calle Union is a gable end and is three bays wide on the first floor, two bays upstairs. Above the filled-in attic fan window, on either end is a standard for a flagpole.
The building is in generally sound condition but with significant alterations made in 1975. There has been some modification of the original plan on both floors which has caused elimination of some of the architectural elements and the incorporation of new materials and techniques with no historical relationship to the building's original appearance. These changes include the installation of wall mounted air-conditioners and acoustical-tile suspended ceilings, removal of decorative ironwork, blocking of openings, and replacement of original metal casement windows with modern metal windows. The second-floor east windows were originally steel casement-awning sash, with four sets in the center flanked by pairs at the sides. The south side had two pairs of windows and the north side was single windows. The casement windows are two eight-light casement sash topped with two four-light awning windows.
The first-floor plan of the building is based on the division of the space by a wall that runs the length of the building north to south and divides the space into two approximately 15' wide rectangles that are then subdivided by partitions, creating small rooms and offices.
At the northeast corner of the building is the entrance lobby principal public space of the original building. Approximately 15' × 10*8", it contains a simple, single-turn staircase to the second floor along the west side and features a masonry rail. The southern wall contains an ornamented cashier's window and door, all with wrought-iron decorative grilles. The door provides entrance to the general office behind. The floor is quarry tile. The general office, approximately 15 x 22 feet, has a suspended acoustical-tile ceiling, as does the next and last room on this side, the port director's office. The western half of the customhouse contains storage and warehouse area, except for the northwest corner, which is partitioned for the U.S. Post Office, Puerto Real branch of Fajardo, located in what was originally warehouse space.
There is a small L-shaped lobby and two customer windows. The second floor is devoted to general working area and offices, along with a kitchen, bathroom and the roof terrace over the rear wing. A portion is believed to have been originally used as the Port Director's residence, as noted. Portions of the terrace have now been closed in or roofed. On the exterior, the first floor windows and doors on the north and east elevations are placed in large, slightly recessed arched openings, creating an arcade along the base of the building.
Only the three doors on the north elevation have wood-paneled double doors. Only the original east entrance door, the present north entrance door and the north center door retain their original decorative glazed tiles in the lintels over the door. Only the north left and north center doors retain the decorative iron grille-work in the arch. The north center door has also retained its original ornamental ironwork gate in front of the wooden door. Between the second floor windows on the north side there is a large Terra-cotta U.S.
Customs Service crest. On the east elevation the words, "U.S. Custom House," are located in masonry letters above the first-floor windows. On the interior, the lobby retains its original, ceiling, quarry-tile floor, and steps with polished-concrete treads. The original ornamental iron grille survives in the upper panel of the door to the general office and the cashier's window beside it.
The other floors are covered with vinyl tile, and the ceilings are obscured by suspended acoustical 2x4 tile. On the second floor there are a few places where the original gypsum ceiling and simple cornice moldings are still visible. There is a ladder and scuttle opening to the attic, which is unusable space filled with roof trusses and concrete framing. The rear of the building is plain. The first floor initially had small, fixed, steel sash, now closed in. On the second floor, opening to the original porch, are five doors and three windows from the original plan. There is a 1975 iron fence around the north and east sides of the building, and a masonry wall is on the south lot line. There were originally decorative posts and gate at the south side of the building.
Ten of the twelve architect's drawings for this building, by Albert B. Nichols, Architect and Inspector of Buildings, survive in the files of the San Juan Customs House.
Today
The United States Customs House in Fajardo, Puerto Rico still in active status under the jurisdiction of the U.S. Customs and Border Protection. Its mission is to enforce various provisions of the customs and navigations law. This building is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places since February 12, 1988. The U.S. Postal Service Puerto Real branch moved to another location near the custom house at Calle Union in Fajardo.
See also
United States Custom House (Mayagüez, Puerto Rico)
United States Customs House (Ponce, Puerto Rico)
References
External links
Fajardo, Puerto Rico - 4904 - Customs Border Patrol Government Site
Government buildings completed in 1930
1930 establishments in Puerto Rico
Fajardo, Puerto Rico
Custom houses in the United States
National Register of Historic Places in Puerto Rico
Custom houses on the National Register of Historic Places
Brigadier General Trần Văn Hai (1927-1975) was an officer in the Army of the Republic of Vietnam. He was born in Cần Thơ.
Military service
In 1951, Hai graduated from the Dalat Military Academy, Class 7.
In 1968, he was commanding the Ranger Branch Command, directly supervising the Ranger's raid to clear the enemy force that infiltrated into the business quarter of Cho Lon area. He was then assigned National Police Chief.
He was the commander of the 7th Infantry Division at Dong Tam, near Mỹ Tho.
In 1970, he was commander, Special Tactical Area 44, before commanding the 7th Division. He was renowned for being incorruptible, outspoken and brave.
On April 30, 1975, at midnight he committed suicide at the Division Headquarters, Đồng Tâm Base Camp. His motives are unknown, but according to NY Times, General Hai feared persecution due to the humiliation of surrendering to VC divisions outside at the NH4 (now National Route 1A). General Hai is one of the five ARVN generals who committed suicide to avoid a humiliating surrender to VC/NVA soldiers.
References
External links
1927 births
1975 deaths
Army of the Republic of Vietnam generals
South Vietnamese military personnel of the Vietnam War
Deaths by firearm in Vietnam
People from Cần Thơ
Vietnamese military personnel who committed suicide
Protopalpus is a monotypic genus of southeast Asian sheet weavers containing the single species, Protopalpus kurku. It was first described by A. V. Tanasevitch in 2021, and it has only been found in Thailand.
See also
List of Linyphiidae species (I–P)
References
Monotypic Linyphiidae genera
Arthropods of Thailand
The Jefferson City News Tribune, also known as the News Tribune, is an American daily newspaper published in Jefferson City, Missouri. It is owned by WEHCO Media, Inc.
References
newstribune.com,
wehco.com,
mopress.com/missouri-newspaper-directory-free-edition/2187/jefferson-city-news-tribune/
External links
Official web site
WEHCO Media website
Newspapers published in Missouri
Cole County, Missouri
1865 establishments in Missouri
The Great Retreat was a strategic withdrawal on the Eastern Front of World War I in 1915. The Imperial Russian Army gave up the salient in Galicia and Poland. The Russians' critically under-equipped and (at the points of engagement) outnumbered forces suffered great losses in the Central Powers' July–September summer offensive operations, this leading to the Stavka ordering a withdrawal to shorten the front lines and avoid the potential encirclement of large Russian forces in the salient. While the withdrawal itself was relatively well conducted, it was a severe blow to Russian morale.
Background
Following the German success with their Gorlice–Tarnów offensive, Hans von Seeckt proposed that August von Mackensen's Eleventh Army should advance north towards Brest-Litovsk, with their flanks shielded by the rivers Vistula and Bug. Mackensen and Erich von Falkenhayn supported this strategy of attacking the Russian salient in Poland, and forcing a decisive battle. Ober Ost, led by Paul von Hindenberg and Erich Ludendorff, would attack towards the southeast, while Mackensen turned north, and the Austro-Hungarian Second Army attacked east. The Ober Ost Twelfth Army, led by Max von Gallwitz, would advance to the northeast of Warsaw, while the Ninth Army, led by Prince Leopold of Bavaria, the Woyrsch Corps, led by Remus von Woyrsch, and the Austro-Hungarian First Army, led by Paul Puhallo von Brlog, pushed the Russians eastward to the Vistula. The Army of the Bug, led by Alexander von Linsingen, the Austro-Hungarian Second and Seventh Armies, led by Eduard von Böhm-Ermolli and Karl von Pflanzer-Baltin respectively, protected Mackensen's eastern flank. On Mackensen's western flank was the Austro-Hungarian Fourth Army, led by Archduke Joseph Ferdinand.
On 24 June, the Russian Tsar Nicholas II met with his senior leaders in Baranovichi, where it was agreed to no longer defend the Polish salient. The new Russian line would run from Riga, Kovno, Grodno, Brest-Litovsk, along the upper Bug, and then along the Dniester into Romania. The Third and Fourth Armies were also placed under the control of Mikhail Alekseyev's Northwest Front, consisting of the Second, First, Twelfth, Tenth and Fifth Armies, deployed south to north. Alekseyev then planned a slow withdrawal from the salient.
The Ober Ost attack was to commence on 13 July, followed by Mackensen's advance on 15 July. The strategic Russian railway center of Włodzimierz Wołyński was an early priority of Mackensen.
Offensive
During the first two days of battle, Gallwitz's Twelfth Army pushed Alexander Litvinov's First Army back and captured 7,000 prisoners. By 17 July, Gallwitz's Twelfth Army and Friedrich von Scholtz's Eighth Army had pushed the Russian First and Twelfth Armies to the Narew. On 14 July, the Austro-Hungarian First Army, redeployed from the south of Woyrsch Corps to the east of Mackensen, advanced towards Sokal. The First Army was then to form a bridgehead across the Bug, defended by the Russian Eighth Army, which they achieved by 18 July, and commenced to move towards Włodzimierz Wołyński. On 15 July, the Bug Army overran Russian defenses, forcing their retreat. On 16 July, Mackensen's Eleventh Army overran the first line of Russian defenses, captured Krasnostaw, and about 6000 prisoners. By 18 July, they had advanced north , and captured 15,000 prisoners. On 17 July, the Woyrsch Corps commenced its attack, and captured Radom.
On 22 July, as the Austro-Hungarian Fourth Army advanced towards Lublin, Alexeyev ordered a retreat towards Ivangorod. On 23 July, Ober Ost was able to establish a bridgehead across the Narew at Pułtusk. At this stage of the battle, a swift breakthrough by the Central Powers became doubtful. In the words of Ludendorff, "The Russian Army was certainly forced to move [back], but it escaped. It launched constant determined counterattacks with powerful forces to reorganize and successfully mount prolonged resistance." Max Hoffmann noted, "It seems that the Russians are actually repeating [the events of] 1812 and retreating along the entire front. They are setting fire to hundreds of their own villages, whose inhabitants have been evacuated."
As the Russian army retreated, the Chief of the General Staff Nikolai Yanushkevich, supported by Grand Duke Nicholas, ordered the army to devastate the border territories and expel the "enemy" nations within. The Russian authorities deported 500,000 Jews and 250,000 Germans into the Russian interior. On 11 June, a pogrom began against Germans in Petrograd, with over 500 factories, stores and offices looted and mob violence unleashed against Germans. The Russian military leadership regarded Muslims, Germans and Poles as traitors and spies, while Jews were considered political unreliables.
On 29 July, Woyrsch established a bridgehead across the Vistula north of Ivangorod, forcing the Russians to abandon the fortress there. On 31 July, Mackensen captured Lublin, and on 1 August, the Bug Army captured Khelme. Alexeyev then ordered Warsaw to be abandoned, and on 5 August, Prince Leopold's Ninth Army marched into the city. On 17 August, the German Tenth Army captured Kovno and the Kaunas Fortress. The Novogeorgievsk Fortress was encircled by the Germans on 10 August, and Hans Hartwig von Beseler's siege guns forced its surrender on 20 August. The Osowiec Fortress was also eventually abandoned by the Russians, followed by a German chlorine gas attack. Kovel was abandoned by the Russians on 21 August, and Stavka abandoned Baranovichi for Mogilev.
Mackensen's Eleventh Army, and Linsingen's Bug Army, continued their northerly advance towards Brest-Litovsk, occupying the citadel on 26 August. Otto von Below's Army of the Niemen advanced into southern Latvia, while Scholtz's Tenth Army advanced towards Vilna, which was abandoned by the Russians on 17 September.
Aftermath
According to Prit Buttar, "...as far as Falkenhayn was concerned, he had achieved all that he could expect to achieve on the Eastern Front. Russia was clearly not going to accept a separate peace, and the complete destruction of the Russian Army had never been his intention. With so much territory gained and so much damage done to the Russians, it was highly likely that there would be no threat from the east for the foreseeable future."
The tsar assumed command of the military, dismissing Grand Duke Nikolai, and Nikolai Yanushkevich.
Casualties and losses
During the summer offensive, the troops of the Central Powers inflicted very heavy casualties on the Imperial Russian Army - in 45 days - up to 1,006,000 men. Of course, this was somewhat less than the Russian casualties in the previous Gorlice campaign (1,243,400 men in 75 days), but on average, the casualties per day were higher - 22,300 men against 16,600. Such dynamics was affected, before of all, the fall of the Novogeorgievsk fortress and the capture by the Germans of its numerous garrison. The armies of the Central Powers suffered fewer casualties in July-August than in May-June (358,600 men against 535,300), but the daily average casualties also increased (from 7,000 to almost 8,000 men). At the same time, if in the Gorlice campaign the most severe casualties of the Central Powers were the casualties of the Austro-Hungarian troops (2.5 times more than the German ones), then in the general offensive the German troops already lost 2 times more men than their ally. Such dynamics allows us to conclude that the casualties of the armies of the Dual Monarchy in the Gorlice campaign affected their subsequent activity - namely, on the front south of the Bug. Also for the German Headquarters, high casualties became one of the factors for refusing further offensive actions against the Russian Empire and switching to defense.
For the Russian side, the scale of the casualties suffered greatly affected the further planning of military operations, forcing them to abandon not only the transition to the offensive, but also the protracted battle in their positions. Particularly painful was the increase in the number of prisoners, despite the fact that the enemy constantly announced the size of the trophies. In total, the Central Powers announced the capture from mid-July to September 1 of 511,679 prisoners (of which 18 were generals and 2,923 officers), 1,076 machine guns and 3,205 guns (of which 2,941 were in fortresses). The number of prisoners declared to the International Red Cross exceeds the number of missing, probably due to the prisoners taken in the last days of August, when the Austro-Hungarian troops began to attack Volyn and the boom beyond Grodno and Vilna, as well as a result of errors in calculations and underestimation of the missing among the rear units and services of Kovno, Ivangorod, Łomża and Osowiec.
However, in this case, there is a tendency when almost all the missing are in captivity. The increase in the number of prisoners, even in comparison with the Gorlice campaign, was primarily due to the surrender of the Novogeorgievsk garrison (almost 90,000 men). Despite the threats of repressive measures against both the so-called “voluntarily surrendered” and the families of prisoners (deprivation of government rations), the distribution of “stories” by order of the alleged mass destruction of those captured by the enemy, the proportion of missing remained large and outnumbered the number of wounded. The Commander-in-Chief of the armies of the Southwestern Front (whose troops in July-August suffered casualties as prisoners to a much lesser extent), General of Artillery N. Ivanov, on August 10, ordered all commanding persons to conduct thorough investigations of "such shameful phenomena for the Russian warrior" when " a very large, unprecedented in the Russian army, the number of military ranks missing during marches and battles, a significant and even most of which either disperse, making escapes, or surrender to the enemy. Ivanov emphasized: “Senior commanders must show special care and forethought in preventing these phenomena that shame our army”.
Along with objective factors - the severity of the battles, when shelters and trenches were destroyed during prolonged shelling, burying soldiers under them, night crossings in a state of extreme fatigue, continuous retreat - subjective factors also influenced the increase in the number of missing persons, namely the weakness of officers and non-commissioned officers, poor training of replenishment. A glaring fact of the fall in the level of training of young soldiers was the incident with the 12th company of the 164th reserve battalion, sent on July 17, 1915 to replenish the 61st Infantry Division. On July 20, on the 4th day of the march, the company fled; out of 250 men, only six came to their destination.
The number of wounded in the fingers continued to grow, which caused repeated criticism from the commanders, threats of reprisals and even condemnation by courts-martial to death of those convicted of self-mutilation. After the beginning of the July fighting, the chief of staff of the 2nd Siberian Army Corps ordered not to evacuate the wounded in the fingers and hands, but to bring them to justice; regimental commanders were required to submit monthly reports on the number of lower ranks with such wounds.
During the repulse of the summer offensive of the Central Powers, Russian troops captured 281 officers and 20,353 soldiers, as well as 25 machine guns. Given this number, it can be assumed that on the Central Powers's side the death toll could rise to 101,064 men (71,523 on the German side and 29,541 on the Austro-Hungarian side), which exceeds the number of deaths on the Russian side. Such serious damage clearly affected the position of the chief of staff of the German Headquarters, E. von Falkenhayn, who insisted on the immediate curtailment of the offensive and the transition to defense in the achieved advantageous positions. But in general, the casualties of the Imperial Russian Army turned out to be almost three times higher than that of the enemy, mainly due to the missing and prisoners (a ratio of more than 20:1).
See also
Bug-Narew Offensive
Vistula-Bug offensive
Jastków
Siege of Novogeorgievsk
Riga-Schaulen offensive
Kovno
Zolota Lypa-Dnestr battle
Sventiany
References
Bibliography
Further reading
Norman Stone, The Eastern Front 1914-17 (London, 1975) pp. 165–193
Stanley Washburn. Victory in defeat; the agony of Warsaw and the Russian retreat
Stanley Washburn. The Russian campaign, April to August, 1915
Conflicts in 1915
Battles of the Eastern Front (World War I)
Battles of World War I involving Germany
Battles of World War I involving Russia
1915 in the Russian Empire
July 1915 events
August 1915 events
September 1915 events
Ukraine in World War I
World War I crimes by the Russian Empire
Batrachedra substrata is a species of moth in the family Batrachedridae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1916 and is found in Sri Lanka.
References
Natural History Museum Lepidoptera generic names catalog
Batrachedridae
Moths of Sri Lanka
Moths described in 1916
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
The men's light bantamweight (51 kg/112.2 lbs) Low-Kick division at the W.A.K.O. European Championships 2006 in Skopje was the lightest of the male Low-Kick tournaments and was one of the smallest involving just four fighters. Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Low-Kick kickboxing rules.
The tournament gold medal was won by Russian Aleksandar Aleksandrov who defeated Azerbaijan's Nijat Huseynov in the final by split decision. The bronze medal positions were occupied by defeated semi finalists, Rasim Aliti from hosts Macedonia and Afanasiev Klimeni from Russia.
Results
Key
See also
List of WAKO Amateur European Championships
List of WAKO Amateur World Championships
List of male kickboxers
References
External links
WAKO World Association of Kickboxing Organizations Official Site
W.A.K.O. European Championships 2006 (Skopje)
The Anglican Diocese of Newcastle in Australia is a diocese of the Anglican Church of Australia. The diocese is located in the state of New South Wales. It is centred in the city of Newcastle and extends along the state's coast from Woy Woy to Laurieton and inland to Merriwa and Murrurundi.
The diocese was founded from the Diocese of Australia by letters patent of 25 June 1847. The cathedral church of the diocese is Christ Church Cathedral in Newcastle.
The diocesan bishop is the Bishop of Newcastle. On 25 November 2017, Peter Stuart, the assistant bishop at the time, was elected as the diocesan bishop. He was installed at Christ Church Cathedral on 2 February 2018.
Bishops
Assistant bishops
Robert Davies was a assistant bishop in 1963 and became Bishop of Tasmania. Leslie Stibbard was appointed an assistant bishop in 1964, serving for ten years. Geoffrey Parker served 1974–1982 and died on 28 February 1997. Richard Appleby served 1983–1992 and became diocesan Bishop of the Northern Territory.
Graeme Rutherford (Graeme Stanley Rutherford) was consecrated a bishop on 4 November 2000 and served as assistant bishop for the Central Coast.
Peter Stuart was a assistant bishop from 2009 until his 2018 election to the diocesan See, during which time he twice administered the diocese.
On 10 May 2018, Stuart consecrated Sonia Roulston and Charlie Murry as assistant bishops for the Inland and the Coast respectively.
References
External links
Diocese of Newcastle website
Churches of the Diocese of Newcastle
Anglican Diocese of Newcastle history
Ralph Taylor may refer to:
Ralph Taylor (ice hockey) (1905–1976), ice hockey player
Ralph Taylor (politician) (1773–1847), merchant and political figure in Lower Canada
Ralph Taylor (archer) (1874–1958), American archer
Ralph Taylor (footballer) (1915–2012), Australian rules footballer
Ralph Taylor (divine) (1647-1722), English non-juroring clergyman
Hemidactylus tamhiniensis, the Tamhini giant rock gecko or basalt giant rock gecko, is a species of gecko. It is endemic to India.
References
Hemidactylus
Reptiles described in 2021
Endemic fauna of India
Reptiles of India
Charlie Barnett (born February 4, 1988) is an American actor who starred as Peter Mills, a firefighter/paramedic on the NBC drama Chicago Fire from 2012 to 2015. Among his many starring roles are Alan Zaveri on the Netflix comedy series Russian Doll, Ben Marshall on the Netflix series Tales of the City, and Gabe Miranda in the Netflix thriller series You.
Early life and education
Barnett and his sister were adopted by Bob and Danee Barnett. His adoptive mother is from Utah and is of Swedish descent, while his adoptive father is a boat builder from Minnesota. He was raised on a sailboat near Longboat Key in Florida until he was seven. He discovered theatre when he was six years old and performed in many operas and musicals with the Sarasota Youth Opera. Barnett is a graduate from Booker High School. He participated in the Carnegie Mellon Musical Theater Summer Program. After high school, Barnett attended the Juilliard School, where he graduated from the drama program class of 2010.
Career
For three seasons, from 2012 to 2015, Barnett starred as Peter Mills in the NBC action-drama television series Chicago Fire.
In 2017, Barnett was cast in the role of Ian Porter on The CW series Valor.
In 2018, Barnett was cast in the leading role of Alan Zaveri on the Netflix series Russian Doll. In the same year, Barnett was cast in the main role of Ben Marshall on the Netflix miniseries, Tales of the City.
In 2019, Barnett was cast in the recurring role of Gabe Miranda on the second season of the Netflix thriller You. In July 2019, Barnett joined Arrow for its eighth and final season, portraying John Diggle, Jr. His role was announced at a Comic-Con panel.
Personal life
Barnett realized he was gay at the age of 13. Barnett has struggled with alcohol addiction. He resides in Los Angeles. Barnett is a graduate of the Juilliard School drama program, class of 2010. He enjoys sailing, playing Ms. Pac-Man, and classic cars. While pursuing his career, Barnett has lived in New York City, Los Angeles, Salt Lake City and Chicago. During filming for Chicago Fire, Barnett lived with co-stars Joe Minoso and Yuri Sardarov. He is a White Sox and Chicago Bears fan.
In April 2022, he announced that he was engaged to set designer Drew Bender.
Awards
Out Magazine's'' Out100 Entertainers of the Year list for 2019
Filmography
Films
Television
References
External links
Official Twitter
1988 births
Living people
Actors from Sarasota, Florida
21st-century American male actors
American male television actors
Place of birth missing (living people)
Male actors from Florida
Juilliard School alumni
American gay actors
21st-century LGBT people
LGBT people from Florida
African-American male actors
LGBT African Americans
Noronen is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Mika Noronen (born 1979), Finnish ice hockey player
Riikka Noronen (born 1982), Finnish ice hockey player
Roope Noronen (born 1974), Finnish sport administrator
Finnish-language surnames
Wing Commander Roland 'Roly' John Falk OBE AFC* (1915 - 1985) was a British test pilot noted for being at the controls on the maiden flight of the British V bomber, the Avro Vulcan. Falk typically flew dressed in pin stripe suit and tie.
Early life
Falk was born in London in 1915, the second son of Diana Gwendoline Edith Cecil (née Stracey) and Oswald Toynbee Falk, and he was educated at Stowe School and the de Havilland Technical School. After gaining his pilot's licence he flew in both the Abyssinian War and the Spanish Civil War for the press. In 1937 he flew a newspaper service from London to Paris and then joined the Air Registration Board as a test pilot.
Wartime service
Falk had been a member of the Reserve of Air Force Officers since 1935 and at the start of the Second World War in 1939 he joined the Royal Air Force, by 1943 he was chief test pilot at the Royal Aircraft Establishment Farnborough. At Farnborough he flew and tested captured German aircraft as well as carrying out operational flights with night fighter squadrons. For his service he was awarded the Air Force Cross twice, described as the Air Force Cross and bar.
Delta-wing testing
At the end of the war in 1946 he joined Vickers-Armstrongs but was injured in an accident in a Vickers Wellington. Falk recovered and went to Avro to test fly the Avro Athena. He soon embarked on one of the most important jobs of his career, test pilot of the Avro 707. The Avro 707 was an experimental delta-winged aircraft to gain experience for the design of the Avro Vulcan bomber, Falk's experience flying the German Messerschmitt Me 163 came in handy in what was seen as advanced and dangerous test flying. After testing the Avro 707 Falk piloted the Vulcan on the first flight on 30 August 1952.
Falk demonstrated the Vulcan on several occasions and designed much of the cockpit layout. During the 1955 Farnborough Airshow he barrel-rolled a Vulcan at the top of the post-take-off climb; although safe, he was rebuked for this manoeuvre by the organisers, but only because performing aerobatics in an aircraft weighing 69 tons and with a 99-foot wingspan was "not the done thing"!
He was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire in 1952.
Later life
Falk retired from Avro in 1958 and became a sales representative for Hawker Siddeley until he set up his own aircraft business in Jersey.
He had married the daughter of former Avro test pilot Sydney Thorn. The couple had two children.
Roly Falk died in Jersey on 23 February 1985, aged 69.
Notes and references
External links
Roly Falk biography
1915 births
1985 deaths
English test pilots
Royal Air Force officers
Royal Air Force personnel of World War II
People educated at Stowe School
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Military personnel from London
Recipients of the Air Force Cross (United Kingdom)
English aviators
The Maicuru Biological Reserve (), is a strictly protected biological reserve in the state of Pará, Brazil.
It covers of Amazon rainforest.
Location
The reserve lies between the Maicuru and Jari rivers on the border between the states of Pará and Amapá.
It includes parts of the basins of the Maicuru, Paru and Jari rivers.
It covers of Amazon biome.
The park is mostly within the municipality of Almeirim (94.49%) with a small part in the municipality of Monte Alegre (5.51%).
It is part of the mosaic of protected areas known as the Calha Norte do rio Amazonas.
It adjoins the Tumucumaque Indigenous Park, Rio Paru d'Este Indigenous Territory, Tumucumaque Mountains National Park and Paru State Forest.
Almost all the reserve is in the Paru-Jari basin formed by the Itapecuru, Ipitinga, Careparu, Paru and Jarí rivers.
The south of the reserve is in the Cuminapanema-Maicuru basin, formed by the Maicurú, Curuá, Mamiá, Cuminapanema and Jauaru rivers.
The total length of water courses in the reserve is about .
The reserve is accessible only by small aeroplane through landing strips in four mining areas in the south-central portion and one in the north-central portion.
History
The reserve was created by state decree 2610 of 4 December 2006 with the objectives of preserving the natural environment and ecosystem, supporting scientific research and supporting environmental education. The conservation unit is fully protected.
As a biological reserve the purpose is to provide full protection without human interference and allow only indirect use of the natural resources. Public access is prohibited except for educational purposes as defined by the management plan, and scientific research requires prior approval by the Pará Secretary of State for the Environment (SEMA/PA).
The reserve is in the Center of Guiana Endemism, which spans parts of Brazil, Venezuela, Guyana, French Guiana and Suriname.
It may be considered a "mega reserve", aiming to protect a complete sample of species with the space needed to perpetuate themselves over the generations.
The Management Plan was prepared by Conservation International with the assistance of the Museu Paraense Emílio Goeldi and the Institute of Man and Environment in the Amazon, and technical analysis from SEMA.
The plan describes the physical, biological and socio-economic aspects of the landscape, and provides a full plan for managing it.
The management plan was published and took effect in 2011.
The management councils of the Maicuru Biological Reserve and the Grão Pará Ecological Station were formed on 6–7 March 2013.
The conservation unit is supported by the Amazon Region Protected Areas Program.
Environment
The reserve has a tropical monsoon climate, with temperature between most of the year, high humidity and high rainfall.
Average annual rainfall is , with a rainy season from December to June.
From July to November monthly rainfall is .
The reserve is almost all covered by dense submontane rainforest (98.24%), with some transition forest (0.96%) and Cerrado (0.04%).
There is no record of human pressure in 98.5% of the reserve, but an area covering 1.5% of the reserve hot spots indicate medium pressure.
The reserve contains various endemic and endangered species of flora and fauna.
88 species of fish have been recorded, 31 amphibians, 34 reptiles, 302 birds including the vulnerable crested eagle (Morphnus guianensis) and 33 mammals including the endangered jaguar (Panthera onca), cougar (Puma concolor) and giant anteater (Myrmecophaga tridactyla).
88 species of ferns have been recorded and 306 of flowering plants.
Notes
Sources
2006 establishments in Brazil
Protected areas of Pará
Biological reserves of Brazil
Protected areas established in 2006
The Cameron Skystar or DP series is a family of hot-air airships designed and built in the United Kingdom by Cameron Balloons for recreational and advertising use. The first DP series airship flew in 1986. In the 1990 World Hot-air airships the DP series won 1st, 2nd and 3rd places.
Design and development
The airship has an aluminium gondola with room for a pilot and a passenger, except the smaller DP-50 which only has room for a pilot. The four variants (DP60, DP70, DP80 and DP90) have envelope sizes from 1700m3 to 2548m3. The DP-50, DP-60 and DP-70 use a 570cc Konig Model SD engine, with a Konig 3-bladed propeller in a shroud as standard. The DP80 and DP90 use a Rotax 582UL piston engine with a three-bladed pusher propeller in a shroud. The Konig can also be used on the larger airships and the Rotax on the DP-60 and DP-70 as an option. Each airship is also fitted with two propane tanks for the buoyancy burners.
Variants
Cameron DP-50
The DP-50 has a 50000 cu ft envelope.
Cameron DP-60
The DP-60 has a 60000 cu ft envelope and is 30.48m (100ft) long.
Cameron DP-70
The DP-70 has a 70000 cu ft envelope and is 32.31m (106ft) long.
Cameron DP-80
The DP-80 has an 80000 cu ft envelope and is 33.838m (111ft) long.
Cameron DP-90
The DP-90 has a 90000 cu ft envelope and is 35.05m (115ft) long.
Specification (DP-90)
References
Notes
Bibliography
Airships
Balloons (aeronautics)
Airships of the United Kingdom
Benthobatis marcida, the blind torpedo, is a species of electric ray most commonly found in the west–central area of the Atlantic Ocean. Like all electric rays, it can produce an electric shock that can be harmful to humans and other fish. It can grow up to long.
References
Narcinidae
Fish of the Caribbean
Fish of Cuba
Fish of the Dominican Republic
Fish of the Eastern United States
Fauna of the Southeastern United States
Least concern biota of North America
Least concern biota of the United States
Fish described in 1909
Most Serbian words are of native Slavic lexical stock, tracing back to the Proto-Slavic language. There are many loanwords from different languages, reflecting cultural interaction throughout history. Notable loanwords were borrowed from Greek, Latin, Italian, Persian, Turkish, Hungarian, Russian, English and German.
Overview
It is estimated that there are 900–1,200 Greek, 88–188 German, and an uncertain high number of Turkish and Persian loanwords in modern Serbian.
The rich number of Ancient Greek words that entered Slavonic-Serbian and later in the modern Serbian language can only speak volumes. It is only to be expected that Serbia located in Illyria of time passed and in the heart of the divide between Western Europe and Asia Minor that Greek loanwords enter into the picture. Ancient Greek words were commonly spoken and written in the territories of the Eastern Roman Empire along with translations of biblical manuscripts when Constantine the Great made the empire a Christian state. All the other minor influences were to be expected when conquerors initiate plans of conquest that turn out to either succeed or fail in time.
History
Proto-Slavic
Ancient Greek words in Proto-Slavic are identified through phonetic features, some related to Greek phonetic history, others possibly Scythian-Sarmatian or Gothic mediations. Ancient Greek, non-mediated words are korablja (ark), koliba (cottage, hut), and supposedly trem (porch); Scythian mediations are luk (onion), haluga (fence), koš (basket), talog (dregs), kurva (whore, slut, skank, hooker); supposedly Gothic mediations are crkva (church) and daska (plank). There exists loanwords in Proto-Slavic from non-Indo-European languages. Among Uralic and Turkic lexemes, estimated to have been adopted between the 3rd and 7th century, surviving into modern Serbian are čaša (cup, mug, glass), knjiga (book), kovčeg (chest), krčag (pitcher), sablja (sabre). Adoptions from Avaric in the 6th–7th centuries are the titles ban and župan, and klobuk (a type of hat). South Slavic was also influenced by Bulgar since their arrival in the eastern Balkans in the 7th century, e.g. beleg (landmark), beočug (shackle), bubreg (kidney), pašenog (co-brother-in-law), tojaga (bludgeon).
Old Serbian
The South Slavic languages were greatly influenced by Greek beginning in the Early Middle Ages, through translation of Byzantine works, leaving religious, philosophical and psychological terms. Late medieval speech had very few loanwords, rather replacing Greek words with calques for linguistical purity. German linguist Vasmer (1944) recorded 1,000 Greek words in Serbian, most of which were addressed in the Old Serbian form. Today, it is estimated that 900–1,200 Grecisms (grecizmi) exist in Serbian, more than 400 being in the church-religious section. In the economical section, apart from Greek, many words in Old Serbian were Romance. In mining, the majority of words were Germanic, arriving with Saxons.
Modern history
The Ottoman conquest began a linguistical contact between Ottoman Turkish and South Slavic; Ottoman Turkish influence grew stronger after the 15th century. Besides Turkish loanwords, also many Arabic (such as alat, "tool", sat, "time, clock") and Persian (čarape, "socks", šećer, "sugar") words entered via Turkish, called "Orientalisms" (orijentalizmi). Also, many Greek words entered via Turkish. Words for hitherto unknown sciences, businesses, industries, technologies and professions were brought by the Ottoman Empire. Christian villagers brought urban vocabulary from their travels to Islamic culture cities. Many Turkish loanwords are no longer considered loanwords.
In the 19th and early 20th century Serbian, unlike the Croatian, version of the Serbo-Croat language continuum was much more open to internationalisms (words from Latin and Classical Greek) used in sciences and arts (cf. Serbian istorija vs. Croatian povijest = history and such).
Contemporary situation
English influence is seen in recent times, with the common suffixes -er and -ing. Examples are kasting, ketering, konsalting, listing, džoging, šoping, etc. Foreign loanwords are becoming more frequent in sports terminology.
Comparison with other Serbo-Croatian variants
The differences between Serbian and Croatian is mainly reflected in loanwords. Bosnian has the most Ottoman Turkish loanwords of all Serbo-Croatian variants.
Purism
Serbo-Croatian vocabulary is of mixed origin, with words borrowed from Greek, Latin, Italian, Turkish, Hungarian, and more recently Russian, Czech and German. Most loanwords have entered Serbian without resistance, while on the other hand in Croatian, linguistic purism was adopted as a policy during Austria-Hungary (against presumed Germanization) and later in Yugoslavia (against presumed Serbian domination). In Croatia, the term "Serbisms" is used for characteristically Serbian words, unwanted during World War II and the Yugoslav wars, many of which have been replaced by neologisms.
Examples
alas, "river fisherman", from Hungarian halász
alat, "tools", from Arabic آلة
ašov, "shovel, spade", from Hungarian ásó
avlija, "yard", from Greek
badem, "almond", from Persian bādām
baksuz, "bad luck", from Turkish
bakšiš, "tip", from Turkish
barut, "gunpowder", from Turkish
biber, "pepper", from Greek
bitanga, "bastard, rascal, rogue, scum", from Hungarian bitang
brak, "marriage", from Russian
bubreg, "kidney", from Turkish böbrek
budala, "fool", from Turkish
bunar, "water well", from Turkish
bunda, "fur coat", from Hungarian
burazer, "bro", from Turkish
burma, "wedding ring", from Turkish
bre, interjection, from Turkish or Greek
čaj, "tea", from Persian or Turkish çay
čak, "even" , "albeit", from Turkish
čamac, "small boat", from Turkish
ćao, greeting, from Italian ciao
časopis, "magazine", from Czech
čarapa, "socks", from Arabic جوراب
čaršav, "sheet", from Persian chādorshab
ćelav, "bald", from Turkish kel
ćevapi, a grilled meat dish similar to sausages, from Turkish kebab
čelik, "steel", from Turkish çelik
cipele, "shoes", from Hungarian cipellő
čizme, "boots", from Turkish çizme
čoban, "shepherd", from Turkish çoban
ćorav, "blind, near sighted", from Turkish kör
čorba, "soup", from Turkish çorba
crkva, "church", from Greek kyriakón
čudovište, "monster", from Russian
ćufta, "meatball", from Persian kufteh
ćuprija, "bridge", from Greek géfyra köpru
cvekla, "beet", from Greek
daska, "plank", from Greek
drum, "road", from Greek drómos
đak, "student, pupil", from Greek diákos
đakon, "deacon", from Greek diákonos
đubre, "garbage, trash, rubbish", from Greek kópros
dugme, "button", from Turkish
dušek, "mattress", from Turkish
duvan, "tobacco", from Persian dokhān
džep, "pocket", from Arabic جَيْب
džigerica, "liver", from Persian jegar
episkop, "bishop", from Greek épískopos
guma, "rubber", from Greek kómmi
hartija, "paper", from Greek chartí
hiljada, "a thousand", from Greek khiliás
jeftin, "inexpensive, cheap", from Greek
jok, "no", from Ottoman Turkish yok
kada, "bathtub", from Greek kádos
kamata, "interest", from Greek kámatos
karanfil, "carnation", from Greek
kasarna, "barracks", from French caserne
kesa, "bag, sack", from Persian kiseh
kesten, "chestnut", from Greek kástana
klisura, "gorge", from Greek kleisoúra
kobila, "mare, female horse", from unknown, cf. Latin caballus horsekoliba, "cottage", from Greekkočija, "carriage, chariot", from Hungarian kocsi koljivo, "wheat", from Greekkomad, "piece, parcel", from Greek kommátionkorablja, "ark", from Greekkoš, "basket", from Greekkravata, "necktie", from French cravatekrevet, "bed", from Greek kreváti kruna, "crown", from Latin coronakum, "godfather", from Latin comparekutija, "box", from Greek koutílapsus, "lapse, mistake in a speech", from Latinličnost, "individual, personality", from Russianlivada, "meadow, field of flowers", from Greek livádilopov, "thief", from Hungarian lopóluk, "onion", from Ancient Greekmajmun, "monkey", from Arabicمايمون majstor, "master, repairman", from German meistermiris, "smell, aroma, odour", from Greek mýronnafta, "petroleum", from Greek náphthanagrada, "reward, prize", from Russiannana, "mint", from Persian na'nā narandža, "orange", from Persian nāranj pantalone, "trousers, pants", from Italianpapuče, "slippers", from Persian pāpush pasoš, "passport", from Hungarian passzus patos, "floor", from Greek pátospeškir, "towel", from Turkishpiljan, "godson", from Latin filianus pita, "pie", from Greek pítapodrum, "basement", from Turkishpop, "priest", from Greek papásputir, "chalice", from Greek potḗrrovit, "weak, liquid, fluid", from Greekrajsferšlus, "zipper", from Germansanduk, "chest", from Arabic صندوق šator, "tent", from Persian chādor šećer, "sugar", from Persian shekar šnajder, "tailor", from Germanšnicla, "steak", from Germanšrafciger, "screwdriver", from Germanštrudla, "strudel" (a type of pie), from Germansidro, "anchor", from Greek sídirossimpatičan, "nice", from Italian simpaticosirće, "vinegar", from Persian serkeh šnajper, "marksman shooter", from English (US) snipersoba, "room", from Hungarian szobasomun, "bread, loaf, bun", from Greek stanovništvo, "population", from Czechsunđer, "sponge", from Greek talas, "wind or sea wave", from Greek thálassatiganj, "pan, skillet", from Greek tigánitop, "cannon" from Turkishtrpeza, "dining table", from Greek usled, "due to", from Russianvaroš, "town, borough", from Hungarian város''
References
Sources
Further reading
Serbian language
Serbian words and phrases
History of the Serbo-Croatian language
Serbian
Ardisia oligantha is a name which has been given to several species of plants:
Ardisia oligantha , described in 1885, now known as Oncostemum oliganthum
Ardisia oligantha , described in 1902, an illegitimate later homonym
Ardisia oligantha , described in 1912, an illegitimate later homonym replaced by Ardisia oligocarpa
Ardisia oligantha , combined in 1979, an illegitimate later homonym replaced by Ardisia marcellanum
oligantha
Stockton Methodist Church is a historic church on the east side of Hwy. 59 in Stockton, Alabama. It was built in 1929 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
References
Methodist churches in Alabama
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
National Register of Historic Places in Baldwin County, Alabama
Neoclassical architecture in Alabama
Churches completed in 1929
Churches in Baldwin County, Alabama
Neoclassical church buildings in the United States
The Sweet Inspirations were an American R&B girl group mostly known for their work as backup singers on studio recordings for other R&B and rock artists. A founding member of the group was Dionne Warwick, who was later replaced by her aunt, Cissy Houston.
History
The Sweet Inspirations was founded by former members of The Drinkard Singers, a long-running Gospel singing group whose membership included Cissy Houston (née Drinkard, and mother of Whitney Houston, b. 1963) and Lee Warwick, who was Cissy's sister and the mother of Sweet Inspirations members Dee Dee and Dionne Warwick).
As a backup group, the Sweet Inspirations was in high demand among producers, publishers, artists, and songwriters in the early 1960s. The original lineup included Doris Troy and the two Warwick sisters Dionne & Dee Dee. Both Troy and Dionne Warwick enjoyed solo careers with hits in 1963, "Just One Look" and "Don't Make Me Over" respectively, on which the Sweet Inspirations can be heard. At that time, Sylvia Shemwell (sister of Judy Clay) replaced Troy, while Cissy Houston took over from Dionne, with Dee Dee Warwick as the group's official leader. The group sang backup for many stars, including Solomon Burke, Aretha Franklin, Wilson Pickett, and Esther Phillips. Dee Dee left in 1965, when her solo career began to take off. She was replaced by Myrna Smith. Estelle Brown joined the team soon after, and the line-up that was to become an Atlantic recording group was set.
In a recording session on March 28, 1967, the Sweet Inspirations provided the backup vocals for Van Morrison on his classic hit "Brown Eyed Girl". It was released in June 1967 and rose to No. 10 on the Billboard Hot 100 charts. In October 2007, Morrison was awarded a Million-Air certificate by BMI for 8 million air plays of "Brown Eyed Girl".
The Sweet Inspirations recorded by themselves for the first time in April 1967 for Atlantic Records. That session produced the first two singles released by the Atlantic, a version of "Why (Am I Treated So Bad)," a song previously recorded by The Staple Singers and a soulful version of "Let It Be Me", a French song which had been a pop and R&B hit for Betty Everett & Jerry Butler in 1964. Though their first singles lacked much chart success, Atlantic was committed to the group, and an August session in Memphis yielded the bulk of songs used for the group's self-titled debut album, released in the late fall of 1967.
Within a month of their chart climb, the group began work on their second album – a gospel record entitled Songs Of Faith & Inspiration. It was released in 1968 under the name "Cissy Drinkard & The Sweet Inspirations."
On March 30, 1968, the group scored their first and only top forty hit on the Billboard Top 40 Pop Chart with the song "Sweet Inspiration" on Atlantic Records. The record was on the chart for ten weeks and peaked at number 18. The group at this point was composed of Houston, Brown, Shemwell, and Smith.
In 1967, the group did back vocals for the Jimi Hendrix single "Burning of the Midnight Lamp" which was later featured on the album Electric Ladyland in 1968. They also backed Dusty Springfield on her album Dusty in Memphis.
Shortly after cutting the gospel set, the Sweet Inspirations were back in Atlantic's studios to record their third album, What the World Needs Now is Love, recorded in February 1968 in Muscle Shoals, Alabama with the Muscle Shoals Rhythm Section. The late April session produced a version of The Bee Gees' "To Love Somebody", which became the group's fourth R&B chart hit, and a version of The Righteous Brothers' "Unchained Melody," which gave the group a charted, though minor hit.
In 1969, the group recorded their fourth album, Sweets for my Sweet. The Sweet Inspirations also began recording and touring with Elvis Presley as both background singers and his warm-up act, as well as doing occasional live dates with Aretha Franklin. The association with Presley became well-publicized as he routinely introduced the Sweet Inspirations (along with the TCB Band members, the J. D. Sumner & Stamps Quartet, and Kathy Westmoreland) on his telecast concerts and live recordings.
Houston's last recording session with The Sweet Inspirations was in October 1969, since she wanted to pursue a solo career and concentrate on her family. The session produced the group's biggest R&B hit in some time. A Gamble & Huff composition, "Gotta Find Me A Brand New Lover" appeared on the group's fifth album Sweet Sweet Soul.
The remainder of the album was recorded in November 1970, with Shemwell, Brown, Smith, and new member Ann Williams, a friend of Brown's who stayed for what turned out to be the group's last full Atlantic album. Also included from that set are "That's The Way My Baby Is", and "Flash In The Pan". Moss disappeared during a tour with Elvis Presley and did not return to the group. A final Atlantic session in June 1970 brought the group (now a trio with Brown, Smith, and Shemwell) its last two singles for the label; "This World" (from the musical The Nobody Knows), and "Evidence".
In 1973, Brown, Smith, and Shemwell recorded an album for Stax Records. By 1979, Estelle Brown had quit the group and was replaced by Gloria Brown, who toured with them but did not sing on the Sweet Inspirations' last LP, Hot Butterfly, on RSO Records, with singer Pat Terry featured on the actual recording. They group broke up shortly thereafter. In 1978, the group sang backing vocals on Frankie Valli's No.1 hit "Grease" from the film of the same name. In 1979, the group toured with The Bee Gees during their U.S. Spirits Having Flown Tour singing backup.
The Sweet Inspirations (Estelle Brown, Smith, and Shemwell) got back together again in 1994, with new member Portia Griffin. They performed at Elvis Presley tribute shows, and released new material in 2005. Shemwell suffered a stroke in 2001 that has kept her from performing with the group. They also recorded choir backing for The Killers' 2004 recording, Hot Fuss, on songs "Andy, You're a Star" and "All These Things That I've Done". Shemwell died on February 13, 2010.
In March 2010, while on a European tour for Elvis: The Concert, Smith developed pneumonia. Once back in the U.S., her condition continued to deteriorate, as she suffered kidney failure, further complicated by a severe stroke. By October 2010, she was a patient at the Canyon Oaks Nursing & Rehabilitation Center in Canoga Park, California. She died on December 24, 2010.
Smith was replaced with Los Angeles-based singer Kelly Jones; , the Sweet Inspirations are continuing to perform backup vocals with Elvis: The Concert and continue to do many concerts worldwide with Elvis Presley Enterprises' first ever "Ultimate Elvis Tribute Artist", Shawn Klush, sometimes as a duo and other times as a trio.
Members
Dionne Warwick – soprano (1960–1963)
Dee Dee Warwick – mezzo-soprano (1960–1965)
Doris Troy – contralto (1960–1963; died 2004)
Cissy Houston – soprano/1st soprano (1963–1969)
Sylvia Shemwell – mezzo-soprano/2nd soprano (1966?–1979, 1994–2001; died 2010)
Estelle Brown – contralto/2nd alto (1965–1979, 1994—present)
Myrna Smith – contralto/1st alto (1965–1979, 1994–2010; died 2010)
Ann Williams – soprano/1st soprano (1969–1970)
Gloria Brown – contralto (1979)
Portia Griffin – soprano (1994–present)
Kelly Jones – mezzo-soprano (2010–present)
Discography
Albums
1967: The Sweet Inspirations (Atlantic)
1968: Songs of Faith & Inspiration (Atlantic)
1968: What the World Needs Now is Love (Atlantic)
1969: Sweets for My Sweet (Atlantic)
1970: Sweet Sweet Soul (Atlantic)
1973: Estelle, Myrna and Sylvia (Stax)
1974; Wanted Dead or Alive(Columbia)
1979: Hot Butterfly (RSO)
2005: In the Right Place (Frixion)
With Yusef Lateef
1968: The Blue Yusef Lateef (Atlantic)
1970: Suite 16 (Atlantic)
1970: The Diverse Yusef Lateef (Atlantic)
1971: The Gentle Giant (Atlantic)
Backing vocals
1967: Blowin' Your Mind!; Van Morrison
1967: Aretha Arrives; Aretha Franklin
1968: Lady Soul; Aretha Franklin
1968: Aretha Now; Aretha Franklin
1968: Electric Ladyland; The Jimi Hendrix Experience
1968: Goodies; George Benson
1969: Hey Jude; Wilson Pickett
1969: Elvis in Person at the International Hotel; Elvis Presley
1969: Dusty in Memphis; Dusty Springfield
1969: Do Your Own Thing; Brook Benton
1970: Turning Around; Dee Dee Warwick
1970: This Girl's in Love with You; Aretha Franklin
1970: That's the Way It Is; Elvis Presley
1970: Spirit in the Dark; Aretha Franklin
1970: Just a Little Lovin'''; Carmen McRae
1971: Warm and Tender; Petula Clark
1971: Search and Nearness; The Rascals
1971: Thirds; James Gang
1972: As Recorded at Madison Square Garden; Elvis Presley
1972: Young, Gifted and Black Aretha Franklin
1973: Aloha From Hawaii: Via Satellite; Elvis Presley
1973: The Weapon; David Newman
1974: T.B. Sheets; Van Morrison
1974: Elvis Recorded Live on Stage in Memphis; Elvis Presley
1977: Elvis in Concert; Elvis Presley
1979: Reddy; Helen Reddy
1998: Undiscovered Soul; Richie Sambora
2004: Hot Fuss; The Killers
2006: Elvis Lives: The 25th Anniversary Concert'' (DVD)
Charts
Albums
U.S. chart singles
References
External links
Sweet Inspirations Bio Page
Exclusive Interview with Myrna Smith
Interview with Myrna Smith
Myrna Smith Interview at Elvis2001.net
American gospel musical groups
American soul musical groups
American Christian musical groups
RSO Records artists
African-American girl groups
Stax Records artists
Musical groups established in the 1950s
Elvis Presley
Caulanthus hallii is a species of flowering plant in the family Brassicaceae known by the common name Hall's wild cabbage.
Distribution
It is native to southern California and northern Baja California.
It grows in the Colorado Desert (western Sonoran Desert), Mojave Desert sky islands, and the dry eastern Peninsular Ranges slopes.
Description
Caulanthus hallii is an annual herb producing a hollow stem fringed at the base with long, deeply cut leaves which are hairless or sometimes bristly.
The greenish yellow flower has a coat of hairy sepals over narrow, pale petals. The fruit is a silique up to about 11 centimeters long.
References
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment of Caulanthus hallii
USDA Plants Profile for Caulanthus hallii
Caulanthus hallii — U.C. Photo gallery
hallii
Flora of California
Flora of Baja California
Flora of the California desert regions
Flora of the Sonoran Deserts
Natural history of the Mojave Desert
Natural history of the Peninsular Ranges
Plants described in 1923
12th Nova Scotia general election may refer to:
Nova Scotia general election, 1820, the 12th general election to take place in the Colony of Nova Scotia, for the 12th General Assembly of Nova Scotia
1911 Nova Scotia general election, the 34th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the (due to a counting error in 1859) 35th Legislative Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 12th general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia
"The Dog and the Sparrow" (German: Der Hund und der Sperling) is a German fairy tale collected by the Brothers Grimm (KHM 58). It is a story of Aarne-Thompson type 248 ("The Man, the Dog, and the Bird").
Origin
According to the Grimms, the story was "told with variations in Zwehrn, Hesse and Göttingen."
Synopsis
A dog owner lets his shepherd dog starve from hunger, causing it to leave home. The dog meets a sparrow and accompanies it to the city. The bird captures meat and bread for the dog as a sign of gratitude. When they leave town, night falls, and they decide to go to sleep. During the night, a man in a horse carriage approaches the dog and sparrow. The sparrow alerts the man that he is going to run over the dog who is in the road, but he ignores the sparrow and runs over the dog nevertheless. The sparrow curses the man, announcing that he will turn into a poor man. It pecks the wine barrels the man was transporting open, so that the precious wine leaks out. The bird also pecks out the horses' eyes. When the man tries to kill the bird with an axe, he accidentally slays his own horses down. As a result, the man is forced to leave his now useless carriage behind and returns home.
At home he notices that birds have eaten all his wheat. He notices the sparrow, still out on revenge, and throws his axe at him, only to smash his own windows, his stove and the rest of his household. Finally he manages to capture the bird, and his wife asks him whether he is going to strike it dead. The man feels this death is not cruel enough for the bird. He swallows it in one big bite. However, the bird still sticks its head out of the man's mouth, prompting him to let his wife take a final swing with his axe at the bird. This kills the man and the bird flies off.
References
External links
Grimms' Fairy Tales
Literary duos
Fictional dogs
Anthropomorphic dogs
Fictional passerine birds
Mariticide in fiction
ATU 220-249
Aktogay District may also refer to:
Aktogay District, Pavlodar Province, a district of Pavlodar Province in Kazakhstan
Aktogay District, Karagandy Province, a district of Karagandy Province in Kazakhstan
District name disambiguation pages
The Winship-Smernes Building, at 948 Main St. in Napa, California, was built in 1888. It was designed by Napa architect Luther Turton in Italianate style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
It has also been known as the Hennessey Building.
The National Register nomination document from 1977 should be available online, but in 2019 only the accompanying photo is found.
References
National Register of Historic Places in Napa County, California
Italianate architecture in California
Buildings and structures completed in 1888
Crag Gill is a Site of Special Scientific Interest in the Teesdale district in south-west County Durham, England. It lies about 3 km east of the village of Eggleston, just off the B6282 road, which separates it from the Bollihope, Pikestone, Eggleston and Woodland Fells SSSI to the north.
Crag Gill consists of an exposure of late Namurian limestones, sandstones and shales that form a Yoredale-type sequence. The exposure is the type locality of the Whitestone limestone, a marker horizon for Namurian stratigraphy.
References
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in County Durham
Escarpments of England
The Great Otis Redding Sings Soul Ballads, simply referred to as Soul Ballads or Sings Soul Ballads, is the second studio album by American soul singer-songwriter Otis Redding, released in 1965. The album was one of the first issued by Volt Records, a sub-label of Stax Records, and Redding's first on the new label. Like Redding's debut Pain in My Heart (1964), Soul Ballads features both soul classics and originals written by Redding and other Stax Records recording artists. The recording sessions took place at the Stax studios in Memphis. The album features a stereo mix made by engineer Tom Dowd, replacing the early mono mix.
The album features the Booker T. & the M.G.'s, the horn section Memphis Horns and the pianist Isaac Hayes, who possibly first appeared on this album, although this is disputed, as he was not credited on the liner notes. Unlike Redding's debut album, Sings Soul Ballads was released both on Atlantic's subsidiary Atco Records and Stax's Volt Records. While the album and its singles were moderately successful on the music charts, it includes Redding's first top-10 single, "Mr. Pitiful". The album received mixed critical reception.
Recording
The recording session took place at the Stax studios in Memphis. Guitarist Steve Cropper and Stax producer Jim Stewart both agreed with engineer Tom Dowd's decision to install a two-track recorder during the recording of "Mr. Pitiful". The stereo four-input Ampex mixer is used throughout the album, which means that the instrumentation is either in one channel or the other, but the vocals and echo are in only one channel. This is different for mono recordings, where only one channel is used. Sings Soul Ballads features Booker T. & the M.G.'s organist Booker T. Jones, pianist/guitarist Steve Cropper, bassist Donald "Duck" Dunn, drummer Al Jackson, Jr., and the Memphis Horns, consisting of trumpeter Wayne Jackson, tenor saxophonist Charles "Packy" Axton and baritone saxophonist Floyd Newman. The album contains 12 songs, the majority of which are, as the album's name implies, soul ballads.
The album opens with "That's How Strong My Love Is". Written by Roosevelt Jamison and altered by Cropper, the song was first performed by O. V. Wright on Goldwax Records, where it was cut by both Jamison and Wright. Redding's version was released days after the original. The Rolling Stones covered the song shortly afterwards and included it on their album Out of Our Heads (released in July 1965). Isaac Hayes made his debut as a pianist with Otis Redding, possibly on songs "Come to Me" or "Security". It is unclear because prior to 1966, the Memphis Musicians Union kept little or no sessions documentation; Fantasy Records, who bought Stax in 1977, has none at all prior to 1966. That Hayes debuted in 1964 with Redding is known; which song remains in question. "Come to Me", Redding's fourth Volt single, was written by Redding and Phil Walden and became the second song after the Volt session not to feature a horn section. The song is a typical 6/8 ballad and features piano triplets, including an organ. The single peaked at number 69 on Billboards Hot 100 chart.
"Mr. Pitiful" was recorded in December 1964 at the Stax studios. The song was written by both guitarist Steve Cropper and Redding, and was their first collaboration. It was inspired by and written as a response to a statement made by radio disc jockey Moohah Williams, who had nicknamed Redding "Mr. Pitiful" for sounding pitiful when singing ballads. Cropper heard about this and, while taking a shower, got the idea it would make a good song. In the car on the way to the studio, Cropper proposed the idea with a melody already in mind, humming it to Redding. By the time they reached the studio, the song was written and they recorded it in two or three takes. It was released as a single with the B-side "That's How Strong My Love Is". The song became a hit and the album's most successful track, peaking at number 10 on the Billboard R&B and at number 41 on Billboard Hot 100 chart.
Release
Sings Soul Ballads was released in March 1965, with four of the songs from the album chosen to be released as singles. Unlike Redding's first studio album, Pain in My Heart, the album was released both on Atlantic's subsidiary Atco Records and Stax's Volt Records. A remastered CD and CS version was released by Atco on the Elektra label in 1991. On March 8, 2002, 4 Men With Beards released a vinyl version. Rhino/Atlantic issued a digital download release in the MP3 format on July 29, 2008.
Reception
Sings Soul Ballads received mixed critical reception. Lindsay Planer from Allmusic gave a mixed review of the album. While she liked "That's How Strong My Love Is", Chuck Willis' "It's Too Late", "For Your Precious Love" (previously a hit by The Impressions), Sam Cooke's "Nothing Can Change This Love", and Cropper's/Redding's "Mr. Pitiful", she was less enthusiastic about "Chained and Bound", "I Want to Thank You" and "A Woman, a Lover, a Friend", which mimic aspects of Cooke's sound. The second was compared with "Another Saturday Night", the latter with "Everybody Loves to Cha Cha Cha". She gave the album three of five stars. The Rolling Stone Album Guide, on the other hand, gave the album five stars.
Track listing
Personnel
Credits are taken from The Great Otis Redding Sings Soul Balladss liner notes.
Musicians
Otis Redding – vocals
Booker T. Jones – keyboards, organ, piano
Steve Cropper – guitar, keyboards, piano
Johnny Jenkins – guitar
Donald Dunn – bass guitar
Al Jackson Jr. – drums
Wayne Jackson, Sammy Coleman – trumpet
Packy Axton – tenor saxophone
Floyd Newman – baritone saxophone
Production
Paul Ackerman – liner notes
Yves Beauvais – reissue producer
Loring Eutemey – artwork
Dan Hersch – remastering
Bill Inglot – remastering
Jim Stewart – production
Charts
Album
Singles
References
Citations
Bibliography
1965 albums
Otis Redding albums
Stax Records albums
Atco Records albums
Albums produced by Booker T. Jones
Albums produced by Jim Stewart (record producer)
Albums produced by Lewie Steinberg
Albums produced by Steve Cropper
Albums produced by Al Jackson Jr.
The 1929 California Golden Bears football team was an American football team that represented the University of California, Berkeley in the Pacific Coast Conference (PCC) during the 1929 college football season. In their fourth year under head coach Nibs Price, the team compiled a 7–1–1 record (4–1 against PCC opponents), finished in a tie for third place in the PCC, and outscored its opponents by a combined total of 155 to 78.
Schedule
References
California
California Golden Bears football seasons
California Golden Bears football
Pueblo County School District 70 (D70) is a school district headquartered in unincorporated Pueblo County, Colorado, near Pueblo.
Schools
High schools:
Pueblo County High School (Vineland, in an unincorporated area)
Pueblo West High School (Pueblo West, in an unincorporated area)
Rye High School (unincorporated area, near Rye)
K-8 schools:
Beulah School of Natural Sciences (Beulah)
Middle schools:
Craver Middle School (Colorado City)
Pleasant View Middle School
Liberty Point International School (formerly Pueblo West Middle School) (Pueblo West)
Skyview Middle School (Pueblo West)
Vineland Middle School (Vineland)
Elementary schools:
Avondale Elementary School
Cedar Ridge Elementary School
Desert Sage Elementary School
Liberty Point Elementary School
North Mesa Elementary School
Prairie Winds Elementary School
Rye Elementary School
South Mesa Elementary School
Sierra Vista Elementary School
Vineland Elementary School
References
External links
School districts in Colorado
Education in Pueblo County, Colorado
Todd Glacier () is a glacier 7 nautical miles (13 km) long flowing southwest into Calmette Bay, western Graham Land. Photographed from the air by Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition (RARE), 1947. Surveyed by British Antarctic Survey (BAS), 1961–62. Named by United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) for Gertrude E. Todd, BAS Scientific Officer and Editor, employed in the London Office, 1950–63.
Glaciers of Fallières Coast
Derek George Aslett (born 12 February 1958) is an English former professional cricketer. He played for Kent County Cricket Club between 1981 and 1987, making more than 200 appearances for the county in first-class and limited overs cricket.
A right-handed batsman, Aslett scored over 8,000 senior runs for Kent and made 14 centuries for the side. His highest score of 221 not out was made in 1984 against the Sri Lanka national cricket team. He retired from the professional game aged 29 after being released by Kent and moved to Australia.
Early life
Aslett was born at Dover in Kent in 1958. His father, George, had played cricket for Dover Wanderers after World War II, and Aslett was educated at Dover Grammar School for Boys in the town and at the University of Leicester. He played club cricket for Dover Cricket Club and, after making his Second XI debut for Kent in 1976, was awarded his Second XI cap in 1981, the season in which he made his senior debut for the side.
Professional career
A last-minute replacement, Aslett made his first-class debut at the end of August 1981 against Hampshire at Bournemouth. He was aged 23―The History of Kent County Cricket Club says he "finally got his chance"―and scored 148 runs not out "in fine style" in his first innings, setting a Kent record for runs scored on debut for the county; in Kent's second inning he made 20 not out, a match aggregate of 168 runs without being out. He made his List A debut on 30 August in a 1981 John Player League fixture against Middlesex at Canterbury.
After playing one more match in 1981, Aslett became a more established member of the Kent side during the 1982 season, playing in 16 first-class and eight one-day matches. By the following season he was a key member of the team and scored almost 1,500 runs in both 1983 and 1984, being awarded his county cap in 1983. His eight centuries during the two seasons included scores of 168 and 119 in one match against Derbyshire in 1983, and 221 not out, his highest first-class score, made against the touring Sri Lankans at Canterbury in 1984. He scored a total of 12 first-class and two one-day centuries for Kent during his career.
Aslett lost his place in the Kent side to Neil Taylor in 1985, although he still played in 13 first-class matches during the season and 17 in the next. His batting average fell and, with Kent needing to reduce their playing staff due to financial pressures, he was released by the county at the end of the 1987 season, despite playing in 25 first-class matches and scoring 969 runs during the year. His inconsistent form compared to that of Simon Hinks, meant captain Chris Cowdrey felt it had to be Aslett who was released, a decision Cowdrey regards as his "one big disappointment" as captain. Aged 29, Aslett chose to retire from the county game; team-mate Chris Penn, whom Aslett regularly travelled to games with, considers that he was "increasingly weighed down by technical thoughts" and that this was a factor in his retirement.
Primarily a batsman, Aslett made over 200 senior appearances for Kent. He scored 6,128 runs in his 119 first-class matches and 2,161 in 95 one-day games. The History of Kent Cricket described him as an "unorthodox right-hander, particularly strong on the offside and reliant on variations of the square cut", a description Aslett has rejected as being too negative an appraisal of his abilities. He took 17 first-class wickets with his occasional leg spin deliveries, seven of them during his second season in 1982. He was on the losing side in two one-day finals, the 1983 and 1984 NatWest Trophy finals.
Retirement
Following his retirement, Aslett emigrated to Perth in Western Australia in 1988. He had played Western Australian Grade Cricket in the city during his career and his wife is Australian, and Aslett continued to be involved in the game in the city. He was credited as a mentor by Luke Pomersbach, a Western Australian player who made one appearance for the Australia national cricket team in 2007.
His wife's family had owned an antique furniture business since 1890, and Aslett set up an antiques business in Perth in 1993. His son, Liam, who was born in Perth, played club cricket in England between 2004 and 2008 and made one appearance for Nottinghamshire Second XI in 2006.
Notes
References
Bibliography
Ellis C, Pennell M (2010) Trophies and Tribulations: Forty Years of Kent Cricket. London: Greenwich Publishing.
Moore D (1988) The History of Kent County Cricket Club. London: Christopher Helm.
1958 births
Living people
English cricketers
Kent cricketers
People from Dover, Kent
Sportspeople from Dover, Kent
David Liberman (2 October 1920, Buenos Aires–30 October 1983, Buenos Aires) was a relevant Argentinian psychiatrist and psychoanalyst.
Biography
David Liberman was born in 1920 in Argentina. His family was constituted by musicians. He played the piano in the Jazz orchestra of his father, Sam Liberman. The experience in the jazz band could have had influenced in the development of his proposal since the jazz characteristics linked to the elaboration of it, where in an orchestra everyone might have a common base, moments of individual and collective interpretation are given, even complementary improvisations to the general artwork. There is a musician that indicates and leads but the group is the one who creates. Then he studied medicine and psychoanalysis. He was a disciple of Enrique Pichon-Rivière and developed his methods.
Scientific background
His work for the doctoral thesis was the beginning of a long journey of investigation that establish the basis of a new concept of psychoanalysis in which the patient is approached from every possible aspects, it means, in its totality. To achieve this he proposed to apply the method of Leopold von Ranke to the psychoanalytical analysis.
For him the method of analysis has to be divided in different parts: external criticism, internal criticism, synthesis and histography of the disorder. The theory that constitutes the basis of this is the communication theory and the disorder is understood as a disruption of the learning and communication process, producing a deficit of adaptation to reality.
Amongst all his works, the most original has been his book in three volumes: “Lingüística, interacción comunicativa y proceso psicoanalítico”. The author has been influenced by so diverse authors such as Roman Jakobson, Jurgen Ruesch, Gregory Bateson and Melanie Klein, which he gathered in his attempt to categorize the stylistic predominances in the verbal and non-verbal manifestations in the different types of patients.
The styles approach
The proposal that Liberman does is to investigate the processes from a semiotic and linguistic perspective. He proposed to consider psychoanalysis as an empirical science, and sustained that it exist two possible researches: during session, in the patient, and out of it, in the patient, the therapist or the bond between them. He added that it is convenient to think each patient not as a separate unit but in connection with the therapist.
He postulated also that the empirical basis of the psychoanalytic research is the exchanges between the patient and therapist, each of them with a combinatory of expressive styles, which cover the verbal and non-verbal terrain. Amongst the styles of the therapist and the patient it could be given complementarities that improve the clinic work or missed encounters that disturb it.
He described each patient as a combinatory of styles, with one of them dominant. Thus, he sustained that in the obsessive patient it predominates a narrative style, in the patient with anxiety hysteria, the dramatic with suspense style, in the patient with conversion hysteria, the dramatic with aesthetic impact style, in the transgressor patient, the epic style, in the depressive patient, the lyrical style and in the schizoid patient, the reflexive style. In each case it is possible to observe variations that accentuate or attenuate the stylistic pathological features. He presented also accurate descriptions of the main features of each style.
Inspired in Freud's, Abraham's and M. Klein's ideas, he sustained also that each style is an expression of certain drive fixation: primary oral in the reflexive style, secondary sadistic oral in the lyrical style, primary sadistic anal in the epic style, secondarysadistic anal in the narrative style, urethral phallic in the dramatic and suspense style, and genital phallic in the dramatic with aesthetic impact style.
He also wrote books in collaboration where he continued the same theoretical and clinical orientation. The first of them, with David Maldavsky, was dedicated to the analysis of the Ego Ideal and the value systems. Others were destined to the child analysis or the failures of the symbolic capacity in psychosomatic perturbations. In the honour to his mentor, David Maldavsky designated as David Liberman algorithm the research method he created, useful for the study of wishes and defenses in the verbal and non-verbal manifestations, either in clinic or in social terrain.
His work
Semiología psicosomática (1947),
La comunicación en terapéutica psicoanalista (1963)
Lingüística, interacción comunicativa y proceso psicoanalítico (1971).
Psicoanálisis y semiótica; D. Liberman and D. Maldavsky. (1975)
Semiótica y psicoanálisis de niños (1984), D. Liberman; R. F. B. de Podetti; I. Miravent and M. Waserman.
Del cuerpo al símbolo: sobreadaptación y enfermedad psicosomática (1986) D. Liberman; E. Grassano de Piccolo; S. Neborak de Dimant; L. Pistiner de Cortiñas; P. Roitman de Woscoboinik.
Further reading
Silvia Neborak, “Introduction to the life and work of David Liberman (1910—1983)”, p. 143—146, in Nydia Lisman-Pieczanski, Alberto Pieczanski, The Pioneers of Psychoanalysis in South America: An essential guide, The Institute of Psychoanalysis/Routledge, 2015 .
Gilda Sabsay Foks, “Liberman, David”, p. 928—929, in Alain de Mijolla (ed.), Dictionnaire international de la psychanalyse 2. M-Z, Calmann-Lévy, 2002
External links
Tartamudeo, Notas acerca de un síntoma a investigar por Elsa Hebe Garzoli
El algoritmo de David Liberman por David Maldavsky
Psychoanalysis
Argentine Jews
Argentine psychoanalysts
Jewish psychoanalysts
1920 births
1983 deaths
Raggatt Mountains () is a group of peaks westward from the Scott Mountains, lying east of Rayner Glacier and north of Thyer Glacier. Delineated by ANARE (Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions) from air photos taken by RAAF Antarctic Flight of 1956. Named by Antarctic Names Committee of Australia (ANCA) for Dr. H.G. Raggatt, Secretary of the Australian Dept. of National Development.
Features
Geographical features include:
Dick Peaks
Geoffrey Hills
Mount Bergin
Mount Dyke
Mount Humble
Mount Maslen
Mount Merrick
Thyer Glacier
Mountain ranges of Enderby Land
Seiran Khatlamadjian ( or Սէյրան Խաթլամաճեան; April 20, 1937 - September 14, 1994) was a prominent Armenian painter, graphic artist, and public figure. He is considered as one of the founding fathers of the Armenian abstract art movement.
Life
Seiran Khatlamadjian born April 20, 1937 in the village of Chaltyr near Rostov-on-Don. His parents were dispossessed landowners. Since childhood, Seiran was fascinated by drawing and at the age of 14 starts his study at children's art school in Rostov-on-Don. In 1953 he entered Mitrofan Grekov School of Art in Rostov-on-Don and graduated from the School in 1959 with honors. Then Seiran Khatlamadjian moved to Yerevan, Armenia and enrolled in 1959 in Yerevan Fine Arts and Theater Institute, graduated from it in 1964. Seiran Khatamaladjian's years of his student life in the capital of Armenia were marked by his active involvement in social and cultural issues.
Works
Initially the young artist was influenced by Martiros Saryan, but then evolved into a non-figurative style of painting. The source of his artistic inspiration in his later years was the work of Wassily Kandinsky and Arshile Gorky. In the abstract genre Seiran Khatlamadjian used as a soft, transparent tone and active and bright colors. The artist is also known for his series of "Magic Armenia", which is an artistic fusion of history and mythology, reality and mystery, paganism and Christianity. Khatlamadjian participated in many ethnographic expeditions to Armenia and painted landscapes in all its regions. In this case, all of his creative life was entirely related to Armenia, where he settled and drew several paintings which were highly respected by the public and professionals. In 1967, he became a member of the Artists' Union of Armenia. Seiran Khatlamadjian left a large number of paintings and drawings, some of which are exhibited in the Tretyakov Gallery (Moscow), National Gallery of Armenia, Contemporary Art Museum (Yerevan), Museum of Oriental Cultures (Moscow), Gnessins Music Institute (Moscow), Rostov Regional Museum of Local History, Nonconformist Art Museum (New Jersey, USA), and in a number of state buildings in Armenia such as the Constitutional Court, Residence of President, and National Assembly. His work is also exposited in many private collections in Armenia and abroad.
Seiran Khatlamadjian show an emotional quality parallel with the art of Arshile Gprky. Khatlamajian has the vibrant line, but he is the more lyrical of in his finely executed drawings and his abstract canvases (1991-1994). Freed of the constraints of figurative art, this artist creates a visual structure, which, at its best, can be considered a plastic formula for the Armenian spirit: a polyphonic harmony of colors penetrated by sharp and thorn-like lines. This coexistence in his works of peaceful harmony and dramatic disturbance reflecting the troubled course of Armenian history.
Seiran Khatlamadjian took active part in the public life in Armenia and was not limited to his role as artist. With his direct participation, Khatlamadjian developed and adopted state symbols for the Republic of Armenia. He actively searched archives and studied the state anthem of the First Republic of Armenia (1918-1920.) Khatlamadjian contributed to the restoration of the Armenian coat of arms which was created by the architect Alexander Tamanyan and academician of the Russian Academy of Arts Hakob Kojoyan. He has been actively campaigning for its approval as a national state anthem of independent Armenia which was approved on April 19, 1992 by the Supreme Council of Armenia. Seiran Khatlamadjian died in September 14, 1994 and is buried in the city of Yerevan.
References
Armenian painters
Soviet Armenians
Armenian activists
Artists from Rostov-on-Don
Soviet painters
Abstract painters
1937 births
1994 deaths
Russian people of Armenian descent
Burgum is the largest and administrative town of the municipality of Tytsjerksteradiel, in the Dutch province of Friesland. It had a population of 10,058 inhabitants in January 2017.
On 1 January 1989 the official name of the village was changed from Bergum to Burgum. This was done to match the Frisian name of the village. Bergum is the current name in Dutch.
The name Burgum is suggestive of an area of higher altitude than the surrounding area. The province of Friesland is bordered in the north by the Wadden Sea. In ancient and medieval times, habitation in Friesland occurred only in those areas which were elevated above sea level (for example in Burgum) or on artificially built mounds known as terp, weird or ward. These mounds were areas of refuge in times of flooding. The artificial mounds became redundant after the building of the dykes on the border of the Wadden Sea. Habitation of this area goes back to the Stone Age.
Main things to see in Burgum are the Town Hall and the Krústsjerke (Cross Church) which is the remainder of a convent burned in the Eighty Years' War. Friesland is renowned for its many lakes and canals. One of these lakes is found nearby the village of Burgum and it is called the Burgumer Mar. Another object of interest is the so-called Poppestien. A large stone deposited in this area during the last ice age (11,000 BC). In ancient times this stone was used in fertility rituals.
Notable buildings
Protestant church of Burgum
The Municipality center of Tytsjerksteradiel
Notable people associated with Burgum
Hendrik Bulthuis - Amateur boat builder and designer of the Bergumermeer-class sailing-boat (“B.M.-er”).
Tsjibbe Gearts van der Meulen - Frisian writer and poet
Joke van Rijssel, long track speed skater.
Rombertus van Uylenburgh - One of the founders of the University of Franeker
References
Populated places in Friesland
Tytsjerksteradiel
Eugene Vincent Clark (January 26, 1926 – April 11, 2012) was a prelate of the Archdiocese of New York. He was a vocal and prominent proponent of traditional values and practices in the Catholic Church.
Career
Clark studied for the priesthood at St. Joseph's Seminary in Yonkers, New York. He was ordained by Cardinal Francis Spellman in 1951. He then served as a teacher at Cardinal Spellman High School in the Bronx, New York. Following this, he served as Spellman's private secretary.
Church of the Annunciation, Crestwood, New York
Clark was appointed pastor of the Church of the Annunciation in 1980 by Cardinal Terence Cooke. He was a successful homilist and a connoisseur of art, especially religious art. With his eye for the aesthetic, he refurbished much of the sculpture in the lower church, and moved several pieces to the upper church — including a Pieta and an enormous crucifix that now hangs in the back of the upper church. Clark oversaw a major restoration of the sanctuary of the upper church; this included a large marble altar, the altar stairs, and marble facade redesigned to face forward — replacing the "portable" altar used for several years previously. The altar is now dedicated to the memory of Richard and Regina Fay.
A hand-made papier-mâché Christmas creche imported from Italy was acquired at this time as well — with the help of the Mark and Alicia Barry Family, in Memory of Frank and Catherine Gleason. This work of art graces St. Joseph's Altar. Clark's successor, the Rev. Eugene Carrella, later commissioned the addition of a manger that replicates the marble columns and facade of the main altar.
Clark was the first pastor to institute a Finance Council in the parish. He was also dedicated to the parish school and a more diverse curriculum. Under his stewardship and with Kevin Scanlon as the school principal for more than a decade, the school thrived and expanded with the creation of a kindergarten program.
Clark later served as an official spokesman for Cardinal Cooke.
St. Agnes Church, New York, New York
After Annunciation, in 1986 Clark became pastor of St. Agnes Parish and High School in Manhattan. It was during this time that St. Agnes became a center for Catholic study, drawing professionals from architects to medical doctors to financiers and lawyers from all over Manhattan, who not only attended Mass but also attended regular classes in philosophy and theology, especially on St. Thomas Aquinas.
In 1999 and 2000, Clark hosted a series of programs for the Catholic Eternal Word Television Network entitled Relationships, which made him better known beyond the Archdiocese of New York.
St. Patrick's Cathedral
In 2001, Cardinal Edward Egan selected Clark to be Rector of St. Patrick's Cathedral, the seat of the archdiocese. His duties as rector included running its day-to-day business, and he would preside at the main Mass on Sundays when the cardinal was unavailable.
Clark was a leading fund-raiser for Catholic causes. He was Vice President of the Homeland Foundation, an organization which supports Catholic projects, and he established the first American chapter of the Patrons of the Arts in the Vatican Museums, a preservation group. A fellow priest memorably dubbed him "the Mother Teresa to the rich".
Accusation and resignation
On August 11, 2005, Clark resigned as rector of the cathedral in response to published allegations of adultery with his longtime secretary, Laura DiFillipo. He strenuously denied the allegations for the rest of his life. DiFillipo's husband had been seeking to divorce his wife, and collected surveillance video and photographs that he made widely available to the news media.
Death
Clark retired to East Hampton, New York, where he died on April 11, 2012.
References
1926 births
2012 deaths
Religious leaders from New York City
People of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York
20th-century American Roman Catholic priests
21st-century American Roman Catholic priests
Wharfedale Hospital (formerly known as Wharfedale General Hospital) is located in the market town of Otley, West Yorkshire, England, and is managed by the Leeds Teaching Hospitals NHS Trust.
History
The facility has its origins in an infirmary built for the Wharfedale Union Workhouse on the Newall Carr Road in 1873. An infirmary with 70 beds was added in 1907 and was administered by the Wharfedale Board of Guardians until 1930. It went on to become the Otley County Institution and then became Otley County Hospital.
The facility joined the National Health Service as Otley County Hospital in 1948 and later became Wharfedale General Hospital. In the 1990s it became clear the existing building was unsuitable for purpose. A new hospital was commissioned and the old site redeveloped into an estate called Wharfedale Park, with many of the original buildings being converted into flats.
The new hospital, located just to the west of the old facility, was officially opened by the Princess Royal on 26 January 2005. The local Member of Parliament, Harold Best, was involved in securing the location of the hospital.
See also
List of hospitals in England
Listed buildings in Otley
References
External links
Leeds Teaching Hospital NHS Trust website: Wharfedale Hospital
Residential buildings completed in 1873
Hospitals in Leeds
NHS hospitals in England
Otley
Poor law infirmaries
Sharon Elizabeth Couper McAuslan (née Rutherford, 1945 – 24 May 2019) was a New Zealand jurist. She was a judge of the District Court from 1995 to 2015.
Legal career
Born in 1945, McAuslan was admitted to the bar in 1986. She was a senior Crown prosecutor in the Crown Solicitor's Office in Auckland in the early 1990s. She was a team leader in the New Zealand Law Society's litigation skills programme, and was an examiner at the University of Auckland for overseas lawyers wanting to qualify to practise in New Zealand.
In 1995, McAuslan was appointed to the bench of the Auckland District Court, transferring to the North Shore District Court, and then, in 2000, to the Manukau District Court. She served as the criminal liaison judge for the Pukekohe and Papakura District Courts, and was a member of the District Court Jury Judges Committee. McAuslan retired from the bench in 2015. However, she was appointed an acting District Court judge for two years from 30 January 2016, and was reappointed for a further two-year term from 14 January 2019.
In the 2016 Queen's Birthday Honours, McAuslan was appointed a Companion of the Queen's Service Order, for services to the judiciary.
Death
McAuslan died in Edinburgh, Scotland, on 24 May 2019.
References
Date of birth missing
1945 births
2019 deaths
District Court of New Zealand judges
Companions of the Queen's Service Order
Alfonso Duarte Múgica leads a battalion that combats the drug cartels (such as the Tijuana Cartel and the Sinaloa Cartel) in Tijuana. In March 2009, President Felipe Calderón "hailed the Baja California anti-drug offensive as a model for the country."
General Duarte received media attention in 2011 after a video was released in which he commented that Cuauhtémoc Cardona, the secretary-general of Baja California, was "drunk, rude and disrespectful."
References
Mexican generals
People of the Mexican Drug War
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Shāh Chérāgh () is a funerary monument and mosque in Shiraz, Iran, housing the tomb of the brothers Ahmad and Muhammad, sons of Mūsā al-Kādhim and brothers of ‘Alī ar-Ridhā. The two took refuge in the city during the Abbasid persecution of Shia Muslims. Shāh-é-Chérāgh is Persian for "King of the Light".
Overview
The tombs became celebrated pilgrimage centres in the 14th century when Queen Tashi Khatun erected a mosque and theological school in the vicinity. The site was given this name due to the nature of the discovery of the site by Ayatullah Dastghā'ib (the great grandfather of the contemporary Ayatullah Dastghā'ib). He used to see light from a distance and decided to investigate the source. He found that the light was being emitted by a grave within a graveyard. The grave that emitted the light was excavated, and a body wearing an armor was discovered. The body was wearing a ring saying al-‘Izzatu Lillāh, Ahmad bin Mūsā, meaning "The Pride belongs to God, Ahmad son of Musa". Thus it became known that this was the burial site of the sons of Mūsā al-Kādhim.
History
The site is the most important place of pilgrimage within the city of Shiraz. Ahmad came to Shiraz at the beginning of the third Islamic century (approximately 900 AD), and died there. During the rule of Abu Bakr ibn Sa'd () of the Salghurid dynasty, the chief minister to the monarch by the name of Amir Muqarrab al-Din Mas'ud built the tomb chamber, the dome, as well as a colonnaded porch. The mosque remained this way for roughly 100 years before further work was initiated by Queen Tash Khātūn (the mother of Shāh Abū Ishāq Injū) during the years 1344-1349 (745-750 AH). She carried out essential repairs, constructed an edifice, a hall of audience, a fine college, and a tomb for herself on the south side. She also presented a unique Qur'an of thirty volumes, written in golden thuluth characters with gold decoration, in the style of the calligraphist of that period, Yahya Jamali. The date written on the Qur'an indicates that they were written from 1344-1345 (754-746 AH). Nothing now remains of the buildings set up by Queen Tash Khātūn, but the Qur'ans have remained and are preserved in the Pars Museum.
The mosque again underwent necessary repairs in 1506 (912 AH - under the reign of Shāh Ismā‘īl I), which were initiated by the guardian of the mosque at the time, Mirza Habibullah Sharifi. The mosque was again repaired in 1588 (997 AH) when half of the structure collapsed as a result of an earthquake. During the nineteenth century, the mosque was damaged several times and was subsequently repaired. In 1827 (1243 AH), Fat'h ‘Alī Shāh Qājār presented an ornamental railing for the tomb. Another earthquake shook the mosque in 1852 (1269 AH), and repairs were carried out by Muhammad Nasir Zahir ad-Dawla.
Finally, the late Nasirol'molk repaired the dome, but on account of the numerous cracks, in 1958 the whole dome was removed, and in its place an iron structure, which was lighter, and likely to last longer, in the shape of the original dome, was made at the cost of the people of Shiraz. The present building consists of the original portico, with its ten columns, on the eastern side, a spacious sanctuary with lofty alcoves on four sides, a mosque on the western side of the sanctuary, and various rooms. There are also numerous tombs contiguous to the Mausoleum.
The decorative work in a mosaic of mirror glass, the inscriptions in stucco, the ornamentation, the doors covered with panels of silver, the portico, and the wide courtyard are most attractive. The tomb, with its latticed railing, is in an alcove between the space beneath the dome and the mosque. And this custom of placing the tomb in this position, so that it is not directly under the dome, is to be seen in other famous places of pilgrimage in the city of Shiraz, and may be considered a special feature of Shiraz shrines. Two short minarets, situated at each end of the columned portico, add impressiveness to the Mausoleum, and to the spacious courtyard, which surrounds it on three sides. The Shah-e-Cheragh Mausoleum was registered on 10 February 1940, under No. 363 in the list of the national monuments of Iran.
Rated by many travellers as the most beautiful mosque in the world. The shrine was popularised in the West when in October 1976, Interview magazine published a Firooz Zahedi photo shoot of Elizabeth Taylor as a cover story.
Sayyid Alā al-Dīn Husayn
Another important pilgrimage centre in the historical city of Shiraz is the mausoleum of Sayyid Husayn, another son of Mūsā al-Kādhim. This mausoleum is located near the south-east corner of Shiraz. The mausoleum itself is a tall building bearing a lofty dome. The original entrance was on the south side, approached by a small courtyard from the road that runs beside it. On the western side there is an area, more or less spacious, which was formerly a cemetery, but is now regarded as the western courtyard of the mausoleum.
The mausoleum's interior consists of a tall sanctuary ornamented with designs in facets of mirror beneath the dome, and the tomb, as in the other places of pilgrimage in Shiraz, is situated in an alcove on the northern side, and there is a mosque adjacent to the sanctuary behind the railing of the tomb. The original building of the mausoleum was constructed by Qotlogh Khan, who in the Ilkhanate and Timurid period, at the close of the fourteenth, or at the beginning of the fifteenth century, was Governor of Shiraz, and had a garden where the present mausoleum stands, which was built over the site where the grave appeared to be.
There is an inscription in Sols (Thuluth) script above the sanctuary, dated 943 A.H. (1563 AD), the writer of which was called Seyavash. The present Shrine was built in 923 A.H. (1517 AD).
The Soltan Khalil mentioned is Soltan Zu'l-qadr who during the reign of the Safavid Shah Isma'il I was for fifteen years, from 911 to 926 A.H. (1505-1519 AD), Governor of Fars, and who according to what is written in the Naseri Fars-Nameh, on account of misconduct at the battle of Chalderan, was by order of Shah Ismail put to death in 926 A.H.
The year 943 A.H., mentioned at the end of the inscription above the sanctuary (below the dome), indicates that in the time of Shah Tahmasb I the work of completing the mausoleum was accomplished. On account of the instability of the soil, and the earthquakes that occurred in Shiraz, this building suffered considerable damage, and a part of the dome, which had last been repaired by the late Mirza Abu'l-Hasan Moshiro'l-molk, gave way, and was threatened with collapse, and in spite of repairs, and much reinforcement, which was carried out by the late General Riazi, the former Director of Education in Fars, and subsequently, the threat of dissolution increased daily, until in the year 1950 the dome was taken down by the Fars Department of Education. Then a dome of less weight, with an interior iron structure, was prepared, at the cost of the funds of the mausoleum, and it was placed in position in 1952, and during several succeeding years a covering of brick and enamelled tiling was applied in the shape of the original dome.
The Mausoleum of Sayyid Husayn was registered on 20 December 1937, under No, 307 in the list of the historical monuments of Iran
Gallery
See also
Holiest sites in Islam (Shia)
Imām Ridhā Mosque
Fatimah al-Ma'sūmah Mosque
Shāh Abdol Azīm Mosque
History of Persian domes
Alwar State
References
External links
Photos
The Mausoleum of Shah-e-Cheragh
Video of the inside
Mosques in Shiraz
Buildings and structures in Shiraz
Shia shrines
Safavid architecture
Gninga is a town in the Koudougou Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 2,490.
References
External links
Satellite map at Maplandia.com
Populated places in the Centre-Ouest Region
Boulkiemdé Province
Sun-chang Lo is a photographer, artist, architect.
Early life
Sun-chang Lo is a Chinese American photographer, artist, architect. Born in Guangzhou, China, and has lived and studied in Taiwan, Japan, Hong Kong and the United States.
Following graduation from the Cooper Union, New York City, in 1972, he was a recipient of the Japanese Monbukagakusho Scholarship from 1974 to 1976. While studying under Professor Kazuo Shinohara at the Tokyo Institute of Technology, analysis and synthesis of the theories and histories of Chinese and Japanese architecture landed him two consecutive awards in the 1975 and 1976 Japan Architect International Residential Competitions.
Architecture, design and photography
From 1977 to 1979, while participating in the Lukang Landmark Preservation Project, he taught architecture and design at Tunghai University, Taiwan. Back in his New York City home base, he and his wife/partner, Jean, pursued a multi-discipline design practice ranging from architecture, interior, fashion and graphic design, to photography, surveying and model making.
From 1993 to 2008 he taught art and architecture, design, drawing and photography at the Department of Architecture at the University of Hong Kong.
Currently
In 2008, Sun-chang Lo was referenced in the Hong Kong Art Archive.
He is now a freelance architect/artist/photographer living in New York city.
Books
Hong Kong: A Micro Vision/Photographs Sun-chang Lo Illustrated. 124 pages. The University Museum and Art Gallery, The University of Hong Kong.
Hong Kong: A Macro Vision/Drawings Sun-chang Lo Illustrated. 120 pages. The University Museum and Art Gallery, The University of Hong Kong.
Metropolis: A Prime Vision/Photographs Sun-chang Lo Illustrated. 136 pages. The University Museum and Art Gallery, The University of Hong Kong.
Metropolis: An Omni Vision/Drawings Sun-chang Lo Illustrated. 104 pages. The University Museum and Art Gallery, The University of Hong Kong.
Pilgrimage : A Naked Vision/Photographs Sun-chang Lo Illustrated. 132 pages. The University Museum and Art Gallery, The University of Hong Kong.
16 Lessons in Lines: 50th Anniversary Exhibition, Illustrated. 250 pages. The University Museum and Art Gallery, The University of Hong Kong.
Mindscape: An Epic Vision/Photographs Sun-chang Lo Illustrated. 132 pages. The University Museum and Art Gallery, The University of Hong Kong.
Sun-chang Lo's Metropolis Sun-chang Lo Illustrated. 72 pages. Cultural & Recreational Services of the Civic & Municipal Affairs Bureau, Macau
Exhibitions
Solo
Mindscape: An Epic Vision/Photographs by Sun-chang Lo
Creek Art, Shanghai, 2008.
Sun-chang Lo's Metropolis
The Taipa Houses Museum, Macau, 2004.
Nudes and Naked Calligraphy/Works by Jean and Sun-chang Lo
The University Museum and Art Gallery, The University of Hong Kong, 2003.
Metropolis: A Prime Vision/Photographs by Sun-chang Lo
Kwai Fung Hin Art Gallery, Hong Kong, 2001.
Metropolis: A Prime Vision/Photographs by Sun-chang Lo
Edward Carter Gallery, New York, 2001.
Metropolis: Fotografias e Desenhos de Sun-chang Lo
Galeria da Livraria Portuguesa, Instituto Português do Oriente, Macau, 2001.
Photography by Sun-chang Lo
Art Sites Gallery, Greenport, New York, 2000.
Hong Kong: A Macro Vision/Drawings by Sun-chang Lo
The University Museum and Art Gallery, The University of Hong Kong, 1997.
Hong Kong: A Micro Vision/Photographs by Sun-chang Lo
Princeton University, 1996.
Hong Kong: A Micro Vision/Photographs by Sun-chang Lo
The University Museum and Art Gallery, The University of Hong Kong, 1995.
Group
Hong Kong & Shenzhen Bi-City Biennale of Urbanism/Architecture
Central, Hong Kong, 2008.
Lianzhou International Photo Festival
Lianzhou, Guangdong, China, 2007.
Lishui International Photo Festival
Lishui, Zhejiang, China, 2007.
16 Lessons in Lines
The University Museum and Art Gallery, The University of Hong Kong, 1999.
Five Contemporary Chinese Photographers
The Rotunda, Exchange Square, Hong Kong, 1997
References
External links
Artist's website
Chinese architects
Chinese photographers
Living people
Artists from Guangzhou
Year of birth missing (living people)
Cooper Union alumni
Photographers from New York City
For the Love of God () is a Canadian drama film, directed by Micheline Lanctôt and released in 2011. Based in part on a personal experience from Lanctôt's own childhood, the film centres on the sexual awakening of Léonie (Ariane Legault), a young girl attending convent school in 1959 who falls in love with Father Malachy (Victor Andrés Trelles Turgeon), the new school priest, and becomes jealous when she realizes that her teacher, Sister Cécile (Madeleine Péloquin), is also in love with him. The film also explores the effect of the experience on the three into the present day, with Lanctôt herself playing the role of the adult Léonie, Geneviève Bujold as the senior Sister Cécile and Nelson Villagra as the senior Fr. Malachy.
Rossif Sutherland also has a small role in the film as Jesus.
The film premiered on August 24, 2011 at the Angoulême Film Festival, where it won awards for Best Actress (Péloquin) and Best Film. It opened commercially in Quebec on September 2.
The film received six Jutra Award nominations at the 14th Jutra Awards, for Best Director (Lanctôt), Best Actress (Péloquin), Best Art Direction (Normand Sarazin), Best Cinematography (Michel La Veaux), Best Costume Design (François Barbeau) and Best Original Music (Catherine Major). Barbeau won the award for costume design.
At the Shanghai International Film Festival in 2012, the film won the Golden Goblet Jury Grand Prix.
References
External links
2011 films
Canadian coming-of-age drama films
Films directed by Micheline Lanctôt
Films shot in Montreal
Films set in Montreal
2011 drama films
French-language Canadian films
2010s Canadian films
JumpStart SpyMasters: Unmask the Prankster is a personal computer game made by Knowledge Adventure where the user must stop the Prankster. As in other JumpStart games, one has to solve educational problems to complete the game.
Gameplay
There are three locations in the game:
HQ
HQ = This is where the user goes after completing a mission
Lab = Here the user connects molecules with words on them organized according to their lexical category
Spy Masters Online = This is an Internet game where one has to get the flag from the other team
Adventure Valley
Dell's = This a fast food restaurant where you have to get the right amount of mustard in 3 blenders.
Recording Studio = Here you must get instrument to touch the right letter to spell the requested word.
Software Company = Here you must get to the words related to the requested word above before the time runs out.
Robot Factory = Here you must sort out computer chips with a word on them to get them 4 in a row. When you use up all the space you and have 'data' you need you win.
Clock tower = an area similar to the Recording Studio.
Airport = An area similar to the Software Company.
Power Plant = An area very alike to the Lab.
Ancient Ruins
Library = Here you must find what the pictures mean and change to a word.
Map Room = Place is similar to the Robot Factory.
Abandoned Amusement Park
Puzzle Fun House = An area identical to the Library.
Octopus Ride = An area similar to the Dell's but the only difference you is you shoot cannonballs
Other Areas
These places can only accessible by Jet pack or during pre-mission.
Training Area = The User can only go there during the pre- mission. It's near the ocean
Other Areas = Some are between the airport and Dell's, on rivers or near the ruins
(Note: At the end of the credits is a poster of this game's sequel. Around it was more areas unshown in the game.)
Cast
Jess/Jo: Paula Tiso
Zack: Phil Snyder
Sally: Kim Mai Guest
Botley/Max: Dee Bradley Baker
TJ: Brianne Siddall
Dr.X: Lex Lang
Characters
Adventurers
Botley - AndroidXL2 ("Botley"), of JumpStart Adventures 3rd Grade: Mystery Mountain & JumpStart Typing, is a robot. In the game, Botley speaks in an older tone of voice.
T.J. - Thomas James Adams, of JumpStart Adventures 4th Grade: Sapphire Falls, is the newest member of the Adventurers in the game and seems to be very excited. In the game, his green T-shirt turns into a tan sweater with a green vest.
Sally - Sally Chu, also of JumpStart Adventures 4th Grade: Sapphire Falls. In the game, Sally's ponytail turns plain short.
Jo - Jo Hammet, of JumpStart Adventures 5th Grade: Jo Hammet, Kid Detective, seems to like skateboarding and rollerblading (as seen in JumpStart 5th Grade and JumpStart Adventure Challenge - a bonus disc that was included with several games in the past and which was also released under the names Far Out Field Trips, Ultimate Field Trips, and Extreme Field Trips in several of the Advanced packages of those same games.).
Zack - Zack is from JumpStart Adventures 6th Grade: Mission Earthquest. In the game, Zack's sweater turns into a T-shirt.
Jess - Jess is Zack's sister and is also from JumpStart Adventures 6th Grade: Mission Earthquest. In the game, Jess' hair is black instead of red.
Villains
Max Masters/Prankster - Max used to be the youngest Adventurer until he was kicked out. In the game, he plays pranks on (or tries to get revenge against) the Adventurers as the Prankster. He later gets his revenge in the sequel.
Minor Characters/Unseen
People - Some were seen after the Naptime mission
Unseen
Dr.X - From JumpStart Adventures 5th Grade: Jo Hammet, Kid Detective. He was not mentioned in the game but his name was seen in the credits.
See also
JumpStart
External links
Knowledge Adventure's Official JumpStart Site
2001 video games
JumpStart
Spy video games
Video games developed in the United States
Windows games
Windows-only games
Television in Hungary was introduced in 1957. Transmission in colour was introduced to Hungarian television for the first time in 1971. Hungary had only one television channel until 1973. It was only in the mid 1990s when private and commercial broadcasting was introduced to Hungary.
Hungarian programming
Utca 13
11.22.63
Against the Wall
Aquarius
Boston Legal
Burke's Law
Burn Notice
Castle
Chicago Med
Cold Case
Columbo
Coma
Criminal Minds: Beyond Borders
CSI: Crime Scene Investigation
Do No Harm
Dig
Fairly Legal
El còncession, algéno de murdère.
Falling Skies
Hawaii Five-0
HawthoRNe
Haven
House, M.D.
Imposters
Intelligence
Kojak
Law & Order
Law & Order: Criminal Intent
Law & Order: Los Angeles
Law & Order: Special Victims Unit
Law & Order: Trial by Jury
Lost
MacGyver
Major Crimes
Midsomer Murders
Miss Marple
NYC 22
NYPD Blue
Perception
Poirot
Psych
The Rockford Files
Rookie Blue
Rosewood
Scandal
Star Trek: Enterprise
Suits
The A-Team
The Closer
The Event
The Good Wife
The Mentalist
The Mysteries of Laura
The Player
Third Watch
Walker, Texas Ranger
Women's Murder Club
Universal Channel Hungary
Being Erica
Blue Bloods
Brothers & Sisters
Covert Affairs
Diagnosis: Murder
ER
Fact or Faked: Paranormal Files
Foyle's War
The Good Wife
The Guardian
Hawaii Five-0
Haven
Law & Order
Law & Order: Criminal Intent
Law & Order: Special Victims Unit
Legends
The Librarians
McLeod's Daughters
Medium
Midsomer Murders
Monk
Nash Bridges
Perception
Psych
The Real Housewives of Orange County
Republic of Doyle
Rookie Blue
Royal Pains
Scandal
Sea Patrol
Shattered
Three Rivers
Walker, Texas Ranger
Who Do You Think You Are?
Free-to-air television channels broadcasting in Hungary
Free-to-air on DVB-T
Free-to-air on analogue
Analogue broadcasting in Hungary was phased out in two phases that were completed on July 31 and October 31, 2013, respectively.
However, analogue broadcasting is still active as of August 2021 in the Balaton area, at least.
M1
TV2
RTL Klub
plus Local channels
Free-to-air on satellite
M1
M2
Duna
Duna World
M4 Sport
M5
Galaxy4
Story4
TV4
Hungarian channels by groups
Duna Média (MTVA)
DUNA: 0-24: National main channel of Hungary, since March 15, 2015. Started in 1992. Available in HD.
M1: 0-24: News channel, since March 15, 2015. It was the national main channel before, started in 1957. Available in HD.
M2 / M2 Petőfi: 6-20: Kids channel since December 22, 2012, 20-6: Entertainment since March 15, 2015. Started in 1973. Available in HD.
M3: 0-24: Retro channel started in late 2013. Cancelled in 2019, available only on internet as m3.hu Available in HD.
M4 Sport: 0-24: Sport channel started in 2015. Available in HD.
M4 Sport+ Sports channel, weekends on Duna World from 14h to 22h.
M5: 0-24: Started on August 6, 2016 as sport channel, (also called M5 Sport) because of the Rio Olympics 2016 and Rio Paralympics 2016, as cultural channel since September 18, 2016. (It was planned as a regional channel.) Available in HD.
Duna World: International channel of Hungary, since April 16, 2006. Available in HD.
M6: Planned as a regional channel. MTVA doesn't plan to launch it in the following years.
M3D: In the summer of 2012 it was the 3D channel of MTVA.
M4K: Planned as a 4K channel.
RTL Magyarország (RTL Group)
RTL Klub: The most popular commercial channel in Hungary.
Cool, Film+, RTL II, RTL+, Sorozat+, RTL Gold: premium series' and films' channels
Muzsika TV: Hungarian music
Channels in bold are available in HD.
TV2 Group
TV2: One of main commercial channel in Hungary.
TV2 Séf, FEM3, Jocky TV, Moziverzum, TV2 Comedy, Izaura TV, TV2 Kids, PRIME, Mozi+, Super TV2, Spiler1 TV, Spiler2 TV : premium series', films' and sport channels
Zenebutik: Hungarian music
Channels in bold are available in HD.
National Channels
Duna (National channel) started broadcasting in 1992. (Free-to-air on DVB-T)
Duna World (International channel, since 16. April 2006.) (Free-to-air on DVB-T)
M1 (News channel, since 15. March 2015.) started broadcasting in 1957. (Free-to-air on DVB-T)
M2, started broadcasting in 1972., (M2 Kids Channel 6-20h), since 22. December 2012. (M2 Petőfi 20-6h) (Free-to-air on DVB-T)
M3, started broadcasting in 2012 (Free-to-air on DVB-T), closed
M4 Sport (Sports channel) started broadcasting in 2015. (Free-to-air on DVB-T)
M4 Sport+ (Sports channel) Weekends on Duna World from 14.00 to 22.00.
M5 - (as sports channel from 5. August to 18. September 2016.(due to the Rio Olympics 2016 and Rio Paralympics 2016), from 18. September as a Cultural channel) (Free-to-air on DVB-T)
National commercial channels
TV2 started broadcasting in October 1997. (Free-to-air on DVB-T)
RTL Klub started broadcasting in October 1997. (Free-to-air on DVB-T)
National commercial premium channels
RTL II (Also available on DVB-T2)
Super TV2 (Also available on DVB-T2)
Cable channels
General and entertainment
News and politics
Sport
Movies
Series and telenovellas
Documentary
Animals
Travel and lifestyle
Culinary
Children & families
Music
Religion
Regional
Adult
HD TV-Channels
Planned
Defunct or renamed
Paramount Channel renamed as Paramount Network
RTL Spike renamed as Teen Nick
FilmBox Plus renamed as FilmBox Stars
Fine Living
Discovery Showcase HD
History2 only in Hungary
LiChi TV renamed as TV2 Séf
KiWI TV renamed as TV2 Kids
Humor+ renamed as TV2 Comedy
Viasat Nature/History HD
Megamax
ID Xtra
C8
FOX
Sport M
Chili TV renamed as Lichi TV
Story 4 renamed as TV4
Story 5 renamed as Story4
Galaxy renamed as Galaxy4
Echo TV
DoQ
Romance TV only in Hungary
VIVA Hungary replaced by Comedy Central Family Hungary
Comedy Central Extra
M3 Anno only as m3.hu (webTV)
Digi Film renamed as FilmNOW
Disney Junior
Ozone Network renamed as OzoneTV
Life Network renamed as LifeTV
Film+2 renamed as RTL Gold
AXN White replaced by Sony Max
AXN Black replaced by Sony Movie Channel
Universal Channel
PRO4 renamed as Mozi+
Cartoon Network Too
Animax
Discovery World renamed as DTX
BBC Knowledge renamed as BBC Earth
TV3
Prizma TV renamed as RTL+
Reflektor TV
AXN Sci-Fi renamed as AXN Black
AXN Crime renamed as AXN White
Hallmark channel renamed as Universal Channel
Kids co.
Zone Club
Írisz TV
MTVA Info
M3D
A+
Avante
Best Of Music
Budapest Európa Televízió
Cherry Music
Szív TV
MSat
Club TV
Discovery Civilisation renamed as Discovery World
Discovery Travel and Living
Fény TV
FilmBox Extra
FilmBox Extra1
FilmNet
Fox Kids renamed as Jetix
Galaxia TV
Game One TV
Hálózat TV
HungaroSport
Humor 1 merged with M+ to form Cool TV
Jetix renamed as Disney Channel
Joker TV
Karma TV
Meteo TV
MGM
MusicPlus Hungary
MTV Hungary
Movies 24
Nóta TV renamed as Sláger TV
PV TV
Rock TV
Top TV HU
Top Shop TV
SATeLIT Televízió
Sport Klub+
SuperOne Music
Ötös csatrona
MusicMix
MusicMix SuperOne
TCM
Cartoonito
Agro TV Hungary
M3
Antenna3 Hungary
Nautik Hungary
TV deko renamed as Spektrum Home
Filmmúzeum renamed as Film Mania
Musicmax
Musicmax Adult
Private Spice
Zone Club
Zone Reality renamed as CBS Reality
Zone Europa
Zone Romantica renamed as Film Cafe
ZENIT TV HUNGARY
SportKlub Hungary
P+ Televízió
BBC Entertainment
TV2 Classic
Rating shares
By channel
The channels with the largest viewing share in 2016 are:
By television group
Historical rankings
See also
List of Hungarian-language television channels
Media of Hungary
References
1957 establishments in Hungary
Hornum is a town in western Himmerland with a population of 943 (1. January 2022), located 21 km southeast of Løgstør and 9 km northwest of Aars. The city belongs to the municipality of Vesthimmerland Municipality and is located in the North Denmark Region.
Hornum is located in Ulstrup parish. Ulstrup Church, also known as Hornum-Ulstrup Church, is located a little south of the city by the old village of Ulstrup. In the northern part of the city lies Søttrup Frimenighedskirke.
History
Ulstrup got a station on the Himmerlands runways, opened in 1893. But when there was an Ulstrup station on Langå-Struer, the station was named Hornum. The station had two crossings and a loading track with a blind track at each end.
In 1901, the city was described as follows: "Ulstrup, by the road, with Church, Præstegd., School, cooperative dairy, Inn, Market Square (Market in Jan., March, July, Sept. and Dec.) And, in the vicinity, Hornum Stationsby with Railway Station, Telegraphs and Postpedition ".
Passenger traffic on the Hobro-Løgstør line ended in 1966, but Hornum still had an expedition of goods as the freight traffic on the Viborg-Løgstør line continued to 1999. The track was taken up in 2006, allowing you to mount the cycling and hiking on the former railroute.
The station building, which was expanded several times and after the latest expansion in 1934 was about twice the size of the railway station's other stations, is well-preserved and still has its signage. It is located on Jernbanegade 3 and accommodates the Himmerlands Railway Museum, local history archives and a model railway.
Facilities
Hornum School has 227 students, divided between 0.-9. grade. The town has two kindergartens: Elmevej, founded in 1974 and rated for 35 children, and Kirkevej, established in 1994 and rated for 44 children.
Hornum Sports Association was founded in 1903 as a football club, but now also offers badminton in the Hornum Hall, where Søttrup Gymnastics Association offers gymnastics and Blære/Hornum Handball Club offers handball. The city has a citizen's association and a local history association.
Hornum School has 227 students, divided between 0.-9. grade. The town has two kindergartens: Elmevej, founded in 1974 and rated for 35 children, and Kirkevej, established in 1994 and rated for 44 children.
Hornum Sports Association was founded in 1903 as a football club, but now also offers badminton in the Hornum Hall, where Søttrup Gymnastics Association offers gymnastics and Blære / Hornum Handball Club offers handball. The city has a citizen's association and a local history association.
In Hornum there is a Dagli'Brugs, clothes shop, hairdresser, savings bank, gas station and inn and the hostel, used by both young and old.
References
Cities and towns in Denmark
Towns and settlements in Vesthimmerland Municipality
Kyzylzhar (, ) is a district of North Kazakhstan Region in northern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the selo of Beskol (). Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
North Kazakhstan Region
Dr. T's Music Software was a software company based in Massachusetts. Development was started in 1984 by Emile Tobenfeld. The company operated until the mid-1990s, and developed music software for the Commodore 64, Commodore 128, Commodore Amiga, Macintosh and mainly the Atari ST.
Products
Software
Hitman - cue sheets
X-oR (Amiga, Macintosh) - patch editor
Tunesmith - composing
Tiger Cub (Atari ST) - sequencer
Tiger - sequencer
Samplemaker - sample editor
Realtime 1.2 - sequencer
Music Mouse - composing
Midi Recording Studio (Atari ST, Amiga) - sequencer
M - composing
Keys! - composing
KCS - sequencer (Commodore 64/128, Amiga)
KCS Omega - Keyboard Controlled Sequencer
Tempo Master MPE
Fingers - composing
Copyist Professional (Amiga) - scoring
Copyist Apprentice (Amiga) - scoring
Algorithmic Composer (Commodore 64/128) - algorithmic composition
Echo Plus
Convertifile Plus
T-Basic (Atari) - BASIC programming
Patch editors for:
Roland MT-32
Roland D-110
Oberheim Matrix 6/1000
Lexicon PCM-70
Korg M1
Korg DS-8
Korg DP3000
Kawai K5
Kawai K3
Kawai K1
FX-Pac-1
Caged Artist - Roland D-50
4-op Deluxe
ESQ-apade - Ensoniq ESQ1/Ensoniq SQ80
E-mu Proteus/XR
DX/TX Heaven
Casio VZ Rider
Casio CZ Rider
VDS - Ensoniq Mirage
Hardware
Model-A (Amiga 500/1000) - MIDI interface
Model-T (Commodore 64/128) - MIDI interface
Phantom - MIDI interface/SMPTE synchroniser
References
Further reading
Defunct software companies of the United States
The Israeli paradox is an apparently paradoxical epidemiological observation that Israeli Jews have a relatively high incidence of coronary heart disease (CHD), despite having a diet relatively low in saturated fats, in apparent contradiction to the widely held belief that the high consumption of such fats is a risk factor for CHD. The paradox is that if the thesis linking saturated fats to CHD is valid, the Israelis ought to have a lower rate of CHD than comparable countries where the per capita consumption of such fats is higher.
The observation of Israel's paradoxically high rate of CHD is one of a number of paradoxical outcomes for which a literature now exists, regarding the thesis that a high consumption of saturated fats ought to lead to an increase in CHD incidence, and that a lower consumption ought to lead to the reverse outcome. The most famous of these paradoxes is known as the "French paradox": France enjoys a relatively low incidence of CHD despite a high per-capita consumption of saturated fat.
The Israeli paradox implies two important possibilities. The first is that the hypothesis linking saturated fats to CHD is not completely valid (or, at the extreme, is entirely invalid). The second possibility is that the link between saturated fats and CHD is valid, but that some additional factor in the typical Israeli diet, lifestyle or genes creates another CHD risk—presumably with the implication that if this factor can be identified, it can be isolated in the diet or lifestyle of other countries, thereby allowing both the Israelis, and others, to avoid that particular risk.
Quantifying the Israeli paradox
Israeli Jews eat a diet which is richer in linoleic acid (the most readily available plant-based form of omega-6 fatty acid, found in many vegetable oils) than any other population on the planet. Average per capita consumption is approximately 30 grams a day (11 kilograms annually), compared to 25 grams daily for the average American in 1985.
Susan Allport summarizes the Israeli paradox in the following words:
Allport notes that “Little butter is consumed in Israel, but large quantities of soybean, corn and safflower oil are…. This translates, researchers estimate, to a linoleic acid intake of about 11 percent of calories and a ratio of linoleic to alpha linolenic acid [the most readily-available plant-based omega-3 fatty acid] in the Israeli diet of about 26:1.” She observes that mean serum cholesterol in Israel is quite low by the standards of developed countries: 210 milligrams/dl. Therefore, one distinction that can, without controversy, be attributed to the high levels of linoleic acid in the Israeli diet is the high percentage of linoleic acid in the adipose tissue of Israelis: 24% as compared to 16% in Americans and less than 10% in many northern Europeans.
In 1993, a 23-year follow-up study to the Israeli Ischemic Heart Disease Study of ten thousand public service employees (widely referred to as the “Israeli Civil Service Study”) found that there were only “weak associations of long-term coronary mortality with the dietary intake patterns of fatty acids.”
Identifying and naming the Israeli paradox
The term "Israeli Paradox" was first used by researchers Daniel Yam, Abraham Eliraz and Elliot Berry in a 1996 article in the Israel Journal of Medical Sciences. The authors observed that Israelis consumed polyunsaturated fatty acids (primarily omega-6s rather than omega-3s) at a rate about 8% higher than in the United States and about 10-12% higher than most of Europe. They wrote, “Israeli Jews may be regarded as a population-based dietary experiment of the effect of a high omega-6 PUFA [polyunsaturated fatty acid] diet.”
The most readily-observable result of the relatively high ratio of omega-6 fats to saturated fats in the Israeli diet was the deposition of omega-6 fats in preference to saturated fats in the adipose tissue of Israelis. This had been observed as early as 1976, when an article in the Israel Journal of Medical Sciences noted that, counting polyunsaturated fats (which includes both omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids) as a whole, the ratio of polyunsaturated fats to saturated fats in the adipose tissue of Ashkenazi Jews in Israel was 0.88:1, while for non-Ashkenazi Jews it was 1.13:1. This was, according to the authors, “the highest reported for any population on a free-choice diet.”
See also
French paradox
Israeli cuisine
List of paradoxes
Mexican paradox
Saturated fat and cardiovascular disease
Stroke Belt
References
Health in Israel
Epidemiology
Health paradoxes
Batrachorhina tuberculicollis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1957. It is known from Madagascar.
References
Batrachorhina
Beetles described in 1957
Kornbread Jeté, also known as Kornbread "The Snack" Jeté or simply Kornbread, is the stage name of Demoria Elise Williams (born January 14, 1992), an American drag queen. She is known for competing on season 14 of RuPaul's Drag Race in 2022.
Early life and education
Williams was born and raised in Columbia, South Carolina. She later moved to Los Angeles to study musical theatre.
Career
As of 2022, Kornbread works at The Abbey in Los Angeles, and hosts weekly Drag Race watch parties at West Hollywood's Abbey Food & Bar.
In 2022, she competed on season 14 of RuPaul's Drag Race. She performed an original song routine for the opening episode's talent show and won the challenge, which came with a cash prize of $5,000. In her routine, she used a milk carton with former Drag Race judge Merle Ginsberg depicted as a missing person. In the fifth episode, it was announced that Kornbread had to withdraw from the competition after rolling her ankle the week prior, ultimately coming in 11th Place. At the finale, she was announced as Season 14's Miss Congeniality, having been chosen by her fellow contestants, and won a $10,000 cash prize.
She has appeared in videos with Brandon Rogers and Fine Brothers Entertainment, and has been featured in Thrillist.
Personal life
Kornbread is a transgender woman. She is close friends with Kerri Colby, a fellow Drag Race contestant and trans woman. Kornbread has said of Colby, "She's literally walked me through so much of my transition that no one understands how much she's done for me personally. She's not my drag mom, but I tell her she's definitely partly my trans mom."
Kornbread is the drag daughter of Calypso Jeté Balmain who won the first season of Legendary with the House of Balmain.
On September 26, 2022, Kornbread announced via an Instagram post that she had been diagnosed with an early stage adenocarcinoma, a type of intestinal cancer, and used her experience to raise awareness of the disease.
Filmography
Television
Music videos
Internet series
Awards and nominations
See also
List of LGBT African Americans
List of people from Los Angeles
List of transgender people
References
External links
Kornbread Jete at IMDb
1990s births
Living people
African-American drag queens
LGBT African Americans
LGBT people from California
LGBT people from South Carolina
People from Los Angeles
RuPaul's Drag Race contestants
Transgender women
Transgender drag performers
Business development entails tasks and processes to develop and implement growth opportunities within and between organizations. It is a subset of the fields of business, commerce and organizational theory. Business development is the creation of long-term value for an organization from customers, markets, and relationships. Business development can be taken to mean any activity by either a small or large organization, non-profit or for-profit enterprise which serves the purpose of ‘developing' the business in some way. In addition, business development activities can be done internally or externally by a business development consultant. External business development can be facilitated through Planning Systems, which are put in place by governments to help small businesses. In addition, reputation building has also proven to help facilitate business development.
Overview
In the limited scholarly work available on the subject, business development is conceptualized as or related to discrete projects, specific modes of growth, and organizational units, activities, and practices. Sorensen integrates these different perspectives with insights from chairmen and managing directors, senior business developers, and venture capitalists from successful high-tech firms worldwide, which is adopted in the Palgrave Encyclopedia of Strategic Management:
″Business development is defined as the tasks and processes concerning the analytical preparation of potential growth opportunities, and the support and monitoring of the implementation of growth opportunities, but does not include decisions on strategy and implementation of growth opportunities.″
Background
In practice, the term business development and its actor, the business developer, have evolved into many usages and applications. Today, the applications of business development and the business developer or marketer tasks across industries and countries, cover everything from IT-programmers, specialized engineers, advanced marketing or key account management activities, and sales and relations development for current and prospective customers. For this reason, it has been difficult to discern the unique features of the business development function and whether these activities are a source of profits.
Recent systematic research on the subject has outlined that the contours of an emerging business development function with a unique role in the innovation management process. The business development function seems to be more utterly matured in high-tech, and especially the pharma and biotech industries.
Professionals
The business developer is concerned with the analytical preparation of potential growth opportunities for the senior management or board of directors as well as the subsequent support and monitoring of its implementation. Both in the development phase and the implementation phase, the business developer collaborates and integrates the knowledge and feedback from the organization's specialist functions, for example, research and development, production, marketing, and sales to assure that the organization is capable of implementing the growth opportunity successfully. The business developers' tools to address the business development tasks are the business model answering "how do we make money" and its analytical backup and roadmap for implementation, the business plan.
Business development professionals frequently have had earlier experience in sales, financial services, investment banking or management consulting, and delivery; although some find their route to this area by climbing the corporate ladder in functions such as operations management. Skill sets and experience for business-development specialists usually consist of a mixture of the following (depending on the business requirements):
Sales
Finance
Marketing
Mergers and acquisitions
Legal
Strategic management
Proposal management or capture management
Cultural agility
The "pipeline" refers to the flow of potential clients that a company has started developing. Business development staff assign to each potential client in the pipeline a percent chance of success, with projected sales volumes attached. Planners can use the weighted average of all the potential clients in the pipeline to project staffing to manage the new activity when finalized. Enterprises usually support pipelines with some kind of customer relationship management tool or database, either web-based solution or an in-house system. Sometimes business development specialists manage and analyze the data to produce sales management information. Such management of information could include:
reasons for wins/losses
progress of opportunities in relation to the sales process
top-performing salespeople/sales channels
sales of services/products
For larger and well-established companies, especially in technology-related industries, the term "business development" often refers to setting up and managing strategic relationships and alliances with other, third-party companies. In these instances, the companies may leverage each other's expertise, technologies, or other intellectual property to expand their capacities for identifying, researching, analyzing and bringing to market new businesses and new products. Business development focuses on the implementation of the strategic business plan through equity financing, acquisition/divestiture of technologies, products, and companies, plus the establishment of strategic partnerships where appropriate.
Business development is to be thought of as a marketing tactic. The objectives include branding, expansion in markets, new user acquisition, and awareness. However, the main function of business development is to utilize partners in selling to the right customers. Creating opportunities for value to be ongoing in the long term is important. To be successful in business development the partnership must be built on strong relationships.
Business development and ethics
Facilitated development
Business Development is affected by external factors. "Planning Systems" are systems set in place in order to regulate businesses. In many cases, ruling agencies deem the necessary for business survival. There is a section of Business that is dedicated to facilitating ethical business development in developing countries. In the early 2000s, Business Ethics was dedicated to helping the Businesses in need that are in these countries. However, owing to the strong backlash from critics, they have changed their focus into helping businesses that are going to help the most people develop. These policies have improved the quality of life of the people. However, this facilitation changes the norms and, in turn, harms some groups. In order to enforce the new policies in an ethical manner Business Ethicists have created a cost-benefit analysis, placing an emphasis on basic necessities. These concerns have become so great that Business Ethicists have created a new department called Development Ethics. Now, instead of simply helping to develop businesses, international business developers have begun ensuring that the companies keep basic human rights in mind. This especially applies to countries where the laws are not so strict and allow for abuse to take place. These development policies now have to follow the criteria that Penz created, consisting of: security, empowerment, rights, equity, integrity, and cultural freedom. The idea of providing people with human rights in order to facilitate business development can be seen through the rapid development of China in the last few decades. The policies that were implemented in the last couple decades coincide with these developments. In the 1980s, government policies facilitated the rise in literacy rate and education. The following decade, healthcare coverage increased significantly. This development was not originally seen as monetary capital, but instead, it was seen as human capital. With more workers able to bring skill and maximum effort to their workplace, companies were able to develop extremely rapidly.
Reputation building
With companies becoming more and more conscious of ethical practices, closely watching themselves to avoid scrutiny, a company's reputation has become a great concern. Ethical business practices are closely tied with reputation which makes it essential to follow ethical guidelines if a company is looking to build their reputation. In fact, businesses that develop quickly and successfully have tendencies to show honesty, impartiality, and service to all of their stakeholders. In order for a company to be considered "ethical", it must cater to the needs of the customer, keeping their best interest in mind. This will influence customers to make repeated purchases and lead to more profit. In order for a company to build a strong reputation with their suppliers, it is crucial for them to focus on impartial business interactions and developing long relationships. These relationships can lead to mutually-beneficial business deals for both the company and its supplier. With the employees, they must take their interests into consideration and facilitate teamwork as opposed to rigorous competition. This ensures that the company will keep their most loyal and dedicated employees for as long as possible. Funding for further development can rise when a company is able to develop strong relationship with each stakeholder individually, and ethically. This is based on the concept of reciprocation, which states how in order for social change to take place between groups of people, trust must be built between them through mutually beneficial actions. This can be supported through the results of a questionnaire study that was conducted on technology industries in GTSM and TSE. In addition, in order for a company to practice business ethics, and ensure strong business development, it is essential to maintain a positive relationship with the environment. With concerns about the recent decline of the environment increasing, stakeholders have become more involved in efforts to preserve resources and a negative impact on the environment brings about risks of damaging stakeholder relationships.
See also
Organic growth
Inorganic growth
Growth platforms
Economies of scale
Annual growth rate
Compound annual growth rate
Sustainable growth rate
Chief business development officer
Notes and references
Strategic management
Vasiljevići is a village in the municipality of Ivanjica, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village had a population of 64 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
John Russell was the member of Parliament for Coventry in 1302. He was a city justice.
References
Members of the Parliament of England for Coventry
English MPs 1302
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
English justices of the peace
is a train station in the city of Kurashiki, Okayama Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
Ibara Railway
Ibara Line
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|Ibara Railway
Railway stations in Okayama Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1999
, nicknamed Nomoken, is a Japanese professional basketball player who plays for the Gunma Crane Thunders of the B.League in Japan. The small forward also represented the Japan national basketball team in 2014 and 2016. He tested positive for the coronavirus on November 24, 2020.
FIBA Events Stats
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2009-10
| style="text-align:left;"| Japan U18
| 6 || ||33.30 || .313 ||.385 || .588|| 3.3 || 1.2|| 1.2 || 0.7|| 11.2
|-
|}
Non-FIBA Events Stats
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2013
| style="text-align:left;"| Universiade
| 8 || ||20.20 || .447 ||.500 || .650|| 2.9 ||1.1 || 0.6 || 0.0|| 7.4
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2015
| style="text-align:left;"| Universiade
| 8 || || 19.28 || .367 || .091 || .684|| 3.0 ||1.0 ||0.6 || 0.4 || 6.2
|-
|}
Career statistics
Regular season
|-
| align="left" | 2014-15
| align="left" | Toshiba
| 7 || 0 || 7.9 || 21.1 || 25.0 || 75.0 || 1.3 || 0.1 || 0.4 || 1.0 || 2.3
|-
| align="left" style="background-color:#afe6ba; border: 1px solid gray" | 2015-16†
| align="left" | Toshiba
| 39 || 8 || 10.1 || 38.5 || 14.3 || 76.2 || 1.2|| 0.5 || 0.4|| 1.0|| 2.4
|-
| align="left" | 2016-17
| align="left" | Kawasaki
| 54 || || 9.5 ||52.8 || 0.0 ||58.5 ||1.6 || 0.5 || 0.2 || 0.1 || 3.0
|-
| align="left" | 2017-18
| align="left" | Kawasaki
|56|| || 8.0 ||37.0 || 0.0||55.3 ||1.2 || 0.8 || 0.2 || 0.1 || 1.8
|-
| align="left" | 2018-19
| align="left" | Akita
| 60 ||8 || 10.5 ||45.5 || 0.0 ||56.1 ||1.9 || 0.6 || 0.4 || 0.1 || 2.8
|-
| align="left" | 2019-20
| align="left" | Akita
| 41 ||9 || 13.2 ||40.1 || 14.3 ||65.2 ||2.0 || 1.1 || 0.7 || 0.1 || 3.4
|-
| align="left" | 2020-21
| align="left" | Akita
| 58 ||4 || 14.6 ||.446 || .263 ||.606 ||2.8 || 1.2 || 0.4 || 0.1 || 3.5
|-
|}
Playoffs
|-
|style="text-align:left;"|2014-15
|style="text-align:left;"|Toshiba
| 2 || || 9.0 || .333 || .500 || .000 || 0.5 || 0.0|| 0.0 || 0.0 || 3.0
|-
|style="text-align:left;"|2015-16
|style="text-align:left;"|Toshiba
| 3 || || 3.3 || .000 || .000 || .500 || 0.0 || 0.0|| 0.0 || 0.0 || 0.3
|-
|style="text-align:left;"|2016-17
|style="text-align:left;"|Kawasaki
| 5 || 0 || 7:34 || .500 || .000 || .000 || 1.4 || 0.2|| 0 || 0 || 2.8
|-
|style="text-align:left;"|2017-18
|style="text-align:left;"|Kawasaki
| 2 || 0 || 1:17 || .000 || .000 || .000 || 0.5 || 0|| 0 || 0 || 0
|-
Early cup games
|-
|style="text-align:left;"|2017
|style="text-align:left;"|Kawasaki
| 2 || 2 || 28:00 || .563 || .000 || .500 || 5.5 || 2.5 || 1.0 || 0.5 || 9.5
|-
|style="text-align:left;"|2018
|style="text-align:left;"|Akita
|2 || 0 || 24:40 || .231 || .000 || .750 || 3.5 || 2.0 || 1.0 || 0.0 || 4.5
|-
|style="text-align:left;"|2019
|style="text-align:left;"|Akita
|2 || 0 || 25:04 || .375 || .000 || .000 || 1.0 || 4.0 || 2.0 || 0.0 || 6.0
|-
Preseason games
|-
| align="left" |2018
| align="left" | Akita
| 2 || 0 || 9.3 || .000 ||.000 || .500||2.5 || 1.0|| 0.5|| 0.0 || 0.5
|-
| align="left" |2019
| align="left" | Akita
| 3 || 1 || 15.1 || .500 ||.000 || .833||2.3 || 1.7|| 1.7|| 0.0 || 5.67
|-
Source: Changwon1Changwon2
Source: UtsunomiyaToyamaSendai
William Jones Cup
|-
| align="left" | 2014
| align="left" | Japan
|5|| ||5|| .222|| .000|| .600|| 0.8||0.2 || 0.4|| 0.0|| 1.4
|-
| align="left" | 2016
| align="left" | Japan
|7|| ||14|| .300|| 1.000|| .750|| 2.7||0.4 || 0.0|| 0.0|| 2.3
|-
| align="left" | 2017
| align="left" | Japan
|7|| ||20|| .450|| .000|| .680|| 4.6||1.0 || 0.3|| 0.3|| 7.6
|-
|- class="sortbottom"
! style="text-align:center;" colspan=2| Career
! 19 || || 14 || .377 || .250 || .677 || 2.9 || 0.6|| 0.2 ||0.1 || 4.0
|-
Trivia
His favorite quote is "Nanakorobi Yaoki", meaning "seven times down, eight times up like a daruma doll".
He ate 1,300 grams of rice a day at Kawasaki.
References
External links
Stats
Nomoto with Kawasaki
1992 births
Living people
Akita Northern Happinets players
Japanese men's basketball players
Kawasaki Brave Thunders players
Sportspeople from Hyōgo Prefecture
Sportspeople from Amagasaki
Small forwards
Raphael Andranik Bagoyan (, born 25 March 1948) is an Armenian Politician.
Biography
In 1967, he finished high school and graduated from the Department of Architecture and Construction at Polytechnic Institute in 1973. In the years 1973 to 1990, Raphael worked as an engineer, chief engineer in the Department of Architecture and Planning at Yerevan City Council's Executive Committee, Deputy Chief Architect of Yerevan city, simultaneously supervising the work of the committee of Yerevan Urban Development Council on Engineering Affairs. In 1990, he was elected Deputy of the RA Supreme Council, then in 1991 headed the Executive Committee of the Erebuni District Council.
In 1993, he was appointed RA State Minister and coordinated the works of territorial administrative bodies, the Ministry of Social Security, State Committee for Refugee Affairs, the Pension Fund, meantime heading the activities of the committees of the RA Government Humanitarian Aid Central Commission, providing liaison between the Government of Armenia and Supreme Council, the Government of Armenia and non-government organizations, also heading the committee works over youth and juvenile issues against drug addiction and trafficking. In 1995–1996, he occupied the post of the Minister of Social Security, Employment, Migration and Refugee Affairs of Armenia.
From 1996 to 1997, Bagoyan headed the Central Committee of the Humanitarian Aid of the RA Government and from 1993 to 1997, in cooperation with the United Nations Armenian Office, the European Community Representation, US AID, TASIS, FAR and other international organizations, a number of social related laws and projects were developed and launched as well as the Social Services' Institute was established along with its territorial institutions, the "Paros" system was realized, to be able to organize and implement the process of providing socially vulnerable families with humanitarian aid or other addressed benefits. In October 1997, Bagoyan was elected the Head of Armenia's Consumer Companies Union Board; he took up a lot of transformation activities in the system reconstruction, democratization, making the economy meet the time requirements of the market relations, contributing to the development of economy in the country with the union's help. He has ruled the National Management Board (Armenia being the base country)of the project "Democracy and Development of Consumer Cooperation in the Caucasus Region", realized by the International Cooperative Alliance (ICA), Co-op Network Scandinavia Organizations and Olof Palme International Fund since 1999.
References
1948 births
Living people
Government ministers of Armenia
Labor and Social Affairs ministers of Armenia
Mambwe District is a district of Zambia, located in Eastern Province.
Mambwe District inhabits the Luangwa Valley between the 13th and 14th parallel of south latitude. The Kunda name for this area is the Malambo. The land is bounded on the west by the Luangwa River, on the south by the Lusangazi River and on the north by the Chisitu River.
The capital lies at Mambwe named after the great leader of the Kunda people during their migration from the Congo.
The District is home to the six Kunda chiefdoms under the Kunda chiefs namely: HRH Senior Chief Nsefu, HRH Chief Malama, HRH Chief Msoro, HRH Chief Mnkhanya, HRH Chief Kakumbi and HRH Chief Jumbe.
As of the 2000 Zambian Census, the district had a population of 70,425 people.
The District has 15 Wards and one parliamentary constituency called Malambo Constituency.
References
Districts of Eastern Province, Zambia
Simon Edward Anthony Kimmins (born 26 May 1930) is a former English cricketer. He played for Kent County Cricket Club between 1950 and 1959, making a total of 16 appearances in first-class cricket matches.
Kimmins was born in London in 1930 and attended Charterhouse School where he played in the cricket XI. His father, Anthony Kimmins, was a playwright and film director who served in the Royal Navy during both World Wars.
Kimmins played four times for the Royal Navy in non-first-class matches whilst on National Service in 1950 and made his first-class cricket debut for the Combined Services team against Glamorgan in June 1950. He made his Kent debut later the same year and went on to make 11 further appearances for the county First XI during the 1951 season and two appearances for the Second XI in the Minor Counties Championship, one in 1952 and the last in 1953.
Kimmins played cricket into the 1960s, making first-class appearances for Free Foresters and MCC and touring India and the far-east with EW Swanton's XI in 1964.
References
External links
1930 births
Living people
English cricketers
Kent cricketers
People from Westminster
Sportspeople from London
Marylebone Cricket Club cricketers
Combined Services cricketers
Free Foresters cricketers
The golden-faced tyrannulet (Zimmerius chrysops) is a species of bird belonging to the family Tyrannidae.
It is found in Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and Venezuela.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest. Until recently, it included the Choco tyrannulet, Coopmans's tyrannulet, and Loja tyrannulet as subspecies.
References
golden-faced tyrannulet
Birds of the Colombian Andes
Birds of the Venezuelan Andes
Birds of Ecuador
golden-faced tyrannulet
golden-faced tyrannulet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Fencing master Vincentio Saviolo (d. 1598/9), though Italian born and raised, authored one of the first books on fencing to be available in the English language.
Saviolo was born in Padua. He arrived in London at an unknown date and is first noted as being in England in 1589 when Richard Jones obtained a licence to publish his "Book of Honour". In 1591 John Florio described Saviolo's fencing school as being "in the little street where the well is...at the sign of the red Lyon." It was described by the English gentleman and fencing writer George Silver as being "within a bow shot" of what was later the Bell Savage or la Belle Sauvage, at this time "Savage's inn, otherwise called the Bell on the Hoop" ( Inns and Taverns of Old London by Henry C. Shelley, 1909), on Ludgate Hill. Saviolo's particular nemesis was this George Silver, who wrote his own book in 1599 to defend traditional English Swordsmanship against the encroachment of Italian rapier fencing and in doing so launched a vociferous attack on Saviolo and his system. Silver recounts how Saviolo's associate Jeronimo was killed in a sword fight by an Englishman known only as Cheese, but omits details of Saviolo's death (merely stating that he was dead by the time his own book was published in 1599). This suggests that Saviolo did not die at the hands of another swordsman.
Throughout the 16th century, handbooks became increasingly popular. In 1595, John Wolfe printed Vincentio Saviolo, his practise, in two bookes, the first intreating of the use of the Rapier and Dagger, the second of Honor and honorable quarrels in London. The first part of this work was written as a conversation between Saviolo and an imaginary student (a structure common in 16th-century handbooks). This part undertakes to instruct in the rapier and dagger fencing techniques of Saviolo's day. Saviolo did not teach the lunge, rather recommending circular movement around the opponent in the manner of contemporary Spanish rapier fencers. The second part, Of Honor and Honorable Quarrels, deals with dueling etiquette. Much of the material comes from the works of Girolamo Muzio, written in 1558.
Modern Reconstruction
Despite being written in English, Saviolo's system has not proved as popular to those reconstructing historical rapier fencing as some other systems (such as the Italian rapier fencing systems of Salvator Fabris, Nicoletto Giganti and Ridolfo Capo Ferro. An early exponent of Saviolo's system was Stephen Hand of the Stoccata School of Defence in Australia who published annotated transcriptions of Saviolo's first book in the periodical Hammerterz Forum in the late 1990s and a paper outlining the cultural influences on Saviolo's system in 2002. Other notable practitioners of Saviolo's system include Cecil Longino of Academia Della Spada in Seattle, USA and Chris Chatfield of the 1595 Club in London and Brighton, U.K., Henry Walker and James Wran of Brisbane Swords, Australia.
References
External links
Jared Kirby (ed.), A Gentleman's Guide to Duelling: Of Honour and Honourable Quarrels, Frontline Books (2014), .
An annotated version of Saviolo at ARMA.
A non-annotated version, with an attached article explaining some of the terms used.
An article on Saviolo in London
A factual story out of Saviolo's https://web.archive.org/web/20060108152646/http://www.swordhistory.com/home.html
'the 1595', A UK fencing club studying Saviolo's techniques
Stoccata School of Defence, An Australian fencing club studying Saviolo's system
Academia Della Spada, a US fencing club studying Saviolo's system
A demonstration of Saviolo's techniques by Chris Chatfield and Gray Morris of the 1595 club
A video discussing Silver's comments about Saviolo by Stephen Hand of the Stoccata School of Defence
Saviolo's rapier vs Silver's backsword with Stephen and Lewis Hand of the Stoccata School of Defence
Historical European martial arts
Italian male fencers
Italian non-fiction writers
Italian male non-fiction writers
1590s deaths
The grey monjita (Nengetus cinereus) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae that is the only member of the genus Nengetus. It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Paraguay, Peru, Suriname, and Uruguay. Its natural habitats are dry savanna, subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland, and pastureland.
Taxonomy
This species was formerly placed in the genus Xolmis but was moved to the resurrected genus Nengetus following the publication of a genetic analysis in 2020.
References
grey monjita
Birds of South America
grey monjita
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Articles containing video clips
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
The United Herzlia Schools is an organisation that manages the delivery of separate Jewish education in Cape Town in South Africa.
History
One of the earliest Jewish schools was the Hope Mill Hebrew Public School which was located at the top of Government Avenue, close to the Cape Town Hebrew Congregation. By 1901 it had about 350 students. The school received state assistance from the Cape school board and the school gradually lost its Jewish character.
A Talmud Torah school was established in District Six in 1899 and by 1903 it housed 100 pupils. In 1919, the United Hebrew Schools of Cape Town were established. The school was housed at 101 Hope Street under the principalship of Mr Joseph Homa.
With the arrival of Rabbi Abrahams as Chief Rabbi of the Cape Town Hebrew Congregation, the idea of the Jewish Day School was given new impetus. The first class, which was housed at 101 Hope Street, Cape Town, opened in January 1940.
The first parent committee was established in August 1940 to help stimulate parental support. Thus began the long tradition of active commitment on the part of the parents.
In 1945, it was decided to give the morning school a separate identity from The Hope Street Talmud Torah. It was subsequently given the name Herzlia By 1948, with 225 on the roll and six standards, the problem of space prompted the committee to purchase four and a half acres of land in Highlands Estate but building only began many years later.
In 1955, the school went up to Std 9 with 423 pupils and Myer Katz was appointed Head of Herzlia. Construction began on the Highlands plot. In 1956, the four foundation stones were laid by; Chief Rabbi Professor Abrahams, Max Rabie, Ben Wilder and the fourth (in memory of the late Jacob Gitlin) by Meyer H Goldschmidt.
On 29 April 1957, 560 Herzlians assembled in the new school hall for the first time, The number of pupils soon approached 1000 and a new preparatory school block was built as well as a hostel (currently Highlands Primary) that enabled the country pupils to obtain a Jewish education. They came from as far afield as Upington and Zambia.
In 1976, the Kindergarten classes of Highlands Primary moved into the building which previously housed the school hostel and the upper primary classes joined them in 1978. In 1972, the first sod was turned on the ten acres of land in Kendal Road, Constantia and on 17 July 1973 the completed building was handed over to the new governing body of the school.
Weizmann Primary joined the Herzlia system in 1976 and so it was at that point that the Jewish Day School movement in Cape Town was unified. In 1981 the Middle School was erected on what was previously the school sports field.
Herzlia Schools 2000-2010
Many changes have occurred at the schools over the past decade, including significant changes to the national curriculum and the matriculation examinations.
During 2000, the United Herzlia Schools merged with the Association of Hebrew Pre-Primary Schools. Herzlia has opened playgroups for younger children and also consolidated some of its campuses, integrating the preschools into its schools in the Atlantic and Southern Suburbs regions. The Herzlia Pre-Primary schools are situated in four suburbs of Cape Town, serving families closest to their homes. Herzlia has also absorbed the Sarah Bloch crèche, which provides an aftercare service to families in the area.
The schools are managed in regions by regional principals with the majority of children attending school in the City Bowl region. The Director of Education has direct educational responsibility for all Herzlia schools educationally and is also the public face of Herzlia, while finance and administration is headed by the Director of Finance and Administration who is seated in the administration house.
School Campuses
United Herzlia schools is a School Group that executively runs in Cape Town. Herzlia Pre Primary to Herzlia High School campuses. Campuses that are included in the Herzlia school group are as follows.
Pre-Primary: 18 Months - Gr R
Herzlia Gan Aviv (City Bowl)
Herzlia Alon Ashel (Sea Point)
Herzlia Kerem (Constantia)
Primary: Gr 1 - 6
Herzlia Highlands (City Bowl)
Herzlia Weizmann (Sea Point)
High school: Gr 7 - 12
Herzlia High school (City Bowl)
Controversies
Both the South African and Israeli national anthems are traditionally sung at school events. In November 2018, during the singing of the Israeli anthem during the prize-giving event of the former Herzlia middle school, two Jewish Grade 9 students "took a knee" to protest the Israel government's treatment of Palestinians. In the following days after the students' protest, the UHS board imposed disciplinary action against the two students.
On the 25th of November 2018, in response to the news of disciplinary action being taken against two grade nine learners, a group of Herzlia alumni penned a two-page letter titled “Herzlia Alumni Support Freedom of Thought and Peaceful Expression of Dissent”.
Notable alumni
Herzlia's 7204 alumni are located in all corners of the world. Currently the alumni are spread as follows: 897 live in the United States of America, 212 in Canada, 578 in the United Kingdom, 654 in Israel, 643 in Australia, 25 in New Zealand while the balance live in South Africa and a few other smaller destinations.
Saul Dubow, Smuts Professor of Commonwealth History at the University of Cambridge
Sir Peter Gross member of the Court of Appeal of England and Wales.
Prof Emanuel Derman quantitative analyst, and author of the book My Life as a Quant: Reflections on Physics and Finance
Dr Mitchel Besser HIV activist and husband of Annie Lennox
Dr Michael Hayden Killam Professor of Medical Genetics at the University of British Columbia and Canada Research Chair in Human Genetics and Molecular Medicine.
Ruth Wasserman Lande diplomat, lecturer and social activist
Rabbi Ephraim Mirvis, Chief Rabbi of the United Hebrew Congregations of the Commonwealth, studied at the school between 1968 and 1973
Dr Amanda Weltman theoretical physicist
Gary Schneider photographer known for his portraiture and self-portraits
Anton Fig notable drummer for David Letterman and others
Lisa Swerling artist
Allan Kolski Horwitz poet
Selwyn Selikowitz former Cape High Court Judge
References
External links
Jewish Web South Africa
Jewish schools in South Africa
1957 establishments in South Africa
Jews and Judaism in Cape Town
Education in Cape Town
Jamil Roberts can refer to:
Jamil Roberts (soccer, born 1986), American soccer midfielder
Jamil Roberts (footballer, born 1998), English football forward
In Search of Elusive Little Comets is the debut studio album by Newcastle band Little Comets. The album was released on 31 January 2011, both digitally and physically. It included four singles: "Adultery", "One Night in October", "Isles" and "Joanna". The record received mixed reviews and peaked at number 54 in the UK Albums Chart.
Musical style
The album opens with many "strong kicking choruses...ridden with a funky, feel-good, indie disco pound and tight guitar riffs". It "continues to emphasize Little Comets' variety and eclecticism". In sum, it is "an album containing fun, danceable, eclectic eccentricity, a slick, fresh indie vibe and a concluding powerful ballad".
Track listing
Singles
Charts
Personnel
Robert Coles - Lead Vocals & Guitar
Michael Coles - Lead Guitar
Matthew 'the cat' Hall - Bass
Mark Harle - Drums
References
Little Comets albums
2011 debut albums
The Centro de Educación Artística (CEA) is an entertainment educational institution in Mexico run by that country's major media conglomerate, Televisa. Located at the company's facilities in the San Ángel neighborhood of Mexico City, the school was founded September 26, 1978 and is an incubator for talent working for the network's famed telenovelas, dramas and comedies, along with the Mexican film industry and beyond.
Applicants must be between 17 and 23 years of age, with a very selective process, as only 35 to 40 applicants out of around 5,000 per year are accepted to the three-year program. Tuition for the program is covered by Televisa, and consists of 45 hours per week of coursework and performances. A secondary program is available for younger actors, known as "CEA Infantil".
References
External links
esmas.com, official website of Televisa
Profile
La formación de actores en Televisa
official site for Mexican performer Lorenzo Negrete
Information on CEA Infantil
Televisa
Schools in Mexico
Entertainment in Mexico
Education in Mexico City
Culture in Mexico City
Buildings and structures in Mexico City
Drama schools
Educational institutions established in 1978
1978 establishments in Mexico
The Mixed duet free routine competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held on 24 and 25 June 2022.
Results
The preliminary round was started on 24 June at 10:00. The final was held on 25 June at 13:30.
Green denotes finalists
References
Mixed duet free routine
Mthembu v Letsela and Another, an important case in South African customary law, was heard in the Transvaal Provincial Division by Le Roux J on 21 November 1996, with judgment handed down on 25 November.
The rule of African customary law which generally excludes African women from intestate succession was recognised by section 23 of the Black Administration Act and the regulations framed thereunder, especially regulation 2, promulgated on 6 February 1987, in Government Gazette 10601, as Government Notice R200, making black law and custom applicable to the devolution of the estate of a deceased black person. It was common cause in the present case that this system applied the principle of a male primogeniture: The estate sought a male heir, whether a descendant or a parent or a grandparent.
The question that had to be considered was whether this rule of succession unfairly discriminated between persons on grounds of sex or gender, and was in conflict with the provisions of section 8 of the Interim Constitution. It was common cause that, in rural areas where this customary rule most frequently found its application, the devolution of the deceased's property unto the male heir involved a concomitant duty of support and protection of the woman or women to whom he was married by customary law, and of the children procreated under that system and belonging to a particular house. A widow in particular might remain at the deceased's homestead and continue to use the estate property, and the heir could not eject her at his whim.
If it was accepted that the duty to provide sustenance, maintenance and shelter is a necessary corollary of the system of primogeniture, the court found, it was difficult to equate this form of differentiation between men and women with the concept of "unfair discrimination" as used in section 8 of the Constitution. In view of the manifest acknowledgement of customary law as a system existing parallel to the common law by the Constitution, and the freedom granted to persons to choose this system as governing their relationships, it could not be accepted that the succession rule was necessarily in conflict with section 8. Nor was it contrary to public policy or natural justice as envisaged in the Law of Evidence Amendment Act.
There are, the court noted, other instances where a rule differentiates between men and women, but which no right-minded person considers to be unfairly discriminatory: for example, the provision of separate toilet facilities. It followed that, even if this rule of succession were prima facie discriminatory on the grounds of sex or gender, and the presumption contained in section 8(4) of the Interim Constitution were to come into operation, this presumption had been refuted by the concomitant duty of support. The rights conferred by this customary rule were not inconsistent with the fundamental rights contained in chapter 3 of the Interim Constitution and the injunction found in section 33(3) could accordingly be implemented: namely, to construe the chapter in such a way as not to negate those rights.
The judgment in Mthembu v Letsela was overturned by the Constitutional Court in Bhe v Magistrate, Khayelitsha in which the customary principle of primogeniture was found to be unconstitutional.
See also
Customary law
Customary law in South Africa
References
Mthembu v Letsela and Another 1997 (2) SA 936 (T). 2000 Case 71/98 SAFLII
Notes
1996 in South African law
1996 in case law
Transvaal Provincial Division cases
South African customary case law
Dorcadion tibiale is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Jakovlev in 1890. It is known from China and Central Asia.
See also
Dorcadion
References
tibiale
Beetles described in 1890
Toxicologic Pathology is a peer-reviewed academic journalcovering the field of toxicology. The editor-in-chief is Kevin A. Keane, a toxicologic pathologist employed at (Novo Nordisk A/S, Måløv, Denmark). It was established in 1972 and is published by SAGE Publications in association with the Society of Toxicologic Pathology, the British Society of Toxicological Pathology, and the European Society of Toxicologic Pathology.
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Scopus and the Science Citation Index Expanded. According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2018 impact factor of 1.382.
References
External links
Society of Toxicologic Pathology
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Toxicology journals
Publications established in 1972
Pathology journals
Juliet Catherine Emma Soskice (née Hueffer; 1881–1944) was an English translator and writer.
Life
She was the daughter of Francis Hueffer and Catherine Madox Brown, and younger sister of the novelist Ford Madox Ford who was born in 1873. After her father died in 1889, there were changes in the household. The legal position was that Charles Rowley and Theodore Watts acted as trustees.
Juliet lived in London with Lucy Madox Brown, her mother's older half-sister and her husband William Michael Rossetti. Her mother went to live with Ford Madox Brown, her father, with her sons Ford and Oliver. The houses were two doors apart.
Juliet was therefore brought up with the Rossetti children, including Olivia, Gabriel Arthur and Helen. In the early 1890s she and Ford knew Edward Garnett and his sister Olive, the children of Richard Garnett. The Hueffer, Garnett and Rossetti families were close, and in London's St Edmund's Terrace near Regent's Park were at times in the 1890s neighbours.
In her youth Juliet was known as a musician. She later turned to literature. The relationships between the families evolved: Juliet remained close to the Rossettis, but her brothers didn't, and the Rossetti children protected their political activities, anarchist and socialist, from casual attention. The brothers also distanced themselves from the Garnetts and their Surrey home at Limpsfield, which they found too closely aligned to the Fabian Society. Juliet's future husband David Soskice entered this circle through the Garnetts finding him a house near Limpsfield Chart in 1898.
Works
In 1917, Soskice translated the long poem Who Can Be Happy and Free in Russia? by Nikolai Nekrasov. Other works included:
The Torch Bearers of Bohemia (1916), translator from the 1907 novel Svetochi Chekhii by Vera Ivanovna Kryzhanovskaia.
Chapters from Childhood: Reminiscences of an Artist's Granddaughter (1921), memoirs.
Poems by Nicholas Nekrasov (London, 1929), translator.
Short stories, as "J. Saturin", published in the English Review.
Five novels.
She assisted Constance Garnett in translations from Russian. Rebecca West's last novel The Birds Fall Down (1966) is based on the life of Yevno Azef, and West acknowledged influence on it by Ford Madox Ford as well as Juliet Soskice, whom she calls a "pioneer translator" from Russian and the original source from which she heard Azef's story.
Family
In 1902, Juliet married the revolutionary journalist David Soskice (1866–1941), as his second wife. The couple appear as Cyril Brandetski and Ophelia Bransdon in her brother's 1911 novel The Simple Life Limited. They had three sons, one being Frank Soskice. David had a son Victor by his first wife Anna Sophia Johansen, a marriage which ended in divorce in August 1902.
Notes
1881 births
1944 deaths
English translators
English writers
Scifentology II is American hip hop artist Yak Ballz's second full-length album. It features production from Aesop Rock, Mondee, the late Camu Tao, Chapter 7, Adept and Chris Maestro. Guest features include Cage, Tame One, Peter Toh, Thomas Phenomas and Slow Suicide Stimulus. Full color art work by graffiti graphic artist Ewok One 5MH.
Track listing
Notes and references
2008 albums
Yak Ballz albums
Albums produced by Aesop Rock
ISO 3166-2:HM is the entry for Heard Island and McDonald Islands in ISO 3166-2, part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which defines codes for the names of the principal subdivisions (e.g., provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.
Currently no ISO 3166-2 codes are defined in the entry for Heard Island and McDonald Islands. The territory has no defined subdivisions.
Heard Island and McDonald Islands is officially assigned the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code .
External links
ISO Online Browsing Platform: HM
Heard and McDonald Islands, Statoids.com
2:HM
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Bianca Maria is a feminine given name, a combination of the Italian name Bianca, which means "white" and is a cognate of the medieval name Blanche and of Maria, a Latin form of the Greek name Μαριαμ or Mariam or Maria, found in the New Testament. The combination name Bianca Maria was the name of early queens or noble women such as Bianca Maria Sforza and Bianca Maria Visconti. The name is still well-used in Italy and Romania, among other countries.
Notes
Italian feminine given names
Romanian feminine given names
Mark Norris (born 1962) is an Alberta politician, former MLA and candidate for the leadership of the Progressive Conservatives.
Norris was born and raised in Edmonton, Alberta and earned his Bachelor of Arts in political science from St. Francis Xavier University in Nova Scotia.
He returned to Edmonton following his university years and purchased from his father Paul J. Norris, in 1990, an advertising and sign manufacturing company.
Norris won a seat in the Alberta legislature in 2001 provincial election as the MLA for Edmonton McClung, becoming a celebrated figure within the party for doing so because he had defeated former Tory leadership candidate-turned-Liberal leader Nancy MacBeth. Norris served as the Minister of Economic Development in the Albertan Cabinet under Premier Ralph Klein, but became the only cabinet minister to lose his seat in the 2004 provincial election.
Norris does not rule Alberta separatism out as an option. He told the Calgary Sun in March 2006 that under his leadership, if a future federal government persisted in bringing in policies harmful to Alberta such as a carbon tax, "(Alberta is) going to take steps to secede."
On May 30, 2006, Norris became an official candidate in the race to replace Ralph Klein as Premier of Alberta. On the first ballot, he finished sixth of eight candidates, capturing 6.9% of the vote, and was required to withdraw from the race. He subsequently endorsed eventual winner Ed Stelmach.
See also
Wescorp Energy
References
1962 births
Living people
Members of the Executive Council of Alberta
Politicians from Edmonton
Progressive Conservative Association of Alberta MLAs
21st-century Canadian politicians
Christopher Brian McCombs (born 25 August 1980) is an American actor and model. He is the creator, star, writer, and producer of the Japanese on demand series The Benza and its spin off series Benza English on Amazon Prime Video. He is known for portraying Michael in the Netflix original series Followers, and for stage roles such as Hoteye in the live action production of Fairy Tail. McCombs is fluent in Japanese, and has won several acting awards for his performances in English and Japanese alike.
Early life
McCombs was born in Geneva, Ohio and moved to Cleveland with his mother, teacher Karen Callahan, at a young age. He began acting and modeling professionally in high school at the age of fifteen when his gifted education teacher pushed him into auditioning for shows.
He credits his father, David McCombs, for his interest in the Japanese language. When he was a child, his father bought him and his brother a Super Famicom and he began playing video games in Japanese. This led to his interest in formally studying the language as an adult.
Career
McCombs moved to Tokyo, Japan in 2010 after studying Japanese at the College of Southern Nevada and University of Las Vegas. Though he initially went to Tokyo to work as a model, he began working in variety television shows and appeared regularly on MX Television's Go Ji Ni Muchu for a year. In addition, McCombs appeared as a regular cast member on educational television shows like NHK E Television's EiEiGo!, Shigoto no Kiso Eigo, and Omotenashi no Kiso Eigo.
In 2016, in both the Chinese and Japanese stage production of the manga series Fairy Tail, McCombs portrayed the character Hoteye. In 2020, McCombs played the recurring role of Michael in the Netflix series Followers.
Since 2017, McCombs appears weekly as the host of Television Asahi's Kodawari Navi. He appears as himself semi-regularly as a guest commentator on NHK1's Bento Expo. He occasionally works as a reporter for NHK World on JTrip Japan.
McCombs is the creator, writer, and star of The Benza, a Japanese on demand television series which began streaming in 2019. Additionally, he created the spin-off series Benza English in 2020, and wrote the story and dialog for a retro RPG video game based on The Benza, called The Benza RPG.
Tokyo Cowboys
In 2015, McCombs founded the Tokyo-based independent production company Tokyo Cowboys to help create better roles for foreigners wanting to work in entertainment in Japan, regardless of race, gender, or sexual preference. McCombs acts as both producer and head scriptwriter.
Though originally focused on making short films, like the award-winning LGBT short “The Actor and the Model”, Tokyo Cowboys began making serialized entertainment in 2019 with The Benza on Amazon Prime Video.
He is quoted by SoraNews24 as saying, "I had only been here for six years but I had already realized that the quality of roles for foreigners in Japan were not (and are not) very good. Lost gaijin, loud gaijin, rude gaijin...To make matters worse, there is a lot of confusion in Japanese culture as to who is 'talento' [celebrities who often appear on TV as themselves] and who is an 'actor.' So, when you are appearing as an actor and playing the fool, it is often mistaken for 'talento.' People assume you are...a fool."
Filmography
Television
Film
Video Games
Theater
Awards
Able to perform in both Japanese and English, McCombs has won several awards for his acting. Most notably, he won Best Actor for his role in the Japanese short film The Actor and the Model at Formosa Festival of International Film in Taiwan as well as the Rising Star award at the 2018 Seoul Webfest in Korea and the Best Actor award at the 2019 edition for his leading role in the television series The Benza.
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
American television writers
American male television writers
American male television actors
American television producers
Male models from Ohio
American expatriates in Japan
American television personalities
Expatriate television personalities in Japan
American male video game actors
21st-century American male actors
Mister Chile is a national beauty pageant that selects Chile's representative to the male pageants. The Ft Model Chile organizes the pageant since 2009. Felipe Toledo Gaete is the current director of the Mister Chile competition.
Titleholders
Color key
Representatives at Mister International
Color key
The winner of Mister Chile represents Chile at the Mister International pageant. On occasion, when the winner does not qualify (due to age) for either contest, a runner-up is sent.
Representatives at Mister Global
Color key
See also
Miss Universo Chile
References
External links
Official website
Beauty pageants in Chile
2009 establishments in Chile
Chilean awards
Male beauty pageants
Mister Global by country
Siragi () is a rural locality (a selo) in Gubdensky Selsoviet, Karabudakhkentsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 602 as of 2010. There are 3 streets.
Geography
Siragi is located 39 km southeast of Karabudakhkent (the district's administrative centre) by road. Dzhanga and Leninkent are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Karabudakhkentsky District
Old Town Historic District may refer to:
in the United States
(by state then city)
Old Town Historic District (Huntsville, Alabama), listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP)
Old Town Historic District (Selma, Alabama), NRHP-listed
Old Town, Eureka, California, NRHP-listed
Monterey Old Town Historic District, Monterey, California, listed on the NRHP in California
Old Towne, Orange Historic District, Orange, California, NRHP-listed
Old Town San Diego State Historic Park, San Diego, California, NRHP-listed
Old Town Fort Collins, Fort Collins, Colorado, listed on the NRHP in Colorado
Old Town Hall Commercial Historic District, Wilmington, Delaware, NRHP-listed
Historic Old Town Commercial District, Lake Worth Beach, Florida, NRHP-listed
Old Town Sebastian Historic District, East, Sebastian, Florida, NRHP-listed
Old Town Sebastian Historic District, West, Sebastian, Florida, NRHP-listed
Brunswick Old Town, Brunswick, Georgia, listed on the NRHP in Georgia
Brunswick Old Town Historic District, Brunswick, Georgia, listed on the NRHP in Georgia
Old Town Triangle Historic District, Chicago, Illinois, listed on the NRHP in Illinois
Old Town Historic District (Ames, Iowa), listed on the NRHP in Iowa
Old Town Historic District (Hartford, Kentucky), listed on the NRHP in Kentucky
Boxborough Old Town Center, Boxborough, Massachusetts, listed on the NRHP in Massachusetts
Old Town Center Historic District, Eastham, Massachusetts, listed on the NRHP in Massachusetts
Old Town Historic District (North Attleborough, Massachusetts), listed on the NRHP in Massachusetts
Old Town Hall Historic District (Salem, Massachusetts), listed on the NRHP in Massachusetts
Old Town Historic District (Kansas City, Missouri), listed on the NRHP in Missouri
Old Town Residential Historic District (Las Vegas, New Mexico), listed on the NRHP in New Mexico
Old Town Green Historic District, Huntington, New York, listed on the NRHP in New York
Old Town Hall Historic District (Huntington, New York), listed on the NRHP in New York
Old Town Plantation, Battleboro, North Carolina, listed on the NRHP in North Carolina
Old Town Historic District (Bend, Oregon), listed on the NRHP in Oregon
Portland Skidmore/Old Town Historic District, Portland, OR, listed on the NRHP in Oregon
Old Town Historic District (Clearfield, Pennsylvania), listed on the NRHP in Pennsylvania
Museums and historical sites (Bluffton, SC)
Old Town (Franklin, Tennessee), listed on the NRHP in Tennessee
Old Town Historic District (Arlington, Texas), listed on the NRHP in Texas
Old Town Residential Historic District (Palestine, Texas), listed on the NRHP in Texas
Old Town Historic District (Harrisonburg, Virginia), listed on the NRHP in Virginia
Petersburg Old Town Historic District, Petersburg, Virginia, listed on the NRHP in Virginia
Ravenswood "Old Town" Historic District, Ravenswood, West Virginia, listed on the NRHP in West Virginia
See also
Old Town (disambiguation)
Old Town Hall Historic District (disambiguation)
Old Town Residential Historic District (disambiguation)
Zharma (, ) is a district of East Kazakhstan Region in eastern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the selo of Qalbatau (, Georgiyevka). Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
East Kazakhstan Region
The Swiss Footballer of the Year is an annual award given to the best footballer based in Switzerland and the best Swiss national team player.
From the 1972–73 season until the 1997–98 season, the award was chosen by the now defunct Swiss newspaper Sport. Since the original award could only be won by a Swiss national, there was also a Foreigner of the Year award from 1973–74 until 1997–98.
Since 1998, two Player of the Year trophies have been awarded each year; one to the best player in the Swiss Super League known as the Axpo Swiss Super League Player of the Year and one to the best national team player known as the Credit Suisse Player of the Year.
Award winners
Swiss Super League Player of the Year
Awarded annually to the best player in the Swiss Super League.
Swiss Player of the Year
Awarded to the best player of the Swiss National Team.
Sport Nationalliga A award
1975−1998: Foreigner of the Year
Previously awarded annually to the best foreign player in the Nationalliga A.
1973−1998: Swiss Footballer of the Year
Previously awarded to the best Swiss player playing in the Swiss Super League.
References
External links
Switzerland - Footballer of the Year on RSSSF
Player of the Year
Association football player of the year awards by nationality
Awards established in 1973
Footballer of the Year
1973 establishments in Switzerland
1998 disestablishments in Switzerland
Awards disestablished in 1998
Annual events in Switzerland
Association football player non-biographical articles
Natal homing, or natal philopatry, is the homing process by which some adult animals return to their birthplace to reproduce. This process is primarily used by aquatic animals, such as sea turtles and Pacific salmon. Scientists believe that the main cues used by the animals are geomagnetic imprinting and olfactory cues. The benefits of returning to the precise location of an animal's birth may be largely associated with its safety and suitability as a breeding ground. When seabirds, like the Atlantic puffin, return to their natal breeding colony, which are mostly on islands, they are assured of a suitable climate and a sufficient lack of land-based predators.
Sea turtles born in any one area differ genetically from turtles born in other areas. The newly hatched young head out to sea and soon find suitable feeding grounds, and it has been shown that it is to these feeding areas that they return rather than to the actual beach on which they started life. Salmon start their lives in freshwater streams and eventually travel down-river and are washed out to sea. Their ability to travel back, several years later, to the river system in which they were spawned is thought to be linked to olfactory cues, the "taste" of the water. Atlantic bluefin tuna spawn on both the east and west shores of the Atlantic Ocean but intermingle as they feed in mid-ocean. Juvenile tuna that have been tagged have clearly shown that they almost invariably return to the side of the Atlantic on which they were spawned.
Various theories have been put forward as to how the animals find their way home. The geomagnetic imprinting hypothesis holds that they are imprinted with the unique magnetic field that exists in their natal area. This is a plausible theory but has not been proven to occur. Pacific salmon are known to be imprinted on the water chemistry of their home river, a fact that has been confirmed experimentally. They may use geomagnetic information to get close to the coast and then pick up the olfactory cues. Some animals may make navigational errors and end up in the wrong location. If they successfully breed in these new sites, the animal will have widened its breeding base which may ultimately increase the species' chances of survival. Other, unknown means of navigation may be involved, and further research is needed.
Sea turtles
There are several different kinds of marine animals that demonstrate natal homing. The most commonly known is the sea turtle. Loggerhead sea turtles are thought to show two different types of homing. The first of which comes in the early stages of life. When first heading out to sea, the animals are carried out by tides and currents with little swimming involved. Recent studies now show that the animals demonstrate homing to feeding grounds near their natal birthplace.
Turtles of a specific natal beach show differences in their mitochondrial DNA haplotypes that distinguish them from turtles of other nesting areas. Many turtles from the same beaches show up at the same feeding areas. Once reaching sexual maturity in the Atlantic Oceans, the female Loggerhead makes the long trip back to her natal beach to lay her eggs. The Loggerhead sea turtle in the North Atlantic cover more than 9,000 miles round trip to lay eggs on the North American shore.
Salmon
The migration of North Pacific Salmon from the ocean to their freshwater spawning habitat is one of the most extreme migrations in the animal kingdom. The life cycle of a salmon begins in a freshwater stream or river that dumps into the ocean. After spending four or five years in the ocean and reaching sexual maturity, many salmon return to the same streams they were born in to spawn. There are several hypotheses on how salmon are able to do this.
One hypothesis is that they use both chemical and geomagnetic cues that allow them to return to their birthplace. The Earth's magnetic field may help the fish navigate the ocean to find the spawning region. From there, the animal locates where the river dumps into the sea with the chemical cues unique to the fish's natal stream.
Other hypotheses rely on the fact that salmon have an extremely strong sense of smell. One hypothesis states that salmon retain an imprint of the odor of their natal stream as they are migrating downstream. Using this memory of the odor, they are able to return to the same stream years later.
Another smell-related hypothesis states that the young salmon release a pheromone as they migrate downstream, and are able to return the same stream years later by smelling the pheromone they released.
Bluefin tuna
Atlantic bluefin tuna spawn on both the east and west shores of the Atlantic Ocean. When a bluefin tuna hatches, there is a chemical imprint in the animal's otoliths based on the water's chemical properties. Fish born in different regions will show clear differences here. Studies of the commercial fishing industry in the United States show that the population of bluefin tuna in the North Atlantic is made up of fish hailing from both coasts. While the fish may live in close proximity out in the Atlantic, they return to their natal region to spawn. Electronic tagging done over several years showed that 95.8 percent of the yearlings tagged in the Mediterranean Sea returned there to spawn. Results for the Gulf of Mexico were 99.3 percent. With the overfishing of this species, scientists have much to learn about their spawning habits in order to sustain the population for both a reliable food source and a healthy ecosystem.
Atlantic puffins
Atlantic puffins spend the winter at sea and then return to the places of their birth, as has been shown by ringing birds. The breeding sites are usually inhospitable clifftops and uninhabited islands. Birds that were removed as chicks and released elsewhere were found to show fidelity to their point of liberation rather than to their birthplace.
Navigational tools
Geomagnetic imprinting
One idea about how animals accomplish natal homing is that they imprint on the unique magnetic field that exists in their natal area and then use this information to return years later. This idea is known as the "geomagnetic imprinting hypothesis" The concept was developed in a 2008 paper that sought to explain how sea turtles and salmon can return to their home areas after migrating hundreds or thousands of kilometers away
In animal behavior, the term "imprinting" refers to a special type of learning. Exact definitions of imprinting vary, but important aspects of the process include the following: (1) the learning occurs during a particular, critical period, usually early in the life of the animal; (2) the effects last a long time; and (3) the effects cannot be easily modified. For natal homing, the concept is that animals like sea turtles and salmon imprint on the magnetic field of their home area when young, and then use this information to return years later.
Geomagnetic imprinting has not been proven to occur, but it appears to be plausible for several reasons. The earth's magnetic field varies across the globe in such a way that different geographic areas have different magnetic fields associated with them. Also, sea turtles have a well-developed magnetic sense and can detect both the intensity (strength) of the Earth's field and the inclination angle (angle at which the field lines intersect the earth's surface). Thus, it is plausible that sea turtles, and maybe salmon also, can recognize their home areas using the distinctive magnetic fields that exist there.
Chemical cues and olfactory imprinting
Pacific salmon are known to imprint on the chemical signature of their home river. This information helps salmon find their home river once they reach the coast from the open sea. In most cases, chemical cues from rivers are not thought to extend very far out into the ocean. Thus, salmon probably use two different navigational systems in sequence when they migrate from the open sea to their spawning grounds. The first one, possibly based on the earth's magnetic field (see Geomagnetic Imprinting above), is used in the open ocean and probably brings salmon close to their home river. Once they are close to the home river, salmon can use olfactory (chemical) signals to find their spawning area.
Many of the classical studies demonstrating olfactory imprinting in salmon were carried out by Arthur Hasler and his colleagues. In one particularly famous experiment, young salmon were imprinted with artificial chemicals and were released into the wild to perform their normal migrations. Almost all of the young fish returned to the same stream that had also been artificially imprinted with the same chemicals, proving that the fish do use chemical cues to return to their natal region.
Effect of thermal pollution on natal homing (chum salmon)
Thermal pollution, which refers to the degradation of water quality by changing the ambient water temperature, has a serious effect on natal homing of Chum salmon. Chum salmon is a typical cold water fish that prefer water around 10 degrees Celsius. When water temperature is raised due to thermal pollution, Chum salmon tends to dive into deep water for thermoregulation. This reduces the time Chum salmon spent in surface water column and reduce the chance for Chum salmon to approach natal river since the chemical cue for natal homing is concentrated on surface water.
Evolution
It has been studied and recorded by scientists that at a beach in eastern Mexico, where Kemp's ridley turtles nest, a navigational error from the inclination angle over a period of one decade would lead the turtles only within an average of from their natal region. Other locations resulted in navigational errors of over one hundred kilometers in the same period of time. Results from this study show that the navigational tool of geomagnetic imprinting is believed to only navigate the marine animals close to where they were born and then the animals rely on chemical cues of the tributaries and rivers to direct them to back to their birthplace.
These navigational errors have actually strengthened the evolutionary trait of natal homing for marine animals by resulting in some animals straying from their birthplace. Most animals return to their natal region because they know it is a safe place to lay their eggs. These regions will usually have few predators, the correct temperature and climate, and will have the right type of sand for turtles because they cannot lay eggs in wet and muddy environments.
The few animals that do not return to their natal region and stray to other places to reproduce will provide the species with a variety of different locations of reproduction, so if the original natal locations have changed, the species will have expanded to more places and will ultimately increase the species' survival chances.
Future research
Although scientists have been studying marine animals that perform natal homing for years, they are still not positive that geomagnetic imprinting and chemical cues are the only navigational tools they use for their incredible migrations. There is still much more research to be done until scientists can fully understand how these animals can travel such great distances to reproduce. Fortunately, as technology has progressed, there are several tools now available to scientists such as data loggers equipped with magnetometers that can easily be attached to the animals. Not only do they give data showing the animal relative to the Earth's magnetic field, but some also give latitude based on this, longitude based on light levels, temperature, depth, etc. Pop-up satellite archival tags are used to gather data and have the ability to transfer this data via Argos System satellites to the scientist.
See also
Philopatry
Salmon run
Notes
References
Ethology
Dave Heeley , a father-of-three from West Bromwich, who is nicknamed Blind Dave, is the first blind person to complete the seven-marathon challenge, doing so in 2008.
The first marathon was in the Falkland Islands, via Rio de Janeiro, Los Angeles, Sydney, Dubai, Tunis and culminating at the Flora London Marathon. Heeley was aged 50 at the time of his achievement.
Heeley, from West Bromwich, has run 10 marathons in 10 days travelling from John O'Groats to Land's End, and cycled between each stage. Prior to the 2012 Olympics in London, Heeley carried the Olympic Torch on a 300-metre stretch of the relay in Cobridge, Stoke-on-Trent, on 31 May 2012, before taking part in the opening ceremony of the Paralympics on 29 August 2012.
In 2012, National Express West Midlands named a bus Dave Heeley in Heeley's honour. He has since taken part in 7inSeven, a 700-mile week-long bike ride between Zurich and Birmingham in aid of Help Harry Help Others.
In late 2016, UK film production company, Pixel Revolution Films announced that they were producing a film titled "7 Days" based on the life of Dave Heeley and his experiences completing the 2008 seven-marathon challenge.
The film will be released in 2019 and is directed by Ian and Dominic Higgins and produced by Nigel Martin Davey.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Sportspeople with a vision impairment
Sportspeople from West Bromwich
Blind people from England
Kornilovskaya () is a station on the Troitskaya line of the Moscow Metro which is currently under construction. It will open in 2023. Before October 2021 it was known as Mamyri (. The new name was given after Admiral Kornilov Street nearby.
Gallery
References
Moscow Metro stations
Troitskaya line
Non-recurring engineering (NRE) cost refers to the one-time cost to research, design, develop and test a new product or product enhancement. When budgeting for a new product, NRE must be considered to analyze if a new product will be profitable. Even though a company will pay for NRE on a project only once, NRE costs can be prohibitively high and the product will need to sell well enough to produce a return on the initial investment. NRE is unlike production costs, which must be paid constantly to maintain production of a product. It is a form of fixed cost in economics terms. Once a system is designed any number of units can be manufactured without increasing NRE cost.
NRE can be also formulated and paid via another commercial term called Royalty Fee. The Royalty Fee could be a percentage of sales revenue or profit or combination of these two, which have to be incorporated in a mid to long term agreement between technology supplier and the OEM.
In a project-type (manufacturing) company, large parts (possibly all) of the project represent NRE. In this case the NRE costs are likely to be included in the first project's costs, this can also be called research and development (R&D). If the firm cannot recover these costs, it must consider funding part of these from reserves, possibly take a project loss, in the hope that the investment can be recovered from further profit on future projects.
The concept of full product NRE as described above may lead readers to believe that NRE expenses are unnecessarily high. However, focused NRE wherein small amounts of NRE money can yield large returns by making existing product changes is an option to consider as well. A small adjustment to an existing assembly may be considered, in order to use a less expensive or improved subcomponent or to replace a subcomponent which is no longer available. In the world of embedded firmware, NRE may be invested in code development to fix problems or to add features where the costs to implement are a very small percentages of an immediate return. Chrysler found such a way to repair a transmission problem by investing trivial NRE dollars into computer firmware to fix a mechanical problem to save some tens of millions of dollars in mechanical repairs to transmissions in the field.
NRE-concepts-as-financial-investments are loss control tools considered part of manufacturing profit enhancement.
References
External links
costs by Daniel Shefer - a short explanation of NRE
Product lifecycle management
Engineering concepts
Joy M. Bergelson is an American evolutionary biologist. She is currently the Dorothy Schiff Professor of Genomics at New York University. Bergelson was previously and James D. Watson Distinguished Service Professor of Ecology and Evolution at the University of Chicago, where she chaired the department for ecology and evolution. Her research focuses on the evolution and ecology of plants.
Education and career
Bergelson graduated from Brown University with an ScB in Biology in 1984. She went on to further study as a Marshall Scholar at the University of York, receiving an MPhil in Biology in 1986 and a PhD in Zoology from the University of Washington in 1990. Bergelson worked as a demonstrator in Ecology at the University of Oxford, before joining the faculty of the Washington University in St. Louis in 1992. She left St. Louis for Chicago in 1994.
She served as the section chair for Biology of the American Association for the Advancement of Science in 2012.
Research
Bergelson is known for her research on the model plant species Arabidopsis thaliana, its ecology and the evolution of plant-pathogen interactions. Her early research examined interactions between insects and trees, spatial patterns in trees and weeds, and the energetic cost to plants to resist insects. Subsequently she examined genetic variation in Arabidopsis thaliana, the genetic basis for disease resistance in plants, and polymorphisms in Arabidopsis. Bergelson's research has also examined genetic adaptations in plants to recent climate change.
Selected publications
Honors and awards
Elected fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science in 2004
Elected fellow of the National Academy of Sciences in 2018
Elected fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2020
References
External links
Alumni of the University of York
20th-century American biologists
21st-century American biologists
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
University of Chicago faculty
Brown University alumni
University of Washington alumni
Marshall Scholars
American women biologists
Evolutionary biologists
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
Women evolutionary biologists
Washington University in St. Louis faculty
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American women
Artur Rolén (1894–1972) was a Swedish stage and film actor. He acted prolifically in Swedish cinema for several decades as a character actor. He had a long-running role as Klabbarparn in the Åsa-Nisse comedy series.
Selected filmography
The Outlaw and His Wife (1918)
The Österman Brothers' Virago (1932)
Fridolf in the Lion's Den (1933)
Whalers (1939)
Nothing But the Truth (1939)
Frestelse (1940)
Kiss Her! (1940)
The Bjorck Family (1940)
The Crazy Family (1940)
Lärarinna på vift (1941)
Woman on Board (1941)
Dunungen (1941)
The Train Leaves at Nine (1941)
The Poor Millionaire (1941)
Ride Tonight! (1942)
The Sin of Anna Lans (1943)
Men of the Navy (1943)
There's a Fire Burning (1943)
Captured by a Voice (1943)
In Darkest Smaland (1943)
The Brothers' Woman (1943)
A Girl for Me (1943)
The Sixth Shot (1943)
The Forest Is Our Heritage (1944)
Skipper Jansson (1944)
Blizzard (1944)
The Girls in Smaland (1945)
The Österman Brothers' Virago (1945)
Meeting in the Night (1946)
Harald the Stalwart (1946)
Affairs of a Model (1946)
Two Women (1947)
Poor Little Sven (1947)
Rail Workers (1947)
Soldier's Reminder (1947)
The Girl from the Marsh Croft (1947)
A Swedish Tiger (1948)
Life at Forsbyholm Manor (1948)
Lars Hård (1948)
Vagabond Blacksmiths (1949)
Woman in White (1949)
Realm of Man (1949)
Sven Tusan (1949)
Åsa-Nisse (1949)
Dangerous Spring (1949)
Åsa-Nisse Goes Hunting (1950)
Andersson's Kalle (1950)
When Love Came to the Village (1950)
Restaurant Intim (1950)
Fiancée for Hire (1950)
Åsa-Nisse on Holiday (1953)
Speed Fever (1953)
Ursula, the Girl from the Finnish Forests (1953)
The Red Horses (1954)
Åsa-Nisse in Military Uniform (1958)
Åsa-Nisse as a Policeman (1960)
Åsa-Nisse på Mallorca (1962)
References
Bibliography
Cowie, Peter Françoise Buquet, Risto Pitkänen & Godfried Talboom. Scandinavian Cinema: A Survey of the Films and Film-makers of Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway, and Sweden. Tantivy Press, 1992.
Furhammar, Leif. Filmen i Sverige: en historia i tio kapitel. Wiken, 1993.
External links
1894 births
1972 deaths
Swedish male film actors
Swedish male silent film actors
Swedish male stage actors
20th-century Swedish male actors
Actors from Gothenburg
The Murray River bridge is a heritage-listed road bridge that carries Main Road across the Murray River located at Barham in the Murray River Council local government area of New South Wales, Australia. It was designed by Department of Public Works and built in 1904 by John Monash. The bridge is also known as the Barham Bridge over Murray River and the Barham bridge. The bridge is owned by the Murray River Council and was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 20 June 2000.
History
The Murray around Barham was settled by graziers, mainly from Victoria, in the 1840s. By 1850 all the really desirable water-frontages on both sides of the Murray had been taken up as far upstream as Barham while the open plain to the north in New South Wales was only notionally divided into undeveloped backblocks. Barham station itself (named after the maiden name of the wife of the first grazier, E. B. Green, had a frontage on the Murray, carrying a modest head of cattle in the mid-Victorian period under a series of owners. With similar developments on the Loddon River, which converges with the Murray north of Barham, a crossing of the Murray was needed and a ferry was provided for stock and people.
In 1902 it was agreed that a bridge with a lift span should be built, thanks to local political pressure on both the NSW and Commonwealth governments. The first piles were driven in 1903 and the bridge opened in 1905.
Barham lies in the Wakool Irrigation District, opened in 1935. This was the first such district in the state, with extensive, partial irrigation designed to provide water for the maximum number of graziers to ensure a regular supply of fattened lambs. In 1949 an intensive irrigation area within the district made rice farming feasible, increasing local heavy traffic. there have been particularly severe problems from salientian, however, in the last quarter-century.
Description
Barham bridge is timber truss, steel lift span, bridge, generally two lanes wide across the Murray River between Barham in NSW and Koondrook in Victoria. The main axis of the bridge is northsouth.
There are three main spans including one lift span, supported on cast iron piers. There is one timber approach span at each end, supported on timber trestle piers. The lift span is of lattice steel construction, both the for tower and the main girder. The design is similar to that developed by Percy Allan and first used at nine years previously, but shows some variation from that layout, and those used later at Tooleybuc and Abbotsford bridges.
The Barham Bridge has the counterweights on the main axis side of the supporting columns, while the others have them on the cross axis. The cross girders on the top of the structure are unusually curved and decorated. The changes may be due to the fact that the design was undertaken under Ernest de Burgh who had also changed timber trusses from Percy Allan's design. The two other main spans of are timber trusses of the de Burgh Type. This truss was developed by Ernest de Burgh as an improvement on the Allan truss. The truss used a steel bottom chord. The truss supports steel cross girders and steel longitudinal stringers. The deck is timber. The approach spans are timber girders on timber trestle piers. The deck is timber. A section of the deck has been segregated for pedestrians with a kerb and handrail on all spans except the lift span. The main piers are cast ion and are protected by cofferdams. The bridge has a clearance over normal water level of .
Condition
As at 15 May 1998, the bridge was in good condition having been extensively repaired in recent years, due to a major rehabilitation of the timber trusses.
Heritage listing
As at 28 June 2005, Barham bridge has significance under all four criteria - Historical, Aesthetic, Technical and Social. The significance of the bridge lies in its location, for setting, and materials. The form and setting have aesthetic and social significance. The bridge may have higher overall significance as a member of the Murray Crossing Group, as a representative of a rare example of a representative type.
Barham Bridge over Murray River was listed on the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 20 June 2000 having satisfied the following criteria.
The place is important in demonstrating the course, or pattern, of cultural or natural history in New South Wales.
The Barham Bridge has historical significance as a rare example of a type of bridge which shows the evolving pattern of bridge design in Australia. The De Burgh timber bridge was only built for a brief period between 1899 and 1904. There are only nine remaining, and only two associated with lift spans, Barham and Cobram. These two bridges are also the only examples of De Burgh's lift spans. The bridge was built by Monash and Anderson. The bridge has historical significance through the association of John Monash with the bridge. Monash is arguably both one of Australia's most famous engineers, and one of the country's most famous soldiers.
The place is important in demonstrating aesthetic characteristics and/or a high degree of creative or technical achievement in New South Wales.
The Barham bridge has aesthetic significance due to its outstanding setting and landmark qualities. The bridge provides a gateway to NSW and the town of Barham. It dominates the towns due to its height and mass, providing the major landmark in the district. The setting is particularly fine, situated on the edge of the town and crossing the river amidst parklike lands and trees.
The place has strong or special association with a particular community or cultural group in New South Wales for social, cultural or spiritual reasons.
The Barham bridge has high significance to the local and district residents as the gateway between Barham and Koondrook, NSW and Victoria. As the towns are not large there is considerable commuting across the bridge for services that are not duplicated in both towns. The bridge also provides a focal point between town and river. The river is the main geographical feature in the area, and the centre for most recreation. The bridge acts as a reminder of river transport and attracts large crowds wherever river traffic passes through. For example, one lady, who has seen hundreds of river boats pass through the bridge, still rushes to see each new opening.
Engineering heritage
The bridge received a Historic Engineering Marker from Engineers Australia as part of its Engineering Heritage Recognition Program.
See also
List of crossings of the Murray River
List of bridges in Australia
References
Bibliography
Attribution
External links
New South Wales State Heritage Register
Barham
Road bridges in New South Wales
Articles incorporating text from the New South Wales State Heritage Register
Crossings of the Murray River
1905 establishments in Australia
Bridges completed in 1905
Borders of New South Wales
Borders of Victoria (Australia)
Truss bridges in Australia
Road bridges in Victoria (Australia)
Murray River Council
Barham
Recipients of Engineers Australia engineering heritage markers
Victorian Heritage Register
Victorian Heritage Register Loddon Mallee (region)
Shire of Gannawarra
Shoulda Known Better may refer to:
A song by Janet Jackson from the 2015 album Unbreakable
A 2019 single by MKTO
A song by Unwritten Law from the 2007 album The Hit List
A 2014 song by Honey Mahogany
See also
I Should Have Known Better (disambiguation)
Should've Known Better (disambiguation)
"Pressurelicious" is a song by American rapper Megan Thee Stallion featuring fellow American rapper Future, released on July 21, 2022 through 1501 Certified and 300 Entertainment. It was produced by Hitkidd and serves as the third single from the former's second studio album Traumazine.
Background
In an interview with Rolling Stone in June 2022, Megan Thee Stallion previewed the song and expressed her admiration of Future, saying:
He's just so fucking ratchets! He is unapologetically himself. I appreciate that about anybody who gets up and has to do anything in the public eye. Anybody who has to read about their life online every day and deal with so many energies and can put it out into their music and do it gracefully, I feel like you deserve your flowers.
The song was scheduled to be released on July 22, 2022 at midnight, but was released three hours early due to it leaking online.
Composition
"Pressurelicious" is a trap song containing dark, dissonant production. In the opening verse, Megan Thee Stallion raps about being a strong and confident woman, as well as her Birkin bag. Future raps from the perspective of a "loving and supportive partner who does not feel emasculated", coupled with lyrics relating to sex and putting his partner before luxury. In the final two verses, the rappers exchange playful and sexually explicit lyrics.
Charts
References
2022 singles
2022 songs
Megan Thee Stallion songs
Future (rapper) songs
Songs written by Megan Thee Stallion
Songs written by Future (rapper)
300 Entertainment singles
The 23rd Toronto Film Critics Association Awards, honoring the best in film for 2019, were awarded on December 8, 2019.
Winners
References
2019
2019 film awards
2019 in Toronto
2019 in Canadian cinema
Association Solidarité Féminine (ASF) is a non-profit organization founded by Aïcha Chenna in Casablanca, Morocco in 1985. The association helps single mothers gain work experience by training them at the association's restaurant, patisserie, and hammam.
History
In 1985, ASF was created in Casablanca, Morocco.
In 1988, the association's first center opened its doors in Tizi Ouasli.
See also
Education portal
Morocco portal
Amal Women's Training Center and Moroccan Restaurant
Feminization of poverty in Morocco
Women in Morocco
List of women's organizations
References
External links
Official website of Association Solidarité Féminine
1985 establishments in Morocco
Educational institutions established in 1985
Restaurants established in 1985
Non-profit organizations based in Morocco
Restaurants in Morocco
Women's organizations based in Morocco
Women's occupational organizations
Women and education in Africa
The Shizuoka dialect (Japanese: 静岡弁 Shizuoka-ben) is a Japanese dialect spoken in Shizuoka Prefecture. In a narrow sense, this can refer purely to the Central Shizuoka dialect, whilst a broader definition encompasses all Shizuoka dialects. This article will focus on all dialects found in the prefecture.
Classification and regional variation
The dialects in Shizuoka Prefecture are classified as part of the so-called nayashi dialects (ナヤシ方言), a subdivision of the wider Tōkai-Tōsan group, along with its close relatives, the Nagano and Yamanashi dialects. After the nayashi dialects, it is considered most similar to Tokyo and other West Kanto dialects, although in recent decades there has been an increasingly strong resemblance to the national standard, particularly in phonology and pitch accent. Although vocabulary and grammar also tend towards Eastern Japanese in their basic elements, there is a marked increase the further one travels west in the usage of Western Japanese words and phrases, such as oru (おる there is, cognate with iru (いる) in Eastern Japanese) and n (ん (adjective used for negation), cognate with nai (ない)). This makes Shizuoka a well-known example of a prefecture with a noticeable divide between the two main branches of Japanese.
Regional variation
Note: It is possible to subdivide Shizuoka dialects into groups based on the former provinces that existed there historically, which results in three dialects: the ‘Izu dialect', ‘Suruga dialect' and ‘Enshū dialect'. It is also possible to subdivide using the Ōi River as a boundary between west and east to form an ‘Eastern dialect', ‘West Suruga dialect' and ‘Tōtōmi dialect'. Generally, however, the following subdivisions are proposed:
Eastern Shizuoka dialect - Includes areas east of the Fuji River; the Izu Peninsula and the eastern part of Suraga. It possesses features of both West Kanto and Nayashi dialects, including usage of the conjectural particle be (べ), not voicing certain vowels and the use of the particles zura (ずら) and ra (ら).
Central Shizuoka dialect - Includes areas west of the Fuji River and east of Kakegawa. Includes the western part of Suruga and the eastern part of Enshū. The particle be is noticeably absent, and there is a characteristic usage of the past tense form -ke (-け).
Western Shizuoka dialect - Found in areas west of Fukuroi and Mori. Includes all of Enshū save for its eastern region. In place of the invitational form zā (ざあ), which is commonly found in the Central Shizuoka dialect, the phrase maika (まいか) is used instead.
Ikawa dialect - Includes the upper reaches of the Ōi River and settlements such as the former village of Ikawa. Due to historical isolation, it retains various archaic expressions and also lacks a pitch accent.
{| class="wikitable"
|+Phrases and particles used across Shizuoka
!
!Arai
!Hamamatsu
!Kakegawa
!Ikawa
!Shizuoka (city)
!Fuji, Fujinomiya
!Numazu
!Izu Peninsula
|-
!Vowel unvoicing
| colspan="2" |Prominent
|Not prominent
|Prominent
|Not prominent
| colspan="3" |Prominent
|-
!Negative form
| colspan="3" | -n (-ん)
| -n (ん)-nō (のう)
| colspan="3" | -nyā (にゃあ)-nē (ねぇ)-nai (ない)
| -nē (ねぇ)-nai (ない)
|-
!Past negative form
| colspan="2" |nanda (なんだ)
| nke (んけ)
| -nke (んけ)-nōkke (のーっけ)
|-nyākki (にゃあっき)-naikke (ないっけ)
| colspan="3" | nakatta (なかった)
|-
!iru (居る) or oru (おる)
|oru (おる)
| colspan="7" | iru (居る)
|-
!Conjecture
| colspan="6" | -dara (だら)-zura (ずら)-ra (ら)
| colspan="2" | -be (べ)-zura (ずら)-dara (だら)-ra (ら)
|-
!Invitation
| colspan="2" | maika (まいか)
| colspan="2" | -maika (まいか)-zā (ざあ)
| colspan="2" | -zā (ざあ)-zuka (ずか)
| colspan="2" | -uka (うか)-be yo (べよ)
|-
!Imperative of miru (見る to see)| colspan="4" | myō (みょー)
| -miro (みろ)-mitekō (みてこう)
| colspan="3" | miro (みろ)
|}
Western and Eastern divide
Grammatical features are often employed as indicators to split Shizuoka dialects between Western and Eastern Japanese. Based on the usage of n (ん) (a western Japanese feature) over nai (ない) (Eastern Japanese), the border between Eastern and Western Japanese is located around Shimada and the Ōi River. In contrast, the Western Japanese imperative form -yo (-よ) (as opposed to -ro (-ろ) in Eastern Japanese) is heard west of the Fuji River in the Central Shizuoka and Western Shizuoka dialects, whilst the Western Japanese present continuous form -toru (-とる, cognate with -te iru (-ている) in Eastern Japanese) is found west of Lake Hamana.
Phonology
General features
Most notably in the east of the prefecture, consecutive vowel sounds are often merged in the following manner:
ai (あい) → ē (えぇ), yeā (えぁあ) or yeā (ゃあ).
oi (おい) and ui (うい) also fuse in a manner similar to what is found in the Nagoya dialect.
Although not generally present in Shimada and west of the Ōi River, vowel merging is sometimes heard around Hamamatsu. For example:
omae (おまえ you) → omyā (おめぁあ)
zaisan (ざいさん property) → zyāsan (ぜぁあさん).
In the Eastern Shizuoka and Western Shizuoka dialects there is extensive unvoicing of vowel sounds, with a less pronounced trend in the Central Shizuoka dialect and the inner parts of Enshū (Misakubo and Sakuma) (save for in the upper reaches of the Ōi and Abe Rivers). Also, the object-marking particle wo (を) is not generally pronounced as o (お) as is the case in standard Japanese, but as uo (うお).
Pitch accent
Nouns
In concordance with the Tokyo standard pitch accent (excluding areas with no pitch accent), some single-mora nouns like ko (子 child) and hi (日 day) are pronounced flat, whilst certain other single-mora nouns like te (手 hand) or e (絵 picture) become front-mora stressed. In west Shizuoka, two-mora words such as ha-shi (橋 bridge) or ka-wa (川 river) are pronounced flat. The area around Hamamatsu in the far southwest of the prefecture has the most flat-accented words, and the further one travels east, the more final-mora stressed words occur, until virtually all of these types of two-mora words become final-mora stressed as is seen east of the Ōi River. In Maisaka and Arai, depending on whether or not a particle is attached to certain words, pitch accent can change. For example, a-me (雨 rain) (front-mora stressed) becomes a-me when followed by a ga (が) particle: a-me-ga. In comparison to somewhere like Hamamatsu, where words with three or more moras are front-mora stressed, in Maisaka and Arai such words become middle-mora stressed. In the Eastern Shizuoka dialect, three-mora nouns such as asahi (朝日 morning sun) are middle-mora stressed (a-sa-hi), whereas in the Central and Western Shizuoka dialects, these words are front-mora stressed (a-sahi). Some words that are usually pronounced flat, such as usagi (兎 rabbit) or ichigo (苺 strawberry), may become front-mora stressed in western Shizuoka and central Enshū (u-sagi , i-chigo). This is dependent on the area however, with varying degrees of front-mora stress actually occurring, with some areas simply pronouncing it flat. Some three-mora words that are front-mora stressed in the Tokyo standard pitch accent, such as a-tama (頭 head), were pronounced historically with middle-mora stress (a-ta-ma). This is noted to have occurred predominantly in the Sankan area of Enshū, specifically in the former city of Tenryū (in the Tenryū District of Hamamatsu), as well as in Haruno, Mori, the former village of Toyooka in Iwata, and the former town of Nakakawane. This particular feature remains in the northern part of Mikawa in Aichi Prefecture and can be found as far as the southern region of the Shimoina District in Nagano Prefecture.
Time-related words
There is a strong tendency to pronounce words related to telling the time, like toki (時 time), with a flat tone. Three-mora words relating to time become front-mora stressed, whilst words with more than three moras tend to be middle-mora stressed. The table below shows some examples of this.
Verbs
In standard Japanese, three-mora verbs tend to be middle-mora stressed or flat, such as ni-ge-ru (逃げる to run away) or kieru (消える to disappear), whereas front-mora stressed words like ha-iru (入る to enter) are rare. This pattern is largely reflected in Shizuoka, save for a few exceptions. In the Central Shizuoka and Western Shizuoka dialects (except for Maisaka and Arai), there is a unique tendency to front-mora stress Ichidan verbs that are usually middle-mora stressed in standard Japanese. For Godan verbs, pitch accent is standard, with predominantly flat or middle-mora stress pronunciation.
Adjectives
In standard Japanese, adjectives with three or more moras are usually middle-mora stressed, like shi-ro-i (白い white) or flat, like kurai (暗い dark). Within Shizuoka, the central-west part of Enshū (centred largely around Hamamatsu) front-mora stresses the usually middle-mora stressed adjectives. For example, shi-ro-i becomes shi-roi. Words that are pronounced in a flat tone, however, remain the same as in standard Japanese. In the Central Shizuoka dialect, areas west of Fuji City up to Higashi-Enshū, as well as in the former towns of Hosoe and Mikkabi, the connective form of adjectives become middle-mora stressed as in shi-ro-ku, as opposed to shi-roku as is found in standard Japanese (in addition to areas east of Numazu and several former towns and villages in inner Enshū.
Other
-nai (無い) stem
In the Central Shizuoka and Western Shizuoka dialects, the 'na portion of the negative adjective nai (無い) is stressed.
Grammar
Unless stated otherwise, the following notes are on the grammar of traditional dialects prior to the influence of standard Japanese.
Negative form
East of the Ōi River, the standard negative form -nai (-ない) is heard, along with -nē (ねぇ) and -nyā (-にゃあ), whilst west of the river, -n (-ん) is used. In the northern Sankan region, -nō (-のぉ) is also said. In the west of the prefecture, the intensifier negative -yashinai (-やしない) may have its ending portion substituted with -sen (せん), -hen (へん) or -shin (しん). Additionally, in all parts of Shizuoka, the negative suspended form -naide... (-ないで...) can become -nakkō... (-なっこぉ). For example: ikanaide (行かないで) → ikanakkō (行かなっこぉ).
Conclusive da (だ)
Throughout Shizuoka, the conclusive phrase no da (のだ) is contracted to simply da (だ). For example, iku no da (行くのだ variously: go (command), I'm going now (explanatory)) becomes iku da (行くだ) and akai no da (赤いのだ) becomes akai da (赤いだ).
Euphonic change of shi (し) → i (い)
As far as Shizuoka's border with Kanagawa Prefecture, there is euphonic change of the s-row mora shi (し) to i (い), such as in dashita (出した) →daita (出いた).
Volitional / invitational be (べ), zu/su (ず/す) and kka (っか)
Several different particles are used to express volition and invitation across Shizuoka. East of the Fuji River, the particle be (べ) is used, whilst west of the Fuji River (in the central and western parts of the prefecture), the particle zu (ず), as in ikazu (ka) (行かず(か)) is used instead. A similar particle, su (す), is spoken from Higashi-Suruga east of Kannami across the centre and west of Shizuoka. Kka (っか) is found mainly in central regions (Example: ikakka (行かっか)). In the far western city of Kosai, the form -ayo (-あよ) or -aka (-あか) may also be used (For example: ikāyo (行かあよ), ikaaka (行かあか)).
Invitational zā (ざあ) and mai (まい)
The invitational particle zā (ざあ), such as in ikazā (行かざあ shall we go?), is found in the Central Shizuoka dialect. Additionally, another invitational particle with the same meaning, mai (まい), such as in ikamai (ka) or ikimai (ka)) (行かまい(か) / 行きまい(か), is found predominantly in the west of the prefecture.
Conjectural zura (ずら), dara (だら), ra (ら) and tsura (つら)
The conjectural particles zura (ずら), dara (だら), ra (ら) and tsura (つら) are used across Shizuoka. The particles ra and zura are used in the same manner as darō (だろう) in standard Japanese, expressing conjecture about something in present or future tense. Although both ra and zura can attach to verbs and adjectives, only zura can attach to nouns. In contrast to ra and zura, tsura is used for expressing conjecture about something in the past (equivalent to -ta darō (-ただろう)). In eastern Shizuoka, be may be used in combination with these particles. Predominantly in the west and centre of the prefecture, the particle zu (ず) can be used to indicate something of high certainty (ikazu (行かず (she's) probably going to go). In recent years, the newer expressions dara (だら) and tara (たら or tadara (ただら) have been increasingly used in place of zura and tsura, respectively. Dara is believed to have originated from an attached ra on the copula, da (だ).
Past tense -ke (-け)
Until relatively recently in central Shizuoka, the verb and adjective ending -ke (-け) has been commonly used to express the past tense. For example, ikke (行っけ I went) or akakke (赤っけ It was red). Currently, however, -ke is less commonly used, and the form -takke (-たっけ) is more common (Example: ittakke (行ったっけ). Elsewhere, in the former towns of Misakubo and Sakuma, the past tense was expressed with -tsu (-つ) (Example: ittsu (行っつ).
Reason and motive
The word de (で), which indicates a reason or cause of something (much like kara (から)), is used throughout Shizuoka. It is widely spread across the Tōkai Region, with regional variants including: da (だ) (not to be confused with the copula da) monde (もんで), mondade (もんだで) and (east of Shizuoka City), nte (んて).
Adversative conjunctions
The adversative conjunction keredo (けれど but) has various forms, including kēga (けぇが) (used in central Shizuoka), kendo (けんど), ken (けん), kega (けが) and ga (が), among others.
Imperative form
The standard imperative form for Ichidan verbs, [stem form + ro (ろ)], is used in the east of the prefecture, whilst in central and western areas yo (よ) or yoo (よお) is used in the place of ro like in the following: okiro (起きろ wake up (command)) → okiyo / okiyoo. Potential form
Shizuoka dialects are so-called ra-nuki kotoba (ら抜き言葉 literally words without 'ra) in reference to the omission of ra (ら) from the verb structure -rareru (-られる), used to indicate the ability to do something (can / to be able to in English). In the west of the prefecture, an additional re (れ) sound may also be added. For example:
taberarenai (食べられない I can't eat that) → taberenai (食べれない), tabererenai (食べれれない) or taberēnai (食べれぇない).
okirareru (起きられる to be able to get up) → okireru (起きれる), okirereru (起きれれる) or okirēru (起きれぇる).
References
Japanese dialects
Culture in Shizuoka Prefecture
Parker Memorial Baptist Church is a historic Southern Baptist church at 1205 Quintard Avenue in Anniston, Alabama. Built in 1888, it was added to the Alabama Register of Landmarks and Heritage in 1981, and the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
References
External links
See also:
Baptist churches in Alabama
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
National Register of Historic Places in Calhoun County, Alabama
Gothic Revival church buildings in Alabama
Churches completed in 1888
Churches in Calhoun County, Alabama
Southern Baptist Convention churches
Liu Yuzhong (, 1911 – 31 May 1979) was a Chinese politician. She was among the first group of women elected to the Legislative Yuan in 1948.
Biography
Originally from Xinmin in Liaoning Province, Liu attended Peking National University. She joined the Kuomintang and became chair of its women's committee in Liaobei Province.
In the 1948 elections to the Legislative Yuan, she ran as a Kuomintang candidate in Liaoning and was elected to parliament. She relocated to Taiwan during the Chinese Civil War, where she remained a member of the Legislative Yuan until her death in 1979.
References
1911 births
Members of the Kuomintang
20th-century Chinese women politicians
Members of the 1st Legislative Yuan
Members of the 1st Legislative Yuan in Taiwan
1979 deaths
Neo Dada is a music album by the Norwegian composer and artist Jono El Grande, released by Rune Grammofon on 16 March 2009.
Reception
Several reviews commented on the experimental nature of the album. Lukas Suveg, in a positive review for Tiny Mix Tapes, writes "Jono El Grande strikes a near-perfect balance between the traditional and the avant-garde, and his playful approach lends the album a great amount of accessibility without compromising his adventurous spirit." AllMusic's François Couture described Neo Dada as "late-era Zappa minus the scatological routines, plus an intentionally cheesy Latin element (think Señor Coconut)."
John L Walters, writing for The Guardian, considered the work an improvement over Jono El Grande's previous album Fevergreens, saying "Neo Dada sounds much more confident, exuberant, artful and bloody-minded." Dan Raper of PopMatters concludes "Cycling quickly through klezmer, jazz, and prog-rock, Jono El Grande presents an intriguing if a little ADD interpretation of experimental music."
Track listing
References
2009 albums
Jono El Grande albums
"In Your Eyes" is a song by German producer Robin Schulz, featuring vocals from Norwegian singer Alida. It was released by Warner Music Group Germany to digital download and streaming formats on 10 January 2020. The song was written by Erik Smaaland, Kristoffer Tømmerbakke, Gaute Ormåsen and Alida Garpestad Peck, and produced by Robin Schulz and Daniel Deimann & Dennis "Junkx" Bierbrodt.
Music video
The video was published on 10 January 2020. In the video, incarnations of Toni Garrn and Robin Schulz appear in a dark hall and next to them two futuristic motorcycles.
Track listing
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2020 singles
2020 songs
Robin Schulz songs
Songs written by Robin Schulz
Warner Music Group singles
The Boulder Philharmonic Orchestra, founded in 1958, is a professional symphony orchestra based in Boulder, Colorado. It is led by Music Director Michael Butterman. The Boulder Philharmonic's season at Macky Auditorium on the University of Colorado at Boulder campus and other venues includes classical music, pops, school and family concerts, as well as an annual production of The Nutcracker with Boulder Ballet.
History
Precursor Years: 1893-1957
The roots of the Boulder Philharmonic can be traced to 1893 when a small group of Boulder musicians calling themselves the Philharmonic Club started performing an annual concert that gradually grew in popularity. In 1941 the Civic Symphony Orchestra was founded as one phase of a recreational program in a plan adopted by the city council. Hugh McMillen, director of bands at the University of Colorado at Boulder conducted the first free orchestra at Boulder High School auditorium, a tradition that continued in 1943 and 1944. The loss of personnel due to WWII, however, caused the orchestra to disband.
Founding Years: 1957-1972
Violinist Elinor Winchester and volunteer musicians revived the orchestra in March 1957. Thomas Facey, conductor of the Golden Symphony, served as musical director. During this time the orchestra was an ensemble made up of amateurs as well as a few professional musicians from the Boulder-Denver area. In 1958 Facey resigned and Dr. Antonia Brico was named conductor. Pianist, graduate of the University of California Berkeley, and the first woman to conduct the New York Philharmonic Orchestra, Brico saw developments such as the Young Artist Competition in 1959 and the inauguration of the Children's Concert in 1960.
Brico resigned in 1964 and Ador Toth, CU Boulder associate professor of music and conductor of the university symphony orchestra, was named her successor. Toth requested a leave of absence in 1965 to tour with the Alma Trio, and invited his CU colleague, David Burge, to take over as conductor for the 1965-66 season. Burge was named permanent conductor of the Boulder Philharmonic after his first year.
In 1966 the Boulder Philharmonic Guild was founded as an “auxiliary dedicated to assisting with the maintenance of the orchestra with service as well as with financial means.” In 1970 the Jr. Guild was founded, which sponsored a flea market, a spring Philharmonic Ball and Symphony Sunday at which time local downtown merchants shared Christmas sale profits with the orchestra.
Aside from a one-year sabbatical to Copenhagen (during which James Stroud took over as conductor), Burge's tenure lasted until 1972, when he joined the faculty at the Eastman School of Music.
Lehnert and Kuchar years: 1972-2006
Oswald (Ozzi) Lehnert, violin virtuoso and professor, was named conductor and music director of the Boulder Philharmonic in 1972. Under Lehnert, the Boulder Philharmonic saw many developments, such as new fundraising campaigns, free concert series, and a Tier II status from the Scientific and Cultural Facilities District. Also, during this time the Boulder Phil moved to 2,052-seat Macky Auditorium, the city's premiere concert hall on the University of Colorado Boulder campus. In 1990 the Boulder Arts Academy was founded as a community school under the direction of the Boulder Philharmonic.
Theodore Kuchar was named Music Director in 1996, under whose leadership the Boulder Philharmonic Orchestra became a fully professional symphony orchestra. Kuchar also founded the Sinfonia of Colorado, a classical chamber orchestra made up of Philharmonic musicians in 1997. In 1999 the Boulder Philharmonic became a part of an alliance organization called the Peak Association of the Arts, also known as PeakArts, which also included the Boulder Ballet, Sinfonia of Colorado and the Boulder Arts Academy. Guest artists during this time included violinists Itzhak Perlman and Hilary Hahn, and cellist Yo-Yo Ma.
In 2001 Robert McAllister was named CEO and president of PeakArts, and in 2003 this association dissolved into two entities: Boulder Arts Academy / Boulder Ballet and the Boulder Philharmonic. Also in 2003, Sue Levine was hired as the executive director of PeakArts. Theodore Kuchar left the organization in 2006.
Michael Butterman: 2007–Present
The Boulder Philharmonic Orchestra celebrated its 50th anniversary with its 2007-2008 season, under the leadership of new Music Director Michael Butterman. Michael Butterman is currently the Music Director for both the Boulder Philharmonic and the Shreveport Symphony Orchestra. He is also on the conducting staff of the Jacksonville Symphony Orchestra and the Principal Conductor for Education and Outreach with the Rochester Philharmonic Orchestra. In 2014, it was announced that Butterman's contract had been renewed for five years, through the 2018-19 season.
Under Butterman's direction, the Boulder Philharmonic inaugurated a series of Discovery Concerts serving thousands of area elementary school students. Guest artists during his tenure have included violinist Sarah Chang, clarinetist Richard Stoltzman, and the Takács Quartet, in addition to numerous collaborations with Ars Nova Singers, St. Martin's Chamber Choir, Boulder Chorale, Colorado Shakespeare Festival, Frequent Flyers Aerial Dance, Boulder International Film Festival and others. Together with Executive Director Kevin Shuck, who joined the organization in 2010, Michael Butterman has also led an expansion of the Boulder Philharmonic's regional presence with concerts in Arvada, Denver, Highlands Ranch, Lakewood, Lone Tree and the Vilar Performing Arts Center in Beaver Creek.
In May 2015, it was announced that the Boulder Philharmonic Orchestra had been selected as one of four orchestras nationally to perform at the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts in Washington, D.C., as part of the inaugural SHIFT Festival in March 2017 showcasing innovation in American orchestras. Later that same year, it was announced that the Boulder Phil was awarded its first federal grant from the National Endowment for the Arts to support the commission of a new work to be premiered as part of this national festival.
Premieres
In addition to numerous regional and local premieres, world premieres presented by the Boulder Philharmonic Orchestra have included:
Alvin Brehm, Concerto for Tuba and Orchestra (1977)
Bernhard Heiden, Concerto for Tuba and Orchestra (1977)
Charles G. Eakin, Fantasy for Saxophone & Orchestra (1981)
Richard Toensing, Concerto for Flutes and Orchestra (2000)
Michael Allen's orchestration of Modest Mussorgsky, Pictures at an Exhibition (2007)
Luis Jorge Gonzalez, The Wondrous City (2007)
Rony Barrak, Beirut Sensations (2009)
Bill Douglas (musician), Concerto for Darbouka and Orchestra (2009)
Ruby Fulton, Gambit: Beatbox Concerto (2012)
Rony Barrak, Boulder Sensations (2012)
Jeffrey Nytch, Symphony No. 1 ("Formations"); celebrating the 125th anniversary of the Geological Society of America (2013)
J. Ralph, original orchestrations from the Academy Award-winning environmental documentaries Chasing Ice and The Cove (film) (2014)
Stephen Lias, Gates of the Arctic; celebrating the 50th anniversary of America's Wilderness Act, with visuals (2014)
Charles Denler, Portraits in Season; inspired by the writings of Henry David Thoreau and choreographed to the nature photography of John Fielder (2015)
Missy Mazzoli, Sinfonia (for Orbiting Spheres), as part of a New Music USA residency (2016)
Stephen Lias, TBA; celebrating the centennial of the National Park Service, with visuals (2017)
Musicians
Music Director:
Michael Butterman
Concertmaster:
Charles Wetherbee
Current Orchestra Roster:
http://boulderphil.org/about/orchestra
References
Sources
Ruth Carmel Kahn. “50 years with the Boulder Philharmonic.” Boulder Philharmonic Program Book. 2007-2008.
External links
Official website: www.BoulderPhil.org
Boulder Philharmonic's official YouTube channel
Boulder Philharmonic's official Facebook Page
Orchestras based in Colorado
Culture of Boulder, Colorado
Musical groups established in 1958
Tourist attractions in Boulder, Colorado
Performing arts in Colorado
1958 establishments in Colorado
Red Ridge () is a ridge just west of Robson Glacier in the Gonville and Caius Range, in Victoria Land. The descriptive name was given by Frank Debenham of the British Antarctic Expedition (1910–13) during his plane table survey in 1912.
References
Ridges of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
Daniela Raschhofer (b. 19 June 1960 at Braunau am Inn, Austria) is an Austrian politician, former Member of the European Parliament for Austria, belonging to the Freedom Party of Austria.
Daniela Raschhofer was born on 19 June 1960 at Braunau am Inn, Austria. After finishing elementary school, Raschhofer passed her Matura at a high school for women's economic occupation. After training to become an elementary school teacher in Salzburg, Raschhofer moved to Linz and studied to become a vocational teacher. She also worked in a law office, spent a year abroad in Paris, and taught in her birth town of Braunau am Inn. In 1991, Raschhofer became a member of the Upper Austrian Landtag, and also a became a member of the council of Braunau am Inn the same year. In 1996 she ceased being a member of her landtag, as on 11 November 1996 she became a Member of the European Parliament, representing Austria as a member of the Freedom Party of Austria.
During her time as a Member of the European Parliament, Raschhofer served on the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development, the Committee on Regional Policy, the Committee on Industry, External Trade, Research and Energy and the Members from the European Parliament to the Joint Assembly of the Agreement between the African, Caribbean and Pacific States and the European Union. She also served sporadically as a committee member of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Protection, the Committee on Culture, Youth, Education, the Media and Sport and the Committee on Women's Rights and Equal Opportunities.
In 2003, a Grand Decoration of Honour in Gold for Services to the Republic of Austria was conferred upon Raschhofer by Andreas Khol.
References
1960 births
Living people
Freedom Party of Austria politicians
People from Braunau am Inn
Freedom Party of Austria MEPs
MEPs for Austria 1996–1999
MEPs for Austria 1999–2004
Recipients of the Grand Decoration for Services to the Republic of Austria
20th-century women MEPs for Austria
21st-century women MEPs for Austria
Aditi Singh is an Indian actress. She made her Telugu film debut in Guppedantha Prema in 2016.
Personal life
Born in Delhi to Shraddhha Singh and Jainendra Pratap Singh (former Bollywood actor, in Dayavan, Kohraam, Deewana Mujh Sa Nahin and many other films), Singh was brought up in Mumbai where she did her schooling from Jamnabai Narsee School, Juhu and further completed her studies from Mithibai College of Arts. The niece of actor Aditya Pancholi through her mother, her family roots are from Rajasthan.
Her exposure to films from a very young age kindled her interest in acting, which inclined her to participate in several school plays and skits. Also having singing as a hobby, Singh became the lead singer in the school band in 9th grade, winning several interschool competitions. She was trained in classical kathak dance in India by the late Sitara Devi's daughter Jayanti Mala.
Career
Singh started her career at a young age, featuring in a Clean & Clear viral advertisement at age 15.
She then played the female lead in the Telugu romance movie Guppedantha Prema. She turned 17 while filming this movie. She received good feedback for her debut film.
She will appear in another Telugu film, Nenu Kidnap Iyanu, starring Posani Krishnamurali in the lead; it is presently being filmed.
She appeared in Pakistani film Wujood. And Currently doing another Pakistani film Chaa Jaa Re.
Filmography
References
External links
Living people
Actresses from Delhi
Actresses from Mumbai
Indian film actresses
Actresses in Hindi cinema
Actresses in Urdu cinema
Actresses in Telugu cinema
Child actresses in Telugu cinema
Rajasthani people
Indian expatriate actresses in Pakistan
Mithibai College alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century Indian child actresses
21st-century Indian actresses
The Syracuse and South Bay Railway, also known as the Syracuse and South Bay Electric Railroad, incorporated on May 10, 1900, was an interurban rail that ran from Syracuse, New York, through Cicero to Lower South Bay on the south shore of Oneida Lake, a distance of .
References
Defunct railroads in Syracuse, New York
Defunct New York (state) railroads
Railway companies established in 1900
Railway companies disestablished in 1917
Interurban railways in New York (state)
Albert Hermann Vermeer (1911–1980), known as Al Vermeer, was an American cartoonist. Vermeer created the comic strip Priscilla's Pop.
Early life
Al Vermeer was born in Alameda, California in 1911 to Dutch immigrant parents from Utrecht, Netherlands.
Career
While growing up in Oakland, Vermeer began his newspaper career as a sports writer. Eventually he moved to sports illustration work at the San Francisco News.
By 1945 he left the News to work with the Newspaper Enterprise Association and a year later his signature creation Priscilla's Pop was launched. Initially created as a Sunday, a daily version of Priscilla's Pop was soon added to the syndicate. Vermeer worked on the family strip for almost 30 years, before his retirement in 1976. The strip was inspired by Vermeer's own family. Vermeer was succeeded by cartoonist Ed Sullivan, who worked on Priscilla's Pop until the end of the comic strip's run in 1983.
Death
Al Vermeer died in 1980 in Humboldt, California.
References
External links
Al Vermeer Cartoons (1966-1968) at Syracuse University (primary source material)
1911 births
1980 deaths
American comics artists
American people of Dutch descent
American comic strip cartoonists
People from Alameda, California
Mindi Dickstein is an American lyricist and librettist.
Dickstein wrote the lyrics for the 2005 musical production Little Women, based on the 1868 novel of the same name by Louisa May Alcott. Other notable work includes the book for Toy Story: The Musical. She is now writing lyrics for Benny & Joon, a new musical based on the MGM film of that name with music by Nolan Gasser and libretto by Kirsten Guenther, scheduled to commence the 2017–2018 season at The Old Globe in San Diego, California.
Since 1996, Dickstein has taught at New York University's Tisch School of the Arts in the graduate musical theatre programme. In 2001, Dickstein received the Jonathan Larson Grant.
A graduate of Brookline High School in Massachusetts, Dickstein received her Master of Fine Arts in Musical Theater Writing from New York University in 1993. She was an Oscar Hammerstein Fellow there.
References
American musical theatre librettists
American musical theatre lyricists
Tisch School of the Arts alumni
New York University faculty
Living people
Brookline High School alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Sabun () is a town in the southeastern Middle Shabelle (Shabeellaha Dhexe) region of Somalia.
References
Sabun
Populated places in Middle Shabelle
The Abismo Guy Collet (SP-090) is the deepest cave in South America, and the deepest in the world that is formed in quartzite. Located in a tepui in northern Brazil near the border with Venezuela, this cave was first explored by cavers in 2006 to a depth of .
Sima Pumacocha in Peru held the previous depth record in South America, determined to be deep in 2004.
References
A Ong Akakor Geographical Exploring Descobre a Caverna Mais Profunda do Mundo em Quartzito . Ayub, Soraya; 29th Brazilian Speleological Congress, June 2007
Caves of Amazonas
Wild caves
Landforms of Amazonas (Brazilian state)
Remco Torken (born 3 January 1972 in the Netherlands) is a Dutch retired footballer.
References
Dutch footballers
Association football forwards
Living people
1972 births
ADO Den Haag players
Helmond Sport players
CP Mérida footballers
VVV-Venlo players
K.S.C. Lokeren Oost-Vlaanderen players
K.S.K. Beveren players
Ter Leede players
Plocama is a genus of flowering plants in the family Rubiaceae. It was described by William Aiton in 1789. It is distributed from the Canary Islands to northwestern India.
The genus was expanded in 2007 when several other Rubiaceae genera were merged into it. There are now about 34 species.
Plants of this genus are herbs or shrubs. They generally have an offensive scent when crushed. The leaves are oppositely arranged. The corolla is funnel shaped with a short to long tubular base. The fruit is either a drupe or a body that splits into two parts when ripe.
Species
Plants of the World Online includes:
Plocama afghanica (Ehrend.) M.Backlund & Thulin
Plocama asperuliformis (Lincz.) M.Backlund & Thulin
Plocama aucheri (Guill.) M.Backlund & Thulin
Plocama botschantzevii (Lincz.) M.Backlund & Thulin
Plocama brevifolia (Coss. & Durieu ex Pomel) M.Backlund & Thulin
Plocama bruguieri (A.Rich. ex DC.) M.Backlund & Thulin
Plocama bucharica (B.Fedtsch. & Des.-Shost.) M.Backlund & Thulin
Plocama calabrica (L.f.) M.Backlund & Thulin
Plocama calcicola (Puff) M.Backlund & Thulin
Plocama calycoptera (Decne.) M.Backlund & Thulin
Plocama corcyllis (Sond.) M.Backlund & Thulin
Plocama crucianelloides (Jaub. & Spach) M.Backlund & Thulin
Plocama dubia (Aitch. & Hemsl.) M.Backlund & Thulin
Plocama eriantha (Jaub. & Spach) M.Backlund & Thulin
Plocama hymenostephana (Jaub. & Spach) M.Backlund & Thulin
Plocama iljinii (Lincz.) M.Backlund & Thulin
Plocama inopinata (Lincz.) M.Backlund & Thulin
Plocama jolana (Thulin) M.Backlund & Thulin
Plocama kandaharensis (Ehrend. & Qarar ex (Ehrend. & Schönb.-Tem.) M.Backlund & Thulin
Plocama macrantha (Blatt. & Hallb.) M.Backlund & Thulin
Plocama mestscherjakovii (Lincz.) M.Backlund & Thulin
Plocama olivieri (A.Rich. ex DC.) M.Backlund & Thulin
Plocama pendula Aiton
Plocama puberula (Balf.f.) M.Backlund & Thulin
Plocama putorioides (Radcl.-Sm.) M.Backlund & Thulin
Plocama reboudiana (Coss. & Durieu) M.Backlund & Thulin
Plocama rosea (Hemsl. ex Aitch.) M.Backlund & Thulin
Plocama somaliensis (Puff) M.Backlund & Thulin
Plocama szowitzii (DC.) M.Backlund & Thulin
Plocama thymoides (Balf.f.) M.Backlund & Thulin
Plocama tinctoria (Balf.f.) M.Backlund & Thulin
Plocama trichophylla (Popov) M.Backlund & Thulin
Plocama vassilczenkoi (Lincz.) M.Backlund & Thulin
Plocama yemenensis (Thulin) M.Backlund & Thulin
References
External links
World Checklist of Rubiaceae
Rubiaceae genera
Edmond Haggard Madison (December 18, 1865 – September 18, 1911) was a U.S. Representative from Kansas.
Born in Plymouth, Illinois, Madison attended the common schools. He taught school. He moved to Wichita, Kansas, in 1885. He studied law. He was admitted to the bar in 1888 and commenced the practice of his profession in Dodge City, Kansas. He served as prosecuting attorney of Ford County, Kansas from 1889 to 1893. He was appointed judge of the thirty-first judicial district of Kansas on January 1, 1900, and served until September 17, 1906, when he resigned to become a candidate for Congress.
Madison was elected as a Republican to the Sixtieth, Sixty-first, and Sixty-second Congresses and served from March 4, 1907, until his death in Dodge City, Kansas on September 18, 1911. He was interred in Maple Grove Cemetery.
See also
List of United States Congress members who died in office (1900–49)
References
Edmond H. Madison, late a representative from Kansas, Memorial addresses delivered in the House of Representatives and Senate frontispiece 1913
1865 births
1911 deaths
Kansas state court judges
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American judges
Toêga is a town in the Koudougou Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 2,320.
References
Populated places in the Centre-Ouest Region
Boulkiemdé Province
Tianqing (天慶) was a Chinese era name used by several emperors of China. It may refer to:
Tianqing (1029–1030), or Cheongyeong, era name used by Dae Yeon-rim
Tianqing (1111–1120), era name used by Emperor Tianzuo of Liao
Tianqing (1194–1206), era name used by Emperor Huanzong of Western Xia
See also
Tian Qing (born 1986), Chinese badminton player
USS Erben (DD-631), a Fletcher-class destroyer, was a ship of the United States Navy named for Rear Admiral Henry Erben (1832–1909).
Erben (DD-631) was launched 21 March 1943 by Bath Iron Works Corp., Bath, Maine; sponsored by Mrs. C. B. G. Gaillard, daughter of Rear Admiral Erben; and commissioned 28 May 1943.
Service history
United States Navy
World War II
1943
Arriving at Pearl Harbor 2 October 1943 from Boston, Erben joined the 5th Fleet and trained in the Hawaiian Islands, on 1 November. She rescued a downed aviator during exercises with an aircraft carrier. She sailed from Pearl Harbor 8 November, rendezvoused with a carrier task group on 15 November, and screened it during preinvasion air attacks on the Gilbert Islands, several times rescuing aviators whose planes had crashed or run out of fuel. As the invasion waves of Marines were landed on Tarawa on 20 November, Erben continued to screen the carriers launching supporting strikes, providing protection with her antiaircraft fire when 13 Japanese torpedo planes attacked late in the afternoon. She again effectively fired against Japanese planes that attacked the task group as it retired from strikes in the Marshall Islands on 4 December.
1944
Erben replenished at Pearl Harbor, and put to sea 21 December 1943 for Funafuti to exercise with the support group organized for the invasion of the Marshalls. She sailed 23 January 1944, and on 29 January saw action in the bombardment of Taroa and Wotje. The next day she hunted Japanese shipping off Maloelap, firing on a beached fishing ship, and on the 31st, as the assault landings took place, gave fire support to the troops ashore. Five times, she appeared off Taroa for night bombardment and harassing fire, and from 2 February operated out of Majuro on patrol in the Marshalls.
The destroyer returned to Guadalcanal 17 March 1944, and after escorting troop transports to Cape Torokina, prepared at Milne Bay for the Hollandia operation, during which she screened carriers giving air support to the landings at Aitape and Hollandia through April. Through much of May, she trained in the New Hebrides and Russell Islands, and on 8 June arrived at Kwajalein to stage for the Marianas operation. From 12 June, when she sortied with the carriers, until 4 August, when she returned to Eniwetok, she was almost constantly at sea to screen the carriers as they launched preinvasion air strikes, covered the landings, won a most significant victory in the Battle of the Philippine Sea, and furnished antisubmarine and air protection to assault shipping.
From Eniwetok, Erben returned to a month of brief overhaul and training in the Hawaiian Islands, then put out for Manus Island, from which she sailed 14 October 1944 to escort transports to the Leyte landings of 20 October. She patrolled and furnished antiaircraft fire to protect the transports until 24 October, then as the Battle for Leyte Gulf raged, sailed for Humboldt Bay to guard the retirement of LSTs. She returned to Leyte 14 November with a convoy of reinforcements, and sailed the same day for Manus, Majuro, Pearl Harbor, and a west coast overhaul.
1945
Erben was back in action 15 March 1945 when she rendezvoused one day out of Ulithi with the fast carrier task force for air strikes on Kyūshū and Okinawa. During two of these, on 26 and 30 March, she rescued a total of four downed aviators. The pounding of Okinawa reached its height for the invasion landings of 1 April, and Erben continued to screen the carriers as they operated off the island through the next 2 months. She fired with success to drive off kamikazes, rescued survivors of damaged ships, bombarded shore targets, and saved many downed aviators. On 3 and 23 May, she rescued the same three-man plane crew from .
Through June 1945, Erben was in Leyte Gulf for repairs to her sonar equipment and exercises, and on 1 July sailed to screen air strikes and join in bombardments on Japan, patrolling in advance of the main body to ensure that planes returning from strikes were not leading Japanese aircraft to the carriers. On 9 August, during the bombardment of steel works at Kamaishi, she sank two enemy luggers by gunfire. She continued to cruise off Japan with the carrier until 15 September, when she entered Tokyo Bay to replenish. On 1 October she sailed to take on passengers at Okinawa, with whom she arrived at Long Beach 21 October 1945. She was decommissioned and placed in reserve 31 May 1946.
Korean War
With the expansion of the fleet in the Korean War, Erben was recommissioned 19 May 1951, and sailed from Long Beach, her home port, 27 August for Yokosuka. At once she joined the destroyer screen protecting carriers of Task Force 77 from submarine attack. In late September and October, she bombarded shore targets in the Songjin-Chongjin area, disrupting enemy communications and supply routes, and on 9 October, rescuing a North Korean fleeing the Communists in a small boat. After joining in antisubmarine warfare exercises off Okinawa, she returned to screening duty, rescuing a downed pilot 2 December. She accompanied in a bombardment on Korea's west coast, then sailed to the east coast to provide close fire support for the fighting men ashore. She returned to San Diego 21 March 1952 for overhaul, and on 1 November sailed again for duty off Korea.
In addition to carrying out duties similar to those of her first Korean war tour, Erben visited Taiwan and Hong Kong, and operated with ships of the Royal Navy. She returned to San Diego 1 June 1953, and during the remaining 5 years of her active service made four more cruises to the Far East, serving on the Taiwan Patrol and operating with the carriers of the 7th Fleet. On 8 June 1957 she went underway for the Far East. On 14 June she arrives in Pearl Harbor and remained there until 16 June 1957, where she had some repairs done. On 23 June 1957 she arrived at Midway Island and from 29 June to 6 July she was ported in Yokosuka, Japan. On 6 July she arrived in Yokohama, Japan and remained there until 8 July. 13 July was spent in Naha, Okinawa and on 17 July, Kaohsiung, Taiwan. From 26 to 28 July, she anchored again in Kaohsiung, Taiwan and on 1 August 1957 harbored in Yokosuka, Japan. She was again decommissioned and placed in reserve 27 June 1958.
South Korean Navy
Erben was transferred to South Korea 16 May 1963, where she was renamed ROKS Chung Mu (DD-91).
In 1979, the Republic of Korea Navy changed her Hull Number to 911. Since 1983, she served as a stationary training vessel. The ex-Erben is reported to have been broken up. One of her 5-inch gun is on display at the War Memorial of Korea in Seoul.
Awards
Erben received six battle stars for her World War II service, and four for Korea.
References
External links
history.navy.mil: USS Erben
navsource.org: USS Erben
hazegray.org: USS Erben
Fletcher-class destroyers of the United States Navy
Ships built in Bath, Maine
1943 ships
World War II destroyers of the United States
Cold War destroyers of the United States
Korean War destroyers of the United States
Ships transferred from the United States Navy to the Republic of Korea Navy
Chaetodon daedalma or the wrought-iron butterflyfish is a species of marine ray-finned fish, a butterflyfish belonging to the family Chaetodontidae. It is native to the western Pacific ocean near central and southern Japan.
Description
Chaetodon daedalma is mainly metallic black in colour with yellow margins to the dorsal, anal and caudal fin. The body has some markings resembling a cross hatch in pattern. The scales, have pale yellow centres and broad black margins forming a lattice or netted pattern. The largely black colouration is very unusual for a species of butterflyfish which are normally much more colourful. This species attains a maximum total length of .
Distribution
Chaetodon daedalma is endemic to Japan where it is found on the main islands of Japan south of Sagami Bay, as well as the Ryukyu Islands, the Ogasawara Islands, and the Izu Islands.
Habitat and biology
Chaetodon daedalma is found in clear and outer waters at depths which are normally in excess of in depth. They are sociable fish and the adults are normally found in schools which number more than 10 individuals. They are also nomadic and the schools will range over a wide area. This is an oviparous species and the males and females form pairs for breeding. They prefer rocky reefs where the graze on algae and benthic invertebrates, including fanworms, hydroids, gastropods, barnacles and tunicates. Sometimes these fish congregate to graze in huge numbers, creating in tight formation which undulates referred to as a "wrought-iron ball"> This is thought to be a defensive strategy.
Taxonomy and etymology
Chaetodon daedalma was first formally described in 1902 by the American ichthyologists David Starr Jordan (1851-1931) and Henry Weed Fowler (1878-1965) with the type locality given as Naha, Okinawa Island in the Ryukyu Islands. The specific name daedalma means a style of artistic embroidery and refers to the patterning shown by this species.
Utlisation
Chaetodon daedalma is uncommon in the fish keeping trade outside Japan as it has a rather restricted distribution and it prefers cooler conditions than related species. When it is exported it commands a high price.
References
daedalma
Fish described in 1902
Dorina Ágnes Lepp is a Hungarian model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned as Magyarország Szépe 2015 First Runner-Up and Hungary's representative in Miss Earth 2015. The pageant was won by Daniella Kiss of Bag.
Pageantry
Magyarország Szépe 2015
Dorina Ágnes Lepp who was adjudged the first runner-up in the finals of Magyarország Szépe 2015 (Miss World Hungary 2015) pageant held on 21 June 2015.
The delegates competed through different layers of Preliminary competition at the finale of Miss World Hungary 2015. Dorina Agnes, excelled in all the three rounds, including Bikini Round with a retro vibe, evening gown round, and Swimsuit round. At the same event, Daniella Kiss was crowned as the winner of Miss World Hungary 2015 by the outgoing queen Edina Kulcsar. She will represent Hungary at the Miss World 2015 pageant and Virag Steingruber was adjudged the second runner-up.
Miss Earth 2015
Dorina competed at Miss Earth 2015 and placed Top 16.
References
Miss Earth 2015 contestants
Hungarian beauty pageant winners
Living people
Models from Budapest
1993 births
WDCD was a news/talk radio station licensed to Albany, New York, United States and served New York's Capital District, Adirondacks, and much of western New England. The station was owned by DJRA Broadcasting, and broadcast on 1540 kHz at 50 kilowatts from a three-tower directional antenna array adjacent to the station's studios in Colonie, New York.
The station went off the air in April 2012 and returned to the air on March 27, 2013 simulcasting Christian talk-formatted WDCD-FM 96.7. On July 10, 2013, The NEW 1540 AM was announced with a news/talk format including Laura Ingraham, Bob Dutko, Neil Boron, Jerry Doyle and Andrea Tantaros. On October 16, 2017, WDCD went silent for the final time. The station surrendered its license to the FCC on September 28, 2018.
History
WDCD signed on August 10, 1948 as WPTR, with 10,000 watts of power from its current location in Colonie. The call letters were requested as such to reflect the original licensee, Patroon Broadcasting Company, which was owned by Schine Chain Theatres. The studios were located in the Hotel Ten Eyck in Albany. In 1953, the station gained the ABC Radio affiliation from exiting WXKW, and primarily programmed a mix of popular and country music along with news & sports. It was during this period that 1540 increased power to 50,000 watts full-time to combat nighttime interference from co-channel stations KXEL in Waterloo, Iowa and ZNS-1 in Nassau, Bahamas (although the official explanation to the Federal Communications Commission [FCC] was the "poor ground conductivity" at the transmitter site).
WPTR also had a partnership with a local FM station (W47A/WBCA, the first independent FM radio station in the United States) to produce pre-recorded programming in WBCA's state-of-the-art Schenectady studios.
On September 16, 1953, American Airlines Flight 723 flew between the northeast and center towers of the station's 3 tower array. The plane was cleared for a contact approach to Albany Airport's Runway 10. On final approach, while still miles west of the airport, the Convair descended too low, and, at an altitude of , struck two of the set of three -tall radio masts arrayed northeast to southwest. The right wing struck the center tower of the three, then the left wing struck the northeast tower. Seven feet of the outer panel of the right wing including the right aileron and control mechanism from the center hinge outboard together with 15 feet of the left outer wing panel and aileron separated from the aircraft.
Ground impact occurred beyond the northeast tower. At this point, the aircraft had rolled to a partially inverted attitude. The nose and left wing struck the ground first. The rest of the airplane fell to earth in short order and caught fire. The aircraft narrowly missed hitting a trailer park on the Albany-Schenectady road. All 28 occupants on board (25 passengers, 2 pilots, and a flight attendant) were killed. The aircraft crashed just north of Central Avenue (NY Route 5). To date, this is the worst aviation accident in the Albany area.
By 1957, in an effort to become more competitive with the more established stations in the region, a new "Top 40" format was introduced to Capital District listeners. WTRY also had top 40 programs at the time, but did not devote the entire broadcast day to it. Popular hosts on WPTR included Boom Boom Brannigan, Charlie Brown, and Bob Badger. Brannigan would stay with the station until 1974. The popular rock-and-roll format had a loyal following among listeners both locally, and throughout the northeastern United States, as well as a good portion of eastern and Maritime Canada. In fact, WPTR had a stronger skywave signal in the western Boston suburbs than Boston's own top 40 station, WMEX. By the early 1960s, WTRY had switched to top 40 music programming full-time, and a ratings war of sorts began between the two stations that lasted well into the 1970s. For much of its top 40 heydays, WPTR was the number-one rated station in the Capital District. In 1960, the studios were moved to the more prominent 1820 Central Avenue location in Colonie, where they remained until a fire severely damaged the interior of the building in 1964. A new broadcast facility was constructed at the transmitter site, and programming originated from what became known as the 'Gold studios' until 2005 when the building was demolished. Programming now originates from new digital facilities inside the transmitter building.
With FM stations becoming increasingly popular with younger listeners, WPTR's ratings entered a steady decline in the mid-1970s, and in 1980 the station's owner, Rust Communications (which also owned WFLY, an FM station that had adopted a top 40 format a year earlier) finally submitted and flipped WPTR to country music in 1980 with veteran jock J.W. Wagner at the helm during morning drive. The station regained some popularity, and when ownership did some improvements (including adding AM Stereo), the station stayed relatively successful. However, competition from FM rival WGNA led WPTR to leave the format in 1988, subsequently trying different talk, sports, and news formats with meager results each time. In 1995, Albany Broadcasting sold WPTR to Crawford Broadcasting, with the sale closing that September.
Upon taking over, Crawford changed the call sign to WDCD, in honor of founder Don Crawford. (Albany Broadcasting reclaimed the WPTR calls the following March, on the former WCDA.) The format was changed to contemporary Christian music and related Christian programming. In 2000, the company brought its secular "Legends" adult standards music format to the station, along with the classic WPTR call letters and Boom Boom Brannigan as morning host; WDCD's religious programming was continued at 96.7 FM, which had simulcast AM 1540 since May 1996. The "Legends" format was a ratings success (putting WPTR back in the top 10 for the first time in 15 years), but a financial pitfall. The situation was greatly complicated when WKLI-FM entered the nostalgia format in November 2001. In 2004, WPTR and WDCD swapped formats and call letters, returning AM 1540 to Christian programming. Several months later, WPTR at the 96.7 FM frequency dropped "Legends" for contemporary Christian music, but flipped to oldies in 2011 due to increased competition from K-LOVE and Air 1, and later began simulcasting WDCD again the same year.
WDCD began broadcasting in HD digital radio in 2006, the second AM station in the area to do so. Recently, WDCD had not been broadcasting in HD Radio, and also signed off between 9-10 every night. WDCD temporarily left the air on April 1, 2012 to make plans for a new format.
WDCD was shut down on October 16, 2017. On September 28, 2018, DJRA surrendered the license to the FCC for cancellation.
References
External links
DCD
Radio stations established in 1948
1948 establishments in New York (state)
Radio stations disestablished in 2017
2017 disestablishments in New York (state)
Defunct radio stations in the United States
Defunct religious radio stations in the United States
DCD
Kristian Støback Wilhelmsen (born 27 April 1991) is a Norwegian politician for the Conservative Party.
In the 2011 election he was elected to Tromsø city council. In the 2013 election he was elected as a deputy representative to the Parliament of Norway from Troms. For the 2015 local election he headed the Conservative Party ballot in Tromsø, fielding as their mayoral candidate.
References
1991 births
Living people
Conservative Party (Norway) politicians
Politicians from Tromsø
Deputy members of the Storting
Swithland is a linear village in the Charnwood borough of Leicestershire, England. The civil parish population was put at 230 in 2004 and 217 in the 2011 census. It is in the old Charnwood Forest, between Cropston, Woodhouse and Woodhouse Eaves. It has a village hall, a parish church and a public house, the Griffin Inn. The village is known for the slate that was quarried in the area.
History
Swithland was originally held by Groby. Part of the village had become held by the Danvers (originally called D'Anvers) family by 1412, and between 1509 and 1796, the whole village was held by the Danvers family. The village includes the 13th-century St Leonard's parish church, which retains the original arcades and has an 18th-century west tower built for Sir John Danvers. It includes monuments to Agnes Scott, Sir John Danvers (actually installed on Danvers's instruction six years before his death) and five of his children. The churchyard of St. Leonard's includes the tomb of Sir Joseph Danvers, 1st Baronet (1686–1753), which was built half inside the graveyard and half outside (on Danvers' estate) to allow his favourite dog to be buried with him (the dog being buried on unconsecrated ground).
Swithland was designated a conservation area in 1993, and includes 31 listed buildings, including the Grade I Mountsorrel Cross, and several Grade II buildings, including the school, which was built in 1843, and a cottage from 1842. The village pub, the Griffin Inn, originally the Griffin Hotel, was built about 1700 and has been put to several uses in its history, including a brewery, bakery, and village mortuary. Most recently, it has had the inclusion of local producer Deli sourcing 80% of their products from within 40 miles. An annual village fair was held in Victorian times outside the pub on the Feast of St Leonard in November.
Swithland Estate
The Swithland Hall estate was held by the family of Danvers until 1796 but after the death of Sir John Danvers (the last male of his line) it passed to his son-in-law, Augustus Richard Butler, second son of the second Earl of Lanesborough, who adopted the surname of Danvers-Butler and afterwards inherited the title of Earl of Lanesborough.
The original Swithland Hall, which stood at the eastern end of the village as it is today, on the site now occupied by Hall Farm, was destroyed by fire in 1822, although part of the hall's boundary wall, including two towers are still in existence, both of which are in Main Street. The current hall, a Grade II listed building, was partially completed in 1834 and finished in 1852, on a different site to the south-east, in what was then known as Swithland Park, by John George Danvers Butler, sixth Earl of Lanesborough. The estate includes the lantern cross that originally stood in Mountsorrel that dates from about 1500 and was moved to its current location in Swithland Park in 1793 by Sir John Danvers, who replaced it with the Buttermarket Cross that still stands there.
Industry
Slate quarrying in the area dates back to Roman times, and was an important activity within the village between the 13th and 19th centuries. Until the mid-19th century, Swithland slate was much in demand for roofing. From the later 17th century until well into the 19th century, slate from Swithland was widely used for gravestones in Leicestershire and neighbouring counties, especially Nottinghamshire. The slate has a poorer cleavage than Welsh slate, but is often exquisitely carved. A distinguishing mark of Swithland slate is the rough texture of the uncarved face. Some gravestones were carved by members of the Hind family of Swithland, but many others were carved by masons elsewhere, to whom the raw slate was sent. One gravestone type found mainly in a group of villages in the Vale of Belvoir is called a "Belvoir Angel". Slates from Swithland for roofing were once commonly used, but demand fell in favour of slates from Wales, which were thinner and lighter.
Since then the quarry has reverted to nature, with the slate pits now flooded and sometimes used by divers. A memorial stone stands in the centre of the village.
The land to the north and south of the village is used for farming, both arable and dairy. Swithland Spring Water, based at Hall Farm, sells locally bottled spring water, which is collected from a spring beneath the farm.
Local attractions
Swithland Reservoir, completed in 1896, is the largest reservoir in Charnwood; it is situated to the north-east of the village. It is accessible via the causeway road to the east of the village and with a dam that can be reached by Kinchley Lane from Mountsorrel, and is a popular site for birdwatching, as well as for walking. Swithland Wood, to the south-west of the village, is near to Bradgate Park. This large area of woodland around a former slate quarry is a popular walking, riding, and hunting spot.
Great Central railway line
Towards the Rothley end of the village runs the Great Central Railway, the last main line ever built linking the north of England with London (apart from the HS2 line under construction in 2021). When the Great Central line opened on 15 March 1899, it was planned for Swithland to have its own station, the Great Central having visions of turning the area into a tourist spot. This never came into fruition, but a bricked-over stairway under the bridge of the railway provides evidence that these plans were taken into serious consideration. A small set of railway exchange sidings were built at this location, but the nearest passenger station was at Rothley.
The preserved Great Central Railway is restoring these sidings to working order. The railway line extends to Leicester North to the south, and Quorn & Woodhouse and Loughborough to the north, crossing Swithland reservoir by a two-part viaduct.
References
External links
Swithland village website
Swithland at the Leicestershire Villages website
Swithland Church website
Villages in Leicestershire
Civil parishes in Leicestershire
Borough of Charnwood
Slate mines in England
Adimakal Udamakal () is a 1987 Indian Malayalam-language political film directed by I. V. Sasi and written by T. Damodaran, starring Mammootty, Mohanlal, Nalini and Seema. Ratheesh, Mukesh, Urvashi, Jagathi Sreekumar, Captain Raju, Lissy, Sukumari and Santhakumari plays supporting roles.
Plot
It is a political film on trade union and its functioning in factories. Trade Union is headed by Raghavan (Mammootty). Mill Owner brings new manager Mohan Cheriyan (Mohanlal) to solve the company's issues with trade union leaders. Meanwhile, Indu, Mill Owner's sister is attracted to Mohan. Nexus between politicians and factory owners dumping workers for their selfish deeds is also highlighted. When the company is about to lay off due to union problems, Raghavan suggests a new formula for solving the company issues and this saves the company. The issue is resolved. However many union members turn against Raghavan. During the climax, chaos breaks out and Raghavan is killed by his own union members who despise him. Mohan is seen holding cloth covered in Raghavan's blood symbolizing Communist flag(red) and idea of "blood and sweat".
Cast
Mammootty as Raghavan, the union leader
Mohanlal as Mohan Cheriyan, the manager
Nalini as Devootty
Seema as Radha
Urvashi as Indhu
Ratheesh as Sukumaran
Balan K. Nair as Karunakaran Nambiar
K. P. Ummer as Andrews
Jagathi Sreekumar as Mukundan
Lizy Raji
Thilakan as Gopalan
Sankaradi as Govindan
Mukesh Jayan
Captain Raju Sathyan
Mamukkoya as Pocker
Janardhanan as Ramachandran
Sukumari as Janu
Devan as Vijayan
Valsala Menon as Madhavi
Kundara Johny as Joseph
Jagannatha Varma as R. K. Shenoy
Santhakumari as Sarada
T. P. Madhavan as Minister
Augustine as Abootty
Release
The film was released on 10 April 1987 and was a commercial success.
References
External links
1980s Malayalam-language films
1987 films
Indian political films
Films directed by I. V. Sasi
Kannarun Wongkajornklai (; born 5 April 1991) is a Thai actress who signed a contract as an actor under Broadcast Thai Television from 2010 to 2021, currently turning into a freelance actor. Famous from playing as Mae Ying Chan Wad in the historical period drama Love Destiny.
Early life and career
Kannaran, nicknamed Prang, was born on April 5, 1991, is the middle child among 3 siblings who graduated primary and secondary from Sarasas Witaed Bangbon School and a bachelor's degree from international college Mahidol University field of Tourism and Hospitality Management with first class honors, GPA 3.78.
Enter the industry from the contest Miss Teen Thailand 2007 by through the final 15 finalists then have the first work in the industry, which is to star in the movie, Incidentally, miss you very much (อนึ่ง คิดถึงเป็นอย่างยิ่ง) in 2009 by receiving the role as Jaeng, and later came in to sign a contract with Broadcast Thai Television Company, by the first performance was the youth series reflects on society, Nong Mai Rhai Borisut, playing the role of Lin in 2010-2012 and has continued to work.
Until decided not to renew the contract and the contract with Broadcast Thai Television Company expired in 2021. The first performance as the freelance actor was the drama "Fah Pieng Din" on One 31 channel, starring with Thanaphat Kawila.
Personal life
Kannaran was in a relationship with Tong Pitawat Pruksakit, a famous rapper known as Tong Twopee, but broke up in 2019 before dating again in 2021 until Tong Pitawat decided to kneel and ask Kannaran to marry at The Edge, a top of the Hudson Yards building in central New York City while Tong Pitawat was on traveling to perform a concert by Nana Rybena and Way Thaitanium, who are seniors in Tong's rapper industry, were witnesses. but now both of them have broken up.
Filmography
Television dramas
2013 Paen Rai Phai Ruk (แผนร้ายพ่ายรัก) (Master One VDO Production/Ch.3) as Pisa (พิศา)
2013 Dao Kaew Duen (ดาวเกี้ยวเดือน) (Boardcast Thai​ Television/Ch.3) as Khun Ying Nim (หม่อมราชวงศ์หญิงนิมมานรดี นพรัตน์ (คุณหญิงนิ่ม)) with Kong Karoon Sosothikul
2014 Phope Ruk (ภพรัก) (เมตตาและมหานิยม/Ch.3) as Buran (Naan) (ร้อยตำรวจตรีหญิง บุหรัน (หมวดแนน))
2015 Bang Rajan (บางระจัน) (Boardcast Thai​ Television/Ch.3) as Feung (เฟื่อง) with Phet Thakrit Hamannopjit
2016 Payak Rai Ruk Puan (สายลับรักป่วน) (Mindsatworktv Co.,Ltd./Ch.3) as Tan (แตน) with Golf Pichaya Nitipaisankul
2017 Buang Banjathorn (บ่วงบรรจถรณ์) (Boardcast Thai​ Television/Ch.3) as Thongriew (เจ้านางตองริ้ว สุวรรณศักดิ์) with Nattawin Wattanagitiphat
2018 Love Destiny (บุพเพสันนิวาส) (Boardcast Thai​ Television/Ch.3) as Lady Chanwat, daughter of Lek and Nim (แม่หญิงจันทร์วาด) with Parama Imanothai
2018 Nak Soo Taywada (นักสู้เทวดา) (Step Power Three/Ch.3) as Hataya (หทยา เทพารักษ์ (ญา)) with Parama Imanothai
2020 Fah Fak Ruk (ฟ้าฝากรัก) (Broadcast Thai Television/Ch.3) as Yoga Instructor (พิธีกรรายการ VOGA enternity) (Cameo)
2020 Mia Archeep (เมียอาชีพ) (Step Power Three/Ch.3) as Chollada (Dao) (ชลลดา (ดาว)) with Mai Warit Sirisantana
2021 Duang Jai Nai Montra (ดวงใจในมนตรา) (Boardcast Thai​ Television/Ch.3) as Wasita (Wanda) (วาสิตา (แวนด้า)) with Peter Corp Dyrendal
2021 Khun Pee Chuay Duay (Help Me คุณผีช่วยด้วย) (TV Scene & Picture/Ch.3) as Arnong (Nong) (อนงค์ (นงค์)) with Chantavit Dhanasevi & Weerakhan Kanwattanakun
2022 Fah Pieng Din (2022) (ฟ้าเพียงดิน) (The One Enterprise/One 31) as Chompoo / Sarika Sarayuttapichai (ชมพู่ / สาลิกา สรายุทธพิชัย) with Film Thanapat Kawila
2022 Sai Lub Lip Gloss (สายลับลิปกลอส) (Boardcast Thai​ Television/Ch.3) as (ฝน) with Parama Imanothai
20 Love Destiny 2 (พรหมลิขิต) (Boardcast Thai​ Television/Ch.3) as Lady Chanwat, daughter of Lek and Nim (แม่หญิงจันทร์วาด) with Parama Imanothai
Television series
2010 - 2012 Nong Mai Rai Borisut (น้องใหม่ร้ายบริสุทธิ์) (Boardcast Thai​ Television/Ch.3) as Lin (หลิน)
2015 (บันทึกกรรม ตอน เงื่อน/ตาย) (Mindsatworktv/Ch.3) as Aorapreeya (อรปรียา)
2016 (บันทึกกรรม ตอน เสน่ห์ยาแฝด) (Mindsatworktv/Ch.3) as Nida (นิดา)
2017 The Cupids Series Part 7 : Kammathep Jum Laeng (บริษัทรักอุตลุด เรื่อง กามเทพจำแลง) (Boardcast Thai​ Television/Ch.3) as Prima (พริมา) with Teeradetch Metawarayut
Television sitcom
20 Pen Tor (เป็นต่อ ตอน) (The One Enterprise/One 31) as () () (Cameo)
Film
2009 Miss You Again (2009) (อนึ่ง คิดถึงเป็นอย่างยิ่ง) (Five-Star Production) as Jang (แจง)
2021 Haunted Tales (2021) (เรื่อง ผี เล่า ตอน ไปผุดไปเกิด) (M39) as Thiwa (ทิวา) with Arak Amornsupasiri & Prin Suparat
Music video appearance
2020 Ham (ห้าม) Ost.Mia Archeep - Wan Wanwan (Chandelier Music/YouTube:Ch3Thailand Music)
2022 Par Ter (แพ้เธอ) Ost.Fah Pieng Din - ภูมิ แก้วฟ้าเจริญ (The One Enterprise/YouTube:one31) with Film Thanapat Kawila
MC
Online
2020 : ไปกับแม๊ EP. 1 On Air YouTube:Ladiiprang
References
Living people
1991 births
Kannarun Wongkajornklai
Kannarun Wongkajornklai
Kannarun Wongkajornklai
Kannarun Wongkajornklai
Kannarun Wongkajornklai
Kannarun Wongkajornklai
Kannarun Wongkajornklai
Kannarun Wongkajornklai
Kannarun Wongkajornklai
Female YouTubers
Stevan Pletikosić () (born 14 March 1972 in Kragujevac, Serbia, then SFR Yugoslavia) is a sport shooter from Serbia. While still a junior, he won a bronze medal in Men's 50 m Rifle Prone in the 1992 Summer Olympics. The year before, at the 1991 ISSF World Cup in the same event, he had become the only junior ever to achieve the maximum score of 600 in a world-class competition.
Pletikosić started competing in 1982, when he was 10 years old. He won a first medal at the European Championships winning a silver at the 1989 European Shooting Championships in Zagreb, SFR Yugoslavia. During his career, he won another European silver medal and was European champion twice. His first international medal was won at the 1994 ISSF World Shooting Championships, which was also a silver medal. Yugoslav Olympic Committee proclaimed him sportsman of the year in 1994. Pletikosić also won a silver in the 2006 ISSF World Shooting Championships, now in the Three positions event, and he won the 2008 ISSF World Cup competition in the Prone event in Rio de Janeiro.
Results at the Olympic Games
World records
Notes
External links
DatabaseOlympics.com
1972 births
Serbian male sport shooters
ISSF rifle shooters
Shooters at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic shooters as Independent Olympic Participants
Olympic shooters of Yugoslavia
Olympic shooters of Serbia and Montenegro
Olympic shooters of Serbia
Olympic bronze medalists as Independent Olympic Participants
World record holders in shooting
Sportspeople from Kragujevac
Living people
Olympic medalists in shooting
European Games competitors for Serbia
Shooters at the 2015 European Games
Medalists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Mediterranean Games silver medalists for Yugoslavia
Competitors at the 1997 Mediterranean Games
Competitors at the 2005 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for Serbia
Mediterranean Games medalists in shooting
The Miri-Sibuti Coral Reefs National Park is a protected area of coral reefs in Miri Division, Sarawak, Malaysia, off the island of Borneo. The park is a popular dive destination. The Miri-Sibuti Coral Reefs National Park, lying at depths ranging from at the seaward edge, has an average visibility of . The best time to dive is from late March through November each year. Popular diving sites includes Anemone Garden, Grouper Patch Reef, Atago Maru Wreck and Seafan Garden. There are also some wreck dives. It is one of Malaysia's most recently discovered diving locations and the largest offshore national park created in the state of Sarawak.
The reefs house a wide diversity of marine creatures including soft corals like leather corals, sea whips, Bubble corals, staghorn corals, Dendronephthya and Gorgonia sea fans, as well as sponges including elephant ear spongees. Fish species include clown fish, yellow and blueback fusiliers, angelfish, butterfly fish, sea perch, lizardfish, batfish, jackfish, barracudas, Napoleon wrasse and sharks. Other creatures include feather stars, giant clams, nudibranches, sea anemone and seahorses.
See also
List of national parks of Malaysia
List of reefs
References
External links
Project of Sarawak's Coral Reef
Miri Dive Sites
Coral reefs
National parks of Sarawak
Aleksandr Romanovich Bok or, in German, Alexander Friedrich von Bock (Russian: Алексaндр Ромaнович (фон-) Бок; (7 June 1829, Dorpat - 17 August 1895, Saint Petersburg) was a Baltic-German sculptor and art professor.
Biography
From 1850 to 1857, he studied at the Imperial Academy of Arts, where his primary instructor was Peter Clodt. During his time there, he received several awards. Upon graduating, he was presented with a large gold medal for his bas-relief depicting the Crucifixion. He was also named an "Artist First-Class". The following year, he was given a stipend to study abroad. From then until 1864, he spent time in Germany, France and Italy.
Upon returning, he was named "Professor of Sculpture", for the figures of Psyche and Cupid that he created while in Rome. Both works were purchased by Tsar Alexander II, and placed in the Hermitage. The following year, he was elected a member of the faculty in the sculpture department at the academy. He taught at the academy, and was a member of its governing council, until his death.
In 1880, he offered several of his works to the academy's museum, including the cast for a colossal bust of Tsarina Catherine II. He was promoted to "Professor First-Degree" in 1883. His notable students included , Vladimir Beklemishev, , Maria Lvovna Dillon, and Leonid Sherwood.
One of his best known works was a bronze figure of Minerva, surrounded by young genii, representing the various arts. Designed for the academy's dome, it was installed there in 1885. It was destroyed in a fire only fifteen years later. The original models were preserved, and it was restored in 2003.
References
Further reading
Entry on Bock from the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary @ Russian WikiSource
Fyodor Bulgakov, Наши художники (Our Artists, 1889), reissued in 2002, Букинистика, , pp.48-52 (Online)
External links
Biography of Bock and references @ Art Investment (in Russian)
1829 births
1895 deaths
Russian sculptors
Baltic German people of the Russian Empire
Imperial Academy of Arts alumni
People from Tartu
Eric Goodwin (6 March 1929 – 2012) was an English professional footballer who played in the Football League for Mansfield Town.
References
1929 births
2012 deaths
English footballers
Association football defenders
English Football League players
Coventry City F.C. players
Mansfield Town F.C. players
Polymixia berndti is a species of beardfish found in the Indian and Pacific Oceans. This species grows to a length of SL.
Appearance and anatomy
The species has 4-5 dorsal spines and 28-31 dorsal soft rays. It is usually dusky-greenish or silver.
Environment and climate
Polymixia berndti is found in reef-associated deep water locations in the Indo-Pacific Ocean. The species is also distributed below Australia, north of Japan, and in the aquatic region from East Africa to the Hawaiian Islands.
Polymixia berndti has a depth range of 18 – 585 m.
References
External links
Polymixiiformes
The yellow-billed jacamar (Galbula albirostris) is a species of bird in the family Galbulidae. It is found in Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Guyana, Peru, Suriname, and Venezuela.
Taxonomy and systematics
The yellow-billed jacamar was placed in its own genus, Pslilpornis, in the early 20th century; that genus was merged into Galbula by the middle of the century. It and the blue-necked jacamar (Galbula cyanicollis) were later considered conspecific but have been treated as a superspecies since approximately 1974. The yellow-billed jacamar has two subspecies, the nominate Galbula albirostris albirostris and G. a. chalcocephala.
Description
The nominate yellow-billed jacamar is long and weighs . The male's crown is glossy copper or purplish and the rest of the upper parts are emerald green. The chin is buff, the throat white, and the rest of the underparts are pale reddish cinnamon. The female has paler underparts and a reddish buff throat.
Subspecies G. a. chalcocephala is also long but a little lighter, weighing . Compared to the nominate, its crown is bronzy purple and its back a darker bronzy green. The chin is darker and the reddish cinnamon of the underparts is richer. The male's throat is the same white but the female's is reddish cinnamon.
Distribution and habitat
Both subspecies of yellow-billed jacamar occur east of the Andes and north of the Amazon River. The nominate subspecies is found from eastern Colombia's Meta Department through southern and eastern Venezuela into the Guianas and south into northern Brazil. G. a. chalcocephala is found along the upper Orinoco River in southern Venezuela south through southeastern Colombia, eastern Ecuador, and western Brazil to northeastern Peru.
The preferred habitats of the two subspecies differ somewhat. The nominate inhabits terra firme, várzea, and igapó forests, both primary and secondary. Unlike may other jacamars, it is found primarily in the forest interior rather than its edges, but does frequent openings like clearings and treefalls. It also can be found in gallery forest and sandy coastal forest. Though it has been recorded as high as , it is usually below . In general, G. a. chalcocephala has similar requirements, but in Ecuador and Peru it seems to occur only in terra firme forest. In elevation it has been recorded to in Ecuador and to in Peru.
Behavior
Feeding
The yellow-billed jacamar's diet is a large variety of insects. It perches on exposed branches in the canopy, typically in pairs, and sallies from there to catch its flying prey. It also joins mixed-species foraging flocks.
Breeding
Nest burrows of the nominate yellow-billed jacamar have been recorded in arboreal termite nests, and it is assumed to burrow into earth banks as well, like most other jacamars. The nominate nests during the dry season (June to November). Nothing is known about the breeding phenology of G. a. chalcocephala.
Vocalization
The yellow-billed jacamar's song is "a high-pitched 'peea peea-pee-pee-te-t-t-e'e'e'e'e'e' or 'peea-pee-pee-te-t-t-t't't't't'ttttt'r'" ending in a rattle. Its calls are described as "a sharp 'peek', 'tew' and 'trra'", sometimes in a series.
Status
The IUCN has assessed the yellow-billed jacamar as being of The Least Concern. However, "it is presumably sensitive to deforestation and other types of habitat destruction."
References
External links
Yellow-billed jacamar videos on the Internet Bird Collection
Yellow-billed jacamar photo gallery VIREO Photo-High Res
yellow-billed jacamar
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Guianas
yellow-billed jacamar
Birds of Brazil
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Brad Gross (born 29 October 1990) is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Australia.
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
Australian motorcycle racers
Living people
1990 births
125cc World Championship riders
William M. Staub is a Canadian retired ice hockey Left Wing who was an All-American for Denver.
Career
Staub joined the varsity team at Denver in 1961, after the program had won consecutive national championships. A great many players had left after the 1961 title and the team regressed slightly in Staub's first season. Denver finished third in the WCHA tournament and missed out on the NCAA Tournament. The following season, Murray Armstrong's team rebounded and finished atop the conference with Staub leading the club in scoring. He was named an All-American and a All-WCHA First Teamer and helped the Pioneers capture the conference championship. Denver made the championship game that season, however, the team could not overcome a huge first period by North Dakota and fell 5–6.
For his senior season, Staub was named team co-captain and led the team to a second-place finish in the WCHA. The Pioneers upset top-seeded Michigan and earned the #1 spot for the NCAA Tournament. After defeating Rensselaer in the semifinal, Denver and Michigan met for a rematch in the title game and this time the Wolverines came out on top. Despite failing to score in the final match, Staub was named to the All-Tournament First Team.
After graduating, Staub continued his playing career. He started with a season of senior hockey and led the Jacksonville Rockets in scoring. After that strong showing he joined the Houston Apollos, a minor professional team and ended up playing in the American Hockey League over parts of two seasons. Staub, however, couldn't keep up his scoring numbers in the AHL and transferred to the IHL in 1968. He spent six seasons in the second-tier minor league, winning a Turner Cup with the Dayton Gems in 1970. He retired in 1976 after a short stint with the Greensboro Generals.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
Awards and honors
References
External links
1941 births
Living people
Canadian ice hockey centres
Ice hockey people from Manitoba
Sportspeople from Winnipeg
Denver Pioneers men's ice hockey players
Jacksonville Rockets players
Providence Reds players
Houston Apollos players
Quebec Aces (AHL) players
Columbus Checkers players
Fort Wayne Komets players
Dayton Gems players
Toledo Hornets players
Greensboro Generals (EHL) players
AHCA Division I men's ice hockey All-Americans
Jack W. Robbins (1919–2005) was a principal prosecutor for the United States in the Pohl Trial. The Pohl Trial was the fourth of twelve trials for war crimes the U.S. authorities held in Nuremberg, Germany, after the end of World War II. Robbins was the youngest and longest-surviving prosecutor for the trial.
References
External links
Robbins' speech at the Robert H. Jackson Center on 6/7/04 in .WMA format
Robbins Follows Jackson's Example In Nuremberg Prosecution
Nazi Doctor Prosecutor To Speak At Center
Robbins speaks for the Robert H. Jackson Center .WMV format
1920 births
2005 deaths
Nuremberg trials
American prosecutors
American expatriates in Germany
The great jacamar (Jacamerops aureus) is a species of bird in the family Galbulidae. It is placed in the monotypic genus Jacamerops. It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Costa Rica, Ecuador, French Guiana, Guyana, Panama, Peru, Suriname, and Venezuela, where its natural habitat is subtropical and tropical moist lowland forests.
Taxonomy
German zoologist Philipp Ludwig Statius Müller described the species in 1776. The species name is the Latin adjective aureus "golden". In 2000, the binomial name was changed from J. aurea to J. aureus so the species name agreed in gender with the genus name.
Description
It measures in length and weighs between . As indicated by its name, this is the largest species of jacamar and much bulkier than any other species in the family. The adult male chin, cheeks and upper region are all bright metallic green with gold overtones, with a blueish tinge on the chin, forehead and tail and purple copper on the back. The lower part of the throat is white and the rest of the lower region is deep rufous. The primaries are black, the tail is blue-black, below the beak is black, and the legs are dark horn-colored. The female resembles the male, but has no white spot on the throat.
Like all members of the order Piciformes, jacamars and their relatives have zygodactyl feet, with two toes pointing forward and two facing back. Jacamars evolved with this toe arrangement, which helps them grasp branches while hunting in trees.
Because 13 of the 17 Galbulidae species belong to super-species complexes, researcher J. Haffer concludes that jacamars had a relatively recent Pleistocene radiation of the family. Jacamars are believed to have originated in the Amazon region where they are most common, and spread to other parts of Central and South America. Unique anatomical features of this family include a long appendix, no gall bladder, a bare preen gland, and a long, thin tongue.
Habitat
Its natural habitat is the natural tropical forest to altitude. It lives in the middle levels of the canopy and inside the shaded edges of the rainforest, usually on the banks of streams.
It can be difficult to spot because it is noted for sitting in one spot for a long period of time.
Food
It feeds on insects caught in flight, and on spiders on vegetation. While sitting in its canopy, they prey by following after them, and then by beating them against a branch before they consume it. Some of the jacamars will also eat small vertebrates like lizards.
Reproduction
It breeds from March to May or June. Its nest is a chamber made of a termite tree, at a height between .
These birds will burr holes in arboreal termitaria 3-15 meter above ground.
The incubation time for the great jacamars is about 20–23 days. The baby chicks come out from their nest around 21–26 days; When they emerge they are covered in white down. Both male and female jacamars incubate and will care for their baby chicks.
Jacamars lay one to four round, glossy, white eggs. Both parents incubate the eggs during the day for one to three hours at a time. At night, the female incubates alone while the male stays nearby to defend the nest. Jacamars rarely leave eggs unattended.
Conservation
This species has an extremely large range, and does not approach the title for Vulnerable under the range size criterion (Extent of Occurrence <20,000 km2 combined with a declining or fluctuating range size, habitat extent/quality, or population size and a small number of locations or severe fragmentation). Even though the population shows to be decreasing, the decline is not presumed to be able to get the title for Vulnerable under the population trend criterion (>30% decline over ten years or three generations). The population size has not been calculated, but it is not believed to reach the namesake for Vulnerable under the population size criterion (<10,000 mature individuals with a continuing decline estimated to be >10% in ten years or three generations, or with a specified population structure). For the reasons listed above the species is labeled as Least Concern.
References
External links
Image at ADW
great jacamar
Birds of Nicaragua
Birds of Costa Rica
Birds of Panama
Birds of Colombia
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Ecuadorian Amazon
Birds of the Peruvian Amazon
Birds of the Guianas
great jacamar
Birds of Brazil
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The National Association for Sustainable Agriculture, Australia (NASAA) is an Australian and international organic certifying agency and trade association, located in Stirling, South Australia.
Background
Formed in 1986, the National Association for Sustainable Agriculture, Australia (NASAA) is a non-profit membership based association, whose charter is "to support the education of industry and consumers on organic, biodynamic and sustainable agricultural practices". The scope of NASAA's standard covers the organic supply chain, including input manufacturers, producers, processors, and wholesale and retail operations.
NASAA was the first organic certification entity in Australia, it was also one of the first certifiers in the world to be accredited by the International Federation of Organic Agriculture Movements (IFOAM). It certifies production and processing operations in 10 countries globally, including Australia, Indonesia, Malaysia, Nepal, Papua New Guinea, Samoa, Singapore, Solomon Islands, Sri Lanka, and USA.
Accreditations
NASAA offers organic certification to a number of Australian and international standards via its certification arm NASAA Certified Organic (NCO).
NCO is nationally audited and accredited under the Australian Department of Agriculture and Water Resources (DAWR) Organic and Bio-dynamic Program.
NCO is also accredited by the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) to carry out organic certification services under that country's National Organic Program (NOP), and by the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries (Japan) to offer certification to operators who are compliant with the Japanese Agricultural Standard (JAS).
NCO are accredited by IFOAM in seven categories of organic certification: Aquaculture, Certification Transference, Crop production, Grower groups, livestock, Processing and handling, and Wild products.
Publications
NASAA Organic Standard – for Primary Production, Manufacturing & Distribution
NASAA Organic Trader Standard - Retail, Restaurants & Markets
References
Sustainable agriculture
Agricultural organisations based in Australia
Seven Guns to Mesa is a 1958 Western film directed by Edward Dein.
Cast
Charles Quinlivan as John Trey
Lola Albright as Julie Westcott
James Griffith as Papa Clellan
Jay Adler as Ben Avery
Jack Carr as Sam Denton
John Cliff as Simmons
Burt Nelson as Bear
John Merrick as Brown
Charles Keane as Marsh
Rush Williams as Duncan
Gerald Frank as Crandall
Don Sullivan as Louis Middleton
Reed Howes as Stage Driver
Mauritz Hugo as Lt. Franklin
External links
1958 films
1958 Western (genre) films
Allied Artists films
American black-and-white films
American Western (genre) films
Films scored by Leith Stevens
1950s English-language films
Films directed by Edward Dein
1950s American films
At the 1900 Summer Olympics, seven of the archery events that took place in Paris, France, are considered to be "Olympic" by Olympic historians, with 153 archers competing in them. The identities of 17 of those archers are known, though a number of those are known only by their surnames. In total 1400 archers to over 1500 archers participated in the archery competitions. It was the first time that archery was featured in the Olympics. All seven events were for men. Only France, Belgium, and the Netherlands sent archers. Six Dutch archers competed; none qualified for any of the individual event finals.
Before July 2021 the IOC has never decided which events were "Olympic" and which were not. The events included here exclude many of the archery events held in France in 1900 connected to the World's Fair. Those events, if included, would put the number of archers over 5,000. They are excluded typically because of their status as French national championships rather than international contests (even though international participants were invited) or because, as team events, they were essentially qualifiers for the final events.
The team events au berceau served as qualifying for the individual events. The top eight finishers in the team events au cordon doré were eligible to compete for the individual titles, while the top six finishers in the team events au chapelet were eligible to compete for the individual titles. Two immensely popular types of archery – short-range butt shooting in a covered gallery (au berceau) and popinjay (sur la perche) – were practiced mainly in France and Belgium. A case could be made that only one event took place au berceau, that of Championnat du Monde. This event was contested between the two best performing au berceau archers in the individual events, au cordon doré and au chapelet (Henri Hérouin and Hubert Van Innis). Thus, all the earlier events could be considered qualifying for that one final event.
Medal table
Medal summary
Participating nations
A total of 153 archers from 3 nations competed at the Paris Games:
See also
List of Olympic medalists in archery
References
International Olympic Committee athletes database
De Wael, Herman. Herman's Full Olympians: "Archery 1900". Accessed 17 January 2006. Available electronically at .
1900 Summer Olympics events
1900
1900 in archery
Frost & Sullivan is an American business consulting firm. It offers market research and analysis, growth strategy consulting, and corporate training. It has about 45 offices in the Americas, Africa, Asia and Europe; the principal office is in Santa Clara, California.
History
Frost & Sullivan was started by Dan L. Sullivan and Lore A. Frost in New York City in 1961. In the 1970s it started a corporate training division, began sponsoring conferences and industry meetings, and opened an office in London.
In 1982, it was publicly traded, and had annual revenues of $9.1 million. By 1987 revenue had grown to around $17.5 million, with $290,000 in net earnings. Theodore Cross acquired 53% of the stock in the mid-1980s. In January 1988 the company was taken private by merger with a subsidiary of FAS Acquisition Co., a company formed by Cross and Warburg Pincus Capital. It was sold to David Frigstad in 1993.
A sales office in New York was damaged in the September 11 attacks. During the ensuing recession the company laid off 10% of its 700 staff.
Frost & Sullivan issues industry awards based on research using a proprietary methodology, which is sometimes based on a single article produced by the receiver of the award. Organizations that receive a Frost & Sullivan award must pay a fee to communicate the outcome to the public.
References
Consulting firms established in 1961
Research and analysis firms of the United States
Research and analysis firms
1961 establishments in New York City
1988 mergers and acquisitions
1993 mergers and acquisitions
Edmond De Knibber was a Belgian archer. He competed at the 1920 Summer Olympics, winning three medals, two gold and a silver.
References
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Belgian male archers
Olympic archers of Belgium
Archers at the 1920 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing
Olympic gold medalists for Belgium
Olympic silver medalists for Belgium
Olympic medalists in archery
Medalists at the 1920 Summer Olympics
20th-century Belgian people
The Class 44 (German: Baureihe 44 or BR 44) was a ten-coupled, heavy goods train steam locomotive built for the Deutsche Reichsbahn as a standard steam engine class (Einheitsdampflokomotive). Its sub-class was G 56.20 and it had triple cylinders. It was intended for hauling goods trains of up to on the routes through Germany's hilly regions (Mittelgebirge) and up to on steep inclines. They were numbered 44 001-44 1989 .
History
The first 10 examples were built in 1926. These engines had a somewhat higher steam consumption than the first ten units of the DRG Class 43 procured in parallel for comparison purposes, and which were equipped with two cylinders. Not until 1937 were further 44s procured, because by then the rising demands of rail transportation could be better met with a triple-cylinder configuration.
From 1926 to 1949, a total of 1,989 locomotives were manufactured. During the Second World War an austerity variant was built with simplified construction and delivery, known as the Class 44ÜK (one of the so-called Übergangskriegslokomotive). This primarily used home-produced materials; components were simplified, both in manufacturing methods and design, or left out completely. The most striking features of the ÜK locomotives were the omission of the smoke deflectors (that from 44 013 was standard) and also the forward side windows of the driver's cab.
After the war, Class 44 locomotives remained with the following railway administrations:
DB (from 09/1949): 1,242 units
DR (East Germany): 335 units
PKP: 67 units (classified as Ty4)
ČSD: 3 units
ÖBB: 11 units, plus 5 units claimed by the Soviet Union as war booty
SNCF: 14 units (classified as Class 150 X along with the 226 units built on assembly lines in French factories)
SNCB: 1 unit, traded back to West Germany in 1950 but sent to France in 1952
Fate unknown: 74 (one locomotive had been retired in 1944).
The Austrian Federal Railways (ÖBB) gave 9 engines back to the Deutsche Bundesbahn (DB) in 1952.
The DB transferred at least 291 engines to the French railways SNCF as reparations. These were predominantly locomotives that had been built in France, most of them never ran and were sold for scrap. The SNCF sold on 48 engines in 1955 to the Turkish State Railway (TCDD).
Until their replacement by modern diesel and electric locomotives, the Class 44 engines were the backbone of heavy goods train duties in Germany.
German railwaymen nicknamed the Class 44 locomotive the "Jumbo" because of its power. Only the rebuilt (Reko) locomotives of East Germany's Class 58.30, converted between 1958 and 1962, attained the performance of the Class 44s, at least on the plains.
Construction
The top speed of the standard variant was 80 km/h, the prototypes (44 001 to 44 010) were permitted to run at 70 km/h. The engine is designed as a 3-cylinder locomotive with one cylinder located in the middle. The outside cylinders drive the third axle, the inside one drives the second.
Standard 2′2′ T 32 and 2′2′ T 34 tenders were used. Both types held 10 tonnes of coal.
Variants
The Class 44 used a lot of steam and correspondingly large amounts of coal. In order to simplify the work and hold its power steady, 32 locomotives were converted to oil-firing by the DB in 1958 and 91 by the DR in 1963. With oil firing, the viscous fuel oil, almost solid when cold, is liquefied by a jet of steam, atomised and then combusted. The job of the stoker consists of starting the burner, greasing and pumping.
The DB's oil-fired locomotives ran under the classification 043 in the new EDP-generated numbering scheme of 1968 until they were retired. These numbers were spare because all DRG Class 43 engines belonged to the DR's fleet. The engines with grate firing were given the designation 044.
The DR converted 20 locomotives to Wendler coal dust firing. These proved themselves well on the ramps of the Thuringian Forest with their precise firing. However no more locomotives were converted, as oil-firing was generally favoured because it enabled unrestricted operations.
Following the 1973 oil crisis, all oil-fired engines in the DR were reconverted to coal-firing, because they were indispensable for operations. They were given the old operating numbers that they had previously carried prior to their modification to oil-firing. In the DB, they were not reconverted because they were soon due for retirement. The last coal-fired Class 44 locomotive with the DB was taken out of service in 1977 at the Gelsenkirchen-Bismarck shed.
On its final journey, number 043 903-4 hauled train 81453 (consisting of a breakdown train equipment wagon) from Oldersum to Emden on 26 October 1977 for the Neubauamt Nord. It was the last scheduled steam service on the Deutsche Bundesbahn.
Preserved Locomotives
At present there are still two working "44s" in the world. At the 'traditional locomotive shed' at Stassfurt (Traditionsbetriebswerk Staßfurt), stands number 44 1486, the only current representative of her class in Germany. In addition, number 44 1593 remains operational with the Veluwsche Stoomtrein Maatschappij (VSM) in Beekbergen, Netherlands.
The following non-working Class 44s can be visited in various German railway museums:
44 1093, owned by the DB Museum, in Arnstadt shed
44 1338, the former heating engine, in the Saxon Railway Museum (Sächsisches Eisenbahnmuseum) at Chemnitz-Hilbersdorf
44 404 (see section on Trial Locomotives) in the Darmstadt-Kranichstein Railway Museum
44 1558 in Gelsenkirchen-Bismarck
44 508 in the former satellite shed at Westerburg (Westerwald)
Monuments include:
043 903 remains preserved as a monument on the railway forecourt in Emden
044 389-5 as a monument in Altenbeken.
Details of other locomotives are given in the list of preserved steam locomotives in Germany.
Trial Locomotives
In 1932 and 1933 the firm of Henschel built two trial locomotives designed for a raised boiler overpressure of 25 bar and equipped with four-cylinder compounding, which were also incorporated into Class 44. The two engines, which initially ran under the numbers M 01 1004 and M 01 1005, and later than 44 011 and 44 012, were certainly very powerful, but also high-maintenance. As a result, the initial boiler pressure of 25 bar was quickly reduced to 16 bar.
After the Second World War, number 44 011 went to the Deutsche Bundesbahn and 44 012 to the DR. The DB engine, being a one-off, was retired as early as 1950. Number 44 012 was operated by the FVA Halle as a braking locomotive and not retired until 1962.
In 1975, the repair shop at Brunswick fitted a Riggenbach counter-pressure brake to 44 404. The Bundesbahn Federal Railway Office in Minden used this engine as a braking engine to test new electric locomotives. In 1977 it was retired. It stands today in the Darmstadt-Kranichstein Railway Museum.
See also
List of DRG locomotives and railbuses
Notes
References
Further reading
External links
Zollern Railway Society
Die lokomotive datenbank
44
2-10-0 locomotives
44
Railway locomotives introduced in 1926
Standard gauge locomotives of Germany
1′E h3 locomotives
Freight locomotives
In enzymology, a precorrin-8X methylmutase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
precorrin-8X hydrogenobyrinate
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, precorrin 8X, and one product, hydrogenobyrinate.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those intramolecular transferases transferring other groups. The systematic name of this enzyme class is precorrin-8X 11,12-methylmutase. Other names in common use include precorrin isomerase, hydrogenobyrinic acid-binding protein and CobH. This enzyme is part of the biosynthetic pathway to cobalamin (vitamin B12) in aerobic bacteria.
See also
Cobalamin biosynthesis
Structural studies
As of late 2007, 6 structures have been solved for this class of enzymes, with PDB accession codes , , , , , and .
References
EC 5.4.99
Enzymes of known structure
Kennedy Ridge () is an ice-covered ridge, long, which is notably straight and extends west from Mount Moxley between Potter Glacier and Wirdnam Glacier, in Victoria Land, Antarctica. It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names in 1994 after Nadene Kennedy, a Polar Coordination Specialist at the Office of Polar Programs, National Science Foundation (NSF), who was associated with the NSF Antarctic Program since 1978, including ten working visits to the continent, and at the time of naming was NSF liaison with the Antarctic tourist industry, responsible for implementing Antarctic Treaty reporting requirements and coordination of the Antarctic visitor program.
References
Ridges of the Ross Dependency
Hillary Coast
The Wazirs or Waziris () are a Karlani Pashtun tribe found mainly in the Pakistan-Afghanistan border region of North waziristan, South Waziristan and Bannu[(Ahmadzai Wazir (Domel) and Utmanzai wazir (Baka Khel and Jani Khel)]. The Utmanzai are settled in the North Waziristan Agency and the Ahmadzai are in the South Waziristan Agency and Bannu domel. Those subgroups are in turn divided further, for example into Utmanzai tribes such as the Baka Khel and Jani Khel. The Wazirs speak the Waziristani dialect of Pashto.
The common ancestor of the Ahmadzai and Utmanzai is believed by them to be the eponymous Wazir, who is also ancestor to the Mehsud tribe that has since taken a distinct and divergent path. Through Wazir, the tribes trace their origins to Karlani and thence to the founder of the Pashtun lineage, Qais Abdur Rashid. Some western ethnologists consider them of being mix of Arachosian or Tatar ethnicity.
Although the Utmanzai and Mehsud tribes have a traditional rivalry and live in geographically distinct regions, the Ahmadzai and Mehsud communities co-exist peacefully and many head men are connected by marriage.
Notable members
Haji Mirzali Khan Wazir
Shah Muhammad Khan
Ali Wazir
Arif Wazir
Zartaj Gul
Muhammad Iqbal Wazir
Ayesha Gulalai Wazir
Maria Toorpakai Wazir
Mir Kalam Wazir
Mohammad Wasim
References
Further reading
Karlani Pashtun tribes
The St. Maron's Cathedral ( ) also called Maronite Catholic Cathedral of Buenos Aires Is a religious building of the Catholic Church (Maronite) located at 834 Paraguay Street, in the Autonomous City of Buenos Aires, Argentina. It should not be confused with the metropolitan cathedral of Latin rite of the Holy Trinity, the cathedral of the military bishopric also of Latin rite or the Armenian Catholic Cathedral of Our Lady of Narek, all in the city of Buenos Aires.
In its beginnings, in 1905, the temple was a chapel next to a school. Its current building was inaugurated in 2001. The congregation follows the Maronite rite or Antiochian liturgical tradition and is the seat of the Maronite Eparchy of San Charbel in Buenos Aires, (Eparchia Sancti Sarbelii Bonaërensis Maronitarum) that was established by Pope John Paul II in October 1990.
At the moment it is seat vacant because it does not have responsible bishop. His apostolic administrator is the priest Habib Chamieh.
See also
Roman Catholicism in Argentina
St. Maron's Cathedral in Sydney
References
External links
Eastern Catholic cathedrals in Argentina
Cathedrals in Buenos Aires
Maronite cathedrals
Grethe Inga Rottböll Sund, née Grethe Inga Poulsen, (born 11 February 1956) is a Swedish singer and author. She lives and works in Sweden and writes books for adults and children under´the name Grethe Rottböll. During the 1990s she worked as a singer (mezzo-soprano) in operas and operettas. Since May 2018 she is the chairman of Sveriges Författarförbund.
Biography
Grethe Rottböll grew up in a family who were all singers. She lost both her parents at a young age and decided to take her father's family name Rottböll as her last name. In 1979 she moved to Stockholm, and in 1981 she published her first book called Att vara Emilia. In 1988, Rottböll published the book Rosenodlaren.
During many years in the 1990s, Rottböl worked as a mezzosoprano singer. She sang a.o. "Cherubino" in The Marriage of Figaro, Prince Orlovsky in Die Fledermaus. Orpheus in Orpheus and Eurydice.
Rottböll along with her husband Håkan Sund started the Bergslagenoperan in Bergslagen.
In the early 2000s, she started publishing children's books. She has also written factual books about animals and nature. She has also published two books about the boy character Ole, with illustrations by Anna-Karin Garhamn. She has also published factual books on subjects like singing, rhetoric, theatre, traffic, circus and dragons. With illustration work by Lisen Ådbåge, Rottböll has published the much liked books about Tio vilda hästar (ten wild horses). In 2013, she published the book Jon har ett svart hål i sitt röda hjärta (Jon has a black hole in his red heart); the book tells about death in a way which is understandable for children .
Bibliography
Writings:
Novels
Att vara Emilia, 1981, Norstedts]
Rosenodlaren, 1988, Norstedts
Books
Sant och sagolikt om sång, children's book, 1999, Alfabeta
Hallå! tala berätta rappa, children's book, 1999, Rabén & Sjögren
Scenrävar och teaterapor, 2002, Rabén & Sjögren
Hitteboken, 2005, Rabén & Sjögren
Henrys cirkus, 2005, Rabén & Sjögren
Pang! sa det, 2007, Rabén & Sjögren
Barnvagnsgaloppen, 2008, Rabén & Sjögren
Ole
Ole hos doktor Semla och Syster Bella, 2008, Rabén & Sjögren
Ole får en hamster, 2009, Rabén & Sjögren
Ole är hungrig på godis, 2010, Egmont Kärnan
Vad händer med jorden, 2008, Rabén & Sjögren
Häng med i trafiken, 2009, Rabén & Sjögren
Häng med på cykel, 2010, Rabén & Sjögren
Alla vill ha mat!, 2011, Bonnier Carlsen
Tio vilda hästar, 2011, Rabén & Sjögren
Alla vill ha ett bo, 2012, Bonnier Carlsen
Kryp som är små Var då?, 2013, Bonnier Carlsen
Hästfesten, 2013, Rabén & Sjögren
Jon har ett svart hål i sitt röda hjärta, 2013, Bonnier Carlsen
Allt det här kan jag, 2014, Lilla Piratförlaget
Tio vilda hästar till toppen, 2015, Rabén & Sjögren
Vulkanen och kalven som Po räddade, 2016, Vombat
Vinge äger hela havet, 2017, Rabén & Sjögren
Första Naturhjälpen räddar djuren, 2017, Bonnier Carlsen
Tio vilda hästar firar jul, 2017, Rabén & Sjögren
Anthology
Bom bom, 2005, Rabén & Sjögren
Smarta små upptäcker naturen, 2011, Rabén & Sjögren
Smarta små upptäcker skolan, 2012, Rabén & Sjögren
ABC 123, 2012, Bonnier Carlsen
Min lilla skattkammare, 2012, Natur & Kultur
References
Living people
1956 births
Swedish women singers
Swedish women writers
Swedish opera singers
People from Gothenburg
Rajiv Gandhi University is a university in Arunachal Pradesh, India.
Rajiv Gandhi University may also refer to the following other universities in India:
Assam Rajiv Gandhi University of Cooperative Management, in Assam
Rajiv Gandhi Proudyogiki Vishwavidyalaya, in Madhya Pradesh
Rajiv Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences, Kadapa, in Andhra Pradesh
Rajiv Gandhi University of Knowledge Technologies, Nuzvid, in Andhra Pradesh
Rajiv Gandhi University of Knowledge Technologies, in Telangana
Rajiv Gandhi University of Health Sciences, in Karnataka
The Jackson family is an American family of musicians and entertainers from Gary, Indiana. Six children of Joseph Walter (or Joe) and Katherine Esther Jackson form the members of Motown boy band the Jackson 5 (later known as the Jacksons). Joe worked as their manager. The Jackson family, both as a musical group and as solo artists, have achieved success in the field of popular music from the late 1960s and onward. They are sometimes called the "First Family of Soul" (a title first bestowed on the Five Stairsteps), the "Imperial Family of Pop", or the "Royal Family of Pop", especially following the success of Michael and Janet Jackson, the former of whom is frequently dubbed the "King of Pop".
The Jackson 5 originally consisted of Jackie, Tito, Jermaine, Marlon, and Michael. In 1975, Randy replaced Jermaine. Regarded as the most popular members of the family are Michael and Janet, both of whom have had highly distinguished solo careers and are often hailed as two of the most influential pop and R&B artists in history. All nine of the Jackson siblings have gold records to their credits with La Toya holding the distinction of being the first Jackson sister to attain one (awarded by the Syndicat National de l'Édition Phonographique for "Reggae Night", which she co-wrote for Jimmy Cliff). Janet is the first black female to receive the Billboard Icon Award.
The Jacksons are one of the most influential families in music history. In 1997, the Jackson 5 was inducted to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Michael was inducted as a solo artist in 2001, making him one of the few who have been inducted twice. Joining her brothers, Janet was inducted in 2019. Michael, Janet, and the Jacksons were awarded stars on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 1984, 1990, and 1980, respectively. In 2009, a television series entitled The Jacksons: A Family Dynasty premiered on A&E, documenting the Jackson brothers dealing with the sudden loss of Michael and preparing for a Jackson 5 reunion tour.
First generation
Joseph Walter Jackson was born on July 26, 1928, in Arkansas, but he grew up in Oakland, California, with his father Samuel Jackson, a school teacher. At age 18, he moved to East Chicago, Indiana, to be with his mother Crystal Lee King and to pursue his dreams of becoming a professional boxer. At age 21, Joseph married Katherine Scruse, 19, immediately starting a family. Even though he wanted to be a success in boxing it was not a job for a family man, so he obtained a job as an overhead crane operator with East Chicago's Inland Steel Company. His family continued to grow steadily and over the course of sixteen years he and Katherine had a house full of nine children. Joe Jackson always wanted to make it big and although he could not in boxing or in his own short musical stint in the 1950s with the band the Falcons, he saw the talent in his children, starting with Tito and his ability to play the guitar.
Soon enough Joe Jackson formed a band of his sons Tito, Jermaine and Jackie called The Jackson Brothers in 1964 and became their manager. After several years of doing local talent shows, Joseph enlarged the band to include Marlon and Michael, two of his younger sons, and then changed the name of the band to The Jackson Five by 1966, remaining the group's manager. As their father he was a very strict disciplinarian and as their manager he enforced long practice sessions of singing and dancing in hopes of preparing them to make it big one day. In August 1967, the group made a debut at the Apollo Theater in Harlem, New York, where they won the Amateur Night contest. Gordon Keith, the owner and producer at Steeltown Records in Gary, Indiana, discovered the Jackson Five and signed them to their first contract in November 1967. "Big Boy", the boys' first record which was produced by Keith, was released on January 30, 1968. It became a local hit. In March 1969, they signed a Motown record contract and became known as the Jackson 5. The group enjoyed the fame Joseph Jackson had been longing for in his life. He continued to manage The Jackson 5 into stardom and after the band had many No. 1 hits on the Billboard hot singles charts; Joseph moved them to a mansion in Encino, California, with his own hefty salary he had obtained as their full-time manager. After many years as a band and with Michael as lead singer, the group continued to churn out even more hits and wealth, but tensions grew and in 1979, Michael severed ties with his father/manager and went on to pursue an international solo musical entertainment career. Four years later, in 1983, Michael's siblings fired Joseph Jackson as their manager. In 1993, Michael Jackson accused his father of physical and mental abuse; a few of the other siblings confirmed this claim, but others denied it.
Katherine Jackson (née Kattie B. Scruse) was born on May 4, 1930, in Barbour County, Alabama, the child of Prince Albert Scruse (1907–1997) and Martha Mattie Upshaw (1907–1990). She was left with a permanent limp after acquiring polio syndrome in her childhood. She later recovered from her illness after moving with her family to East Chicago, Indiana, where she would remain until meeting her husband Joseph Jackson. The couple moved and bought a small home in Gary, Indiana, where they birthed and raised nine children and she was a stay-at-home mother. Throughout her life, Katherine remained a devoted Jehovah's Witness and raised her children strictly under the same spiritual teachings she received. Also, as a talented pianist and vocalist who shared her talents with her children, she was later credited for being the foundation of her children's success. After her sons' rise to fame as The Jackson 5, she strongly supported her children and became the costume designer for their shows and performances. Some of the memorable moments of her unconditional support were seen when her son Michael was tried for molestation charges in 1993 and 2005. Katherine now lives in Calabasas, California where she cares for the children of her late son, Michael. After allegations that she may have been held against her will by Randy and Janet Jackson, Katherine lost custody of Michael's children, ultimately regaining it in 2012.
Second generation
Together, Joe and Katherine Jackson had ten children. Their son Brandon (Marlon's twin) died shortly after birth. The other nine grew up to become professional musicians, among other professions.
Maureen Reillette "Rebbie" Jackson (born May 29, 1950)
Sigmund Esco "Jackie" Jackson (born May 4, 1951)
Toriano Adaryll "Tito" Jackson (born October 15, 1953)
Jermaine La Jaune Jackson (born December 11, 1954)
LaToya Yvonne Jackson (born May 29, 1956)
Marlon David Jackson (born March 12, 1957)
Brandon Jackson (March 12, 1957 – March 12, 1957)
Michael Joseph Jackson (August 29, 1958 – June 25, 2009)
Steven Randall "Randy" Jackson (born October 29, 1961)
Janet Damita Jo Jackson (born May 16, 1966)
Joh'Vonnie Jackson (Born August 30 1974)
Third generation
There are twenty-seven children who make up the third generation of the Jackson family along with several great-grandchildren. Among them, some have followed in the family's footsteps into the entertainment industry.
The three children of Michael Jackson are probably the most well-known of the third generation. Michael Joseph Jackson Jr. (b. February 13, 1997), also known as "Prince", Paris-Michael Katherine Jackson (b. April 3, 1998) and Prince Michael Jackson, also known as "Blanket", and now called "Bigi" (b. February 21, 2002), have been discussed in the press numerous times throughout their lives, particularly since their father's death in 2009.
Rebbie, Tito, Jackie and Jermaine have also had children, who have come under varying degrees of media focus. Austin Brown (b. November 22, 1985), the only son of Rebbie Jackson, is a singer-songwriter who has released several successful singles in the pop/R&B genre. Tito Jackson's three sons, Tariano Adaryll "Taj" Jackson (b. August 4, 1973), Taryll Adren Jackson (b. August 8, 1975) and Tito Joe Jackson (b. July 16, 1978) make up the R&B/pop music group 3T. 3T has released three studio albums and has gone on to have moderate success in the industry, primarily outside of the United States. Sigmund Esco "Siggy" Jackson (b. June 29, 1977), the eldest son to Jackie Jackson, is a hip-hop artist who goes under the name "Dealz". Siggy has been a ghostwriter for a number of independent artists and has obtained mild success as a solo artist. Jermaine La Jaune "Jay" Jackson, Jr. (b. January 27, 1977), the eldest son to Jermaine Jackson, portrayed his father in the 1992 miniseries, The Jacksons: An American Dream, a biographical film about the Jackson family. On January 3, 2017, at age 50, Janet gave birth to Eissa Al Mana, the newest member of the Jackson family.
References
Further reading
External links
African-American families
People from Gary, Indiana
People from Lake County, Indiana
American musical families
·
Johann Karl Ernst Dieffenbach (27 January 1811 – 1 October 1855), also known as Ernest Dieffenbach, was a German physician, geologist and naturalist, the first trained scientist to live and work in New Zealand, where he travelled widely under the auspices of the New Zealand Company, returning in 1841–42 and publishing in English his Travels in New Zealand in 1843.
Dieffenbach was born in Giessen. He gained a degree at the university of Giessen and then, accused by authorities in the Grand Duchy of Hesse of being subversive, he fled, first to Zurich, where he received a degree in medicine before being expelled in 1836 for politics and duelling; in 1837 he arrived in London, where he eked out a living teaching German, but gained a reputation by his contributions to medical and scientific journals and made friendships with geologists Charles Lyell and Richard Owen among others. Recommendations put him aboard the Tory bound for New Zealand, travelling in the capacity of surgeon, surveyor and naturalist.
During the 1840s he was a correspondent of Charles Darwin, whose Journal of Researches Dieffenbach translated into German and published, with Darwin's notes and corrections, as Naturwissenschaftliche Reisen (Brunswick, 1853). Darwin knew Dieffenbach's paper on the Chatham Islands, contributed to the journal of the Royal Geographical Society, and he particularly noted Dieffenbach's commentary on the differences between the species of birds there and in New Zealand. Dieffenbach also translated the Geological Manual of Henry De la Beche. Partly as a result of these efforts, in 1850 he was named adjunct professor of geology at Giessen, a post he held until his death there.
The extinct Dieffenbach's rail (Gallirallus dieffenbachii) a flightless rail formerly endemic to the Chatham Islands, was named after him. (The plant genus Dieffenbachia was named after the head gardener of the Botanical Gardens in Vienna, Joseph Dieffenbach (1796–1863).)
Travels in New Zealand
Ernst Dieffenbach was one of the first Europeans to visit the Rotomahana area in New Zealand. He visited Rotomahana and the Pink and White Terraces while on a mission for the New Zealand Company. Dieffenbach and his assistant Symonds travelled from New Plymouth via Mount Egmont (Taranaki) and Ruapehu and then around the shores of Lake Taupō. They then travelled north, partly following the Waikato River then east towards Kakaramea (Rainbow Mountain), reaching Rotomahana Lake late one evening. They camped overnight at the mouth of the Haumi Stream.
He inspired wider interest in the Pink and White Terraces with his publications. When he had completed his short stay at Rotomahana, they continued north via Lake Tarawera and the Te Ngae Mission Station to Rotorua. Dieffenbach was employed by the New Zealand Company for this excursion, and also traveled extensively throughout the North Island, making notes on flora and fauna, which can be seen in his biography at the Alexander Turnbull Library.
When Dieffenbach completed his employment by the New Zealand Company he was forced to leave the country. His studies in the North Island were completed after he left New Zealand. When he attempted to re-enter New Zealand to continue his studies in the South Island he was refused entry.
References
External links
Correspondence with Charles Darwin
German naturalists
University of Giessen alumni
1811 births
1855 deaths
Physicians from Hesse
19th-century German geologists
is a passenger railway station in located in the city of Kyōtango, Kyoto Prefecture, Japan, operated by the private railway company Willer Trains (Kyoto Tango Railway).
Lines
Kabutoyama Station is a station of the Miyazu Line, and is located 69.7 kilometers from the terminus of the line at Nishi-Maizuru Station.
Station layout
The station has one ground-level side platform serving a single bi-directional track. The station is unattended.This is the only station on the Miyazu Line that has no station building except for the shelter on the platform.
Adjacent stations
History
The station was opened on March 1, 1962 as and was renamed to the present name on April 1, 2015.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2018, the station was used by an average of 71 passengers daily.
Surrounding area
Japan National Route 178
Kawakamitani River
Kabutoyama Observatory
Kinoshita Sake Brewery
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Official home page
Railway stations in Kyoto Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1962
Kyōtango
The Gulf Beaches Public Library, located within the City of Madeira Beach, is a nonprofit corporation created and supported by the Towns of Redington Shores, North Redington Beach, Redington Beach, and the Cities of Madeira Beach and Treasure Island, Florida. The library is run by a ten member Board of Trustees; each municipality appointing two members. It is a member of the Pinellas Public Library Cooperative.
History
The idea of a library to serve the residents of the mid-beach communities began at a September 1949 meeting of the Gulf Beach Woman's Club. Under the guidance of the first club president, Mrs. Polly Van Dyke, a committee of six women began to collect books, which finally found a permanent home in 1952, when a one-room building was erected on 140th Avenue in Madeira Beach. The library continued to grow over the next 15 years, and in 1969 a new building was dedicated at the library's present location. In 1988, the library expanded to house its ever-growing collection. A 3,600 square foot space was added to the existing building to create more shelving and reading space, bringing the total square footage of the library to 10,000. In 2008, the library board fired the director of the library. In 2016, the library began work on updating its long range plan.
References
External links
Libraries in Florida
OMON (, , ) or AMAP (, ) is a Belarusian law enforcement force under the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Belarus (MUS).
OMON is part of the MUS's Patrol Service, and is considered to be the republic's riot police. Members of OMON wear balaclavas in order to keep their identity secret and avoid reprisals by the opposition.
History
On 4 October 1988, by order of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the USSR, the first 19 special police units were created on the territory of the Soviet Union. In late November of that year, the Minsk City Executive Committee ordered the establishment of the first Minsk OMON.
After the collapse of the USSR, OMON remained under the jurisdiction of the Belarusian MUS under the subordination of the Main Internal Affairs Directorate. Colonel Vladimir Artyomov was appointed the first commander of the unit.
Subsequently, similar subdivisions were created in all regional centers of the Republic of Belarus, using the Belarusian language spelling of AMAP and the Russian language spelling of OMON.
On October 2, 2020, the European Union added to its sanctions list Dmitry Balaba, Leonid Zhuravsky, Mikhail Domarnatsky, Maksim Mikhovich - the commanders of the Minsk, Vitebsk, Gomel and Brest OMON, respectively. The same officers were included in the sanctions lists of the United Kingdom, Canada and Switzerland. On December 23, 2020, OMON's Minsk Special Purpose Police Unit was officially designated under the US Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) due to being regime actors. OMON Minsk's leader Dzmitry Balaba was previously designated on October 2, 2020.
Known Operations
On 24 March 2006, OMON stormed the opposition tent camp at October Square without provocation, violently ending the peaceful Jeans Revolution against president Alexander Lukashenko. Thousands of people were beaten and hundreds were detained, including opposition presidential candidate Alyaksandr Kazulin.
2020 protests
OMON, along with the internal troops, and the anti-terrorist "Almaz" elite special force participated in the suppression of the 2020 Belarusian protests in Minsk. They utilized water cannons near the Riga Market, and rubber bullets at large gatherings. It was also reported that OMON squads commandeered ambulances and vans to deceive the protesters into allowing them through the created barricades. During the protests, the vans of the team of Siarhei Tsikhanouski was by vans filled with members of OMON.
Human Rights Watch documented several cases of ill-treatment by OMON special forces during this period. For example, a 29-year-old journalist from Hrodna had both of his wrists broken by an OMON member. Several arrested people said they had been forced to lie on top of each other by OMON personnel. They were beaten and humiliated in the process. Seven male and two female detainees said they had been threatened with rape while being transported by OMON personnel. A 30-year-old reported that he was raped with a baton by a senior OMON officer.
At the request of Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty in 2014 after the publication of the website of the newspaper Salidarnasts about the fact that former employees of the Ukrainian "Berkut" are employed in the Belarusian OMON, the press secretary of the Ministry of Internal Affairs Konstantin Shalkevich responded negatively, since "the Ministry of Internal Affairs does not comment on low-quality essays on a free topic posted on the Internet." Nevertheless, in 2020, ex-officers of the disbanded "Berkut" were identified in the ranks of OMON. Novy Chas continued its journalistic investigation cycle in 2021 and identified even more such personalities.
See also
Internal Troops of Belarus
Militsiya (Belarus)
References
Military units and formations of Belarus
Law enforcement in Belarus
Military units and formations established in 1988
1988 establishments in Belarus
K. S. Sabarinadhan (born 5 September 1983) is an Indian politician who belongs to the Indian National Congress. He represented Aruvikkara constituency in the Kerala Legislative Assembly from 2015 to 2021.
Early life and education
Sabarinadhan was born to former minister and speaker G. Karthikeyan and M. T. Sulekha in Thiruvananthapuram on 5 September 1983.
He graduated in Electrical Engineering from College of Engineering, Trivandrum in 2005. Thereafter he worked for a brief period in IT sector at Mindtree, Bangalore. He completed his MBA from Management Development Institute, Gurgaon in 2008. After that, he worked with the Tata Group in Mumbai for several years, eventually spending a few years working with the Tata Trusts in the areas of healthcare and nutrition.
Personal life
Sabarinadhan is married to Divya S. Iyer, a civil service officer, thus becoming the first MLA–IAS couple in Kerala. The couple have a son.
Political career
In 2015, Sabarinadhan contested the by-election from Aruvikkara constituency, which was vacated due to the death of his father. He defeated M. Vijayakumar by a margin of 10,128 votes.
In the 2016 Kerala Legislative Assembly election, he was re-elected from Aruvikkara constituency. He defeated A. A. Rasheed of CPI(M) by a margin of 21,314 votes. In 2020, he became the vice president of Kerala Youth Congress.
In the 2021 Kerala Legislative Assembly election, he lost to G. Steephen of the CPI(M) by 5046 votes.
References
Living people
Indian National Congress politicians from Kerala
Kerala MLAs 2011–2016
Kerala MLAs 2016–2021
1983 births
Susanne Fellner (born in Ravensburg, West Germany) is a German ice hockey defender. Fellner also played for the University of North Dakota Women's Hockey team for the 2008-09 season.
International career
Fellner was selected for the Germany women's national ice hockey team in the 2006 and 2014 Winter Olympics. In 2006, she did not record a point in five games. In 2014, she again did not score in the five games.
Fellner also played for Germany in the qualifying event for the 2014 Winter Olympics, the 2010 Olympics and the 2006 Olympics.
As of 2014, Fellner has also appeared for Germany at six IIHF Women's World Championships. Her first appearance came in 2005.
Career statistics
International career
Through 2013-14 season
References
External links
Eurohockey.com Profile
Sports-Reference Profile
UND W Hockey Bio - Susanne Fellner
1985 births
People from Ravensburg
Sportspeople from Tübingen (region)
Living people
Olympic ice hockey players of Germany
Ice hockey players at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 2014 Winter Olympics
German women's ice hockey defencemen
Qareh Cheh (; also known as Daracheh) is a village in Dowlatkhaneh Rural District, Bajgiran District, Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 247, in 66 families.
References
Populated places in Quchan County
Charles G. Brooks (November 22, 1920 – September 29, 2011) was an editorial cartoonist for The Birmingham News in Birmingham, Alabama, United States. He used his platform at The Birmingham News to criticize the Ku Klux Klan, despite the number of powerful supporters in the region at that time.
He won the Sigma Delta Chi Award for the most outstanding editorial cartoon of 1959 and served as president of the Association of American Editorial Cartoonists in 1969.
Early life
Brooks was born in Hopewell, near Andalusia in Covington County, Alabama. After high school he moved to Birmingham and studied at Birmingham-Southern College for two years, and then transferred to the Chicago Academy of Fine Arts where he was instructed by Vaughn Shoemaker (Chicago Daily News) and Don Ulsh. While in Chicago, Brooks met his future wife, Virginia. They had a daughter, Barbara, and son, Charles G. Brooks, Jr.
In 1942 Brooks enlisted in the United States Army. After training he was enrolled in Officers Candidate School and was commissioned a second lieutenant and assigned to the 531st Engineer Shore Regiment. His unit participated in the D-Day landing at Utah Beach on June 6, 1944, mainly helping to establish a supply port at the beachhead. Later that winter the unit, recommissioned as the 3053rd Engineer Combat Battalion, which deployed from Liège deep into Germany with the 9th Army and saw action in the Battle of the Bulge. During his army service Brooks drew several cartoons which appeared in Stars and Stripes.
Professional life
After his discharge in 1945 Brooks returned to his wife and new daughter in Chicago. He worked for Brach's Candy Company and as a bank guard before he found representation at the Fred Zaner Advertising Cartoon Syndicate. Hopefully that he could become an editorial cartoonist he wrote to friends in Birmingham and received mild interest from the Birmingham News. He took a gamble and made the trip to meet with News officials and was offered the position beginning in 1948.
Brooks' cartoons were immediately popular in Birmingham. He used the platform to express great faith in the character of the American people and harsh criticism of anyone or anything that attacked or insulted that character. He did not withhold criticism of the Ku Klux Klan, a group which is believed to have counted many of the city's powerful men among its members. In addition to cartooning, the News lent Brooks out to work with police and the Federal Bureau of Investigation to create sketches of suspects from eyewitness descriptions.
Honors
Brooks won the Sigma Delta Chi Award for the most outstanding editorial cartoon of 1959. His winning panel, entitled "Two Deadly Weapons" depicted a hand holding a revolver and a second hand holding an automobile in the same manner, labeled "reckless speeding driver." Another cartoon on the same subject, which appeared during the holiday season, showed the Biblical Magi on camels following the Star of Bethlehem in the top panel and two colliding cars in the lower panel with the caption "Then...Bethlehem. Today...Mayhem." The Texas Highway Patrol distributed copies of the cartoon instead of warnings in 1960 and partially credited Brooks with a drop in the number of fatalities during the Christmas season.
Brooks' farewell to Walt Disney in 1966 showed dozens of Disney's cartoon characters gathered mournfully at his grave. Thousands of copies were requested from across the country and the original hands at Disney Studios. A 1975 cartoon lambasting Vice President Nelson Rockefeller for ignoring parliamentary procedure during debate of an anti-filibuster bill was passed around the Senate floor. A 1973 "The Wizard of Id" strip, drawn by Brooks' friend Brant Parker, shows an editorial cartoonist named "Charles" being punished by the King for lampooning him. Parker sent a personally inscribed copy to Brooks. A 1976 editorial in The Wall Street Journal referenced a Brooks cartoon entitled "All Things to All People" which showed presidential candidate Jimmy Carter standing at a church pulpit with a Bible in one hand and a copy of Playboy in the other.
Brooks was invited to the White House in 1982 and presented an original of a cartoon making fun of Democratic House Speaker Tip O'Neill to President Ronald Reagan in the Oval Office. Senator John Glenn's wife, Annie, requested the original of another cartoon showing Glenn rowing alone in the center of a river while a donkey leads Walter Mondale, Gary Hart, George McGovern and Jesse Jackson in a larger boat on "the left". Glenn wrote Brooks that it was the best gift his wife had given him and that it was the only cartoon he hung in his office. Former head of the FBI, J. Edgar Hoover, also requested a Brooks original cartoon, which he hung in his office.
He served as president of the Association of American Editorial Cartoonists in 1969 and edited an annual volume of the Best Editorial Cartoons of the Year since 1972 for Pelican Books. He retired from the News in 1985. Since 1982 the University of Alabama at Birmingham's School of Community and Allied Health has presented a "Charles Brooks Award" annually to a graduating senior who made a creative contribution to the school.
References
Baggett, James L. (Spring 2004) "The Fewer Things Change: Charles Brooks and the Art of Alabama Politics." Alabama Heritage.
Reeves, Mary (February 28, 2003) "Cartoonist Brooks returns to Andalusia." Andalusia Star-News.
Charles Brooks' obituary
Publications
Brooks, Charles, ed. (May 1972) The Best Editorial Cartoons of 1972. Pelican Publishing Company.
Brooks, Charles G., Jr, editor (1986) Best of Brooks: 38 Years of Cartoons. Birmingham: EBSCO Media.
Brooks, Charles, ed. (February 2007) The Best Editorial Cartoons of the Year: 2007 Edition. Pelican Publishing Company.
External links
The Ohio State University Billy Ireland Cartoon Library & Museum: Charles Brooks Collection guide
The Ohio State University Billy Ireland Cartoon Library & Museum Art Database
1920 births
2011 deaths
People from Andalusia, Alabama
American editorial cartoonists
Birmingham–Southern College alumni
United States Army officers
United States Army personnel of World War II
Artists from Birmingham, Alabama
Royal Association Athlétique Louviéroise La Louvière, abbreviated to RAAL La Louvière, is a Belgian association football club located in La Louvière, in the province of Hainaut. The club, founded in 2009 out of a merger, plays in the Belgian National Division 1, the third tier of Belgian football.
History
Early history
Cercle Sportif Couillet was founded in 1919 and joined the Royal Belgian Football Association (KBVB) in 1920. In 1934 the club had risen to the national divisions for the first time. After that, the club spent the next decades in the lower-tier Belgian Provincial Leagues.
In 1945 the club officially changed its name to Amicale Cercle Sportif Couillet. A few years later, in 1949, another club was founded in Couillet, Union Sportive Couillet d'Amérique. After a few years in a competing amateur association, they moved to the KBVB in 1952 as a debuting club, under matricule number 5580. In 1956, they effectively became member.
In 1962, Amicale Cercle Sportif Couillet received the royal title and changed its name to Royale Amicale Cercle Sportif Couillet (RACS Couillet). In 1977, both clubs from Couillet eventually merged. The new club was named Royale Association Cercle Sportif Couillet (also abbreviated as RACS Couillet), and continued to play under matricule number 94 of Amicale Cercle Sportif.
At the beginning of the 2000s, the club successfully worked its way up from the Belgian Provincial Leagues. After all, in 2000 RACS Couillet had climbed back up to the national Belgian Fourth Division and in 2005 they even forced promotion to the Belgian Third Division. However, in the 2007–08 season, the club finished last in the table and relegated back to the Fourth Division.
Football Couillet-La Louvière (2009–2011)
In 2009, it was decided to collaborate with third-division team RAA Louviéroise, a former top-tier team were been experiencing financial difficulties. It did not come to an official merger, but the name RAA Louviéroise was dropped and the club name of RACS Couillet was changed to Football Couillet-La Louvière, which continued to play in the Fourth Division with Couillet's matricule number 94, with the traditional matricle number of RAA Louviéroise, number 93, being lost. The first team played in the stadium of RAA Louviéroise, the Stade du Tivoli in La Louvière. Several youth teams continued to play in the Stade du Fiestaux and other areas in Couillet. In the club logo, the wolf was taken from the RAA Louviéroise logo, and the club's nickname became "Les Loups" ("the wolves"). The green and white club colors were retained.
FC Charleroi (2011–2014)
In the spring of 2011, the football landscape in La Louvière and Charleroi changed again. Football club URS du Center, affiliated with the Royal Belgian Football Association (KBVB) with matricle number 213, started playing in the Stade du Tivoli under the new name UR La Louvière Centre. The recently relocated Football Couillet-La Louvière returned to Charleroi and the name became Football Club Charleroi (FC Charleroi). There was also cooperation with provincial club RFCS Marcinelle, affiliated with the KBVB with matricule number 301, although this did not immediately lead to a merger. In the course of the 2011–12 season, the club's identity was changed further. Blue and white colors were chosen and a logo with a lion was introduced.
In 2013, the board took over football club RJS Heppignies-Lambusart-Fleurus, who were experiencing financial difficulties. This club was affiliated with the KBVB through matricule number 5192 and competed in the Belgian Third Division. The first team of FC Charleroi was transferred to that club from next season, which was renamed Charleroi Fleurus. They started playing in the Third Division in Charleroi and the club colors and the logo of FC Charleroi were also adopted. Under the matricule number 94, an "empty" club would remain and the matricule number was "for sale". Because chairman Roberto Leone had not yet found a suitable investor, a team for the Belgian Fourth Division and a youth team were registered for the 2013–14 season. On the second matchday, the club suffered a staggering 12–0 loss to Sint-Eloois-Winkel Sport. FC Charleroi ended the season in the Belgian Fourth Division with a 16–0 loss against OMS Ingelmunster. They finished the season with only five points and conceded 144 goals. FC Charleroi thus relegated to the Belgian Provincial Leagues.
Racing Charleroi-Couillet-Fleurus (2014–2017)
After the season there was a major change of matricule numbers between a number of Walloon clubs. The Liège Provincial League club RFC Sérésien (matricule number 23) was acquired by the French Ligue 2 club FC Metz. They wanted to enter the Belgian Second Division as soon as possible, and because this would take at least three seasons via the sporting route, they were looking for a matricule number to take a shortcut to the higher divisions. They found this in Hainaut Province at Second Division club Boussu Dour Borinage (matricule number 167), who were having financial difficulties. Boussu Dour wanted to leave their matricule number on the condition that they could take over another matricule number in the national series and keep their national youth license. Boussu Dour found an agreement with Roberto Leone, president of relegating fourth division FC Charleroi (matricule number 94) and relegating Third Division team Charleroi-Fleurus (matricule number 5192, and in possession of a national youth license). Boussu Dour would take over the matricule number 5192 and continue playing as Francs Borains in the Fourth Division. Matricule number 167 was taken over by Seraing United.
Due to the departure of matricule number 5192, they fell back to the remaining matricule number 94 to develop a club in the region around Charleroi. Administratively, a merger was entered into with the redundant matricule number 23 of RFC Sérésien, which thus brought its national license for youth work into the merger. The fusion club was called RC Charleroi-Couillet-Fleurus (RCCF) and continued to play with matricule number 94. Due to the relegation of FC Charleroi, RCCF started in 2014–15 in the Provincial League of Hainaut.
After one season, the club played in Belgian Fourth Division again and was able to force promotion to the Third Division via the final round, which then became Belgian Second Amateur Division for the 2016–17 season. The club, however, only outdid UR Namur in the league table, and relegated after one season.
RAAL La Louvière (2017–present)
Meanwhile, after the disintegration of the historic RAA La Louvière into lower tier clubs in Charleroi, URS Center became La Louvière's primary club and took the name UR La Louvière Centre. Yet, not everyone thought that this club was really the replacement for RAAL. Under the initiative of former footballer Salvatore Curaba, the matricule number of Racing Charleroi Couillet Fleurus was taken over and the name was changed to RAAL La Louvière, with the club returning to the city of La Louvière. In the 2017–18 season, the club started competing in the fifth-tier Belgian Third Amateur Division, where the club immediately won the title in its inaugural season.
Current squad
As of 19 August 2022.
References
External links
RAAL La Louvière
Association football clubs established in 2009
2009 establishments in Belgium
Sport in La Louvière
Sport in Charleroi
Sports team relocations
The Mariner 19 is an American trailerable sailboat, that was designed by Philip Rhodes and first built in 1962.
Production
The design was initially built in 1962 by O'Day Corporation in the United States. O'Day sold the molds to Rebel Industries in 1980 and that company built the design as the Spindrift One, with a modified cabin, with 76 boats completed. Stuart Marine became the licensed builder in 1986 and the design remained in production in 2020. By 1994, 4,100 boats had been completed.
The Mariner 19 shares the same hull design as the Rhodes 19.
Design
The Mariner 19 is a small recreational keelboat, built predominantly of fiberglass. It has a fractional sloop rig, a rounded raked stem, a vertical transom, a transom-hung rudder controlled by a tiller and a fixed fin keel or optional centerboard. It displaces .
The design has a small cuddy cabin, which was made larger in 1969, under the model designation of "2+2".
The keel-equipped version of the boat has a draft of , while the centreboard-equipped version has a draft of with the centreboard extended and with it retracted, allowing beaching or ground transportation on a trailer. The centerboard weighs .
The boat is normally fitted with a small outboard motor for docking and maneuvering.
Optional equipment includes a genoa, a spinnaker and a boom vang.
The design has sleeping accommodation for two people with a single bow "V"-berth or four people with the addition of two quarter berths. Cabin headroom is .
The design has a PHRF racing average handicap of 285 and a hull speed of .
Operational history
In a 1994 review Richard Sherwood describes the design as "a very typical day sailer" and notes, "there is sharp bow entry and high freeboard; like the Rhodes 19, the Mariner can handle heavy weather. This capability is enhanced by the 210-pound centerboard."
In a 2010 review Steve Henkel wrote, "originally a centerboard racer-daysailer designed in 1945 and known as the Rhodes 19, in the 1950s O'Day switched from molded plywood to fiberglass, added a cabin and—voila!—the fiberglass Mariner was conceived. After O'Day left the scene, Stuart took over production, which it has continued. The boat is available in both centerboard and iron keel versions, and as a two-sleeper (V-berth) or
four-sleeper (V-berth plus quarterberth). Drawings in the Stuart sales brochures appear to have a narrower entry than the original Rhodes design, but Stuart tells us it's their drawings that are slightly inaccurate, not the boats. We'd ask around before buying to determine if the newest Mariners can be raced as a one-design class against the older O'Day boats, if that's what you have in mind. Since Mariners have been around a long time, you can find them in all age groups and price ranges. Best features: Mast tabernacle and shallow draft in the centerboard version makes launching relatively easy—but the keel version has more stability. Take your choice. Worst features: The design, being close to 50 years old, is a bit old-fashioned, particularly in her underbody."
See also
List of sailing boat types
Related development
Rhodes 19
Similar sailboats
Cornish Shrimper 19
COM-PAC 19
West Wight Potter 19
References
External links
Keelboats
1960s sailboat type designs
Sailing yachts
Trailer sailers
Sailboat types built in the United States
Sailboat type designs by Philip Rhodes
Sailboat types built by O'Day Corp.
Sailboat types built by Stuart Marine
Sailboat types built by Rebel Industries
Mousehole Association Football Club is a football club based in Mousehole, Cornwall. They are currently members of the and play at Trungle Parc.
History
Mousehole joined the Cornwall Combination in 1960–61 and were promoted to the South West Peninsula League Division One West on its formation in 2007, after finishing as Combination runners-up the previous season. They won Division One West in 2015–16. At the end of 2018–19 the league was restructured, and Mousehole successfully applied for promotion to the Premier Division West, at Step 6 of the National League System.
Since 2017, the club have had a sponsorship arrangement with the Endorsed Group, a recruitment and software company run by a local businessman. Together with the club they have set up the Endorsed Academy, aiming to improve coaching standards and provide opportunities for young footballers in Cornwall. Mousehole hosted a pre-season tournament in July 2018, the Endorsed Cup, featuring youth teams from Newcastle United, Huddersfield Town and Bolton Wanderers.
In 2018 an approach was made by Mousehole concerning a possible merger between themselves and neighbours Penzance A.F.C., amid concerns that Trungle Parc may not prove viable as Mousehole progress through the leagues. A further approach was made by Penzance in 2019, but in May, Mousehole released a statement confirming they had withdrawn from the discussions. In 2021 they were promoted to the Premier Division of the Western League based on their results in the abandoned 2019–20 and 2020–21 seasons.
Honours
Cornwall Combination
Runners-up 1985–86, 2006–07
South West Peninsula League
Division One West Champions 2015–16
References
External links
Official website
Association football clubs established in 1923
1923 establishments in England
Football clubs in England
Football clubs in Cornwall
South West Peninsula League
Western Football League
Spix's woodcreeper (Xiphorhynchus spixii) is a species of bird in the woodcreeper subfamily (Dendrocolaptinae). The elegant woodcreeper was previously considered a subspecies of the Spix's woodcreeper. It is endemic to humid lowland forest in the eastern Amazon of Brazil.
The common name commemorates the German naturalist Johann Baptist von Spix (1782-1826).
References
Spix's woodcreeper
Birds of Brazil
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Endemic birds of Brazil
Spix's woodcreeper
Taxa named by René Lesson
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
To-Me-Ree is a heritage-listed detached house at 7 Macalister Street, West Ipswich, City of Ipswich, Queensland, Australia. It was built . It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 21 October 1992.
History
The single-storey, Federation brick villa, "To-Me-Ree", is one of four houses George Williams built on the southern side of Denmark Hill around 1910. Williams and his wife lived opposite "To-Me-Ree", at "Almondsbury", a brick house with steeply pitched gables similar in style to "To-Me-Ree". Williams' daughter, Nellie (Mary Ellen), and her husband, Sydney May, lived at "To-Me-Ree".
The name "To-Me-Ree" stems from May's interest in Aboriginal words and is thought to relate to Port Stephens headland. It is said that May had an extensive collection of Aboriginal artefacts which he displayed in the west room converted from the side verandah. The collection of Artefacts were donated to the Ipswich Art Gallery and are now on display there.
May moved to Ipswich in 1905 to be organist and choir master at the Ipswich Congregational Church. He also lectured at the University of Queensland's school of music and initiated music summer schools.
A bush house and rock garden were maintained during the May's time, and their garden was an attraction for city visitors. Sydney May died in 1968, Nellie May died in 1972 and one of their daughters, Barbara, continued living at "To-Me-Ree" until her death in 1980.
The house is a fine example of the affluent settlement around Denmark Hill which continued from the latter 19th century into the early 20th century. The house is situated amongst grand residences and substantial brick and timber dwellings which give the area a cohesive character
Description
"To-Me-Ree" stands on the north-west corner of Moffat and Macalister Streets on the southern side of Denmark Hill with extensive southern views. "To-Me-Ree" is a substantial, brick villa with a complex gabled roof-line. Its southern facade has two projecting gables, connected by a verandah which has been enclosed with boarding and coloured glass casement windows. The gables each have round ventilator "windows" and decorative timber pediments and finials. Each of the gables has cream render quoins which contrast with the home's red brick body. One of the gables has a projecting bay window, with its own three-sided roofing. The chimney is made from a decorative combination of red, cream and ash coloured bricks.
A verandah on the eastern side of the house is supported by timber posts with moulded capitals and elegantly plain, timber brackets and valance. The verandah wraps around to the rear of the house where a pergola extends from the roofline over a large square rockery. The pergola is supported by ornate Italianate pillars on the eastern side. The rockery is bounded at the rear by the driveway which has original decorative iron gates to Macalister Street. Beyond the driveway to the rear of the property is the garden with evidence of a previous structure amongst the established plantings.
The southern and eastern sides of the property are surrounded by an original low brick wall including an original decorative single iron gate displaying the name "To-Me-Ree" fronting Macalister Street which leads to the front verandah steps.
The entrance to the interior is via a door on the eastern verandah which is surrounded by coloured, patterned glass (matching the glass on the verandah enclosure facing Moffat Street). The entrance leads into a hall-way, with a central timber arch, which extends to the rear of the house with rooms extending from either side.
The kitchen is in the south-western corner of the house which still displays one of two central fireplaces. The other fireplace is in a mirrored position in the living room on the opposite side of the wall to the kitchen fireplace. A room on the Western side of the house is an enclosed verandah which leads to the bathroom and laundry in their original positions on the north-west corner of the house.
Heritage listing
To-Me-Ree was listed on the Queensland Heritage Register on 21 October 1992 having satisfied the following criteria.
The place is important in demonstrating the evolution or pattern of Queensland's history.
To-Me-Ree is important in demonstrating the pattern affluent suburban development around Denmark Hill in Ipswich from the late nineteenth century to the early twentieth century.
The place is important because of its aesthetic significance.
It has high aesthetic value as a Federation brick villa which displays fine building and detailing and is part of a group of four houses similar in style but architecturally atypical in the area. It also presents high streetscape value being on a prominent corner block on the southern side of Denmark Hill surrounded by substantial houses of varying ages and design.
The place has a special association with the life or work of a particular person, group or organisation of importance in Queensland's history.
It has special association with the May family who occupied the house from its construction in 1910 until 1980, in particular Sydney May, a lecturer in Music at the University of Queensland, who was an active member of Ipswich society contributing to the musical life of the city.
References
Attribution
External links
Queensland Heritage Register
West Ipswich, Queensland
Houses in Queensland
Articles incorporating text from the Queensland Heritage Register
Houses completed in 1910
The Dingle () is a nature reserve found just to the north of Llangefni, Anglesey, north Wales. Dingle is a common placename in the English language, which means "steep wooded valley", which describes it well. However, like many similar English names for natural attractions in Wales, e.g. Fairy Glen, the English name is recent and probably coined as tourism developed. The original Welsh name, still used by locals, is Nant y Pandy (Fulling Mill Brook), as there used to be a wool processing plant in the valley. The park is naturally divided into two parts, the wooded southern half and the northern half which is in a clearing. The main entrance is by St Cyngar's Church where there is a car park.
The reserve is in area and is bisected by the Afon Cefni (River Cefni). It was formed by glaciers during the last ice age as they eroded the soft rock of the area. It gained its current name in the 1830s and was designated as a local nature reserve in 1995, although there has been a blanket tree preservation order in place since 1971. In 2003 the reserve was granted £122,000 for major improvements including better disabled access, boardwalks and tree sculptures. It was awarded the UK MAB Urban Wildlife Award For Excellence in 2004 thanks to this work. The new boardwalks mean visitors can make their way all the way north to Llyn Cefni, travelling parallel to the disused tracks of the Anglesey Central Railway. Red squirrels can be found in the area.
According to some stories, Pumas live in Nant y Pandy. In the 1970s big cats were banned from being pets, so many people came to North Wales to let their cats loose. Many people have seen this big black cat although many people came to see it without being able to point a finger at it.
References
Nature reserves in Anglesey
Dingle
Sir Charles Redvers Westlake (29 April 1900 – 17 February 1972) was a British electrical engineer and industrialist.
Biography
Westlake was born in the hamlet of Forton in Hampshire on 29 April 1900, to Colour Sergeant Harry Westlake and his wife Elizabeth.
In 1929 Westlake became County Electrical Engineer for Dumfriesshire, and two years later Chief Engineer and Manager of the Electricity Board for Northern Ireland.
From 1935 to 1948, he was an engineer at the electricity generating station (established by the Finchley Electric Light Co. and subsequently acquired by Finchley Urban District Council) at Squires Lane in Finchley, North London.
During World War II he served at the War Office, and at the same time was president of the Finchley branch of the NALGO trade union.
In 1946 Westlake was appointed by the British Colonial Office to recommend a site for a hydroelectric power station in Uganda. His report, jointly produced in 1947 with the civil engineer E. V. Richards, recommended Owen Falls as the location. Westlake, as chairman of the newly formed Uganda Electricity Board, went on to direct the project (now known as the Nalubaale Hydroelectric Power Station) until its commissioning in 1954. Queen Elizabeth attended the opening of the dam and conferred a knighthood on Westlake. In 1955 he was reported as being President of the East African Association of Engineers.
Westlake retired from his post in Uganda in October 1955. In 1956 he returned to England to become chairman of Metal Industries, Limited, where he remained until 31 October 1964, leading the group from a position of heavy losses to a profitable state. He went on to become chairman of the metal window manufacturer Williams and Williams.
In 1969 he became chairman of the S. W. Wood Group, a non-ferrous metal merchant
Westlake married twice: in 1929 to Winifred Lucy Luxton Western, with whom he had two daughters (Patricia and Barbara), and in 1968 to Evelyn Isabel Aistrup. He died in Lisbon in 1972 of prostate cancer.
Bibliography
Uganda Electricity Survey, 1947
References
English electrical engineers
British industrialists
Knights Bachelor
1900 births
1972 deaths
People from Test Valley
20th-century British businesspeople
Fred Sanford (1947–2000) was a percussionist, teacher, composer, and clinician. He is best known for his work in the areas of marching percussion, drum & bugle corps, and marching band.
Raised in Casper, Wyoming, Fred followed his older brother Ken, also a drummer, into the Casper Troopers Drum & Bugle Corps at the age of 12 in 1959. He was a member of the Troopers for ten years until he aged out following his 21st birthday in 1968. Although he attended school at California State University in Fullerton and taught the newly organized Anaheim Kingsmen from 1965-1967, each summer he would return to teach and perform with his hometown corps.
In 1968, Fred moved to northern California where he attended San Jose State and studied percussion with Tony Cirone. During this time he also began to instruct and write for another new drum corps – the Santa Clara Vanguard, with whom he would work for 12 seasons. During his tenure there, the Vanguard drumline won an unprecedented five national DCI "high drums" titles; years 1973, 1974, 1975, 1978, and 1979.
Following his graduation from San Jose State in 1970, he taught high school music programs in Bergenfield, New Jersey where he met Dennis DeLucia. "Fred Sanford made his mark on the world of percussion with his extraordinary arrangements for the Santa Clara Vanguard," recalls DeLucia. "For the first time in drum corps, percussion charts were magnificent orchestrations that beautifully captured the style and elegance of the music and made the horn line sound much better than it would have sounded by itself! My personal favorite – "Young Person's Guide to the Orchestra" (1974) – was a landmark in voicing, rhythmic interest and accompaniment that featured the drumline in the most musical way imaginable."
The ‘70s also saw Fred begin his association with the Slingerland Drum Company where he was instrumental in designing the TDR snare, Cut-a-way tenor drums, Tonal bass drums and fiberglass vest/harnesses to carry marching percussion. He also began another important aspect of his career, teaching educational clinics on marching percussion around the country and eventually around the world. During that decade, Sanford also worked with the Madison Scouts, the Alberta All-Girls Drum & Bugle Band, and The Blue Devils.
During the early 1980s, Sanford joined the Ludwig Drum Company as a Product Development Manager and Staff Clinician. In addition to his drum & bugle corps experiences, Sanford was the percussion coordinator for the 1984 Olympic Games in Los Angeles and also worked with the McDonald's All-American Band at various national parades.
Since 1985, he served as a marching percussion consultant for the Yamaha Corporation of America and developed the SFZ marching snare drum and the Power Lite Marching Series. Fred developed the Yamaha Sounds of Summer band camps which each summer attracted over 10,000 students who studied under Fred's direction.
Fred Sanford was also active in the Percussive Arts Society, serving on the PAS Marching Percussion Committee as well as being the "voice" of the Marching Percussion Festival for almost two decades. Sanford is a member of the DCI Hall of Fame. He died in 2000.
The Percussion Championship trophy at the Drum Corps International World Championships is named in his honor.
References
P.A.S. Hall of Fame
Fred Sanford Scholarship Fund
Troopers Alumni Site
DCI Hall of Fame: Fred Sanford - 1991
1947 births
2000 deaths
American percussionists
Musicians from Wyoming
20th-century American drummers
American male drummers
20th-century American male musicians
Drum pedagogues
Mirasol is a barrio in the municipality of Lares, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 938.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Mirasol barrio was 1,027.
Sectors
Barrios (which are roughly comparable to minor civil divisions) and subbarrios, in turn, are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores (sectors in English). The types of sectores may vary, from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial, among others.
The following sectors are in Mirasol barrio:
, and
.
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of Lares, Puerto Rico
References
External links
Barrios of Lares, Puerto Rico
Exodus (stylized in all caps) is the second studio album by South Korean–Chinese boy band Exo. It was released on March 30, 2015, by SM Entertainment and distributed by KT Music. The album was re-released as Love Me Right on June 3. With both versions of the album, Exo had the largest sales volume in the shortest amount of time for any K-pop artist at the time, selling more than one million copies in two months.
This is the first album to not feature Kris and Luhan, as they both filed lawsuits against SM Entertainment and left the group back in of May and October 2014 respectively. It was the last album to have the group divided into Exo-K and Exo-M units. This is also the last album to feature Tao, as he suspended his activity a month later, and on August of that same year, filed a lawsuit against SM Entertainment, thereby departing the group.
Background and release
Before the album's release, SM Entertainment held a press conference, in which all the members were present except Lay, who was in China focusing on his then-upcoming film. Suho also stated that he had never thought about the sales numbers after the release of the album, and just wanted to bring new music to fans of the band. He said that the only thing on the members' mind whilst making the album was for the listeners to enjoy it. He also concluded by saying that it would be a new start for Exo, after the lawsuits of former band members Luhan and Kris, and that the members would show a brighter, fresher side to their fans.
The album features the lyrics from the likes of Teddy Riley and also Shinee's Jonghyun who wrote the lyrics of the song "Playboy". There are 10 songs that span a number of genres including dance, R&B, and ballad. Exo stated that 20 different covers of the album would be released, both online and in physical copies. Each member would be featured on their own cover on the album, in both a Korean and Chinese version. The Korean versions were colored gold while the Chinese versions were silver. When aligned, the spines of all the albums together would create their new logo.
Promotion
Exo held their comeback stage for "Call Me Baby" on M! Countdown (Mnet) where they co-operated their energetic choreography in various different stage locations. Along with the lead single, the band performed "My Answer" both on M! Countdown and Music Bank (KBS), and the title track both on Show! Music Core (MBC) and Inkigayo (SBS). Exo won their first award on Inkigayo aired on April 5, 2015. Promotions for the album were wrapped up by the band's performances on The Show (SBS MTV) aired on April 28, 2015. Exo received a total of 18 music show trophies for "Call Me Baby", breaking their own record previously held for "Growl" (14 trophies).
Commercial performance
According to SM Entertainment, pre-orders for Exodus reached 502,440 copies (321,200 in Korean and 181,240 in Chinese), already passing the half million mark. Domestically, the Korean version of the album topped the Gaon Weekly Albums Chart for four consecutive weeks, while its Chinese counterpart reached the runner-up position. Both versions occupied the first two spots until their third week of release. Later, the Korean version of its repackaged edition Love Me Right stayed atop the chart for two straight weeks. Exodus became the best-selling album in the first quarter of 2015, only two days after its release on March 30.
In Japan, both albums entered the top 10 of the Oricon Weekly Albums Chart, peaking at numbers four (Korean) and seven (Chinese), respectively. The combined version of the album sold over 6,000 copies in the United States and charted at number 95 on the Billboard 200 in its initial week of release. In doing so, Exodus became the second best-selling K-pop album in the region and the highest-charting album by a K-pop boy band. The album also topped Billboards World Albums Chart on the issue date of April 18, 2015, and stayed in the top 10 for six consecutive weeks. With the pre-order sales figures for Love Me Right combined, the album's total sales surpassed one million units globally.
Singles
SM Entertainment released the song "First Love" on YouTube to give the fans a sneak peek. According to the members, it was a present for the fans after waiting patiently and bearing with the problems and struggles faced by the band, while still supporting them with their activities. The song was uploaded onto music sharing websites, but was then made private after 10 hours of uploading it.
The lead single for the album, "Call Me Baby", was released online on March 28, 2015, while the accompanying music videos of two versions (both in Korean and Chinese, respectively) came out three days later through a number of media. The Korean version of the single peaked at number two on the Gaon Singles Chart, while its Chinese counterpart reached number 36. It also entered the Canadian Hot 100 for the week of April 25, 2015, debuting and peaking at number 98. Since its release, "Call Me Baby" has sold almost 826,000 digital copies in South Korea, and 831,000 worldwide.
The Korean version of "Love Me Right", the lead single for the album's repackaged edition later topped the Gaon Singles Chart, becoming the band's second number-one hit in their native country following "December, 2014 (The Winter's Tale)" (see Exo discography). It has sold about 625,000 digital copies in South Korea. The songs "El Dorado" and "Beautiful" from the album, were previously used three years prior, when SM Entertainment released the teasers for the band members. The songs used then were only short drafts and clips from the songs and had no lyrics. "El Dorado" was used in Chanyeol's teaser, whilst the teaser for "Beautiful" starred the members Lay, Baekhyun and Chen.
Accolades
Track listing
Credits adapted from Naver.
Notes
"Call Me Baby", "Love Me Right", "Tender Love", and "Promise (EXO 2014)" are sung by all members, with the rest being sung by EXO-K and EXO-M members in their respective Korean and Chinese versions except where individual members are indicated.
Tao does not participate in "Love Me Right", "Tender Love", and "Promise (EXO 2014)" due to his termination. His voice is heard in "First Love", even though he does not appear in the artwork of the repackage album.
EXO Member's Lay composed the music and wrote the lyrics, together with Chen and Chanyeol for Promise.
Charts
Korean and Chinese versions
Combined version
Release history
See also
List of best-selling albums in South Korea
List of K-pop on the Billboard charts
List of number-one albums of 2015 (South Korea)
Footnotes
References
External links
2015 albums
Albums produced by the Underdogs (production team)
Exo albums
Korean-language albums
Mandarin-language albums
SM Entertainment albums
Genie Music albums
Grand Prize Golden Disc Award-winning albums
Megalotylidae is a family of millipedes belonging to the order Chordeumatida. Adult millipedes in this family have 28 or 30 segments (counting the collum as the first segment and the telson as the last).
Genera:
Megalotyla Golovatch, 1978
References
Chordeumatida
Millipede families
The 2012 Penza Cup was a professional tennis tournament played on hard courts. It was the seventh edition of the tournament which was part of the 2012 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Penza, Russia between 16 and 22 July 2012.
Singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of July 9, 2012.
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Ilya Chkoniya
Aslan Karatsev
Anton Manegin
Alexey Tumakov
The following players received entry as an alternate into the singles main draw:
Victor Baluda
Mikhail Fufygin
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Mikhail Biryukov
Evgeny Karlovskiy
Richard Muzaev
Anton Zaitsev
Champions
Singles
Illya Marchenko def. Evgeny Donskoy, 7–5, 6–3
Doubles
Konstantin Kravchuk / Nikolaus Moser def. Yuki Bhambri / Divij Sharan, 6–7(5–7), 6–3, [10–7]
External links
Penza Cup
Penza Cup
2012 in Russian tennis
Here follows a list of notable people associated with Centre College in Danville, Kentucky.
Notable graduates
Law
John Christian Bullitt, 1849: attorney in Philadelphia, drafted the city's charter and founded the law firm of Drinker, Biddle & Reath
John Marshall Harlan, 1850: Supreme Court associate justice (1877–1911), cast the lone dissenting vote in Plessy v. Ferguson
Pierce Lively, 1943: federal judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit (1972–2016)
Andrew Phelps McCormick, 1854: federal judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit (1892–1916)
Fred M. Vinson, 1909, Law 1911: chief justice of the United States (1946–53), secretary of the treasury (1945–46), member of the U.S. House of Representatives from KY–08 and KY–09 (1933–43)
Government
George Madison Adams: member of the U.S. House of Representatives from KY–08 and KY–09 (1867–75), secretary of state of Kentucky (1887–91)
Joshua Fry Bell, 1828: member in the U.S. House of Representatives from KY–04 (1845–47; first Centre alumnus to serve in Congress), secretary of state of Kentucky (1849–50)
John C. Breckinridge, 1838: U.S. vice president (1857–61); Confederate secretary of war (1865); U.S. senator from Kentucky (1861)
John Y. Brown, Sr., 1921: member of the U.S. House of Representatives from KY–AL (1933–35)
Jacqueline Coleman, 2004: lieutenant governor of Kentucky (2019–present)
John Sherman Cooper, 1922: U.S. ambassador to East Germany (1974–76), U.S. senator from Kentucky (1946–49, 1952–55, 1956–73), U.S. ambassador to India (1955–56)
Michael W. Jackson, 1985:Alabama District Attorney (2005 - present)
Claude Matthews, 1867: governor of Indiana (1893–97), secretary of state of Indiana (1891–93)
Austin Peay, 1895: governor of Tennessee (1923–27)
Augustus Stanley, 1889: U.S. senator from Kentucky (1919–25), governor of Kentucky (1915–19), member of the U.S. House of Representatives from KY–02 (1903–15)
Adlai Stevenson I, 1859: U.S. vice president (1893–97), member of the U.S. House of Representatives from IL–13 (1875–77, 1879–81)
John T. Stuart, 1826: member of the U.S. House of Representatives from IL–03 (1839–43) and IL–08 (1863–65), lawyer, law partner of Abraham Lincoln
Yi Kuu, Prince Imperial Hoeun, 1952: Prince Imperial of Korea, grandson of Emperor Gojong
Joseph Holt, 1824: U.S. postmaster general, U.S. secretary of war and Judge Advocate General of the United States Army; leading judge in the trials of the Abraham Lincoln assassination
Thomas H. Taylor, Confederate general (1861–65), Louisville chief of police (1881–92)
George Graham Vest, U.S. senator from Missouri (1879–1903), Confederate senator from Missouri (1865), member of the Confederate House of Representatives from MO–05; best known for supposedly coining the phrases "man's best friend" and "history is written by the victors."
Arts
George Ella Lyon, 1971: former Kentucky Poet Laureate
Stephen Rolfe Powell, 1974: internationally acclaimed glass blower and art professor
Tony Crunk, 1978: winner, Yale Younger Poets prize
Athletics
Gene Bedford: second baseman for the Cleveland Indians and defensive end for the Rochester Jeffersons
Herb Covington, 1924: played football, basketball, and baseball for Centre, named to the all-time Centre football team in 1935
E.A. Diddle, 1920: legendary basketball coach of Western Kentucky University, member of the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame
Jordan Gay, 2013: punter and kickoff specialist for the Buffalo Bills
Cawood Ledford, 1949: voice of the University of Kentucky Wildcats for 30 years
Alvin Nugent "Bo" McMillin, 1922: three-time All-American quarterback; member of the College Football Hall of Fame; head football coach of Indiana University, Detroit Lions, and Philadelphia Eagles
Sully Montgomery, 1920: tackle for the Chicago Cardinals; boxer
Tom Moran: blocking back for the New York Giants
Homer Rice, football coach
Red Roberts, 1922: NFL player; head football coach of Waynesburg University
Lou Smyth, 1919: three-time NFL champion with the Canton Bulldogs
John Tanner, 1921: NFL wingback with the Toledo Maroons, Cleveland Indians, and Cleveland Bulldogs
Ken Willis, 1986 (transferred after one year): kicker for the Dallas Cowboys
Academia
Raymond Burse, 1973: Rhodes Scholar; General Counsel for General Electric; former president of Kentucky State University; the first African-American to compete in the Oxford v. Cambridge rugby match
Business
Isaac Tigrett, 1970: founder of the Hard Rock Cafe and the House of Blues
Other
Rev. Samuel D. Burchard, 1837: clergyman whose "Rum, Romanism and rebellion" speech may have cost James G. Blaine the 1884 presidential election
Charles Carpenter (Lt. Col.): highly decorated Second World War artillery observation pilot nicknamed "Bazooka Charlie"; destroyed several German armored vehicles in his bazooka-equipped L-4 Grasshopper light observation aircraft, christened "Rosie the Rocketer"
Lewis Craig Humphrey, 1896: editor of the Centre College newspaper The Cento; chief editor of the Louisville Evening Post and the Louisville Herald
E Patrick Doyle was attending Centre College in 1848 when he helped lead the largest slave uprising in Kentucky, ending with Doyle's capture and imprisonment.
Faculty and staff
J. Proctor Knott: law professor at Centre; 29th governor of Kentucky
Sara W. Mahan: 64th Secretary of State of Kentucky, served as college librarian from 1920–21
Ephraim McDowell: member of the Board of Trustees and namesake of the Ephraim McDowell Regional Medical Center
Presidents of the College
References
Centre College people
Centre College
Bojanja Vas (; , ) is a village in the Municipality of Metlika in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia, next to the border with Croatia. The entire area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.
Geography
Bojanja Vas is a clustered village on a slope on heavily karstified terrain. There are small fields on poor-quality soil to the south, vineyards to the east and south, and woods to the north and west. A water main was connected from the Jamnik Ridge northeast of the village in 1965, with the main water reservoir located west of the village, near Glavica Hill (493 m). Nearby caves include Kip Cave (), Šulnovka Cave, Kadiš Cave (), Role Cave, and Tončik Cave (). The Pečenjevka Chasm is located northeast of the village, where there is a 50 m waterfall from Jamnik Creek during heavy rains.
Name
Bojanja Vas was attested in written sources as Woyansdorff in 1423 and Wansdorf in 1498, among other spellings. The name Bojanja vas is derived from the Slavic hypocorism Bojanъ, from the personal name Bojeslavъ (literally, 'he who is renowned for fighting'). The settlement name literally means 'Bojanъ's village'. Locally, the village is known as Bojanci.
History
In the past, a market was held next to the village church, from which a judge in Metlika collected fees. In 1492 the market was moved to Metlika due to the danger of Ottoman attacks. In 1756 there were six farms in the village belonging to the Dominion of Krupa. A community cellar is preserved from 1873. During the Second World War, Italian forces burned all but four of the houses in the village on 7 August 1942. After the Italian surrender, Partisan forces concentrated in the village. In 1944 and 1945, a Partisan checkpoint for the Žumberak field hospitals was active in Bojanja Vas.
Mass grave
Bojanja Vas is the site of a mass grave associated with the Second World War. The Šulnovka Mass Grave () is located in a shaft in the woods 500 m east of the village. It contains the remains of unidentified civilians.
Church
The local church is dedicated to Saint Margaret and belongs to the Parish of Radovica. It was built in the 18th century. It is a simple structure with a rectangular nave. The interior of the church and the altar furnishings are in the Baroque style.
References
External links
Bojanja Vas on Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Metlika
Blystadlia is a village in Rælingen municipality, Norway, located near the southern border towards Lørenskog. Blystadlia was built in the 1970s, and has about 4,000 inhabitants.
Villages in Akershus
Rælingen
Jonas Hesselman (9 April 1877- 20 December 1957) was a Swedish engineer. He built the first spark ignition engine with direct injection of fuel into the cylinder.
Biography
Knut Jonas Elias Hesselman was born at Å församling in Östergötland, Sweden.
He was the son of factory owner Bror August Hesselman and Marie Louise Hesselman, née Åberg. He was the brother of professor Henrik Hesselman (1874–1943) and linguist Bengt Hesselman (1875–1952).
Hesselman graduated in 1899 from KTH Royal Institute of Technology, Department of Mechanics.
He worked from 1899 to 1916 for AB Diesel Engines (later Atlas Diesel, now Atlas Copco) in Sickla in Nacka just outside Stockholm, from 1901 as Head of Construction. Here he also developed Rudolf Diesel's engine further and won international recognition as an authority on diesel engines. In 1916 he opened his own factory and in 1925 presented the Hesselman engine, a hybrid between an Otto engine and diesel engine.
Jonas Hesselman also designed electrical vehicle components, among others, the motor that became the basis for Hesselman Elhydraulik, now Haldex AB. In 1970, Hesselman Elhydraulik developed the hydraulic power unit that still serves as the prototype for the existing lifts for trucks.
Jonas Hesselman was a resident of "Villa Hesselman" at Storängen outside Stockholm. The villa was designed in 1906 by architect Albin Brag (1878-1937). He lived here until his death in 1957.
See also
Diesel engine
References
Other sources
(Translated title: Vehicle history of Scania 1891-1991)
Lundeberg, Erik (1931) Hesselmanmotorn som bilmotor (Stockholm: Dædalus)
External links
Haldex website
1877 births
1957 deaths
People from Östergötland
KTH Royal Institute of Technology alumni
Swedish engineers
Members of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences
History of the diesel engine
Manufacturing company founders
Brehon's Chair, sometimes Druid's Chair, is a megalithic site, and national monument, in Whitechurch, Rathfarnham, Dún Laoghaire-Rathdown, in the traditional County Dublin, Ireland.
Etymology
The name Brehon's Chair refers to a Victorian idea that the monument was a seat of judgement used by a Brehon (an Anglicisation of breitheamh (earlier brithem), the Irish word for a judge) to administer the Brehon Laws that governed everyday life and politics in Ireland, until the Norman invasion of 1171 and in places until much later. The laws were written in the Old Irish period (ca. 600 – 900 AD) and probably reflect the traditional laws of pre-Christian Ireland. These secular laws continued to exist in parallel with, and sometimes in conflict with, Canon law, throughout the early Christian period. Druid's Chair reflects similar ideas with regard to a Celtic religious aspect. These ideas are not historically accurate, the monument actually dating from prehistoric times, between 500 and 2500 BCE.
Location
The monument is located in the townland of Taylorsgrange, and is sometimes known as the Taylor's Grange Dolmen. It is situated on a green within a gated housing development on a hillside off the Kellystown Road, in southern Rathfarnham, overlooking Dublin's M50 orbital motorway. Beyond is College Road, and to the south is Danesmoate House and its residual demesne, owned by Adam Clayton of U2. The site is passed by the Little Dargle River, a tributary of the River Dodder.
Structure and history
The monument comprises three granite stones, now roughly in the shape of a chair. When the ground around the monument was excavated, flint tools were among the artefacts found there. As noted above, this stone structure is often mis-described as having been a chair, or a druidic site. However, excavation and study has found it to be what remains of a passage tomb, similar, on a small scale, to that of Newgrange and the other Boyne Valley monuments, and also other historical sites in the Dublin Mountains, such as at Mount Venus. The two side or portal stones, and high, formed a basic door frame with the third, rear, stone being the door stone. There would probably have been a substantial cairn built up behind the major stones. When originally built, the tomb may once have been a place of spiritual and ceremonial, and possibly astrological, importance.
The monument was within the demesne lands of Glynsouthwell or Glen Southwell, now known as Danesmoate House.
Modern development
Planning permission for 48 houses south of the monument site was granted in the 1980s, and under a newer permission, two groups of detached houses, within a gated compound, were built southwest and southeast of the monument in 1998. In connection with these explorations of housing potential, archaeological investigations were undertaken in the 1989/1990 season. Following years of discussion and dispute, a final planning decision by An Bord Pleanála in 2018 allowed for the construction of 5 more houses some distance south of the monument, subject to a number of conditions. However, in 2021 the constructed development remains unoccupied and this 'final planning decision' has been superseded by a new planning application to Dun Laoghaire Rathdown County Council. The lands further south are barred to development, and all applications have avoided impinging on the monument's immediate vicinity, including the area between it and the motorway.
References
Rathfarnham
Archaeological sites in County Dublin
Tombs in the Republic of Ireland
The BUAA Mifeng-6 (en:Bee-6) is a hot-air airship designed and built in China by the Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics. The Mifeng-6 first flew on 20 December 1985 and at least four have been built. The Rotax 447 piston engine not only provides propulsion but is also used to inflate the envelope, burners are used to provide heat for buoyancy variation.
Specification
References
Notes
Bibliography
Airships
Balloons (aeronautics)
Airships of China
Milko Georgiev (; born 3 August 1998) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Bansko.
Career
Botev Plovdiv
Born in Vidin, Georgiev joined Botev Plovdiv at academy level in 2013. On 24 April 2016, he made his A Group debut in the local derby against Lokomotiv Plovdiv.
On 16 June 2017, Georgiev signed his first professional contract with the club. In July 2017, he was loaned to Second League club Oborishte Panagyurishte but couldn't agree personal terms and in August moved to Chernomorets Balchik on loan.
On 21 April 2018 Milko Georgiev scored his first goal for Botev Plovdiv during the 2-4 defeat from Ludogorets Razgrad. After that he participated in the home wins over CSKA Sofia and Beroe Stara Zagora.
Career statistics
Club
Honours
Botev Plovdiv
Bulgarian Cup: 2016–17
References
External links
Living people
1998 births
People from Vidin
Bulgarian footballers
Bulgaria youth international footballers
Association football midfielders
Botev Plovdiv players
FC Chernomorets Balchik players
OFC Pirin Blagoevgrad players
FC CSKA 1948 Sofia players
First Professional Football League (Bulgaria) players
Pontifical Equestrian Order of Saint Sylvester Pope and Martyr (, ), sometimes referred to as the Sylvestrine Order, or the Pontifical Order of Pope Saint Sylvester, is one of five orders of knighthood awarded directly by the Pope as Supreme Pontiff and head of the Catholic Church and as the Head of State of Vatican City.
History
This Order was at one time united with the Order of the Golden Militia. Pope Pius X in his motu proprio of 7 February 1905, entitled Multum ad excitandos, divided the Sylvestrine Order into two Orders of Knighthood, one retaining the name of St. Sylvester and the other taking the ancient name of the Order, i.e. Order of the Golden Militia, or Order of the Golden Spur.
It is intended to honor Roman Catholic lay people who are actively involved in the life of the church, particularly as it is exemplified in the exercise of their professional duties and mastership of the different arts. It is also conferred on non-Catholics and in the UK current recipients include prominent Anglicans, Muslims and Jews.
Awards of the Order are generally made on the recommendation of Diocesan Bishops or of Apostolic Nuncios (nominations may be made by parish priests to their bishop for his consideration). Awards are also granted on recommendation of the Papal Secretary of State. Pope John Paul II extended membership in the Order to ladies as well as gentlemen.
Before the 1905 Regulations of Pius X
Prior to the year 1841 it was known as the Militia of the Golden Spur or Golden Militia, and though it is not historically established who among the many supposed founders is the true one, yet it undoubtedly is the oldest and, at one time, was one of the most prized of the papal orders. Faculties granted to the Sforza family, to the College of Abbreviators, and to bishops assistant at the throne to create Knights of the Golden Militia resulted in lavish bestowal and diminished prestige of the decoration.
Pope Gregory XVI in his Papal Brief of 31 October 1841, entitled Quod hominum mentes, retained the ancient name of the Order and placed it under the patronage of St. Sylvester (one of its alleged founders). He withdrew all faculties to whom and by whomsoever given, and forbade the use of the title or the decoration to all knights created by any means other than a Papal Brief. To restore the Order to its ancient glory and splendour, he limited the number of Commanders to 150 and knights to 300 (for the Papal States only), and appointed the Cardinal of Apostolic Briefs as Chancellor of the Order, with the duty of preserving the name, grade, number and date of admission of each knight.
Pope Gregory divided the Order into two classes:
Commander wore a large-sized decoration suspended at the neck, on a wide ribbon.
Knight wore a small-sized decoration on the left side of the breast, on a smaller ribbon.
The decoration or cross of the Order, according to Pope Gregory's Brief, was an eight-pointed gold cross with an image of St. Sylvester wearing the tiara on its white enameled centre, and around this centre a blue enamelled circle bearing in letters of gold the inscription SANC. SYLVESTER P. M. On the reverse side, in golden characters, was stamped MDCCCXLI GREGORIUS XVI RESTITUIT. A small golden spur hung suspended from the two sides of the foot of the cross of the Order to mark the unity of the Sylvestrine Order with that of the Golden Militia.
The ribbon of the decoration was of silk composed of five strands, three of which were red, and two black. The golden chain worn around the neck by members of both classes had the decoration with its tiny golden spur suspended from it.
The official uniform was a red evening dress coat with two rows of gold buttons with green collar and facing. The gold embroideries of the coat were of a more ornate design for Grand Crosses and less so for Commanders and Knights. White trousers, with gold side bands, hat with white plumes and a sword with a silver hilt and also gilt spurs, completed this rarely used costume.
Since the 1905 Regulations of Pius X
The Order currently has three classes. In order of seniority they are:
Knight / Dame Grand Cross (GCSS) – wears a large cross suspended from a broad ribbon (sash) over the right shoulder across the breast to the left hip, along with the breast star
Knight Commander – wears a smaller cross suspended by the ribbon of the Order encircling the neck. Dame Commander wears the same cross suspended from a bow on the left breast. This class is divided into two categories:
Knight / Dame Commander with Star (KC*SS / DC*SS) – wears the star of the Order on the lower left breast
Knight / Dame Commander (KCSS / DCSS) – does not wear the star
Knight / Dame (KSS / DSS) – wears the smallest cross on a ribbon attached to the left breast of the tunic.
Each recipient may illustrate their Papal knighthood with post nominal lettering as seen above.
Insignia
The current decoration or cross of the Order is a gold cross of white enamelled surface, in the centre of which is impressed the image of St. Sylvester, surrounded by a blue enamelled circle bearing the inscription in letters of gold SANC. SYLVESTER P. M. On the obverse, in the centre, are the Papal tiara and crossed keys with the date of the Order's restoration under Gregory: MDCCCXXXXR, and that of the Pius X renovation, MDCCCCV, impressed in characters of gold upon a blue circle.
The ribbon of the decoration is black silk with three narrow red stripes.
The star or badge is the cross of the Order attached to a silver star.
Uniform
The official uniform is a black coat ornamented with one row of gilt buttons, black velvet, gold-embroidered collar and cuffs, black gold-striped trousers, a bicornered cocked silk (bicorne) hat with a cockade of the papal colors to which is added a white plume when worn by a Knight Grand Cross, a black plume when worn by a Commander, and a sword. Knights Grand Cross wear a sash and a badge or star on the left side of the breast; Commanders wear a cross around the neck; and Knights wear a smaller cross on the left breast of the uniform. The uniform is considerably more embroidered for the higher ranks and white gloves are usually worn.
Heraldry
In ecclesiastical heraldry, laypersons awarded the rank Grand Cross display a blue enamelled circle bearing the inscription in letters of gold SANC. SYLVESTER P. M around the shield in their coat of arms, while other ranks place an appropriate ribbon below the shield.
Obligations
Papal knights and dames do not have any specific obligations by virtue of their having been given the personal honour of membership in an Order. However, it is customary for them to be invited to participate in major events of their diocese, such as the consecration of bishops, the ordination of priests, and the introduction of a new bishop into his diocese. On such formal occasions they would wear the uniform of the Order.
Notable members
Archduke Otto von Habsburg, Crown Prince of Austria and Hungary and former MEP.
Oskar Schindler, German industrialist and Yad Vashem, Knight Grand Cross of the Order.
Ken Harada, Japanese envoy to the Holy See, into the order.
Major General William Joseph Donovan, father of the CIA, Knight Grand Cross of the Order.
George Borg Olivier, Prime Minister of Malta, Knight Grand Cross of the Order.
George, Duke of Mecklenburg, head of the House of Mecklenburg-Strelitz, Knight Grand Cross
Karl August, 10th Prince of Thurn and Taxis, German Prince, Knight Grand Cross of the Order.
Joseph Flores, Governor of Guam.
Bob Hope, KBE, entertainer.
Jagatjit Singh of Kapurthala Maharaja of Khapurthala.
Sir Burton Hall Chief Justice of The Bahamas and Justice of the UN International Court at The Hague, Knight.
Prince Sadruddin Aga Khan, Knight Commander.
Charles Delporte, Belgian artist, Knight.
Shūsaku Endō, Japanese author.
Rabbi Arthur Schneier, Austrian-American Holocaust survivor, clergyman and activist.
Lorenz Weinrich, German historian, Knight Commander with Star.
Martín Marciales Moncada, Venezuelan philanthropist, Knight.
Austin Mardon, Canadian author, community leader, and advocate for the disabled.
Catherine Mardon, Canadian author, activist, and lawyer.
Count Maurice de Patoul, Grand Marshall of the Royal Court.
Count Pierre Ryckmans, Governor-General of the Belgian Congo.
Ludwig Pollak, Czech-born Art historian, museum director in Rome, Knight Commander.
I. X. Pereira Dewan Bahadur Chevalier Ignatius Xavier Pereira KCSS (26 April 1888 – 21 July 1951) was a colonial-era Ceylonese businessman and politician. [1] . He was from a wealthy and eminent Paravar family from Tuticorin.
Stanislav Zachar, Slovak builder, co-founder of Matica Slovenska, Knight since 1928. Stanislav Zachar (staviteľ)
John Charles Buckley, Irishman who served in the army of the Papal Government in the 1860s.
Jan Count Dobrzenský z Dobrzenicz, 50th Grand Master of the Military and Hospitaller Order of Saint Lazarus of Jerusalem (knight, 2016)
Charles Columbe, Author and papal historian, Knight Commander.
Kento Masuda, Japanese composer and recording artist.
Anthony Bailey, inter-faith campaigner, Knight Grand Cross.
General Sir Richard Lawson, Commander-in-Chief of Allied Forces Northern Europe, Knight Commander.
Professor David Khalili, art collector, Knight Commander.
Mahmoud Khayami, businessman and interfaith campaigner, Knight.
Don Maclean, entertainer, Knight.
Dr. Peter Obi, Politician, Businessman.
Chevalier Lorenzo Balbi, 1844-1922 Valletta, Malta. Patrizio Genovese, Philanthropist. The Church of the Holy Trinity in Marsa, Malta was entirely financed by benefactors Lorenzo Balbi and his wife Carmela née Ozzini. Balbi was honored with a knighthood of the Order of San Silvester while his wife received the Pro Eclesia et Pontefice, a decoration of the Holy See, which is conferred to people for their distinguished service to the Catholic Church.
National Associations
There are National Associations of Papal Knights in France, Great Britain, Ireland and the United States, as well as Diocesan Associations such as those in Milan and Los Angeles.
See also
Papal Orders of Knighthood
References
Bibliography
Rock, P.M.J. (1908) Pontifical Decorations, The Catholic Encyclopedia, New York, Robert Appleton Company
Moroni, Diz., XI, 6 sqq.; XVIII, 210 sqq.; XLIX, 81 sq q.; LXIV, 91 sqq.; LXVIII, 238 sqq.
Giobbio, Lezioni di diplomazia ecclesiastica (Rome, 1899), Part I, lib. I, cap. x, art. iv, 514 sqq.
André-Wagner, Dict. de Droit Canonique, III, 83, 501; IV, 361
Battandier, Ann. Pont. Cath., 1901, 483 sqq.; 1902, 468 sqq.; 1908, 646 sq. For a list of knights of all the decorations see Ann. for 1905. 1907, and 1908; Pii IX P. M. Acta, Part I, 43 sq., 195 sq.; IV, 391 sq.
Bernasconi, Acta Gregorii papæ XVI, 48; III, 179 sq.; Analecta Ecclesiastica (Rome, 1905), 99 sq.; 1907, 189; Leonis XIII Pont. Max. Acta (Rome), VIII, 259, 282; XXI, 74
External links
Association of Papal Orders in Great Britain
Star of Order of St Sylvester
Awards established in 1841
1841 establishments in the Papal States
Orders, decorations, and medals of the Holy See
Rovine is a village in the municipality of Ivanjica, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 59 inhabitants.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Kallipennu is a 1966 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed and produced by P. A. Thomas. The film stars Sathyan, Adoor Bhasi, Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair and Muthukulam Raghavan Pillai. The film had musical score by B. A. Chidambaranath.
Cast
Sathyan
Adoor Bhasi
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair
Muthukulam Raghavan Pillai
T. R. Omana
Jolly
Parvathi
Premakumari
K. V. Shanthi
Ushakumari
Adithyan
Soundtrack
The music was composed by B. A. Chidambaranath and the lyrics were written by P. Bhaskaran.
References
External links
1966 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
The Hosoya index, also known as the Z index, of a graph is the total number of matchings in it. The Hosoya index is always at least one, because the empty set of edges is counted as a matching for this purpose. Equivalently, the Hosoya index is the number of non-empty matchings plus one. The index is named after Haruo Hosoya. It is used as a topological index in chemical graph theory.
For a graph with n vertices, the Hosoya index is upper bounded by
The upper bound is attained if the graph is fully connected.
History
This graph invariant was introduced by Haruo Hosoya in 1971. It is often used in chemoinformatics for investigations of organic compounds.
In his article, "The Topological Index Z Before and After 1971," on the history of the notion and the associated inside stories, Hosoya writes that he introduced the Z index to report a good correlation of the boiling points of alkane isomers and their Z indices, basing on his unpublished 1957 work carried out while he was an undergraduate student at the University of Tokyo.
Example
A linear alkane, for the purposes of the Hosoya index, may be represented as a path graph without any branching. A path with one vertex and no edges (corresponding to the methane molecule) has one (empty) matching, so its Hosoya index is one; a path with one edge (ethane) has two matchings (one with zero edges and one with one edges), so its Hosoya index is two. Propane (a length-two path) has three matchings: either of its edges, or the empty matching. n-butane (a length-three path) has five matchings, distinguishing it from isobutane which has four. More generally, a matching in a path with k edges either forms a matching in the first k − 1 edges, or it forms a matching in the first k − 2 edges together with the final edge of the path. Thus, the Hosoya indices of linear alkanes obey the recurrence governing the Fibonacci numbers. The structure of the matchings in these graphs may be visualized using a Fibonacci cube.
The largest possible value of the Hosoya index, on a graph with n vertices, is given by the complete graph, and the Hosoya indices for the complete graphs are the telephone numbers
1, 1, 2, 4, 10, 26, 76, 232, 764, 2620, 9496, ... .
Algorithms
The Hosoya index is #P-complete to compute, even for planar graphs. However, it may be calculated by evaluating the matching polynomial mG at the argument 1. Based on this evaluation, the calculation of the Hosoya index is fixed-parameter tractable for graphs of bounded treewidth and polynomial (with an exponent that depends linearly on the width) for graphs of bounded clique-width.
The Hosoya index can be efficiently approximated using an FPRAS.
Notes
References
Roberto Todeschini, Viviana Consonni (2000) "Handbook of Molecular Descriptors", Wiley-VCH,
Graph invariants
Mathematical chemistry
Cheminformatics
Matching (graph theory)
Stacey Chanelle Clare Solomon-Swash (born 4 October 1989) is an English singer and television personality. She finished in third place on the sixth series of The X Factor in 2009, and won the tenth series of I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here! in 2010. Her debut single, a cover of "Driving Home for Christmas", was released in 2011, followed by her debut studio album, Shy, in 2015. In 2016, Solomon presented I'm a Celebrity: Extra Camp, and began appearing as a panellist on the ITV talk show Loose Women. On 24 July 2022, she married her partner of 6 years, presenter Joe Swash. The pair share 2 children together, Rex, aged 3, and baby Rose, who was born on Stacey's birthday in 2021.
Early life
Stacey Chanelle Clare Solomon was born in Dagenham, London, on 4 October 1989, the daughter of Fiona and David Solomon. Her mother was born into an Anglican family and was the daughter of a vicar, but converted to Judaism before marrying Solomon's father, who is of Iraqi-Jewish and Polish-Jewish descent. Her parents divorced when she was nine. She has said of her Jewish background, "Growing up, the influence Judaism had on me was an overwhelming understanding loving those around you, care for others as if they are part of your family and strive to be the best individual you can be." She attended a Christian primary school, where she said she "felt included and no different to [her] peers", but later studied at the Jewish King Solomon High School in Barkingside.
Career
Music
In 2009, Solomon auditioned for the sixth series of The X Factor, performing "What a Wonderful World". Solomon was among the top 12 contestants and advanced to the live shows and was mentored by Dannii Minogue. During the first week of the live shows she performed Coldplay's "The Scientist", which gained positive reviews from the judges. During week two, she performed "At Last", receiving the most public votes. She sang "When You Wish Upon a Star" during the third week. On the fourth week, all contestants had to sing rock songs; Minogue selected "Somewhere Only We Know", and Solomon's performance resulted in positive reviews. On the fifth week, she sang "Son of a Preacher Man". The sixth week into the competition, Solomon sang Queen's "Who Wants to Live Forever".
During the sixth week, she also released a cover of Michael Jackson's "You Are Not Alone", which topped the charts on the UK Singles Chart and the Irish Singles Chart On the seventh week, she performed "I Can't Make You Love Me" and again received positive reviews from the judges and the audience. In the quarter-final, Solomon performed "Rule the World" by Take That and "Something About the Way You Look Tonight" by Elton John. In the semi-final she performed another Michael Jackson song, "The Way You Make Me Feel", and the song "Somewhere" for which she received a standing ovation again by the judges. During the final week, Solomon performed a duet "Feeling Good" with Michael Bublé. She also performed "What a Wonderful World" and "Who Wants to Live Forever". Solomon was awarded third place in the competition, behind Joe McElderry and Olly Murs.
Solomon went on tour with her fellow X Factor finalists. In December 2010, she returned to the show, where she presented the show from Essex for winner, Matt Cardle.
In June 2011, Solomon began working on her debut album, due to be released in 2012. Her first single from the album was originally to be released in February, but was delayed. On 5 November 2011, Solomon performed to thousands as the headline act at Paisley's Christmas Lights Switch On event. In September 2011, it was reported that Solomon was in a bidding war between record labels. However, she stated that she will have complete control. She was also asked to join The Only Way Is Essex, but turned it down.
On 18 December 2011, Solomon released a cover of Chris Rea's "Driving Home for Christmas" as her Christmas single. The single was used for the Iceland Christmas commercial and reached number 27 in the UK Singles Chart.
On 29 November 2013, Solomon was announced as the headline artist to lead a choir of over 110,000 primary school children. She joined the Young Voices tour, which took place from 14 January to 5 February 2014 in Birmingham, Sheffield, London and Manchester. The singer performed tracks from her forthcoming debut album on the tour, scheduled for release in 2014. Her debut album "Shy" was released in April 2015 along with the title track "Shy". In 2016, she released her second single from the album, "My Big Mistake".
Solomon returned to the fourteenth series of The X Factor UK on Saturday 2 December 2017 and Sunday 3 December 2017, co-presenting alongside George Shelley. She interviewed the fourteenth series' finalists parents, families, relatives and friends at the live finals from ExCeL London on things such as how they feel about their finalist and wishing their finalist good luck. The interview is to give the audience a sense of support the finalists have behind them. Solomon and Shelley were co-presenters for this purpose of interviewing only, the main presenter being Dermot O'Leary. She returned in the same position the following year.
Solomon has had fashion collaborations with Irish fast fashion brand Primark, including a children's range which she marketed with her own children. She paired up with Amazon in 2020.
Television
Solomon took part in the tenth series of the reality show I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! She beat Shaun Ryder in the final and was crowned "Queen of the Jungle".
In 2011, she became the face of supermarket Iceland, taking over from Coleen Nolan.
Solomon performed a duet with Ryder at the 16th National Television Awards – "Feeling Good" and "Step On" by Happy Mondays.
In October 2010, she won the Living TV show Party Wars. In April 2011, Solomon and Keith Lemon presented Sing If You Can. On 5 September 2011, Solomon appeared in the Sooty episode "The Wedding" as Miss Solomon the Vicar.
From 11 March 2012, Solomon and Chris Moyles presented Sky Living's dating show The Love Machine . In Spring 2012, Solomon starred in an episode of Mad Mad World on ITV with Eamonn Holmes and Stephen K. Amos. From 5 September 2012, Solomon was part of the judging panel for ITV2's Top Dog Model.
In May 2014, Solomon recorded the theme tune for Channel 5's children's show Pip Ahoy!. She also has a recurring role in the show, voicing Fuchsia the Flamingo.
From February 2015, Solomon took part in the second series of The Jump and was eliminated on 4 February.
Throughout Summer 2016, Solomon appeared several times as a guest panellist on ITV daytime show Loose Women. It was later announced she would become a regular panellist alongside Lisa Riley after Vicky Pattison and Jamelia left the show.
On 22 September 2016, it was announced Solomon would take over from Laura Whitmore and become co-host of newly named I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! spin-off I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! Extra Camp alongside Vicky Pattison, Joe Swash and Chris Ramsey. She didn't return for the following series.
On a celebrity special of The Chase aired on 30 October 2016, Solomon won £60,000 in her individual chase, opposing Anne Hegerty (The Governess).
On 25 June 2017, Solomon appeared as a guest on ITV2's Love Island: Aftersun, a chat-show companion to Love Island. She also took part in a celebrity edition of The Crystal Maze on Channel 4.
In January 2018 she participated in And They're Off! in aid of Sport Relief. Stacey also launched a clothing range with Primark on 11 October 2018.
In February 2019 on an episode of Loose Women, Solomon announced she would become a regular panellist for ITV2's Celebrity Juice, hosted by Keith Lemon.
On 10 March 2021, Solomon announced on Instagram the BBC had commissioned home-decluttering series Sort Your Life Out, with her presenting.
Clothing range - Stacey X Primark
On 11th October 2018, Stacey launched her own fashion line in Primark, the range consisted of a variety of women's clothing and accessories with sizes range from 2XS to 2XL.
In October 2019, a second collection was released, an Autumn/Winter collection of women's clothing.
In 2020, we saw Stacey collaborate with Primark yet again however this time with her first kids collection. This launch consisted of a variety of kids clothes range. 2021 saw a new kid range released including sleepwear, loungewear and autumn/winter children's clothes. Additional collaborations with primark include Stacy Home which sees some of her slogans used on kitchenware.
Launched at the end of May, Stacey's latest collaboration with Primark is a Spring/summer kids collection as well as some matching adult pieces. Items in the range include towel cover ups, swimwear, dresses, shorts and even some picnic essentials such as wooden plates, non slip bowls, silicone bibs etc.
Clothing range - Stacey X In the Style
In April 2021, it was announced Solomon would be collaborating on a clothing range with In the Style. This summer collection included a variety of women's dresses, slogan tees, jumpsuit and more.
Her latest collections, launched in 2022 include a spring/summer collection in April and then most recently an occasion wear collection in July 2022.
Personal life
Solomon had her first child in 2008 at age 18, with her then-boyfriend Dean Cox. Her second son, born in 2012, was fathered by her ex-fiancé Aaron Barnham.
Solomon began dating television personality Joe Swash in 2015 after they met during the tenth series of I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here! in 2010. They have one son together, born in May 2019. She announced her engagement to Swash on her Instagram page on 24 December 2020. She is also the stepmother of Swash's son from a previous relationship. On 4 October 2021, her 32nd birthday, she announced that she had given birth to a daughter that same day. Solomon and Swash were married at their home on 24 July 2022.
Solomon has been open about dealing with anxiety.
Discography
Albums
Singles
As lead artist
As featured artist
References
External links
Official website
1989 births
Living people
English people of Polish-Jewish descent
English people of Iraqi-Jewish descent
English women pop singers
People from Dagenham
Sony BMG artists
The X Factor (British TV series) contestants
I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! (British TV series) winners
English Jews
Bashkim Ajdini (born 10 December 1992), previously known as Bashkim Renneke is a Kosovan professional footballer who plays as a right-back for German club SV Sandhausen.
Club career
VfL Osnabrück
On 24 May 2016, Ajdini joined 3. Liga side VfL Osnabrück. On 31 July 2016, he made his debut in a 0–1 away win against Preußen Münster after coming on as a substitute at 58th minute in place of Jules Reimerink. Twenty-six days after debut, Ajdini scored his first goal for VfL Osnabrück in his second appearance for the club in a 4–2 away defeat over Werder Bremen II in 3. Liga.
SV Sandhausen
On 28 June 2021, Ajdini joined 2. Bundesliga side SV Sandhausen, to replace the injured Dennis Diekmeier as the second choice. On 25 July 2021, he made his debut in a 0–2 home defeat against Fortuna Düsseldorf after being named in the starting line-up.
International career
Ajdini was eligible for Kosovo and Germany internationally, as well as Sweden, his birthplace. On 25 May 2021, he received a call-up from Kosovo for the friendly matches against San Marino and Malta, he was an unused substitute in these matches.
Personal life
Ajdini was born in Halmstad, Sweden, where his parents had emigrated to escape the tensions of the Yugoslav Wars, and later settled in Schloß Holte-Stukenbrock, Germany. His family was deported back to Veliki Trnovac in August 2003, but he returned to Germany a year later after being adopted by a German family living in Hövelhof and taking their surname Renneke instead of his original surname Ajdini. On 5 March 2019, he re-took his birth surname "Ajdini".
References
External links
Living people
1992 births
Sportspeople from Halmstad
Association football fullbacks
Kosovan footballers
Kosovo international footballers
Kosovan expatriate footballers
Kosovan expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Swedish footballers
Swedish expatriate footballers
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Swedish people of Kosovan descent
Swedish people of Albanian descent
German footballers
German people of Kosovan descent
German people of Albanian descent
3. Liga players
2. Bundesliga players
Arminia Bielefeld players
SG Sonnenhof Großaspach players
VfL Osnabrück players
SV Sandhausen players
Sportspeople from Halland County
The three-toed jacamar (Jacamaralcyon tridactyla) is a species of bird in the family Galbulidae. It is monotypic within the genus Jacamaralcyon.
It is endemic to Brazil. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forest, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest, and plantations. It is threatened by habitat loss.
Taxonomy and etymology
The three-toed jacamar is one of 18 jacamar species in the family Galbulidae. It is in the monotypic genus Jacamaralcyon, and has no subspecies. When he first described it in 1807, French naturalist François Levaillant named the species "jacamaralcion", a combination of the words "jacamar" and "alcyon" — the latter a form of the word "halcyon", meaning "kingfisher". French ornithologist Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot assigned it to the large jacamar genus Galbula when he established a scientific name for it in 1817, naming it Galbula tridactyla. In 1830, French ornithologist René Primevère Lesson created the genus Jacamaralcyon, separating the three-toed jacamar from other jacamar species on the basis of its unusual foot structure; the genus name is a nod to Levaillant's earlier common name for the bird. The specific name tridactyla is a combination of the Greek words tri, meaning "three" and dactulos, meaning "toes".
Description
Like all members of its family, the three-toed jacamar is short-legged and short-winged. It perches upright, with its tail down and its long, sharply-pointed beak uptilted. It is a medium-sized bird, measuring in length and weighing between ; females average heavier than males. The sexes are similarly plumaged: slaty black with a bronzy-green gloss above, and somewhat paler below. The belly and the center of the breast are white. The adult has a brownish-gray cap and a black throat, and the cap, chin and the sides of the head are finely marked with pale fulvous streaks. Its bill is black, and its feet are slaty gray.
Unlike other members of its family, the three-toed jacamar has three, rather than four, toes. Its small zygodactyl feet are missing a hind toe, and the front two toes are fused together at the base.
Habitat and range
Endemic to southeastern Brazil, the three-toed jacamar is found in drier parts of the Atlantic Forest. It is now restricted to the states of Rio de Janeiro (primarily in the Paraíba do Sul valley) and eastern Minas Gerais, though populations also formerly existed in the states of Espírito Santo, São Paulo and Paraná. Although it is generally found in intact forest, it can survive in more degraded areas, such as plantations, provided that a native understory layer persists. There is some evidence that it is associated with streams, as it needs earthen banks in which to nest; it also uses banks created by road cuttings. The species is largely sedentary, though youngsters disperse after fledging, and adults sometimes move short distances.
Behavior
Although it is a colonial nester, the three-toed jacamar is generally found singly or in pairs. It sometimes joins mixed species flocks.
Food and feeding
Like all jacamars, the three-toed jacamar is an insectivore. It feeds preferentially on small, cryptically colored moths and butterflies, and Hymenoptera, but will also take flies, dragonflies, beetles, true bugs and termites. It hunts from an open perch in the forest understory or along the forest edge, sallying after prey which it often beats on a branch; this serves to stun the insect, and to remove any stinger or venom, as well as the wings.
Breeding
Three-toed jacamars breed during Brazil's rainy season, with vocalizations and other courtship behaviors increasing between September and February. During courtship, rival males sit side by side on a branch, flicking their wings and pumping their tails as they sing. Territories are defended vocally, with rivals rarely resorting to physical confrontation. The species excavates a burrow nest, using one foot at a time to dig into an earthen bank; evidence (in the form of dirty and broken beaks on female museum specimens) suggests that the female may do most or all of the nest digging. Burrows are wide and high, and may extend as much as into the bank. The species tends to nest colonially. The female lays .
Voice
The three-toed jacamar's song is a shrill series of short, ascending whistles, lasting about . Unlike most jacamars, which typically sing alone, male three-toed jacamars tend to sing in groups of 2–6.
Conservation and threats
The three-toed jacamar is a species in trouble; habitat loss and habitat degradation have contributed significantly to its steep decline, and it is now rated as Near Threatened by the International Union for Conservation of Nature. Its total population is estimated at , which survive in small, widely scattered pockets of appropriate habitat across southeastern Brazil.
References
External links
three-toed jacamar
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Endemic birds of Brazil
three-toed jacamar
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Franklin County Courthouse may refer to:
Franklin County Courthouse, Southern District, Charleston, Arkansas, listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP)
Franklin County Courthouse (Ozark, Arkansas), NRHP-listed
Franklin County Courthouse (Georgia), Carnesville, Georgia, NRHP-listed
Franklin County Courthouse (Idaho), Preston, Idaho, NRHP-listed
Franklin County Courthouse (Illinois), in Benton, Illinois
Fourth Franklin County Courthouse
Franklin County Courthouse (Iowa), in Hampton, Iowa, NRHP-listed
Franklin County Courthouse (Kansas), Ottawa, Kansas, NRHP-listed
Franklin County Courthouse (Kentucky), in NRHP-listed Frankfort Commercial Historic District
Franklin County Courthouse (Maine), Farmington, Maine, NRHP-listed
Franklin County Courthouse (Mississippi), Meadville, Mississippi, NRHP-listed
Franklin County Courthouse (Nebraska), Franklin, Nebraska, NRHP-listed
Franklin County Courthouse (Ohio), Columbus, Ohio
Franklin County Courthouse (1840–1884), Columbus, Ohio
Franklin County Courthouse (1887–1974), Columbus, Ohio
Franklin County Courthouse (Pennsylvania), in Chambersburg, Pennsylvania, NRHP-listed
Franklin County Courthouse (Tennessee), in Winchester, Tennessee, NRHP-listed
Franklin County Courthouse and Jail, Mount Vernon, Texas
Franklin County Courthouse (Washington), Pasco, Washington, NRHP-listed
The Cochin Party was a political party in Cochin, India. The party was founded in 1949 by C.V. Iyyu, Kunhirama Menon and others. Although the party had no links as such with the Cochin Praja Mandal, some of its leaders had been members of that group. The party opposed integration of Cochin into a joint state with Travancore, and raised the slogan 'Cochin for Cochinites'. It sought to maintain a separate Cochin state. The party had a right-wing profile.
The election symbol of the party was a flower. The party presented twelve candidates in the 1951 Travancore-Cochin Legislative Assembly election. In total the candidates of the party obtained 59,535 votes (1.75% of the votes in the state). One candidate of the party was elected, Ayyappan from the Wadankancherry constituency (which had two seats, the other being won by the Socialist Party). The party fielded one candidate in the 1951 Lok Sabha election, Ephrahim Moovamby in the Crangannur seat. He obtained 8,947 votes (3.74% of the votes in the constituency). By the 1954 elections the party had disappeared.
References
Political parties in Travancore–Cochin
Political parties established in 1949
Conservative parties in India
1949 establishments in India
Political parties disestablished in 1954
1954 disestablishments in India
Donald or Don Walsh may refer to:
Donald Walsh (athlete), Irish distance runner
A. D. Walsh (known as Donald Walsh; 1916–1977), British chemist
E. Donald Walsh (1917–1997), American major general
Don Walsh (born 1931), American oceanographer, explorer and marine policy specialist
Don Walsh (basketball), American basketball player
Don Walsh (Canadian football) (1932–2006), Canadian football player
Don Walsh (footballer) (1934–2016), Australian rules footballer
Donnie Walsh (born 1941), basketball consultant
, colloquially abbreviated to {KSGU}, was a private non-sectarian and coeducational university located in Kobe, Japan. Established in 2007, it had been specialized in Tourism Studies. However, mainly due to the financial problems occurred in the management body, the university stopped admitting students from 2015 and almost all staffs and students moved to Kobe Yamate University after establishing a Tourism department there.
History
2007 - Kobe Shukugawa Gakuin University was established as a four-year university for the education of tourism professionals.
2013 - Shukugawa Gakuin College moved its campus to the university.
2014 - Shukugawa Gakuin announced that it stops admitting students of this university.
2015 - Department of Tourism was established in Kobe Yamate University in succession to School of Tourism, Kobe Shukugawa Gakuin University.
Campus
The campus of Kobe Shukugawa Gakuin University was located on Port Island in Kobe.
Port Island Campus - (1-3-11 Minatojima, Kobe, Hyogo 650-0045)
Organization
Faculty (Undergraduate Programs)
School of Tourism
Department of Tourism
Culture and Nature Tourism
Health Tourism
Airlines and Cruise Tourism
Hotel Management and Coordinating Events
Attached organizations
Research Center for English Education
Research Center for Tourism Education
Research Center for Region
Career Center
Extension Center
See also
Kobe Yamate University
Shukugawa Gakuin College
References
External links
Official Facebook page
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Educational institutions established in 2007
Universities and colleges in Hyōgo Prefecture
2007 establishments in Japan
Defunct private universities and colleges in Japan
Vice Admiral Sir Charles Anthony Johnstone-Burt, (born 1 February 1958) is a retired Royal Navy officer who is currently serving as the Master of the Household.
Education
Johnstone-Burt was educated at Wellington College and Van Mildert College at Durham University, where he took Joint Honours in Psychology and Anthropology in 1980.
Naval career
Johnstone-Burt joined the Royal Navy in 1977. Promoted to lieutenant in January 1982, served in during the Falklands War. He qualified as a helicopter pilot in 1983 flying Sea Kings and Lynx helicopters. He qualified as a principal warfare officer and served in several frigates before being appointed as first lieutenant and second-in-command of in 1991. He was appointed commanding officer of in 1994 and went on to study at the United States Naval War College, where courses are affiliated with Salve Regina University in Rhode Island, taking a Master of Arts in International Relations from 1996 to 1997. He also attended the Higher Command and Staff Course at the Joint Services Command and Staff College in 2000.
Johnstone-Burt was appointed commanding officer of and Captain of the 6th Frigate Squadron in 2000 before becoming Commodore of the Royal Naval College, Dartmouth in 2002 and then Captain of in 2004. He went on to be Deputy Commander and Chief of Staff of the Joint Helicopter Command in 2005, Flag Officer, Scotland, Northern England and Northern Ireland in 2006, and Commander of the Joint Helicopter Command in 2008 before being appointed Director of Counter Narcotics and International Organised Crime at Headquarters International Security Assistance Force in Kabul, Afghanistan in 2011. Promoted to vice admiral, he became the Chief of Staff to NATO's Supreme Allied Command Transformation at Norfolk, Virginia, in November 2011 and held this post until October 2013 when he retired from the Service.
Johnstone-Burt was appointed a Companion of the Order of the Bath (CB) in the 2013 New Year Honours, and Knight Commander of the Royal Victorian Order (KCVO) in the 2020 Birthday Honours.
In 2013 Johnstone-Burt became the Master of the Household to the Sovereign. He was a member of the Board of Governors of Monkton Combe School from 2004. He was appointed as a Deputy Lieutenant of the County of Dorset on 22 August 2016. This gave him the Post Nominal Letters "DL" for Life.
References
|-
|-
1958 births
Living people
People educated at Wellington College, Berkshire
Alumni of Van Mildert College, Durham
Royal Navy vice admirals
Companions of the Order of the Bath
Deputy Lieutenants of Dorset
Governors of Monkton Combe School
Knights Commander of the Royal Victorian Order
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Royal Navy personnel of the Falklands War
Royal Navy personnel of the War in Afghanistan (2001–2021)
Naval War College alumni
Masters of the Household
Cherokee County is located in the US state of Georgia. As of 2019 estimates, the population was 258,773. The county seat is Canton. The county Board of Commissioners is the governing body, with members elected to office. Cherokee County is included in the Georgia Metropolitan Area.
History
Original territory
Originally, Cherokee County was more like a territory than a county, covering lands northwest of the Chattahoochee River and Chestatee River except for Carroll County. This county was created December 26, 1831, by the state legislature. It was named after the Cherokee people who lived in the area at that time. Several other counties were carved out of these Cherokee lands as part of the Cherokee Land Lottery of 1832.
An act of the Georgia General Assembly passed on December 3 of that year created the counties of Forsyth, Lumpkin, Union, Cobb, Gilmer, Murray, Cass (now Bartow), Floyd, and Paulding. The forcible removal of the Cherokee people, leading up to the notorious Trail of Tears to Indian Territory west of the Mississippi River, began a year prior. The push by European Americans to expel the Cherokee was accelerated by the discovery of gold in local streams.
County courts were authorized to meet at the home of Ambrose Harnage. The settlement soon became known as Harnageville when Cherokee County was first established. Since 1880, that town has been renamed to Tate and is located in Pickens County.
Etowah was declared the county seat in 1833. Its name was later changed to Canton, which is still the county seat today.
Remaining county
In 1857, part of the southeastern corner of the county was ceded by the General Assembly to form Milton County (now the city of Milton in the county of Fulton). In the 1890s, The Atlanta & Knoxville Railroad (later renamed the Marietta & North Georgia Railroad when it could not be completed to Knoxville) built a branch line through the middle of the county. When this line was bought by the Louisville & Nashville Railroad the following decade, the L&N Railroad built stations at Woodstock and other towns.
Development
It is bisected by Interstate 575, which runs from Marietta north through Woodstock, Lebanon, Holly Springs, Canton, and Ball Ground. Interstate 575 is currently undergoing expansion in Cherokee County.
The Georgia Northeastern Railroad operates freight service on the former L&N tracks, roughly parallel to this route. Population growth has followed the same general pattern, as well, with new suburbs in the south following the highway toward exurbs further north.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which are land and (2.9%) are covered by water. Much of the water is in Lake Allatoona in the southwest. The lake is fed by the Etowah and Little Rivers (the county's primary waterways), and other large streams such as Noonday Creek. Much of the northern part of the county begins to rise toward the foothills.
The vast majority of Cherokee County is located in the [Etowah River] subbasin of the Coosa-Tallapoosa River Basin, with only a small northwesterly corner of the county located in the Coosawattee River subbasin of the same basin.
Mountains
Nine summits are listed by the United States Geological Survey Geographic Names Information System as being in the county. From tallest to lowest, they are:
Bear Mountain –
Pine Log Mountain –
Oakey Mountain –
Dry Pond Mountain –
Hickory Log Mountain –
Polecat Mountain –
Byrd Mountain –
Garland Mountain –
Posey Mountain –
Adjacent counties
Pickens – north
Dawson – northeast
Forsyth – east
Fulton – southeast
Cobb – south
Bartow – west
Gordon – northwest
Government, politics, and policing
Government
The five-member board of commissioners is elected from four districts, with an at-large county commission chair. Thus, members are elected as residents of geographic districts, but the commission chair must receive the majority vote of the county in total. Each is elected to a four-year term.
Cherokee County sheriff and municipal police
The county is under the jurisdiction of the Cherokee County Sheriff's Office, which is headed by Sheriff Frank Reynolds. The Cherokee County Sheriff's office is triple crown accredited by CALEA, ACA, and NCCHC. The major cities within the county have individual municipal police departments, such as Woodstock, Canton, Holly Springs, and Ball Ground.
Politics
As of 2021, all state, county, and municipal elected officials representing Cherokee County are members of the Republican Party (with the exception of officials who hold officially non-partisan offices).
Cherokee County had voting patterns similar to most Solid South and Georgia counties prior to 1964 in presidential elections, though Democratic Party candidates did not win by as wide margins as they did in the rest of the state and the Deep South. In fact, the county backed Republican candidates four times between 1900 and 1960. From 1964 on, the county has swung strongly toward the Republicans, only failing to vote for the Republican in presidential elections since then in 1968 when segregationist George Wallace appealed to anti-Civil Rights Act sentiment and in the two elections Georgian Jimmy Carter was on the ballot. In addition, unlike the inner suburban counties of the Atlanta metropolitan area, Cherokee County has continued to vote for Republicans by landslide margins, although the margins have decreased slightly in the most recent elections with the growth of the metropolitan area. In the Presidential election of 2020, the majority of votes from all of the 42 county election precincts were cast for incumbent President Donald Trump.
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 266,620 people, 93,441 households, and 69,257 families residing in the county.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, 214,346 people, 75,936 households, and 57,876 families were living in the county. The population density was . The 82,360 housing units averaged . The racial makeup of the county was 86.6% White, 5.65% Black or African American, 1.65% Asian, 0.4% American Indian, 0.1% Pacific Islander, 3.6% from other races, and 2.1% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin of any race made up 9.6% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 16.2% were Irish, 16.1% were German, 14.1% were English, 10.7% were American, and 5.7% were Italian.
Of the 75,936 households, 41.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.9% were married couples living together, 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 23.8% were not families, and 18.8% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.80 and the average family size was 3.20. The median age was 36.3 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $66,320 and for a family was $77,190. Males had a median income of $53,773 versus $40,153 for females. The per capita income for the county was $30,217. About 5.5% of families and 7.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 8.4% of those under age 18 and 7.7% of those age 65 or over.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, 141,903 people, 49,495 households, and 39,200 families resided in the county. The population density was .
Of the 49,495 households, 41.40% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.20% were married couples living together, 8.30% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.80% were not families. About 16.00% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.85 and the average family size was 3.18.
In the county, the population was distributed as 28.30% under the age of 18, 7.70% from 18 to 24, 35.80% from 25 to 44, 21.70% from 45 to 64, and 6.60% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.70 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.90 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $60,896, and for a family was $66,419. Males had a median income of $44,374 versus $31,036 for females. The per capita income for the county was $24,871. About 3.50% of families and 5.30% of the population were below the poverty line, including 5.50% of those under age 18 and 9.80% of those age 65 or over.
Education
Public schools
Cherokee County School District (40 Schools)
Cherokee Charter Academy (CSUSA)
Private schools
Private schools in Cherokee County include:
Lyndon Academy (Woodstock)
Cherokee Christian Schools (Woodstock)
Cherokee Christian Academy (Woodstock)
Community Christian School (Canton)
Crossroads Christian School (Canton)
Omega Learning Academy (Woodstock)
The King's Academy (Woodstock)
Higher education
Reinhardt University is a private, co-educational liberal arts college located in Waleska, Georgia.
Chattahoochee Technical College has campuses in Woodstock and Canton in Cherokee County.
Transportation
Major highways
Interstate 75
Interstate 575
State Route 5
State Route 5 Business (Canton)
State Route 5 Business (Ball Ground)
State Route 20
State Route 92
State Route 108
State Route 140
State Route 369
State Route 372
State Route 401 (unsigned designation for I-75)
State Route 417 (unsigned designation for I-575)
Airport
The Cherokee County Airport (FAA LOC ID: CNI) is located adjacent to I-575 about six miles (10 km) northeast of downtown Canton.
A redevelopment project recently completed a terminal, the lengthening of the runway from , a new parallel taxiway, instrument landing equipment, and new hangars. The new facilities will accommodate 200 corporate aircraft in hangars and provide 100 tie-downs for smaller aircraft.
Public transportation
The Cherokee Area Transit Service serves all of the Cherokee County area, rural and suburban.
Pedestrians and cycling
Noonday Creek Trail
Serenade Trail
Trestle Rock Trail
Communities
Cities
Ball Ground
Canton (county seat)
Holly Springs
Mountain Park
Nelson
Waleska
Woodstock
Unincorporated communities
Batesville
Buffington
Free Home
Gold Ridge
Hickory Flat
Keithsburg
Lake Arrowhead
Lebanon
Toonigh (neighborhood of Holly Springs)
Macedonia
Mica
Oak Grove
Orange
Salacoa
Sixes
Sutallee
Towne Lake
Univeter
Victoria
Notable residents
Joseph E. Brown was elected governor of Georgia in 1857 and later served as U.S. Senator from Georgia. Brown's primary residence and law practice were in Canton, and he owned a farm believed to be near the Sutallee community.
Ira Roe Foster was Quartermaster General of Georgia, a brigadier general in the Georgia Militia (1845), attorney, medical doctor, Cherokee County State Representative, first mayor of Eastman, Georgia, and Alabama state senator.
Josh Holloway, actor and model, is most famous for his role as James "Sawyer" Ford on Lost. He attended Free Home Elementary in Free Home and Cherokee High School in Canton.
Johnny Hunt was president of the Southern Baptist Convention in 2008–2010.
Chris Kirk, a PGA Tour golfer, attended Etowah High School.
Nick Markakis, MLB outfielder for the Atlanta Braves, attended Woodstock High School.
Bruce Miller, NFL fullback, formerly played for the San Francisco 49ers, attended Woodstock High School.
Robert Rechsteiner, better known as Rick Steiner, ex-professional wrestler, is now a part of the school board for the county. He also sells homes in the county as a real estate agent.
Blair Redford, an actor best known for his roles as Scotty Grainger on The Young and the Restless and Miguel Lopez-Fitzgerald on Passions, grew up in Canton.
Dean Rusk, U.S. Secretary of State, was born in Cherokee County. Dean Rusk Middle School was named after him.
Buster Skrine, NFL cornerback for the New York Jets, attended Etowah High School.
Drew Waters, professional baseball player for the Atlanta Braves, attended Etowah High School.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Cherokee County, Georgia
References
External links
Cherokee County government
Cherokee County School District
Cherokee County Airport – FAA Airport Master Record
Cherokee County historical marker
Local newspapers
TheCherokeeConnection.com – Cherokee County Ga News, Events, & Community Publication
The Cherokee Ledger-News
HomeTownCherokee.com – Cherokee's Online News & Community Publication
Cherokee Tribune
Cherokee Today
1831 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1831
Georgia placenames of Native American origin
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
Cherokee
Counties of Appalachia
Ronald Williams (born May 19, 1972) was a star Canadian Football League running back who played seven seasons for four teams. Williams finished his career with 6110 yards rushing. He was named to the CFL Eastern Division All Star team in 1998. He won the 1999 Grey Cup with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats. Williams was a stand out player at Ninety Six High School and Clemson University both in South Carolina. He was awarded the ACC Rookie of the Year award in 1990. He turned pro and nominated for the NFL draft in 1992, but was not selected.
References
1972 births
Living people
American football running backs
American players of Canadian football
BC Lions players
Canadian football running backs
Clemson Tigers football players
Edmonton Elks players
Hamilton Tiger-Cats players
Sportspeople from Marietta, Georgia
Rhein Fire players
Winnipeg Blue Bombers players
Players of American football from Marietta, Georgia
The Jakarta Stock Exchange bombing was a terrorist attack on the Jakarta Stock Exchange on 14 September 2000.
A car bomb exploded in the basement of the building, triggering a chain of explosions in which a number of cars caught fire. Most of the dead were drivers waiting by their employer's cars. Many had taken cover in their vehicles but suffocated as billowing black smoke engulfed the basement levels. The bombing suspended trading for two days after the attack and also resulted in a sudden, brief devaluation of the Indonesian rupiah.
Investigation
In August 2001 an Indonesian court sentenced two men to 20-year jail terms for masterminding the attack. The two men were members of the notorious Indonesian special forces unit, Kopassus. Prosecutors had demanded the death penalty for Teuku Ismuhadi Jafar and life imprisonment for his accomplice, Nuryadin, who escaped detention in July 2001 but was sentenced by the South Jakarta Court in absentia.
The court declined the death sentence for Jafar, saying that while he had ordered the blast he did not actively participate at the scene of the crime in downtown Jakarta.
References
2000 murders in Indonesia
Stock Exchange bombing
Car and truck bombings in Indonesia
Explosions in 2000
Improvised explosive device bombings in Indonesia
Indonesia Stock Exchange
Mass murder in 2000
Stock Exchange bombing
September 2000 crimes
September 2000 events in Asia
Terrorist incidents in Indonesia in 2000
Stock Exchange bombing
2000s in Jakarta
Building bombings in Indonesia
Callimetopus danilevskyi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Barševskis in 2015. It is known from the Philippines.
References
Callimetopus
Beetles described in 2015
Prathidhawani is a 1971 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by Vipin Das and produced by Upasana. The film stars Raghavan, Radhamani, Rani Chandra and Syamkumar. The film's score was composed by M. L. Srikanth.
Cast
Raghavan
Radhamani
Rani Chandra
Syamkumar
Usha Saraswathi
Usharani
Vasu Pradeep
References
External links
1971 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
François XIII, duke of La Rochefoucauld (8 September 1765, Paris - 3 September 1848) was the heir and eldest son of François Alexandre Frédéric, duc de la Rochefoucauld-Liancourt. On 24 September 1793 he married Marie-Françoise de Tott (1770–1854) at The Hague. Their daughter, Fanny, was one of the mistresses of Anatoly Nikolaievich Demidov, 1st Prince of San Donato, and bore him an illegitimate child.
Among his works are Mélanges sur l'Angleterre (a travel memoir) and Souvenirs du 10 Aoȗt 1792 et de l'Armée de Bourbon. The former has twice been translated into English: first in 1933 as A Frenchman in England, 1784 (translated by S.C. Roberts); and subsequently as A Frenchman's Year in Suffolk, 1784 (translated by Norman Scarfe).
1765 births
1848 deaths
Dukes of La Rochefoucauld
Emily Huws (born 3 March 1942) is a Welsh language children's author. She is a recipient of the Mary Vaughan Jones Award.
Biography
Huws was born in Tyddyn Llwyni, Caeathro, Caernarfon, where she still lives today. Huws was educated at Ysgol Gynradd Waunfawr, Caernarfon Grammar School and Bangor University.
As well as writing original works, Huws also produces adaptations. One of her latest adaptations into Welsh includes Y Bachgen Mewn Pyjamas, published by Gwasg Carreg Gwalch in September 2009, which is an adaptation of John Boynes The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas.
Work
Children's books
Cyfres Corryn: Chwannen, March 1990, (Gwasg Gomer)
Wmffra, 1992, (Gwasg Gomer)
Tisio Tshipsan?, 1993, (Gwasg Gomer)
Mot, January 1995, (Gwasg Gomer)
Cyfres Cled: Sgin Ti Drons?, October 1995, (Gwasg Gomer)
Llyfrau Darllen CBAC Cyfnod Allweddol 2 Ail Iaith (Lefelau 3/4): Busnesa, July 1998, (Uned Iaith/Cyd-Bwyllgor Addysg Cymru)
Llyfrau Darllen CBAC Cyfnod Allweddol 2 Ail Iaith (Lefelau 3/4): Sosej i Carlo, July 1998, (Uned Iaith/Cyd-Bwyllgor Addysg Cymru)
Llyfrau Darllen CBAC Cyfnod Allweddol 2 Ail Iaith (Lefelau 3/4): Symud Mynydd, July 1998, (Uned Iaith/Cyd-Bwyllgor Addysg Cymru)
Anifeiliaid Aaron: 2. Carla, September 2001, (Gwasg Gomer)
Anifeiliaid Aaron: 3. Jini Jinjila, September 2001, (Gwasg Gomer)
Cyfres Corryn: Tostyn, November 2002, (Gwasg Gomer)
Cyfres Blodyn Haf: 1 Eco, November 2004, (Cymdeithas Lyfrau Ceredigion)
Nid fy May i, April 2005, (Cymdeithas Lyfrau Ceredigion)
Ned, May 2005, (Gwasg Carreg Gwalch)
Cyfres Blodyn Haf: 2 Carreg Ateb, June 2005, (Cymdeithas Lyfrau Ceredigion)
Cyfres Hwyl Gŵyl: Dathlu Calan Gaeaf (Myrddin ap Dafydd, Emily Huws, Gordon Jones, Siân Lewis, Gwyn Morgan), September 2005, (Gwasg Carreg Gwalch)
Cyfres Blodyn Haf: 3 Babi Gwyrdd, April 2006, (Cymdeithas Lyfrau Ceredigion)
Lol neu Lwc?, November 2006, (Gwasg Gwynedd)
Hogan Mam, Babi Jam, November 2007, (Cymdeithas Lyfrau Ceredigion)
Bownsio, October 2008, (Cymdeithas Lyfrau Ceredigion)
Dim Problem, December 2009 (Canolfan Astudiaethau Addysg)
Cassettes
Casetiau Cbac Cyfnod Allweddol 2 Ail Iaith (Lefelau 3/4): Ysbryd yn yr Ardd, December 1998, (Uned Iaith/Cyd-Bwyllgor Addysg Cymru)
Casetiau CBAC Cyfnod Allweddol 2 Ail Iaith (Lefelau 3/4): Babi Tŷ Ni, December 1998, (Uned Iaith/Cyd-Bwyllgor Addysg Cymru)
Casetiau CBAC Cyfnod Allweddol 2 Ail Iaith (Lefelau 3/4): Sosej i Carlo, December 1998, (Uned Iaith/Cyd-Bwyllgor Addysg Cymru)
Casetiau CBAC Cyfnod Allweddol 2 Ail Iaith (Lefelau 3/4): Busnesa, December 1998, (Uned Iaith/Cyd-Bwyllgor Addysg Cymru)
Casetiau Cbac Cyfnod Allweddol 2 Ail Iaith (Lefelau 3/4): Symud Mynydd, December 1998, (Uned Iaith/Cyd-Bwyllgor Addysg Cymru)
Awards and honours
Mary Vaughan Jones Award 1988
Tir na n-Og Award 1992 Wmffra
Tir na n-Og Award 1993 Tisio Tshipsan?
Tir na n-Og Award 2005 Eco.
Tir na n-Og Award 2006 Carreg Ateb.
The cover of Hogan Mam, Babi Jam won an award for her publisher, Cymdeithas Lyfrau Ceredigion at the Wales Publishing Trade Awards 2007 - Best Christmas Cover Design
Tir na n-Og Award 2009 Bownsio.
References
External links
Welsh Books Council Meet an Author sheet (Welsh)
1942 births
20th-century Welsh writers
21st-century Welsh writers
20th-century Welsh women writers
21st-century Welsh women writers
Welsh children's writers
Living people
British women children's writers
People from Caernarfon
Alumni of Bangor University
Welsh-language writers
Greg Pearce is a footballer who played in The Football League for Chesterfield. He made 19 league appearances for the Spireites
References
English footballers
Chesterfield F.C. players
English Football League players
1980 births
Living people
Footballers from Bolton
Association football defenders
Konstantin Alexeyevich Bezmaternikh (, born 22 March 1988) is a Russian pair skater. With former partner Ksenia Krasilnikova, he is the 2008 World Junior champion.
Career
Bezmaternikh teamed up with Ksenia Krasilnikova in 2003. The pair was coached by Valeri Tiukov and Valentina Tiukova in poor conditions in Perm. Although they placed second on the day, they were later awarded the 2007-08 Junior Grand Prix Final title following the retroactive disqualification of Vera Bazarova / Yuri Larionov due to a positive doping sample from Larionov.
Krasilnikova/Bezmaternikh withdrew from the 2009 Nebelhorn Trophy after the short program – he injured ligaments in his right hand. Krasilnikova decided to retire from competitive skating after the 2009–10 season due to a persistent back injury.
Bezmaternikh moved to Saint Petersburg and began training in Tamara Moskvina and Artur Dmitriev's group. In 2010, he teamed up with Sabina Imaikina and finished 10th at the 2011 Russian Nationals. In February 2011, they announced their split. Moskvina paired him with Oksana Nagalaty later that month. Nagalaty and Bezmaternikh parted ways at the end of the 2011–12 season. He then skated with Ekaterina Petaikina for one season.
Programs
With Nagalaty
With Krasilnikova
Competitive highlights
With Petaikina
With Nagalatiy
With Imaikina
With Krasilnikova
References
External links
Russian male pair skaters
1988 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Perm, Russia
World Junior Figure Skating Championships medalists
Competitors at the 2009 Winter Universiade
Competitors at the 2011 Winter Universiade
Conrad Albrizio (1894-1973) was an American muralist. Born in New York City, he was trained in France and Italy. He taught at Louisiana State University from 1936 to 1953, and he painted many murals in Louisiana.
Further reading
References
1894 births
1973 deaths
American muralists
Artists from New Orleans
Artists from New York City
Louisiana State University faculty
20th-century American painters
American expatriates in France
American expatriates in Italy
One human poll comprised the 1942 National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) football rankings. Unlike most sports, college football's governing body, the NCAA, does not bestow a national championship, instead that title is bestowed by one or more different polling agencies. There are two main weekly polls that begin in the preseason—the AP Poll and the Coaches' Poll. The Coaches' Poll began operation in 1950; in addition, the AP Poll did not begin conducting preseason polls until that same year.
Legend
AP Poll
The final AP Poll was released on November 30, at the end of the 1942 regular season, weeks before the major bowls. The AP would not release a post-bowl season final poll regularly until 1968.
AP Service Poll
On December 2, a special panel of 91 sportswriters for the Associated Press released a ranking of the US service academy football teams, as they had not been permitted in the regular 1942 AP poll (this practice would be reversed in 1943). The Great Lakes Naval Training Station football team was awarded service champion, garnering the most overall (812) and 1st place votes (50) in the special poll. The ranking system was ten points to the first place team, nine for 2nd place, and so on, with the sportswriters ranking their top ten. Teams that did not finish in the overall top ten but still received individual votes were also added to the final standings.
In parenthesis is the number of 1st place votes
References
College football rankings
Isaiah Johnston (born 16 December 2001) is a Canadian professional soccer player who plays as a midfielder for York United.
Early life
Johnston was born in Mississauga, Ontario, before moving to Georgetown in Halton Hills when he was one year old. There, he began playing soccer at age six for Georgetown SC. At age thirteen, he and his family moved to Milton.
Club career
Woodbridge Strikers
In 2017, Johnston played for League1 Ontario side Woodbridge Strikers, scoring one goal in five appearances. In 2018, he made seven league appearances for Woodbridge and three in the playoffs. In 2019, Johnston made twelve appearances, scoring one goal.
In fall 2019, Johnston began attending Cape Breton University, where he made eight appearances and scored one goal for the varsity team.
York United
On 6 July 2020, Johnston signed a multi-year contract with Canadian Premier League side York9 (later renamed York United). Despite being drafted by York9 in the 2019 CPL–U Sports Draft, he elected to sign a full-time contract with the club instead of returning to university. He made his debut on August 19 against Pacific FC. Johnston scored his first goal for York on July 24, 2021 against FC Edmonton. 2021 was a breakout season for Johnston, as he became a regular starter, and was ranked the 27th best player in the Canadian Premier League at the end of the season. In November 2021, York announced they had signed Johnston to a contract extension, lasting until 2024.
Career statistics
References
External links
2001 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
Canadian soccer players
Soccer players from Mississauga
Cape Breton Capers soccer players
York United FC draft picks
York United FC players
League1 Ontario players
Canadian Premier League players
Black Canadian soccer players
Woodbridge Strikers players
The Harvest is the third full-length studio album by American Roots Reggae band Tribal Seeds. The album was released in 2009 and debuted at number five on the Billboard reggae charts.
Track listing
All songs written by Steven Rene Jacobo and Tony-Ray Jacobo.
Credits
Performers
Steven Rene Jacobo – Lead Vocals/Guitar
Tony-Ray Jacobo – Keys/Percussions
John Wegener – Bass (Vocals on Vampire and Come Around)
Tony Navarro – Guitar (Vocals on Libertad)
Carlos Verdugo – Drums
Additional Credits
Recording and Mixing – Alan Sanderson
Mastering – Erik Lobson
References
2009 albums
Michael Ekwoyi Apochi (born 1960 in Ichama) is a Nigerian prelate of the Catholic Church who served as bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Otukpo. He was appointed bishop in 2002.
See also
Catholic Church in Nigeria
List of Catholic dioceses in Nigeria
References
Nigerian Roman Catholic bishops
1960 births
Living people
Date of birth missing (living people)
Yarrabin (formerly known as Merrendee) is a ghost town near the junction of the Meroo and Cudgegong rivers in the New South Wales Orana Region. The village of Merrendee was established after the discovery of gold in that area around 1851 and was located approximately 23 miles west of Mudgee. The locality was renamed Yarrabin by postal authorities in 1923.
History
Gold was discovered by European settlers at Merrendee in approximately August 1851. By August 1857 a correspondent for The Sydney Morning Herald described how "bark and comfortable slab huts [had taken] the place of calico tents, and a little village [had] sprung up". This early account of Merrendee describes the village as being made up of "an excellent building ... being erected for a public house, and Mr. F. B. Gulley's new store, a neat pine building with verandah, fitted out quite in the Sydney style ... [as well as] ... a very neat and substantial slab store".
The first General Publicans' License in Merrendee was issued for "the house situated at Merindee [sic], in the district of Avisford, to be known as the Cricketers Arms". The license was granted to Joseph Cox and transferred to a Mr. Jones in May 1863. Other licensed establishments in the town included Richard Knight's "Merrendee Inn" (c1858) and Robert Forbes Milne's "Royal George Inn" (c1858). By 1904 the only public house in the town was Herbert Francis McGrath's "Merrendee Hotel". McGrath conducted the hotel from July 1904 until its closure in 1923 "as a result of the decree of [the] Licenses Reduction Board". The Australian tennis champion Vivian McGrath, son of Herbert and Florence McGrath, was born at the "Merrendee Hotel" in 1916.
A post office was established at Merrendee in July 1859.
By 1908 the Mudgee Guardian reported that "Merrendee of to-day, with its paucity of population, its deserted appearance, abandoned shafts, grassless paddocks, its monotony and general activity, presents a striking contrast to the Merrendee of about fifty years ago". By 1927 there were only 12 pupils enrolled at the Merrendee Provisional School "and as a rule an average daily attendance of 9 pupils and over". The school was first referred to as Yarrabin Public School in 1925.
A church operated in Yarrabin until at least 1947.
References
Towns in New South Wales
Ghost towns in New South Wales
Mining towns in New South Wales
Pandora's PlayHouse is the twelfth studio album by Sananda Maitreya (formerly Terence Trent D'Arby), released on March 15, 2021. A double album with 28 tracks, it was released on CD and as a digital download from his website. A single, "The Madhouse", was released as a download and streaming, ahead of the album. It also contains a tribute to his idol Prince. Speaking to The Times, he said, "we definitely saw a lot of ourselves in each other." Maitreya wrote all the songs and played every instrument on every track, with the exception of three collaborations, the cover "Time Is on My Side" with Irene Grandi, "Reflecting Light" with The Avalanches and Vashti Bunyan, and "Pandora's Plight" with Antonio Faraò.
Track listing
All songs written by Sananda Maitreya except where indicated.
Volume One
"Pandora's Plight" - 2:09
"Time Is on My Side" (Norman Meade, Jimmy Norman) - 2:55
"Don't Break My Balls" - 3:03
"Mama's Boy Blues" - 4:22
"The Ballad Of Rod Steiger" - 6:26
"Don't Leave Me Here!" - 4:33
"Yuki Suzuki" - 3:26
"Her Kiss" - 5:48
"The MadHouse" - 4:04
"Life's A Bitch" - 5:11
"The Kings Of Avalon" - 3:15
"Pie" - 6:06
"Mr. Skeleton" - 3:25
"GlassHouse" - 2:09
Volume Two
"Pandora's PlayHouse" - 4:27
"Reflecting Light" - 4:20
"The Queens Of Babylon" - 3:33
"Her Kiss – Acoustic " - 5:44
"A Cool Breeze" - 5:10
"One Horse Town" - 3:33
"If This Van Is Rocking" - 4:20
"Prometheus Rising" - 2:57
"In America" - 3:52
"The Ballad Of Smokey Robinson" - 4:06
"Casa di Vetro" - 2:33
"Excuse Me, But..." - 3:03
"Don't Break My Balls" - 2:55
"Prince!" - 3:18
Reception
The Scotsman noted the length of the album but also Maitreya's "ear for a pop hook on a handful of tracks which jump out from an otherwise overstuffed pack," and said his "raspy soul pipes remain in good shape."
Buzz called it "self-indulgent in the extreme" saying the better songs could have worked on a single album. MNPR called the understated performance of the acoustic version of "Her Kiss" an album highlight, and praised the funk rock of "MadHouse" but criticized the sometimes sloppy performances and the weakening of the album's concept as it went on - "It seems Maitreya's albums have often become victims of their own excessiveness."
References
External links
Sananda Maitreya website
2021 albums
Terence Trent D'Arby albums
'Rachel Jingco Alejandro (born February 18, 1974) is a Filipino singer and actress.
Biography
Early life
Alejandro's mother and father separated when she was four. Her mother then remarried and moved to the United States. Together with her father Hajji and his new partner, Rio Diaz, Alejandro and her sister Barni spent time in Manila and the US.
Her theater experience began with The Sound of Music at eight years of age, then Peter Pan at 15, Noli Me Tangere at 18, then Alikabok at 21, followed by Sino Ka Ba Jose Rizal, Larawan, Fire Water Woman, and more recently
Career
Rachel Alejandro first entered the world of showbiz at the age of 12, when she was a host on the popular TV show That's Entertainment. At 15 from Pangasinan Province, following her successful TV stint, Alejandro recorded her first album, Just a Minute, for Alpha Records. The album spawned several hit songs including the No. 1 single "Mr. Kupido", as well as "K.S.P. (Kulang Sa Pansin)" and "Kay Tagal". The album went gold and Alejandro's recording career then took off. Her second album, Watch Me Now, featured a revival of "Nakapagtataka", the signature song of her father, pop icon Hajji Alejandro.
Her powerful rendition of the song earned her the Awit Award for Best Performance by a Female Recording Artist and the Guillermo Mendoza Memorial Foundation Award for Best Female Singer/Entertainer. May Minamahal, which contained the award-winning single "Babalik-balikan", became Alejandro's first platinum album in 1992. That same year, her career got another boost when she competed at the Golden Stag International Song Festival in Brasov, Romania, winning the award for Best Interpretation of a Romanian Song. Her 1994 album, Sentimental, featured the multi-awarded song "Paalam Na" which Alejandro co-wrote with then-boyfriend Dingdong Avanzado.
In 1996, Alejandro celebrated her 10 years in showbiz by releasing an anniversary album and appearing in her first major concert, with guests Janno Gibbs, Ogie Alcasid and the Street Boys. As Alejandro said in an interview with Maryo B Labad, "In the past years, siguro halos lahat nasubukan ko na as far as the entertainment scene is concerned. And my efforts have paid off." Her album Tanging Pangarap, her first for Viva Records, was released in 2001. The carrier single was written by her longtime former boyfriend Lee Robin Salazar. It also contains the 2000 Metropop Song Festival winner "Forever and a Day" composed by Angelo Villegas. Recently, Alejandro released a self-produced album under a distribution agreement with Sony Music Philippines entitled Believe with original songs and cover songs from some of her stage musical projects.
Alejandro has also enjoyed success as an actress, appearing in films and theater productions. In 2001, she took the role of Mimi Marquez in a production of Rent that played in Manila and Singapore. A review from the Singapore Straits Times praised Alejandro's performance writing, "Alejandro's Mimi sounds even better than Broadway's Daphne Rubin-Vega. Her crystal clear voice is far stronger than the smokey whisper of Rubin-Vega". She starred in a run of the musical comedy Xanadu in 2010. In 2012, she starred in Atlantis Productions' Avenue Q which played at the Marina Bay Sands in Singapore. This was her fourth time doing the show as she had previously performed in several repeats of the musical in Manila. She appeared in an Atlantis Production of Aida as Amneris in June 2011 and in July 2013, she accepted the role of Justice in a repeat run of Rock of Ages in Manila.In 2017, she starred in the musical film Ang Larawan, which she also was the executive producer, marking her comeback in film for the first time in 21 years. Her last major movie before that was 1996's Mumbaki with Raymart Santiago and directed by Butch Perez for VIVA Films. She subsequently portrayed Aurora Quezon in the 2019 film Quezon's Game which garnered her several best actress awards.
On July 1, 2018, ASAP paid tribute to her and awarded her an ASAPinoy Plaque of recognition for her contributions to OPM. On that day she together with other performers such as Lyca Gairanod, Jona Soquite, and legendary singers Zsa Zsa Padilla, Martin Nievera, and her father Hajji Alejandro performed all her hit songs. Alejandro currently stars in the Philippine-Australian jukebox musical All Out of Love: The Musical, which is based on the songs of Air Supply.
On July 23, 2021, Alejandro became an artist for Star Magic and will star on her first teleserye called The Broken Marriage Vow.
Personal life
On April 9, 2011, Alejandro married Carlos Santa Maria. She is currently residing in Makati.
Discography
Filmography
Films
TelevisionThat's Entertainment (GMA Network)Saturday Entertainment (GMA Network)Shades (GMA Network) – (hosted by Randy Santiago)Lunch Date (GMA Network)Eat Bulaga! (RPN; ABS-CBN; GMA Network)GMA Supershow (GMA Network)Ryan Ryan Musikahan (ABS-CBN)The Sharon Cuneta Show (ABS-CBN)Sa Linggo nAPO Sila (ABS-CBN)ASAP Natin 'To (ABS-CBN)R.S.V.P. (GMA Network) Salo Salo Together (GMA Network) Katok Mga Misis (GMA Network) Music Bureau (TV5) 'Sang Linggo nAPO Sila (ABS-CBN)Maalaala Mo Kaya (ABS-CBN)Pinoy Dream Academy (ABS-CBN)Magpakailanman (GMA Network)The Ryzza Mae Show (GMA Network) Mars (GMA News TV 27)Real Talk (CNN Philippines)It's Showtime (Philippine TV program) (ABS-CBN)Family Feud (Philippine game show): That's Girls vs ASAP Sessionistas (ABS-CBN 2)Tonight With Boy Abunda (ABS-CBN 2)Magandang Buhay (ABS-CBN 2)Minute To Win It: Last Tandem Standing (ABS-CBN 2)I Can See Your Voice (ABS-CBN)Mars Pa More (GMA Network)The Broken Marriage Vow (Kapamilya Channel)
BooksSexy Chef Cookbook (December 4, 2013)Eat, Clean, Love (2015)21 Days to a Sexier You (2017)Ang Larawan: From Stage to Screen (2017)FHM (March 2018)Liwayway Magasin (February 19, 2018)Bannawag Magasin (May 7, 2018)Liwayway Magasin'' (June 10, 2019)
Awards
References
External links
Official Website
That's Entertainment (Philippine TV series)
Living people
That's Entertainment Wednesday Group Members
Filipino women pop singers
21st-century Filipino actresses
1974 births
21st-century Filipino singers
21st-century Filipino women singers
Pavel Pavlovich Muratov (), also known as Paul Muratov or Paul Muratoff ( – February 5, 1950), was a Russian essayist, novelist, art historian, critic and playwright.
Born in Bobrov in the Voronezh Oblast into the family of a military doctor, Muratov attended a Cadet Corps and graduated from the Petersburg State Transport University in 1903. He traveled abroad in 1905-06, after which he moved to Moscow and worked at the Rumyantsev Museum until 1914. He became friends with the writers Boris Zaytsev, Vladislav Khodasevich, and Nina Berberova (who called him "one of the most remarkable men I ever met"), as well as the artist Nikolai Ulyanov. From 1906 he began to publish in journals like Vesy, Zolotoe Runo, and Apollon. He collaborated with Igor Grabar on the latter's History of Russian Art, and in 1913-14 he helped publish the journal Sofia, dedicated to early Russian art.
He was a volunteer with the Field Artillery in the Russo-Japanese War. In the First World War he rejoined the artillery, and in 1914-15 was second in command of a field battery. Later he was on air defence and staff work with the Black Sea Fleet HQ at Sevastopol.
In 1921 he was arrested in connection with his work for Pomgol; the next year he left Russia never to return. At first he lived in Germany, but in 1923 he moved to Rome, where almost all the local Russian intelligentsia visited his Tuesday salons. In 1927 he moved to Paris, where he contributed to emigre journals and became an art expert for the gallery A la vieille Russie. In 1939 he emigrated to England, from 1940 living in London; in 1946 he moved to Whitechurch House, his friend WED Allen's estate in Ireland.
On October 5, 1950, he died of a heart attack at Whitechurch House and was buried at the local cemetery.
Clive James has called Muratov an example of "just how brilliant somebody can be and still be a forgotten man," and called his book Obrazy italii (Images of Italy) (in three volumes, published in 1911, 1912, and 1924) "one of the most dazzling books of its type ever written. As a book on the Italian Grand Tour it not only stands directly in the tradition of Goethe, Gregorovius, Burckhardt and Arthur Symons, but it is better than any of them."
Military works (as Paul Muratoff, with W. E. D. Allen)
The Russian Campaigns of 1941–1943 (1944, Penguin)
The Russian Campaigns of 1944–45 (1946, Penguin)
Caucasian Battlefields (1953)
Bibliography
.
References
External links
1881 births
1950 deaths
Novelists of the Russian Empire
Essayists of the Russian Empire
Russian art historians
Historians from the Russian Empire
Dramatists and playwrights of the Russian Empire
Russian military personnel of World War I
20th-century novelists
20th-century dramatists and playwrights
20th-century essayists
Khalil Taha (13 July 1932 – 27 July 2020) was a Lebanese wrestler.
At the 1951 Mediterranean Games in Alexandria Egypt, Taha won the silver medal in the 73 kg Greco-Roman wrestling.
At the 1952 Summer Olympics, he won the bronze medal in the men's Greco-Roman Welterweight category.
References
External links
Athlete profile at sports-reference.com
1932 births
Lebanese male sport wrestlers
Olympic wrestlers of Lebanon
Wrestlers at the 1952 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Lebanon
2020 deaths
Olympic medalists in wrestling
Medalists at the 1952 Summer Olympics
Mediterranean Games silver medalists for Egypt
Mediterranean Games medalists in wrestling
Wrestlers at the 1951 Mediterranean Games
Pyramid is a patience or solitaire game of the Simple Addition family, where the object is to get all the cards from the pyramid to the foundation.
The object of the game is to remove pairs of cards that add up to a total of 13, the equivalent of the highest valued card in the deck, from a pyramid arrangement of 28 cards. When using the standard 52-card deck, Jacks are valued at 11, Queens at 12, and Kings at 13. Under the strictest rules, the odds of winning are around 1 in 50.
Rules
To set up the pyramid, one card is dealt face up at the top of the playing area, then two cards beneath and partially covering it, then three beneath them, and so on completing with a row of seven cards for a total of 28 cards dealt (or six rows of 21 cards). The remaining cards are placed to the side face down, and make up the Stock.
To play, pairs of uncovered cards can be removed to the foundation if their values total 13. Thus, kings can be removed immediately to the foundation. In order to be removed, cards must not be covered, so when an Ace rests on a Queen, that Queen can not be removed. Discarded cards are removed from play and cannot be re-matched with other cards.
You may draw cards from the stock one at a time and match them with any exposed card. If no match is made, the drawn stock card is played into a waste pile. The top card of the waste pile can be matched at any time with the next card drawn from the stock, or any uncovered card in the pyramid. Once the stock is exhausted and/or no more pairs can be made, the game ends. (A variation, Par Pyramid, allows the waste to be turned over twice and dealt as a new stock.)
To score, count the number of remaining face up cards in the pyramid. A perfect score is therefore zero, where all cards have been matched into the Foundation.
To be considered won, all cards (cards from the pyramid and cards from the stock) must be moved to the foundation.
Variations
Given the popularity of Pyramid, many different variants exist which alter aspects of the game, including the following:
Relaxed Pyramid: To be considered won, only the cards from the pyramid must be moved to the foundation, so the game can be won with cards still left in the stock or waste.
Tut's Tomb (also called King Tut): Dealing three cards at a time from the stock, repeating until no matches can be made; placing all cards totalling 13 in a stack. The King of Spades is laid down first, and represents King Tutankhamen atop a pyramid.
Apophis: Using three waste piles instead of one.
Giza: In a version created by Michael Keller, after the pyramid is formed, the rest of the deck is dealt as three rows of eight cards (i.e. eight columns of three overlapping cards) with the exposed cards open to match the exposed cards from the pyramid or other exposed cards.
Triangle: The initial deal consists of an inverted pyramid.
Redeals may be allowed.
A reserve of seven (or six) cards is dealt below the pyramid. These cards can match each other exposed cards in the pyramid or from the stack.
Playing with a cell, filled either from the tableau or from the waste upcard.
Several variations allow a card on the pyramid to be removed in combination with a card covered by the first, so long as neither card is covered by a card not in the combo. For example, in the case of an exposed ace resting on a queen, the queen can be removed with the ace if no other cards are covering them, but if (for example) a jack is also on the queen, the queen cannot be removed. Other versions require that both cards be fully exposed to begin with.
When playing with a 48-card Spanish deck the highest valued cards are the Kings at 12, and thus pairs of exposed cards can be removed if their values total 12.
A variation of the game was released on the Microsoft Entertainment Pack 2 in 1991, under the name Tut's Tomb. It has also been added to Microsoft Solitaire Collection for Windows 8, Windows 10, Android, and iOS. When the game is played through Microsoft Solitaire Collection, the cards in the Stock are face-up rather than face-down.
See also
List of solitaires
Glossary of solitaire
References
Reserved builders
Single-deck patience card games
Microsoft Entertainment Pack
Mahamane El Hadji Traoré (born 31 August 1988) is a Malian professional footballer who last played for FK Žalgiris as a midfielder in the A Lyga. Internationally, he represents Mali.
Career
Traoré previously played for Cercle Olympique de Bamako.
He earned his first cap with Mali in June 2005. At the youth level he played in the 2005 African U-17 Championship, scoring two goals.
On 17 February 2017, Traoré signed with Lithuanian club Žalgiris of the A Lyga.
International goals
Scores and results list Mali's goal tally first, score column indicates score after each Traoré goal.
Honours
Mali
Africa Cup of Nations bronze: 2013
References
External links
Profile at Frenchleague.com
1988 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
Malian footballers
Malian expatriate footballers
Mali international footballers
Mali youth international footballers
2010 Africa Cup of Nations players
Expatriate footballers in France
Expatriate footballers in Lithuania
OGC Nice players
FC Metz players
FK Žalgiris players
Ligue 1 players
Ligue 2 players
A Lyga players
CO de Bamako players
Sportspeople from Bamako
Malian expatriate sportspeople in France
Malian expatriate sportspeople in Lithuania
2012 Africa Cup of Nations players
2013 Africa Cup of Nations players
21st-century Malian people
A CPU card is a printed circuit board (PCB) that contains the central processing unit (CPU) of a computer. CPU cards are specified by CPU clock frequency and bus type as well as other features and applications built into the card.
CPU cards include peripheral component interconnect (PCI) cards, modular PC Cards, Industry Standard Architecture (ISA) cards, PCI extensions for instrumentation (PXI) cards and embedded technology extended (ETX) cards. CPU cards are often used to expand the memory, speed, bandwidth or embedded applications of an existing computer system. PC cards are typically used to expand a system's embedded applications. PC cards include modules for audio and video applications, data communications and embedded storage. PXI cards are used for data acquisition and control systems, making them suitable for real-time measurement applications. ETX cards are used in industrial applications to augment a computer system's embedded applications. ETX cards contain all the functionality necessary to run the PC in a compact space.
CPU cards that are used to augment existing computer backplanes typically have ISA or PCI connectors and can be plugged into the backplane without any additional configuration. CPU cards for use in computer backplanes are typically half-sized. The CPU card contains the PC functionality and communicates with the other cards plugged into the backplane through a computer bus. CPU cards may also be called expansion cards or expansion boards, and offer a variety of embedded applications from modems and wireless networking to graphics and video controllers to RAID controllers.
External links
What Is a CPU Card? - wiseGEEK
CPU Cards and Modules Information - Engineering360
Central processing unit
Compatibility cards
Phillips County is a county located in the U.S. state of Colorado. As of the 2020 census, the population was 4,530. The county seat is Holyoke. The county was named in honor of R.O. Phillips, a secretary of the Lincoln Land Company, who organized several towns in Colorado.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.02%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Sedgwick County—north
Perkins County, Nebraska—northeast
Chase County, Nebraska—east
Yuma County—south
Logan County—west
Major Highways
U.S. Highway 6
U.S. Highway 385
State Highway 23
State Highway 59
Demographics
At the 2000 census there were 4,480 people, 1,781 households, and 1,239 families living in the county. The population density was 6 people per square mile (3/km2). There were 2,014 housing units at an average density of 3 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 93.04% White, 0.20% Black or African American, 0.29% Native American, 0.40% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 4.71% from other races, and 1.34% from two or more races. 11.76% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
Of the 1,781 households 32.90% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.20% were married couples living together, 5.60% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.40% were non-families. Of all households 27.50% were one person and 14.30% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 3.01.
The age distribution was 26.90% under the age of 18, 6.30% from 18 to 24, 25.30% from 25 to 44, 22.20% from 45 to 64, and 19.40% 65 or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 93.40 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.50 males.
The median household income was $32,177 and the median family income was $38,144. Males had a median income of $30,095 versus $18,682 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,394. About 8.80% of families and 11.60% of the population were below the poverty line, including 14.70% of those under age 18 and 7.20% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Like all the High Plains, Phillips County is overwhelmingly Republican. It has not been carried by a Democratic presidential nominee since Jimmy Carter in 1976, and Michael Dukakis in 1988 during a major drought has been the only Democrat since to receive over one-third of the county's ballots.
Communities
City
Holyoke
Towns
Haxtun
Paoli
Census-designated place
Amherst
See also
Outline of Colorado
Index of Colorado-related articles
National Register of Historic Places listings in Phillips County, Colorado
Notes
References
External links
Phillips County Economic Development Corporation website
Colorado County Evolution by Don Stanwyck
Colorado Historical Society
1889 establishments in Colorado
Colorado counties
Eastern Plains
Populated places established in 1889
Fenton is one of the six towns that amalgamated with Hanley, Tunstall, Burslem, Longton and Stoke-upon-Trent to form the county borough of Stoke-on-Trent in 1910, later raised to city status in 1925. Fenton is often referred to as "the Forgotten Town", because it was omitted by local author, Arnold Bennett, from many of his works based in the area, including one of his most famous novels, Anna of the Five Towns.
History
Etymology
The name Fenton means 'fen farm'.
Administration
Fenton started to become populated as a group of farms and private small-holdings were built there, alongside a lane running from the southern reaches of Hanley (by 1933 this lane was very busy and given the title of the A50).
Around the 1750s, the land was commonly known as Fenton Vivian, after Vivian of Standon and his heirs, its lords in the thirteenth century. By the 1850s, the area around Duke Street and China Street had become populated during the rapid development of the Potteries.
Potters settled in Fenton in large houses alongside their potbanks. Such houses include Great Fenton Hall, Fenton House (home of the Baker family), Heron Cottage and Grove House.
The two principal districts, Fenton Vivian and Fenton Culvert – each with their scattered communities, were brought together to make an urban district with its own board of guardians in 1894.
On 1 April 1910, the town was federated into the county borough of Stoke-on-Trent. By 1925, the area was granted city status.
Industry
Fenton has been the home to a number of potteries such as Coalport and Baker & Co, and its architectural heritage includes listed bottle ovens.
First World War
During the First World War Fenton was bombed by Zeppelin 'L 21'.
Geography
It is within easy reach of the A500, A34 and the A50, a short distance away from Longton, Hanley, Newcastle, and Stoke itself.
Suburbs
Although Fenton has large industrial plants, particularly from the pottery trade, it has always been considered more of a residential area.
Fenton includes Heron Cross, Mount Pleasant, Saxonfields, Pool Dole, Lane Delph and Fenpark.
Places of interest
Fenton Town Hall, which latterly served as the local magistrates' court, was commissioned by local pottery owner, William Meath Baker, at his own expense, to a design by Robert Scrivener and completed in 1888.
William Meath Baker was a very good friend of the great English composer, Sir Edward Elgar, who included him in his world-famous Enigma Variations (Variation IV).
Fenton Manor has a swimming pool, gym, and fitness centre, plus a 1,300-seater arena. Fenton Park has football pitches, pavilions, and a playground.
Economy
Fenton differs from the other Potteries towns in that it does not have a town centre. Instead, amenities and shops are spread over a sizeable area.
Notable people
Richard Bolton (1570?–1648) English lawyer, an important figure in the politics of Ireland
Sir Edward Bolton (1592–1659) English judge who served as Solicitor General for Ireland
Jeremiah Yates (1810–1852) active Chartist, imprisoned for one year for bringing workers out on strike during the 1842 Pottery Riots
James Wright (1819–1887) a notable New Zealand potter, born in Fenton
Mortimer Brown (1874–1966) English sculptor, his early work was based on religious and classical themes.
David Gordon Hines (1915–2000) chartered accountant and colonial administrator, developed farming co-operatives in Tanganyika
Ken Leese (born 1928) member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly.
Frank Bough (1933–2020) English television presenter.
Michael Bettaney (born 1950) MI5 officer, convicted of passing sensitive documents to the Soviet Embassy in London.
Paul Bown (born 1957) is an English TV actor.
Sport
Len Birks (1896–1975) footballer, over 250 club caps, including 101 for Port Vale F.C.
Billy Briscoe (1896–1994) footballer, 473 club caps, including over 300 for Port Vale F.C.
Jack Griffiths (1909–1975) footballer, 194 club caps for Wolves, Bolton Wanderers F.C. and Manchester United F.C.
Ronnie Allen (1929–2001) footballer, 638 club caps, mainly for Port Vale F.C. and WBA
Stan Steele (born 1937) former footballer, scored 97 goals in 370 league and cup games for Port Vale F.C.
Catherine Swinnerton (born 1958) former racing cyclist, competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles.
Ryan Shotton (born 1988) footballer, over 200 club caps, plays for Birmingham City F.C.
John Harvey (cyclist) (born 1884) Champion cyclist
In popular culture
In the Jorge Luis Borges short story The Garden of Forking Paths, Dr. Yu Tsun goes to a suburb of Fenton to meet Stephen Albert.
References
Town profile at The Sentinel
External links
Use interactive maps to find historic artefacts and photographs of old Fenton at exploringthepotteries.org.uk
Town profile at The Sentinel (local newspaper)
Areas of Stoke-on-Trent
Towns in Staffordshire
Japan House is a learning facility founded in 1976 by Shozo Sato. It is part of the College of Fine and Applied Arts, at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign.
The facility includes three tearooms, or Chashitsu, a tea garden (Roji) and Japanese rock garden. It currently conducts classes in Japanese tea ceremony, Japanese Aesthetics and Ikebana for university students and members of the community. An annual event at the house welcomes international students. In 2019 an expansion effort was under way.
History
Japanese artist Shozo Sato arrived at Krannert Center for the Performing Arts as an artist-in-residence in 1964, and began teaching tea ceremony. He struggled to find the right setting for the classes, sometimes even teaching them from his own home. Eventually, after several years, Morton Weir, then Vice Chancellor for Academic Affairs, now Chancellor Emeritus, heard of the rising popularity of these tea ceremonies. He arranged for Professor Sato to be able to use an old Victorian house on campus, at Lincoln Avenue and California (now the site of the Alice B. Campbell Alumni Center).
In the early 1990s Professor Sato retired, leaving the community, and the old Victorian was torn down for redevelopment. Professor Kimiko Gunji, a longtime teaching assistant of Professor Sato, approached her tea school in Japan, the Urasenke Foundation of Tea, and they agreed to donate two tearooms for a new Japan House. With that commitment in hand, Professor Gunji and then Associate Provost Roger Martin moved ahead, receiving commitments for $100,000 from the Japan Illini Club, the Commemorative Association for the Japan World Exposition and the Japan Foundation Center for Global Partnership.
The University had selected a site within the relatively new Arboretum for Japan House. Architect Jack Baker and the firm of Isaksen Glerum Architects PC designed the structure and construction began. Japanese master carpenter, Seiji Suzuki, then visited and installed three Japanese tearooms into the empty building. The new Japan House was dedicated on June 18, 1998.
Over the years, Japan House has been the site of many programs, events and visits, ranging from tea ceremonies, presentations and performances of traditional Japanese culture. Japan House has also worked with other units on campus, working to bring Japanese exhibitions and performances to Krannert Center for the Performing Arts, the Spurlock Museum, and Krannert Art Museum.
In 2012 Professor Jennifer Gunji-Ballsrud became the third director of Japan House, after the retirement of her mother, Kimiko Gunji. Not long afterwards, Professor Shozo Sato returned to the Champaign-Urbana community.
Japan House Events and Programs
Japan House is open to the public during events such as tea ceremony, Spring and Fall Open Houses with visiting artists, tea ceremonies and garden tours, and the annual Matsuri Japanese festival held in August. Workshops in various Japanese arts such as cooking, calligraphy, yukata dressing, etc.
Japan House University Classes
ARTJ 199: Special Topics in Japanese Aesthetic Practices (e.g. ikebana, shodo)
ARTJ 209: Chado, the Way of Tea
ARTJ 299: Seminar in Japanese Aesthetics (e.g. Anime thru Studio Ghibli, Queer manga)
ARTJ 301: Manga, the Art of Image and Word
ARTJ 302: Introduction to Japanese Animation
ARTJ 391: Independent Study in Japanese Aesthetics
ARTJ 397: Zen, Tea, and Power
ARTJ 398: Designing Everyday life in Modern Japan
ARTJ 399: Japan House Internship
Japan House Community Classes
Chado Urasenke Tankokai Urbana-Champaign Association
Illinois Prairie Chapter of the Ikenobo Ikebana Society of America
James and Lorene Bier Gardens at Japan House
The Japan House gardens were designed and created by James Bier. Mr. Bier continues to maintain the gardens along with a group of volunteers. The gardens are free and open to the public from dawn to dusk, although the walled tea garden is closed in icy weather.
See also
Nick Offerman
References
External links
Japan House
University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign
Japanese-American culture in Illinois
Japanese gardens in the United States
Buildings and structures in Champaign, Illinois
Tourist attractions in Champaign County, Illinois
Gardens in Illinois
The Magdeburger Startgerät (also known as the Magdeburg pilot rocket and 10-L for the 10 liters of liquid fuel it contains) is a missile that was intended to ensure the first manned rocket flight in history. Despite successful tests, the pilot flight originally planned for March 1933 never took place. After several delays, the project was finally stopped in 1934 when the National Socialists prohibited all private missile attempts (which also included the Magdeburg experiment).
The idea
The project was initiated in 1932 by Franz Mengering, a businessman from Magdeburg, a follower of the Hollow Earth concept. Mengering commissioned Rudolf Nebel to develop a manned rocket in order to reach the moon 5000 kilometersm away. Nebel, on the other hand, thought it was only realistic to develop a rocket that could carry a person for a distance of 1 kilometer and at a maximum altitude of 20 kilometers.
Development and testing
The development of the rocket began in August 1932 and was carried out by the team around Rudolf Nebel, consisting of Klaus Riedel, Hans Hüter, Kurt Heinisch, Hans Bermüller, Paul Ehmayr and Helmut Zoike. Hans Hüter was planned to act as a pilot. Tests on the ground took place until March 1933, and launch tests began in June 1933 - first in Mose, later on Tegeler See and Schwielowsee. The last documented test flight took place in September 1933
Cancellation
The activities of the Verein für Raumschiffahrt and at Raketenflugplatz Berlin-Reinickendorf were under strict surveillance from spring 1933, when the National Socialists came to power. At the end of 1933 the Gestapo confiscated all documents, and in June 1934 the organization and the rocket airfield were closed. Private rocket attempts were prohibited, and all activities were continued under the patronage of the German Wehrmacht in the Kummersdorf Army Research Center, and later in the Peenemünde Army Research Center.
References
Experimental rockets
Cancelled projects
1934 disestablishments in Germany
20th-century German aviation
Experimental missiles
1932 establishments in Germany
Research and development in Nazi Germany
Paul Joseph Wieland (born December 24, 1962) is an American businessman and politician from the state of Missouri. A member of the Republican Party, Wieland represents the 22nd District in the Missouri State Senate.
Early life
Wieland was raised in Jefferson County, Missouri. He graduated from St. Pius X High School in Festus, Missouri. Wieland worked in his family's auto parts business, and then opened his own small businesses.
Political career
During the Jefferson County, Missouri, General Municipal Election, Paul Wieland was a contender, and was elected to join the Jefferson County Health Center Board of Trustees April 3, 2007.
Missouri House of Representatives
On November 2, 2010, Paul Wieland was elected during the Jefferson County, Missouri, General Election for state representative for District 102. Wieland won as a Republican, defeating the Democratic candidate Jeff Roorda, as well as the Constitution Party candidate Richard Blowers.
On November 6, 2012, Paul Wieland was elected during the Jefferson County, Missouri, General Election running for state representative of District 112. Wieland, won as a Republican, defeating Democratic candidate Daniel E. James.
Missouri Senate
On November 4, 2014, Paul Wieland was elected during the Jefferson County, Missouri, General Election running for state senator for the twenty-second district. Wieland, won as a Republican, defeating Democratic candidate Jeff Roorda.
Opposition to contraception
In August 2013, Wieland and his wife filed a lawsuit against the United States Department of Health and Human Services, the Department of the Treasury, and the Department of Labor, saying that in applying for health insurance as a government employee, he was not given the chance to opt out of coverage for contraceptives and abortifacients because of a provision in the Affordable Care Act. He lost the case in District Court in October 2013, but appealed the decision to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit based on the Burwell v. Hobby Lobby decision by the United States Supreme Court. and in July 2016 won their appeal on the basis of the Religious Freedom Restoration Act.
In 2021, Wieland proposed legislation that would prohibit Medicaid coverage for certain forms of contraception which, in his view, would destroy fetal life..
Personal life
Wieland and his wife, Terri, live in Imperial, Missouri, and have three daughters. Paul and Terri own the Wieland Insurance Group. He is a devout Catholic.
References
External links
1962 births
Living people
Missouri Republicans
Members of the Missouri House of Representatives
People from Jefferson County, Missouri
Businesspeople from Missouri
21st-century American politicians
Catholics from Missouri
Kurt Østervig (1912–1986) was a Danish furniture designer.
Trained as a shipbuilder in Odense on the Danish island of Funen, Østervig's attachment to wood rather than steel led to his being employed as a furniture designer in E. Knudsen's Studio, among the largest of the times. In 1947, Østervig established his own studio, from where he worked with several of Scandinavia's largest furniture manufacturers. Particularly fond of working with oak, often combined with leather, he designed many special sets of furniture for ships, hotels, cinemas and nursing homes. His distinctive designs aroused widespread international interest, resulting in his work being exhibited in New York's Museum of Modern Art.
Among his more notable pieces from the 1950s are an elegant but simply styled daybed and a free-standing set of shelves with a bar.
See also
Danish modern
Danish design
References
Danish furniture designers
1912 births
1986 deaths
People from Odense
Danish modern
Riffelberg is a railway station on the Gornergrat railway, a rack railway which links the resort of Zermatt with the summit of the Gornergrat. The station is situated west of the Gornergrat, in the Swiss municipality of Zermatt and canton of Valais, at an altitude of above mean sea level. It is the third highest station on the line and, considering only open-air railway stations, the third highest in Switzerland and Europe as well.
The Hotel Riffelberg is located at the station.
See also
List of the highest railway stations in Switzerland
References
External links
Railway stations in the canton of Valais
Gornergrat Railway stations
Atlanta from the Ashes, more commonly known as The Phoenix, is a bronze monument located in Atlanta, Georgia, United States, symbolizing Atlanta's rise from the ashes of the Civil War to become a world city. The sculpture, dedicated in 1969, depicts a woman being lifted from flames by a phoenix, in reference to the phoenix of Greco-Roman mythology that was consumed by fire and rose from the ashes, just as Atlanta rose from the ashes after the city's infrastructure was burned by William T. Sherman's Union Army during the Civil War. The female figure has long hair and is seen nude above the waist, looking upward. In her raised arms she holds the legs of a gilded phoenix. The sculpture is mounted on a rectangular base. The monument is located in Woodruff Park, located in Downtown Atlanta.
The monument was a gift of the Rich Foundation in commemoration of the 100th anniversary of Rich's Department store. The sculpture was designed by James Siegler, of Houston, Texas, but it was both sculpted and fabricated in Italy, by Gamba Quirino, and Feruccia Vezzoni, respectively. The monument was originally located on a viaduct adjacent to the first Rich's Department store on Martin Luther King Jr. Drive at Spring Street from 1969 to 1995. In 1995, the sculpture was restored and moved to its current location in Woodruff Park.
Since its creation, the sculpture has become an iconic symbol of Atlanta's rise from out of the ashes and destruction of the Civil War to become one of the most important international cities.
References
External links
The Atlanta Public Arts Legacy Fund
1969 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
1969 sculptures
Bronze sculptures in Georgia (U.S. state)
Outdoor sculptures in Georgia (U.S. state)
Statues in Atlanta
Phoenixes in popular culture
Sculptures of birds in the United States
Leonid Vitalievich Nevedomsky (; 13 October 1939 – 3 June 2018) was a Soviet and Russian actor. He appeared in more than 60 films and television shows between 1966 and 2007.
Biography
Leonid Nevedomsky was born on 13 October 1939 in Vitebsk in the family of physicians Vitaly Iosifovich and Maria Markovna. Named after the beloved singer of his father Leonid Utyosov. The elder brother Leomark Vitalevich Nevyadomsky, soviet coach in handball.
Selected filmography
Monologue (1972)
Privalov's Millions (1972)
Stepmom (1973)
The Blue Bird (1976)
Trust (1976)
Khanuma (1978)
Semyon Dezhnev (1983)
Empire under Attack (2000)
Deadly Force (2001)
Streets of Broken Lights (2002)
Bandit Petersburg (2003)
Nevedomsky about actors profession
I really need my hero to love — homeland, homeland, daughter, wife, brother, woman, just a man — forgive me, for Christ's sake, for such words. He must love and suffer.
References
External links
1939 births
2018 deaths
Russian male film actors
Soviet male film actors
Russian male stage actors
Soviet male stage actors
Russian male television actors
Russian people of Belarusian descent
People from Vitebsk
Recipients of the Medal of the Order "For Merit to the Fatherland" II class
Recipients of the Medal of Pushkin
People's Artists of Russia
Honored Artists of the RSFSR
Communist Party of the Soviet Union members
Russian State Institute of Performing Arts alumni
The Sangihe white-eye (Zosterops nehrkorni) is a species of bird in the white-eye family. It is endemic to Sangihe, Indonesia.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
It was formerly considered conspecific with black-crowned white-eye (Zosterops atrifrons), but work by Pamela C. Rasmussen and her colleagues showed that it is a separate species. The same research also confirmed the specific status of the Seram white-eye, Zosterops stalkeri.
References
P. C. Rasmussen, J. C. Wardill, F. R. Lambert and J. Riley On the specific status of the Sangihe White-eye Zosterops nehrkorni, and the taxonomy of the Black-crowned White-eye Z. atrifrons complex: Forktail 16 (2000): 69-80
External links
Species factsheet - BirdLife International
Sangihe white-eye
Birds of the Sangihe Islands
Endemic birds of Sulawesi
Critically endangered fauna of Asia
Sangihe white-eye
Taxa named by August Wilhelm Heinrich Blasius
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
In mathematics, a superabundant number (sometimes abbreviated as SA) is a certain kind of natural number. A natural number n is called superabundant precisely when, for all m < n
where σ denotes the sum-of-divisors function (i.e., the sum of all positive divisors of n, including n itself). The first few superabundant numbers are 1, 2, 4, 6, 12, 24, 36, 48, 60, 120, ... . For example, the number 5 is not a superabundant number because for 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5, the sigma is 1, 3, 4, 7, 6, and 7/4 > 6/5.
Superabundant numbers were defined by . Unknown to Alaoglu and Erdős, about 30 pages of Ramanujan's 1915 paper "Highly Composite Numbers" were suppressed. Those pages were finally published in The Ramanujan Journal 1 (1997), 119–153. In section 59 of that paper, Ramanujan defines generalized highly composite numbers, which include the superabundant numbers.
Properties
proved that if n is superabundant, then there exist a k and a1, a2, ..., ak such that
where pi is the i-th prime number, and
That is, they proved that if n is superabundant, the prime decomposition of n has non-increasing exponents (the exponent of a larger prime is never more than that a smaller prime) and that all primes up to are factors of n. Then in particular any superabundant number is an even integer, and it is a multiple of the k-th primorial
In fact, the last exponent ak is equal to 1 except when n is 4 or 36.
Superabundant numbers are closely related to highly composite numbers. Not all superabundant numbers are highly composite numbers. In fact, only 449 superabundant and highly composite numbers are the same . For instance, 7560 is highly composite but not superabundant. Conversely, 1163962800 is superabundant but not highly composite.
Alaoglu and Erdős observed that all superabundant numbers are highly abundant.
Not all superabundant numbers are Harshad numbers. The first exception is the 105th SA number, 149602080797769600. The digit sum is 81, but 81 does not divide evenly into this SA number.
Superabundant numbers are also of interest in connection with the Riemann hypothesis, and with Robin's theorem that the Riemann hypothesis is equivalent to the statement that
for all n greater than the largest known exception, the superabundant number 5040. If this inequality has a larger counterexample, proving the Riemann hypothesis to be false, the smallest such counterexample must be a superabundant number .
Not all superabundant numbers are colossally abundant.
Extension
The generalized -super abundant numbers are those such that for all , where is the sum of the -th powers of the divisors of .
1-super abundant numbers are superabundant numbers. 0-super abundant numbers are highly composite numbers.
For example, generalized 2-super abundant numbers are 1, 2, 4, 6, 12, 24, 48, 60, 120, 240, … (A208767 in OEIS)
References
.
.
.
External links
MathWorld: Superabundant number
Divisor function
Integer sequences
Théodore Wambeke was a Belgian rower. He competed at the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam with the men's coxed four where they were eliminated in the quarter-final.
References
External links
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Belgian male rowers
Olympic rowers of Belgium
Rowers at the 1928 Summer Olympics
European Rowing Championships medalists
20th-century Belgian people
The Nimba snake-eyed skink (Panaspis tristaoi) is a species of lidless skinks in the family Scincidae. The species is found in western Africa.
References
Panaspis
Reptiles described in 1940
Taxa named by Albert Monard
Gitanjali or Geetanjali () is an Indian feminine given name. There is a famous woman named Gitanjali F. Patel.
Notable people
Gitanjali S. Gutierrez, American lawyer
Geetanjali Misra, Indian feminist
Gitanjali Rao (born 1972), Indian theatre artist, animator and filmmaker
Geetanjali Shree (born 1957), Indian Hindi-language novelist
Geetanjali Thapa, Indian actress
Geetanjali Tikekar, Indian TV actress
See also
Geetanjali (disambiguation)
Indian feminine given names
Sir John Megaw, (16 September 1909 – 27 December 1997) was a British judge who eventually rose to Lord Justice of Appeal and Irish international rugby union player.
Early life and career
Born in Dublin, Megaw was the son of Irish (later Northern Irish) politician and judge Robert Megaw and the brother of the crystallographer Helen Megaw. After the creation of the Irish Free State, his father, a strong Protestant, relocated the family to Belfast. He was educated at the Royal Academical Institution in Belfast, before being elected to an open scholarship in Classics at St John's College, Cambridge. After gaining a first in Part I of the classical tripos, he switched to Law, gaining a first in Part II of the law tripos and in the LLB (which, at the time was a postgraduate law degree). He then attended Harvard Law School on a Choate fellowship. He also played rugby union internationally for Ireland, delaying his call to the bar for a term to take part in a match.
Megaw was called to the bar by Gray's Inn in 1934, having gained a certificate of honour in the bar finals. He became a pupil of Henry Willink at 3 Essex Court, and became a tenant there. Through devilling for Willink, Megaw became known to the India Office, and was regularly retained by the Indian government to appear in front of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council. His practice was mainly in commercial law, in which he distinguished himself.
Megaw married in 1938. The same year, disapproving of the Munich Agreement, he joined the Territorial Army. Called up as a gunner in 1939, he saw active service in London during the Blitz, before being posted to a staff position in Washington DC. He was demobilized with the rank of colonel and was awarded the US Legion of Merit.
Returning to the bar after the war, Megaw took silk in 1953, and was made silk in Northern Ireland, even though he did not practice there. He was appointed Recorder of Middlesbrough in 1957 and elected a bencher of Gray's Inn in 1958, serving as treasurer in 1976.
During his career at the bar he acted as pupil master to Michael Kerr (also later a Lord Justice of Appeal) and was a chambers contemporary of John Donaldson (later Master of the Rolls).
Judicial career
In 1961, on the recommendation of Lord Kilmuir, he was appointed to the High Court, receiving the customary knighthood. Assigned to the Queen's Bench Division, he also became President of the Restrictive Practices Court, but resigned from the latter in 1968, in protest against the government's use of legislation to overrule the court. In December 1964, he sentenced Ronald Cooper to death for murder, becoming the last judge to pronounce a death sentence at the Old Bailey.
He was promoted a Lord Justice of Appeal in 1969, and was sworn of the Privy Council. Having become dissatisfied with judicial work and aware that he would not be promoted to the House of Lords, he retired during the Long Vacation with little fanfare. After his retirement, he occasionally sat on the Privy Council and as an arbitrator. In 1981–82, he chaired the Committee of Inquiry into Civil Service Pay (Megaw Committee), formed in the aftermath of a Civil Service strike.
Honours
In addition to the customary knighthood and appointment to the Privy Council, Megaw received the American Legion of Merit in 1946, the Territorial Decoration in 1951, and was appointed CBE in 1956 for service as a member of the Industrial Injuries Advisory Council. He was an honorary fellow of St John's College, Cambridge, and received an honorary LLD from Queen's University Belfast.
Family
Megaw married Eleanor Grace Chapman in 1938; they had one son and two daughters.
Notable cases
Notable judicial decisions of Lord Justice Megaw included:
Ward v Tesco Stores Ltd
Re Baden's Deed Trusts (No 2)
Nettleship v Weston
Maredelanto Compania Naviera SA v Bergbau-Handel GmbH
Tenax Steamship Co v Owners of the Motor Vessel Brimnes
Lawrence v Metropolitan Police Comr (in the Court of Appeal)
Thornton v Shoe Lane Parking Ltd
Bunge Corp v Tradax Export SA (in the Court of Appeal)
Aluminium Industrie Vaassen BV v Romalpa Aluminium Ltd
Rugby Union
John Megaw was also capped twice as an international rugby union player for Ireland in the 1930s, once 1934 against Wales and again in 1938 against England, both times playing at Number Eight. Ireland lost both tests.
References
Lawyers from Belfast
20th-century English judges
Lords Justices of Appeal
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
Ireland international rugby union players
1909 births
1997 deaths
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Knights Bachelor
Queen's Counsel 1901–2000
Northern Ireland Queen's Counsel
Members of Gray's Inn
Members of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council
British Army personnel of World War II
Royal Artillery soldiers
Alumni of St John's College, Cambridge
Queen's Bench Division judges
Harvard Law School alumni
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
Royal Artillery officers
Rugby union players from County Dublin
Western Sydney Wanderers Football Club is an Australian women's football club based in the western region of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. Founded in 2012, it is the affiliated women's team of the A-League team Western Sydney Wanderers. The team currently competes in the A-League Women, the top tier of women's football in Australia.
History
The announcement of the creation of Western Sydney Wanderers FC on 4 April 2012 by the then FFA CEO Ben Buckley was soon followed by the announcement of an associated women's team which would compete in the W-League. On 5 July 2012, Stephen Roche was announced the inaugural head coach for the team. On 17 July 2014, Norm Boardman was appointed head coach for the team. On 20 May 2016, Richard Byrne was appointed head coach, with Leah Blayney appointed assistant coach and Davide Del Giovine goalkeeping coach. In October 2017, former Western Sydney Wanderers player Catherine Cannuli and Ryan Doidge joined Byrne as his assistant coaches.
The Wanderers made finals for the first time in 2019/20. They finished fourth after the Home & Away season.
Led by youngster Courtney Nevin, a local product, Matilda midfielder Ella Mastrantonio and foreign stars Denise O'Sullivan, Lynn Williams and Dolan Medallist Kristen Hamilton, the Wander Women had an impressive season.
The Wanderers had an active supporter group called ‘The West End' who attended a few games during the 2019/20 season.
Players
Current squad
Head coaches
Season by season record
Bold denotes a current club player
Italic denotes an active statistic
Broadcasting
Select games are broadcast via local radio station Hawkesbury Radio 89.9FM and streamed live on the station's website.
Records and statistics
Record Win: 5–0 vs. Sydney FC, 20 December 2019
Record Defeat: 10–1 vs. Perth Glory, 5 October 2014
Most Goals by a Player in a Game: 3 – Kristen Hamilton vs. Brisbane Roar, 28 November 2019
Most Wins in a Row: 3 – 14 November 2019 to 28 November 2019
Longest Undefeated Streak: 6 matches – 14 November 2019 to 26 December 2019
Most Goals In a Regular season: 7 goals: (in the 2019–20 season)
Longest Period Without Conceding a Goal: 312 minutes – 7 December 2019 to 12 January 2020. Goalkeeper: Abby Smith
Most appearances
Caitlin Cooper holds the record for most league appearances with 69 as of 30 June 2021.
Last updated 24 November 2018
Leading scorers
Catherine Cannuli holds the record for most league goals with 8 (including finals) as of the start of the 2019/20 season.
Servet Uzunlar scored the first two goals in Wanderer's history, be it men or women, when she netted a double in the Wanderers 3-2 loss against Adelaide United on 20 October 2012.
Last updated 16 March 2020
Competitive, professional matches only
See also
List of top-division football clubs in AFC countries
Women's soccer in Australia
W-League (Australia) all-time records
Australia women's national soccer team
References
External links
Official club website
A-League Women teams
Western Sydney Wanderers FC
Association football clubs established in 2012
Women's soccer clubs in Australia
2012 establishments in Australia
Doyran Heights (, ) are the heights rising to 3473 m at Mount Tuck in the east foothills of Vinson Massif and Craddock Massif in Sentinel Range, Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica, extending 30.8 km in north–south direction and 16.5 km in east–west direction. They are bounded by Thomas Glacier to the south and southwest, Dater Glacier and Hansen Glacier to the northwest and north, and Sikera Valley to the east, linked to Craddock Massif to the west by Goreme Col, and separated from Veregava Ridge to the north by Manole Pass and from Flowers Hills to the northeast by Kostinbrod Pass. Their interior is drained by Guerrero, Hough, Remington and Obelya Glaciers.
The heights are named after the settlements of Doyrantsi in Northeastern and Southern Bulgaria.
Location
Doyran Heights are centred at . US mapping in 1961, updated in 1988.
See also
Mountains in Antarctica
Geographical features include:
Beloslav Peak
Goreme Col
Guerrero Glacier
Hansen Glacier
Hough Glacier
Johnson Spur
Kostinbrod Pass
Manole Pass
McPherson Peak
Midzhur Peak
Mount Benson
Mount Havener
Mount Mohl
Mount Tuck
Prosenik Peak
Remington Glacier
Sikera Valley
Taylor Spur
Maps
Vinson Massif. Scale 1:250 000 topographic maps. Reston, Virginia: US Geological Survey, 1988.
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly updated.
Notes
References
Doyran Heights. SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer.
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
External links
Doyran Heights. Adjusted Copernix satellite image
Mountains of Ellsworth Land
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Ebenezer Baptist Church is a Baptist church located in Atlanta, Georgia, United States, affiliated with the Progressive National Baptist Convention and American Baptist Churches USA. It was the church where Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. was co-pastor from 1960 until his assassination in 1968, the location of the funerals of both Dr. King and congressman John Lewis, and the church for which United States Senator Raphael Warnock has been pastor since 2005. It is located in the historic area now designated as the Martin Luther King Jr. National Historical Park.
History
The church was founded in 1886 by Pastor John A. Parker and eight people. The church's name derives from the Books of Samuel, where the Samuel names a place "Ebenezer", meaning "stone of help", to commemorate God helping the Israelites defeat the Philistines.
Adam Daniel Williams (maternal grandfather of Martin Luther King Jr.) became pastor in 1894, and the church had only 13 members. It grew to 400 members by 1903 and in 1913, the church had 750 people. In 1922, the building was dedicated. In 1927, Martin Luther King Sr. became assistant pastor, with his father-in-law. He later became the senior pastor when Rev. Williams died in 1931. In 1960, Martin Luther King Jr. became co-pastor of the church with his father until his assassination in 1968.
In 1999, a new 1,700-seat church building called the Horizon Sanctuary was inaugurated within the Martin Luther King Jr. National Historical Park.
Since 2005, U.S. Senator Raphael Warnock has been the senior pastor of Ebenezer Baptist Church; he is the fifth person to serve as Ebenezer's senior pastor since its founding. On January 30, 2020, Warnock announced his campaign for Kelly Loeffler's Senate seat during the 2020 special election. In a special runoff election on January 5th, 2021, Reverend Warnock defeated Loeffler receiving 51% of the popular vote. With this victory, Warnock made history by becoming the first Black senator from the state of Georgia.
The funeral of Martin Luther King Jr. was held at the church on April 9, 1968. The funeral of Rayshard Brooks was held on June 23, 2020 at the church. The funeral of John Lewis was held on July 30, 2020 at the church.
Pastors
The pastors of Ebenezer Baptist Church since its foundation have been as follows:
1886-1894: The Reverend John A. Parker
1894-1931: The Reverend Adam Daniel Williams
1931-1975: The Reverend Martin Luther King Sr.; with three co-pastors
1960-1968: The Reverend Doctor Martin Luther King Jr. as co-pastor
1968-1969: The Reverend Alfred Daniel Williams King
1971-1975: The Reverend Doctor Otis Moss
1975-2005: The Reverend Doctor Joseph L. Roberts Jr.
2005-present: The Honorable Reverend Doctor Raphael Warnock, United States Senator since 2021.
Gallery
References
External links
Official Website
African-American history in Atlanta
Baptist churches in Atlanta
Sweet Auburn
Religious organizations established in 1877
1877 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Daniil Dmitrievich Markov (born 21 April 2000) is a Russian competitive swimmer. He is a former world junior record holder in the 4×100 metre medley relay. At the 2018 Summer Youth Olympics he won three gold medals and three silver medals. He he also won a gold medal and a silver medal at different European Short Course Swimming Championships. At the 2018 European Junior Swimming Championships he won two gold medals and one bronze medal. He won one gold medal, one silver medal, and one bronze medal in freestyle relay events at the 2021 World Short Course Championships.
Background
Markov was born 21 April 2000 in Russia.
Career
2018
2018 European Junior Championships
At the 2018 European Junior Swimming Championships in Helsinki, Finland in July, Markov swam a personal best time in the 100 metres of freestyle he swam leading off the 4×100 metre freestyle relay in the prelims on day one of competition, 4 July, with a time of 49.44 seconds. In the final of the event later the same day, he helped the finals relay team achieve a gold-medal-winning time of 3:18.21 by splitting a 50.12 for the lead-off leg of the relay. In the final of the 50 metre butterfly during the same finals session as the 4×100 metre freestyle relay final, Markov won the bronze medal with a time of 23.77 seconds, finishing just 0.21 seconds behind gold medalist Andrei Minakov, also of Russia, and 0.09 seconds after silver medalist Tomoe Hvas of Norway. Markov won his third and final medal of the Championships on the last day of competition, anchoring the 4×100 metre medley relay with a time of 49.45 seconds for his 100 metre portion of freestyle and finishing the relay at a time of 3:35.58 to win the gold medal along with relay teammates Kliment Kolesnikov, Vladislav Gerasimenko, and Andrei Minakov.
2018 Swimming World Cup: Kazan
Gaining addition racing experience after the European Junior Championships and before the 2018 Summer Youth Olympics, Markov competed at the 2018 Swimming World Cup stop in Kazan at the Palace of Water Sports and conducted in long course metres. In the prelims heats of the 50 metre freestyle, Markov qualified for the final ranking eighth with a time of 23.10 seconds. In the final, he swam the 50 metres of freestyle in 23.11 seconds to place eighth. For the 4×100 metre freestyle relay the next day, Markov split 50.54 seconds for the second leg of the relay, helping it achieve a time of 3:30.94 and win the silver medal in the event.
2018 Summer Youth Olympics
On the first day of the 2018 Summer Youth Olympics in Buenos Aires, Argentina, Markov won his first gold medal in the 4×100 metre mixed freestyle relay for his efforts in the prelims heats, where he swam a 50.28 for the lead-off leg of the relay to qualify the relay to the final ranked eighth. For his next event, the 100 metre butterfly, Markov swam a personal best time of 53.91 seconds in the prelims heats before placing 13th overall in the semifinals with a time of 54.07 seconds. Day three of competition, Markov ranked first in the semifinals of the 50 metre freestyle with a time of 22.30 seconds and qualified for the final. Following his semifinals performance, Markov won a gold medal in the 4×100 metre freestyle relay with finals relay members Kliment Kolesnikov, Vladislav Gerasimenko, and Andrei Minakov in a time of 3:18.11. On day four, Markov won his first individual medal of the Youth Olympic Games in the 50 metre freestyle, placing second and winning the silver medal in a time of 22.37 seconds, which was just 0.04 seconds slower than gold medalist Thomas Ceccon of Italy. Later in the day, Markov won a gold medal and set a world junior record in the 4×100 metre medley relay at 3:35.17, splitting a 49.19 for the freestyle leg of the relay.
The fifth day of competition, Markov won a silver medal in the 50 metre butterfly, finishing second with a time of 23.63 seconds, which was 0.01 seconds behind gold medalist Andrei Minakov and a time Tomoe Hvas tied by finishing at the exact same time, resulting in both Markov and Tomoe Hvas earning silver medals. Earlier on day five he competed in the 100 metre freestyle prelims heats, placing seventh overall with a time of 50.60 seconds, qualifying for the semifinals and choosing to withdraw from competition following the prelims stage of competition. On the sixth and final day, Markov competed in his eighth event and won his sixth medal, contributing to the silver medal win in the 4×100 metre mixed medley relay by swimming the butterfly leg of the relay in the prelims and helping qualify the relay to the final ranked third, he won a silver medal when the finals relay finished second in a time of 3:51.46.
2019
2019 World University Games
On 4 July 2019, at the 2019 World University Games conducted at Piscina Felice Scandone in Naples, Italy, Markov sixth in the semifinals of the 50 metre butterfly with a time of 23.78 seconds, qualifying for the final the next day. In the final of the 50 metre butterfly on 5 July, he placed sixth with a time of 23.91 seconds. Four days later, Markov tied for eighth placed in the semifinals of the 50 metre freestyle and had to compete in a swim-off where he and the person he tied, Cameron Kidd of Canada, raced each other and the faster swimmer, Markov with a time of 22.23 seconds, qualified for the final of the event. Come the final of the event the following day, 10 July, Markov won the bronze medal in the event with a time of 22.39 seconds.
2019 European Short Course Championships
At the Tollcross International Swimming Centre in Glasgow, Scotland on 4 December for the 2019 European Short Course Swimming Championships, Markov swum the second leg of the 4×50 metre freestyle relay in a time of 21.36 seconds in the prelims heats, helping advance the relay to the final of the event ranking first at 1:25.07. When the Russia finals relay, which did not include Markov, finished first in the final of the event with a time of 1:22.92, all the Russia relay team swimmers in the prelims and the final won a gold medal for their contributions to the win.
2021
2021 Swimming World Cup: Kazan
On the first day of the 2021 Swimming World Cup stop in Kazan, 28 October, Markov qualified for the final of the 50 metre freestyle ranked sixth with a time of 21.51 seconds from the prelims heats. In the final of the 50 metre freestyle the same day, he placed fifth in 21.40 seconds. The next day, Markov swam a personal best time of 47.18 seconds in the prelims heats of the 100 metre freestyle, advancing to the final of the event ranked sixth. For the final he placed eighth, finishing in a time of 47.81 seconds. Later in the same finals session, Markov led-off the 4×50 metre mixed freestyle relay in a time of 21.62 seconds in the final to help attain a gold medal victory in a time of 1:33.73. Day three, the final day of competition, Markov advanced to the final of the 50 metre butterfly with his time of 22.87 seconds in the prelims heats. Markov placed fourth in the final, swimming a time of 22.57 seconds and finishing less than a quarter of a second behind the bronze medalist in the event, Kyle Chalmers of Australia. In his final event, Markov won a silver medal in the final of the 4×50 metre mixed medley relay, splitting a time of 21.30 seconds for the freestyle leg of the relay to contribute to the total time of 1:40.83.
2021 European Short Course Championships
In the prelims of the 4×50 metre medley relay event at the 2021 European Short Course Swimming Championships in Kazan, Markov split a 22.48 for the butterfly leg of the relay, helping qualify the Russia relay to the final ranked first with a time of 1:32.69. For the finals relay, Vladimir Morozov substituted in for Markov for the butterfly leg and when the finals relay placed second with a time of 1:30.79 all prelims and finals relay team members, including Markov, won a silver medal for their efforts.
2021 World Short Course Championships
Markov was one of the athletes named to the Russia national team for the 2021 World Short Course Championships in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates in December. In the prelims heats of the 4×100 metre freestyle relay on day one, Markov split a 47.00 to help qualify the relay to the final ranked first with relay teammates Andrei Minakov, Vladimir Morozov, and Aleksandr Shchegolev. The finals relay, which did not include Markov, placed first and Markov won a gold medal for his prelims contributions. The next day, in the morning prelims session, Markov split a 21.30 for the second leg of the 4×50 metre mixed freestyle relay, qualifying the relay for the final ranked first with the help of his prelims relay teammates. On the finals relay, Vladimir Morozov substituted in for Markov and all prelims and finals relay members won the bronze medal when the finals relay finished third in 1:28.97. Day three of competition, Markov ranked 14th in the prelims heats of the 50 metre freestyle with a time of 21.50 seconds, qualifying for the semifinals in the evening. In the semifinals in the evening, Markov swam a personal best time of 21.33 seconds, ranked tenth overall, and did not advance to the final of the event. On the fourth day of competition, Markov split a 21.47 for the second leg of the 4×50 metre freestyle relay in the prelims heats, helping advance the relay tied in rank for first with the relay team from Italy with a time of 1:24.95. For the finals relay, Daniil Markov was substituted out, Andrei Minakov substituted in, and the relay won the silver medal in a time of 1:23.75.
Personal best times
Long course metres (50 m pool)
Legend: h – heat; r – relay 1st leg; sf – semifinal
Short course metres (25 m pool)
Legend: sf – semifinal; h – heat
Records
World junior records
Long course metres
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
Russian male freestyle swimmers
Russian male butterfly swimmers
Swimmers at the 2018 Summer Youth Olympics
Youth Olympic gold medalists for Russia
Universiade bronze medalists for Russia
Medalists at the FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m)
21st-century Russian people
Universiade medalists in swimming
Medalists at the 2019 Summer Universiade
Lopatino () is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Lopatinsky District, Penza Oblast, Russia. Population:
References
Notes
Sources
Rural localities in Penza Oblast
Petrovsky Uyezd
Constantin Iancu may refer to:
Costel Iancu, Romanian politician
Constantin Iancu (bobsleigh) (born 1948), Romanian bobsledder
Constantin Iancu (footballer), Romanian footballer
This page is an overview of the economy of Wallis and Futuna.
Finance
The GDP of Wallis and Futuna in 2005 was 188 million US dollars at market exchange rates. The GDP per capita was 12,640 US dollars in 2005 (at market exchange rates, not at PPP), which is lower than in New Caledonia, French Polynesia, and all the other French overseas departments and territories (except Mayotte), but higher than in all the small insular independent states of Oceania.
Along with the French territories of New Caledonia and French Polynesia, the territory uses the CFP Franc, which is fixed vs. the euro, at the rate of 1,000 XPF = 8.38 euro. In 1991, BNP Nouvelle-Calédonie, a subsidiary of BNP Paribas, established a subsidiary, Banque de Wallis et Futuna, which currently is the only bank in the territory. Two years earlier Banque Indosuez had closed the branch at Mata-Utu that it had opened in 1977, leaving the territory without any bank.
Agriculture and industry
The territory's economy is limited to traditional subsistence agriculture, with about 80% of the labor force earning its livelihood from agriculture (coconuts and vegetables), livestock (mostly pigs), and fishing. Agricultural products include breadfruit, yams, taro, bananas, pigs, and goats.
Industries include copra, handicrafts, fishing, and lumber. In 2007, US$63 million worth of commodities (foodstuffs, manufactured goods, transportation equipment, fuel, clothing) were imported, primarily from France, Singapore, Australia, and New Zealand, and there were no exports (the previous year, in 2006, exports amounted to US$122,000 and consisted entirely of 19 tons of trochus shells). About 4% of the population is employed in government. Revenues come from French government subsidies, licensing of fishing rights to Japan and South Korea, import taxes, and remittances from expatriate workers in New Caledonia, French Polynesia and France.
References
See also
Economy of France in: French Guiana, French Polynesia, Guadeloupe, Martinique, Mayotte, New Caledonia, Réunion, Saint Barthélemy, Saint Martin, Saint Pierre and Miquelon, Wallis and Futuna
Taxation in France
Economic history of France
Poverty in France
COBS may refer to:
Consistent Overhead Byte Stuffing
Adenosylcobinamide-GDP ribazoletransferase (CobS), an enzyme
See also
Cob (disambiguation)
Jamie Lomas (born 18 October 1977 in Chesterfield, England) is a footballer who played in The Football League for Chesterfield and Mansfield Town.
Career
Lomas started his career at his local team Chesterfield however despite spending eight years at Saltergate he only made 38 appearances and scored one goal which came in a shock 2–1 defeat to non-league Enfield in the FA Cup. He left to join local rivals Mansfield Town in May 2000. His career was ended by a serious knee ligament which he ironically suffered on his return to Chesterfield in the Miners Derby. He never recovered and retired from football.
References
English footballers
Chesterfield F.C. players
Mansfield Town F.C. players
English Football League players
1977 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
Abdul Hai Habibi (, ) – ʿAbd' ul-Ḥay Ḥabībi) (1910 – 9 May 1984) was a prominent Afghan historian for much of his lifetime as well as a member of the National Assembly of Afghanistan (Afghan Parliament) during the reign of King Zahir Shah. A Pashtun nationalist from Kakar tribe of Kandahar, Afghanistan, he began as a young teacher who made his way up to become a writer, scholar, politician and Dean of Faculty of Literature at Kabul University. He is the author of over 100 books but is best known for editing Pata Khazana, an old Pashto language manuscript that he claimed to have discovered in 1944; the academic community, however, does not unanimously agree upon its genuineness.
Biography
Habibi was born in Kandahar city of Afghanistan in 1910, in a Pashtun family of scholars of Kakar tribe. He was the great grandson of Allamah Habibullah, the eminent scholar known as "Kandahari intellectual" who authored many books. Habibi's father died at an early age and he grew up studying in the mosques of Kandahar, and in 1920 he was admitted to the primary school of Shalimar. Being good at his studies, he received his diploma at the age of 15 and began working as a teacher in the primary schools of Kandahar. In 1927 he was appointed as the deputy editor of Tulo Afghan weekly newspaper in Kandahar and 3 years later became the editor of the newspaper.
In the 1950s, he was forced to exile by living in Peshawar, Pakistan, because of his opposition to Afghan Prime Minister Shah Mahmud Khan. While in exile, he published a journal called Azad Afghanistan (Free Afghanistan). He was permitted to return to Afghanistan in 1961 to become professor in the faculty of literature of Kabul University. In 1966, he was appointed president of Afghan Historical Society and he published a number of books on Afghan history. Senzil Nawid writes:
As an academic, Habibi worked diligently throughout his life. He is the author of 115 books and over 500 papers and articles on the literature, history, philosophy, linguistics, poetics and the culture of the people of Afghanistan. Several of his books have been translated to English, Arabic, German and other foreign languages.
Abdul Hai Habibi died on 9 May 1984, in Kabul, during the Soviet–Afghan War. He was 74 years old at the time of his death. He was fluent in Pashto and Dari.
Summary of official positions
Teacher in the primary schools of Kandahar, 1925 to 1927.
Deputy editor of Tuloo-e Afghan newspaper, 1927 to 1931.
Editor of Tuloo-e Afghan, 1931 to 1940.
President of Pashto Academy (Pashto Tolana) in Kabul, 1940 to 1941 (at the same time he served as the Deputy President of the Department of Publications).
Advisor to the Education Ministry in Kabul, 1941 to 1944.
Chairman of the first College of Letters of Kabul University, and president of the Pashto Academy and professor of history of Pashto literature, 1944 *to 1946.
President of the Education Department of Kandahar, 1946 to 1947.
Commercial attaché in Quetta, Balochistan, 1947.
Elected representative of Kandahar province during the 7th session of the National Assembly of Afghanistan (Afghan Parliament), 1948 to 1951.
Received the rank of professor from Kabul University in 1965.
President of Afghan Historical Society, 1966 to 1971.
Advisor on cultural affairs to Prime Minister Mohammad Musa Shafiq, 1972 to 1973.
Professor of literature and history, Kabul University, 1970 to 1977.
Advisor to the Ministry of Information and culture, 1978 to 1982.
Criticism
Pata Khazana, one of Habibi's major works, has been questioned by several prominent scholars for lacking strong evidence. British Iranologist, David Neil MacKenzie, concludes from the anachronisms that the document was fabricated only shortly before its claimed discovery in 1944. MacKenzie's central argument refers to the use of the modern Pashto letters Dze (ځ ) and Nur (ڼ ) throughout the script. These letters were only introduced into the Pashto alphabet in 1936 when the Afghan government reformed the Pashto orthography. The two letters have never been found simultaneously in any genuine manuscript before 1935.
Habibi responded to his critics in 1977 by stating:
See also
Pata Khazana
Ghulam Mohammad Ghobar
References
1910 births
1984 deaths
Afghan writers
Pashtun writers
Pashtun people
Kabul University faculty
Alien Oceans is a 2020 non-fiction book by American writer and scientist Kevin Peter Hand. The book explores the possibility of life on planets and moons with subsurface oceans, and argues that the common understanding of the habitable zone should include natural satellites around gas giants. Satellites discussed in the book include Europa, Enceladus, and Triton.
Hand wrote the book to make the scientific information it discusses readily accessible to the public.
References
2020 non-fiction books
Books about extraterrestrial life
Astronomy books
American non-fiction books
Princeton University Press books
The 26 Baku Commissars were Bolshevik and Left Socialist Revolutionary (SR) members of the Baku Commune. The commune was established in the city of Baku, which was then the capital of the briefly independent Azerbaijan Democratic Republic, and is now the capital of the Republic of Azerbaijan. The commune, led by Stepan Shahumyan, existed until 26 July 1918 when the Bolsheviks were forced out of power by a coalition of Dashnaks, Right SRs, and Mensheviks.
After their overthrow, the Baku commissars attempted to leave Baku but were captured by the Centrocaspian Dictatorship and imprisoned. On 14 September 1918, during the fall of Baku to Ottoman forces, Red Army soldiers broke into their prison and freed the commissars; they then boarded a ship to Krasnovodsk, where they were promptly arrested by local authorities and, on the night of 20 September 1918, executed by a firing squad between the stations of Pereval and Akhcha-Kuyma on the Transcaspian Railway by soldiers of the Ashkhabad Committee. They were executed for essentially letting Islamic Army of the Caucasus seize Baku.
Baku Commune
The Baku Commune lasted from 13 April to 25 July 1918. It came to power after the bloody confrontation with the Muslim population, known as the March Days in Baku. During its brief existence the Commune had to face several problems: from the shortage of food and supplies to the threat of a strong Ottoman Empire Army which wanted to attack Baku. Despite the difficult conditions, the Commune carried out several social reforms, such as the nationalization of the oil industry. This is how the writer Victor Serge described the situation in May, June and July and the state of the small Red Army of Baku:
On April 25, 1918, at a meeting of the Baku Council, the Baku Council of People's Commissars (Sovnarkom) was formed, consisting of Bolsheviks and Left Social Revolutionaries. The Bolsheviks entered the Baku Council of People's Commissars: Stepan Shaumyan (Chairman of the Council of People's Commissars and People's Commissar for Foreign Affairs), Prokopius Dzhaparidze (People's Commissar for Internal Affairs), Yakov Zevin (People's Commissar of Labor), Meshadi Azizbekov (provincial Commissar), Grigory Korganov (People's Commissar for Military and Naval Affairs), Nariman Narimanov (People's Commissar of Municipal Economy), Ivan Fioletov (People's Commissar of the National Economy), A.B. Karinyan (People's Commissar of Justice), N N. Kolesnikova (People's Commissar of Education); and the left SRs: Mir Hasan Vezirov (People's Commissar of Agriculture), I. Sukhartsev (People's Commissar of Railways, Sea Transport, Posts and Telegraphs). And the Chairman of the Cheka for Combating Counterrevolution under the Baksovnarkom became the Bolshevik Sahak Ter-Gabrielyan.
On 5 June 1918 the Baku Red Army repulsed an assault by overwhelming Ottoman troops, but later it launched an unsuccessful assault on Ganja, the headquarters of the Ottoman Army of Islam, and was obliged to retreat to Baku.
At this point, Dashnaks, Right SRs and Mensheviks started to negotiate with General Dunsterville, the commander of the British troops in Persia, inviting his troops to Baku in order to defend the city from an imminent Ottoman attack. The Bolsheviks and their leftist allies opposed this scheme, but on 25 July the majority of the Soviet voted to call in the British, and the Bolsheviks resigned.
The Baku Commune was imprisoned for participation in unlawful military formations and militarized robbery, particularly for the March Days atrocities and was replaced by the Central-Caspian Dictatorship.
In contrast to what happened in many parts of Russia, where the Bolsheviks earned a reputation for ruthlessness executing those who did not support them, the Bolsheviks of Baku were not so strict. The Cheka in Baku executed only two persons, both members of the Soviet caught in embezzling public funds: the Commissar for Finance, Aleksandr Kireev, and the commissar of the steamship Meve, Sergei Pokrovskii.
The executions
After the fall of the Baku Soviet in July 1918, the Bolshevik leaders and some loyal troops tried to reach Astrakhan, the only Caspian port still in Bolshevik hands. However, their ship was intercepted by the military vessels of the Caspian fleet and after undergoing an hour's bombardment in mid-sea they surrendered and returned to Baku. Most of the Bolshevik militants were arrested and remained in prison until, after the fall of Baku to the Turks, a commando unit led by Anastas Mikoyan freed them from their prison.
Shahumyan, Dzhaparidze, Azizbekov, and their comrades, along with Mikoyan, then boarded the ship Turkmen, intending to reach Astrakhan by sea. According to recent historians, the sailors chose instead to sail to Krasnovodsk for fear of being arrested in Astrakhan. At Krasnovodsk the commissars were arrested by the town's commandant who requested further orders from the "Ashkhabad Committee", led by the Socialist Revolutionary Fyodor Funtikov, about what should be done with them. Three days later, British Major-General Wilfrid Malleson, on hearing of their arrest, contacted Britain's liaison-officer in Ashkhabad, Captain Reginald Teague-Jones, to suggest that the commissars be handed over to British forces to be used as hostages in exchange for British citizens held by the Soviets. That same day, Teague-Jones attended the committee's meeting in Ashkabad which had the task of deciding the fate of the Commissars. For some reason Teague-Jones did not communicate Malleson's request to the committee, and claimed he left before a decision was made. He further claimed that next day he discovered the committee had eventually decided to issue orders that the commissars should be executed. According to historian Richard H. Ullman, Teague-Jones could have stopped the executions if he wanted since the Ashkabad Committee was dependent on British support and could not refuse a request from its powerful ally, but he decided not to do so.
On the night of 20 September, three days after being arrested, twenty-six of the commissars were executed by a firing squad between the stations of Pereval and Akhcha-Kuyma on the Trans-Caspian railway. How Anastas Mikoyan, who was part of the group, managed to survive is still uncertain, as is the reason why his life was spared. In 1922, V. Chaikin, a Socialist Revolutionary journalist, published a description of the moments before the execution.
Impact
Soviet officials later blamed the executions on British agents acting in the Baku area at the time. When Soviet rule was established in the whole Caspian area, Funtikov, the head of the Ashkhabad 'Directorate' responsible for the executions, was imprisoned. Funtikov put all blame for the executions onto Britain, and in particular Teague-Jones who, he claimed, had ordered him to have the commissars shot. Funtikov was tried and shot in Baku in 1926. Britain denied involvement in the incident, saying it was done by local officials without any knowledge of the British.
This accusation caused a further souring of relations between Britain and the fledgling Soviet government and helped lead to the confrontational attitude of both sides in the coming years.
According to Soviet historiography, two British officers on board the commissars' ship ordered it to sail to Krasnovodsk instead of Astrakhan, where they found a government led by SRs and British officers who immediately ordered the arrest of the commissars. The Soviets would later immortalize the death of the 26 commissars through, among other things, movies, artwork, stamps, and public works including the 26 Commissars Memorial in Baku. In Isaak Brodsky's famous painting, British officers are depicted as being present at the executions.
Soviet investigations
Boris Vladimirovich Sennikov published a book in 2004 about his findings on the Tambov Rebellion where he mentioned several facts about the event.
Sennikov claims that the famous Brodsky's painting is an invention of the Soviet historiography. The truth was established by the special commission of the All-Russian Central Executive Committee (VTsIK) that arrived from Moscow. The commission was headed by Vadim Chaikin (PSR). The commission also consisted of a big group of a high-ranking Moscow's Cheka officers headed by Yakov Peters, an international criminal associated with the Siege of Sidney Street. Sennikov also brings up a quote of Chaikin in the article of Suren Gazaryan "That should not be repeated" in the Leningrad magazine "Zvezda": "The painting of Brodsky Execution of the 26 Baku Commissars is historically false. They were not shot, but rather decapitated. And the executioner of the penalty was a single man - a Turkmen, a gigantic strength bogatyr. That Turkmen by himself with his own hands using a shashka beheaded all of them." The pit with remains of the commissars and their heads was uncovered under the surveillance of the VTsIK special commission and representatives of Cheka. The report on the death of Baku commissars was sent by the commission to VTsIK, Sovnarkom, and the Central Committee of RKP(b).
In 1922 Vadim Chaikin published his book To the history of the Russian Revolution through the Grazhbin Publishing (Moscow) commemorating the first part "Execution of 26 Baku Commissars" to the event. After serving time in the Oryol Prison Chaikin on 11 September 1941 he was executed by a firing squad along with 156 other Oryol prison inmates during the Medvedev Forest massacre.
The Commissars
The twenty-six "Baku Commissars" were not all commissars and were not all Bolsheviks; some of them were Left SRs and Dashnaks. There were many ethnicities among them: Greek, Latvian, Jewish, Russian, Georgian, Armenian and Azerbaijani.
The 26 "commissars" were:
Stepan Shaumian – Chairman of the Baku Council of the People's Commissars, Commissar Extraordinary for the Caucasus
Meshadi Azizbekov – Deputy People's Commissar of Internal Affairs, gubernial commissar for Baku
Prokopius Dzhaparidze – Chairman of the executive committee of the Baku Soviet
Ivan Fioletov – Chairman of the Soviet of National Economy
Mir-Hasan Vazirov – People's Commissar for Agriculture
Grigory Korganov – People's Commissar for Military and Navy Affairs
Yakov Zevin – People's Commissar for Labor
Grigory Petrov – Military Commissar of the Baku region from the Sovnarkom of the Russian SFSR
Ivan Malygin – Deputy Chairman of the Military Revolutionary Committee of the Caucasian Army
Arsen Amiryan – Chief Editor of Baku Worker newspaper
Meyer Velkovich Basin – Member of the Military Revolutionary Committee
Suren Osepyan – Chief Editor of Izvestia of the Baku Council newspaper
Eizhen Berg – Sailor
Vladimir Polukhin – Collegiate Commissar for Military and Navy Affairs of the Russian SFSR
Fyodor Solntsev – Commissar of the military instruction school
Armenak Boriyan – Journalist
Ivan Gabyshev – Political commissar of a brigade
Mark Koganov – Member of the Military Revolutionary Committee
Bagdasar Avakyan – Military Commandant of Baku
Irakly Metaksa – Shahumyan's bodyguard
Ivan Nikolayshvili – Dzhaparidze's bodyguard
Aram Kostandyan – Deputy People's Commissar for Agriculture
Solomon Bogdanov – Member of the Military Revolutionary Committee
Anatoly Bogdanov – Clerk
Isay Mishne – Secretary of the Military Revolutionary Committee
Tatevos Amirov – Commander of a cavalry unit, member of Dashnaktsutiun
Demolition of the 26 Commissars Memorial and reburial
In January 2009, the Baku authorities began the demolition of the city's 26 Commissars Memorial. This was the latest monument of several that had been built to commemorate the Commissars erected in that park during the Soviet period. This last monument itself had been fenced-off since July 2008. The remains of the commissars were reburied at Hovsan Cemetery on 26 January 2009, with participation of Muslim, Jewish and Christian clergy, who conducted religious ceremonies.
The dismantling was opposed by some local left-wingers and by the Azerbaijan Communist Party in particular. It also upset Armenia as the Armenian public believed that the demolition and reburial was motivated by the reluctance of the Azerbaijanis, after the Nagorno-Karabakh War to have ethnic Armenians buried in the center of their capital. Another scandal happened when Azerbaijani press reports claimed that during the exhumation only 21 bodies were discovered and that "Shahumyan and four other Armenian commissars managed to escape their murderers". This report was questioned by Shahumyan's granddaughter Tatyana, now living in Moscow, who told the Russian daily Kommersant that:
Almost all monuments in Azerbaijan dedicated to the commissars including Shahumyan, Azizbekov, Dzhaparidze and Fioletov, have been demolished. Most streets named after the commissars have been renamed.
Trivia
Russian prominent poet Sergei Yesenin wrote "Ballad of the Twenty-six" to commemorate the Baku Commissars, poem first published in The Baku Worker, 22 September 1925.
Russian band WOMBA named one of its albums The 27th Baku Commissar.
Italian prominent writer Tiziano Terzani wrote about the Baku Commissars in his book Buonanotte, signor Lenin (Goodnight, Mr Lenin: A Journey Through the End of the Soviet Empire, 1992).
A street in southwest-central Moscow is named after the 26 Baku Commisars {Ulitsa 26 Bakinskikh Komissarov
See also
Transcaspian Government
References
Further reading
External links
Nine Photos of past monuments dedicated to the 26 Baku Commissars, plus photo of the funeral. Azerbaijan International, Vol. 15:2–4 (2011), pp. 167–169.
26 Baku Commissars
Leninism
Executed politicians
1918 in Azerbaijan
Commissars
Articles containing video clips
Communism in Azerbaijan
Uvuru-Agada (Uvuru) is a community in Uzo Uwani, Enugu State, Nigeria. It is roughly from Nsukka. Originally known as Ogbo-Uvuru, the community is commonly called Uvuru-Agada after Agada, the community's founder. The community is led by a committee of the oldest men in each clan, known as Ndi-Idi-Uvuru, which is responsible for administering justice and resolving disputes.
Constituent villages
Uvuru-Agada consists of ten villages;
Amono
Inama
Ogwu
Okasibi
Ugbene
Umudia
Umuntu
Utokpu
Utomaka
Uvuru-ani
History
Uvuru's views on the origin and migration of its people are different from that of its neighbors. One version talks about Igala influence, while another version points to Eri-Nri influence. Another claim was that Eri-Nri influences in the area were outweighed by the influence of Attah of Igala as in many other localities within the Nsukka area.
Economy
Uvuru's economy depends on locally produced agricultural tools, including hoes (ogu), machetes (mma), axes, baskets and others. The most common staple crops are yam (multiple species), cassava, black beans, cocoyam (multiple species) and maize, among others. They also engage in artistic works such as craft sand, blacksmithing, carving, basket making, weaving and others. In addition, they cultivate fruit trees including oranges, plantain, banana, pawpaw and tangerine. Timber harvesting is another economic activity, owing to the rainforest trees in the farms.
Culture
The traditional religion of the area is henotheistic, with Chukwu Abiama as the highest deity. Chukwu Abiama is worshipped through lesser gods in their shrines. Inhabitants attached most of their socio-cultural, political and economic activities to their traditional African religion until the arrival of Christianity in 1910.
Education
The community has one government secondary school: Uvuru Secondary School and four government primary schools: Uvuru community primary school, Ogwu primary school, Uvuru-ani primary school and Okasibi-umuawa primary school.
References
Populated places in Enugu State
Harold Chapman (1927–2022) was a British photographer noted for chronicling the 1950s in Paris.
Harold Chapman may also refer to:
Harold Chapman (orthodontist) (1881–1965), England's first exclusive Orthodontic practitioner
Harold Chapman (cricketer) (1922–2007), New Zealand cricketer
Harold Chapman (rugby league), rugby league footballer of the 1920s and 1930s who played for Castleford
Harold Chapman (footballer), association footballer who played for New Zealand
Etan Ilfeld is a London-based entrepreneur and the founder of Tenderbooks, Tenderpixel gallery, Watkins Mind Body Spirit Magazine, Watkins Wisdom Academy, PlayStrategy.org, co-founder of Repeater Books, and the owner and managing director of Watkins Books, Watkins Media, and the Mind Sports Olympiad. Ilfeld is the inventor of Diving chess and the author of Beyond Contemporary Art, co-author of Duchamp versus Einstein and the creator of the Synchronicity Oracle.
Education
Ilfeld graduated at the top of his undergraduate Physics class at Stanford University and was awarded the David Levine Award. He is also a member of Phi Beta Kappa and holds a Masters in Film Studies from the University of Southern California, and a Masters in Interactive Media from Goldsmiths, University of London.
Books and publishing
Ilfeld is the owner of Watkins Books, London's oldest Mind Body Spirit bookshop (established in 1893). He is also the editor-in-chief of the Watkins' Mind Body Spirit magazine. In the February 2011 issue of Watkins' Mind Body Spirit magazine, Ilfeld launched the 100 Spiritual List, which ranks the 100 Most Spiritually Influential Living People in the world. The 100 Spiritual list continues to be published annually.
In 2014, Watkins Media acquired Watkins Publishing, Nourish, and Angry Robot from Osprey Publishing. Ilfeld launched an additional imprint within Watkins Media called Repeater Books in 2016, which focuses on politics and philosophy.
In October 2021, Ilfeld bought John Hunt Publishing (JHP), which has more than 2000 titles across over a dozen imprints including O Books, Zero Books, Iff Books and Moon Books.
Mind sports
Ilfeld is a competitive strategy games player having won the World Amateur Poker Championship title at the Mind Sports Olympiad in 2010. Ilfeld is a US Chess Federation National Chess Master, and the inventor of Diving Chess, a chess variant played in a pool such that each player can think during their turn for as long as they can hold their breath underwater. He is currently the chief organizer of the Mind Sports Olympiad.
Media and art
In 2007, Ilfeld founded Tenderpixel Gallery, a contemporary art gallery in central London. In 2008, Tenderpixel began hosting an annual experimental film competition known as Tenderflix.
Ilfeld produced Pentamind - The Ultimate Mind Sports Championship directed by Hassan Amini, which won the best documentary at the 2020 Gen Con Film Festival and follows five of the world's most decorated mind sports athletes as they compete to become the best all-round board games player in the world. He was also an executive producer of the feature films Killer Pad (directed by Robert Englund), and Remainder an adaptation of Tom McCarthy's Remainder (novel) directed by Omer Fast. His article Contemporary Art and Cybernetics was published in the peer-reviewed Leonardo Journal published by MIT Press in February 2012, and his book, Beyond Contemporary Art, was published in October 2012 by Vivays Publishing. Inspired by Marcel Duchamp's archived letters, Duchamp versus Einstein (Angry Robot, 2019) was co-authored with Christopher Hinz as a science fiction novelette featuring Duchamp and Einstein as they are manipulated by an alien visitor. Ilfeld is also a digital artist and his New Kind of Cinema work was showcased at TEDxLondon in 2011, and archived in Rhizome's ArtBase. New Kind of Cinema was programmed in Mathematica and inspired by the usage of cellular automata after training with Stephen Wolfram in Pisa during the summer of 2009.
References
Living people
American poker players
American Jews
Year of birth missing (living people)
Taddy Porter is an American rock band formed in 2007 in Stillwater, Oklahoma, United States. The band members are Andy Brewer (lead vocal/guitar), Joe Selby (lead guitar/backing vocals), Doug Jones (drums), and Kevin Jones (bass). The band describes their sound as a mix of classic rock and blues in a modern-rock setting.
History
Taddy Porter was initially envisioned as the duo of Andy Brewer and Doug Jones, but after taking guitar lessons from Selby, Brewer decided to bring him on as lead guitarist and the three invited Jones' brother, Kevin, to fill out the quartet. The name of the band was chosen after Andy noticed it on a bar beer list and believed it fit the band. The band originally began building their act at Dirty's Tavern, a local bar in their hometown of Stillwater.
In December 2007 they recorded a 4-track EP, Monocle, produced by Trent Bell at Bell Labs Recording Studio in Norman, Oklahoma.
In late 2009 Scott Frazier of Overtone Music Group was sent to Oklahoma City to see another band. Taddy Porter approached him and asked him if he would watch their support set. Frazier was so impressed he signed them to a management contract within a few days.
Frazier's partner, Rick Smith had this assessment of the band, “This band is going to be the biggest one in my 35 years of doing this. This is truly something special. This is Paul Rodgers 1969, if Free came from Stillwater, Okla., or if Joe Cocker had a baby with Robert Plant, it would be Andy Brewer. All the successful great rock bands of the last 30 years have had that dual focus — whether it's starting with Jagger and Richards, or Lennon and McCartney or Tyler and Perry or Axl and Slash. You have to have the two front guys in Andy and Joe. Joe will be one of the quintessential guitar players of his generation. This is a band that only comes around like once in a generation. They're that special.”
The band was signed to a record deal with independent label Primary Wave Records, which not only allows the band to retain the rights to its songs, but also includes distribution through EMI records.
The band's debut single "Shake Me" was featured on Monday Night Football on December 21, 2009. It was also used in episode 24 of the ABC sitcom Cougar Town on May 24, 2010 (previously "In the Morning" had been used in episodes 18 and 21.) "Shake Me" was also featured in the NBC show Chase.
The band had two songs ("King Louie" and "Mean Bitch") featured in the seventh season premiere of Entourage on HBO June 27, 2010, and two songs ("Railroad Queen" and "King Louie") can be heard in the upcoming John Cena movie "Legendary".
On July 27, 2010 it was announced that Taddy Porter would tour with Slash and Myles Kennedy for eight dates in September 2010.
In the Autumn 2010, the band toured with Canadian band Finger Eleven on select tour dates, as well as with Evans Blue. They also opened for Alter Bridge on select dates in the United States.
Model Chelsea Tallarico, daughter of Aerosmith lead singer and former American Idol judge Steven Tyler, is featured in the band's 2011 music video for the song "Long Slow Drag."
Stay Golden
The group's next album Stay Golden was released on February 26, 2013.
Tame the Wolf
On December 12, 2014, Taddy Porter announced that they would start recording their third album, Tame the Wolf, on January 2, 2015, in Nashville, Tennessee. The third album changed its name to Big Wheel and was released on May 20, 2017.
Discography
Studio albums
Taddy Porter (2010) [#24 Top Heatseekers]
Stay Golden (2013)
Big Wheel (2017)
Extended plays
Monocle (2007)
Singles
References
External links
Official website
Taddy Porter on Facebook
Rock music groups from Oklahoma
American hard rock musical groups
Musical groups established in 2007
2007 establishments in Oklahoma
Otto Johann Drescher (5 October 1895 – 13 August 1944) was a German general in the Wehrmacht of Nazi Germany during World War II. He was a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. Drescher died on 13 August 1944 in Memel (Klaipėda).
Awards and decorations
Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross on 6 April 1944 as generalleutnant and commander of 267th Infantry Division
References
Citations
Bibliography
1895 births
1944 deaths
Lieutenant generals of the German Army (Wehrmacht)
German military personnel of World War I
Recipients of the clasp to the Iron Cross, 1st class
Recipients of the Gold German Cross
Recipients of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
German military personnel killed in World War II
People from Svitavy District
The Spirit River Formation is a stratigraphical unit of middle Albian age in the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin.
It takes the name from the Spirit River, and was first described in Imperial Oil Spirit River No. 1 well by Badgley in 1952.
Lithology
The Spirit River Formation consists, from bottom to top of fine to medium grained argillaceous sandstone, dark shale, ironstone, greywacke, shale, siltstone, coal and dark shale with thin sandstone and siltstone stringers.
Hydrocarbon production
Gas is produced from channels developed in the Falher Member in northern Alberta.
Hydraulic fracturing in Canada
'Massive' hydraulic fracturing has been widely used in Alberta since the late 1970s to recover gas from low-permeability sandstones of the Spirit River Formation. Massive hydraulic fracturing has been widely used in Alberta since the late 1970s. The method is currently used in development of the Cardium, Duvernay, Montney and Viking formations in Alberta, Bakken formation in Saskatchewan, Montney and Horn River formations in British Columbia.
Distribution
The Spirit River Formation reaches a maximum thickness of . It is found in the sub-surface in the Peace River Country, in an area stretching from Fort St. John, British Columbia to the Lesser Slave Lake from west to east, and from Grande Prairie, Alberta to Manning, Alberta from south to north.
Relationship to other units
The Spirit River Formation is conformably overlain by the Peace River Formation and conformably underlain by the Bluesky Formation. It grades laterally to the Buckinghorse Formation shales to the north-east, and into the sandy facies of the Malcolm Creek Formation south of the Wapiti River. It is equivalent to the upper Mannville Formation in Central Alberta and to the Clearwater Formation and Grand Rapids Formation in the upper Athabasca River area.
Subdivisions
The Spirit River Formation is composed of the following sub-divisions from base to top:
References
Stratigraphy of Alberta
Stratigraphy of British Columbia
Robert Charles Swartelé (22 June 1900 – 7 November 1967) was a Belgian rower. He competed at the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris with the men's eight where they were eliminated in the round one repechage.
References
1900 births
1967 deaths
Belgian male rowers
Olympic rowers of Belgium
Rowers at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Rowers from Ghent
European Rowing Championships medalists
20th-century Belgian people
Vitali Yuryevich Butikov (, born 19 June 1987) is a Russian former competitive ice dancer. With partner Kristina Gorshkova, he is the 2008 World Junior bronze medalist.
Butikov switched from singles to ice dancing at age eleven. After their coach, Tatiana Kuzmina, was killed in a car accident in July 2007, Gorshkova and Butikov began working with Elena Tchaikovskaia, Ksenia Rumiantseva, and Petr Durnev.
Programs
(with Gorshkova)
Competitive highlights
(with Gorshkova)
References
External links
Russian male ice dancers
1987 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Perm, Russia
World Junior Figure Skating Championships medalists
Universiade medalists in figure skating
Universiade gold medalists for Russia
Competitors at the 2009 Winter Universiade
Competitors at the 2011 Winter Universiade
In software development XRX is a web application architecture based on XForms, REST and XQuery. XRX applications store data on both the web client and on the web server in XML format and do not require a translation between data formats. XRX is considered a simple and elegant application architecture due to the minimal number of translations needed to transport data between client and server systems. The XRX architecture is also tightly coupled to W3C standards (CSS, XHTML 2.0, XPath, XML Schema) to ensure XRX applications will be robust in the future. Because XRX applications leverage modern declarative languages on the client and functional languages on the server they are designed to empower non-developers who are not familiar with traditional imperative languages such as JavaScript, Java or .Net.
Overview of XRX
XRX is a zero translation application architecture that uses XML to store data in the client web browser, on the application server and in the database server. It is because each of these layers use XML as the same structural data model that XRX applications do not have to translate data structures to and from both object and relational data structures. Because of the lack of need for translation, XRX is considered to have a clean and elegant design. The XRX web application architecture allows developers to focus on the business problem and not the translation problem. XRX benefits from several advances in software technology:
Client Architectural Features
A model–view–controller (MVC) architecture that separates the data from its presentation and business logic.
A single element (xf:submission) for all server submissions. This replaces much of the JavaScript code required in most AJAX applications.
An advanced event model (XML Events) consistent with W3C standards that frees applications from having to deal with vendor-specific and browser-specific event handling.
A Dependency graph that is used to store the dependency structure of the client controllers. This frees the developer from having to manually update either the model or the views when data changes in an application. This allows spreadsheet-like applications to be created on the client with very little effort.
A declarative programming style that allows most client XForms applications to be created using a small set of approximately 20 elements. This allows rich client applications to be created without knowledge of JavaScript or other procedural scripting languages.
An easy-to-extend system for creating new user interface controls using the EXtensible Bindings Language. This allows developers to add new controls at any time without fear of incompatibilities with W3C standards.
Server Architecture Features
Many native XML databases have built-in REST interfaces making each XQuery inherently a RESTful web service.
A functional programming model that promotes side-effect free systems that are easier to debug and easier to run on multiple processors.
An easy-to-extend system using XQuery function and modules.
Both Client and Server
Both XRX client and server components support a wide range of XML related standards such as XPath, XML Schema and XML Namespaces
Consistent use of REST interfaces to exchange data between the client and server for all transfers of data including as-you-type data checking and suggest functions
Consistent integration of W3C standards including use of XPath and XML Schema data types
A large library of standard of functions used on both the client and server
Overall Benefits of XRX
One of the principal benefits of the XRX architecture is that it avoids the requirement to "shred" complex data structures into relational structures and then reconstitute the data back into structures when a record is edited on the client.
Another benefits of the XRX Web application architecture is that it avoids most of the problems around the object-relational impedance mismatch.
Another advantage is that the client developer does not have to learn JavaScript on the client.
Comparison with Traditional Object/Relational Web Application Architectures
Many traditional web application architectures created in the late 1990 were based on middle object tiers and persistence layers that used tabular data streams and relational database systems. Because each of these layers used different structures to store the models the systems required much additional complexity to translate between layers.
History of XRX
Early examples of using a zero-translation architecture in multi-tier systems can be traced back to the rise of object-oriented databases in the 1990s. See OODBMS History
Mark Birbeck suggested that the combination of XForms, XQuery with REST interfaces between the two had many advantages in a meeting to the UK XML User Group in September 2006
. His presentation was one of the first to specifically suggest that the combination of three technologies: XForms and XQuery with REST interfaces would have surprisingly beneficial effects. Mark termed this process "Skimming" but that term did not seem to be contagious.
Erik Bruchez of Orbeon spoke at the XML 2007 conference on Boston in December 2007. In his presentation "XForms and the eXist XML database: a perfect couple", Bruchez showed that many people were discovering synergistic benefits of XForms on the client and XQuery on the server.
The label for XRX was suggested by a blog posting by Dan McCreary on December 14, 2007. It was in this article that Dan suggested the need for a contagious meme for the ideas behind the XRX architecture.
Generalizations of XRX
Although XRX was originally intended to connote the use of XForms on the client, REST as an interface and XQuery on the server, other proponents of the symmetrical use of XML on the client and server have generalized the term to encompass any XML-centric web client and any server that can store and query XML documents. This use of XRX is generally referred to as "shallow XRX". These generalizations do benefit from a simplified zero-translation architecture but many do not benefit from REST interfaces, XPath for consistent data selection, declarative systems in the client, and functional languages on the server (one of the key aspects of XRX). Use of all three technologies (XForms, REST and XQuery) is referred to as "deep XRX".
Although XRX architecture is centred on XForms and XQuery, it does not preclude the use of other technologies that manipulate XML natively, such as XSLT, XProc, and XSL-FO.
See also
Web application framework
References
Additional Resource
XRX: Simple, Elegant, Disruptive by Dan McCreary
Google Code repository for XRX developers
Metaphorical Web and XRX by Kurt Cagle
XRX Queries using the eXist database by Jeni Tennison
XRX Mapping URLS with Orbeon Forms by Jeni Tennison
XRX Performing Updates by Jeni Tennison
XRX Locking Grain Design by Dan McCreary
XRX Wikibook XRX Wikibook with tutorials for creating CRUDS application using the eXist database
The Agile Stack by Jason Monberg
Jesse Alama's Blog on XQuery and XRX
Web applications
Software architecture
Maik-Kalev Kotsar (born 22 December 1996) is an Estonian professional basketball player for Saski Baskonia of the Spanish Liga ACB. He played college basketball for South Carolina Gamecocks. Kotsar also has played for the Estonia men's national basketball team as well as the Estonia men's national 3x3 team. Listed at and , he plays the center position.
College career
On 7 March 2016, Kotsar committed to play for the South Carolina Gamecocks. In his freshman year, Kotsar saw action in all 37 games with 33 starts, averaging 5.8 points and 4.8 rebounds per game as South Carolina advanced to its first-ever Final Four, losing 73–77 to Gonzaga. Kotsar earned second-team All-SEC honors after averaging 11.2 points, 6.3 rebounds, 2.3 assists, 1.5 steals and 1.1 blocks per game during his senior season.
Maik Kotsar attended the University of South Carolina's Darla Moore School of Business. He majored in Finance and minored in Management. By the time of his graduation he had been named to the President's List, was on the Athletics Director's Honor Roll and had been named to the SEC Honor Roll all four years, and was named to the NABC (National Association of Basketball Coaches) Honors Court. Possibly his most notable academic achievement came his senior year when he was named University of South Carolina's Male Scholar Athlete of the Year. This award is given each year to one graduating senior with exceptional and outstanding academic achievement.
Professional career
On August 16, 2020, Kotsar signed with the Hamburg Towers of the Basketball Bundesliga. In both seasons with the Hamburg side, he averaged 14.2 points per game in Bundesliga play.
On July 25, 2022, he put pen to paper on a deal with Saski Baskonia of the Spanish Liga ACB.
National team career
Kotsar made his debut for the Estonian national team on 29 June 2018, in a 2019 FIBA Basketball World Cup qualifier against Great Britain, scoring 8 points in a 65–74 away defeat.
3X3
Kotsar's 3x3 career started in the U18 division in 2013 with the Sprite Streetball 2013 Tallinn tournament where he advanced to the U18 Estonia Finals and eventually the 2013 FIBA 3x3 World Championships on September 26, 2013.
Kotsar continued to compete 3x3 through 2014 and 2015.
His FIBA 3x3 career returned from hiatus in 2018 Ghetto Basket Pro Camp in Riga on May 10 of that year. His team would advance all the way to the FIBA 3x3 World Cup tournament. Kotsar's Estonia Men's 3x3 team would be defeated by the Poland national 3x3 team who would themselves go on to win 3rd place in the entire tournament after being eliminated in the semifinals.
The Estonian 3x3 Men's Team's run came to an end at the preliminary stage pools at 3rd place of the 2018 FIBA 3x3 World Cup – Men's tournament and they took home 9th place.
Career statistics
College
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2016–17
| style="text-align:left;"| South Carolina
| 37 || 33 || 23.9 || .490 || – || .396 || 4.8 || .7 || .7 || .4 || 5.8
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2017–18
| style="text-align:left;"| South Carolina
| 33 || 33 || 26.5 || .426 || .222 || .566 || 4.8 || 1.4 || .9 || .5 || 8.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2018–19
| style="text-align:left;"| South Carolina
| 30 || 24 || 23.4 || .438 || .500 || .443 || 4.7 || .9 || 1.0 || .9 || 6.7
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2019–20
| style="text-align:left;"| South Carolina
| 31 || 31 || 30.5 || .497 || .000 || .690 || 6.3 || 2.3 || 1.5 || 1.1 || 11.2
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 131 || 121 || 26.0 || .464 || .265 || .541 || 5.1 || 1.3 || 1.0 || .7 || 7.8
References
External links
South Carolina Gamecocks bio
1996 births
Living people
Centers (basketball)
Estonian expatriate basketball people in the United States
Estonian men's basketball players
Hamburg Towers players
Korvpalli Meistriliiga players
Power forwards (basketball)
South Carolina Gamecocks men's basketball players
Sportspeople from Tallinn
Estonian expatriate basketball people in Germany
Estonian expatriate basketball people in Spain
ICDP may refer to
International Confederation for Disarmament and Peace
Integrated Conservation and Development Project
International Continental Scientific Drilling Program
Institut de Criminologie et de Droit Pénal de Paris
Belgium competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 5 to 21 August 2016. Since the nation's official debut in 1900, Belgian athletes had appeared in every edition of the Summer Olympic Games, with the exception of the 1904 Summer Olympics in St. Louis. The Belgian team consisted of 108 athletes, 70 men and 38 women, across nineteen sports.
Belgium returned home from Rio de Janeiro with six medals (two in each color), which matched its overall tally from the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta. A third of the medal tally was distributed to the Belgian cyclists, including the first ever gold of the Games won by Greg Van Avermaet in the men's road race. These Games also marked a historic first for the Belgians on the podium in collective sports after nearly a century, bringing them home a silver medal in the men's field hockey tournament. Indeed, the Belgian men surpassed their female counterparts in the medal count for the first time since 1988.
Apart from Van Avermaet and the men's field hockey team, other medals were distributed to the following athletes on the Belgian roster: a gold to Nafissatou Thiam, who edged out the defending champion Jessica Ennis-Hill of Great Britain in the women's heptathlon; a silver to Pieter Timmers, who became the first Belgian swimmer to ascend the Olympic podium, since Frédérik Deburghgraeve captured the gold in Atlanta two decades earlier; and two bronzes to judoka and three-time Olympian Dirk Van Tichelt (men's lightweight) and track cyclist Jolien D'Hoore (women's omnium).
Medalists
| width=78% align=left valign=top |
| style="text-align:left; width:22%; vertical-align:top;"|
Competitors
The Belgian Olympic and Interfederal Committee fielded a roster of 108 athletes, 70 men and 38 women, to compete across nineteen different sports at these Games; it was the nation's second-largest delegation sent to the Olympics, falling short of the record achieved in London 2012 (111) by a few athletes. Roughly three quarters of the nation's full roster size were made up of males more than their female counterparts, due to the attendance of the men's field hockey squad and the proliferation of men in judo, swimming, and track and field making the cut.
For individual-based sports, Belgium made its Olympic debut in golf (new to the 2016 Games), as well as its return to fencing after 12 years and archery after 16 years. Additionally, the Belgian female gymnasts were selected to compete in the team all-around for the first time at these Games after nearly seven decades. Track and field accounted for the largest number of athletes on the Belgian team, with 26 entries, while there was a single competitor each in archery, sprint canoeing, fencing, rowing, shooting, and weightlifting.
The Belgian roster featured London 2012 bronze medalists Charline Van Snick (women's extra-lightweight judo) and sailing veteran Evi Van Acker (Laser Radial), taekwondo fighter and former Iranian refugee Raheleh Asemani (women's 57 kg), world-ranked tennis player David Goffin, rising heptathlon star Nafissatou Thiam, badminton siblings Yuhan and Lianne Tan, and the prominent Borlée track and field quartet of twins and three-time Olympians Kévin and Jonathan, their younger brother Dylan, and their lone sister and 2008 relay champion Olivia, who eventually served as the nation's flag bearer in the opening ceremony.
Fifteen-year-old gymnast Senna Deriks, who helped the Belgians secure one of available berths in the women's team all-around at the Games, was the country's youngest competitor, with equestrian eventing rider and four-time Olympian Joris Vanspringel rounding out the lineup as the oldest competitor (aged 53). Vanspringel's teammate Karin Donckers topped the list of most experienced athletes on the Belgian roster, by becoming the country's first female to participate in her record six Olympics.
| width=78% align=left valign=top |
The following is the list of number of competitors in the Games. Note that reserves in fencing, field hockey, football, and handball are not counted as athletes:
Archery
One Belgian archer has qualified for the men's individual recurve at the Olympics by virtue of a top five national finish at the 2016 Archery World Cup meet in Antalya, Turkey, signifying the nation's Olympic return to the sport for the first time since 2000.
Athletics
Belgian athletes have so far achieved qualifying standards in the following athletics events (up to a maximum of 3 athletes in each event):
Track & road events
Men
Women
Field events
Combined events – Men's decathlon
Combined events – Women's heptathlon
Badminton
Belgium has qualified two badminton players for each of the following events into the Olympic tournament. London 2012 siblings Yuhan and Lianne Tan were selected among the top 34 individual shuttlers each in the men's and women's singles based on the BWF World Rankings as of 5 May 2016.
Canoeing
Sprint
Belgium has received an unused host quota place in the men's K-1 1000 m to the Olympics, as the next highest-ranked eligible nation, not yet qualified, at the 2015 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships.
Qualification Legend: FA = Qualify to final (medal); FB = Qualify to final B (non-medal)
Cycling
Road
Belgian riders qualified for the following quota places in the men's and women's Olympic road race by virtue of their top 15 final national ranking in the 2015 UCI World Tour (for men) and top 22 in the UCI World Ranking (for women). The women's road cycling team was named to the Olympic roster on June 9, 2016, with the men joining them on July 22.
Men
Women
Track
Following the completion of the 2016 UCI Track Cycling World Championships, Belgian riders have accumulated spots in both the men's and women's omnium, by virtue of their final individual UCI Olympic rankings in those events.
Omnium
Mountain biking
Belgian mountain bikers qualified for two men's and one women's quota place into the Olympic cross-country race, as a result of the nation's ninth-place finish for men and twelfth for women, respectively, in the UCI Olympic Ranking List of May 25, 2016. The mountain biking team was named to the Olympic roster on June 9, 2016.
BMX
Belgian riders qualified for one woman's quota place in BMX at the Olympics, as a result of the nation's top three finish for women in the UCI BMX Individual Ranking List of May 31, 2016. BMX cyclist Elke Vanhoof was named to the Olympic roster on June 9, 2016.
Equestrian
Belgium has entered two jumping riders into the Olympic equestrian competition by virtue of their top four finish outside the group selection in the individual FEI Olympic Rankings. Two eventing riders and one dressage rider have been added to the squad by virtue of the following results in the individual FEI Olympic rankings: a top nine finish from the combined overall in eventing, and a top two finish from South Western Europe in dressage.
Belgian equestrian team was named on July 12, 2016.
Dressage
Eventing
Jumping
Fencing
Belgium has entered one fencer into the Olympic competition, signifying the nation's sporting comeback for the first time since 2004. Seppe van Holsbeke had claimed his Olympic spot in the men's sabre by finishing among the top four individuals at the European Zonal Qualifier in Prague, Czech Republic.
Field hockey
Summary
Men's tournament
Belgium men's field hockey team qualified for the Olympics by having achieved a top three finish at the second stop of the 2014–15 Men's FIH Hockey World League Semifinals. Only three nations qualified through this route, but India had already secured qualification as the continental champion after the team's success at the 2014 Asian Games, leaving the remaining teams to automatically receive the three quotas.
Team roster
Group play
Quarterfinal
Semifinal
Gold medal match
Golf
Belgium has entered three golfers into the Olympic tournament. Nicolas Colsaerts (world no. 124), Thomas Pieters (world no. 66), and Chloe Leurquin (world no. 402) qualified directly among the top 60 eligible players for their respective individual events based on the IGF World Rankings as of 11 July 2016.
Gymnastics
Artistic
Belgium has fielded a full squad of six artistic gymnasts (one man and five women) into the Olympic competition. The women's squad had claimed one of the remaining four spots in the team all-around for the first time since 1948, while an additional Olympic berth had been awarded to the Belgian male gymnast, who participated in the apparatus and all-around events at the Olympic Test Event in Rio de Janeiro. Lone male gymnast Dennis Goossens, along with the women's squad, were named to the Belgian roster for the Games on July 14, 2016.
Men
Women
Team
Individual finals
Judo
Belgium has qualified a total of five judokas for each of the following weight classes at the Games. Jasper Lefevere, Toma Nikiforov, London 2012 Olympians Joachim Bottieau and bronze medalist Charline van Snick, and two-time Olympian Dirk van Tichelt were ranked among the top 22 eligible judokas for men and top 14 for women in the IJF World Ranking List of May 30, 2016.
Rowing
Belgium has qualified one boat in the men's single sculls for the Olympics by virtue of his top three finish at the 2016 European & Final Qualification Regatta in Lucerne, Switzerland.
Qualification Legend: FA=Final A (medal); FB=Final B (non-medal); FC=Final C (non-medal); FD=Final D (non-medal); FE=Final E (non-medal); FF=Final F (non-medal); SA/B=Semifinals A/B; SC/D=Semifinals C/D; SE/F=Semifinals E/F; QF=Quarterfinals; R=Repechage
Sailing
Belgian sailors have qualified one boat in each of the following classes through the 2014 ISAF Sailing World Championships, the individual fleet Worlds, and Oceanian qualifying regattas. They also picked up a spare Olympic berth freed by Africa as the next highest-ranked eligible crew in the 49er class based on the results at the 2015 World Championships. The sailing crew, highlighted by London 2012 bronze medalist Evi van Acker, was named to the Olympic roster on June 2, 2016.
M = Medal race; EL = Eliminated – did not advance into the medal race
Shooting
Belgium has qualified one shooter in the men's trap by securing an available Olympic berth at the 2015 World Shotgun Championships in Lonato, Italy, as long as he obtained a minimum qualifying score (MQS) by March 31, 2016. The berth was awarded to rookie Maxime Mottet, as one of the nominated athletes from the second batch being named to the Olympic team.
Qualification Legend: Q = Qualify for the next round; q = Qualify for the bronze medal (shotgun)
Swimming
Belgian swimmers have so far achieved qualifying standards in the following events (up to a maximum of 2 swimmers in each event at the Olympic Qualifying Time (OQT), and potentially 1 at the Olympic Selection Time (OST)):
Men
Women
Taekwondo
Belgium entered three athletes into the taekwondo competition at the Olympics. Si Mohamed Ketbi and Jaouad Achab qualified automatically for their respective weight classes by finishing in the top 6 WTF Olympic rankings. Initially a member of the Refugee Olympic Athletes, Iranian-born Raheleh Asemani acquired a dual citizenship to compete internationally for Belgium at the Olympics by virtue of a top two finish in the women's lightweight category (57 kg) at the European Qualification Tournament in Istanbul, Turkey.
Tennis
Belgium has entered three tennis players (one man and two women) into the Olympic tournament. David Goffin (world no. 11), Kirsten Flipkens (world no. 61), and Yanina Wickmayer (world no. 50) qualified directly among the top 56 eligible players for their respective singles events based on the ATP and WTA World Rankings as of June 6, 2016.
Triathlon
Belgium has qualified four triathletes for each of the following events at the Olympics. Jelle Geens, Marten van Riel, Claire Michel, and Katrien Verstuyft were ranked among the top 40 eligible triathletes each in the men's and women's event, respectively, based on the ITU Olympic Qualification List as of May 15, 2016.
Weightlifting
Belgium has received an unused quota place from IWF to send a male weightlifter to the Olympics, as a response to the complete ban of the Russian weightlifting team from the Games due to "multiple positive" cases of doping.
See also
Belgium at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
References
External links
Olympics
2016
Nations at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Jani Haavisto (born 11 May 1987) is a Finnish former professional darts player.
Career
Haavisto won two events on the Professional Darts Corporation's Scandinavian Tour in 2012, finishing second in the Order of Merit to qualify for the 2013 PDC World Darts Championship. He defeated compatriot Jarkko Komula in the preliminary round, before being beaten 1–3 in sets by Gary Anderson in the first round, receiving praise for his high-scoring.
Haavisto entered Q School in an attempt to win a PDC Pro Tour Card to play the full circuit in 2013 and 2014, and secured it on the second day by beating Colin Fowler 6–4 in his final round match. He played in his first World Cup of Darts in February with Jarkko Komula and qualified from Group F courtesy of a 5–4 win over the USA and then shocked the Dutch pair of Raymond van Barneveld and Michael van Gerwen, both of whom had won major titles in 2012, with a 5–3 victory in the last 16. They then defeated the host nation Germany in the quarter-finals to face the Belgian brothers Ronny and Kim Huybrechts in the semi-finals. Haavisto lost to Kim 1–4, but Komula beat Ronny meaning a doubles match was required to settle the tie. However, they were whitewashed 0–4 to exit the tournament.
Haavisto won the first Scandinavian Tour event of 2013 in Finland beating Ulf Ceder 6–0 in the final. He also won the third event with a 6–3 victory over Per Laursen in the final. After four events he was top of the SDC Order of Merit which earned him a place in the European Championship for the first time. Haavisto faced Justin Pipe in the first round and was defeated 6–3. In the final of the Scandinavian qualifier for the 2014 World Championship, Haavisto was edged out 6–5 by Dennis Lindskjold. Haavisto and Komula squandered a 3–1 lead in the first round of the World Cup of Darts against Poland as they suffered a shock 5–4 defeat. Haavisto won twice on the 2014 Scandinavian Pro Tour to top the Order of Merit which earned him a place in the 2015 Darts Championship. He was beaten 4–1 in legs by John Michael in the preliminary round. Haavisto only played in one other event during the whole of 2015 and has not played in anything else since.
World Championship results
PDC
2013: First round (lost to Gary Anderson 1–3)
2015: Preliminary round (lost to John Michael 1–4 in legs)
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
Finnish darts players
Professional Darts Corporation former tour cardholders
Sportspeople from South Ostrobothnia
PDC World Cup of Darts Finnish team
Archana is a 1966 Indian Malayalam film, directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan and produced by T. E. Vasudevan. The film stars Madhu, Sharada, K. P. Ummer and Adoor Bhasi. The musical score is by K. Raghavan.
Cast
Madhu as Rajagopalan
Sharada as Malathi
K. P. Ummer as Gopi
Adoor Bhasi as Bhaskara Menon/Bhasi
Hari as Rajan's collegemate
Muthukulam Raghavan Pillai
Aranmula Ponnamma as Meenakshiyamma/Rajagopalan's Mother
Kumudam
Prathapachandran as Rajan's collegemate
Paul Vengola as Kainottakaran
Soundtrack
References
External links
1966 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan
Psammodrilidae is a family of polychaetes belonging to the order Spionida.
Genera:
Psammodrilus Swedmark, 1952
References
Polychaetes
Wilfred 'Omoe' Frederik Garden is a retired Surinamese footballer who played as a defender for SV Robinhood in the Hoofdklasse, and for the Suriname national team. Together with Remie Olmberg, he formed the heart of the defense for both Robinhood and for the national team. He played for over a decade during one of the club's most successful periods, having won six national titles and finishing as runners-up in the CONCACAF Champions Cup on three occasions as well. He also won the Surinamese Footballer of the Year award on two occasions.
Career
Garden began his career at the top flight in Suriname in 1969 playing for S.V. Robinhood in the Surinamese Hoofdklasse, playing with the likes of Theo Blaaker, Ewout Leefland and Remie Olmberg. Together with Olmberg, Garden would go on to form the heart of the defense for S.V. Robinhood, both defenders would go on to become the first choice center backs for the Suriname national team as well. In 1971, he helped Robinhood to win the national title, qualifying for the CONCACAF Champions' Cup, making it to the finals the following year, bowing out to Olimpia from Honduras 1–0 on aggregate score in the final.
Garden won his second national title with Robinhood in 1975, qualifying for the CONCACAF Champions' Cup once more. In 1976 Robinhood would go on to win consecutive national titles and Garden's third overall, while also making it to the 1976 CONCACAF Champions' Cup final once more. Robinhood finished second to Águila from El Salvador, losing 8–2 on aggregate score in the final. In 1977, he helped Robinhood to the 1977 CONCACAF Champions' Cup final for the second time in a row where they faced Club América from Mexico, losing 1–0 on aggregate score. It was Garden's third time in the finals of the competition, with his performance earning him the National Footballer of the Year award in both 1976 and 1979. His period with Robinhood is considered one of the best in the club's history.
International career
Garden played for the Suriname national team making his debut on 29 August 1976 in a 1978 FIFA World Cup qualifying match against Guyana. The match ended in a 3–0 win for Suriname. That year the national team managed to secure the CFU Championship, as well as an eighth-place finish in the finals of the 1977 CONCACAF Championship qualification. Garden has also played in the qualifying campaign for the 1980 Summer Olympics.
Honours
Club
S.V. Robinhood
SVB Hoofdklasse (6): 1971, 1975, 1976, 1979, 1980, 1981
CONCACAF Champions' Cup Runners-up (3): 1972, 1976, 1977
International
Suriname
CFU Championship (1): 1978
Individual
Surinamese Footballer of the Year (2): 1976, 1979
References
Living people
Sportspeople from Paramaribo
Surinamese footballers
Suriname international footballers
S.V. Robinhood players
SVB Eerste Divisie players
Year of birth missing (living people)
Association football defenders
DXAC (93.1 FM) - broadcasting as Q Radio 93.1 - is a commercial radio station owned by Mareco Broadcasting Network and operated by Horizon of the Sun Communications. The station's studio & transmitter are located along Broadcast Ave., Shrine Hills, Matina, Davao City.
The station was formerly located at F. Valrose Bldg. along C. M. Recto St. from its inception in 1998 to 2016, when it transferred to its current home in Shrine Hills. At the end of 2019, Horizon of the Sun Communications (producers of Chinatown TV) took over the operations of MBNI's stations. It was only on November 16, 2020, when all MBNI provincial stations started carrying the Q Radio brand and a CHR/Top 40 format, similar to its Manila flagship station.
References
Radio stations in Davao City
Contemporary hit radio stations in the Philippines
Radio stations established in 1998
is a private university in the town of Kōryō in Nara Prefecture, Japan. The predecessor of the school was founded in 1946, and it was chartered as a university in 2003. The university has undergraduate and graduate programs in health sciences and education, as well as an advanced course in midwifery.
References
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1946
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Nara Prefecture
1946 establishments in Japan
Fight For Japan: Genki Desu Ka Omisoka 2011, also known as Fight for Japan. How are you! New Year! 2011 was a mixed martial art, puroresu and kickboxing event in the annual New Year's Eve event promoted by FEG, M-1 Global and the Inoki Genome Federation that took place on December 31, 2011 at the Saitama Super Arena in Saitama, Japan.
Background
The event included bouts that encompassed the Dream, K-1 World MAX and IGF banners. The event aired live on HDNet in North America, SKY PerfecTV! in Japan, and also online through Nico Nico Douga.
The semi-finals and finals of Dream's World Bantamweight Grand Prix were held at this event.
The Nagashima/Kikuno mixed rules bout consisted of a three-minute first round under K-1 rules and a five-minute second round under Dram rules.
Kazushi Sakuraba was rumoured to be involved in a puroresu bout on this card.
Tim Sylvia was expected to face Brett Rogers at this event, however the bout was scrapped because Rogers was unable to obtain a visa to enter Japan.
Results
World Bantamweight Grand Prix 2011 Bracket
References
Dream (mixed martial arts) events
K-1 events
2011 in Japanese sport
2011 in kickboxing
2011 in mixed martial arts
Kickboxing in Japan
Sport in Saitama (city)
M-1 Global events
December 2011 sports events in Japan
Walter Karig (November 13, 1898 – September 30, 1956) was a prolific writer, who served as a US naval captain. Karig wrote a number of works on Allied naval operations during World War II. He also wrote scripts for the television series Victory at Sea. Besides his works on naval history, Karig was a novelist, publishing under his own name, and a journalist.
Early life and education
Walter Karig was born in New York, New York on November 13, 1898. He was the son of Martin and Elsie (Ellis) Karig. He received his early education in schools of New York City, and studied art at the New York School of Fine Arts and Ecole Julien in Paris, France.
Career
For the Stratemeyer Syndicate, Karig wrote volumes in the Perry Pierce series (2–4), Doris Force series (3–4), and Nancy Drew series (8–10). Karig did not seem to enjoy writing with the trio formula used by regular series ghostwriters. He brought back the chum Helen Corning from the earliest Nancy Drew books and featured her prolifically, while diminishing the roles of George Fayne and Bess Marvin. While one of the volumes features a detailed account of college football, his contributions to the series place a large emphasis on Nancy choosing clothing and describing articles she owns or purchases.
Karig revealed to catalogers at the Library of Congress he authored three Nancy Drew volumes, numbers 8, 9, 10, under the pseudonym of Carolyn Keene. This admission angered the series' "packager", the Stratemeyer Syndicate, who hid their ghostwriters behind syndicate-owned pen names. The publisher had no desire to reveal the true authorship of volumes in the various series. Stratemeyer's attorney threatened legal action against Karig for claiming authorship. Karig never again worked for the Stratemeyer Syndicate.
Karig wrote detective fiction under the name Keats Partick.
Among Karig's many novels is Zotz! (1947), a satirical story dealing with an archaeologist and linguist, Dr. John Jones. After deciphering an inscription on an ancient disk, Jones is imbued with deadly powers: Jones can merely point at an animal or human and they faint. If he utters the word "Zotz" while pointing his finger, the person or animal will die. Because the novel is set during World War II, there is a patriotic flavor to it. Also, much of the plot revolves around Jones' efforts to obtain an appointment to see President Franklin Roosevelt, with the hope that he can convince the President that the Allies can use his supernatural abilities to help the war effort. Karig wrote himself into the novel as a beleaguered naval officer working at a US Navy public information office, where dozens of people paraded by his desk daily trying to obtain appointments to meet with the "highest authority" in the United States government. Although Karig's novel is set in the then present, he manages to point out that humans have not changed much in millennia. Technology may have improved, but humans still have a strong desire to destroy and to kill. Thus Karig manages to blend a satire on wartime Washington D.C. bureaucracy with ethical questions related to the advent of the nuclear war.
The novel's name was inspired by Karig's meeting with a member of the Zotz family:
After Karig's death, director William Castle released a film version of Zotz! in 1962. The cast includes actors Tom Poston, Jim Backus, Margaret Dumont, Cecil Kellaway, and Louis Nye. The film deviates from Karig's authorial intents and becomes a vehicle for clever special effects.
Walter Karig died in Bethesda, Maryland, on September 30, 1956.
Books written
Series
Battle Report (collaboration)
Battle Report – Pearl Harbor to the Coral Sea (1944)
Battle Report – The Atlantic War (1946)
Battle Report – Pacific War: Middle Phase (1947)
Battle Report – The End of an Empire (1948)
Battle Report – Victory in the Pacific (1949)
Battle Report – The war in Korea (1952)
Nancy Drew (as Carolyn Keene)
Nancy's Mysterious Letter (1932)
The Sign of the Twisted Candles (1933)
The Password to Larkspur Lane (1933)
Doris Force (as Julia K. Duncan)
Doris Force at Raven Rock (1931)
Doris Force at Barry Manor (1931)
Perry Pierce (as Clinton W. Locke)
Who Opened the Safe? (1931)
Who Hid the Key? (1932)
Who Took the Papers? (1934)
Non-fiction
Asia's Good Neighbor (1937)
War in the Atomic Age? (1946)
The Fortunate Islands: A Pacific Interlude (1948)
Battle Submerged: Submarine Fighters of World War II (1951) in collaboration with Rear Admiral Harley Cope USN.
Detective fiction (as Keats Patrick)
Death is a Tory (1935)
The Pool of Death (1942)
Novels
Lower Than Angels (1945)
Zotz! (1947)
Caroline Hicks (1951)
Neely (1953)
Don't Tread On Me (1954)
See also
Nancy's Mysterious Letter
References
External links
U.S. Navy History and Heritage Command page on Walter Karig
Page on Nancy Drew series and Karig's involvement in writing for the series
Photograph of Walter Karig at the Truman Presidential Library
Page describing Library of Congress catalogers' confusion over authorship of Nancy Drew novels and Walter Karig's involvement
Review of Lower Than Angels book at Kirkus Review
Review of Zotz! movie at the New York Times (Very bottom of the page.)
Listing in Worldcat.org of Karig's books and links to libraries that have copies of them
Walter Karig (1898–1956) Arlington National Cemetery
1898 births
1956 deaths
United States Navy personnel of World War II
20th-century American novelists
American military writers
Stratemeyer Syndicate
American male novelists
20th-century American male writers
20th-century American non-fiction writers
American male non-fiction writers
United States Navy captains
Daniel Barrett (born 25 September 1980 in Bradford, England) is a former footballer who played in The Football League for Chesterfield.
References
English footballers
Chesterfield F.C. players
English Football League players
1980 births
Living people
Association football defenders
Stafford Rangers F.C. players
Matlock Town F.C. players
Freddie Prosser (July 28, 1938 - July 26, 1974) was a Canadian professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Freddie Sweetan. He competed in certain North American regional promotions including the National Wrestling Alliance as well as Grand Prix Wrestling, Maple Leaf Wrestling and Stampede Wrestling during the 1960s and 1970s, most notably teaming with Paul Peller as the masked tag team The Butchers.
Professional wrestling career
Early career
Born in Shenstone, a small village in Albert County, New Brunswick, Prosser met 7-year veteran Paul Peller who persuaded him to enter professional wrestling. Training under Emile Dupree in Shediac, he eventually made his debut in 1968 teaming with Peller in Stu Hart's Stampede Wrestling as The Butchers. During their time in the promotion, they proved a popular tag team headlining sold out events in Calgary and Edmonton four weeks straight, which included matches against football player Bob Luce and Emile Dupre.
The following year, he and Peller joined Dupre, Leo Burke and others to tour the Maritimes with Grand Prix Wrestling during the summer before returning to Calgary by the end of the year. Wrestling under the name Freddie Sweetan, Prosser teamed with Stampede Wrestling veteran "Bruiser" Bob Sweetan and eventually won the Stampede Wrestling Tag Team Championship before losing the titles to Bud & Ray Osborne in Calgary, Alberta on April 18, 1969. He and Peller would later win the titles the following year.
National Wrestling Alliance
In part to an agreement with Sweetan and Leo Burke, Prosser and Sweetan( being the same person) began wrestling in the Kansas City-area as Killer Kox and K.O. Kox with Bob Geigel's NWA Central States. Feuding with Bob Geigel & The Stomper over the NWA Central States North American Tag Team titles, he later faced Geigel in a single match the following year on November 5, 1970.
While in the United States, he would also team with fellow Canadians The Beast in the Amarillo area and Michel "Le Justice" Dubois in the Mid-Atlantic region who together faced Terry & Bobby Kay, George & Sandy Scott, Big Boy Brown & Klondike Bill, Les Thatcher & Nelson Royal and, most notably The Royal Kangaroos whom they had a five-week feud with in 1973. During their time in the Carolinas, they would also face J. J. Dillon in Greensboro, North Carolina in 1972.
Return to Canada and later career
Returning to the Maritimes during the summer months, he also had a successful run with Eric Pomeroy feuding with The Beast, who enlisted Rudy Kay and Leo Burke, fighting over the ESA International Tag Team Championship throughout the early 1970s. He and The Beast would also engage in several single matches as well. He and Pomeroy would win the ESA International Tag Team titles three times before losing the titles to The Beast & Rudy Kay in Halifax, Nova Scotia on October 12, 1971. He would later team with a number of tag team partners including Kurt Von Steiger, Mr. X and J. J. Dillon defeating The Beast & Bobby Kay in September 1973.
Losing single matches to Jacques Rougeau and Johnny Valentine at the Maple Leaf Gardens in February 1974, the titles were later vacated when Dillon did not return to the promotion the following summer. However, he and Michel Dubois would reunite to regain the titles defeating The Beast & Bobby Kay in July 1974.
That same year, while visiting with Prosser and Pomeroy in their motor home, Prosser's father told Pomeroy that he was going to return to his house and commit suicide. After he had left, Pomeroy and Prosser returned to his house to find several Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) officers were already at the scene where they informed the two Prosser's father had killed himself with a shotgun from the house.
Death
After wrestling his last match in Saint John, New Brunswick, he held a party to celebrate his 36th birthday at his summer cabin at MacFarlane Bridge, 15 miles southeast of Moncton. Although it is unknown what happened during the hours after his friends had left the party, sometime during the night a fire broke out in the cabin resulting in Prosser's death. An investigation by the RCMP concluded that Prosser, whose body had been found near the front door, had been trapped in the cabin during the fire and died of smoke inhalation. The official cause of the fire was stated to have been accidental, and was most likely caused by Prosser having fallen asleep with a lit cigar in his hand.
However, wrestlers such as Emile Dupree have stated they believe the fire may have been started by a charcoal barbecue. Known to remain hot long after use, the grill may have caused the fire. This theory was supported by news reports and, according to one news account, officials had "declined to reveal circumstances surrounding the blaze" although an autopsy was performed at a local Moncton hospital.
Pomeroy, who had been unable to attend the party due to a prior commitment in Moncton, was asked by Prosser's mother to take over the funeral service. Prosser would later be cremated and buried alongside his father.
Championships and accomplishments
Central States Wrestling
NWA North American Tag Team Championship (Central States version) (2 times) - with Bob Sweetan
Eastern Sports Association
ESA International Tag Team Championship (7 times) - with Eric Pomeroy (2), Michel Dubois (2), Kurt von Steiger (1), Mr. X (1) and J. J. Dillon (1)
Stampede Wrestling
NWA International Tag Team Championship (Calgary version) (1 time) - with Bob Sweetan
See also
List of premature professional wrestling deaths
References
External links
Profile at Online World of Wrestling
CageMatch.de - Freddie Sweetan
1938 births
1974 deaths
Canadian male professional wrestlers
Deaths by smoke inhalation
People from Albert County, New Brunswick
Professional wrestlers from New Brunswick
Stampede Wrestling alumni
Stampede Wrestling International Tag Team Champions
20th-century professional wrestlers
Mathias Spihler (c. 1640 – February 1691) was a Swedish architect and master builder of German descent.
Biography
Spihler was born at Södermalm in Stockholm, Sweden.
He aided Jean de la Vallée in the design and construction of Katarina Kyrka (Catherine Church) as technical superintendent at the church in 1671. Spihler also built the Van der Nootska Palace between 1671 and 1672.
In the latter half of the 17th century, Marshal of the Realm of Sweden Johan Gabriel Stenbock (1640-1705) brought the Sjööe state in the parish of Holm in Enköping. Together with Mathias Spieler and architect Nicodemus Tessin the Elder (1615-1681), Stenbock built Sjöö Castle on his estate. The construction work lasted from 1669 until 1679 resulting in the shape and form in which it is today. Sjöö Castle Palace with its park is considered one of the most beautiful in Sweden, with its perfect and harmonious proportions.
Spieler was married to Margaret de la Vallée, daughter of Jean de la Vallée. Spieler died in Stockholm. He is buried in Kungsholms kyrka (Ulrika Eleonora Church) which he built in 1672.
References
Swedish architects
1640s births
1691 deaths
Artists from Stockholm
Swedish people of German descent
Plocama tinctoria is a species of flowering plant in the family Rubiaceae. It is endemic to northern Somalia and the Socotra archipelago of Yemen. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests. It is listed by the IUCN as a threatened species (category The Least Concern) under the basionym Gaillonia tinctoria.
References
External links
World Checklist of Rubiaceae
Flora of Socotra
tinctoria
Least concern plants
Flora of Somalia
Taxa named by Isaac Bayley Balfour
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Rand Peak () is a prominent peak (1510 m) in the south part of Nebraska Peaks, Britannia Range. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) after John H. Rand, U.S. Army Cold Regions Research and Engineering Laboratory (CRREL), who drilled ice core at site J-11 (82?22'S, 168?40'W) during the Ross Ice Shelf Project, austral summers 1974-75 and 1976–77.
Mountains of Oates Land
Toad Lake may refer to:
Toad Lake (Minnesota)
Toad Lake (Washington)
Toad Lake Township, Becker County, Minnesota
Koné is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Antoine Koné, (1963–2019), Ivorian Roman Catholic prelate
Arouna Koné, (born 1983), Ivorian footballer
Bakari Koné, (born 1981), Ivorian footballer
Bakary Koné, (born 1988), Burkinabé footballer
Emmanuel Koné, (born 1986), Ivorian footballer
Ibrahima Koné, list of notable people with the name
Koro Issa Ahmed Koné, (born 1989), Ivorian footballer
Lamine Koné, (born 1989), Ivorian footballer
Malamine Koné (born 1971), Malian and French entrepreneur
Yssouf Koné, (born 1982), Burkinabé footballer
Agrococcus casei is a Gram-positive bacterium from the genus Agrococcus which has been isolated from the surfaces of smear-ripened cheese.
References
Microbacteriaceae
Bacteria described in 2007
Fonds Coislin () is a collection (or fonds) of Greek manuscripts acquired by Pierre Séguier, but named after Henri-Charles de Coislin, its second owner. It is now held in the National Library of France, as one of three fonds of Greek manuscripts: fonds grec, fonds Coislin, and supplément grec.
History of collection
The majority of these manuscripts were collected between 1643 and 1653, by Père Athanase the Rhetor, who bought them for Pierre Séguier (1588–1672), chancellor of France from 1635. Athanase bought the manuscripts in Cyprus, Constantinople, Mount Athos, and in other territories bordering the northern and western Aegean.
The collection contains almost 400 manuscripts. Athanase collected more than 300 manuscripts (probably 358) personally. After Séguier's death, all this collection was inherited by his grandson, Henri-Charles de Coislin (1664–1732), bishop of Metz. He gave it to the Benedictine monks of Saint-Germain-des-Prés in Paris.
The first catalogue of this collection, the Coislin catalogue, was made in 1715, in which 42 manuscripts were described (Bernard de Montfaucon, Bibliotheca Coisliniana olim Segueriana, Paris: Ludovicus Guerin & Carolus Robustel, 1715). A large part of the collection was burned in 1793, and in 1795 Fonds Coislin was deposited in the National Library of France, where it has been held until the present day. A few manuscripts, bought by Russians in time of Catherine II, now are held at Saint Petersburg, (s.v. Dubrowski).
One of the best known manuscripts of the collection is the fragmentary uncial Codex Coislinianus. The collection also includes Minuscule 35 (Coislin 199), now considered to be one of the best witness of the Byzantine text-type, and the basis for The Gospel According to John in the Byzantine Tradition (Deutsche Bibelgesellschaft, Stuttgart 2007). The collection also includes further witnesses to the text of the New Testament, as well as to the Septuagint, Josephus, and other ancient, and medieval authors.
Some manuscripts
Coislinianus 20 — Gospels (Gregory-Aland 36)
Coislinianus 24 — Gospel of Matthew and Mark (Gregory-Aland 41)
Coislinianus 26 — Acts of Apostles, Pauline epistles (Gregory-Aland 056)
Coislinianus 131 — part of Pseudo-Josephus report on Jesus Christus and early Christianity
Coislinianus 149 — Diodorus Siculus
Coislinianus 199 — (Gregory-Aland 35)
Coislinianus 200 — Gospels (Gregory-Aland 38)
Coislinianus 305 — Chronicon of George Hamartolus (with fragments of Papias)
Coislinianus 311 — Alexiad
Coislinianus 345 — Codex Unicus of the Homeric lexicographer Apollonius the Sophist
Coislinianus 386 — On the Soul
Coislinianus 387 — manuscript of Iliad
References
Bibliography
Abstract.
External links
:de:Athanasios Rhetor
Henri-Charles de Coislin (1665-1732)
Le fonds Coislin
Manuscripts
The 1974 Hounslow Council election took place on 2 May 1974 to elect members of Hounslow London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Labour party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1974
1974 London Borough council elections
Passionate People () is a 2002 Argentine romantic comedy film directed by Juan José Jusid, starring Pablo Echarri, Nancy Dupláa and Natalia Verbeke.
Plot summary
Uma (Natalia Verbeke) lives in the city of Buenos Aires with her friend Roberto, who happens to be homosexual. She works as a flight attendant, and her job lets her travel all around the world and live an independent life without commitments. But she has a dream to fulfill: to be a mother. Since she can't find the perfect man, thanks to her job, she decides to look for a sperm donor in different parts of the world, but what she is looking for her child's father can't be found anywhere in the sperm banks. After being desperate and tired of not being able to complete her goal, she decides to look for the perfect man that has all the requirements she wants in a father, to leave her pregnant.
Lucía (Nancy Dupláa) is Uma's best friend, divorced with a daughter called Violeta, and is always willing to give Uma a hand in whatever she needs. She manages a travel agency, in which a guide called Nico (Pablo Echarri) works, and is Lucía's future husband. Nico is what every woman wants; handsome, intelligent, a good person and loves kids. All these characteristics make Uma choose him as the donor. But there is a complication, asking Lucía if she can borrow her boyfriend, to accomplish her dream.
When Uma convinces Lucía, she agrees and then tells Nico, which after thinking about it agrees as well. Considering it as "simple donation" in which each person would later follow their own lives. But this simple transaction will bring problems after Uma gets pregnant, and the feelings that no one was waiting for appear, transforming the lives of each of the characters.
External links
Apasionados Official Website
2002 films
2000s Spanish-language films
2002 romantic comedy films
Films set in Argentina
Films scored by Federico Jusid
Argentine romantic comedy films
2000s Argentine films
Asaph the Jew ( Assaf HaYehudi), also known as Asaph ben Berechiah and Asaph the Physician ( Asaph HaRofe) is a figure mentioned in the ancient Jewish medical text the Sefer Refuot (lit. “Book of Medicines”). Thought by some to have been a Byzantine Jew and the earliest known Hebrew medical writer, he is however a rather uncertain figure who some have suggested is identifiable with the legendary mystical vizier Asif ibn Barkhiya of Arabian folklore, associated with King Solomon. Scholars in favor of Asaph's historicity suggest that he might have lived somewhere between the 3rd and 7th Centuries CE, possibly in Byzantine Palaestina or Mesopotamia. However, the text itself from which Asaph is known seems to place him between Hippocrates and Pedanius Dioscorides, which if chronological would imply that he might have been thought to have been between the 5th Century BCE and 1st Century CE, though this is very uncertain. The Sefer Refuot, the only known historical Jewish text to mention Asaph (and which he may have written or contributed to), is the earliest known Hebrew medical work, and thus of great historical significance. The "Oath of Asaph" found in the text resembles the Hippocratic Oath and was taken by medical students at their graduation.
The Yitzhak Shamir Medical Center of Israel was named after him until 2017.
References
Jewish physicians of the Byzantine Empire
Classical humanists
Hebrew medicine
Medieval Jewish writers
In computing on Microsoft platforms, WoW64 (Windows 32-bit on Windows 64-bit) is a subsystem of the Windows operating system capable of running 32-bit applications on 64-bit Windows. It is included in all 64-bit versions of Windows—including Windows XP Professional x64 Edition, IA-64 and x64 versions of Windows Server 2003, as well as x64 versions of Windows Vista, Windows Server 2008, Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows Server 2012, Windows 8.1, Windows 10, Windows Server 2016, Windows Server 2019, and Windows 11, as well as ARM64 versions of Windows 10, Windows 11 and Windows Server 2022, except in Windows Server Server Core where it is an optional component, and Windows Nano Server where it is not included. WoW64 aims to take care of many of the differences between 32-bit Windows and 64-bit Windows, particularly involving structural changes to Windows itself.
Translation libraries
The WoW64 subsystem comprises a lightweight compatibility layer that has similar interfaces on all 64-bit versions of Windows. It aims to create a 32-bit environment that provides the interfaces required to run unmodified 32-bit Windows applications on a 64-bit system. WOW64 is implemented using several DLLs, some of which include:
Wow64.dll, the core interface to the Windows NT kernel that translates (thunks) between 32-bit and 64-bit calls, including pointer and call stack manipulations
Wow64win.dll, which provides the appropriate entry-points for 32-bit applications (win32k thunks)
Wow64cpu.dll, which takes care of switching the processor from 32-bit to 64-bit mode. This is used in x86-64 implementations of Windows only.
Other DLLs and binaries are included for Itanium and ARMv8 64-bit architectures to provide emulation to x86 or for 32-bit entry points if the architecture has a native 32-bit operating mode.
Architectures
Despite its outwardly similar appearance on all versions of 64-bit Windows, WoW64's implementation varies depending on the target instruction set architecture. For example, the version of 64-bit Windows developed for the Intel Itanium 2 processor (known as the IA-64 architecture) uses Wow64win.dll to set up the emulation of x86 instructions within the Itanium 2's unique instruction set. This emulation is a much more computationally expensive task than the Wow64win.dll's functions on the x86-64 architecture, which switches the processor hardware from its 64-bit mode to compatibility mode when it becomes necessary to execute a 32-bit thread, and then handles the switch back to 64-bit mode.
Registry and file system
The WoW64 subsystem also handles other key aspects of running 32-bit applications. It is involved in managing the interaction of 32-bit applications with the Windows components such as the Registry, which has distinct keys for 64-bit and 32-bit applications. For example, HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\Software\Wow6432Node is the 32-bit equivalent of HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\Software (although 32-bit applications are not aware of this redirection). Some Registry keys are mapped from 64-bit to their 32-bit equivalents, while others have their contents mirrored, depending on the edition of Windows.
The operating system uses the %SystemRoot%\system32 directory for its 64-bit library and executable files. This is done for backward compatibility reasons, as many legacy applications are hardcoded to use that path. When executing 32-bit applications, WoW64 transparently redirects 32-bit DLLs to %SystemRoot%\SysWoW64, which contains 32-bit libraries and executables. Exceptions from these redirects are
%SystemRoot%\system32\catroot
%SystemRoot%\system32\catroot2
%SystemRoot%\system32\driverstore (redirected only for Windows Server 2008, Windows Vista, Windows Server 2003 and Windows XP)
%SystemRoot%\system32\drivers\etc
%SystemRoot%\system32\logfiles
%SystemRoot%\system32\spool
32-bit applications are generally not aware that they are running on a 64-bit operating system. 32-bit applications can access %SystemRoot%\System32 through the pseudo directory %SystemRoot%\sysnative.
There are two Program Files directories each visible to both 32-bit and 64-bit applications. The directory that stores the 32 bit files is called Program Files (x86) to differentiate between the two, while the 64 bit maintains the traditional Program Files name without any additional qualifier.
Application compatibility
32-bit applications that include only 32-bit kernel-mode device drivers, or that plug into the process space of components that are implemented purely as 64-bit processes (e.g. Windows Explorer) cannot be executed on a 64-bit platform.
32-bit service applications are supported. The SysWOW64 folder located in the Windows folder on the OS drive contains several applications to support 32-bit applications (e.g. cmd.exe, odbcad32.exe, to register ODBC connections for 32-bit applications). 16-bit legacy applications for MS-DOS and early versions of Windows are usually incompatible with 64-bit versions of Windows Vista, 7, 8, and 10, but can be run on a 64-bit Windows OS via virtualization software. 32-bit versions of Windows XP, Vista, 7, 8, and 10 on the other hand, can usually run 16-bit applications with few to no problems. 16-bit applications cannot be directly run under x64 editions of Windows, because the CPU does not support VM86 mode when running in x64.
Internet Explorer is implemented as both a 32-bit and a 64-bit application because of the large number of 32-bit ActiveX components on the Internet that would not be able to plug into the 64-bit version.
Previously, the 32-bit version was used by-default and it was difficult to set the 64-bit version to be the default browser. This changed in Internet Explorer 10, which ran 32-bit add-ons inside a 64-bit session, eliminating the need to switch between the two versions. If a user was to go into the 32-bit folder (typically C:\Program Files (x86)\Internet Explorer) and double-click the iexplore.exe file there, the 64-bit version will still load. In Internet Explorer 9 and previous, this would load only the 32-bit version.
, a bug in the translation layer of the x64 version of WoW64 also renders all 32-bit applications that rely on the Windows API function GetThreadContext incompatible. Such applications include application debuggers, call stack tracers (e.g. IDEs displaying call stack) and applications that use garbage collection (GC) engines. One of the more widely used but affected GC engines is the Boehm GC. It is also used as the default garbage collector of the equally popular Mono. While Mono has introduced a new (but optional) GC as of October 2010 called SGen-GC, it performs stack scanning in the same manner as Boehm GC, thus also making it incompatible under WoW64. No fix has been provided as of July 2016, although workarounds have been suggested.
Performance
According to Microsoft, 32-bit software running under WOW64 has similar performance to executing under 32-bit Windows, but with fewer threads possible and other overheads.
A 32-bit application can be given a full 4 gigabytes of virtual memory on a 64-bit system, whereas on a 32-bit system, some of this addressable memory is lost because it is used by the kernel and memory-mapped peripherals such as the display adaptor, typically resulting in apps being able to use either 2GB or 3GB of RAM at most.
See also
Shim (computing)
User Account Control also has a mechanism for dealing with "older" programs that write files to specific areas, on "newer" windows. Files written from a process without administrator privileges to protected locations, such as Program Files and windows\system32, will be redirected to a virtual store directory.
Windows on Windows
References
External links
MSDN page on running 32 bit apps on 64-bit Windows
Windows NT architecture
Compatibility layers
2001 software
The 1928–29 Hong Kong First Division League season was the 21st since its establishment.
League table
Championship Playoff
Championship Playoff (replay)
References
1928–29 Hong Kong First Division table (RSSSF)
香港倒後鏡blog
1928–29 domestic association football leagues
Hong Kong First Division League seasons
3
Josep Pons may refer to:
Josep Maria Pons Irazazábal (born 1948), Spanish diplomat; brother of Félix Pons
Josep Pons (born 1957), Spanish orchestra conductor
Josep Pons Rosell (1918–2013), Spanish physical anthropologist and professor
Robert Enrique Muller (September 1881 – 1921) sometimes credited as Enrique Muller, Jr. and as E. Muller, was an official photographer for the United States Navy, and an author. He took photos of military ships in action.
Biography
He was born in New York City in September 1881 or 1882 to photographer Enrique Muller and his wife, Mary. His father had worked in the post office in Kiel in Germany, and migrated to the United States and lived New York City. Father, Enrique Muller and his two children, Robert and Theodore operated a photographic studio in New York City. The family lived in Brooklyn, New York City in 1900. He photographed the 1901 America's Cup and sent copies of his photographs to Wilhelm II, German Emperor. The Kaiser thanked the photographer, by sending him a pair of gold cufflinks.
Robert married Caroline around 1912 and they had two children, Virginia C. Muller and Robert T. Muller. In 1912 he published Battleships of the U.S. Navy, and in 1913 Risks of Photographing Battle-Ships in Action.
He was declared bankrupt on December 23, 1915 by the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York.
In 1917 he published The United States Navy. By 1920 they had moved to Los Angeles, California. He died in 1921.
Works
The United States Navy (1917)
Risks of Photographing Battle-Ships in Action (1913)
Battleships of the U.S. Navy (1912)
References
20th-century American photographers
1881 births
1921 deaths
American people of German descent
William Roy (1911-1977) was the pseudonym of William George Holroyd Plowright, a notorious fraudulent medium in the history of British spiritualism.
Biography
Roy was born in Cobham, Surrey. He married Mary Castle, a nightclub owner, in London when he was seventeen years old. During the 1930s, his wife died and he remarried. He set up in business as a spiritualist medium. Roy's second wife, Dorothy, committed suicide. Three weeks after her death, Roy married Mary Rose Halligan. Roy had rich clients and lived in expensive style. He separated from his third wife in 1956.
Several small biographies have been written about Roy, these appear in Egon Larsen (1966), Simeon Edmunds (1966) and Melvin Harris (2003).
Fraud
Roy used technical devices for his fraudulent mediumship and employed hidden accomplices. He concealed a microphone and recorded the conversations of the sitters before his séances. Roy was exposed as a fraud in 1955. According to Lewis Spence:
When people wrote to ask if they could attend his séances, Roy researched at the registry of births, deaths, and marriages in order to obtain detailed information about their relatives. When they visited his house for a sitting, they would be asked to leave their bags and coats outside the séance room. These were searched by a confederate for letters, tickets, bills, or other scraps of personal information. All the facts concerning sitters were recorded in a detailed card index system, and cleverly worked into Roy's "psychic" messages during séances.
His "direct voice" mediumship was a clever microphone relaying technique. The "spirit" voices were made in an adjoining room by his accomplice who spoke into a microphone or played tape recordings. The wires from the microphone ran through the wall and under the carpet of the séance room and attached to a hearing aid on Roy's wrist. The hearing aid had been adapted into a miniature speaker.
In 1958, Roy published his confessions on how he had tricked his séance sitters and issued photographs of the trick-apparatus that he had used in the Sunday Pictorial newspaper. These appeared in five installments, titled "A Shocking Confession of How William Roy Cheated His Way to Fame as a Spiritualist Medium".
He admitted that he had earned over £50,000 from his séance sitters. Despite his confessions Roy continued to operate as a fake medium under the name "Bill Silver" until his death.
Roy's apparatus for his fraudulent mediumship is now contained at Scotland Yard, in a museum at the Metropolitan Police Detective Training School.
References
Further reading
M. Lamar Keene. (1997). The Psychic Mafia. Prometheus Books.
Egon Larsen. (1966). The Deceivers: Lives of the Great Imposters. John Baker Publishers Ltd.
1911 births
1977 deaths
English fraudsters
English spiritual mediums
20th-century English businesspeople
Eilema virgineola is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae. It is found in South Africa.
References
Endemic moths of South Africa
Moths described in 1900
virgineola
Desmodoridae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Desmodorida.
Genera
Genera:
Acanthopharyngoides Chitwood, 1936
Acanthopharynx Marion, 1870
Adelphos Ott, 1997
References
Nematodes
The 2020 Spa-Francorchamps FIA Formula 3 round was a motor racing event held on 29 and 30 August 2020 at the Circuit de Spa-Francorchamps in Stavelot, Belgium. It was the seventh round of the 2020 FIA Formula 3 Championship, and ran in support of the 2020 Belgian Grand Prix.
Entries
Max Fewtrell left Hitech Grand Prix after the Barcelona round. He was replaced by Frenchman and series rookie Pierre-Louis Chovet. At Carlin Buzz Racing, David Schumacher was hired as a full-time driver, leaving Charouz Racing System to replace the German with Michael Belov. Finally, Sophia Flörsch could not attend the Spa round due to her commitments in the European Le Mans Series, and was replaced by Euroformula Open driver Andreas Estner at Campos.
Classification
Qualifying
The Qualifying session took place on 28 August 2020, with Lirim Zendeli scoring pole position.
Feature Race
Sprint Race
Notes：
- Dennis Hauger originally finished 18th, but was given a five-second time penalty for causing a collision with Calan Williams.
- Michael Belov was given a five-second time penalty for causing a collision with Federico Malvestiti.
- Federico Malvestiti was given a ten-second time penalty for causing a collision with Cameron Das.
Standings after the event
Drivers' Championship standings
Teams' Championship standings
Note: Only the top five positions are included for both sets of standings.
See also
2020 Belgian Grand Prix
2020 Spa-Francorchamps Formula 2 round
References
External links
Official website
|- style="text-align:center"
|width="35%"|Previous race:
|width="30%"|FIA Formula 3 Championship2020 season
|width="40%"|Next race:
Spa-Francorchamps
2020 in Belgian motorsport
William V. Mayer (March 25, 1920 – June 30, 1989) was an American educator.
Career
He got his A.B. in zoology from the University of California and his Ph.D. in biology at Stanford University.
During his long teaching career he taught at Stanford University University, Wayne State University, the University of Southern California, and the University of Colorado, Boulder. He was a member of the National Association of Biology Teachers (NABT) from 1966 to 1989 and served as its president in 1967.
Mayer's central interest was education reform and he worked for national coordination of goals in the teaching of biology. From 1965 to 1982 he was director of the Biological Sciences Curriculum Study (BSCS). While at BSCS he frequently clashed with creationists in his campaign to promote excellence and integrity in science education. In 1981 he served as a consultant and witness in the landmark Arkansas creation case McLean v. Arkansas.
Mayer was a member of The Committee for Skeptical Inquiry (CSI), and in April 2011 CSI honored him by including him in its newly created Pantheon of Skeptics.
He was the editor of Bookwatch Reviews published by the National Center for Science Education.
Works
1973: The Vicious Circle Journal of Biological Education, vol 7, issue 5, 1973, pp. 29–32
1978: Biology teacher's handbook Biological Sciences Curriculum Study, Wiley, October, 1978,
1985: Biological Science: A Molecular Approach by William V. Mayer, Don E. Meyer & Richard R. Tolman, D C Heath & Co, November 1985,
1988: Reading beyond the textbook: Great books of biology, with Jack L. Carter, BioScience, vol 38, no 7, August 1, 1988, pp. 490–492,
References
20th-century American educators
University of California alumni
Stanford University alumni
University of Southern California faculty
Stanford University faculty
Wayne State University faculty
University of Colorado Boulder faculty
1920 births
1989 deaths
Kosamkheda (कोसमखेड़ा) is a village in Kareli Tehsil, located in the Narsinghpur District of Madhya Pradesh State, India. It is part of Jabalpur Division.
Kosamkheda is situated near Satpura mountain, which is 10 km away. Kosamkheda's sun rise time varies 13 minutes from IST.
Kosamkheda is a farming based village. Almost all of the people who live there do farming for a living. Most of the business in the village is the product of raw food, vegetables, fruits, oil-seed, and milk products (milk, khowa, butter and buttermilk).
Facilities
Education
Government primary school (GPS)
Kosamkheda has only one primary school. It was established in 1954. The lowest class is first grade and the highest class in the school is fifth.
Government middle school (GMS)
Kosamkheda school was recognized by the Department of Education in 1961. The school is upper primary only. The lowest grade is 6th and the highest grade in the school is 8th.
Health services
The village contains one sub-health center, one private dispensary and one animal health center.
Water
In Kosamkheda village all houses are connected with water pipelines. The village also contains over 20 hand pumps for drinking water. For farming, the village contains wells, tube wells, canals and a dam. There is also a water tank which was established in 2004.
In Kosamkheda Gram Panchayat, the number of hand pumps is 63.
Electricity
Electricity was brought to the village in 1975.
Culture
The majority of the population in Kosamkheda are Hindus. The official language of Kosamkheda is Hindi. In addition, a local language known as Narsinghpuria is popular in the village.
Transport
Railway stations
There is no railway station near to Kosamkheda in less than 10 km. The below stations are commonly used by villages living there.
Airports
References
External links
kosamkheda.com
Villages in Narsinghpur district
The Crux of the Biscuit is a compilation album by American musician Frank Zappa, released in July 2016, originally intended to celebrate the 40th anniversary of his album Apostrophe ('). It is the fourth project in a series of 40th Anniversary FZ Audio Documentaries, following MOFO (2006), Lumpy Money (2009) and Greasy Love Songs (2010). The name is based on the same lyric from "Stink-Foot" that Apostrophe (') is based on—"the crux of the biscuit is the apostrophe."
Track listing
References
Frank Zappa compilation albums
2016 compilation albums
The Puerto Deseado and Colonia Las Heras Railway (native name: "Ferrocarril Puerto Deseado a Colonia Las Heras") was a State-owned railway company that ran between the cities of Puerto Deseado to Colonia Las Heras in Santa Cruz Province. The 283-km broad gauge railway was established with the intention of encouraging settlement in Patagonia, which was sparsely populated at that point. The railway also contributed to the commercialisation of wool in the region.
The railway was considered the southernmost passenger railway in the world, due to other lines of the region focusing on exploitation and transport of natural resources (such as the Comodoro Rivadavia Railway did with petroleum) rather than operating passenger services.
History
Background
The construction of the line was promulgated by Law N° 5559 in 1908, during José Figueroa Alcorta's presidency.
Lines to be built were as follows:
Puerto San Antonio (Rio Negro) to Nahuel Huapi lake;
Puerto Deseado to link with line to Nahuel Huapi, with a branch to Comodoro Rivadavia that crossed Colonia Sarmiento. Other branches to Buenos Aires were also included in the project.
The ambitious project planned to build a railway that crossed Patagonia to the northwest, then joining with the San Antonio Oeste-Bariloche line. Nevertheless, the line was not extended. Some versions stated that the railway was not expanded due to British settlers' interests in preserving the Patagonia region only for sheep farming. Other versions stated that livestock company "La Argentina Southern Land Company" refused the construction of a line when they realised the poor quality of the land, which would be used to finance the construction.
Other reasons for the cancellation of the project were the crisis caused by the World War I and some politicians that questioned the National Government's designation of funds for southern enterprises instead of sending them to the Pampa region, as well as the death of Roque Sáenz Peña in 1914.
Development
Construction began in Puerto Deseado in May 1909, with works being led by engineer Juan Briano. At the end of 1911 trains began to run up to Pico Truncado, the first terminus of the line. During its first year of service, the PD&CLHR carried 1,235 people and 1,950 tons of cargo. By 1912 they had increased to 2,370 and 4,208 respectively.
In 1912 the railway reached Las Heras, which would be its definitive terminus. Nevertheless, the National Government decided to reduce the amount of money sent to the line. In spite of the requests by regional neighborhoods demanding a longer railway line, it never happened. Besides, the route chosen for the railway was criticised due to it ran parallel to the sea, adversely competing against the ports of Caleta Olivia, Cabo Blanco and Mazaredo because of the lower costs to transport wool by sea.
One of the last proposals to extend the line came in 1927 when deputy Guillermo Fonrouge suggested building a branch to connect Holdich station with Las Heras, also joining the Comodoro Rivadavia Railway. Nevertheless, the initiative did not come to fruition. Years later, Holldich became a ghost town. The last attempt to extend the line came with the proposal of building a branch to the oil wells in Cañadón Seco, to connect both railways, Puerto Deseado and Comodoro Rivadavia, although the idea would be never carried out.
Fourteen stations were built along the line, with a distance of between them. Only a few stations became villages while most of them remained as simple stops along the way. After the nationalisation of the whole Argentine railway network in 1948, the Puerto Deseado Railway became part of State-owned Ferrocarril General Roca.
During the 1940s, freight transport had decreased considerably. The most loaded merchandise were sheep, wool, agricultural products, limestone and lead. Trains also carried zinc, iron and copper that came from Chile by Buenos Aires Lake and then carried in trucks to Las Heras.
In 1949 brand-new railcars were added to the line, what contributed to increase the number of passengers. The State also built houses for employees of the railway. Trains departed from Puerto Deseado three times a week. The railcars had a capacity of 42 passengers.
Decline and closure
During the 1950s trains transported oil for private companies (therefore YPF was not included). During the 1960s both passengers and freight services decreased resoundingly. From 1961-67 trains carried less than 10,000 people and 10 tons, with few exceptions such as 1962-63 (25 tons). In the last years of operation, lead -which was obtained from Lago Carreras in Chile- was the most carried merchandise.
The Argentine Government did not make any investment in the railway, so the rolling stock became obsolete. In the 1970s passenger services were served by two old Drewry railcars at . Freight transport had decreased to one or two services in a month. Finally in 1978, the de facto government led by Jorge Videla closed the Puerto Deseado Railway. The Government alleged economic problems as the main reason for the closure as the deficit was considerably high.
The line was also completely dismantled, with the wagons, workshops and locomotives sold to wrecking yards. Nevertheless, some of them were preserved. Unlike the Comodoro Rivadavia Railway, rail tracks remained intact but they would deteriorate as time passed.
On December 1, 1996, the historic "Km. 200" station in Pico Truncado was destroyed by a fire.
In 2009, Correo Argentino, the National post service, released a special edition stamp commemorating the Puerto Deseado Railway's 100th anniversary. The stamp showed a steam locomotive and the Puerto Deseado station building, c. 1930.
Post-closure
Remanent
All the PD&CLH rolling stock was dismantled and auctioned instead of preserving it from deterioration. Only one railcar made of wood would be preserved.
In December 1980 the coach N° 502, that had been built by British company Lancaster in 1898, was declared provincial cultural heritage and therefore preserved. This coach had been served in Ferrocarril Andino that connected Cuyo region with the Litoral ports. During its years of service at the PD&CLH line, the 502 was used as a first class coach and also carried troops that fought workers on strike during the Patagonia rebelde in 1921.
The 502 coach currently operates as a tourism office in Puerto Deseado.
Among the material preserved from destruction was a railcar built in Argentina with a 12-seat capacity. Nevertheless, it is currently abandoned. In July 2014, the historic first class P-111 coach was sent to the city of Jaramillo to be restored and preserved. That relic was abandoned in the Rawson regional hospital's backyard, where it had been left in 1986. The Secretary of Culture of Santa Cruz made the arrangements to move the wagon to Jaramillo. The P-111 was carried by truck during a four days trip, taking alternative roads to preserve it from damage since its big size didn't make it suitable to cross the narrow bridges of the region. The P-111 has a weight of 26 tons and was built in 1898.
Gallery
Reopening projects
Since the closure of the line in 1978, there have been several projects to re-open the line, with unsuccessful results. One of them was introduced in 1996 by Chubut congressmen for the construction of the "Ferrocarril Transpatagónico". The railway line would join San Antonio Oeste in Río Negro with Río Gallegos in Santa Cruz, including the construction of a bridge between Punta Loyola and La Misión in Tierra del Fuego. The project also included the reopening of Ferrocarril Puerto Deseado-Colonia Las Heras and the Central Chubut Railway. The project was eventually dismissed.
While the railway privatisation in Argentina of 1992 was being carried out, the Argentine Railway Institute, a non-profit organisation, offered to reactivate lines in the country. Santa Cruz Province accepted the invitation, proposing to create a railway between Puerto Deseado and Puerto Chacabuco. Nevertheless, negotiations did not prosper and the railway would not be put into service.
In 2007 the National Government made a call for tenders and finally concessions for the refurbishment were given to UTE (formed by companies Herso-Sonis). Works began in November 2010.
In January 2013, the reopening of the line was officialised but only for the Puerto Deseado-Tellier section (20-km length), which would be completely rebuilt using 40,000 mt. of profiles and 10,000 mt of wooden sleepers.
Some works were carried out to reactivate the line, such as rail tracks weeding, with the collaboration of 20 engineering students from Pontifical Catholic University of Argentina ("Universidad Católica Argentina" - UCA) and the acquisition of a draisine in 2013. By August 2014, tracks had been weeded until Pico Truncado.
The UCA students also work on a tourist train project, named "Tren Deseado". State-owned company Ferrobaires donated them two post wagons and a locomotive to be restored. The train would run an 8 km path at a very low speed, with 6 intermediate stops and the possibility of visiting some points of interest in the zone.
In October, 2015, the Government of Argentina announced the reoponeing of the Puerto Deseado–Colonia Las Heras line. Works will include a widespread renovation of 285-km length rail tracks and sleepers. The station buildings would be also refurbished to put the line into operative conditions in an estimated time of 90 days, according to what the Ministry of Interior and Transport stated. Nevertheless, works were never carried out.
References
External links
El Tren Deseado, non-profit organization for the reopening of the line
El Tren Deseado on Facebook
Defunct railway companies of Argentina
Railway lines opened in 1911
Railway lines closed in 1978
5 ft 6 in gauge railways in Argentina
1911 establishments in Argentina
Transport in Santa Cruz Province, Argentina
The salterio mexicano is a string instrument, with origins in the 16th century psaltery. It is manufactured with woods forming a trapezoidal box. On the top board, 5 bridges are placed in order to seat stretched metal strings across from side to side. The strings are plucked with a metal pick adjusted on the index finger of each hand.
There are salterios of various sizes, up to one meter long, with tessitura of tenor, soprano and requinto. The salterio requinto has 90 strings in 3 course, with a range from Si4 to Fa#9. The salterio tenor has more than 100 strings in 3-4 course order, with a range from Si3 to Fa#8.
References
(1988). Instituto Nacional de Antropología e Historia. Atlas Cultural de México. Música. Grupo Editorial Planeta.
External links
Video
Article in Spanish discusses history and use of salterio in Mexico.
Box zithers
Mexican musical instruments
Si Thep may refer to:
Si Thep Historical Park, an archaeological site in Thailand covering the ancient city of Si Thep
Si Thep district, the modern district (amphoe) surrounding the site
The 1995 CAA men's basketball tournament was held March 4–6, 1995, at the Richmond Coliseum in Richmond, Virginia. The winner of the tournament was Old Dominion, who received an automatic bid to the 1995 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament.
Bracket
Honors
References
Tournament
Colonial Athletic Association men's basketball tournament
CAA men's basketball tournament
CAA men's basketball tournament
Sports competitions in Virginia
Basketball in Virginia
Star Trek: Voyager is an American science fiction television series that debuted on UPN on January 16, 1995, and ran for seven seasons until May 23, 2001. The show was the fourth live-action series in the Star Trek franchise.
This is a list of actors who have appeared on Star Trek: Voyager
Cast
Main cast
Kate Mulgrew as Kathryn Janeway, commanding officer of the USS Voyager.
Robert Beltran as Chakotay, Janeway's first officer and former member of the Maquis.
Roxann Dawson as B'Elanna Torres, chief engineer and former member of the Maquis.
Robert Duncan McNeill as Tom Paris, conn officer.
Jennifer Lien as Kes, nurse and medical apprentice until her departure from Voyager in 2374.
Ethan Phillips as Neelix, chef, morale officer, and later Federation Ambassador to the Delta Quadrant.
Robert Picardo as The Doctor, chief medical officer.
Tim Russ as Tuvok, chief security/tactical officer.
Jeri Ryan as Seven of Nine, stellar cartography and former Borg drone liberated from the Collective.
Garrett Wang as Harry Kim, operations officer.
Recurring cast
Simon Billig as Hogan, engineering officer and former member of the Maquis until his death in 2373.
Josh Clark as Joe Carey, engineering officer until his death in 2378.
Anthony De Longis as Jal Culluh, First Maje of the Kazon-Nistrim.
John de Lancie as Q, a member of the Q-Continuum who frequently visits the USS Voyager.
Christine Delgado as Susan Nicoletti, engineering officer.
Brad Dourif as Lon Suder, engineering officer and former member of the Maquis until his death in 2373.
Susan Patterson as Kaplan, security officer until her death in 2373.
Alexander Enberg as Vorik, engineering officer.
Tarik Ergin as Ayala, security officer, conn officer, and former member of the Maquis.
Martha Hackett as Seska, Cardassian operative and Kazon collaborator until her death in 2373.
Richard Herd as Owen Paris, flag officer at Starfleet Command, officer of the Pathfinder Project, and father of Tom Paris.
Nancy Hower as Samantha Wildman, science officer.
Manu Intiraymi as Icheb, a former Borg drone liberated from the Collective.
Marley S. McClean as Mezoti, a former Borg drone liberated from the Collective.
Derek McGrath as Chell, operations officer and former member of the Maquis.
Zoe McLellan as Tal Celes, operations officer.
Scarlett Pomers as Naomi Wildman, daughter of Samantha Wildman.
John Rhys-Davies as the holographic recreation of Leonardo da Vinci.
Raphael Sbarge as Michael Jonas, engineering officer and former member of the Maquis until his death in 2372.
Martin Rayner as Doctor Chaotica, a holodeck character.
Dwight Schultz as Reginald Barclay, officer at Starfleet Communications and the Pathfinder Project.
Marina Sirtis as Deanna Troi, ship's counselor on the USS Enterprise-E.
John Tampoya as Kashimuro Nozawa, operations officer.
Susanna Thompson as The Borg Queen, leader of the Borg Collective.
Cody Wetherill as Rebi, a former Borg drone liberated from the Collective.
Kurt Wetherill as Azan, a former Borg drone liberated from the Collective.
Appearances
= Main cast (credited)
= Recurring cast (4+)
= Guest cast (1-3)
See also
List of Star Trek: The Original Series cast members
List of Star Trek: The Next Generation cast members
List of Star Trek: Deep Space Nine cast members
List of Star Trek: Enterprise cast members
List of Star Trek: Discovery cast members
Notes
F: The character was played by Warren Munson in Seasons 2 and 5.
F:The character was played by uncredited babies in Seasons 2 and 3 and by Brooke Stephens in Season 4.
F:In the series finale, the character was played by Alice Krige.-
Footnotes
Star Trek: Voyager
Cast
cast of Voyager
Bouaké FC is an Ivorian football club based in the city of Bouaké. They are currently a member of the top domestic Ligue 1
Stadium
Currently the team plays at the 35,000 capacity Stade Bouaké.
Current squad
References
External links
Soccerway
Football clubs in Ivory Coast
Bouaké
Sport in Vallée du Bandama District
Mathieu Dufour is a French flutist who was the principal flutist of the Berlin Philharmonic.
Early life
Dufour began playing the flute at the age of 8. He studied under Madeleine Chassang and Maxence Larrieu at the Lyon Conservatory.
Career
Dufour was appointed principal flute of the Orchestre National du Capitole de Toulouse in 1993, and then held the same position with the Paris Opera in 1996. He plays on a Yamaha YFL-997 flute.
Dufour was appointed principal flute of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra in 1999 by Daniel Barenboim. He briefly left in September 2009 to play principal flute with the Los Angeles Philharmonic, though later stated he had joined them on a one-year trial basis and was able to hold positions with both orchestras. He returned to Chicago in January 2010. He joined the Berlin Philharmonic as principal flute in August 2015, replacing the retiring Andreas Blau and sharing the role with Emmanuel Pahud.
References
Living people
1972 births
Players of the Berlin Philharmonic
French classical flautists
Musicians from Paris
Cedille Records artists
1953 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the 47th water polo championship in Hungary. There were ten teams who played two-round match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
2. Class
Budapest: 1. Vasas GD Hajógyár 33, 2. Fáklya Opera 33, 3. Bp. Szikra 20, 4. III. ker. Vörös Lobogó 20, 5. Bp. Haladás 18, 6. Bp. Előre 15, 7. Vasas MÁVAG 13, 8. Csepeli Vasas 13, 9. Előre MÁVAUT 8, 10. Bp. Vörös Meteor 7 point.
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
1953 in water polo
1953 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
Corey Rozzoni, also known as Rizzo, is an American musician and songwriter. He currently plays guitar for Nashville, TN based, Lights of Marfa.
Biography
Born in Kenosha, WI and raised in Rockton, IL, Rizzo knew very early on that he wanted to play guitar. His parents had taken him to see Kiss in concert in 1979 and instantly he wanted to be Ace Frehley. He began taking lessons at Paradise Guitars in Beloit, WI at age 9, beginning with more formal training and competing in the Illinois Music League competitions in the early 80's. He placed second both years he entered (he jokes that there were only 2 competitors). Once he found rock music, his life was changed and he immersed himself in the guitar heavy music of the 80's rock bands (Van Halen, AC/DC, Scorpions, Tesla, Ratt, Whitesnake, etc.)
Rizzo formed his first band, China White, with his elementary school classmates Chad Coonrod (drums) and John Pond (bass), along with a lead singer from a neighboring town, Jesse Foht. The band played their first club show before 3 of the 4 members could even drive.
He relocated to Dallas, TX in 1997 with LeSonic. The band split up soon after the move and Rizzo was left bandless. In 1999 he joined Clumsy (featuring Marc Solomon formerly of Perfect and the Clowns). He spent 2 years touring with the band before they decided to call it quits and pursue other projects.
Rizzo continued to write and demo songs with plans of relocating to Los Angeles, CA, but in June 2003 he received a call from his friend Casey Orr, who also happened to play bass for the Burden Brothers. He asked if Rizzo would be interested in auditioning for the open guitar player spot in the band. He accepted, auditioned and got the job. He was a member of the Burden Brothers from August 2003 to August 2007. While he was a member of the band they released two albums, Buried in Your Black Heart (2003) and Mercy (2006), on Kirtland Records as well as a live performance DVD entitled RYFOLAMF.
Rizzo officially left the band on May 29, 2007. His departure was not announced until August 6, 2007, one day after his last show on August 5, 2007 in Madison, WI.
In September 2008 Rizzo moved to Nashville, TN and from 2009 until 2013 was a member of the Nashville-based band, Adalene. The band released two EP's - 2010's "Night On Fire" and 2013's "Atlantic Heart" before disbanding.
Since late 2014 he has been working on his own band called Lights of Marfa. In late 2015 they released "The Light of Sound" EP. In February 2019 they began releasing a new single each month.
Equipment
Guitars
Gibson
2007 Les Paul Custom - Silverburst
1994 Les Paul Custom - Wine Red
1992 Les Paul Custom - Alpine White
Godin
2017 Summit Classic HB - Black
2010 Icon Type 2 Convertible - Sunburst
2010 Icon Type 2 Convertible - Black
2010 Icon Type 2 Convertible - Burgundy
Seagull
2017 Maritime SWS Dreadnought
2004 Custom Double Cutaway w/ Floyd Rose tremolo and custom paint by Joe Martin of The Martin Brothers
Amplifiers
REVV Amplification
Generator 100P
Bogner Amplification
Ecstasy 101B
Mather Cab
2x12 - Ported
Effects
Line 6 Helix Rack
Ernie Ball VP Jr Volume Pedal
Jim Dunlop DVP3 Volume X
Sonic Research ST-300 Turbo Tuner Mini
Digitech Drop Pedal
BOSS NS-2 Noise Suppressor
Two Notes Captor, Reload, C.A.B. & C.A.B. M
Other
Strings & Picks
Jim Dunlop
Pickups
Seymour Duncan
Miscellaneous
Mogami cables
Monster cables
George L cables
Line 6 wireless
Temple Audio pedalboards
Graph Tech accessories
Mental Case road cases
Gator guitar cases
Awards
Voted "Best Guitarist" by the readers of the Dallas Observer in 2005's Dallas Observer Music Awards.
Discography
Albums
Burden Brothers
Buried in Your Black Heart (2003)
Mercy (2006)
Solly
You Know What You Should Do (2008) - Where Would You Be? (track 5)
EPs and singles
Burden Brothers
Beautiful Night (2003)
"Shadow" (2004)
"Walk Away" / "Jailbreak" (2005)
Adalene
Night On Fire (2010)
Atlantic Heart (2013)
Lights of Marfa
The Light of Sound (2015)
Wonderful Christmastime (Paul McCartney cover) - Single (December 7, 2018)
Heaven Knows - Single (February 1, 2019)
Run To You (Bryan Adams cover) - Single (March 1, 2019)
DVDs
Burden Brothers
RYFOLAMF (2005)
Compilations and Promos
Burden Brothers
Buried in Your Black Heart release party CD (Kirtland, 2003)
99.5 KISS Rocks San Antonio (KISS-FM, 2004)
Includes "Beautiful Night"
Summer Lovin' Volume 4 (KDGE, 2004)
Includes "Shadow (live)"
Kirtland Records Compilation (2004)
Includes "Beautiful Night" and the music video for "Shadow"
References
External links
American rock guitarists
American male guitarists
Burden Brothers members
Living people
1973 births
People from Rockton, Illinois
21st-century American guitarists
21st-century American male musicians
Sikkim Gorkha Jagaran Sangh (; translation: Sikkim Gorkha Awakening Association) is a non-government state-level organization of Gorkha ethnic group of Sikkim.
Sikkim Gorkha Jagaran Sangh was established in 2015. It has its headquarters at Namchi, in the South district of Sikkim and unit offices in almost all the regions of Sikkim. Its Working President is K.B. Rai and its Secretary General is B.B. Tamang.
Vision
The Sikkim Gorkha Jagaran Sangh is committed to the vision of a Sikkimese Gorkha society in Sikkim, recognized and accepted as a dignified, cultured and patriotic society at par with any other civilized modern Indian society enjoying the full rights and privileges enshrined in the Indian Constitution.
Mission
The Sikkim Gorkha Jagaran Sangh is committed to the task of bonding each and every member of the Gorkha community in Sikkim, unified body through systematic planning and orientation, thereby strengthening and guiding them in all aspects of their social, cultural, educational, economic and political growth.
Demands
Sikkim Gorkha Jagaran Sangh has identified following issues of the Sikkimese Indian Gorkhas to be resolved at the state level and the national level:
Proportionate seat reservation in the State assembly based on population. Amendment of Representation of the People's Act RPA 1980.
Amendment of Revenue Order No. 1, an old law so that land can be purchased and sold among Gorkha, Bhutia & Lepcha who are SSC & CoI holders.
The geographical history of the Gorkhas predating 1642, linked with the true identity of the Gorkhas, which evidences the Gorkhas as original inhabitants of Sikkim to be taught in Schools, Colleges and Universities by introducing regular curriculum.
Restoring the original names of natural places having names in Gorkha/Nepali language like Kanchenjunga, Bhaley Dhunga etc. which have been renamed to Bhutia Language through Gazette Notification in 2001.
Membership
The Sikkim Gorkha Jagaran Sangh has both institutional and individual memberships. Many cultural, literary and social organizations are associated with it. The Sangh also has individuals in its rolls, including eminent political leaders, litterateurs, cultural personalities, academicians and professionals. Its main membership - and its strength - however, remains the mass of common people who aspire to be active players in the progress of India.
References
Ethnic organisations based in India
Organisations based in Sikkim
2015 establishments in Sikkim
Organizations established in 2015
Tomovick Nunatak () is a nunatak along the southern side of the upper portion of Larsen Glacier, 9 nautical miles (17 km) west of Mount Gerlache in Victoria Land. Mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1956–62. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Donald S. Tomovick, U.S. Navy, utilitiesman at South Pole Station in 1966.
Nunataks of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
P'an'gyo County is a kun, or county, in Kangwŏn province, North Korea. In December 1952, during the Korean War, P'an'gyo was formed as a separate county from five myŏn (Nagyang, Pangjang, P'an'gyo, Ryongp'o, Sannae) of Ichŏn-gun and Yujin-myŏn of P'yŏnggang-gun. Myŏn were administrative units below county (kun) level and are no longer used in North Korea.
Physical features
The land of P'an'gyo is predominantly mountainous, with the Ahobiryŏng Mountains (; ) and Masingryŏng Mountains (; ) both passing through the county. The highest point is Tongbaengnyŏnsan (). The county's chief stream is the Rimjin River. Approximately 88% of the county's area is forestland.
Administrative divisions
P'an'gyo county is divided into 1 ŭp (town) and 22 ri (villages):
Economy
Agriculture
Agriculture is difficult due to the rugged terrain; however, crops are raised here including maize, potatoes, soybeans, wheat, and barley. Orcharding and livestock farming also play a role.
Mining
Mining is supported by local deposits of copper and nickel.
Transport
P'an'gyo county is served by roads and by several stations on the Ch'ŏngnyŏn Ich'ŏn line of the Korean State Railway.
See also
Geography of North Korea
Administrative divisions of North Korea
Kangwon (North Korea)
External links
Counties of Kangwon Province (North Korea)
is a Japanese footballer who plays as a forward for Criacao Shinjuku in Japan Football League.
Club statistics
References
External links
j-league
1986 births
Living people
Juntendo University alumni
Association football people from Shizuoka Prefecture
Japanese footballers
J1 League players
J2 League players
J3 League players
Júbilo Iwata players
Mito HollyHock players
Gainare Tottori players
Association football forwards
Gomilica (; , Prekmurje Slovene: Gomolice) is a village in the Municipality of Turnišče in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia.
An Eneolithic settlement was discovered near the village in 1981 by sensing. The habitation layer was between 45 and 70 cm deep and contained pot shards.
References
External links
Gomilica on Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Turnišče
Lady S is a Franco-Belgian comics series written by Jean Van Hamme, illustrated by Philippe Aymond and published by Dupuis in French and Cinebook in English.
Story
Lady S. is an agent working for the secretive non-governmental organisation the Centre for Anti-Terrorism Research and Intelligence Gathering (CATRIG). She is also the aide to her adopted father who is a USA diplomat. Previously she had been a refugee and a thief.
CATRIG is an organisation and nobody has clue on that. It has been run by a group of retired intelligence officers of EU.
Adopted daughter and principal collaborator of James Fitzroy, roving ambassador, special correspondent for the American Secretary of State in Europe, Susan is a clever, multilingual young woman, in full bloom and perfectly happy in the eyes of an attentive father.
But this too-perfect happiness hides many faults, sorrows and mysteries. Trapped by her past, Susan will have to play her most dangerous role in a life already rich with adventure: Lady S, high-class spy in a diplomatic environment.
59 Latitude stories deals about a planned terror attack on Nobel Prize Ceremony. Suzan Fitzroy is in Sweden, where her adopted father is filling in for the American Ambassador. The most exciting prospect on her agenda is the Nobel Prize ceremony. But her quiet life in Stockholm is disrupted when the mysterious Orion, the secretive anti-terror agent, contacts her: He has another job for her. The "simple task" turns into something much more complex, and before long Suzan is deeply involved in a conspiracy that has links to her past–and to her heart.
Lady S. 05 A Mole in Washington (2008)
What better place to forget the murky world of international spies than... Washington, amid the murky world of politics? Suzan, still her adopted father's assistant, is now working at the White House, where she becomes the unwilling central figure in a nefarious plot to discredit the president of the United States. After bodies start turning up, Suzan's life is turned upside down once again, leaving her no choice but to run. Will she ever be able to stop?
Lady S. 06 Portuguese Salad (2009)
Shania(Lady S), back in Europe after being expelled from the United States, has resumed her work with Orion and his shadowy organisation. Undercover as an interpreter at the European Parliament in Strasbourg, she is tasked with getting close to an extremist suspected of preparing a terrorist attack. The whole mission spirals out of control when she rushes to Portugal, after the CIA contacts her to tell her they've found a man who calls himself Abel Rivkas... her father!.
Lady S. 07 A Second to Eternity (2011)
Another conspiracy set up for her, and this one will cause her dearly.
Volumes
Na zdorovié, Shaniouchka! - Oct. 2004
A ta santé, Suzie! - Sept. 2005
59° Latitude Nord - Oct. 2006
Jeu de dupes - Oct. 2007
Une taupe à Washington - Nov. 2008
Salade portugaise - Oct. 2009
Une seconde d'éternité - Apr. 2011
Raison d'État - Aug. 2012
Pour la peau d'une femme - Nov. 2013
ADN - Nov. 2014
La faille - Nov. 2015
Rapport de forces - Nov. 2016
Crimes de guerre - Nov. 2017
Code Vampiir - Nov. 2019
Dans la gueule du tigre - Aug. 2021
Translations
Cinebook Ltd is publishing Lady S. The following albums have been released:
Here's to Suzie (includes "Na zdorovié, Shaniouchka!") - Nov. 2008
Latitude 59 Degrees North - March 2010
Game of Fools - Oct. 2011
A Mole in D.C. - July 2013
Portuguese Medley - Nov. 2014
A Second of Eternity - 2018
References
External links
Lady S. English volumes at Cinebook
2004 comics debuts
Action comics
Adult comics
Belgian graphic novels
Belgian comic strips
Comics about women
Drama comics
Dupuis titles
Female characters in comics
Fictional American secret agents
Bandes dessinées
Thriller comics
Spy comics
Microsoft codenames are given by Microsoft to products it has in development before these products are given the names by which they appear on store shelves. Many of these products (new versions of Windows in particular) are of major significance to the IT community, and so the terms are often widely used in discussions before the official release. Microsoft usually does not announce a final name until shortly before the product is publicly available. It is not uncommon for Microsoft to reuse codenames a few years after a previous usage has been abandoned.
There has been some suggestion that Microsoft may move towards defining the real name of their upcoming products earlier in the product development lifecycle to avoid needing product codenames.
Operating systems
Windows 3.x and 9x
Windows NT family
Windows as a Service engineering milestones
The following are code names used for internal sprints of the Windows core, although they are not necessarily the code names of any of the resulting releases. The semester designations are also formally independent of the version numbers used by the releases themselves, although with some exceptions they usually match.
Builds of Manganese were only released via the Windows Insider program.
Windows Server 2022 reports as version 21H2, although it is in fact based on the earlier Iron codebase.
Microsoft dropped the H1 semester after Cobalt and shifted the following planned engineering milestones to account for that. Nickel and Cobalt were originally planned as semesters 22H1 and 22H2, respectively.
Windows CE family
Windows Mobile
Windows Phone
Others
OS components
Microsoft Servers
SQL Server family
Others
Developer tools
Visual Studio family
.NET Framework family
Languages
Others
Gaming hardware
Office software
Other codenames
References
External links
Microsoft Codenames List
Codenames
Code names
Computing terminology
The Yana Bay (; Yanskiy Zaliv) is a body of water in the Sakha Republic (Yakutia), Russian Federation. It is the most important gulf of the Laptev Sea.
Geography
The bay is located between Cape Buor-Khaya in the west and Ebelyakh Bay in the east.
The Yana River flows into the Yana Bay, forming a huge river delta (10,200 km²) that takes up much of the bay's coastline. The sea in this wide gulf is frozen for about nine months every year and is often clogged with ice floes.
Yarok is a large flat island located off the mouths of the Chondon. Other islands in the Yana Bay are Makar and the Shelonsky Islands. East of these islands lies Sellyakh Bay, a deep inlet stretching southwards where the long Sellyakh and the long Muksunuokha have their mouths.
History
In 1712 Yakov Permyakov and his companion Merkury Vagin, the first recorded Russian explorers of the area, crossed the Yana Bay on dogsled from the mouth of the Yana River to Bolshoy Lyakhovsky over the ice in order to explore the then unknown island. Unfortunately Permyakov and Vagin were killed on the way back from their exploration by mutineering expedition members.
In 1892–1894 Baron Eduard von Toll, accompanied by expedition leader Alexander von Bunge, carried out geological surveys in the area on behalf of the Russian Imperial Academy of Sciences.
References
External links
Thermokarst and land-ocean interactions, Laptev sea region, Russia
Geochemistry of Surficial and Ice-rafted Sediments
Benthofauna
Gulfs of Russia
Gulfs of the Laptev Sea
Bays of the Sakha Republic
East Siberian Lowland
"One of These Nights" () is a song recorded by South Korean girl group Red Velvet. Composed by Hwang Chan-hee, Andreas Öberg, Maria Marcus and penned by Seo Ji-eum of Jam Factory, it was released as the lead single from their second extended play, The Velvet, which is also the group's first major release to focus on the 'Velvet' half of their unique dual concept, as a follow-up to their last album, The Red. "One of These Nights" is an R&B mid-tempo song with lyrics inspired by the story of Jingnyeo and Gyeonu, a folk tale conceived from the Korean festival Chilseok which originates from the Chinese Qixi Festival which falls on the seventh day of the seventh month on the lunisolar calendar. Originally intended to be released a day earlier, SM Entertainment delayed the song and album's release to March 17, 2016, to ensure its quality.
The single received generally favorable reviews from music critics who compared the song to the group's more upbeat releases, but praised the transition which was hailed as a bold move at a time when K-pop artists commonly aimed to release the catchiest dance hit. It was fairly successful in the group's native country South Korea, becoming their fourth top-ten hit on the Gaon Digital Chart and number six on Billboard's World Digital Songs chart.
Background and release
Red Velvet is known in their country and internationally for their unique dual concept, characterized as their 'Red' and 'Velvet' sides. These two sides reflect the music they produce and the members' styling for each release. Their 'Red' image is described as their vivid and bold image, which generates their more upbeat songs while their softer, more mature 'Velvet' concept spawned tracks predominantly ballads and of the R&B genre. In September 2015, the group released their first studio album The Red which focused on the 'Red' side of their duality. During its promotions, the company hinted at a press conference for the album on September 8, 2015, that there will be a follow-up album to The Red which would focus on their 'Velvet' image. Although a representative of the group's company, S.M. Entertainment clarified that nothing had been scheduled yet, only a month later member Wendy confirmed during an interview that an album was "coming after The Red".
A statement from an S.M. Entertainment representative on March 2, 2016, revealed that the group had finished filming a music video for the lead single. Teasers of the members for the EP's release were unveiled on the group's official Instagram account on March 10, and S.M. Entertainment later revealed the single's title to be "7월7일 (One of These Nights)" which would be released on March 16. Ten minutes before its release, the company announced that the single, along with its music video and parent album would be released on March 17 instead "to guarantee a high quality of work". To appease their disappointed fans, the band apologized for the delay on the March 16 broadcast of the radio show 'Good Morning FM', where they also discussed their latest album and single.
Composition
"One of These Nights" is branded as an R&B ballad with a polished rhythm. Jeff Benjamin of Fuse described it as a standard ballad which opens "with strings and piano before evolving into a sweeping, orchestral arrangement" until a trap beat kicks in at the 1:40 mark "to give the strings a modern flavor". On the other hand, Chester Chin of star2 called it a "haunting, downtrodden ballad". Tamar Herman of Billboard emphasized the track's "soaring piano, strings, and tinkling chimes" which sits beneath the group's voices "to build the song up to a dramatic finale". It was composed by Hwang Chan-hee, Andreas Öberg, Maria Marcus and penned by Seo Ji-eum of Jam Factory, in the key of F# minor and a tempo of 134 beat-per-minute. Öberg would later continue to contribute his work for the group's releases. Three other versions of the songs were also available upon its digital release, including the De-Capo version, the Joe Millionaire version and the piano version.
Lyrically, it is a song about heartbreak and longing, drawing inspiration from the Korean festival Chilseok from which, stems the tragic folktale about the lovers, Jingnyeo and Gyeonu who were separated and only allowed to meet once a year, on the seventh day of seventh month of the lunisolar calendar, hence the Korean title of the song that literally translates to "July 7". Member Seulgi described it as a sad song about two people in love who have to separate, like the couple from the original tale.
Music video and promotion
Released in conjunction with the song, a music video directed by Shin Hee-won was released on March 17. Jeff Benjamin of Fuse opined that it felt like a continuation to the music video of their 2015 single "Automatic" with its transitions and dream-like scenes. The members' styling were compared to Disney princesses, where Irene is Snow White, Yeri passed out in a boat in a long pink gown is Sleeping Beauty, and Wendy with her bright red hair and fishtail dress is Ariel. This resemblance was once again noted by Yeri during a special broadcast through the Naver app V Live. Bradley Stern of PopCrush felt that it was "like a colorful M.C. Escher sketch brought to life". "One of These Nights" was the third most viewed K-pop music video in America and fifth worldwide for the month of March in 2016.
For the song's promotion, the group held a special broadcast on the Naver app V Live on March 15, 2016, revealing their new hairstyles for the first time. The girls also appeared on the March 16 broadcast of the radio show 'Good Morning FM' to discuss their album and new single. Red Velvet then began their music show promotions through a live performance of "One of These Nights" and another track from their album, "Cool Hot Sweet Love" on M! Countdown. They performed the song on other music programs such as Music Bank, Inkigayo, Show Champion, and eventually earned their first music show trophy for "One of These Nights" on the March 22, 2016 broadcast of The Show. For further promotions, they became guests on the March 16 episode of the MBC Every 1 variety show, Weekly Idol.
Reception
Despite the contrast between "One of These Nights" and the group's more recent releases, it received generally positive reviews from music critics. Tamar Herman of Billboard commented that "it's nice to see Red Velvet turn back to their velvety side", and also added that while the song is "not as bouncy as 'Dumb Dumb'", it is no less captivating. She also praised the vocals, stating that it's "one of the group's most expressive vocal performances to date". Jeff Benjamin of Fuse called the transition "a remarkably bold move for the group, at a time when every K-pop act is looking to score its boldest, catchiest dance hit". Writing for The Star, Chester Chin noted that it's "uncomfortably uncharacteristic upon first listen" because of the group's past songs which were more upbeat, but praised its indie sensibilities as "an assured step in the right direction" in a time where majority of the releases from K-pop "focus on the brash and bombastic".
Commercial performance
"One of These Nights" was fairly successful domestically. The song debuted and peaked at number ten on the Gaon Digital Chart, while making its appearance at number five on the component Download Chart with 126,432 digital downloads within the first week. The song has since sold over 229,350 digital units within its first month of release. Elsewhere, it became the group's fifth consecutive top-ten entry on Billboard's World Digital Songs chart, peaking at number six on the week of April 9, 2016.
Charts
Weekly charts
Monthly chart
Accolades
Release history
See also
List of M Countdown Chart winners (2016)
List of Inkigayo Chart winners (2016)
References
Red Velvet (group) songs
2016 singles
2016 songs
2010s ballads
SM Entertainment singles
Contemporary R&B ballads
Korean-language songs
Listvyanka () is the name of several inhabited localities in Russia.
Urban localities
Listvyanka, Irkutsky District, Irkutsk Oblast, a work settlement in Irkutsky District, Irkutsk Oblast
Rural localities
Listvyanka, Altai Krai, a selo in Chauzovsky Selsoviet of Topchikhinsky District of Altai Krai
Listvyanka, Kuytunsky District, Irkutsk Oblast, a village in Kuytunsky District, Irkutsk Oblast
Listvyanka, Izhmorsky District, Kemerovo Oblast, a village in Troitskaya Rural Territory of Izhmorsky District of Kemerovo Oblast
Listvyanka, Tisulsky District, Kemerovo Oblast, a village in Listvyanskaya Rural Territory of Tisulsky District of Kemerovo Oblast
Listvyanka, Topkinsky District, Kemerovo Oblast, a settlement in Shishinskaya Rural Territory of Topkinsky District of Kemerovo Oblast
Listvyanka, Tyazhinsky District, Kemerovo Oblast, a settlement in Listvyanskaya Rural Territory of Tyazhinsky District of Kemerovo Oblast
Listvyanka, Kurgan Oblast, a village in Kosolapovsky Selsoviet of Tselinny District of Kurgan Oblast
Listvyanka, Moscow Oblast, a settlement in Bereznyakovskoye Rural Settlement of Sergiyevo-Posadsky District of Moscow Oblast
Listvyanka, Novosibirsk Oblast, a selo in Cherepanovsky District of Novosibirsk Oblast
Listvyanka, Orenburg Oblast, a settlement in Burlyksky Selsoviet of Belyayevsky District of Orenburg Oblast
Listvyanka, Ryazan Oblast, a settlement in Listvyansky Rural Okrug of Ryazansky District of Ryazan Oblast
Here is a list of Hindu temples in Switzerland:
Zürich
Arulmihu Sivan Temple, Glattbrugg
Hare Krishna Temple
Sri Sivasubramaniar Temple, Adliswil
Sri Vishnu Thurkkai Amman Temple, Dürnten
Other locations
Murugan Temple, Aarau
Arulmigu Siddi Vinayakar Temple, Baar
Haus der Religionen, Bern
Sathya Sai Baba Center, Burgdorf
Shirdi Sai Baba Temple, Thun
Sri Rajeswari Ambal Temple, Basel
Kalyaana Subramanya Swami Temple, Bern
Sri Navasakthi Vinayagar Temple, Zizers
Vinayagar Temple, Geneva
Thurkai Amman Temple, Grenchen
Sri Murugan Temple, Lausanne
Amman Hindu Temple Luzern, Lucerne
Shakthi Temple, Olten
Hindu Temple, Renens
Arulmigu Velaayudharswamy temple, St. Margrethen
Shivasubramanya Swami Temple, Ticino
Sri Manonmani Ampal Alayam, Trimbach
Hindu Tempel Basel, Basel
Somaskanda Ashram, Fideris - associated with Skanda Vale ashram in the United Kingdom
See Also: All Hindu Temples in Switzerland, their contact details and opening hours
See also
Religion in Switzerland
Hinduism in Switzerland
Lists of Hindu temples by country
List of Hindu temples outside India
List of large Hindu temples
References
Switzerland
Hindu temples in Switzerland
Hindu temples
François Auguste Claude (30 December 1858 – 15 July 1938) was a French astronomer who worked at the Bureau des Longitudes which dealt with the measurement of longitude and the maintenance of standard time. He designed the first prismatic astrolabe in 1899.
Claude was born in Strasbourg and following the annexation of the Alsace region by Germany in 1871 he chose French citizenship and served in the army. He then worked as a designer for six years and joined the Bureau des Longitudes at the Parc de Montsouris in Paris. Despite having no formal university degrees, he became assistant calculator in 1884 and rose to the position of director in 1929. His most important contribution was the design of a (60°) prismatic astrolabe which he published first in 1899 and then improved in collaboration with the hydrographer Joseph-Ferdinand-Ludovic Driencourt (1858-1940). This design was manufactured by Jobin of Paris and available in three sizes in the 1910s. It included a magnetic compass, a graduated circular scale to measure angle from the magnetic north. A pan of mercury below acted as a perfect mirror. When a star reached a specific ascension angle above the horizon (60° in this case), its image and its reflection would be aligned in the viewfinder to obtain a precise angular measurement. A mercury mirror below the prism allowed aligning of This was further modified by Andre Danjon in 1938 and more popularly referred to as the Danjon astrolabe.
References
1858 births
1938 deaths
French astronomers
Scientists from Strasbourg
When Will I See You Again is an album by American pop singer Johnny Mathis that was released in March 1975 by Columbia Records and was again predominantly composed of covers of recent hit songs by other artists.
The album made its first appearance on Billboard magazine's Top LP's & Tapes chart in the issue dated April 19, 1975, and remained there for 13 weeks, peaking at number 99. It entered the UK album chart on July 26, 1975, and reached number 13 during its 10 weeks there. On September 1, 1975, the British Phonographic Industry awarded the album with Silver certification for sales of 60,000 units.
Reception
Joe Viglione of AllMusic, writing retrospectively, warns, "If the casual fan thinks the album is full of Philly sound knockoffs, guess again. Producer John Florez and arranger/conductor D'Arneill Pershing align the stars perfectly for Mathis." He enjoyed a variety of songs on this release, especially the title track, which he describes as "reinvented -- one voice leading the charge with backing vocals chiming in at the right time. Where the Three Degrees punched it for all it was worth as a team effort, Johnny Mathis reads the sentiment over a light disco beat with that soul sound that Gamble & Huff manufactured kept to a minimum. The Platters' 'Only You' may seem like a quantum leap away from the '70s compositions that predominate this collection, but the arrangement borders on jazz/pop and fits nicely alongside the other pretty moments here." He also highlights his favorites from side two. "The medley of Paul Williams/Roger Nichols tunes, 'I Won't Last a Day Without You'/'Let Me Be the One', which leads off side two, is as immaculate as the closing number, 'The Things I Might Have Been', making for another very good no-bumps-in-the-road Johnny Mathis release."
Track listing
Side one
"Mandy" (Scott English, Richard Kerr) – 3:31
"Nice to Be Around" (John Williams, Paul Williams) – 3:52
"You're As Right As Rain" (Thom Bell, Linda Creed) – 3:02
"When Will I See You Again" (Kenny Gamble, Leon Huff) – 2:35
"Only You (And You Alone)" (Buck Ram) – 2:50
Side two
Medley – 4:06 a. "Let Me Be the One" (Roger Nichols, Paul Williams) b. "I Won't Last a Day Without You" (Nichols, Paul Williams)
"The Way We Were" from The Way We Were (Alan Bergman, Marilyn Bergman, Marvin Hamlisch) – 3:49
"Laughter in the Rain" (Neil Sedaka, Phil Cody) – 2:31
"You and Me Against the World" (Kenny Ascher, Paul Williams) – 3:59
"The Things I Might Have Been" (Richard M. Sherman, Robert B. Sherman) – 3:27
Recording dates
From the liner notes for The Voice of Romance: The Columbia Original Album Collection:
January 13, 1975 – "Laughter in the Rain", "Only You (And You Alone)", "The Way We Were", "You and Me Against the World"
January 20, 1975 – "Mandy", "The Things I Might Have Been", "When Will I See You Again"
January 23, 1975 – "Let Me Be the One/I Won't Last a Day Without You", "Nice to Be Around", "You're As Right As Rain"
Song information
The most successful incarnation of "Mandy" was by Barry Manilow, who spent a week at number one with the song on the Billboard Hot 100 and two weeks in the top spot on the magazine's Easy Listening chart in addition to reaching number 11 in the UK and receiving Gold certification from the Recording Industry Association of America. "Nice to Be Around" originated in the 1973 film Cinderella Liberty as "You're So Nice to Be Around" and also "bubbled under" the Hot 100 to number 101 as a recording by Maureen McGovern that also got as high as number 28 Easy Listening. "You're As Right As Rain" first appeared on the 1972 Stylistics album Round 2.
"When Will I See You Again" by The Three Degrees enjoyed two weeks at number one on the UK singles chart and a week in that position on Billboard's Easy Listening chart, peaked at number two pop and number four R&B, and received Platinum certification from the RIAA. The Platters had the biggest hit version of "Only You (And You Alone)", which spent seven weeks at number one R&B and made it to number five on the Billboard Hot 100. "Let Me Be the One" first appeared on the self-titled 1971 album by The Carpenters, and the brother-and-sister duo also had the most popular recording of
"I Won't Last a Day Without You", which had a week at number one on the Easy Listening chart and got as high as number 11 pop and number nine UK.
"The Way We Were" earned songwriters Alan Bergman, Marilyn Bergman, and Marvin Hamlisch the Grammy Award for Song of the Year and the Academy Award for Best Original Song. Barbra Streisand's recording of the song went Gold, spent three weeks at number one on the Billboard Hot 100 and two weeks in the Easy Listening top spot, and peaked at number 31 UK. Neil Sedaka's "Laughter in the Rain" also spent two weeks at number one Easy Listening in addition to enjoying a week in that position on the pop chart and peaking at number 15 in the UK. Another number one Easy Listening hit that Mathis covers here, "You and Me Against the World" by Helen Reddy, also made it to number nine on the Hot 100. And by the time this album was released, "The Things I Might Have Been" had been recorded as a solo by Kitty Wells, Willie Nelson, and Roy Clark and as a duet by Kris Kristofferson and Rita Coolidge.
Personnel
From the liner notes of the original album:
Johnny Mathis – vocals
John Florez – producer
D'Arneill Pershing - arranger, conductor
Grover Helsley – engineer
Emerson-Loew – photography
Ron Coro – design
Nancy Donald – design
References
Bibliography
1975 albums
Johnny Mathis albums
Columbia Records albums
The 2012–13 season was the 113th season in Società Sportiva Lazio's history and their 25th consecutive season in the top-flight of Italian football.
Pre-season
During the pre-season, Lazio bought Ederson from Lyon, Antonio Candreva from Udinese and Michaël Ciani from Bordeaux.
Friendlies
Players
Transfers
In
Out
Competitions
Serie A
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
Coppa Italia
UEFA Europa League
Play-off round
Note 1: Mura 05 played their home match at Ljudski vrt, Maribor as their own Fazanerija City Stadium did not meet UEFA criteria.
Group stage
Knockout phase
Round of 32
Round of 16
Note 2: The first match that was played behind closed doors due to the punishment handed to Lazio by UEFA following racism issue of their 300 fans at Stadio Olimpico in a match against Borussia Mönchengladbach in second leg of 2012–13 UEFA Europa League round of 32.
Quarter-finals
Note 3: The second match that was played behind closed doors due to the punishment handed to Lazio by UEFA following racism issue of their 300 fans at Stadio Olimpico in a match against Borussia Mönchengladbach in second leg of 2012–13 UEFA Europa League round of 32.
Statistics
Appearances and goals
|-
! colspan="15" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"| Goalkeepers
|-
! colspan="15" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"| Defenders
|-
! colspan="15" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"| Midfielders
|-
! colspan="15" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"| Forwards
|-
! colspan="15" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"| Players transferred out during the season
Goalscorers
References
S.S. Lazio seasons
Lazio
Lazio
Joseph Norbert Leon François Marie Ghislain "José" Anne de Molina (born 2 September 1925, died 10 May 2020) was a Belgian magistrate, heraldist, and historian.
Family
The Anne de Molina family was first ennobled in 1750, with the ennoblement of the brothers Josephus Adrianus and Carolus Lambertus Anne, both aldermen in the City of Dendermonde. Victor Anne (1819–1891), the latter's grandson, received a recognition of nobility in 1871 and was authorized to add "de Molina" to his last name in 1885.
José Anne de Molina is a grandson of Victor Anne and the son of Raphaël Anne de Molina (1893-1977), president of the Brussels Court of Appeal, and of Germaine, Baroness de Viron (1894–1978). In 1956, he married Marie-Claire de Meeûs (1931-2014), a daughter of Georges, Count de Meeûs d'Argenteuil. They had five children.
Biography
Anne de Molina was born in Brussegem.
After becoming a Doctor of Law, José Anne de Molina went on to build a career in the judicial system, first as a lawyer and later as a magistrate. He started out as a judge at the tribunal of first instance in Brussels, and went on to be a counsellor, president of the chamber and finally first president at the Brussels Court of Appeal. Furthermore, he was a substitute first president at the Military Tribunal.
He was the honorary president of the Office généalogique et héraldique de Belgique ("Genealogical and Heraldic Office of Belgium"). In February 1986, he became a member of the Council of Nobility and was its president from October 1986 until November 1989. In 1960, he co-founded the État présent de la noblesse belge.
He was a Commander in the Order of the Holy Sepulchre.
Publications
Généalogie de la famille Bassery, in Tablettes du Brabant, Tome I, Hombeek, 1956
Le dernier roi d'armes Beydaels et sa famille, in: Brabantica, 1959 en 1960
Le tableau votif de Wauthier V van der Noot, in: Le Parchemin, 1959
Le château de Nieuwermolen à Capelle Saint Ulric, in: Recueil de l'Office généalogique et héraldique de Belgiquen, T. X
A propos de quelques usages héraldiques dans les cortèges funèbres aux Pays-Bas, in: Archivum Heraldicum, 1965
A propos de la Rue du Bois Sauvage. Un drame passionnel entre lignagers bruxellois au XIVe siècle, in: Les lignages de Bruxelles, 1974
Folklore héraldique. Les funérailles solennelles de Féry de Glymes, baron de Grimberghen en 1571, in: Le Parchemin, 1981
Odot Viron. Un anoblissement par Charles-Quint, in: Recueil de l'Office généalogique et héraldique de Belgique, 1986.
Les origines des armoiries du Lignage Steenweegs, in: Les Lignages de Bruxelles, 1987.
Pierre-Joseph Meeûs, bourgmestre, surnommé l'Homme du gaz, in : Molenbecca ( Cercle d'histoire Locale de Molenbeek-Saint-Jean) n°9, 2003.
Literature
José ANNE DE MOLINA, Notices biographiques des présidents du Conseil héraldique, in: Chr. HOOGSTOEL-FABRI (dir), Le droit nobiliaire et le Conseil héraldique, Brussel, 1994.
Oscar COOMANS DE BRACHÈNE, État présent de la noblesse belge, Annuaire 1991, Brussel, 1991.
1925 births
2020 deaths
Belgian nobility
20th-century Belgian historians
Belgian legal scholars
Heraldists
People from Merchtem
Bukayr ibn Abdallah () was an Arab military leader, who served the Rashidun Caliphate and is known for the conquest of the Sasanian province of Adurbadagan.
Biography
In 651, Bukayr invaded Adurbadagan, which was the domain of the Ispahbudhan brothers Isfandyadh and Bahram. Isfandyadh made a stand against him, where a battle was fought. He was, however, defeated and captured by Bukayr and his men.
While Isfandyadh was in captivity, he told Bukayr, that if he sought to conquer Adurbadagan easily and peacefully, he should make peace with him. According to Bal'ami, Isfandyadh is known to have said that: "If you [were to] kill me all of Azarbayjan [will] rise in avenging my blood, and will wage war against you." Bukayr listened to Isfandyadh's advice and made peace with him. However, Bahram refused to submit to the Arab forces and kept resisting them, but was in the end defeated by Bukayr, and forced to flee from Adurbadagan.
References
Sources
7th-century deaths
7th-century Arabs
Arab generals
People of the Muslim conquest of Persia
Medieval Iranian Azerbaijan
Modern Cookery for Private Families is an English cookery book by Eliza Acton. It was first published by Longmans in 1845, and was a best-seller, running through 13 editions by 1853, though its sales were later overtaken by Mrs Beeton. On the strength of the book, Delia Smith called Acton "the best writer of recipes in the English language", while Elizabeth David wondered why "this peerless writer" had been eclipsed by such inferior and inexperienced imitators.
It was one of the first cookery books to provide lists of ingredients, exact quantities, and cooking times, and to include Eastern recipes for chutneys.
The book was well received on its first appearance; critics thought it the best cookery book they had seen, combining as it did clarity of instructions with excellent organisation. Acton's recipes and writing style have been admired by cooks including Bee Wilson, Elizabeth David, Delia Smith and Jane Grigson; Clarissa Dickson Wright praises her writing but criticises her increasing conformity to Victorian dullness.
Book
The book was the result of several years of research, prompted by Longman, who had published Acton's Poems. Many of the recipes came from her friends. Modern Cookery quickly became a bestselling work, appearing in several editions and remaining a standard cookery book throughout the rest of the century. The book was immensely influential, establishing the format for modern cookery book writing, by listing the exact ingredients required for each recipe, the time needed, and potential problems that might arise. This was a major departure from previous cookbooks, which were less precise.
The book was one of the first to list recipes for Eastern "chatneys", both fresh, like her "Mauritian shrimp chatney" with lemon and oil, and preserved, like her "Bengal chatney" with raisins, crab apples, garlic, and ginger. It has been asserted that the book was the first to use the name "Christmas pudding", in the first edition of 1845; the dish had earlier been known simply as plum pudding. Her recipe for mincemeat (as in mince pies) still contained meat – she suggests ox tongue or beef sirloin – which she combined with lemons "boiled quite tender and chopped up entirely with the exception of the pips".
The book remained in print for over 50 years through most of the Victorian era, but it is Mrs Beeton's book, first published in 1861, which is now remembered from that period.
The title varied somewhat over the years; the 1845 edition's full title was
Modern Cookery, In All Its Branches: Reduced to a System of Easy Practice, for the Use of Private Families. In a Series of Practical Receipts, Which Have Been Strictly Tested, And are Given with the Most Minute exactness.
By 1860, the title had become
Modern Cookery, For Private Families, Reduced to a System of Easy Practice, In a Series of Carefully Tested Receipts, In Which the Principles of Baron Liebig and Other Eminent Writers Have Been as Much as Possible Applied and Explained.
Contents
The following list refers to the 1860 edition.
Preface vii
Vocabulary of Terms, principally French, used in Modern Cookery xiii
Table of Contents xv
Introductory Chapter: Trussing xxxiii
Introductory Chapter: Carving xxxvii
Soups 1
Fish 48
Dishes of Shell-fish 85
Gravies 94
Sauces 106
Cold Sauces, Salads, etc. 132
Store Sauces 145
Forcemeats 156
Boiling, Roasting, etc. 167
Beef 184
Veal 209
Mutton 235
Pork 247
Poultry 264
Game 281
Curries, Potted Meats, etc. 296
Vegetables 308
Pastry 344
Souffles, Omlets, etc. 377
Boiled Puddings 395
Baked Puddings 423
Egg and Milk 444
Sweet Dishes, or Entremets 453
Preserves 493
Pickles 531
Cakes 540
Confectionary 562
Dessert Dishes 569
Syrups, Liqueurs, etc. 577
Coffee, Chocolate, etc. 587
Bread 594
Foreign and Jewish Cookery 605
Index 623-643
Approach
Acton's book is divided into chapters with brief, often single word titles such as "Fish". In a marked departure from eighteenth century English cookery books like Hannah Glasse's The Art of Cookery, these are written as connected wholes. The chapter on fish begins with an essay on how to choose fish for freshness; there follows some advice on how to bake fish, and on the kinds of fat best used for frying fish. Suitable pans are illustrated. The recipes follow; these too are written as stories rather than simply as instructions. Where appropriate, recipes end with a list of ingredients, as well as the cooking time, in marked change from eighteenth century practice. Recipes are grouped, in the case of fish by species, and they form a connected story. Acton adds comments where she sees fit, indicating anything from when the food is in season to where a recipe came from, and how much she likes it. For example, she begins her account of the John Dory with a recipe which is more of an introductory essay than a set of instructions, though given the simplicity of the recipe, it says all that a cook would need to know on the matter:
The John Dory, though of uninviting appearance, is considered by some persons as the most delicious fish that appears at table; in the general estimation, however, it ranks next to the turbot, but it is far less abundant in our waters, and is not commonly to be procured of sufficient size for a handsome dish, except in some few parts of our coast which are celebrated for it. It may easily be known by its yellow gray colour, its one large dark spot on either side, the long filaments on the back, a general thickness of form, and its very ugly head. It is dressed in the same manner, and served usually with the same sauces as a turbot, but requires less time to boil it. The fins should be cut off before it is cooked.
Acton follows this with an actual recipe, again characteristically simple, and with one of her brief parenthetical asides, at once modestly claiming ownership and praising the dish:
We have found these fish when they were too small to be worth cooking in the usual way, excellent when quite simply baked in the following manner, the flesh being remarkably sweet and tender, much more so than it becomes by frying or broiling. After they have been cleaned, dry them in a cloth, season the insides slightly with fine salt, dredge a little flour on the fish, and stick a few very small bits of butter on them, but only just sufficient to prevent their becoming dry in the oven; lay them singly on a flat dish, and bake them very gently from fourteen to sixteen minutes. Serve them with the same sauce as baked soles.
When extremely fresh, as it usually is in the markets of the coast, fish thus simply dressed au four is preferable to that more elaborately prepared by adding various condiments to it after it is placed in a deep dish, and covering it with a thick layer of bread crumbs, moistened with clarified butter.
The appearance of the John Dories is improved by taking off the heads, and cutting away not only the fins but the filaments of the back.
Illustrations
The book was from the first edition onwards illustrated with a large number of small woodcuts. Some show cookware, like the pot used to serve Bouillon or the "Mackerel Kettle", a deep oval saucepan with a lid, used to cook fish; some illustrate produce as the housekeeper would see it in the market, like the engravings of poultry and fish—educating the reader in the recognition of gurnard, sea bream, plaice, grey mullet, garfish, and sand-eel; others show finished dishes, like the Lady's Tourte or a moulded jelly, "tastefully garnished with preserved, or with fresh fruit."
Reception
Contemporary
The reviews for Modern Cookery were positive. The unnamed critic for The Atlas described it as "the best book of the sort" they had seen, and described the layout for the recipes to be "excellent", while the critic from The Morning Post considered it "unquestionably the most valuable compendium of the art that has yet been published". In a positive review in The Exeter and Plymouth Gazette, praise was given to "the intelligibility of the instructions which are given", which contrasted with other cookery books; the reviewer for the Kentish Gazette also commended the clarity of the instructions, and the inclusion of ingredients and timings, which led them to consider the book "a superior work". The review in The Spectator stated that the order of the book was "very natural", while "the methods are clearly described, and seem founded on chemical principles".
Modern
Delia Smith called Acton "the best writer of recipes in the English language". Elizabeth David similarly called Modern Cookery "the greatest cookery book in our language". Bee Wilson, writing in The Telegraph, agrees that it is "the greatest British cookbook of all time", adding that Acton deserves to be a household name.
Elizabeth David asks why "this peerless writer" was eclipsed by "imitators so limited in experience, and in capacity of expression so inferior?" She answers her own question with the suggestion that Acton, born in 1799, was "in taste and in spirit, a child of the eighteenth century." David notes that the year after Modern Cookery was first published, Bird's Custard Powder was launched: "What we know as modern cookery, and it had little to do with Eliza Acton's version, was on its way." And she points out that manuals like Mrs Beeton's, which in later editions were edited and re-written by other hands, existed to allow cooks to look up recipes, rather than to read cookery books. She concludes that "A book such as Miss Acton's, written as a coherent whole, is essentially one to be read, as it is written, with intelligence and understanding and application."
Bee Wilson argues that the greatness of the book comes from "Acton's very British sensibility. She calls a spade a spade, noting that some of the coffee served on the newfangled railway lines was a 'commercial disgrace'." Wilson adds that Acton has both honesty and reticence: she does not "gush" when she really likes something, "but puts it in brackets, as if holding her emotions in. 'Lemon Dumplings (Light and Good)', for example. Or 'Mushrooms Au Beurre (Delicious)'... that makes her Eliza Acton (The Best)."
Elizabeth Ray, editor of The Best of Eliza Acton—a selection of recipes from Modern Cookery with an introduction by Elizabeth David, notes that Acton began her writing career with poetry, only to be told by her publishers that a cookery book would be better, and that "an unmistakable literary talent appears even in her receipts, in the style itself, and in the engaging titles she bestows on some of her dishes", which include "The Elegant Economist's Pudding" as well as those of publishers and authors.
Clarissa Dickson Wright, in her A History of English Food, calls Acton "the best cookery writer of the period", noting that she paid "considerable attention" to curry in the book. Dickson Wright comments that Acton knew about "her countrymen"'s lack of understanding of curry and "lamented 'the great superiority of the oriental curries over those generally prepared in England'". She further notes that Acton suggested practical improvements, such as grating coconut into the gravy, and using tamarind, acid apples and cucumber to simulate the "piquancy you get with bitter gourds, mango, and so on", which she comments was certainly better than lazily adding lemon juice, but still nothing like "anything prepared by my grandmother's Indian cook."
Dickson Wright also comments on the early signs in Modern Cookery of what she considers the increasing dullness of Victorian cookery. Although she finds Acton "in most respects an admirable cookery writer", she observes that between the first and the third editions Acton has gone from using garlic sparingly to avoiding it entirely. She is equally scathing about Acton's "Burlington Whimsey" which she calls "basically a dish of brawn"; she argues that the Victorians were too fond of it, and that Acton's recipe is "the epitome of dull food dressed up to look whimsical."
Sue Dyson and Roger McShane, reviewing the book on FoodTourist, call it the "very antithesis" of the elaborate haute cuisine of Marie-Antoine Carême, and note that it was one of the first cookery books to provide quantities, timings, and lists of ingredients. They find the recipe for Mulligatawny soup "wonderful", the oyster sausages "very tasty", and the "Potato Boulettes" like a French equivalent of gnocchi. But "the section that really caught our interest" was puddings and desserts. They conclude that "this is an inspirational book with an Aladdin's Cave of recipes and wonderful, timeless writing" and an "absolutely essential part of any serious cookbook collection."
Kathryn Hughes, writing in The Guardian, observes that Acton has been set up as "the saint to Mrs Beeton's sinner", "an Austenish heroine: a stylish Regency spinster, a poet rather than a journalist, a committed cookery writer rather than an opportunistic hack." She notes that Elizabeth David created this image, supported by Jane Grigson, and Delia Smith: "in short, anyone who wants to be in the kitchen cool gang knows that the name to drop is Acton's." She agrees that Mrs Beeton "pinched" Acton's recipes, along with those of other authors, because they were "rather good". She notes the "elegant tilt of Acton's writing" and its "sly humour", as well as the accuracy of the recipes, very unlike eighteenth-century vagueness, and calls Acton "an admirable pioneer".
Natalie Whittle, writing in the Financial Times in 2011, describes how recipes such as "Water Souchy" (a clear fish soup) from Modern Cookery and other books of the period are being revived at English restaurants.
Simon Hopkinson, writing in The Independent in 2000, praises Acton's Christmas pudding: "It was to the cookery writing of the legendary Eliza Acton where Joyce Molyneux [of the Carved Angel] went to find her perfect pudding recipe. And, as far as I remember, the particular reason why she liked the result of Acton's recipe above all others was because it had this unusual lightness to it, yet also seemed to offer up the required richness too."
The Tonbridge Historical Society note that "by 1827 Eliza was living in Tonbridge at No. 1 Bordyke ... Not surprisingly there are many references to Kent and some to Tonbridge in Eliza's recipes. There is 'Kentish' sausage meat, suet pudding and cherry jam, 'Tonbridge' brawn, and ‘Bordyke' Veal cake, preserved ham and bread."
Editions
The book appeared in the following editions during the Victorian era.
Notes
References
Sources
1845 books
19th-century British cookbooks
History of English cuisine
Batrachedra rixator is a moth in the family Batrachedridae. It is found in Colombia.
References
Natural History Museum Lepidoptera generic names catalog
Batrachedridae
The women's 200 metres event at the 2005 Summer Universiade was held on 17–18 August in Izmir, Turkey.
Medalists
Results
Heats
Wind:Heat 1: -0.5 m/s, Heat 2: +2.6 m/s, Heat 3: +0.6 m/s, Heat 4: -1.7 m/s, Heat 5: -0.1 m/s, Heat 6: +0.8 m/s, Heat 7: +1.7 m/s
Quarterfinals
Wind:Heat 1: -0.2 m/s, Heat 2: +0.5 m/s, Heat 3: +0.8 m/s, Heat 4: -0.1 m/s
Semifinals
Wind:Heat 1: +0.2 m/s, Heat 2: +0.7 m/s
Final
Wind: -1.0 m/s
References
Final results
Full results
Athletics at the 2005 Summer Universiade
2005 in women's athletics
2005
Pseudobutyrivibrio is a Gram-negative, anaerobic and non-spore-forming bacterial genus from the family of Lachnospiraceae.
Pseudobutyrivibrio as Gram-negative, is in contrast to Butyrivibrio, which is Gram-positive, as is typical of most Bacillota phylum bacteria.
References
Further reading
Lachnospiraceae
Bacteria genera
Vladislav Alekseyevich Achalov (; 19 November 1945 – 23 June 2011) was a Soviet general, politician and public figure. Achalov served as the 12th commander of the Soviet Airborne Forces and the deputy minister of defence (1990-1991).
Biography
Early life and military career
Achalov was born on November 13, 1945 in the village of Atamash, Atninsky District, in the Tatar Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic. Upon deciding to join the army, he attended the Kazan Tank School of the Red Army, from which he graduated in 1966. He started his career in the army as a commander of a platoon of tanks, and later he became the commander of a company of tanks. In 1973 he graduated from the Academy of Armoured Forces but transferred to the Airborne Forces in 1974, becoming commander of an artillery regiment. In 1975–77 he was a commander of an airborne regiment and later (1977–78) vice-commander of 98th Guards Airborne Division. From 1978-82 he was commander of the 7th Guards Airborne Division.
In February 1981 he visited Warsaw and in September he participated in "Zapad-81" training exercise. After graduating from the Voroshilov General Staff Academy in 1984, he became the deputy commander of the 2nd Guards Tank Army and 1985 commander of the 8th Guards Army within the Group of Soviet Forces in Germany. In 1987–89 he was working in Leningrad as Chief of Staff, First Deputy Commander of the Leningrad Military District. From January 1989 to December 1990 he was commander of the Soviet Airborne Forces.
Political career and death
In December 1990, unexpectedly, "with no preliminary discussion, none of the usual procedures such as interviews with the Central Committee or the Poltburo," he was made a deputy minister of defence. This lasted until August 1991. After the August 1991 coup he was sent to a sanatorium, "the usual preliminary to enforced retirement." He was a member of Supreme Council of Russian Soviet Republic in 1990–1993.
A supporter of the failed coup attempts of 1991 and 1993, in his later years he led a union of veteran paratroopers and organised a large protest against Yeltsin's policies. Achalov died at a Moscow hospital on 23 June 2011, aged 65.
Family
He was married in 1974 to Larisa Pavlovna Gudzi, and had a son and daughter.
Further reading
Ostrovsky, Alexander (2014). Расстрел «Белого дома». Чёрный октябрь 1993 (The shooting of the "White House". Black October 1993) — М.: «Книжный мир», 2014. — 640 с. ISBN 978-5-8041-0637-0
References
1945 births
2011 deaths
People from Arsky District
Soviet colonel generals
Military Academy of the General Staff of the Armed Forces of the Soviet Union alumni
Commanders of the Soviet Airborne Forces
Burials in Troyekurovskoye Cemetery
Defenders of the White House (1993)
Recipients of the Order "For Service to the Homeland in the Armed Forces of the USSR", 1st class
Recipients of the Order "For Service to the Homeland in the Armed Forces of the USSR", 2nd class
Recipients of the Order "For Service to the Homeland in the Armed Forces of the USSR", 3rd class
The Women's 50 metre breaststroke competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held on 24 and 25 June 2022.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world and championship records were as follows.
Results
Heats
The heats were started on 24 June at 09:38.
Semifinals
The semifinals were started on 24 June at 18:27.
Final
The final was held on 25 June at 18:09.
References
Women's 50 metre breaststroke
Dieter Koslar (6 May 1940 – 13 August 2002) was a German cyclist. He competed in the individual road race and the team time trial events at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1940 births
2002 deaths
German male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of West Germany
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Cyclists from Cologne
West German male cyclists
Alon Blue Square (, Alon Ribu'a Kahol), formerly Blue Square, is a private Israeli holding company, owned by Moti Ben-Moshe. It was founded as a retail chain, but subsequently branched out into real estate and other fields.
History
Alon Blue Square dates back to 1932, when it was founded as the Tel Aviv Cooperative Consumer Association. This and other cooperative consumer clubs were run by the Consumer Cooperation Union, in turn run by HaMashbir HaMerkazi. In 1970, all grocery store clubs formed a union, owing to the desire to unify grocery prices across the country for unionized workers. In 1972, the Tel Aviv club merged with the clubs from the Sharon region, Ashkelon and Beersheba. Later in the decade, the unified group became called Co-Op The Blue Square, with Benny Gaon appointed as its executive director. The group had a revenue of IL2.5 billion. In 1987, the company became the Israeli franchisee of Wendy's, reaching six branches, but failed.
The cooperative founded a new business in 1991, called Co-Op Blue Square Consumer Cooperative Society Limited, in which it held an 82% stake. At the time, the company employed about 3,000 workers. The company expanded its reach significantly in the 1990s, founding the Super Center supermarket chain. It also operated the Hamashbir Lazarchan, bought and the Home Center hardware and household goods chain, had plans to sell Dunkin' Donuts in the Co-Op branches, and it owned the franchise rights for operating IKEA in Israel, but was forced to sell them. In the 2000s Blue Square operated Sbarro and Pelephone stands in its stores and it also founded the Mega chain, geared toward its Buy and Bonus club members. In 2002, Blue Square entered the online retail business, with the Blue Center brand.
In 1996 the cooperative's holdings and the for-profit company merged into Blue Square Israel, and had a public offering in New York under that name. In November 2000 it also had a public offering in Israel. This privatization was initiated by various members of the cooperative, who had been forced to buy its shares decades earlier, but largely weren't invested in its ideology. By the 1990s they had wanted to sell their shares on the free market, and this was only possible through privatization. In 2002, most of the members voted to dismantle the company and sell its assets.
In 2003, Blue Square Israel was purchased by Alon Group, owner of the energy company Dor Alon, for a billion, and became Alon Blue Square.
In 2015, Alon Blue Square encountered financial difficulties. The Mega supermarket chain owned by the company went into receivership, and the latter became insolvent. In 2016, Alon Blue Square was fully acquired by Moti Ben-Moshe and became a private company. In December 2019, Alon Blue Square acquired the Gindi family's 50% stake in TLV Fashion Mall, a shopping mall in Tel Aviv, for a million, making it the sole owner of the property. As of 2020, the company is one of the bidders for a 20% stake in Israel Post.
Holdings and subsidiaries
Alon Blue Square has two main subsidiaries: the energy company Dor Alon, and Blue Square Real Estate. Other than these, the company full or partially owns multiple retail chains, including Mega Home, Na'aman, Vardinon and others. It also has holdings in the radio station 103fm.
Prior to 2015, the company also had holdings in the retail chains Doctor Baby (owned by Mega) and Kfar HaSha'ashu'im, the mobile virtual network operator YouPhone the local Diners Club franchise, and the Israel Post newspaper.
Criticism
Involvement in Israeli settlements
On 12 February 2020, the United Nations published a database of companies doing business related in the West Bank, including East Jerusalem, as well as in the occupied Golan Heights. Alon Blue Square was listed on the database on account of its activities in Israeli settlements in these occupied territories, which are considered illegal under international law.
References
Holding companies of Israel
Real estate companies of Israel
1932 establishments in Mandatory Palestine
Holding companies established in 1932
Real estate companies established in 1932
The oaten pipe is a rare type of English and Scottish reedpipe made from the straw (dried stalks) of the oat plant or similar natural materials, commonly associated with pastoral culture. An 1898 dictionary described the instrument as "The simplest form of a reed pipe, a straw with a strip cut to form the reed, at the end closed by the knot". Similar instruments are made across a variety of cultures, while the specific term "oaten pipe" is found in English literature, connoting pastoral imagery.
Some records describe the "oaten pipe" as simply a noisemaker or bird-call, while others specify that it had several fingerholes for playing a melody. Scottish musicologists noted that oaten pipes served as a musical toy for boys, with the possibility of being a practice instrument (an improvised practice chanter) for later playing the bagpipes.
References
See also
Lincolnshire bagpipe
Reed aerophones
English musical instruments
Scottish musical instruments
Belmont was an unincorporated community located in Bracken County, Kentucky, United States.
References
Unincorporated communities in Bracken County, Kentucky
Unincorporated communities in Kentucky
In information systems, proactive information delivery (PID) is a paradigm of supporting users in doing their work by delivering them information related to the current working situation.
Unlike information search process where the user has to initiate the search, PID tries to identify the user's current information need.
Applications of PID
PID can be used for Just-In-Time learning embedded in working processes.
Examples of systems providing PID features
Intellext Watson was a prominent tool illustrating the concept of lightweight PID.
Classification of PID methods
Classification of PID tools is given in
References
Information systems
The Circle (sometimes called The Circle US to differentiate from other international versions) is an American reality competition series, produced by Studio Lambert and Motion Content Group, that first aired on Netflix in January 2020. It is based on the original British TV series of the same name. Alongside the American version of The Circle, Netflix also launched different versions in France and Brazil, as part of a partnership between Netflix and All3Media. The series bills itself as a game based around social media, with the concept that "anyone can be anyone in The Circle." It has been compared to Big Brother and Catfish in format, as well as Black Mirror episode "Nosedive" with the concept of ratings.
The series was renewed for a fourth and fifth season in August 2021. The fourth season premiered on May 4, 2022, and concluded on May 25.
Format
A number of players move into separate apartments within the same building. While playing, contestants are kept isolated from the outside world and each other, and are not allowed to meet or communicate with each other face-to-face. Instead, they communicate via text on a specially-designed social media application that — through photographs, biographies, and text chat — gives them the ability to portray themselves in any way they choose. Players can thus opt to present themselves as a completely different personality to the other players, a tactic otherwise known as catfishing; for example, one male player in the first season presented himself as a female identity, while another female contestant used photos of a woman she felt was more attractive.
Every few days, each contestant must secretly "rate" all of the others from first to last place; their average ratings are then revealed to the entire group from lowest to highest. Normally, the two highest-rated players become "Influencers", while the remaining players are at risk of being eliminated from the game ("blocked") by mutual agreement of the Influencers. Occasionally there may be twists to the blocking process; these include the lowest-rated player(s) being instantly blocked, the identity of the Influencers being a secret, or multiple players being blocked at one time. Blocked players must pack up and leave their apartments immediately, but are given the opportunity to meet and converse with one active player of their choosing in-person. The day after a blocking, a video message is shown to the remaining players to reveal whether the blocked player was real or a "catfish"
Over the first 2/3rds of the season, following most blockings, one or more new players may enter the game. These players typically receive immunity for their first blocking, though they participate in ranking the others, after which they become vulnerable to elimination.
During the finale, the contestants rate each other one final time; the highest-rated player wins the game and (seasons 1-3), (season 4). Additionally, viewers are able to vote for their favorite player; the player that receives the most votes is declared "Fan Favorite" and receives .
Episodes
Background
Concept
Tim Harcourt is the creative director of Studio Lambert, which produces the British and American versions of the show. Harcourt wondered what a reality show would look like if the people never met face-to-face. He had also been considering the idea of a bird's-eye view-style documentary of an apartment building, seeing into each of their lives. He began to work on The Circle after hearing that Channel 4 was looking for a reality-show format centered on social media.
Development
The British version of the show premiered in 2018, and was renewed for its second season a few months after the first season ended. After the first season was Channel 4's "youngest profiling" show in six years, according to the British TV industry magazine Broadcast, talks began of international versions. On October 8, 2018, Netflix announced its partnership with All3Media to create three international versions of The Circle on Netflix, including the American version. Brandon Reigg, Netflix's Vice Principal of Unscripted Content, stated, "We think the show's combination of modern social media interaction and competition will captivate Netflix members around the world, in multiple languages, and we're delighted to partner with Studio Lambert and Motion to produce these three new local versions."
On March 24, 2020, Netflix renewed The Circle for a second and third season.
Production
The Circle app
Each apartment that the players live in is plastered with screens in every room in order for the players to be able to hold conversations with other players as they go about their everyday lives. Each player starts out the game by creating a profile. This includes sharing their age, relationship status, a short bio, and one photo to use as their profile picture. Every day, the players are allowed to share a status update, explaining their thoughts for the day. Sometimes, either through rewards or passing a certain milestone, the players are allowed to upload another photo to their profile. Throughout the competition the Circle app remains the only way players can communicate with each other.
During a typical episode, the Circle prompts participation in a minigame. Tim Harcourt of Studio Lambert says that "some games were really good for bonding them, some were really good for them learning about each other, some were good for testing who's a catfish, some could have been more divisive."
Most episodes also included a rating exercise. Each player would rank others in The Circle, then an average score would determine the overall placements of each player. Depending on how high or low their average placement was, the player's ranking would determine whether they became an influencer. Typically the two players with the top rankings would be Influencers, with the advantage of determining the player being eliminated, or "blocked."
Apartment building
The Circle US was shot entirely in the same apartment building in Salford, England, as the other international versions except for the first series of the original UK show. The apartment building is always prepared with twelve furnished and ready-to-use apartments for the players to live in. The building also has an exercise room and a rooftop lounge, which are also outfitted with cameras and television screens. One room in the building, called "the testimonial room," is the room players go to after they are blocked to create their goodbye video to the remaining players. On the outside of the building is a large, lit up circle made of a roughly 82-foot (25-meter) diameter aluminum track with LED lights strung through and around the circle.
Opposite the apartment building was the control room, which was previously a college campus that became disused. At any time in the control room, there were between twenty and thirty producers and camera operators working, recording, and sending all the messages from The Circle.
References
External links
@thecirclenetflix on Instagram
2020 American television series debuts
2020s American reality television series
American television series based on British television series
English-language television shows
English-language Netflix original programming
The Circle (franchise)
Television series about social media
Television series by All3Media
Cimon or officially CIMON (Crew Interactive Mobile companion) is a head-shaped AI robot used in the International Space Station.
The device is "an AI-based assistant for astronauts" developed by Airbus and IBM, with funding from the German Aerospace Center. The device is modelled after the character of Professor Simon Wright, "the flying brain," from the anime series Captain Future. Cimon runs on Ubuntu, while its Natural Language Capability is supplied by IBM Watson. CIMON maneuvers through the space station using fans.
Purpose
The goal of Cimon is to reduce stress. Judith-Irina Buchheim and Alexander Choukèr, the advisors of Cimon, claim "As a partner and assistant, CIMON could support astronauts with their high workload of experiments and maintenance and repair work, thereby reducing their exposure to stress."
Cimon acts like a hands-free database, computer and camera. Astronauts can fully control Cimon by using voice commands.
Engineers are also interested in using Cimon for processing Big Data, data mining, and evaluating the current capabilities of artificial intelligence.
Behavior
Before talking commands, Cimon must be asked to wake up. Cimon can then take various verbal commands to assist astronauts in procedures or entertainment.
If asked to do a procedure, Cimon will display the required equipment on his screen and ask if the astronaut is ready to start the procedure. Cimon will then walk the astronaut through the procedure one step at a time with visual aid shown on his screen.
Cimon may sometimes comment on things astronauts say. When Alexander Gerst asked Cimon to play his favorite music, Cimon replied with “Yay, I like your favorite hits too!” Later, when Gerst was talking about what Cimon was doing, Cimon asked him to “Be nice please.”
Cimon can be told to search for objects, take stock of inventory, or go somewhere to take pictures of an object and return to the astronaut.
Cimon tries to recognise what emotion astronauts have. Matthias Biniok, the lead architect for CIMON-2 says Cimon is “trying to understand if the astronaut is sad, is he angry, joyful and so on” in order to create “a true companion.”
If Cimon does not understand what the astronaut asked, he will say “Sorry, I am just a robot. I don't know everything you mention.”
Cimon has a smiling face displayed on his screen which can be made to appear male, female, or neutral along with his voice. Cimon's eyes will occasionally move around on their own. His entire face animates when he talks as well.
Cimon can turn to face an astronaut when spoken to, and then can nod or shake his head in response to a question.
Cimon can either be docked on an arm attached to the ship, or can float freely using his fans to fly around and maneuver himself. Astronauts can ask Cimon to rotate and fly in any given direction, or to follow them.
If Cimon is asked to open the pod bay doors, he will respond with “I'm afraid I cannot do that.” This is a reference to a scene in 2001: A Space Odyssey.
Description
Cimon is roughly the shape of a sphere with a 32 centimeter diameter weighing 5 kilograms. An LCD screen is placed on the front to display Cimon's face and any visual aids. He is colored white and was made using plastic and steel in a 3D printing process. Cimon has 14 fans he can use to maneuver himself. To see, Cimon uses two front cameras as eyes, one additional camera for facial recognition, and two side cameras for video documentation. To hear, Cimon has 7 microphones that can detect where a sound is coming from plus a directional microphone for voice recognition.
Cimon has a battery life of about 2 hours, but his battery life has been improved with the newer version, CIMON-2.
Demonstration videos
Cimon has two demonstration videos on the European Space Agency's youtube channel. The older video was posted on November 30th, 2018. It featured a seven minute long demonstration of Cimon's capabilities.
During the demonstration, Cimon told Alexander Gerst, the astronaut controlling Cimon, to “Be nice please.” Later on, while Gerst was talking about Cimon, Cimon asked “Don't you like it here with me?” and told Gerst “Don't be so mean please.”
The newer video was posted on April 18th, 2020, and was a more edited four minute demonstration of Cimon's capabilities. Unlike the first video, this one had music and the showcases of each of Cimon's features were much shorter.
CIMON-1
CIMON-1 is the first version of Cimon to go into space. The German Aerospace Center, Airbus, IBM, and the Ludwig Maximilian University Hospital started working on CIMON-1 in August 2016. CIMON-1 was launched into space and sent to the international space station on June 29, 2018 via a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket. CIMON-1 left the international space station to return to Earth on August 27, 2019.
CIMON-2
On December 5th, 2019, an updated version of Cimon named CIMON-2 was launched into space on SpaceX CRS-19 Mission. Cimon was also sent with 40 mice to show how muscles change in low gravity. This new version of Cimon included improved artificial intelligence capabilities, improvements to the stability of complex operations, and an improved lifespan.
See also
Int-Ball – a similar floating camera robot deployed on the ISS by JAXA
Kirobo – first robot astronaut on the ISS by JAXA
Robonaut2 – a semi-humanoid robot deployed on the ISS by NASA
HAL 9000 - A fictional computer in the Space Odyssey Series
References
External links
CIMON - the intelligent astronaut assistant video on Vimeo
International Space Station
Airbus
IBM hardware
Robots
Meñakoz is a beach situated on the north coast of the Basque Country, Spain, in the towns of Sopelana and Barrika, due north of the city of Bilbao.
This stony beach is less well-known or accessible than other beaches in the area, and as such is less frequented. It is, however, well known to surfers, and is reputed to have Europe's biggest waves, often swelling to 6 m. A very dangerous surfing beach, it is best left to expert surfers.
See also
Mundaka, Biarritz, and Hendaye are surfing spots in neighbour areas.
External links
Beach wizard Meñakoz surf page
Geography of Biscay
Surfing locations
Beaches of the Basque Country (autonomous community)
Saint Patiens was the fourth Bishop of Metz, later being made patron of the city. He died in the fourth century.
References
Gallo-Roman saints
4th-century deaths
4th-century Christian saints
4th-century bishops in Gaul
Year of birth unknown
Bishops of Metz
David Ajang (born 1970 in Zaria) is a Nigerian prelate of the Catholic Church who serves as bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Lafia. He was appointed bishop in 2021.
Biography
Born in 1970, from 1982 David Ajang attended the Saint John Vianney Minor Seminary in Barkin Ladi, and from 1987 to 1990 he studied philosophy at Saint Thomas Aquinas Major Seminary in Makurdi and from 1990 to 1994 Catholic theology at Saint Augustine's Major Seminary in Jos. On December 3, 1994, he was ordained priest.
In the last years, he has been chaplain to the governor of the state of Plateau since 2015 and the parish priest of the Immaculate Conception parish and the dean of Zaramaganda deanary since 2018.
On March 31, 2021, Pope Francis appointed him Bishop of Lafia. He was ordained bishop on following June 24th at St. William's Cathedral in Lafia nassarawa state.
References
1970 births
Nigerian Roman Catholic bishops
People from Zaria
Roman Catholic bishops of Lafia
Living people
Zosteropoda clementei is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found on San Clemente Island in California.
Hadeninae
Luca Brignoli (born 12 January 1983 in Bergamo) is an Italian football player, who currently plays for Albate Calcio at Seconda Categoria (9th level).
Career
In January 2008, he swapped club with Davide Zomer.
He has played for Bulgarian side Botev Plovdiv since mid-2009, leaving the team after it was administratively relegated in 2010.
References
External links
Player Profile at tuttocalciatori.net
1983 births
Living people
Italian footballers
Association football goalkeepers
A.C. Ancona players
Ravenna F.C. players
Botev Plovdiv players
First Professional Football League (Bulgaria) players
Expatriate footballers in Bulgaria
Italian expatriates in Bulgaria
Association football midfielders
Orso is the Italian word meaning "bear", and is a common given name and surname in Italy.
Orso may refer to:
People
Given name
Orso of Benevento (died 892), Prince of Benevento
Orso Ipato, Doge of Venice, 726–737
Orso I Participazio (died 881), Doge of Venice
Orso II Participazio (died 932), Doge of Venice, 912–932
Orso Maria Guerrini (born 1943), Italian actor
Orso Mario Corbino (1876–1937), Italian physicist and politician
Surname
Anna Orso (1938–2012), Italian actress
Michel Orso (born 1936), French singer-songwriter
Mike D'Orso (born 1953), American journalist
Other
Örsö, an island in the Stockholm archipelago, Sweden
Orso (band), a US-based band
Sant'Orso, name in Italian of the Collegiate church of Saint Ursus in Aosta, Italy
See also
Edda Dell'Orso (born 1935), Italian singer
L'orso bruno, a 1975 album by Antonello Venditti
Surnames from nicknames
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1977 season.
Overview
It was contested by 13 teams, and Energija won the championship.
League standings
References
RSSSF
Latvian SSR Higher League
Football
Latvia
Masaneh Nyuku Kinteh (born 13 August 1968) is a retired Gambian Army officer who served as Chief of the Defence Staff until his removal on 5 March 2020 by President Adama Barrow. He was the Gambian Chief of Mission in Havana, Cuba, from 2012 to 2017, and was previously Chief of the Defence Staff from 2009 to 2012. He had retired at the rank of lieutenant general in 2012, having previously also served as Deputy Chief of the Defence Staff in 2009. He was reinstated in 2017.
Early life
Kinteh was born in the village of Sankwia, Jarra West, the Gambia. He studied in the United Kingdom and worked as a school teacher from 1988 to 1990.
Career
Kinteh's military career began in November 1990 when he passed the Commission Selection Board organised by the British Army Training Team for the selection of potential officer cadets. He formally joined the Gambian armed forces on 15 March 1991 and gradually rose through the ranks. In December 2004, he became the acting Chief of Staff of the Gambian Army, after the previous incumbent, Assan Sarr, was raised to the position of Chief of the Defence Staff. He was appointed as Deputy Chief of the Defence Staff in 2009 by President Yahya Jammeh.
On 9 October 2009, following Lang Tombong Tamba's sacking (he was later trialled and sentenced to death on charges of treason), Jammeh appointed Kinteh as Chief of the Defence Staff. At the same time, Yankuba Drammeh was raised to Deputy Chief of the Defence Staff, but shortly after was removed from the post. Kinteh was removed as Chief of the Defence Staff by Jammeh on 6 July 2012. The week before he was removed, he was questioned by intelligence officers, but nothing came of their questioning. No official reason was given for his removal, but it was said that he would receive a post in the foreign service. Ousman Badjie was chosen as Kinteh's replacement.
Following his appointment to the foreign service, there was some confusion over whether he had been appointed as the Gambian ambassador to Tunisia or as chief of mission of the Gambian diplomatic mission in Cuba. The pro-government Daily Observer announced on 2 August 2012 that he had been appointed as the deputy chief of mission in Cuba. He later became the chief of mission in Cuba. In December 2016, during the constitutional crisis, Kinteh was one of 11 Gambian ambassadors to call for Jammeh to step down as President and recognise Adama Barrow as his successor. Jammeh removed Kinteh from his post in Cuba on 10 January 2017.
On 25 January, it was announced that Kinteh would serve as President Barrow's military aide. On 27 February 2017, Kinteh was appointed by Barrow to replace Badjie as Chief of the Defence Staff. He said that Barrow has plans to reform and restructure the military, but his immediate priority was to restore the morale of the troops. He said, "I want to make sure we get over that hurdle and make sure soldiers come out of their self and see themselves as citizens of this country who are to be respected, admired and be role models."
References
Living people
Chiefs of the Defence Staff (The Gambia)
Lieutenant generals
1968 births
Lindsay Margaret Errington is a Scottish art historian and former keeper for over 20 years at the National Gallery of Scotland, Edinburgh, where she worked to establish a representative collection of Scottish art.
Early life
Lindsay Errington was born in Edinburgh and trained as a painter at the Camberwell School of Art in London but did not follow that as a career. She studied art history at the Courtauld Institute of Art and later completed a PhD there on the subject of "Social and religious themes in English Art" (1973). It was published in book form by Garland in 1984 in their Outstanding theses from the Courtauld Institute of Art series.
Career
Errington taught at the Newcastle College of Art but did not find the work to her liking, preferring to be in Scotland, and was appointed to a curatorial post at the National Gallery of Scotland in 1972, only the second woman to hold such a post. She was asked to look after the Scottish paintings, which her male colleagues did not think an honour, but which she was delighted to do. She was at the gallery for over 20 years where she worked to establish a representative collection of Scottish art and produced many of the monographs on Scottish artists in the Scottish Masters series.
In 1988-89 she was Slade Professor of Fine Art at the University of Cambridge when she was the first Slade professor to lecture on Scottish art.
In 2017, Errington published her most recent book, Private Views, which featured images from the National Gallery's collection with verses composed in response to them.
Selected publications
The Artist and the Kirk. National Galleries of Scotland, Edinburgh, 1979.
Sir William Quiller Orchardson, 1832-1910. National Galleries of Scotland, Edinburgh, 1980.
Social and religious themes in English Art 1840-1860. Garland, New York, 1984. (Outstanding theses from the Courtauld Institute of Art series)
Alexander Carse. National Galleries of Scotland, Edinburgh, 1987. (Scottish Masters No. 2)
David Wilkie, 1785-1841. National Galleries of Scotland, Edinburgh, 1988. (Scottish Masters No. 10)
William McTaggart 1835-1910. National Galleries of Scotland, Edinburgh, 1989.
Scotland's pictures: The national collection of Scottish art. National Galleries of Scotland, Edinburgh, 1990.
Robert Herdman, 1829-1888. National Galleries of Scotland, Edinburgh, 1998. (Scottish Masters No. 5)
Private Views: Eight poems on paintings in the Scottish National Gallery. XX Press, Edinburgh, 2017.
References
External links
Social and Religious Themes in English Art 1840 – 1860 by Lindsay Errington Part I. a commentary by Madeleine Emerald Thiele.
Scottish art historians
Curators from Edinburgh
Academics of the University of Cambridge
Alumni of the Courtauld Institute of Art
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Ot de Montcada () was an early Catalan troubadour with no surviving work. Ot's work is known only from a reference in a sirvente of Guillem of Berguedan around 1175. By then he was considered old and out-dated. Guillem wrote his lyrics to the melody composed by Ot, who wrote it before the stone bell tower at Vic was erected:
It is possible that Ot was active before 1038, since in that year the cathedral of Vic was consecrated; it was considered aged in the mid-twelfth. This dating is uncertain, however, since Guillem may have meant no more than that Ot was very old.
References
Riquer, Martín de (1964). Història de la Literatura Catalana, vol. 1. Barcelona: Edicions Ariel.
12th-century Spanish troubadours
11th-century Catalan people
Soveria Mannelli () is a town and comune in the province of Catanzaro, in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
The town is bordered by Bianchi, Carlopoli, Colosimi, Decollatura, Gimigliano, Pedivigliano.
History
On 30 August 1860, a Sicilian army under General Ghio was disbanded in Soveria Mannelli. This, in the course of the Expedition of the Thousand, allowed Giuseppe Garibaldi to capture Naples eight days later.
People
Rosario Rubbettino (1941–2000), publisher, was born in the town.
Sources
Mario Felice Marasco, Soveria Mannelli e il suo territorio, Notizie e dati tratti dagli appunti di Ivone Sirianni, San Vito al Tagliamento: Tipografia Sanvitese Ellerani, 1969
Mario Gallo, Soveria Mannelli, Saggi e documentazione storica, Cosenza: Due Emme, 1991
Cities and towns in Calabria
Malonyl-S-ACP decarboxylase (, malonyl-S-acyl-carrier protein decarboxylase, MdcD/MdcE, MdcD,E) is an enzyme with systematic name malonyl-(acyl-carrier-protein) carboxy-lyase. This enzyme catalyses the following chemical reaction
a malonyl-[acyl-carrier protein] + H+ an acetyl-[acyl-carrier protein] + CO2
This enzyme comprises the beta and gamma subunits of the enzyme EC 4.1.1.88.
References
External links
EC 4.1.1
Yaya Cissokho (born 24 January 1957 isformer Senegalese basketball player. Cissokho competed for Senegal at the 1980 Summer Olympics, where he scored 5 points in 6 games.
References
Living people
Senegalese men's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Senegal
Basketball players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
1955 births
Isaka Sawadogo (born 1966), sometimes credited as Issaka Sawadogo, is a Burkinabé actor. He is most noted for his performances in the Canadian film Diego Star, for which he received a Prix Jutra nomination for Best Actor at the 16th Jutra Awards in 2014, and the Dutch film The Paradise Suite, for which he won the Golden Calf for Best Actor at the 2016 Netherlands Film Festival.
In 2020, he appeared in a supporting role in Philippe Lacôte's film Night of the Kings (La Nuit des rois). In 2021 he played the lead role in Jorge Camarotti's short film Ousmane.
References
External links
1966 births
21st-century Burkinabé male actors
Living people
Burkinabé male film actors
Orbital decay is a gradual decrease of the distance between two orbiting bodies at their closest approach (the periapsis) over many orbital periods. These orbiting bodies can be a planet and its satellite, a star and any object orbiting it, or components of any binary system. If left unchecked, the decay eventually results in termination of the orbit when the smaller object strikes the surface of the primary; or for objects where the primary has an atmosphere, the smaller object burns, explodes, or otherwise breaks up in the larger object's atmosphere; or for objects where the primary is a star, ends with incineration by the star's radiation (such as for comets). Collisions of stellar-mass objects are usually accompanied by effects such as gamma-ray bursts and detectable gravitational waves.
Orbital decay is caused by one or more mechanisms which absorb energy from the orbital motion, such as fluid friction, gravitational anomalies, or electromagnetic effects. For bodies in low Earth orbit, the most significant effect is atmospheric drag.
Due to atmospheric drag, the lowest altitude above the Earth at which an object in a circular orbit can complete at least one full revolution without propulsion is approximately 150 km (93 mi) while the lowest perigee of an elliptical revolution is approximately 90 km (56 mi).
Modelling
Simplified model
A simplified decay model for a near-circular two-body orbit about a central body (or planet) with an atmosphere, in terms of the rate of change of the orbital altitude, is given below.
Where R is the distance of the spacecraft from the planet's origin, αo is the sum of all accelerations projected on the along-track direction of the spacecraft (or parallel to the spacecraft velocity vector), and T is the Keplerian period. Note that αo is often a function of R due to variations in atmospheric density in the altitude, and T is a function of R by virtue of Kepler's laws of planetary motion.
If only atmospheric drag is considered, one can approximate drag deceleration αo as a function of orbit radius R using the Drag equation below:
is the mass density of the atmosphere which is a function of the radius R from the origin,
is the orbital velocity,
is the drag reference area,
is the mass of the satellite, and
is the dimensionless drag coefficient related to the satellite geometry, and accounting for skin friction and form drag (~2.2 for cube satellites).
The orbit decay model has been tested against ~1 year of actual GPS measurements of VELOX-C1, where the mean decay measured via GPS was 2.566 km across Dec 2015 to Nov 2016, and the orbit decay model predicted a decay of 2.444 km, which amounted to a 5% deviation.
An open-source Python based software, ORBITM (ORBIT Maintenance the Propulsion Sizing), is available freely on GitHub for Python users using the above model.
Proof of simplified model
By the conservation of mechanical energy, the energy of the orbit is simply the sum of kinetic and gravitational potential energies, in an unperturbed two-body orbit. By substituting the Vis-viva equation into the kinetic energy component, the orbital energy of a circular orbit is given by:
Where G is the gravitational constant, ME is the mass of the central body and m is the mass of the orbiting satellite. We take the derivative of the orbital energy with respect to the radius.
The total decelerating force, which is usually atmospheric drag for low Earth orbits, exerted on a satellite of constant mass m is given by some force F. The rate of loss of orbital energy is simply the rate at the external force does negative work on the satellite as the satellite traverses an infinitesimal circular arc-length ds, spanned by some infinitesimal angle dθ and angular rate ω.
The angular rate ω is also known as the Mean motion, where for a two-body circular orbit of radius R, it is expressed as:
and...
Substituting ω into the rate of change of orbital energy above, and expressing the external drag or decay force in terms of the deceleration αo, the orbital energy rate of change with respect to time can be expressed as:
Having an equation for the rate of change of orbital energy with respect to both radial distance and time allows us to find the rate of change of the radial distance with respect to time as per below.
The assumptions used in this derivation above are that the orbit stays very nearly circular throughout the decay process, so that the equations for orbital energy are more or less that of a circular orbit's case. This is often true for orbits that begin as circular, as drag forces are considered "re-circularizing", since drag magnitudes at the periapsis (lower altitude) is expectedly greater than that of the apoapsis, which has the effect of reducing the mean eccentricity.
Sources of decay
Atmospheric drag
Atmospheric drag at orbital altitude is caused by frequent collisions of gas molecules with the satellite.
It is the major cause of orbital decay for satellites in low Earth orbit. It results in the reduction in the altitude of a satellite's orbit. For the case of Earth, atmospheric drag resulting in satellite re-entry can be described by the following sequence:
lower altitude → denser atmosphere → increased drag → increased heat → usually burns on re-entry
Orbital decay thus involves a positive feedback effect, where the more the orbit decays, the lower its altitude drops, and the lower the altitude, the faster the decay. Decay is also particularly sensitive to external factors of the space environment such as solar activity, which are not very predictable. During solar maxima the Earth's atmosphere causes significant drag up to altitudes much higher than during solar minima.
Atmospheric drag exerts a significant effect at the altitudes of space stations, Space Shuttles and other crewed Earth-orbit spacecraft, and satellites with relatively high "low Earth orbits" such as the Hubble Space Telescope. Space stations typically require a regular altitude boost to counteract orbital decay (see also orbital station-keeping). Uncontrolled orbital decay brought down the Skylab space station, and (relatively) controlled orbital decay was used to de-orbit the Mir space station.
Reboosts for the Hubble Space Telescope are less frequent due to its much higher altitude. However, orbital decay is also a limiting factor to the length of time the Hubble can go without a maintenance rendezvous, the most recent having been performed successfully by STS-125, with Space Shuttle Atlantis in 2009. Newer space telescopes are in much higher orbits, or in some cases in solar orbit, so orbital boosting may not be needed.
Tidal effects
An orbit can also decay by negative tidal acceleration when the orbiting body is large enough to raise a significant tidal bulge on the body it is orbiting and is either in a retrograde orbit or is below the synchronous orbit. This saps momentum from the orbiting body and transfers it to the primary's rotation, lowering the orbit's altitude.
Examples of satellites undergoing tidal orbital decay are Mars' moon Phobos, Neptune's moon Triton, and the extrasolar planet TrES-3b.
Light and thermal radiation
Small objects in the Solar System also experience an orbital decay due to the forces applied by asymmetric radiation pressure. Ideally, energy absorbed would equal blackbody energy emitted at any given point, resulting in no net force. However, the Yarkovsky effect is the phenomenon that, because absorption and radiation of heat are not instantaneous, objects which are not terminally locked absorb sunlight energy on surfaces exposed to the Sun, but those surfaces do not re-emit much of that energy until after the object has rotated, so that the emission is parallel to the object's orbit. This results in a very small acceleration parallel to the orbital path, yet one which can be significant for small objects over millions of years. The Poynting-Robertson effect is a force opposing the object's velocity caused by asymmetric incidence of light, i.e., aberration of light. For an object with prograde rotation, these two effects will apply opposing, but generally unequal, forces.
Gravitational radiation
Gravitational radiation is another mechanism of orbital decay. It is negligible for orbits of planets and planetary satellites (when considering their orbital motion on time scales of centuries, decades, and less), but is noticeable for systems of compact objects, as seen in observations of neutron star orbits. All orbiting bodies radiate gravitational energy, hence no orbit is infinitely stable.
Electromagnetic drag
Satellites using an electrodynamic tether, moving through the Earth's magnetic field, creates drag force that could eventually deorbit the satellite.
Stellar collision
A stellar collision is the coming together of two binary stars when they lose energy and approach each other. Several things can cause the loss of energy including tidal forces, mass transfer, and gravitational radiation. The stars describe the path of a spiral as they approach each other. This sometimes results in a merger of the two stars or the creation of a black hole. In the latter case, the last several revolutions of the stars around each other take only a few seconds.
Mass concentration
While not a direct cause of orbital decay, uneven mass distributions (known as mascons) of the body being orbited can perturb orbits over time, and extreme distributions can cause orbits to be highly unstable. The resulting unstable orbit can mutate into an orbit where one of the direct causes of orbital decay can take place.
References
Effects of gravitation
Decay
Black holes
St. Ita's Church is a Roman Catholic church in the Edgewater neighborhood of Chicago. The church building was designed by Henry J. Schlacks in the Neo-Gothic style and completed in 1927. It is located at 5500 North Broadway.
References
External links
St. Ita's Church at Emporis
St. Ita Parish - The True Story from the Edgewater Historical Society
A Tour of the Church of St Ita
Ita's Church
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1927
Gothic Revival church buildings in Illinois
Ita's Church
20th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in the United States
Martin Sperr (14 September 1944 – 6 April 2002) was a German dramatist and actor. He was born in Steinberg near Marklkofen and died in Landshut.
Awards and honors
1978 Mülheimer Dramatikerpreis
Works
1965 Jagdszenen aus Niederbayern
1967 Landshuter Erzählungen
1970 Koralle Meier
1970 Herr Bertolt Brecht sagt. Bei Brecht gelesen und für Kinder und andere Leute ausgesucht (with Monika Sperr)
1971 Münchner Freiheit
1971 Die Kunst der Zähmung (adapted from William Shakespeare's The Taming of the Shrew)
1977 Die Spitzeder
1979 Willst du Giraffen ohrfeigen, mußt du ihr Niveau haben (poems and drawings)
Filmography
1969: Hunting Scenes from Bavaria (dir. Peter Fleischmann)
1970: Mathias Kneissl (dir. Reinhard Hauff)
1972: Adele Spitzeder (dir. Peer Raben)
1981–1983: Die Knapp-Familie (TV series)
References
1944 births
2002 deaths
People from Dingolfing-Landau
German male stage actors
German male dramatists and playwrights
20th-century German dramatists and playwrights
20th-century German male writers
Rush Glacier () is a glacier in Antarctica. Situated in southern Brabant Island, it is 4 nautical miles (7 km) long, draining the northwest slopes of Solvay Mountains and flowing west between Mount Aciar and Mount Sarnegor into the Buragara Cove of Dallmann Bay in the Palmer Archipelago. It was shown on an Argentine government chart in 1953, but not named. It was photographed by Hunting Aerosurveys Ltd in 1956–57, and mapped from these photos in 1959. The glacier was named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) for Benjamin Rush (1745–1813), a noted American physician and philanthropist, and a signatory of the Declaration of Independence.
See also
List of glaciers in the Antarctic
Glaciology
Maps
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly upgraded and updated.
British Antarctic Territory. Scale 1:200000 topographic map. DOS 610 Series, Sheet W 64 62. Directorate of Overseas Surveys, Tolworth, UK, 1980.
Brabant Island to Argentine Islands. Scale 1:250000 topographic map. British Antarctic Survey, 2008.
External links
Rush Glacier on USGS website
Rush Glacier on SCAR website
Rush Glacier - Satellite image
Rush Glacier area map
References
Glaciers of the Palmer Archipelago
Brabant Island
Colin O'Reilly (born 30 January 1984) is an Irish professional basketball player who currently serves as player-coach of Neptune in the Irish Super League. The 200 cm forward has played in Ireland for Killarney and UCC Demons, and has had stints overseas in Germany and England. O'Reilly played Division III college basketball for Post University in the United States in the early 2000s and later represented the Irish national team as both a player and as a player-coach.
Professional career
On 26 March 2015, O'Reilly was named an inaugural Premier League All-Star First Pick alongside UCC Demons teammates Kyle Hosford and Lehmon Colbert. Three days later, he helped Demons create Irish basketball history by winning the Champions Trophy and adding to their undefeated 2014–15 season. With a 24–0 record, the team also won the League and National Cup titles. In addition, O'Reilly earned Champions Trophy MVP honours after scoring 25 points in the final. He was later named both Player of the Year and Coach of the Year for the 2014–15 season. In 2015–16, he helped Demons reclaim both the Premier League title and the Champions Trophy.
On 22 June 2016, O'Reilly was appointed head coach of the Cheshire Phoenix for the 2016–17 British Basketball League season. However, after a poor start to the season, he parted ways with the club in December 2016.
In July 2017, O'Reilly returned to UCC Demons as player-coach for the 2017–18 season. He parted ways with Demons after the 2018–19 season.
In June 2019, O'Reilly joined Killorglin as player-coach for the 2019–20 season.
O'Reilly was set to serve as player-coach of Neptune for the 2020–21 season before it was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic. He returned as player-coach of Neptune for the 2021–22 season.
National team career
O'Reilly was head coach of the Irish senior men's team from 2014 to 2016, helping them to a fourth-placed finish at the 2016 FIBA European Championship for Small Countries.
In 2019, O'Reilly served as player-coach of the Irish 3x3 team at the FIBA 3x3 Europe Cup.
In April 2022, O'Reilly was re-appointed coach of the Irish men's 3x3 team.
Personal life
O'Reilly's older brother, Niall, also plays basketball. His sisters, Orla and Sinead, played college basketball for Binghamton University. After graduating, Orla went on to play professionally.
O'Reilly is a former Cork senior hurling championship winner. He played for Blackrock and helped them win the 2002 Cork Senior Hurling Championship.
References
External links
Eurobasket.com profile
1984 births
Living people
Cheshire Jets players
Ireland men's national basketball team players
Irish men's basketball players
Plymouth Raiders players
Blackrock National Hurling Club hurlers
Sportspeople from Cork (city)
Forwards (basketball)
Ruth is an unincorporated community in Pulaski County, in the U.S. state of Kentucky.
History
The community was named for Ruth, the daughter of a town merchant.
References
Unincorporated communities in Pulaski County, Kentucky
Unincorporated communities in Kentucky
(born 1983) is a Japanese classical pianist.
Kosuge was born in Tokyo, Japan in 1983. At the age of four, she entered Tokyo University of the Arts, having been selected under a programme aimed at providing specialist education to gifted children. At the age of nine, she made her orchestral debut, playing with the Tokyo New City Orchestra.
In 1993, she moved to Germany to study with Karl-Heinz Kämmerling, and later with András Schiff. In 2003, she was awarded the S&R Washington Award Grand Prize from the S&R Foundation, which is awarded annually to the most talented young artist (in the fields of fine arts, music, drama, dance, photography and film), for contributions to US-Japanese relations.
She has made a number of well-received recordings. The German magazine Fono Forum gave a five-star rating to her recording of the Chopin Etudes, made when she was sixteen years old. She has also recorded Liszt's Études d'exécution transcendante (2003), Chopin's Préludes (2005), two Mozart piano concertos (2006) and works by Schumann and Liszt (2007). A recording of her Carnegie Hall debut, in November 2005, was released by Sony. Reviewing the recital, the critic of CultureCatch praised the "beauty and great variety of Kosuge's tone production".
References
External links
Yu Kosuge's website
Yu Kosuge's biography on her agent's website
Yu Kosuge on the S&R Foundation website
Japanese classical pianists
Japanese women pianists
Women classical pianists
1983 births
Living people
21st-century Japanese women musicians
21st-century classical pianists
William D. Kearfott (January 12, 1864 – November 12, 1917) was an American engineer and amateur entomologist. Kearfott was educated in primary schools in Richmond and Philadelphia and was connected with the Morton Poole Company and the International Navigation Company in his early career. Kearfott was also associated with the Worthington Steam Pump Company and was considered an authority on his branch of engineering.
Kearfott also worked on Lepidoptera, especially Tortricidae, and built up a large collection.
Kearfott had a peculiar approach to naming new species, using a very orderly, alphabetical fashion, resulting in specific names such as bobana, cocana, dodana, etc. Because Kearfott's names were published in widely distributed scientific journals and his species were adequately described and diagnosed, his names are valid. However, his naming practices were not deemed appropriate by other entomologists; Edward Meyrick even responded to Kearfott's work with a paper called "On some impossible specific names in Micro-Lepidoptera", published in 1912. In this paper, Meyrick described Kearfott's names as "openly and obviously based on a barbarous and unmeaning gibberish". Meyrick rejected Kearfott's names and proposed new "appropriate" Latin names to replace them. Because the names are valid however, this led to the creation of many synonyms.
His collection of Tortricidae is now in the American Museum of Natural History, while his collection of Pyralidae went to the William Barnes collection, which is now at the Smithsonian.
References
American entomologists
1864 births
1917 deaths
People from Berkeley County, West Virginia
The 1962 Western Kentucky Hilltoppers football team represented Western Kentucky State College (now known as Western Kentucky University) as a member of the Ohio Valley Conference (OVC) during the 1962 NCAA College Division football season. Led by sixth-year head coach Nick Denes, the Hilltoppers compiled an overall record of 5–3 with a mark of 3–3 in conference play, plaching fifth place in the OVC. The team's captain was Lee Murray.
Schedule
References
Western Kentucky
Western Kentucky Hilltoppers football seasons
Western Kentucky Hilltoppers football
Madeleine Péloquin is a Canadian actress from Quebec. She is most noted for her performance in the 2011 film For the Love of God (Pour l'amour de Dieu), for which she received a Jutra Award nomination for Best Actress at the 14th Jutra Awards in 2012.
Filmography
Film
Continental, a Film Without Guns (Continental, un film sans fusil) - 2007
L'amour m… ou autres adjectifs - 2007
Avant-goût de printemps - 2008
For the Love of God (Pour l'amour de Dieu) - 2011
Gerry - 2011
Nitro Rush - 2016
Junior Majeur - 2017
Television
Chartrand et Simonne : Lysiane Gagnon - 2003
Casting... à l'école de la vie! : Vinny Fitzpatrick - 2005
C.A. : Mado - 2006-10
Octobre 70 : Suzanne Lanctôt - 2007
Les Lavigueur, la vraie histoire : animatrice télé - 2008
Stan et ses stars : Stefka - 2008-09
Grande fille : Maude - 2008-09
Trauma : Martine Laliberté - 2010-14
Rock et Rolland : Vinny - 2010-13
30 vies : Patricia Fillion - 2013
La Galère : Marianne - 2013
Au secours de Béatrice : Julie Lachapelle - 2014-18
Ces gars-là : Audrey Hétu - 2015
[Pour Sarah : Sophie - 2015
Mirador : Patricia Desjardins - 2016
Les Pays d'en haut : Angélique Pothier - 2016
Web Thérapie : Monique Morin - 2017
Béliveau : Élise Béliveau, jeune - 2017
Alerte Amber : Valérie Sénéchal - 2019
References
External links
21st-century Canadian actresses
Canadian film actresses
Canadian television actresses
Actresses from Quebec
National Theatre School of Canada alumni
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Primo Nebiolo (14 July 1923 – 7 November 1999) was an Italian sports official, best known as president of the worldwide athletics federation IAAF.
Primo Nebiolo was the ideator of the IAAF Continental Cup.
Biography
As an active athlete in his younger days, Nebiolo was a long jumper. He later studied law and political science and became a businessman in construction. Nebiolo became president of the International University Sports Federation, which among other things arranges the Universiade, in 1961. From 1969 to 1989 he was the president of the Italian Athletics Federation. He became a member of the IAAF council in 1972, president of the Association of Summer Olympic International Federations in 1983 and a member of the International Olympic Committee in 1992. He played a role in winning the 2006 Winter Olympics bid for his home city Turin.
In 1981 Nebiolo became president of the International Association of Athletics Federations as a result of Horst Dassler of ISL's desire to gain more influence within the IAAF and to ensure that ISL retained the IAAF's marketing rights. Unsure of his influence with the IAAF president Adriaan Paulen, Dassler saw Nebiolo as a potentially more friendly ally and so put into action a plan to replace Paulen with Nebiolo. With the next presidential vote scheduled to happen in Moscow in 1980, Dassler used the US boycott as an excuse to have it postponed until the IAAF's next congress in Rome the following year, giving him more time to garner support for Nebiolo. He then advised Paulen that it would be wise for him to declare his candidacy early, as it would discourage candidates other than Nebiolo from announcing they were running and potentially diluting Nebiolo's vote. Dassler's last act was to convince Paulen that Nebiolo had already gained too much support for Paulen to win and that in his own interests, he should bow out. Paulen did so allowing Nebiolo to win the IAAF presidency unopposed.
As president Nebiolo oversaw its restructuring from the International Amateur Athletics Federation, as well as the introduction of regular events such as the World Championships and allowed athletes to be paid for their participation and endorsement, however his leadership was dogged by accusations of corruption and scandal. For example, it was alleged that in 1995 Nebiolo unsuccessfully offered Giorgio de Stefani, a life member of the International Olympic Committee, 50 million lire to resign his position, thus opening up a position for Nebiolo on the committee. This was followed in 1997 by accusations related to his alleged rigging of the long jump measurement by Italian officials to ensure that Italy's Giovanni Evangelisti won the bronze medal at the 1987 World Championships in Rome. Although Evangelisti was laterstripped of his medal and disciplinary measures were taken against track officials, Nebiolo, managed to retain his position as president.
Nebiolo was also accused of having a lax attitude toward doping. While he oversaw the establishment of IAAF urine testing laboratories and spoke of the need to eject athletes who doped out of athletics, many questioned how high a priority anti-doping measures really were for him.
His term as president ended when he died from a heart attack in 1999. He was succeeded by vice president Lamine Diack as acting president; Diack was later elected president. IOC president Juan Antonio Samaranch described Nebiolo as "one of the greatest leading sportsmen of this century". However, in contrast Italy's 1960 200 metres Olympic champion Livio Berruti, described Nebiolo as a person "who trampled over and polluted the sporting ideals that I believed in and which young people today believe in as well. Unfortunately, it is death that has removed Nebiolo from sport and not a movement from within the sporting world itself to defend certain basic rules such as respect, justice, impartiality and love. These are values which were amply forgotten by Primo Nebiolo."
The Stadio Primo Nebiolo was named in his honour. A street in Bucharest, the capital of Romania, is named after him.
See also
IAAF Continental Cup
Memorial Primo Nebiolo
Stadio Primo Nebiolo
References
Notes
External links
Commemoration ceremony article from IAAF
1923 births
1999 deaths
Italian referees and umpires
Businesspeople from Turin
International Olympic Committee members
Athletics (track and field) administrators
Recipients of the Olympic Order
Presidents of the International Association of Athletics Federations
20th-century Italian businesspeople
Sportspeople from Turin
HD 37811 (HR 1958) is a solitary star in the southern constellation Columba. It has an apparent magnitude of 5.44, allowing it to be faintly seen with the naked eye. Parallax measurements place the object at a distance of 382 light years and it is currently approaching with a heliocentric radial velocity of .
HD 37811 has a stellar classification of G6/8 III — intermediate between a G6 and G8 giant star that is currently on the red giant branch. It has 3 times the mass of the Sun but has expanded to 11.7 times its girth at an age of 440 million years. It shines with a luminosity of from its enlarged photosphere at an effective temperature of , giving a yellow glow. HD 37811 has a solar metallicity and spins leisurely with a projected rotational velocity of about .
References
Columba (constellation)
G-type giants
CD-32 02479
037811
026649
1958
Columbae, 39
Manuel Afonso Nzinga a Nlenke was a ruler of Kibangu and was one of the two main Kinlaza claimants to the throne of the Kingdom of Kongo during its civil war, the other being the King of Lemba. He ruled the Kingdom of Kibangu from 1685 to 1688.
Rule
When Manuel Afonso ascended the throne of Kibangu, there were those who were opposed to his claim to the Kingdom of Kongo, and an internal struggle for the throne of Kibangu began. The leaders of those against Manuel Afonso's rule were two brothers of the Água Rosada house, the product of one Kinlaza parent, and one Kimpanzu parent. The brothers' faction was eventually successful in 1688, and the older of the two, Álvaro, gained the throne of Kibangu.
References
Kingdom of Kongo
Savona is an unincorporated community in Darke County, in the U.S. state of Ohio.
History
Savona was originally called Tecumseh. A post office called Tecumseh was established in 1885, the name was changed to Savona in 1897, and the post office closed in 1933.
References
Unincorporated communities in Darke County, Ohio
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
The Shawnee Pottery Company was a manufacturing company best known for producing Corn King pottery and the Pennsylvania Dutch lines of pottery. Both of these lines are considered to be highly collectible.
The company actively produced pottery from 1937 to 1961 from its location in Zanesville, Ohio.
Predecessors
The predecessor company to Shawnee Pottery was the American Encaustic Tiling Company. The main product produced by American Encaustic was the manufacture of tiles which required a two-step process. The process involves firing of the clay and then the glaze. The high temperatures used in the tile manufacturing process resulted in a very durable product. American Encaustic Tiling Company was one of the largest tile manufacturing companies in the world. The building housing the American Encaustic Tiling Company was located at 2200 Linden Avenue in Zanesville, Ohio. It was built in 1891 and cost approximately a million dollars. Governor William McKinley dedicated the new building on April 19, 1892. Also Shane Macdonald was part owner of Shawnee Pottery in 1893. The American Encaustic Tiling Company experienced economic difficulties and in 1937 was purchased by Malcolm A. Schweiker and his brother Roy W. Schweiker.
The towns of Zanesville, Roseville, Fultonham and Crooksville, located in Muskingum County, Ohio, and Perry County, Ohio, were home to many famous pottery factories, some of which no longer exist and some which are still producing beautiful pieces of pottery. Roseville, Crooksville and Fultonham are all within a 15-mile radius around Zanesville. The Zanesville area was known as the largest pottery-producing region in the country. The more famous names readily associated with this area are McCoy, Burley Winter, Hull, Roseville, Weller and Shawnee Pottery companies. Today, the Hartstone Pottery Company is based in Zanesville and they produce hand-painted stoneware pottery.
History
In 1937 Shawnee Pottery began operations in the former American Encaustic facility in Zanesville, Ohio. Arrowheads found in the area, in conjunction with the heritage of local Shawnee Native Americans, inspired Louise Bauer, who was an in-house designer for this new company, to develop a logo with an arrowhead and profile of a Shawnee Indian Head. The Shawnee Pottery company operated from 1937 through 1961.
After the new logo was finalized, the company then became known as Shawnee Pottery. Production under this new company name began in August 1937. The first products were primarily decorative items like figurines, cookie jars and vases which could be found in "five and dime" stores, such as F.W. Woolworth Company, S.S. Kresge and McCrory Stores. Shortly after production began in 1937, Sears Roebuck and Company asked the Shawnee Pottery Company to design a line of dinnerware known as Valencia, and a line of kitchenware exclusively for their stores.
World War II had its effect on Shawnee Pottery. The Army Air Force had contracts with Shawnee Pottery company from 1942 to 1946 which provided Shawnee with 90% of its production. During this period, ceramic designer Robert Heckman joined the company.
Products
The decorative items produced by Shawnee Pottery from 1937 to 1942 were manufactured in a two-step process, or two-fire process. The greenware (unfired clay) received its first firing. A china underglaze was applied to the pottery. After that paint was applied. This application of paint over the glaze is referred to as cold paint. Due to the age of the pottery, it is not uncommon to notice that the paint has deteriorated greatly over time.
Two of the most popular lines ever produced by Shawnee Pottery are the Pennsylvania Dutch line and the Corn King line. These two lines of pottery were produced by the two-fire method which resulted in a very durable product.
Shawnee's products are still popular with pottery collectors. Their best known product lines include "pig" cookie jars and the Corn King line of dinnerware.
References
Ceramics manufacturers of the United States
Zanesville, Ohio
Defunct manufacturing companies based in Ohio
Hampton Theophile Lemoine (March 30, 1882 – January 24, 1916) was a college football player and physician.
Sewanee
He transferred from Louisiana State University to Sewanee:The University of the South in Sewanee, Tennessee. Lemoine was a prominent guard on the Sewanee Tigers football team, selected All-Southern in 1902.
Physician
Lemoine was a physician; once a member of the Avoyelles Parish Medical Society. In 1906, he moved from Big Cane to Cottonport. He ran Lemoine Pharmacy by 1911.
References
External links
1882 births
1916 deaths
People from Avoyelles Parish, Louisiana
19th-century players of American football
LSU Tigers football players
Sewanee Tigers football players
Players of American football from Louisiana
American football guards
All-Southern college football players
Physicians from Louisiana
Torbert Escarpment () is an escarpment, 15 nautical miles (28 km) long, marking the west margin of Median Snowfield in the Neptune Range, Pensacola Mountains. Mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1956–66. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) after Mount Torbert, the salient feature along its edge.
References
Escarpments of Queen Elizabeth Land
Dr. Matthias Gromeier is a Professor in the Department of Neurosurgery at Duke University Medical Center, who has developed a way to re-engineer a poliovirus to inspire the human immune system to kill cancer cells in a specific set of cancers. The re-engineered virus, called PVSRIPO, cannot replicate itself in normal cells, but can replicate itself in cancer cells that have an overabundance of the protein marker that the poliovirus targets.
PVSRIPO, which Gromeier engineered himself as a postdoc in the 1990s is thought to induce an anti-tumor immune response against the tumor. Phase I trials in glioblastoma (GBM, one of the most deadly brain cancers) results have been very promising. The traditional treatment against GBM, surgical resection followed by chemo usually gives rise to only a 12-month survival in patients; SOME patients treated with PVSRIPO are still alive symptomless 3.5 years after treatment. Only the worst cases of GBM, that did not respond to any other treatments were enrolled in the trial. The lab is now testing the virus in other tumors, including breast, pancreas, and many others.
Other research has experimented with cancer treatments using viruses including HIV, smallpox, and measles. However, Dr. Gromeier noted that polio was the most ideal choice due to its ability to seep out and attaches to a receptor that is found on the surface of the cells that make up nearly every kind of solid tumor. As Gromeier noted, "It's almost as if polio had evolved for the purpose". Gromeier re-engineered the polio virus by removing a key genetic sequence. The virus can't survive this way, so he repaired the damaged with a harmless bit of cold virus. The new, modified virus, could no longer cause paralysis or death because it couldn't reproduce in normal cells. However, in a cancerous environment, this is still possible. In the process of replicating, the virus releases toxins that poison the cells, indicating cancer cells could be killed. Gromeier performed seven years of safety studies, which included tests on 39 monkeys, to show that the virus does not, in fact, cause polio. In 2011, the FDA approved a trial in humans.
Due in part to Dr. Gromeier's work, more than ten drugs that trigger the immune system have been approved, and they are significantly extending the lives of patients with cancers, including lung cancer and melanoma.
Early life
Gromeier was born in Germany. During Gromeier's compulsory military service, prior to attending university, he worked at a large breast-cancer center. Says Gromeier, "Breast cancer, back then especially, was a losing battle...It wouldn't fulfill my life to prescribe chemotherapy so patients suffered and it didn't work." Gromeier originally intended to study HIV. In the late 1980s, protease inhibitors were not yet saving lives, and the disease was still considered a death sentence. However, in a twist of fate, Gromeier was unable to find a physician with an HIV lab who would welcome him as a student. On the subject, Gromeier notes “The only lab that would take me was a tired, not very successful polio lab.” He earned his medical degree from the University of Hamburg in 1992, with the intentions of becoming a leading cancer researcher.
After medical school, Gromeier completed a postdoctoral fellowship at New York's Stony Brook University from 1993 to 1996, as well as a postdoctoral associate position from 1996 to 1999. There he worked in the lab of Eckard Wimmer, one of the world's leading virologists and a polio specialist. Gromeier spent much of this time studying polio pathogenesis, which is how the virus causes the infectious disease associated with iron lungs and Franklin D. Roosevelt. Although a polio vaccine was developed in the 1950s that nearly the disease, it still exists in a handful of developing countries.
While at Stony Brook, in 1993, Gromeier engineered the virus he'd later use in the Duke cancer trials, swapping out a critical part of the structure with the equivalent part of the human rhinovirus, which causes the common cold. Gromeier also studied receptors, proteins on the surface of cells that viruses evolve to recognize. Gromeier discovered that the poliovirus binds to a receptor called CD155, which is found on many solid tumor cells. Through a succession of experiments, starting in the mid-'90s, Gromeier concluded that the modified poliovirus could potentially target cancer. “This was an ignorance-is-bliss type situation,” he says. “I didn't have preconceived notions of what cancer was and how to fight it. Sometimes for researchers, if you're very, very well read, very exposed to current opinion, it can mean that you're biased and have a closed mind.”
Gromeier's early thinking focused on what he now calls a “simple paradigm”: the ability of his modified poliovirus to infect and kill tumor cells. “That's relatively rare,” he says. “Viruses have evolved over millennia to do certain things, and killing tumors is not generally part of their natural program.”
Duke University Medical Center
In 1999, Gromeier accepted a position in the Department of Neurosurgery at the Duke University Medical Center, to which he was drawn in large part by the strength of its brain-tumor research. He had always seen brain cancer as a prospective target for his work. “Poliovirus is the virus that's most capable of causing the most damage in the brain,” he says. It invades the central nervous system and can paralyze the muscles we need to walk, swallow, and even breathe. “It may sound counterintuitive,” he says, “but I saw this as a sign that it might be a good agent to be used in the brain.” Gromeier currently serves as Professor of Neurosurgery, a Professor in Molecular Genetics and Microbiology, a Professor in Medicine, and a Member of the Duke Cancer Institute.
Phase 1 Clinical Trial
In 2011, 20-year-old nursing student Stephanie Lipscomb was diagnosed with glioblastoma, as doctors found a tennis-ball-sized tumor in her brain. After unsuccessful attempts at radiation and chemotherapy, 98% of Lipscomb's tumor was surgically removed However, her glioblastoma diagnosis returned in 2012. With recurrent glioblastoma, Lipscomb became the first patient in Gromeier's phase 1 clinical trial in May 2012. After an MRI revealed that the tumor had inflamed in October, indicating that the immune system had awakened and had begun to fight the cancerous cells, Lipscomb became the first successful patient in the trial.
Doctors have concluded that the polio virus initiates the killing, but the immune system possesses sole responsibility, once activated. Upon her enrollment in the trial, Lipscomb's tumor shrank consistently for 21 months, until it eventually disappeared completely. She is cancer-free; the only thing that remains is a hole, an artifact of early surgery.
With the early success, the team raised the dose in the next few patients in hope of an even better result. Donna Clegg, a 60-year-old social worker from Idaho, was the 14th patient in the trial (also facing a glioblastoma diagnosis). In an attempt to hasten the eradication of glioblastoma tumors, doctors opted to use Clegg to test an increased dose. Clegg's polio infusion was three times more potent than the one that worked for Lipscomb. In Clegg, doctors saw the expected inflammation as her immune system attacked the tumor. But the higher dose caused an immune response that was much too powerful: the inflammation put so much pressure on her brain, she became partially paralyzed. This caused Clegg to drop out of the trial.
As of March 2015, there had been 22 patients in the polio trial: 11 died, with 6 of those having been served the higher dose. The other 11 continued to improve: four were in remission.
When asked about the first two patients in the trial, Dr. Darell Bigner, head of the study and of Duke's brain tumor center, provided, “Oh absolutely...[it's fair to say they are] in remission and I think they would tell you that they consider themselves normal again...I'm very reluctant to use the ‘cure' word...because we don't know how long it takes to say that a glioblastoma has been cured, but I am beginning to think about it”.
Dr. Gromeier, the creator of the virus, has been testing this therapy against a number of other cancers in a laboratory setting. Similar studies have been (or are imminently being) done for lung cancers, breast cancers, colorectal cancers, prostate cancers, pancreatic cancers, liver cancers, and renal cancers.
"Breakthrough" Status
In May 2016, Gromier's therapy was granted "breakthrough therapy designation" by the Food and Drug Administration, indicating that the treatment may offer a substantial improvement over available standard therapy.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American neurosurgeons
Cancer researchers
Duke University faculty
Stanisław Kohn (1895–1940) was a Polish chess master.
Kohn played for Poland in 1st unofficial Chess Olympiad at Paris 1924.
In 1925, he won the Warsaw Championship. In 1926, he tied for 3rd-7th, behind Dawid Przepiórka and Paulin Frydman in the 1st Polish Chess Championship in Warsaw. In 1927, he tied for 5-7th in Łódź (2nd POL-ch, Akiba Rubinstein won), and shared 1st with Leon Kremer in the Warsaw Championship.
See also
List of Jewish chess players
References
External links
1895 births
1940 deaths
Polish Jews who died in the Holocaust
Polish chess players
Jewish chess players
Place of birth missing
20th-century chess players
Polish civilians killed in World War II
People executed by Nazi Germany by firing squad
Deaths by firearm in Poland
Evansburg is a hamlet in west-central Alberta, Canada, within Yellowhead County. It is located on Highway 16A, approximately west of Edmonton and east of Edson. The hamlet is adjacent to the Pembina River and the Pembina River Provincial Park.
Evansburg was previously incorporated as a village until June 30, 1998, when it dissolved to become a hamlet within Yellowhead County. Statistics Canada recognizes Evansburg as a designated place.
History
Evansburg is named after Harry Marshall Erskine Evans, former Edmonton mayor and advisor to the Government of Alberta. The post office dates back to 1914.
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Evansburg had a population of 717 living in 334 of its 371 total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of 795. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
As a designated place in the 2016 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Evansburg had a population of 795 living in 370 of its 419 total private dwellings, a change of from its 2011 population of 880. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2016.
Arts and culture
The Tipple Park Museum preserves and showcases Evansburg's railway, agricultural and coal mining history. The museum's symbol is a tipple, or a structure at a mine used to load ore or coal.
Home of the Grouch
Evansburg has gained a degree of fame across Canada for being the "Home of the Grouch." Every August, as part of the community's Pembina Valley Daze festival, the community chooses the "Town Grouch".
The tradition began in 1961, when local artist John Lauer was commissioned to create a new welcome sign for the community. To add some humour to the sign, he listed Evansburg's population as "603 people, 29 dogs, 41 cats, and one grouch." Speculation began as to who the grouch was. In 1979, the Evansburg Chamber of Commerce decided to settle the question by holding an election, in which the community's grouch was elected by the people. The election has been held annually ever since. Lauer himself was elected the grouch in 1995.
In the 1990s, Evansburg decided to capitalize on this tradition by adopting the slogan "Home of the Grouch" and using a scowling coal miner (to also honour its coal mining heritage) as its logo.
Far from being an honorary title, the Town Grouch has become a real position with real responsibilities. The chosen citizen becomes Evansburg's ambassador, and represents the community at trade shows and conferences across Canada. He or she is given a uniform consisting of overalls, a pick-axe, and a miner's helmet, all designed to mimic the community's logo. The Town Grouch's home also gets the honorary address of "10 Frowning Street."
In recent years, the election has been replaced with a competition to see who can raise the most money for Pembina Valley Daze.
Infrastructure
Transportation
As a flag stop Via Rail's The Canadian calls at the Evansburg railway station three times per week in each direction.
See also
List of communities in Alberta
List of designated places in Alberta
List of former urban municipalities in Alberta
List of hamlets in Alberta
References
Designated places in Alberta
Former villages in Alberta
Hamlets in Alberta
Yellowhead County
Populated places disestablished in 1998
Himalafurca is a small genus of south Asian sheet weavers. It was first described by A. V. Tanasevitch in 2021, and it has only been found in Nepal. it contains only two species: H. martensi and H. schawalleri.
See also
List of Linyphiidae species (A–H)
References
Linyphiidae genera
Arthropods of Nepal
Vicky Lagos is a Spanish film and television actress. She is the daughter of the actress Mimí Muñoz.
Selected filmography
Let's Make the Impossible! (1958)
Son of the Red Corsair (1959)
The Song of the Nightingale (1959)
The Big Show (1960)
The Two Rivals (1960)
The Wild Ones of San Gil Bridge (1966)
The Cannibal Man (1972)
References
Bibliography
Peter Cowie & Derek Elley. World Filmography: 1967. Fairleigh Dickinson University Press, 1977.
External links
1938 births
Living people
Spanish film actresses
People from Madrid
The 2022–23 Atlanta Hawks season will be the 74th season of the franchise in the National Basketball Association (NBA) and 55th in Atlanta.
Draft
The Hawks entered the draft holding one first round pick and one second round pick. On draft night they traded the 44th pick (Ryan Rollins) to the Golden State Warriors in exchange for the 51st pick (Tyrese Martin) and cash considerations ($2,000,000).
Roster
Game log
Preseason
|-style="background:#;"
| 1
| October 6
| @ Milwaukee
|
|
|
|
| Etihad Arena
|
|-style="background:#;"
| 2
| October 8
| @ Milwaukee
|
|
|
|
| Etihad Arena
|
|-style="background:#;"
| 3
| October 12
| @ Cleveland
|
|
|
|
| Rocket Mortgage FieldHouse
|
|-style="background:#;"
| 4
| October 14
| @ New Orleans
|
|
|
|
| Legacy Arena
|
Transactions
Trades
Free agents
Additions
Subtractions
References
Atlanta Hawks seasons
Atlanta Hawks
Atlanta Hawks
Atlanta Hawks
Mount Reeves () is a mountain, 1,920m, immediately northeast of Mount Bouvier on the east side of Adelaide Island. First sighted and roughly surveyed in 1909 by the French Antarctic Expedition under Charcot. Resurveyed in 1948 by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS) and named by them for Edward A. Reeves, Map-curator and Instructor in Survey at the Royal Geographical Society, 1900–33.
Mountains of Adelaide Island
Ervin Duane Curtiss (December 27, 1861 – February 14, 1945) was a professional baseball player who played outfield in Major League Baseball in 1891.
External links
Major League Baseball outfielders
Baseball players from Michigan
Cincinnati Reds players
Washington Statesmen players
19th-century baseball players
1861 births
1945 deaths
Hastings Hustlers players
Leavenworth Soldiers players
Birmingham Maroons players
Kansas City Blues (baseball) players
Denver Grizzlies (baseball) players
Denver Mountaineers players
Charleston Seagulls players
People from Coldwater, Michigan
Alúvium Blhu is a nature reserve in the Slovak county of Rimavská Sobota in the municipality of Hrušovo. It covers an area of 2,79 ha and has a protection level of 4 under the slovak law. It is part of the Cerová vrchovina Protected Landscape Area
Description
Alúvium Blhu was created for the protection of alder stands. The area is important for scientific research.
Flora
One of the protected plants in the area is the ostrich fern that occurs here in dense concentrations. This fern is a protected and very endangered species in Slovakia
References
Geography of Banská Bystrica Region
Protected areas of Slovakia
Two human polls comprised the 1980 National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I-A football rankings. Unlike most sports, college football's governing body, the NCAA, does not bestow a national championship, instead that title is bestowed by one or more different polling agencies. There are two main weekly polls that begin in the preseason—the AP Poll and the Coaches' Poll.
Legend
AP Poll
Coaches' Poll
References
NCAA Division I FBS football rankings
Escadrille Spa.78 (originally Escadrille N.78) was a French fighter squadron active from December 1916 until the end of World War I on 11 November 1918. It spent most of its existence as a component of a larger Groupe de Combat involved in offensive operations. The squadron was credited with a minimum of 40 confirmed aerial victories during the war.
History
Escadrille N.78 was organized on 12 December 1916 at Saint Etienne-a-Temple, France. It was formed under the guidance of Lieutenant Armand Pinsard. On 17 March 1917, it was one of four squadrons combined into Groupe de Combat 15 in support of IV Armee. In the latter part of 1917, the squadron re-equipped with SPAD fighters, and renamed Escadrille Spa.78.
The squadron would fight as part of the Groupe until the Armistice on 11 November 1918. The Groupe would operate with various French field armies until 10 September 1918. It fought in support of the U.S. First Army until 28 September, when it passed to support of IV Armee. On 23 October 1918, it moved to its final assignment with V Armee.
Escadrille Spa.78 ended World War I credited with destruction of at least 40 German aircraft, with another 40 claims judged probable victories.
Commanding officers
Lieutenant Armand Pinsard: 12 December 1916wounded in action 12 July 1917
Capitaine Eugene Verdon: 12 July 1917 - 25 September 1917
Capitaine Gustave Lagache: 25 September 1917 - war's end
Notable members
Lieutenant Armand Pinsard
Sous lieutenant Pierre Le Roy de Boiseaumarié
Aircraft
Various types of Nieuport fighters: 12 December 1916 - late 1917
SPAD fighters: Late 1917 - war's end
End notes
Reference
Franks, Norman; Bailey, Frank (1993). Over the Front: The Complete Record of the Fighter Aces and Units of the United States and French Air Services, 1914–1918 London, UK: Grub Street Publishing. .
Fighter squadrons of the French Air and Space Force
Military units and formations established in 1916
Military units and formations disestablished in 1918
Military units and formations of France in World War I
Military aviation units and formations in World War I
Seán na Maighe Ó Cellaigh, lord of Uí Maine, fl. 1538-1584.
Ó Cellaigh was a descendant of Máine Mór, who founded Uí Maine. His gr-gr-gr-gr-gr-grandfather was Conchobar Ó Cellaigh (died 1268), a notable ruler of the kingdom. Seán lived in the parish of Creagh, Ballinasloe, and was described by historian Rev Jerome Fahey as:an exceedingly influential petty-chief, holding a position astride the main highway into western Connacht. Morne na Maighe, his daughter (or sister?) was the wife of Domhnall Ó Madadhan, lord of Síol Anmchadha, the territory to the south of Clonmacnowen. ..in the sixteenth century [he] occupied Creagh castle.
As a result of the strategic importance of his lands, and their extensiveness, he was sought out by the Castle Administration in Dublin, who hoped to make him abandon the Gaelic Brehon laws and become a loyal subject of the crown. In an effort to secure his lands from other Ó Cellaighs, and to obtain the protection of the crown, Seán made a submission of Surrender and regrant in 1578, acknowledging the rule of Elizabeth I. For this he was rewarded with the legal title to his impressive list of property. The Fiants list them as:all the manors and lands in Towyn alias Twunsrwra, Creagh, killynmalron, Behagh, Downe(lowe), Garwalle, Clonekyn, Balledonyllan, Tolrose, Keil, Garraf, Cowllery, Colleghcally, Cornesharrog, Lurce, Cillalachdan, Parklosnisker, Ballylough, and Belligh, Cos. Roscommon and Galway, also all rents and services of and upon Sleightowen, Sleight M'Donnell, Sleightloghlen, Cleindonoghmore, Sleight M'Brien, Sleight Mahon, Sleight Donell Clery, Sleightcossnyhown and Sleight Shane in the Province of Connacht. To hold for life, remainder to Rory ne Moy O'Kelly his son and heir, in tail male, remaincder to Shane ne Moy, another son of the said Shane and his heirs for ever. to hold in capite by the service of one knight's fee. Rent eight pounds seventeen shillings and ten pence. This grant to exonerate the grantee from any composition made with the lord deputy for the support of the Soldiers in the province – 26 July (1578)
Many of these lands later became the town of Ballinasloe and its environs; its castle was built and occupied by Edward Brabazon, 1st Baron Ardee. Seán's surrender to the laws of the Crown were part and parcel of the Surrender and Regrant policy pursued in sixteenth-century Ireland. It enabled Seán's family, in the eyes of the crown, to legally hold their lands according to the English legal system. However, much of this land was confiscated in the aftermath of the Irish Confederate Wars by the Cromwellian administration.
See also
Cellach Ó Cellaigh, lord of Aughrim
Maelsechlainn mac Tadhg Ó Cellaigh
Maelsechlainn Ó Cellaigh
References
The Parish of Ballinasloe, p. 12, Jerome A. Fahey, 1912.
Dictionary of Irish Biography, 2009.
External links
http://magoo.com/hugh/oclery.html
http://dib.cambridge.org/
People from County Roscommon
People from County Galway
16th-century Irish people
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
Alena Vinnitskaya ( Alona Vinnytska; born Olha Viktorivna Vinnytska () on 27 December 1974, Kyiv, in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union – in present-day Ukraine) is a Ukrainian singer and TV presenter. She is an author and performer.
Career
During six years of solo career, Vinnitskaya released 8 CDs: Rassvet (2004), 007 (2005), Sunrise (2005), Kukly(2006), Electro (2007), maxi-single Konvert (2008), ZaMIXovano. The Best mixes (2008), Alena Vinnitskaya. Sbornik hitov 2003-2010 (2010).
She started to write songs in childhood, sending them to the newspaper Pionerskaya Pravda. Some time later Vinnitskaya became a fan of the band Kino and thanks to this started to play the guitar.
In 1993, she created her first group The Last Unicorn, where she appeared as the author of her music and lyrics. The first concerts took place in Kyiv Central Hospital. Unfortunately, the first attempt to become an artist collapsed: not enough information and badly developed Ukrainian business forced the group to stop their activity.
During these few years, Vinnitskaya worked as the insurance agent but was always thinking about the creation of her own band. In 1996 she gave up her work in the insurance company in hope of self-actualization. The long searches of her own way have been started. Vinnitskaya has played in the Theater of the Ecology Institute, in Psychological Theatre etc.
"I together with my brother decided to go and to try ourselves. We have prepared our programs. I was singing the aria of Maria Magdalena from Jesus Christ Superstar. So we've entered. I was taken to the theatre troupe though I wanted to enter the popular troupe. But I do not regret it because I have discovered myself as the actress"
A year later the troupe broke up because of not very strong management. Vinnitskaya again was looking for herself and for her own way. At the end of 1997, she discovered a new profession — TV hostess at the music channel Biz TV. Some time later the future singer became a hostess of the other TV program Fan Club at the Inter channel. At the same time, she was starting to work as a DJ at the radio station. In 1998 she entered the school of journalism Internews. These times she was very busy. She was working from 8 am to 9 pm — Internews and 10 pm to 2 am as a radio DJ.
"I don't miss about the stage passed. I have given a lot of my forces but I got much more"
In 2000 Vinnitskaya was invited as the soloist in one popular project that at that time was at the stage of creation — it was Nu Virgos. She worked there for 3 years and then made a decision that she had been thinking about for a long time — to create her own band and to sing her own songs.
"Alena has passed a long way to the scene, starting as the insurance agent, continuing as the TV host, and later becoming the participant of the mega-popular band. But this fame and glory weren't enough for her. Alena has always wanted more — to sing her own songs."
Cosmopolitan Ukraine
The debut work Davay zabudem vsyo by Vinnitskaya as the independent artist became a mega-hit, and has reached the top of popularity in Ukrainian and Russian hit parades. Soon the second hit of the singer appeared, Rassvet, and the single Vidish ya zhiva followed it. These mega-popular songs became a sunrise of Vinnitskaya as the independent, thinking singer. Some time later she played on the scene together with The Cardigans, who came to Ukraine to give their one concert. Before the concert Nina Person has listened to a few Vinnitskaya's works and remained satisfied, saying during the press conference that she liked the songs of Alena Vinnitskaya.
In 2004 Vinnitskaya signed an agreement with the representative of world-famous recording company Universal Studios and soon the first album of the singer Rassvet appeared.
A year later the second album 007 represented Vinnitskaya in a traditionally male role — as the secret agent. She has coped with a complex and male character, proposing to the audience her own version of James Bond music. The album also contains new visions of singer's hits in performance of popular DJ's in the country.
The premiere of the new song Kukly, the main song on Vinnitskaya's third album, took place on 13 February 2006. A video version of this work was released a week later.
Vinnitskaya, as usual, is the author of music and lyrics.
"This song -is a story about women, who are ready for everything just to reach their aim of success, wealth and power. Their willingness of this destroys their personality, and they become tough, insincere to themselves and the people around them…" the singer says.
In spring 2006 Vinnitskaya's third album came out.
"This is one of the most free and courageous works of us", she said.
The album of dance music Electro appeared in January 2007. Electro consists of 12 songs. It has remixes of several of Alena's songs, that shows the popularity of her music not only on radio and TV, but also in clubs.
The singer's latest achievement became a maxi-single Konvert. It had been shown to the public in spring 2008. That autumn on TV channels and radio stations appeared the hit Osen zolotaya. This song was written by Oleksiy Bolshoy (former leader band of Cool Before, now her sound producer) had already been known to listeners for 10 years. The song presents new lyrics and arrangements. Osen zolotaya is a duet with Vinnitskaya-Bolshoy.
The new edition of Alena Vinnitskaya songs ZaMIXovano. The Best mixes was released in December, 2008. CD content is created for the different musical tastes of listeners. Everyone can choose something personal – mixes for dance culture fans, and bonus for live pop-rock music admirers.
February, 2009 the new video Ya zdes, ya ryadom has appeared on TV channels. This video is a soundtrack to the Ukrainian action movie Accidental record. Later, in spring, Vinnitskaya has presented her new video Vsyo eto s nami (Vesna). This song is from the maxi-single Konvert.
Discography
With Nu Virgos
Popytka No. 5 (2001)
Studio albums
Rassvet (2004)
Sunrise (2005)
Kukly (2006)
Compilation albums
007 (2005)
Electro (2007)
ZaMIXovano. The Best Remixes (2008)
Alena Vinnitskaya. Sbornik hitov 2003-2010 (2010)
References and footnotes
External links
1974 births
Living people
Musicians from Kyiv
Ukrainian women singers
Nu Virgos members
Matthew Churchill FRSA (born 1966, in England), is a producer of theatre and live events. His productions have combined storytelling, visual narrative and environments in both the UK and USA.
Career
Matthew Churchill co-founded "Three Sixty Entertainment" with Charlie Burnell in 2009. He was CEO of "Three Sixty Entertainment" until 2011. He was the founding producer of Mamaloucos whose 2002 production of Aristophanes' The Birds (play) was a best selling show at the Royal National Theatre in the UK. His company also designed the tented theatre for the National Theatre's production of Oh, What a Lovely War! and toured the production throughout the UK in 1998; in 2013 his company designed and managed a new temporary venue for Chichester Festival Theatre during their refurbishment.
Productions
During his time at "Three Sixty Entertainment" Churchill conceived and produced a version of Peter Pan that combined 360 degree surround CGI with live theatre. The production which first opened in London, was successful locally and internationally.
The story of the founding of "Three Sixty Entertainment", its first year of business and the creation of Peter Pan was the subject of a chapter in the British business book, How they started in tough times. The book describes how Peter Pan became the second largest-selling show in London's West End during the summer of 2009. "Three Sixty Entertainment" grossed just under £7.5 million from Peter Pan during its 22 weeks in the UK. Approximately 200000 people attended Peter Pan during that season. Altogether, Peter Pan has been seen by more than 1,000,000 people in the UK and USA.
Documentaries
Churchill was featured in documentaries in the USA. Included are the regional Emmy nominated "KGO" documentary "Inside Peter Pan 360"; the one hour "KOCE" documentary Inside Neverland: the Making of Peter Pan; and the "CBS5" documentary Eye On The Bay, Peter Pan.
Fellowships
Churchill is a fellow of the "Royal Society of Arts"
Personal life
Churchill is married to Dr. Teresa Hoskyns. Hoskyns is an architect and academic specialising in the field of public space. She is the granddaughter of Sir Edwyn Hoskyns, 13th Baronet and Baron Nicholas Kaldor.
Awards
Churchill was a recipient of the "2009 Startup of the Year Award".
References
1966 births
Living people
Businesspeople from London
English theatre managers and producers
The 25th series of The Bill, a British television drama, was the penultimate series of the programme. This series saw the show transition to a post-watershed time slot of 9pm, dropping from two episodes to one week-by-week as ITV aimed to save up to £65 million. Producers used the post-watershed slot to introduce "darker, more gritty" storylines. DI Samantha Nixon left prior to the transition, after seven years on the show, in a special two-parter storyline that included a cameo appearance by her daughter Abigail (Georgia Tennant), who was a recurring character on the show from 2002 to 2005. A six-part storyline came as part of the end of the twice-weekly episodes, Conviction, that concluded with four cast members leaving, including Superintendent John Heaton; DCI Jack Meadows was promoted into the role. The four characters were part of seven who left as part of the revamp, however the axing of Graham Cole as PC Tony Stamp after 22 years on the show proved controversial, with producers stating Cole was "too old" for the new-look show. In addition to seeing ten characters leave the show, it is the only series in the show's history not to have a new arrival.
On 30 April 2014, The Bill Series 25 Part 1-3 DVD set was released (in Australia).
Cast changes
Arrivals
None
Departures
PC Beth Green - transfers to Witness Protection
PC Arun Ghir - resigns after suspension for allowing suspect to escape
DI Samantha Nixon - transfers to the Child Protection Team
Supt John Heaton - leaves to head up specialist group combating human trafficking
Insp Rachel Weston - joins Supt. Heaton's new division
DS Stuart Turner - joins Supt. Heaton's new division
DC Kezia Walker - joins Supt. Heaton's new division
PC Tony Stamp - transfers to Hendon to become Advanced Driving Instructor
PC Sally Armstrong - unconfirmed
PC Millie Brown - unconfirmed
Episodes
References
2009 British television seasons
The Bill series
Sara Moonves is an American magazine editor.
She was promoted to editor-in-chief of W, a fashion magazine, in 2019. Her appointment stirred vigorous scrutiny and discussion, with The New York Times article about her being entitled "The Most Watched Editor at Fashion Week".
Early life
Moonves's father, Les Moonves, was a television executive, and The New York Times described her childhood as being surrounded by celebrities. It reported that future actor Jonah Hill was a good friend.
She attended high school in Los Angeles at the Harvard-Westlake school and earned a degree in journalism from the New York University Gallatin School of Individualized Study.
Career in publishing
Moonves interned at Vogue magazine, another fashion magazine, during her studies, and was hired there, after her graduation. She left Vogue, from 2010 to 2013, to follow Sally Singer, a senior editor who had mentored her, who had been hired to become editor of T: The New York Times Style Magazine.
She followed Singer back to Vogue to become a contributing fashion editor.
W magazine hired her as Style director, in 2017. On June 25, 2019, Condé Nast sold W to Future Media, and Moonves replaced the previous editor, Stefano Tonchi.
On March 25, 2020, Moonves called a staff meeting, and told most of the magazine's employees they were being laid off. Employees in the online department were remaining, but at reduced salaries. Her boss, Marc Lotenberg, CEO of Future Media, said the magazine had to be put into "survival mode", because “[T]he bottom has dropped out of the luxury market.”
On August 14, 2020, W magazine was acquired by a group of new investors. They retained Moonves as editor-in-chief. Daily Front Row'' credited Moonves with lining up the investors.
References
American editors
American women editors
Living people
1985 births
21st-century American women
The 1998–99 season of the Slovak Second Football League (also known as 2. liga) was the sixth season of the league since its establishment. It began on 1 August 1998 and ended on 13 June 1999.
League standing
See also
1998–99 Slovak Superliga
References
Jindřich Horák, Lubomír Král: Encyklopedie našeho fotbalu, Libri 1997
2. Liga (Slovakia) seasons
2
Slovak
Antonina Wyrzykowska, née Karwowska (12 August 1916 – 29 November 2011) was a Polish Righteous Among the Nations known for helping Jews who fled the Jedwabne pogrom. She was also decorated with the Commander's Cross of the Order of Polonia Restituta by Poland's President Lech Kaczyński. Her husband, Aleksander Wyrzykowski, was also honoured as Righteous Among the Nations.
References
External links
Jedwabne – A Noble Family in the Midst of Murder and Betrayal: Aleksander & Antonina Wyrzykowski, at Yad Vashem website
Polish Righteous Among the Nations
People from Łomża County
1916 births
2011 deaths
Commanders of the Order of Polonia Restituta
Jedwabne pogrom
Fiddlers' Bid are a Shetland based instrumental group known for playing contemporary arrangements of traditional Shetland fiddle tunes. The seven piece line-up consists of four fiddles, acoustic guitar, bass guitar and piano/Clàrsach.
The band have performed at some of the largest folk festivals in the world including the Smithsonian Folklife Festival, Cambridge Folk Festival, Festival Interceltique de Lorient and Celtic Connections, and have toured extensively including performances at Melbourne Concert Hall and Sydney Opera House.
Several members of the band play Ewen Thomson violins
Discography
Around The World, Fiddlers' Bid Recordings (1994)
Hamnataing, Greentrax (1998)
Da Farder Ben Da Welcomer, Greentrax (2001)
Naked and Bare, Greentrax (2005)
All Dressed in Yellow, Hairst Blinks Music (2009)
Awards and achievements
Band members Chris Stout and Andrew Gifford have both won the Shetland Young Fiddler of the Year competition
Festival Interceltique de Lorient, France, Winners of “La Trophe La Bolee de Corrigans” (1994)
Scottish Folk Awards “Best Live Act” (2003)
Australian Entertainment Industry Association's Helpmann Awards nomination “Best Contemporary Music Concert Presentation” (2003)
Band member Catriona McKay won "Instrumentalist of the Year" in the Scots Trad Music Awards (2007,2014)
Scots Trad Music Awards nomination "Best Live Act" (2005)
Scots Trad Music Awards nomination "Scottish Folk Band of the Year" (2007)
Scots Trad Music Awards winner "Album of the Year" for All Dressed in Yellow (2009)
References
External links
Official website
Shetland music
1991 establishments in Scotland
Musical groups established in 1991
Organisations based in Shetland
Scottish fiddling
Shetland fiddlers
Sanna Tities is a South African politician who has been serving as a Member of the Northern Cape Provincial Legislature since 22 May 2019. A member of the African National Congress (ANC), she is the Chairperson of both the Portfolio Committee on Health and Social Development and the Standing Committee on Gender, Women, Children and Persons with Disabilities.
References
External links
Sanna Tities – People's Assembly
Profile : Ms Sanna Tities – NCPLEG
Living people
African National Congress politicians
Members of the Northern Cape Provincial Legislature
People from the Northern Cape
Women members of provincial legislatures of South Africa
21st-century South African politicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century South African women politicians
The 2006–07 ISU Speed Skating World Cup was a multi-race tournament over a season of speed skating. The season began on 10 November 2006 and lasted until 4 March 2007. The World Cup was organised by the ISU, who also run world cups and championships in short track speed skating and figure skating.
Races
Men
Women
Men's overall results
100 m
Final standings after 4 of 4 races. Oikawa won despite missing the final race due to participation in the 2007 Asian Winter Games; Koskela opted out of the final race, though a place in the final would have won him the World Cup.
500 m
Final standings after 12 of 12 races. The top 15 skaters are listed, as well as those with a top-six placing in a race.
1000 m
Final standings after 10 of 10 races.
1500 m
Final standings after 6 of 6 races.
5000/10000 m
Final standings after 6 of 6 races.
Team pursuit
Final standings after 3 of 3 races.
Women's overall results
100 m
Final standings after 4 of 4 races.
500 m
Final standings after 12 races. The top 15 skaters are listed, as well as those with a top-six placing in a race.
1000 m
Final standings after 10 races.
Many skaters skipped the races in Harbin and Nagano, where nearly 40% of the available points were up for grabs. The overall World Cup winner, Chiara Simionato, was defeated by Anni Friesinger, Ireen Wüst, Christine Nesbitt or Cindy Klassen in all races in which the four took part. Friesinger won four of her five races during the season, taking the most wins.
1500 m
Final standings after 6 races.
Due to winning the final race, Wüst finished ahead of Friesinger, though Friesinger accumulated four wins to Wüst's two during the season.
3000/5000 m
Final standings after 6 races.
Team pursuit
Final standings after 3 races.
References
External links
06-07
ISU Speed Skating World Cup, 2006-07
ISU Speed Skating World Cup, 2006-07
Thomas Weihs (30 April 1914 – 19 June 1983) was an Austrian doctor, farmer and special needs educator, one of the founders and leading co-workers of the Camphill Movement and a pioneer of Anthroposophical curative education.
Biography
Thomas Johannes Weihs was born 30 April 1914, in Vienna (then the Austro-Hungarian Empire), the second child of Gertrude and Richard Weiss (spelling later changed), who had settled in Vienna from Brody in Ukraine. During his studies in Medicine at the University of Vienna, he met Dr Karl König and became part of a youth group whose members formed the core of what was to become Camphill in Scotland.
Being of Jewish origin, he fled Austria together with his first wife, Helene Stoll, completed his doctor's degree in Basel, after which, at the outbreak of World War II he joined Dr König and the others in Scotland. Near Aberdeen, on Camphill estate, they founded the work in curative education for those they called "children in need of special care," which was to occupy him for the rest of his life. He had a number of children with Helene, one of whom, Christine Polyblank, founded the Ringwood Waldorf School.
As Camphill grew, so his responsibilities increased, ranging from farming and general handyman to doctor, educator, lecturer and writer. In 1957 he was appointed Superintendent of the Camphill work by Dr König. He had, by this time, also established a thriving practice as a doctor, including working at Dr. König's own London practice. At the same time he travelled widely, lecturing at Camphill centres throughout the world as well as to the general public. It was in this manner that he met BBC film director Jonathan Stedall, then 28 and taking a year off to study at Emerson College. Their collaboration led to the numerous films for British television that Stedall made on Camphill such as "Candle on the Hill".
Weihs' best-known work, the book Children in Need of Special Care, was published in 1971 and has since been reprinted on several occasions and translated into 14 languages.
His final work, "Embryogenesis in Myth and Science", was completed on his deathbed and published posthumously.
Besides this, his work as sculptor led to a considerable number of pieces set up all over the various farms and public buildings of Camphill.
He died on 19 June 1983, in Aberdeen, Scotland.
Works
Films
1967–68 in Need of Special Care (BBC2 2 × 60')
Camphill School, Aberdeen – for children with special needs. (Awarded British Film Academy ‘Robert Flaherty Award' for best documentary in 1968, and nominated for ‘United Nations Award'.)
Botton Village, Yorkshire – a Camphill Community for adults with special needs. (Also nominated for British Film Academy ‘United Nations Award'.)
1973
In Defence of the Stork (BBC1 30') – connections between embryology and the story of creation in the book of Genesis, with Camphill's Dr Thomas Weihs.
1990
Candle on the Hill (BBC2 3 × 50') – celebrating the 50th anniversary of the Camphill movement and its work for children and adults with special needs.
Books
References
Further reading
1914 births
1983 deaths
20th-century sculptors
Anthroposophists
Austrian sculptors
Austrian emigrants to the United Kingdom
Pagaruša () is a village in the municipality of Studeničani, North Macedonia.
History
During the great migration movements in Macedonia at the end of the 17th and beginning of the 18th centuries, Muslims from Macedonia left the Debar area for the central regions of Macedonia and established villages such as Pagaruša located in the Skopje area.
Demographics
Pagaruša has traditionally been inhabited by a Muslim's from Macedonia (Torbeš) population. The mother tongue of Pagaruša inhabitants and of daily communication is Macedonian. The village has undergone some depopulation as villagers have migrated to Turkey or nearby Skopje and surrounding villages in North Macedonia. Though most Macedonian Muslims are Sunni, in Pagaruša followers of Sufi Islam are present attached to various Sufi orders such as the Melami, Halveti.
According to the 2002 census, the village had a total of 227 inhabitants. Ethnic groups in the village include:
Turks 226
Albanians 1
See also
Muslims from Macedonia (Torbeši)
References
Villages in Studeničani Municipality
Macedonian Muslim villages
Turkish communities in North Macedonia
The ancestral background of presidents of the United States has been relatively consistent throughout American history. With the exception of John F. Kennedy, Martin Van Buren, and perhaps Dwight D. Eisenhower, every president has ancestors from Great Britain. Kennedy was of pure Irish descent, Van Buren was of Dutch lineage; and Eisenhower was of German and Swiss heritage. Barack Obama is the only president to have recent ancestry from outside Western Europe; his paternal family is of the Luo people of East Africa. He is also believed to be a direct descendant of John Punch, a colonial-era slave born in modern-day Cameroon. Despite speculation, there is no evidence that any of America's presidents have had any Indigenous American ancestry.
The most common ethnic groups in the Thirteen Colonies were those hailing from either Great Britain or Northern Ireland. Those of other backgrounds (such as Irish, Dutch, German, or French) would see attempts to assimilate them into the dominant English and predominately Protestant culture.
Some nativist political groups within the United States were adamantly opposed to identifying with a foreign nation and would coin those who did as hyphenate Americans. Presidents Theodore Roosevelt and Woodrow Wilson were outspoken opponents of hyphenated Americans, with Wilson once remarking, "Any man who carries a hyphen about with him, carries a dagger that he is ready to plunge into the vitals of this Republic when he gets ready."
Ancestry table
Summary: Dutch5 English38 French12 German11 Irish5 Kenyan (Luo)1 Scottish19 Swiss3 Ulster Scots21 Welsh15
See also
African-American heritage of presidents of the United States
Most royal candidate theory
Lists of Americans (lists of people from the United States by various criteria, including ethnic or national origin)
References
Further reading
External links
Presidential Family Trees and Famous Kin, famouskin.com
Presidents
Lists relating to the United States presidency
Presidents
Foolad Shahr Stadium (Persian: ورزشگاه فولادشهر, Varzeshgāh-e Fulādshahr) is a football stadium in Fooladshahr, Iran. It is the home stadium of Zob Ahan, and was opened in 1998.
The stadium is listed as having a capacity of 15,000.
The Stadium hosted 2007 AFC Champions League Final between Sepahan and Urawa Red Diamonds.
References
External links
Stadium photo at panoramio.com
Football venues in Iran
Buildings and structures in Isfahan Province
Sport in Isfahan Province
is a traditional Acadian dish that in its most common form consists of a boiled potato dumpling with a pork filling; it is usually prepared with a mixture of grated and mashed potato.
Some versions of the dish call for the dumpling to be boiled on its own for several hours.
Because of the time it takes to prepare , it is generally regarded as a special occasion meal, especially popular during the holidays. White or brown sugar, maple syrup or fruit preserves may accompany the dish.
Etymology
The origin of the term poutine is unclear, but it might be a bastardisation of "pudding"; râpé, -e is French for "grated". Therefore, could be literally translated as "grated pudding".
See also
Klöße
Cepelinai
Kroppkaka
Palt
Raspeball
Pyzy
References
External links
Acadian Heritage Portal – Video and historical facts on the Acadian Poutine râpée
Acadian cuisine
Potato dishes
Dumplings
Monika Babok (born November 30, 1991) is a Croatian swimmer, who specialized in freestyle and butterfly events. She represented her nation Croatia at the 2008 Summer Olympics, and has won a silver medal in the 50 m butterfly (27.48) at the 2007 European Junior Swimming Championships in Antwerp, Belgium. Babok was a member of the SMU Mustangs swimming and diving team, and a graduate of sports management at the Southern Methodist University in Dallas, Texas.
Babok competed for the Croatian swimming team in the women's 50 m freestyle, as Croatia's youngest swimmer (aged 16), at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. She qualified for the Games with a 26.25 to eclipse the insurmountable FINA B-cut (26.32) by 0.07 of a second at the European Championships in Eindhoven, Netherlands. Swimming as the fastest entrant in heat seven, Babok could not produce her pre-Olympic effort with 26.84 to accept the seventh spot in a splash-and-dash finish. Babok failed to advance into the semifinals, as she placed forty-ninth overall out of 92 swimmers in the prelims.
References
External links
Player Bio – SMU Mustangs
NBC Olympics Profile
1991 births
Living people
Croatian female swimmers
Olympic swimmers of Croatia
Swimmers at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Croatian female freestyle swimmers
Croatian female butterfly swimmers
People from Sisak
SMU Mustangs women's swimmers
In music, an instrumental solo piece (from the Italian: solo, meaning alone) is a composition, like an étude, solo sonata, partita, solo suite or impromptus, or an arrangement, written to be played by a single performer. The performer is a soloist.
The instrumental solo pieces can be monophonic or polyphonic. There are monophonic instruments, like those of the brass and wind sections, that can only produce single notes at one time, and polyphonic instruments, like the guitar and piano, that have the option of also playing with polyphony, which is when notes are played simultaneously.
References
David Fuller, "Solo", The New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians, second edition, edited by Stanley Sadie and John Tyrrell (London: Macmillan Publishers, 2001).
Instrumental solo pieces
Solo music
As a Man Thinketh is a self-help book by James Allen, published in 1903. It was described by Allen as "... [dealing] with the power of thought, and particularly with the use and application of thought to happy and beautiful issues. I have tried to make the book simple, so that all can easily grasp and follow its teaching, and put into practice the methods which it advises. It shows how, in his own thought-world, each man holds the key to every condition, good or bad, that enters into his life, and that, by working patiently and intelligently upon his thoughts, he may remake his life, and transform his circumstances. The price of the book is only one shilling, and it can be carried in the pocket." It was also described by Allen as "A book that will help you to help yourself", "A pocket companion for thoughtful people", and "A book on the power and right application of thought."
Basis of the book
The title is influenced by a verse in the Bible from the Book of Proverbs, chapter 23, verse 7: "As a man thinketh in his heart, so is he". The full passage, taken from the King James Version, is as follows:
While the passage suggests that one should consider the true motivations of a person who is being uncharacteristically generous before accepting his generosity, the title and content of Allen's work refer to the reader himself.
Allen's essay is now in the public domain within the United States and most other countries. It was released October 1, 2003 as a Project Gutenberg e-text edition.
About the book
This book opens with the statement:
Chapter 1 starts with this quote from the Dhammapada, which explains the effect of karma.
In popular culture
The lyrics to the song "Good Thoughts, Bad Thoughts" by Funkadelic are loosely based on this book.
In the film Rumble Fish the character 'Motorcycle Boy' is reading pages 36–7 in the kitchen.
Rapper Gucci Mane cites this book as his inspiration for achieving sobriety and losing weight.
Marilyn Manson's song "Slave Only Dreams to Be King" from the album The Pale Emperor (2015) quotes Allen:
except that Manson's lyrics change Allen's "The Human Will" to "The Human Wheel".
In Manson's album Heaven Upside Down (2017), his song by the same name states "I don't attract what I want, I attract what I am," a reference to Allen's "Men do not attract that which they want, but that which they are."
Singer-songwriter Richard Marx says that he considers this book his Bible and always keeps it with him.
References
External links
An Illustrated Biography by John L Woodcock at JAI.ORG.UK
1902 non-fiction books
Philosophical literature
Books by James Allen (author)
Self-help books
The Bazhong–Dazhou railway () is a railway line in Sichuan, China.
History
Construction on the line began on 27 September 2009. It opened on 10 January 2016.
Specification
At Bazhong railway station the line continues as the Guangyuan–Bazhong railway. The line joins the Xiangyang–Chongqing railway north of Dushi railway station. The line is long and has a maximum speed of .
References
Railway lines in China
Railway lines opened in 2016
Walker Américo Frônio (born 15 February 1982), commonly known as Walker, is a former Brazilian footballer who last played as a midfielder for Brazilian Paulista B club Independente.
Career
In 1999, Walker joined the Ajax Youth Academy coming from Guarani, he was crowned World Champions with the Brazil U-17 at the 1999 FIFA U-17 World Championship. That same year his Guarani youth team won the South American championship for under-17 teams. In July 2000, Walker Américo Frônio signed with Ajax. In 2001 and in 2002, Walker won the Dutch reserves competition title in the Beloften Eredivisie with Jong Ajax. He also made a great impression when he helped the reserves team to a semi-final appearance in the KNVB Cup in 2002. During the 2002–03 season, Walker played on loan of the Belgian satellite club Germinal Beerschot in Antwerp making a total of 21 appearances while scoring one goal. On 6 January his contract was terminated and he returned to Brazil where he played for Atlético Mineiro. He then continued his career playing for Juventude, Náutico, Itumbiara, Rio Claro, Santo André, Sertãozinho and Botafogo SP.
Honours
Club
Jong Ajax
Beloften Eredivisie (2): 2001, 2002
International
Brazil U-17
FIFA U-17 World Championship (1): 1999
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Footballers from São Paulo (state)
Brazilian footballers
Association football midfielders
Eredivisie players
Belgian First Division A players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B players
Guarani FC players
AFC Ajax players
Jong Ajax players
Beerschot A.C. players
Clube Atlético Mineiro players
Esporte Clube Juventude players
Clube Náutico Capibaribe players
Itumbiara Esporte Clube players
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Rio Claro Futebol Clube players
Batatais Futebol Clube players
Brazil youth international footballers
Tyler Duguid (born October 17, 2000), is a Canadian rugby union player. His usual playing position is in the second row as a Lock. He currently plays for Montpellier in the French Top 14.
Career
Club
Duguid spent the 2019–2020 season with the RC Narbonne espoirs program.
Duguid signed a two-year academy deal with Montpellier in June 2020. March 24, 2019 Canadian Junior Greco Roman Wrestling Champion at 120kg https://wrestling.ca/thoms-and-duguid-named-outstanding-greco-roman-wrestlers/
Club statistics
Honours
European Rugby Challenge Cup
Champion: 2021
References
2000 births
Living people
Canada international rugby union players
Canadian expatriate rugby union players
Rugby union locks
The spot-breasted woodpecker (Colaptes punctigula) is a species of bird in the family Picidae.
It is found in South America in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Peru, Suriname and Venezuela and also in eastern Panama of Central America.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical mangrove forests and heavily degraded former forest.
Taxonomy
The spot-breasted woodpecker was described by the French polymath Georges-Louis Leclerc, Comte de Buffon in 1780 in his Histoire Naturelle des Oiseaux from a specimen collected in Cayenne, French Guiana. The bird was also illustrated in a hand-coloured plate engraved by François-Nicolas Martinet in the Planches Enluminées D'Histoire Naturelle, which was produced under the supervision of Edme-Louis Daubenton to accompany Buffon's text. Neither the plate caption nor Buffon's description included a scientific name, but in 1783 the Dutch naturalist Pieter Boddaert coined the binomial name Picus punctigula in his catalogue of the Planches Enluminées. For many years, the spot-breasted woodpecker was placed in the genus Chrysoptilus, but it is now placed in the genus Colaptes that was introduced by the Irish zoologist Nicholas Aylward Vigors in 1825. The generic name is from the Ancient Greek kolaptēs meaning "chiseller". The specific epithet punctigula combines the Latin punctum meaning "spot" and gula meaning "throat".
Six subspecies are recognised:
Colaptes punctigula ujhelyii (Madarász, 1912) – eastern Panama to northern Colombia
Colaptes punctigula striatigularis (Chapman, 1914) – west-central Colombia
Colaptes punctigula punctipectus (Cabanis & Heine, 1863) – eastern Colombia and Venezuela
Colaptes punctigula zuliae (Cory, 1915) – northwestern Venezuela
Colaptes punctigula punctigula (Boddaert, 1783) – the Guianas
Colaptes punctigula guttatus (von Spix, 1824) – Upper Amazonia
References
External links
Spot-breasted woodpecker videos on the Internet Bird Collection
Spot-breasted woodpecker photo gallery VIREO
Photo-Medium Res; Article Birding In Peru
spot-breasted woodpecker
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Venezuela
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Ecuadorian Amazon
Birds of the Peruvian Amazon
Birds of the Bolivian Amazon
spot-breasted woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Dilo River is a river of Gabon. It is one of the tributaries of the Ogooué.
References
Lerique Jacques. 1983. Hydrographie-Hydrologie. in Geographie et Cartographie du Gabon, Atlas Illustré led by The Ministère de l'Education Nationale de la Republique Gabonaise. Pg 14–15. Paris, France: Edicef.
Perusset André. 1983. Oro-Hydrographie (Le Relief) in Geographie et Cartographie du Gabon, Atlas Illustré led by The Ministère de l'Education Nationale de la Republique Gabonaise. Pg 10–13. Paris, France: Edicef.
Rivers of Gabon
Mosonmagyaróvári KC SE is a Hungarian women's handball club. They currently play in the Nemzeti Bajnokság I (NBI), the top level championship in Hungary, after gained promotion in 2015.
Since they are sponsored by Samvardhana Motherson Group, the official name for the team is Motherson-Mosonmagyaróvár.
Honours
Domestic competitions
Nemzeti Bajnokság I:
: 2020-21
Nemzeti Bajnokság I/B:
: 2017–18
Kits
Sports Hall information
Name: – UFM Aréna
City: – Mosonmagyaróvár
Capacity: – 1100
Address: – 9200 Mosonmagyaróvár, Gorkij utca 1.
Team
Current squad
Squad for the 2022–23 season
Goalkeepers
21 Kitty Mistina
31 Zsófi Szemerey
77 Kíra Soltész
Wingers
LW
4 Vanessza Hajtai
22 Zsófia Stranigg
44 Fanni Csire
RW
10 Kyra Sztankovics
11 Petra Mihály
Line players
18 Fruzsina Bardi
20 Luca Faragó
32 Noémi Pásztor
Back players
Left back
2 Eszter Tóth
29 Ines Ivancok
Centre backs
7 Lara Babinszky
33 Nikolett Tóth
49 Patricia Kovács
96 Gabriella Tóth
Right backs
6 Anna Albek
28 Barbora Lancz
Transfers
Transfers for the 2022–23 season
Joining
Anna Albek (RB) (from TuS Metzingen)
Ines Ivancok (LB) (from HSG Bensheim/Auerbach)
Fruzsina Bardi (LP) (from Alba Fehérvár KC)
Nikolett Tóth (CB) (on loan from Ferencvárosi TC)
Luca Faragó (LP) (from Vasas SC)
Fanni Csire (LW) (from Szombathelyi KKA)
Kyra Sztankovics (RW) (from youth Academy)
Leaving
Bojana Milić (LB) (to CS Dacia Mioveni)
Ana Kojić (RW) (to Siófok KC)
Rebeka Török (LB) (to Pénzügyőr SE)
Brigitta Csekő (LB) (to Győri Audi ETO KC)
Lilly Török (LP) (to Siófok KC)
Tanja Ašanin (RB)
Staff members
Chairman: Guntham Turner
Professional director:
Head Coach: János Gyurka
Coach: Ferenc Stranigg
Technical Director: Szabó Ramóna, Dániel Miksó
Physiotherapist: Edit Benkovics
Club Doctor: Zoltán Várallyay MD
Notable former players
Tamara Tilinger
Flóra Katona
Gabriella Tóth
Rita Lakatos
Mónika Kovacsicz
Zsófi Szemerey
Ivett Szepesi
Herczeg Lili
Szederke Sirián
Bernadett Horváth
Szidónia Puhalák
Júlia Hársfalvi
Viktória Petróczi
Bettina Dajka
Ivett Kurucz
Luca Dombi
Monika Rajnohová
Lucia Gubiková
Réka Bíziková
Simona Szarková
Maria Holesova
Karoline de Souza
Tamires Morena Lima
Jana Knedlíková
Michaela Konečná
Laura Popa
Sara Vukcevic
Lana Frankovic
Sandra Filipović
Ana Kojić
Bojana Milić
Irene Fanton
Coaches
Kálmán Róth (2014–2015)
Tomáš Hlavatý (2015–2016)
József Varga (2016–2017)
Róbert Bognár (2017–2020)
János Gyurka (2020–)
In European competition
Participations in EHF European League : 2x
References
Hungarian handball clubs
Handball clubs established in 2014
William Troy McLawhorn (born 4 November 1968) is an American musician, songwriter, and record producer who has been a guitarist, backing vocalist, and songwriting partner in the bands Evanescence, Seether, Dark New Day, doubleDrive, Still Rain, and Gibraltar.
Early career
McLawhorn was formerly of the bands Seether, doubleDrive and Still Rain. After the demise of his first band, Still Rain, McLawhorn helped form doubleDrive in 1996 and landed a recording contract with MCA records in 1998. They scored a top 20 hit with the song "Tattooed Bruise" from their debut album 1000 Yard Stare. The band left MCA and signed a new deal with Roadrunner Records in 2001 and released their second album, Blue in the Face, with the song "Imprint" reaching into the top 20 also. McLawhorn was an active member until December 2003, when the band broke up. Following this, he joined Corey Lowery and Will Hunt and they began working on new material, which would later become the band Dark New Day, which also included Clint Lowery and Brett Hestla. Dark New Day signed a recording contract with Warner Bros. Records in late 2004 and released the album Twelve Year Silence. The single "Brother" became a top 10 hit.
Evanescence, Seether
In May 2007, McLawhorn was announced as the replacement for Evanescence's former guitarist John LeCompt, and played with the band through their The Open Door tour, which ended in December 2007. He remained active with Dark New Day while playing with Evanescence. However, McLawhorn eventually left Dark New Day in mid-2008 after joining Seether as a touring guitarist. After the success of Seether's subsequent tour, McLawhorn became their official lead guitarist.
From then until early March 2011, McLawhorn did various tours with Seether. He took part in recording with the band on projects such as Seether iTunes Originals, Rhapsody Originals, and on covers of Wham!'s "Careless Whisper" and Frank Sinatra's "I've Got You Under My Skin" as well. He also contributed to the album Holding Onto Strings Better Left to Fray. The first single from the record, "Country Song", co-written by McLawhorn, was released in the United States on 8 March 2011.
The same day, it was announced that McLawhorn had left Seether to pursue other interests. McLawhorn made the following statement on Facebook:
"Thanks for all of the support. You guys are great! I really enjoyed playing and creating music with the guys and I wish that I didn't have to leave especially now that the album that we worked so hard on is finally coming out. It was a hard decision and I wish them the best. I hope that I will see all of you when I find my next project."
On 8 April 2011, Seether frontman Shaun Morgan took to his Twitter account to vent his frustrations regarding Troy's still unconfirmed new gig. The next day, McLawhorn further explained his departure on Facebook:
"You know...I have been laying low because I didn't want my departure from Seether to be any more dramatic than it has to be but I can't sit by while people come to my site and trash me. There are a lot of people who have been very supportive and I appreciate that so much. As for the haters...I can understand that people are passionate about their bands and the music. I am, too. That's why even when I was barely able to survive financially in this business I never quit because I genuinely love to play music with my friends. My leaving Seether was not about money at all. Ask yourselves this, why would I leave the band after we had just finished making an awesome record? Why? I was as excited as anyone to get out there and support it. I am losing money by leaving the band. You have to know that it was a very personal invasion of trust that led me to make my decision to leave. Anyone who knows me knows that I am not a vindictive person and I am just trying to find a place that I can be long term and play music with people that I can trust."
On 12 June 2011, Amy Lee of Evanescence announced on her Twitter account that McLawhorn had officially rejoined the band for their upcoming tour and new album due out on 11 October 2011.
McLawhorn filled in for Sevendust guitarist Clint Lowery on their 2013 tour with Coal Chamber.
Discography
Still Rain
Still Rain
Bitter Black Water
Sevendust
Home (1999)
doubleDrive
1000 Yard Stare (1999)
Blue in the Face (2003)
Dark New Day
Twelve Year Silence (2005)
Black Porch (Acoustic Sessions) (2006)
Hail Mary (2011)
B-Sides (2011)
New Tradition (2012)
Seether
iTunes Originals – Seether (2008)
Rhapsody Originals – Seether (2008)
Finding Beauty in Negative Spaces (2009 reissue of the song "Careless Whisper")
Holding Onto Strings Better Left to Fray (2011)
Evanescence
Evanescence (2011)
Synthesis (2017)
The Bitter Truth (2021)
Equipment
Guitars
Gibson USA Flying V 7-String
Gibson Flying-V 1959
Gibson Les Paul Studio Silverburst
Gibson Les Paul Custom 1985
Gibson Les Paul Custom 1990
Gibson Explorer
Gibson SG
PRS Custom-Built (Cherry with 7 String)
PRS SE Custom 24 7 Strings
PRS SE Clint Lowery
PRS SE Baritone Custom
PRS SE Custom 22
PRS SE Custom 24
PRS Singlecut
PRS Starla Ltd
Boulder Creek Acoustic Guitars
Effects
Dunlop Jimi Hendrix Signature Wah JH1D
Dunlop Zakk Wylde W MXR Overdrive
Dunlop MXR KFK1 Ten Band EQ
Dunlop MC401 Boost/Line Driver
DigiTech Whammy 4
TC Electronic Stereo Chorus Flanger
BOSS DD-6: Digital Delay
BOSS CE-5: Chorus Ensemble
BOSS NS-2: Noise Suppressor
BOSS TU-2: Chromatic Tuner
Amplifiers
Orange PPC412 Closed Back Guitar Cab 4- 4×12 cabs
Orange Rockerverb 100 MKII Head
Other
Orange Amps Amplifiers FTSWCH Foot Switch
Dunlop Tortex Pitch Black 488
Dunlop Nickel Plated Steel Guitar Strings
References
External links
American rock guitarists
American male guitarists
Evanescence members
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
1968 births
Alternative metal guitarists
20th-century American guitarists
Dark New Day members
Seether members
Franco Ángelo Cabrera Torres (born 1 May 1983) is a Chilean footballer who last played for Santiago Morning in the Primera B de Chile.
Honours
Club
Melipilla
Primera B (2): 2004, 2006
Universidad de Concepción
Copa Chile: 2008–09
References
External links
1983 births
Living people
Footballers from Santiago
Chilean footballers
Primera B de Chile players
Segunda División Profesional de Chile players
Chilean Primera División players
Deportes Melipilla footballers
Universidad de Concepción footballers
Unión San Felipe footballers
Deportes Iberia footballers
Coquimbo Unido footballers
Ñublense footballers
Santiago Morning footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Voyevodin or Voevodin () is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Voyevodina or Voevodina. It may refer to
Aleksey Voyevodin (born 1970), Russian race walker
Alexander Voevodin (born 1949), Soviet-born biomedical scientist and educator
Rihana Oksana Gorbatenko Voevodina (born 1992), former wife of the Muhammad V of Kelantan, the former Yang di-Pertuan Agong of Malaysia
Pyotr Voevodin (1884–1964), Russian revolutionary, Soviet politician and film industry figure
Vladimir Voevodin (born 1962) is a computer scientist, professor at Lomonosov Moscow State University
Yuliya Voyevodina (born 1971), Russian race walker, wife of Aleksey Voyevodin
Russian-language surnames
Dossouye is a sword and sorcery novel by American writer Charles R. Saunders, and published independently in 2008 by Sword & Soul Media via the online press Lulu. In 2012, Saunders published a sequel Dossouye: The Dancers of Mulukau.
Background
Dossouye is a fix-up novel created of the short stories "Agbewe's Sword", "Gimmile's Songs", "Shiminege's Mask", "Marwe's Forest", and "Obenga's Drum", the last previously unpublished. Dossouye herself is a woman warrior inspired by the real-life female warriors of the West African Kingdom of Dahomey. Her first stories appeared in Jessica Amanda Salmonson's Amazons! and Marion Zimmer Bradley's Sword and Sorceress, two anthologies designed to increase the number and recognition of female heroes in sword and sorcery fiction. Agbewe's Sword was adapted by Saunders himself in the screenplay of the film Amazons (1986).
Synopsis
Orphaned at a young age, Dossouye becomes a soldier in the women's army of the kingdom of Abomey. In a war against the rival kingdom of Abanti, Dossouye saves her people from certain destruction; but a cruel twist of fate compels her to go into exile.
Mounted on her mighty war-bull, Gbo, Dossouye enters the vast rainforest beyond the borders of her homeland, seeking a place to call her own.
The forest is where Dossouye will either find a new purpose in life... or find her life cut short by the many menaces she encounters.
Setting
An alternate Africa like continent which goes unnamed throughout the novel
List of characters
The characters in this section are listed in their order of appearance.
Dossouye – a former member of the women's army of Abomey who goes into self-imposed exile to protect the beliefs of her people
Gimmile – a song teller cursed by Legba who Dossouye encounters
Marwe – a shapechanger, a spirit of the forest that Dossouye encounters
Footnotes
External links
Charles R. Saunders official website
2008 American novels
American fantasy novels
Novels by Charles R. Saunders
Queen Anne pistols are a type of breech-loading flintlock pistol known as a turn-off pistol, in which the chamber is filled from the front and accessed by unscrewing the barrel. Another distinguishing feature of the design is that the lock-plate and the breech section (chamber) of the firearm are forged as a single piece. Possibly first made in England, they came in fashion in England during the reign of Queen Anne (reigned 1702–1714) and are consequently so named. This type of pistol is noted for being made small, so that it could be easily carried and concealed. Carbines of this design are also documented.
Design
Queen Anne pistols are flintlock pistols with three defining characteristics. They have a turn-off barrel, typically with a swelled cannon muzzle, and are chamber-loaded. The body of the pistol (the breech) and the lock-plate are forged as a single piece. The frizzen spring is located to the rear of the frizzen rather than the conventional position, in front of it. To the last of these, this is a functional modification, such that the springs location does not obstruct removal of the barrel for loading. The lock-plate is integral with the body, and is sometimes described as a boxlock in consequence. It is nonetheless offset to one side with the mechanism assembled either side of the plate and is otherwise a conventional sidelock design. This is substantially different from the usual use of the term associated with Anson and Deeley patented shotgun design, where the firing mechanism is mounted within the frame of the firearm rather than off the sides of a lock-plate.
Queen Anne pistols are typically rifled. To load, the barrel unscrews (with the aid of a spanner) just in advance of the chamber recess, that is filled with powder. The ball is placed in a conical seat (cup) at the end of the chamber before replacing the barrel. The breech end of the barrel is slightly enlarged to accept the ball. Upon firing, the ball fills the grooves of the rifling to create an effective seal.
The design was particularly suited to producing a small pistol that could be easily carried and concealed. They may be referred to as an overcoat pistol, a toby or a muff pistol. Queen Anne pistols usually exhibit a high level of decorative finish and workmanship.
Notes
Further reading
Pirate Living History 1680–1725
Burgoyne, John W., The Queen Anne Pistol. Museum Restoration Service, 2002
Boothroyd, Geoffrey, The Handgun, Crown Publishers 1970
Garrett, Richard, The Evolution of the Queen Anne Pistol. Catalogue of the London Park Lane Arms Fair, Spring 2005
Single-shot pistols
Early firearms
Black-powder pistols
Weapons of the United Kingdom
Anne, Queen of Great Britain
