MicL RNA (mRNA-interfering complementary RNA regulator of Lpp) is a σ E transcription factor-dependent small non-coding RNA. It was discovered in E. coli. Together with MicA and RybB sRNAs, MicL sRNA down-regulates the synthesis of abundant outer membrane proteins in response to stress. MicL specifically targets mRNA of lipoprotein Lpp, preventing its translation.
References
Non-coding RNA
RNA
RNA-binding proteins
Ace of Wands may refer to:
Ace of Wands (Tarot card), a Tarot card of the Minor Arcana
Ace of Wands (TV series), British children's television show
Judge Gideon Frisbee House is a historic home located at Delhi in Delaware County, New York, United States. It was built about 1798 and consists of a 2-story, clapboarded, rectangular-frame main section with a -story rear wing. The house is in the Federal style. It serves as headquarters of the Delaware County Historical Association.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Delaware County, New York
References
External links
Delaware County Historical Association website
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
National Register of Historic Places in Delaware County, New York
Federal architecture in New York (state)
Houses completed in 1798
Houses in Delaware County, New York
Museums in Delaware County, New York
Historic house museums in New York (state)
Historical society museums in New York (state)
The pilotbird (Pycnoptilus floccosus) is a species of passerine bird in the family Acanthizidae. It is monotypic within the genus Pycnoptilus. The species is endemic to south-eastern Australia.
Taxonomy
The species was first described by English ornithologist John Gould in 1851. The generic name Pycnoptilus derives from the Ancient Greek 'thick' and 'feather'. Its specific epithet floccosus is Late Latin for 'flocked with wool'. There are two subspecies: the nominate subspecies Pycnoptilus floccosus floccosus lives in alpine areas; and P. f. sandfordi lives in lowland forest.
Description
The pilotbird is a large, plump species of acanthizid, measuring around in length and weighing . The plumage of the underparts is reddish-brown with scalloping on the chest and the centre of the belly speckled dull white. The upperparts are chocolate-brown.
The bill is short and finely pointed. Its tail is broad and semi-erect, and flicked up and down when feeding.
Distribution and habitat
The pilotbird is found from the Wollemi National Park and Blue Mountains National Park in New South Wales through to the Dandenong Ranges, near Melbourne in Victoria. Its natural habitat is temperate wet sclerophyll forests and occasionally temperate rainforest, where there is dense undergrowth with abundant debris. It is sedentary and common.
Behaviour
Its name comes from its supposed habit of following lyrebirds, taking prey that they flush, and also from its call guiding bushmen seeking for lyrebirds. This habit is well known but seldom observed. The pilotbird is highly terrestrial, feeding on or near the ground and when disturbed it runs swiftly on strong legs. Its call has been described as "piercing and sweet". The male makes a far-carrying call of wit-wit-weet-WHEER to which the female may respond with a softer wit-a-wit-ee.
Breeding
The breeding season for the pilotbird is from August to December. The globular nest is built with a side-entrance and hidden amongst the accumulated debris on the forest floor. It is an untidy construction of bark, ferns, dead leaves and rootlets. A clutch of usually two eggs, each measuring and varying in colour from grey-green to purple-brown, is incubated by the female for 20–22 days. During the nestling period, which lasts 14–17 days, the male will often feed the female or help with the care of the nestlings, if the female has a subsequent brood. The nests are sometimes parasitised by the fan-tailed cuckoo (Cacomantis flabelliformis).
Conservation
The pilotbird is fairly common within its small range, which has reduced as a result of forest clearance and urban development, but much of its habitat is within national parks or reserves. Its habitat is also threatened by climate change, severe weather and bushfires; nevertheless, the most recent assessment in October 2016 classified the pilotbird as vulnerable on the IUCN Red List.
References
Acanthizidae
Birds of New South Wales
Birds of Victoria (Australia)
Birds described in 1851
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Peter Kerecman (born 16 September 1972, Košice, Czechoslovakia) is a Slovak lawyer and non-fiction author. He published several books and more than 90 journal articles on press freedom, history of advocacy and other law areas.
In 1995, he graduated from Faculty of Law of Pavol Jozef Šafárik University in Košice and in 1999 he obtained Doctor of Law degree. In 1995–2000 he studied Criminal Law at the Faculty of Law of University of Comenius in Bratislava (PhD.) and worked as an associate.
Kerecman opened his own law firm in 2000 in Košice. He is currently one of seven members of Slovak Republic Press Council (since 2004), the top body of Association for the Protection of Journalists' Ethics in the Slovak Republic. He is also an external advisor to Constitutional Court of the Slovak Republic (since 2007), chairman of Advocacy History Commission of the Slovak Bar Association, a member of Amnesty International and Society of Advocacy History (Czech: Společnost pro historii advokácie) in Prague.
He is also editorial board vice-chair of Bulletin of Slovak Advocacy (Slovak: Bulletin slovenskej advokácie), journal for law studies.
Publications
His monographies include:
Eutanázia, asistovaná samovražda – právne aspekty [Euthanasia, assisted suicide – law aspects] (1999)
Novinári a sloboda tlače v rozsudkoch Európskeho súdu pre ľudské práva [Journalists and press freedom in European Court of Human Rights decisions] (2003)
Kapitoly z dejín advokácie na Slovensku [Chapters from advocacy history in Slovakia] (2005)
Sloboda prejavu novinára a ochrana pred jej zneužitím [Freedom of speech and protection from its misuse] (2009)
História advokácie na Slovensku [History of advocacy in Slovakia] (2011, co-author with R. Manik)
Advokát Janko Jesenský, spisovateľ a legionár [Attorney Janko Jesenský, author and legionare] (2014, co-author with M. Caplovič)
Advokát Ivan Horváth a advokáti v jeho diele [Attorney Ivan Horváth and attorneys in his works] (2014).
References
External links
Curriculum Vitae
Publications list
21st-century Slovak lawyers
1972 births
Living people
Ulli Beier Museum is an art gallery and art school in Osogbo, Nigeria. It was established by the artists Ulli Beier and Susanne Wenger.
Today it is an important contemporary African art gallery, hosting the work of talented and aspiring artists from the Osogbo area and across Nigeria.
References
Museums in Nigeria
African art museums
Osogbo
Art museums and galleries in Nigeria
Chylin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Wierzbica, north-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Bogande is a department or commune of Gnagna Province in northern Burkina Faso. Its capital is the town of Bogande.
Demographics
The population of Bogandé is approximately 335,571 inhabitants in 2013. The population density is 52.2 inhabitants per square kilometer. The literacy rate is around 60%. The major ethnic groups include Gourmantché, Mossi, Fulani, Bellas, Hausa
Economy
The primary economic activity in the region is subsistence agriculture.
Geography
The area is mostly a flat savanna with low shrubby trees.
Climate
The average rainfall was 622.9 mm of water in 2011.
Transport
The local road network is in poor condition. Heavy rains can make local roads nearly impassable, poisoning a serious problem for the inhabitants.
Towns and villages
Towns and villages include Dapili, Ouapassi and Thierry.
References
Departments of Burkina Faso
Gnagna Province
Robert Irwin is associated with the Modern Art movement and is best known for his Installation art. Philosophers influence Irwin's work, such as Maurice Merleau-Ponty's ideas of engagement and interaction between the physical world and people. Irwin reflects these ideas through his disc installations. From 1967-1969 he worked on this installation, which consists of convex discs made of metal and plastic. The discs hang on a wall and are illuminated by floodlights to create the illusion of no edges. It is a play on light, dark, shadows, and the space in which the discs lie in.
Inspiration
The disc installation was born from Robert Irwin's previous works with lines and dots. He worked with lines (on canvas) from 1957 to 1964, but the “prepositional tendency had the effect of dribbling away the viewer's presence before the canvas" (Robert Irwin). The lines led to the dots (many dots on a canvas ranging in colors which all met in the center creating the focal point), which he worked with from 1964 to 1967. But something about the dots didn't sit right with Irwin. He began to question the use of the frame and edges. This led to his manipulation of light, dark, shadow, and the exhibition space, which gave the artwork the ability to “dissolve into its environment.”
Composition
Irwin's intention with the discs was to create a blending between light and dark resulting in an “evenness” while escaping the traditional confinements of a frame. The first experimental discs were made out of a translucent plastic to produce the least amount of contrast between the edges of the disc and the shadow the lights gave off. But it was a trial and error because the discs were too floppy to be used. It took a while searching in California for Irwin to find the right metal shop in downtown Los Angeles that was right for the job. The discs produced by this shop were made of a lightweight aluminum that were shaped by hand with the help of a machine “that consisted of just a soft-shaped steel plate and a drop hammer.” In the later years of Irwin's work with the discs, he was able to create a plastic disc that wasn't too floppy. To avoid the floppy problem, he used a double crowning technique which is essentially a bulge within a bulge.
The shape, three-dimensional convex circles, derived from the dot pieces. Irwin wanted them to be circular in order to avoid the corners a square or rectangle would produce. But instead of being flat it needed to be convex to deemphasize the edge. The disc was painted where the disc bulges out (point closest to the viewer) the same color as the wall (point the furthest away from the viewer) to give it a floating effect. But the combination of convexity and color made it so the viewer had a difficult time determining whether the disc was convex, concave, or flat. (Originally he painted the discs with dots, but the way they turned out was unsatisfactory. He resorted to a spray painting technique, which allowed for the effect that minimized the visibility of the edge.)
The discs vary in size, but very little. (Examples of diameters: 60 3/8", 54 1/4”, 54”) They stretch out about 20 inches away from the wall.
The lighting needed for the pieces is very specific: “even, ambient, natural daylight, without any artificial supplementation.” But this lighting isn't easy to obtain in every location, so although there are places that natural light can be used the most common light used is artificial. The artificial lighting consists of two lights on the floor and two lights on the ceiling that beam onto the disc. The shadows created by the disc are projected onto the wall to look like a “rosette of shadow.” At first, an Incandescent light bulb was used, but the yellow it produced was too warm for such a cool color of paint. Irwin moved onto Westinghouse, which was worse than the standard incandescent (in terms of yellowness). He settled on the next bulb, Sylvania, which still produced a small amount of yellow. To solve the problem, a pale blue transparent filter was attached to the bulb resulting in a cool stream of light.
Towards Irwin's last years of working with the discs he reintroduced the line into his work. He sliced a thin three-inch wide line through the middle of the discs to add a pop of color (the gray wall) and disrupt the minimalism.
Critical Acclaim
“Shown correctly, Irwin's discs are otherworldly. They seem to float ambiguously. It is the disc seeming to dematerialize or the shadows taking on volume? There is an eerie, fluid sense of density, object and shadow playing in and out of co presence. White becoming color becoming shadow of white. Self possession divulging itself.” –Lawrence Weschler commenting on Irwin's discs
“Irwin emphasizes verbally that what he requires of the spectator is for him literally to ‘enact the process of the work's conception'...There were of course serious problems arising out of the inevitable discrepancy between the artist's stated demands and the actual uniformed confrontation with the works, which were, for one thing, exceedingly elegant and often ravishing beautiful; one was not necessarily inclined, at least consciously, to respond as searchingly as hoped.” –Jane Livingston's essay on Irwin's traveling exhibit of discs 1969
Irwin Quotes
“You have to make it very clear to anyone who might read your essay, especially any young artist who might happen to pick it up, that my whole process was really an intuitive activity in which all of the time I was only putting one foot in front of the other, and that each step was not that resolved. Most of the time I didn't have any idea where I was going; I had no real intellectual clarity as to what it was I thought I was doing. Usually it was just a straightforward commitment in terms of pursuing the particular problems or questions which had been raised in the doing of the work.” -Robert Irwin (artist)
“Visually it was very ambiguous which was more real, the object or its shadow. They were basically equal.”-Robert Irwin (artist), 1982
Further reading
Davies, Hugh Marlais, and Ronald J. Onorato. ' ' Blurring the Boundaries: Installation Art 1969-1996' ' : [San Diego, Museum of Contemporary Art, 22 Sept 1996 - 26 Jan 1997]. San Diego: Museum of Contemporary Art, 1999. Print.
Irwin, Robert, Hugh Marlais Davies, and Leonard Feinstein. ' ' Robert Irwin: Primaries and Secondaries' ' San Diego, CA: Museum of Contemporary Art San Diego, 2008. Print.
Onarato, Ronald J., and Sarah E. Bremser. ' ' San Diego Museum of Contemporary Art: Selections from the Permanent Collection.' ' La Jolla, CA: Museum, 1990. Print.
Weschler, Lawrence. ' ' Seeing Is Forgetting the Name of the Thing One Sees: a Life of Contemporary Artist Robert Irwin.' ' Berkeley: University of California, 1982. Print.
References
External links
1 MoMA artist bio
2 MoMA artwork description
3 MoMA press release
4 IMA artwork description
5 LACMA artwork description
6 Essays on series
7 Irwin bio
8 List of Irwin works' locations
9 Irwin piece for sale in 2006
Installation art works
Horodyszcze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Dołhobyczów, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 40.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Vienna Blood is a British-Austrian psychological thriller television series set in Vienna, Austria in the 1900s. Based on the Liebermann novels by Frank Tallis, the series follows Max Liebermann (Matthew Beard), a doctor and student of Sigmund Freud, as he assists Police Detective Oskar Rheinhardt (Jürgen Maurer). By providing psychological insights into the subjects' motives, they investigate disturbing murders with success. A continuing sub-theme is the growing anti-Semitism against the Liebermann family.
It began broadcasting on BBC Two on 18 November 2019. On 6 July 2020, it was recommissioned for a second series. On 22 February 2022, a third series was commissioned.
Cast
Main
Matthew Beard as Max Liebermann
Jürgen Maurer as Oskar Reinhardt
Luise von Finckh as Clara Weiss
Jessica De Gouw as Amelia Lydgate (Season 1)
Lucy Griffiths as Amelia Lydgate (Season 2)
Amelia Bullmore as Rachel Liebermann
Conleth Hill as Mendel Liebermann
Recurring
Charlene McKenna as Leah Liebermann
Oliver Stokowski as Professor Gruner
Raphael von Bargen as Inspector Heinrich / Dietrich von Bulow
Simon Hatzl as Police Commissioner August Strasser
Josef Ellers as Sergeant Haussmann
Harald Windisch as Professor Matthias
Luis Aue as Daniel Liebermann
Ulrich Noethen as Graf von Triebenbach
Michael Niavarani as Herr Bieber
Ursula Strauss as Juno Holderlein
Johannes Krisch as Major Julius Reisinger
Kathrin Beck as Madame Borek
Episodes
Series 1 (2019)
Series 2 (2021)
Production
The series was filmed on location in Vienna and Lower Austria, beginning in October 2018. Locations included the Vienna State Opera house, as well as Schloss Grafenegg, the Vienna University Archive, the Natural History Museum, the Riesenrad, Palais Pallavicini, the Burggarten park, the Arsenal, Café Sperl, and Café Bräunerhof.
The series was a co-production of Endor Productions and MR Film (Austria).
Broadcast
The first series of three 90-minute episodes was broadcast in the United Kingdom on BBC Two between 18 November and 2 December 2019. Austrian channel ORF 2 aired the show beginning 20 December 2019.
In the United States, PBS showed the series in six 45-minute episodes; broadcast began on 19 January 2020.
Reception
Vienna Blood received a 53% critics rating on Rotten Tomatoes, with the consensus reading, 'Though it rarely rises above 'watchable,' fans of period crime series may enjoy passing time with Vienna Blood's charismatic cast anyway.' The Guardian's Emine Saner, giving three out of five stars to the first episode, remarked that the series was similar to Thompson's prior work on Sherlock, particularly in its leads' dynamic and the presentation. However, she did praise the two lead actors. Sean O'Grady of The Independent gave it five out of five stars, praising the direction, recreation of the period and storytelling.
See also
Freud (TV series), a fictive Sigmund Freud himself solves murders
References
External links
2019 British television series debuts
2010s British crime drama television series
2010s British mystery television series
2020s British crime drama television series
2020s British mystery television series
BBC crime television shows
British detective television series
Television shows based on British novels
English-language television shows
Television shows set in Vienna
Radical 69 or radical axe () meaning "axe" is one of the 34 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals in total) composed of 4 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary, there are 55 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.
is also the 85th indexing component in the Table of Indexing Chinese Character Components predominantly adopted by Simplified Chinese dictionaries published in mainland China.
It is also the symbol of the catty, a traditional Chinese unit of mass used across East and Southeast Asia, notably for weighing food and other groceries in some wet markets, street markets, and shops.
Evolution
Derived characters
Literature
External links
Unihan Database - U+65A4
069
085
Slovenia competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 5 to 21 August 2016. This was the nation's seventh consecutive appearance at the Summer Olympics as an independent nation.
The Slovenian Olympic Committee () fielded a team of 63 athletes, 39 men and 24 women, across 12 sports at the Games. Men's handball was the only team sport in which Slovenia qualified for the Games, returning to the Olympics after being absent from the previous two editions.
Of the 63 participants, twenty-one of them had past Olympic experience, with sailor Vasilij Žbogar (bronze in Athens 2004 and silver in Beijing 2008) headed to his fifth straight Games as the most experienced competitor and a potential medal favorite in the Finn class. The only medalist returning from the previous Games to compete in Rio de Janeiro, Žbogar was selected by the committee to lead the Slovenian delegation as the flag bearer in the opening ceremony. Other notable Slovenian athletes included world judo champion Tina Trstenjak in the women's 63 kg, two-time slalom kayak world champion Peter Kauzer, and three-time world championship medalist in canoeing Benjamin Savšek.
Slovenia left Rio de Janeiro with four medals (1 gold, 2 silver, and 1 bronze), which matched its overall tally from both Athens 2004 and London 2012. Among the nation's medalists were Trstenjak, who succeeded Urška Žolnir to become the Olympic champion in the women's 63 kg; Kauzer, who improved upon his sixth-place feat from London by taking a silver in the men's slalom K-1; and Žbogar, who capped off his fifth Games with a silver and third medal overall of his Olympic career in the Finn class, making him one of the most successful Olympians in the history of independent Slovenia.
Medalists
| width=78% align=left valign=top |
| width=22% align=left valign=top |
Athletics
Slovenian athletes have so far achieved qualifying standards in the following athletics events (up to a maximum of 3 athletes in each event):
Track & road events
Field events
Canoeing
Slalom
Slovenian canoeists have qualified a maximum of one boat in each of the following classes through the 2015 ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships.
Sprint
Slovenian canoeists have qualified one boat in each of the following events through the 2015 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships.
Qualification Legend: FA = Qualify to final (medal); FB = Qualify to final B (non-medal)
Cycling
Road
Slovenian riders qualified for a maximum of four quota places in the men's Olympic road race by virtue of their top 15 final national ranking in the 2015 UCI World and Europe Tour. One additional spot was awarded to the Slovenian cyclist in the women's road race by virtue of her top 100 individual placement in the 2016 UCI World Rankings.
Mountain biking
Slovenian mountain bikers qualified for two women's quota places into the Olympic cross-country race, as a result of the nation's sixth-place finish in the UCI Olympic Ranking List of May 25, 2016.
Gymnastics
Artistic
Slovenia has entered one artistic gymnast into the Olympic competition. Teja Belak had claimed her Olympic spot in the women's apparatus and all-around events at the Olympic Test Event in Rio de Janeiro.
Women
Handball
Summary
Men's tournament
The Slovenian men's handball team qualified for the Olympics by virtue of a top two finish at the second meet of the Olympic Qualification Tournament in Malmö, Sweden, signifying the nation's Olympic comeback to the sport for the first time since 2004.
Team roster
Group stage
Quarterfinal
Judo
Slovenia has qualified a total of five judokas for the following weight classes at the Games. Mihael Žgank, Tina Trstenjak, Anamari Velenšek, and two-time Olympian Rok Drakšič were ranked among the top 22 eligible judokas for men and top 14 for women in the IJF World Ranking List of May 30, 2016, while Adrian Gomboc at men's half-lightweight (66 kg) earned a continental quota spot from the European region, as the highest-ranked Slovenian judoka outside of direct qualifying position.
Sailing
Slovenian sailors have qualified one boat in each of the following classes through the 2014 ISAF Sailing World Championships, the individual Worlds, and European qualifying regattas.
M = Medal race; EL = Eliminated – did not advance into the medal race
Shooting
Slovenian shooters have achieved quota places for the following events by virtue of their best finishes at the 2014 and 2015 ISSF World Championships, the 2015 ISSF World Cup series, and European Championships or Games, as long as they obtained a minimum qualifying score (MQS) by March 31, 2016.
Qualification Legend: Q = Qualify for the next round; q = Qualify for the bronze medal (shotgun)
Swimming
Slovenian swimmers have so far achieved qualifying standards in the following events (up to a maximum of 2 swimmers in each event at the Olympic Qualifying Time (OQT), and potentially 1 at the Olympic Selection Time (OST)):
Men
Women
Table tennis
Slovenia has entered one athlete into the table tennis competition at the Games. 2012 Olympian Bojan Tokič secured one of ten available Olympic spots in the men's singles by winning the group final match at the European Qualification Tournament in Halmstad, Sweden.
Tennis
Slovenia has entered one tennis player into the Olympic tournament. Due to the withdrawal of several tennis players from the Games, Polona Hercog (world no. 84) received a spare ITF Olympic place to compete in the women's singles, as the next highest-ranked eligible player, not yet qualified, in the WTA World Rankings as of June 6, 2016.
Triathlon
Slovenia has entered one triathlete to compete at the Games. London 2012 Olympian Mateja Šimic was ranked among the top 40 eligible triathletes in the women's event based on the ITU Olympic Qualification List as of May 15, 2016.
See also
Slovenia at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
References
External links
Rio 2016 Olympic Coverage – Slovenian Olympic Committee
Olympics
Nations at the 2016 Summer Olympics
2016
Line 1 of the Nanjing Metro () is a north-south line and the first operating metro line in the Nanjing Metro system, inaugurated on September 3, 2005. After the opening of the -long south extension line on May 28, 2010, the total length of Line 1 is now , running from to .
Opening timeline
Route
This line mainly runs in a north-south direction. It starts at Maigaoqiao station in the north, and continues southwards towards CPU station which is located at the southeastern side of Nanjing.
Of the total 21.72 km of the main line track, 14.33 km of the Line 1 track runs underground, while 7.39 km of the track run on or above the ground. Of the total 16 stations, 11 of them are underground stations while the other 5 are either ground or elevated stations.
The southern extension line of Metro Line 1 has a total length of 25.08 km with 15 stations (excluding Andemen station). Of the total 15 stations, 8 of them are underground and the other 7 are all elevated stations.
Stations
Extensions under construction
North
There are plans for Line 1 to extend northwards to from to . The extension will cover a length of 7.2 km (6.7 km underground and 0.5 km elevated) with 5 underground stations.
References
External links
Line 1 on the official Nanjing Metro website (includes route map)
Nanjing Metro lines
Siemens Mobility projects
Railway lines opened in 2005
2005 establishments in China
European Cycling Championships may refer to:
European Road Championships, European Championships of road cycling
UEC European Track Championships, European Championships of track cycling
Boletus glabellus is a fungus of the genus Boletus native to North America. It was described in 1888 from species collected near Menands, New York by American mycologist Charles Horton Peck.
See also
List of Boletus species
List of North American boletes
References
External links
glabellus
Fungi described in 1888
Fungi of North America
Taxa named by Charles Horton Peck
Love is Spoken Here is a 2005 album by the Mormon Tabernacle Choir. The album contains "Songs of Heart and Home" and includes hymns, lullabies, and other assorted songs with orchestral accompaniment directed by Mack Wilberg.
The title song (a children's song) was written by Janice Kapp Perry. Some of the other lyrics were written by Mormon lyricist Jeanne Lawler. In March 2006, the album topped Billboard's Indie Chart for Top Combined Classical Music Albums, and peaked at #11 on the Top Classical Crossover Chart.
Track list
"Love is Spoken Here"
"For the Beauty of the Earth"
"I Feel My Savior's Love"
"Our Savior's Love"
"All through the Night"
"Homeward Bound"
"Home Is a Special Kind of Feeling"
"I Am a Child of God"
"A Child's Prayer"
"Suo-gan"
"Oh, What Songs of the Heart"
"I Often Go Walking"
"Simple Gifts"
"I'm Trying to Be Like Jesus"
"My Heavenly Father Loves Me"
"Turn Around"
"Where Love Is"
"Love at Home"
"May the Good Lord Bless and Keep You"
Charts
References
2005 albums
Tabernacle Choir albums
Togo competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil from 7 to 18 September 2016. The country's participation in Rio marked its debut appearance in the quadrennial event, although it had competed in the Summer Olympics nine times since the 1972 Games. The delegation consisted of a single lightweight powerlifter, Aliou Bawa, who qualified by being issued with a Bipartite Commission Invitation spot by the International Paralympic Committee. Bawa was the flag bearer for the opening ceremony. Bawa failed to record a mark in the men's 49 kg category after being unable to lift 113 kilograms of weight in his three attempts.
Background
Togo first competed at the 1972 Olympic Games in Munich, Germany. They participated in the Olympics on nine prior occasions with the exception of the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal and the 1980 Summer Games in the Soviet Union, the former because of a boycott relating to the New Zealand national rugby union team touring South Africa earlier in 1976, and the latter because the country joined the United States-led boycott over the 1979 invasion of Afghanistan during the Soviet–Afghan War. Togo was one of six countries to make their debut at the 2016 Paralympics held in Rio de Janeiro from 7 to 18 September: the others were Aruba, Congo, Malawi, Somalia and São Tomé and Príncipe. The Togolese Federation of Paralympic Sport sent a single lightweight powerlifter to the games, Aliou Bawa. He flew to Brazil on 29 August, and was accompanied by his coach Gneny Tchagbele and committee attache Fidéle Mawuena. Bawa was selected as the flag bearer for the opening ceremony.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Powerlifting
Aliou Bawa, rendered disabled as a consequence of contracting polio as an infant, was the first Togolese Paralympic athlete to compete at the quadrennial event and was 32 years old at the time of the Games. He qualified for the games through the International Paralympic Committee who issued him a Bipartite Commission Invitation spot for the men's 49 kg powerlifting category after bettering his personal record from the 2015 African Games the month prior to the Rio Paralympics. Bawa intensively trained at a fitness centre in the Togolese capital city of Lomé by receiving a grant from the local sporting authorities and later Pavilion 5 at Riocentro to prepare for the Games. He spoke of his belief that he would win a medal at the Rio Paralympics. In Pavillon 2 at Riocentro on 8 September, Bawa performed poorly and was unable to lift 113 kilograms in his three attempts, leaving him without a recorded mark. Despite Bawa's poor result, he stated that he was aware of how difficult it was and spoke of his desire to commence his training for the 2020 Summer Paralympics in Tokyo, while a Togolese sports observer wrote, "It's already our victory, because no one even the biggest and serious predictions had predicted it." Bawa's performance also revived debate over funding for Togolese para-athletes.
See also
Togo at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Togolese sport
Siegfried Theofiel Hortense Bracke (born 21 February 1953) is a former Belgian politician and is affiliated to the N-VA. He was elected as a member of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives in 2010. Bracke was born in Ghent. Before his political career he had a long career as a journalist, working for the VRT (Vlaamse Radio- en Televisieomroep - the primary Flemish-Belgian broadcasting company), hosting various politics-related shows such as Villa Politica and Bracke en Crabbé. He is a supporter of Orangism. After the elections in 2019 he ended his political career.
Notes
External links
1953 births
Ghent University alumni
Living people
Presidents of the Chamber of Representatives (Belgium)
Members of the Chamber of Representatives (Belgium)
New Flemish Alliance politicians
Politicians from Ghent
Male journalists
Flemish journalists
Belgian radio journalists
Belgian television journalists
Belgian television presenters
21st-century Belgian politicians
Sophia Somajo Venai (born 2 January 1985), also known as Soso, is a Swedish songwriter, singer and musician. She has released two albums and two extended plays, and worked with music producer Max Martin as a songwriter under her name and a number of pseudonyms.
Biography
Somajo released The Laptop Diaries, her first album, in 2008. The album's musical style has led critics to compare her with singer Robyn.
In 2011, Somajo released the song "Wristcutters Inc.", featuring Pelle Almqvist from The Hives, then intended to be the lead single from her major-label debut album. However, after leaving a record deal with her record label in 2012, Somajo started her own label, named Do It Yourself Bitch Productions, and released T.T.I.D.S.D.I.E.U.I.C (That Time I Dug So Deep I Ended Up in China), her second album. The album was made available for free download via file sharing website The Pirate Bay. Somajo wrote, recorded and produced the album in her living room. Michael Cragg of The Guardian described it as "a brilliant, brutal and often baffling album that deserves wider attention for its raw and uncompromising dissection of a brain on overdrive." In 2013, Somajo released the song "Low" to celebrate Stockholm Pride.
Somajo released Freudian Slip, an extended play, in 2017. It was her first album where she has worked with outside producers, including Patrik Berger, Michel Flygare and Tobias Jimson.
In 2018, Somajo released her cover of Tina Turner's song "Private Dancer", the first new music from Freudian Slip II, her upcoming second EP. Later that year, Somajo was featured as the vocalist in Norwegian DJ Alan Walker's song "Diamond Heart". Kat Bein of Billboard compared her vocals in "Diamond Heart" to those of singer Sia's.
Songwriting
Somajo has written songs under her name for Swedish artists Robyn and Style of Eye, and under a number of pseudonyms for Britney Spears, Christina Aguilera, Backstreet Boys, Alesso, Adam Lambert, and other artists. One of the pseudonyms she has used is Tiffany Amber. She described her use of pseudonyms as a way to manage expectations with her own music. In a 2018 interview with Popjustice, Somajo recalled being expected to work as a singer with teams of male songwriters and music producers. She noted producer Max Martin as an exception to that trend, who saw her as equivalent to male producers and gave her a chance to write and produce music. She described women musicians in pop music as shaped by songwriters writing from a male perspective, saying that "in popular culture when women relate to women, they're actually relating to women as interpreted by men".
References
1985 births
Living people
Swedish women singers
21st-century Swedish singers
English-language singers from Sweden
Swedish women singer-songwriters
Swedish singer-songwriters
Swedish pop singers
21st-century Swedish women singers
Kułakowice Trzecie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north-west of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 305.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Agitpop is the fifth studio album by Canadian band The Lowest of the Low. For the third album in the row, a new bassist is featured with Greg Smith from The Weakerthans taking over for long time Ron Hawkins collaborator Derrick Brady. The record is very much a product of its time; a collection of protest songs that speak to what's going on in the world. Songwriter Ron Hawkins explains: "It's been a while since I felt the need to take the small p in the politics of my songwriting and capitalize it. But with fascism on the rise again throughout the world it's time to hit 'caps lock' on that P once again."
With the band signed to a major label, Warner Music Canada, the band had the support to seek out a "name" producer for the project and, as big fans of The Clash, they targeted Mick Jones. When that didn't pan out, a mutual friend then suggested Grammy winning producer David Bottrill on the record. Hawkins, who had issues the last time The Low worked with a "name" producer (Don Smith) had a much better connection with Bottrill and unveiled an aggressive plan for the recording sessions. "At the beginning I said ‘Okay, I booked fourteen days in the studio, we're going to do fourteen songs' and he was like ‘Ahhhh, that's fucking crazy dude, you know, that's really ambitious.” Ultimately they recorded 14 songs in 19 days. Hawkins described the finished record as "songs about revolution and redistribution…liberation, love and justice," written in response to the current world we live in."
The album features one track, 'Bottle Rockets' that for the first time in the band's history has multiple songwriters credited. Previously all the material was written by Hawkins with a few tracks written by former guitarist Stephen Stanley but 'Bottle Rockets' features the full band receiving a writing credit and ex-bassist Dylan Parker getting a credit as well.
The political nature of the music did cause some friction within the band. The first single, 'The Barricade' features the lyric "My next vote's with a brick" and some band members were uncomfortable with the suggestion that violence is the answer. “We had some band discussion and the band wasn't exactly sure that we were representing ourselves, our fans with it,” Hawkins said. “We talked it out and it stayed in the song."
In a four-star review from The Spill Magazine, they praised the album's ability to balance big political ideas and hope. "Lyrically, this purposeful 14-track, 48-minute album, contains a decidedly political theme. While politics can be a somewhat depressing subject nowadays, Hawkins injects his lyrics with hope, unity, and a call to living in the now. The energy is contagious, making this brilliant album a striking, singable, and most of all optimistic offering about affecting change for the better."
"The Barricade" was released as the album's first single on May 1.
The record was also released as double album on vinyl.
Track listing
All songs written by Ron Hawkins except where noted.
"Bonnie & Clyde" – 3:04
"Bottle Rockets" (Hawkins, David Alexander, Michael McKenzie, Lawrence Nichols and Greg Smith) – 3:56
"The Ballad of Late-Era Capitalism" – 2:51
"When She Falls" – 2:53
"F-Noise (Rebel Radio)" – 2:53
"The Barricade" – 3:32
"Night of a Thousand Guns" – 5:29
"Love 'N' Justice" – 2:40
"Imogene" – 3:36
"Seven-A" – 2:30
"Midnight Maryanne" – 3:24
"A Thousand Lights" – 3:53
"Permanent Revolution" - 3:49
References
2019 albums
The Lowest of the Low albums
Nowosiółki (, Novosilky) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north-west of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 285.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Wallace Willis was a Choctaw freedman living in the Indian Territory, in what is now Choctaw County, near the city of Hugo, Oklahoma, US. His dates are unclear: perhaps 1820 to 1880. He is credited with composing (probably before 1860) several Negro spirituals. Willis received his name from his owner, Britt Willis, probably in Mississippi, the ancestral home of the Choctaws. He died, probably in what is now Atoka County, Oklahoma, as his unmarked grave is located there.
Before the Civil War Willis and his wife, Aunt Minerva, were sent by their owner to work at the Spencer Academy where the superintendent, Reverend Alexander Reid, heard them singing. In 1871 Reid was at a performance of the Jubilee Singers of Fisk University and thought the songs he had heard the Willises singing were better than those of the Jubilee Singers. He furnished them to the group, which performed them in the United States and Europe. Many are now famous, including "Swing Low, Sweet Chariot" and "Steal Away To Jesus".
It is sometimes said that the songs credited to Willis had actually been written by unknown composers, but there is no record of any of the songs until they were performed by the Jubilee Singers.
Compositions
"I'm A Rollin'"
"Swing Low, Sweet Chariot"
"Steal Away To Jesus"
"The Angels are Coming"
Swing Low, Sweet Chariot
"Swing Low, Sweet Chariot" was composed by Willis in what is now Choctaw County, near the County seat of Hugo, Oklahoma around 1840. He may have been inspired by the sight of the Red River, by which he was toiling, which reminded him of the Jordan River and of the Prophet Elijah being taken to heaven by a chariot (2 Kings 2:11). In 2002, the US Library of Congress honored the song as one of 50 recordings chosen that year to be added to the National Recording Registry. It was also included in the list of Songs of the Century, by the Recording Industry Association of America and the National Endowment for the Arts.
References
Bibliography
Banks, Frances. "Narrative" from The WPA Oklahoma Slave Narratives edited by T. Lindsay Baker and Julie P. Baker (United States Work Projects Administration). University of Oklahoma Press, 1996.
Debo, Angie; John M. Oskison (eds. Federal writers Project). Oklahoma: A Guide to the Sooner State. University of Oklahoma Press, 1941.
Hubbell, Jay B.; John O. Beaty. An Introduction to Poetry. The Macmillan Company, 1922.
Wright, Muriel H. Early Navigation and Commerce Along the Arkansas and Red Rivers in Oklahoma". Chronicles of Oklahoma 8:1 (March 1930) 65-88.
Oklahoma Historical Society. "Oklahoma Historic Sites Survey". Chronicles of Oklahoma 36:1 (1958) 282-314.
External links
Willis, Uncle Wallace and Aunt Minerva—Encyclopedia of Oklahoma History & Culture.
19th-century African-American musicians
19th-century American composers
19th-century American male musicians
African-American composers
African-American history of Oklahoma
African-American male composers
American male songwriters
Choctaw people
People from Choctaw County, Oklahoma
People of Indian Territory
People who wrote slave narratives
Songwriters from Oklahoma
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
The pound was the currency of New Hampshire until 1793. Initially, sterling coin circulated, supplemented from 1709 by local paper money. These notes were denominated in £sd but were worth less than sterling, with 1 New Hampshire shilling = 9 pence sterling. This first issue of paper money was known as the "Old Tenor" issue.
In 1742, following depreciation of the Old Tenor notes, "New Tenor" notes were issued worth 4 times the Old tenor notes. These were replaced, in 1755, by the "Lawful Money" issue. These notes were initially equal to their face value in sterling and replaced the previous issues at the rates of 1 Lawful shilling = 3⅓ New Tenor shillings = 13⅓ Old Tenor shillings. The "Colonial" issue of paper money was introduced in 1763, worth 1⅓ times the Lawful Money notes.
The State of New Hampshire issued Continental currency denominated in £sd and Spanish dollars, with 1 dollar = 6 shillings. The continental currency was replaced by the U.S. dollar at a rate of 1000 continental dollars = 1 U.S. dollar.
Historical currencies of the United States
1793 disestablishments in New Hampshire
Pre-statehood history of New Hampshire
Economy of New Hampshire
Los Cristianos is a town in Spain with a population of 21,235 (2017), situated on the south coast of the Canary Island of Tenerife. Located in the municipality of Arona between the cone of the mountain Chayofita and the greater mountain Guaza. The town centre is around the Los Cristianos bay, but is rapidly expanding inland with modern development. The town is a popular tourist resort and includes a ferry port and two beaches.
Unlike its bustling neighbour, Playa de las Américas, this town has a history that predates the tourist boom of the 1970s and 1980s. For many years this holiday hub was a quiet fishing village and evidence of its humble origins can still be seen in the typical Canarian architecture of the older buildings. Since the rise in popularity of tourism to the area, the town has grown and now hosts many hotels, holiday resorts, bars and restaurants. The ferry port serves as a base for excursions such as dolphin and whale watching and game fishing.
History
Historical references to Los Cristianos date back to the 16th century, when it is described as a harbour by the Notary Hernán Guerra. Los Cristianos remained an important port for the south of Tenerife throughout the 17th, 18th and 19th Centuries but remained unsettled until the latter part of the 19th Century due to the threat of pirate raids as there was no significant population to warrant a castle or fort.
The first permanent settlement of Los Cristianos was in the 1860s when it was described by Pedro de Olive as "a hamlet in Arona, with three one-storey houses, a two-storey house and a hut." It was officially recognised in governmental documents as being established in 1888 by 29 houses and a cave.
The population of Los Cristianos started to grow around the turn of the century with the advent of industry & trade. With the threat from pirates and privateers now a distant memory, Los Cristianos, with its natural harbour thrived as the import-export centre of the south of Tenerife. In 1909, the first Quay was built to ship the produce of a local distillery. It still remains today and is known as "El Puerto Viejo" (Old Quay). Other industries at the time included a resin factory, nearby salt mines and a fish salting factory.
Agriculture didn't feature in the local economy until the land was irrigated by Teofílo Bello Rodríguez who in 1914 was authorized to run a pipe from his land in Vilaflor to land owned by his father in Los Cristianos. This fuelled further economic expansion, with the planting of tomato and banana crops, which required new labour to work the plantations.
In 1924 the growing population had growing spiritual as well as economic needs, so the residents commissioned the construction of the Chapel of Our Lady of Mount Carmel. The chapel was demolished in 1987 and new larger parish church built was in its place in the centre of Los Cristianos.
In 1934 a larger port was constructed in the bay of Los Cristianos, which could accommodate larger ships, allowed for the development of fishing, and increased the importance of commercial shipping. A new and bigger port was built on the same site in 1975 and saw the inauguration of a daily ferry service between Los Cristianos and the neighbouring Island of La Gomera.
Around the time of World War II, a number of fortifications were built, with at least 3 small bunkers along the Los Cristianos coastline, possibly as defences against a planned British invasion. During World War II Spain was officially neutral, but considered Axis-friendly, as the Nazis had financed the phalangist victory in the Spanish Civil War. Some of these fortifications remain intact today.
Since 2015, the town of Los Cristianos is the headquarters of the Islamic Federation of the Canary Islands, which is the organization that brings together associations and Muslim communities of the Canary Islands.
Tourism
The origins of tourism in Los Cristianos lie with a Swedish man, Bengt Rylander (known locally as Don Benito), who came to Los Cristianos in 1956 suffering from multiple sclerosis, hoping the warm climate and clean air would help ease his ailments. He convalesced well and spread the word of the mild and sunny climate he had discovered to his friends in Sweden and, since he was formerly a writer and TV commentator, word spread quickly. In 1957 he was joined by several friends who suffered from poliomyelitis and rheumatic diseases.
So the origins of tourism in Los Cristianos during the late 1950s and early 1960s are as a resort for ailing & convalescent Swedes. These unlikely pioneers have left their mark on the town, with the main high-street in Los Cristianos known as "Avenida de Suecia" (Avenue of Sweden) and the "Casa Sueca", now a Swedish Lutheran Church, located on the seafront.
Tourism was not limited to the Swedes, growing numbers of visitors from other European countries. The 1960s saw the construction of the first large buildings in Los Cristianos to house the growing number of tourists, these included Cristianmar, Rosamar and the four-star Oasis Moreque Hotel. The steady number of disabled Swedish visitors also led to the opening of the Vintersol public rehabilitation clinic in 1965.
Some old photos of Los Cristianos in the early days can be seen in the Hotel Princesa Dacil close to the beach. There are many old photos from the late 1960s and early 1970s in construction on display.
Whilst tourist numbers in Los Cristianos grew steadily in the 1960s and 1970s, it was only after the inauguration of the new International Airport in the south of Tenerife (Reina Sofía) in autumn 1978 that tourism really began to boom in the south of the island.
A number of huge hotels and apartment blocks were built during the 1970s to house the growing number of tourists and workers, but it was in the 1980s when the town began to expand massively. As well as holidaymakers, Los Cristianos began to attract a number of British expatriates who emigrated either permanently or semi-permanently to escape the cold British winters. As English is as widely spoken as Spanish, there are also a number of British owned bars, restaurants, shops and services aimed predominantly at the tourist sector.
Beaches
Los Cristianos is home to two popular beaches: The main beach (Playa de Los Cristianos) is a sandy beach sheltered by the Harbour and boasts a number of facilities including watersports, beach volley ball, showers and a children's play area. Las Vistas Beach is located in the next bay beyond the harbour and is man-made, protected by break-waters, it also boasts a number of facilities including watersports, showers and a tourist information site. In December 2008 the Los Cristianos promenade, which was originally constructed back in the seventies, was given a facelift.
There is also a rocky, black-sand beach in the "Rincón" area of Los Cristianos, (between the headland near the Puerto Viejo and the cliffs of Montaña Guaza.)
Economy
Nowadays Los Cristianos is a busy tourist resort, attracting hundreds of thousands of visitors each year. Dozens of hotels and self-catering holiday apartments are available; many can be booked direct or through major tour operators. Tourism related industries are the main employer in Los Cristianos.
Los Cristianos is also home to a plethora of bars and restaurants of varying styles, from 'tapas' bars to high quality local and international cuisine. Eating out is inexpensive; so many visitors opt for half-board or self-catering accommodation.
As a consequence of the tourism boom agriculture went into terminal decline and the last banana crop was harvested in the early 1990s. A small fishing fleet still operates from the harbour, but commercial shipping has all but been replaced with pleasure cruises and ferry services to the neighbouring islands of La Gomera, El Hierro and La Palma.
Los Cristianos is also a major commercial centre for the south of Tenerife, with a vibrant high-street offering a range of small stores, catering for both tourists and residents alike. There are a number of small shopping malls as well as a number of major national-chain supermarkets.
Los Cristianos is also rapidly replacing Arona as the administrative centre of the south of Tenerife, with its own "Centro Cultural" which takes on many of the roles of the town-hall and Los Cristianos is also home to the "Juzgados de Arona" (County Courts).
Transport
Los Cristianos is connected via the TF1 Motorway to the island's capital city Santa Cruz de Tenerife, and to the Tenerife South Airport. The town has its own bus terminal with regular services to other parts of the island. Daily ferry services to the neighbouring islands of La Gomera, El Hierro and La Palma also leave from the harbour of Los Cristianos operated by the Naviera Armas and Fred Olsen Express ferry companies. The Fred. Olsen Express firm has replaced the route which was previously operated by low-cost ferry start-up Garajonay Express who went bankrupt in 2008.
The town itself is best explored by foot, as it has a number of wheelchair friendly pedestrian walkways and a long beachfront promenade. Taxis are readily available within the town. The port area of Los Cristianos is in first place in Spain in terms of passenger traffic through its links with the ports of San Sebastian de La Gomera, La Estaca in El Hierro and Santa Cruz de La Palma.
Photo gallery
References
Sources
Pedro de Olive Diccionario estadístico-administrativos de las Islas Canarias. 1865.
Nelson Díaz Frías History of Los Cristianos. 2004
External links
Populated places in Tenerife
Seaside resorts in Spain
Kaloji Narayana Rao (9 September 1914 – 13 November 2002) was an Indian poet, freedom fighter, anti-fascist and political activist of Telangana. He was awarded the Padma Vibhushan in 1992. The Telangana government honored Kaloji's birthday as Telangana Language Day.
Education and activism
Kaloji was born on September 9, 1914 in Rattihalli village in Bijapur district, Karnataka. His mother Ramabayamma hailing from Karnataka. Father Kaloji Rangarao is from Maharashtra,his elder brother, Kaloji Rameshwar Rao, an Urdu poet, played a vital role in shaping his personality. Kaloji completed his primary education from Madikonda and higher education in Warangal and Hyderabad.Kaloji is a polyglot. Although he studied Telugu from an early age, he also wrote poetry in Marathi, Kannada, Hindi and Urdu.Kaloji married Rukmini Bai in 1940.
During his student days , he was deeply influenced by and participated in popular movements of the time. like the Arya Samaj Movement, especially in the domain of civil rights. He has also involved in Andhra Maha Sabha activities since its formation in 1934, and part of the Satyagraha, Osmania University Vandemataram, State Congress, Andhra Mahasabha (Telangana) and Library movements. Considered by many to be a freedom fighter, he was part of the freedom movement of Hyderabad State and underwent imprisonment under the Nizam.
His commitment to human rights made him an active member of the Tarkunde Committee. Although opposed to power and the trapping of office Kaloji looked upon elections as a democratic exercise. He contested thrice and got elected once as a member of the Andhra Pradesh Legislative Council. His most significant dispute was against Jalagam Vengal Rao, then Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh, in 1977.
Honour
In September 2014, the Government of Telangana in his honour, named the Medical University, Kaloji Narayana Rao University of Health Sciences after him.
Literary works
Kaloji wrote poetry in Telugu, Urdu, Hindi and Marathi languages. In 1992, he was awarded an honorary doctorate by Kakatiya University.
Published writings
Death
Kaloji died on 13 November 2002. He donated his body for research to Kakatiya Medical College in Warangal.
References
External links
Kaloji's essay about Telangana and its dialect
etelangana.org/Kaloji_Bio.asp
1914 births
2002 deaths
Recipients of the Padma Vibhushan in arts
People from Telangana
Telugu poets
People from Warangal
Telangana Rebellion
20th-century Indian poets
Indian male poets
20th-century Indian male writers
The Right Number is an infinite canvas webcomic by Scott McCloud. The webcomic makes use of an experimental zooming user interface, where each subsequent panel is nested inside of the panel that comes before it. The Right Number follows a man who discovers that one can figure out someone's character traits based on their phone number, and starts to abuse the patterns he finds to search the perfect girlfriend. The story is focused on obsession and how it is impossible to find the perfect mate. Two of its three parts were published in 2003 through the BitPass micropayment service McCloud was a consultant for at the time. The third part was never released, and when BitPass went under in 2007, McCloud released the two existing parts of The Right Number for free.
Concept
Scott McCloud has been advocating the concept of the infinite canvas since he wrote about it in his 2000 book Reinventing Comics, as he believes that webcomics may revolutionize the way long-form comics are created and read. The Right Number uses Flash animation to create a seamless transition between any two panels. The webcomic is set up so that at the center of each screen-filling panel lies a very small version of the next panel. The reader can click on an arrow below the webcomic or use the navigation keys to zoom in on this tiny panel so that it in turn fills the screen. McCloud described this layout as a "long chain of panels, one behind the other, with a hole in the center of each of them; so the reader is successively moving in on each of the panels in order to see the next." The layout of The Right Number preserves a visual link between panels or pages that traditional webcomics lack, as readers aren't taken out of the experience as they may when using a hyperlink to move to the next page. The Right Number has an advantage over infinitely-scrollable webcomics in that it preserves the rhythm of reading the comic, while scrollers may start to "drag on and on." The time the webcomic spends zooming in on panels forces the reader to pace themselves.
Synopsis
The Right Number follows a man who accidentally meets up with a stranger rather than his own girlfriend after misdialing a phone call. The woman he meets looks, sounds, and acts significantly like his wife, however, and the protagonist finds that this girl is a "better version" of his girlfriend. He starts to experiment with his phone, and discovers a pattern where women with similar phone numbers have similar character traits. He then abuses this system to find the perfect girlfriend, as he starts to obsess over the smallest details. McCloud describes The Right Number as "a story about obsession" and calls this a theme he returns to often. In an interview with Joe Zabel, McCloud said that he is "pessimistic about the wisdom of trying to find the perfect mate," which is what the protagonist of his webcomic fails to understand.
Publication
Scott McCloud was contacted by the founders of BitPass in November 2002, and liking their implementation of micropayments – a model McCloud had advocated for years – he became a consultant. The first part of McCloud's The Right Number was released online on June 30, 2003, to coincide with the launch of BitPass. The part could be bought worldwide for $.25 USD, and a purchase remained good for 180 days. The Right Number was to be released in three parts, each about five weeks apart. However, the third part was indefinitely delayed – initially due to tendinitis in McCloud's hands, and later because McCloud started working on Making Comics. When BitPass ceased operation in 2007, the two parts of The Right Number were released free of charge. The webcomic received attention from non-comic readers who were interested in the outcome of McCloud's micropayment system; in the four years BitPass was in place, McCloud sold just under 2,300 copies of The Right Number.
Reception
In 2011, David Balan of Sequart Organization praised McCloud's webcomic for successfully crafting a new reading convention, calling it far superior to existing formats. Karin L. Kross of Bookslut noted in a review of the first part of The Right Number that it is tempting to "[argue] over whether the use of the form and technology is sufficiently 'innovative,'" but that such discussions lose sight of the more important questions of whether the story is worth reading and the art is worth looking at. In the case of The Right Number, Kross answered both of these questions with "yes".
References
External links
The Right Number at Scott McCloud's personal website
2003 webcomic debuts
2000s webcomics
Romance webcomics
Infinite canvas webcomics
American webcomics
A Nicopress swaged sleeve is a mechanically swaged connector commonly used to make a mechanical or electro-mechanical connection. These sleeves join or terminate: wire rope, aircraft cable, synthetic cable, fibrous rope, or electrical conductor/cable
Oval swaged sleeve
When properly applied to 7×7, 7×19 or 6×19 IWRC classification wire rope, the nicopress eye-splice configuration termination provides a secured connection equal to the breaking strength of the wire rope. The product was originally developed for the US Military, patented in 1942 and currently used in a wide range of applications and industries including: aerospace, defense, marine, material handling, and structural applications.
All product is produced from seamless metal tube and used to swage stainless steel, galvanized wire ropes or synthetic rope. The product, when made from copper or stainless steel, conforms to United States Military Standard, MS 51844.
The product which is used to make an eye splice is known as: Oval Sleeve, Figure 8 Sleeve, Hourglass Sleeve, Duplex Sleeve, Ferrule and Nicos.
Correct installation is critical to the performance of the product; this includes utilizing the correct tool groove and/or die, number of presses/bites, press sequence and gauging. Adhering to the manufacturer's instructions will avoid catastrophic failure.
Stop sleeve
The round stop sleeve is intended to be pressed on single wire or synthetic ropes, e.g. for use as an end stop.
Splicing sleeve
Electrical conductor splicing sleeves are designed to splice a range of conductors. Full tension sleeves are made of high conductivity
copper, aluminum or steel with a specially bonded inner bore coating
Tools
A range of swaging tools are available to compress sleeves correctly. Tools range from manual pliers type and toggle-action to pneumatic, hydraulic and battery-operated hydraulic tools.
The company
The National Telephone Supply Company was established in 1901; a trademark in many countries is Nicopress. The parent company is based in Cleveland, Ohio. The sleeves and swaging tools are sold throughout the world with representatives in most industrialized countries.
References
External links
Handbook of Oceanographic Winch, Wire and Cable Technology
US Federal Specification RR-W-410 for Wire Rope and Strand
Cables
Wire
Fasteners
Fences
The Kraburi River (, , ; , BGN/PCGN: myitkyina, Kyan River), also Kra () or Pak Chan River () is the boundary river between Thailand and Myanmar at the Kra Isthmus of the Malay Peninsula. The river has its source in the Tenasserim Hills and flows into the Andaman Sea near the Thai town of Ranong and Kawthaung (Victoria Point), Myanmar.
At its mouth, the river is a wide tidal estuary, which contains the largest preserved mangrove forests of Thailand. It is a protected area. Lam Nam Kraburi National Park covers most of the Thai side of the estuary, while the Ranong Biosphere Reserve and the Laemson Ramsar Site include areas to the south.
The sovereignty of three Andaman Sea islands at the river's mouth remain disputed. The standing agreement, negotiated in February 1982, left undetermined the status of Ginga Island (Ko Lam), Ko Kham, and Ko Ki Nok at the mouth of the Kraburi River (Pak Chan River). Subsequent negotiations in 1985, 1989, and 1990 made no progress. The two parties have designated the islands as "no man's land". Ongoing tensions in the area resulted in minor clashes in 1998, 2003, and 2013.
References
External links
Laemson Ramsar site
Lam Nam Kraburi National Park
Ranong province website on the Ranong Biosphere Reserve
Rivers of Thailand
Andaman Sea
Myanmar–Thailand border
Rivers of Myanmar
The Lara Sporting Club, nicknamed the Cats, is an Australian sports club based in the city of Lara, Victoria.
The club's Australian rules football and netball teams currently compete in the Geelong Football Netball League. Lara play its home games at Lara Recreation Reserve. Other sections of the club include baseball and cricket
Lara is situated between Geelong and Werribee on the main Geelong rail line so over the years the club has played in competitions to the East and West of the town.
History
1907-1914 Geelong Football Association
1919-1927 Werribee Lara Football Association
1928-1932 Geelong Athletic Societies League
1933-1935 Geelong Football Association
1936-1946 Werribee District Football League
1947-1988 Geelong & District Football League
1989-2019 Geelong Football League
Merger
In 1975 the Football club and the cricket merged to form the Lara Sporting Club.
Geelong Football League
After winning two premierships in three years Lara opted to move into the GFL in 1989. In 2015 the League was absorbed into the AFL Barwon Football League.
VFL / AFL players
Allen Christensen – ,
Josh Walker – ,
Michael Kol –
Nigel Kol –
Devon Smith - ,
Bibliography
Cat Country: History of Football In The Geelong Region by John Stoward –
References
External links
Official website
Geelong Football League clubs
1880 establishments in Australia
Geelong & District Football League clubs
Sport clubs established in 1880
Netball teams in Victoria (Australia)
Australian club cricket teams
Baseball teams in Australia
Lee Jae-ho is a South Korean male curler.
At the international level, he is a and 2007 Asian Winter Games champion curler.
Teams
References
External links
Living people
South Korean male curlers
Curlers at the 2007 Asian Winter Games
Medalists at the 2007 Asian Winter Games
Asian Games medalists in curling
Asian Games gold medalists for South Korea
Year of birth missing (living people)
Janówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśniowice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Chełm and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Sunnybrook is a hamlet in central Alberta, Canada within Leduc County. It is located on Highway 39, approximately west of Leduc.
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Sunnybrook had a population of 50 living in 22 of its 25 total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of 59. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
As a designated place in the 2016 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Sunnybrook had a population of 59 living in 24 of its 26 total private dwellings, a change of from its 2011 population of 59. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2016.
See also
List of communities in Alberta
List of hamlets in Alberta
References
Designated places in Alberta
Hamlets in Alberta
Leduc County
Maola Milk & Ice Cream Company, Inc. is a dairy company located in New Bern, North Carolina, United States. Products are distributed throughout North Carolina as well as parts of South Carolina and Virginia including milk, ice cream, juices, custard and novelties. The company has been a subsidiary of Maryland & Virginia Milk Producers Cooperative Association, Inc. since being acquired in 2003, based in Reston, Virginia.
History
Maola was founded in Washington, North Carolina and has made milk and ice cream since 1935. The company produces 100,000 gallons of milk per day and sells 1.5 million gallons of ice cream annually.
The processing plant in New Bern closed in 2014 after 79 years of production. Maola brand products are now made at facilities in High Point, North Carolina and Newport News, Virginia.
References
External links
Maola Milk & Ice Cream Company, Inc. (Official Website)
Dairy farming
New Bern, North Carolina
Food and drink companies established in 1935
1935 establishments in North Carolina
Pandaun is a village development committee in Kailali District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3070 living in 536 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Kailali District
Populated places in Kailali District
Durrant Brown (born 8 July 1964) is a retired Jamaican football player.
The defender played his entire career for Wadadah F.C. He was nicknamed "Tatty". He played as a central defender despite being only 1.71m.
He played 102 times for the Jamaica national football team and was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup.
Honours
Jamaica National Premier League: 2
1988, 1992
Caribbean Cup: 1
1991
See also
List of men's footballers with 100 or more international caps
References
1964 births
Jamaican footballers
1993 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
1998 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
1998 FIFA World Cup players
Living people
FIFA Century Club
Jamaica international footballers
Wadadah F.C. players
Association football defenders
People from Montego Bay
St. John's Sports Club is a Grenadian football club from Gouyave, Saint John Parish that plays in the Grenada Premier Division.
Squad
References
External links
St Johns
Robert Wolfe Quine (December 30, 1942 – May 31, 2004) was an American guitarist. A native of Akron, Ohio, Quine worked with a wide range of musicians, though he himself remained relatively unknown. Critic Mark Deming wrote that "Quine's eclectic style embraced influences from jazz, rock, and blues players of all stripes, and his thoughtful technique and uncompromising approach led to rewarding collaborations with a number of visionary musicians."
His collaborators included Richard Hell & the Voidoids, Lou Reed (notably on The Blue Mask), Brian Eno, John Zorn, Ikue Mori, Marc Ribot, Marianne Faithfull (Strange Weather), Lloyd Cole, Matthew Sweet and Tom Waits.
Lester Bangs wrote that he was a "pivotal figure" and "the first guitarist to take the breakthroughs of early Lou Reed and James Williamson and work through them to a new, individual vocabulary, driven into odd places by obsessive attention to On the Corner-era Miles Davis." Quine was ranked 80th by Rolling Stone magazine's David Fricke in his list of "100 Greatest Guitarists".
Early life
Quine was born in Akron, Ohio, the son of Rosalie (née Cohen) and Robert Cloyd Quine. He was a nephew of philosopher Willard Van Orman Quine. After graduating from Earlham College in 1965, Quine earned a law degree "out of inertia" from Washington University in St. Louis in 1968. Although he never practiced law and failed the California bar exam on several occasions, Quine wrote tax law textbooks for Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey-based publisher Prentice Hall for three years after moving to New York City in 1971 by virtue of his admission to the Missouri bar in 1969. Quine also enrolled at the Berklee School of Music at an indeterminate point without taking a degree.
Career
In 1969, Quine made a series of cassette recordings of the Velvet Underground performing live in St. Louis and San Francisco, where he lived between late 1969 and 1971. These saw official release in 2001 by Polydor Records, titled Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes. Though lo-fi in sound quality, the album is an important document of the group. In the liner notes, Quine writes: "I got a lot of pleasure and inspiration from these performances. As a guitar player, they were an important element in shaping what musical direction I wanted to take." While in St. Louis, he performed in a band called Bruce's Farm that specialized in Byrds covers.
Throughout his San Francisco years (coinciding with his attempts to pass the California bar exam), Quine "sort of began to come up with my own style," often performing under the influence of LSD; nevertheless, he disdained such psychedelic rock groups as Jefferson Airplane and the Grateful Dead. During this period, his influences included John Coltrane's Ascension (1966), Elvis Presley's singles for Sun Records, Fats Domino, Bo Diddley, James Burton, Mickey Baker and Little Richard. Upon moving to New York, he began to gravitate toward a new array of influences, including the 1972-1975 electric oeuvre of Miles Davis (especially the guitar sounds on 1972's On the Corner and 1975's Agharta), The Stooges' Raw Power (1973) and Brian Eno.
After leaving Prentice Hall to focus on his musical career in the mid-1970s, he worked at the Greenwich Village bookstore Cinemabilia with Richard Hell and Tom Verlaine, the co-founders of the influential punk band Television. Later, Hell invited him to join his new band The Voidoids. Hell's two Voidoid albums feature Quine's distinctive guitar work; guitarist Marc Ribot once said about Quine that "in terms of punk rock guitar soloing, [Quine] could definitely be called the inventor," while critic Ira Robbins describes his work as "stunning and underrated".
After The Voidoids broke up, Quine recorded with Lydia Lunch, Jody Harris and Material. From September 1979 to July 1980, Quine and Harris recorded various guitar improvisations with a drum machine. In 1981, some of those experiments were released as the Harris/Quine album, Escape. With Material bandmate Fred Maher, Quine recorded his only other solo album, Basic, released in 1984.
In the early 1980s, Lou Reed drafted Quine to join his group. He appeared on The Blue Mask (1982), widely regarded as one of Reed's best albums. The Reed-Quine guitar work crafted interlocking duels that blur the lines between rhythm and leads. Reed's 1983 album Legendary Hearts featured most of the same group, but Quine eventually quit due to tensions with Reed, exacerbated when Reed mixed down or entirely removed most of Quine's guitar parts on Legendary Hearts. Quine claimed that when he got his advance copy of the album, he was so disgusted by this, he smashed the cassette into "smithereens" with a hammer. Reed persuaded Quine to rejoin for a world tour, which is documented on the video A Night with Lou Reed (1983) and the album Live in Italy (1984); Quine disliked touring, but agreed to the tour for financial reasons. He ended his partnership with Reed for good in 1984.
Although Quine frequently collaborated with Eno from the late 1970s to the mid-1980s (coinciding with the producer's residency in New York), "almost none of [their work] ever came out." In a 1997 interview with Perfect Sound Forever, he claimed to have introduced Eno to "He Loved Him Madly," a thirty-two minute 1974 Miles Davis song that Eno has cited as a pivotal influence in his development of ambient music.
Throughout the 1980s, Quine made appearances as a session player on records by Tom Waits, John Zorn, Marianne Faithfull and Scritti Politti. In the late 1980s and early 1990s, Quine began collaborations with a few musicians who would introduce him to new audiences, and who would raise his profile a bit. Saxophonist/composer John Zorn hired Quine for several experimental projects. He appeared on They Might Be Giants' 1994 album John Henry, and he also worked with pop songwriters/singers Lloyd Cole and Matthew Sweet during this period. Sweet's biggest hit song, "Girlfriend," is anchored by Quine's frenetic, squealing guitar work.
Death
After the death of his wife Alice in August 2003, Quine died by suicide due to a heroin overdose in his New York home on May 31, 2004.
Discography
Solo
Escape (with Jody Harris) (1981)
Basic (with Fred Maher) (1984)
Come Together: Guitar Tribute to the Beatles, Vol. 2 (with Jody Harris) (1995)
Richard Hell and the Voidoids
Blank Generation (1977)
Destiny Street (1982)
R.I.P.: The ROIR Sessions (1984)
Funhunt (Live at CBGB & Max's) (1990)
Oh (2000)
He is also featured in the 1980 film Blank Generation.
Richard Hell
Time (2002)
Lou Reed
The Blue Mask (1982)
Legendary Hearts (1983)
Live in Italy (1984)
Between Thought and Expression: The Lou Reed Anthology (1992)
Matthew Sweet
Earth (1989)
Girlfriend (1991)
Altered Beast (1993)
Son of Altered Beast (1994)
100% Fun (1995)
Lloyd Cole
Lloyd Cole (1990)
Don't Get Weird on Me Babe (1991)
Love Story (1995)
Etc. (2001)
Material
Temporary Music (1981)
Red Tracks (1982)
Secret Life (1998)
Best of Material (1999)
John Zorn
The Big Gundown (Elektra/Nonesuch, 1984)
Spillane (Elekra/Nonesuch, 1986)
Filmworks 1986-1990 (Toys Factory, 1992)
Filmworks III: 1990-1995 (Toys Factory, 1996)
Filmworks V: Tears of Ecstasy (Tzadik, 1996)
Filmworks IV: S&M + More (Tzadik, 1997)
Filmworks VII: Cynical Hysterie Hour (Tzadik, 1997)
Great Jewish Music: Burt Bacharach (Tzadik, 1997)
The Bribe (Tzadik, 1998)
Godard/Spillane (Tzadik, 1999)
Taboo & Exile (Tzadik, 1999)
Other artists
Let It Blurt – Lester Bangs (1977)
Queen of Siam – Lydia Lunch (1979)
Off White – James White & the Blacks (1979)
Get Crazy – film soundtrack (1983)
Rain Dogs – Tom Waits (1985)
Cupid & Psyche 85 – Scritti Politti (1985)
Dirtdish – Wiseblood (1986)
Strange Weather – Marianne Faithfull (1987)
Quilt – The Shams (1991)
Dim Stars – Dim Stars (1992)
Nerve Net – Brian Eno (1992)
To Hell With Love – Suzanne Rhatigan (1992)
Weird Nightmare: Meditations on Mingus – Hal Willner (1992)
Bedbugs – The Odds (1993)
I Don't Like Myself – Sion (1993)
John Henry – They Might Be Giants (1994)
El Abrazo Del Erizo Mikel Erentxun (1995)
Love is Wild... Life is Violent... – Katy Clements (1996)
Don't Tell Me – Eddie Skuller (1996)
Valdun—Voices of Rumantsch- Corin Curschellas (1997)
Painted Desert – Ikue Mori (with Marc Ribot) (1997)
Vibe of Life – Reiss (1998)
Cold Tube – Kazuyoshi Saito (2000)
Singles: Individually Wrapped – The Odds (2000)
Songs – Sion (2000)
Michael Maxwell – Michael Maxwell (2000)
dust! – Dusty Wright (2000)
Presents Beyond Cyberpunk – Wayne Kramer (2001)
Bait and Switch – Andre Williams (2001)
Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes – The Velvet Underground (2001)(Recorded by Quine, though he did not play on it himself.)
Lustro – Michael DuClos (2002)
Cross-Eyed and Bow-Legged – Tom Clark and the High Action Boys (2002)
The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly – Sonny Vincent (2003)
Nowhere Land – Kazuyoshi Saito (2003)
Lys Guillorn – Lys Guillorn (2003)
Notes
External links
Unofficial website
Billy Bob Hargus interview
i94bar interview
Fan page and list of obituaries family web site
Tribute to Quine in Perfect Sound Forever
1942 births
2004 suicides
Musicians from Akron, Ohio
Washington University School of Law alumni
Earlham College alumni
American punk rock guitarists
E.G. Records artists
Deaths by heroin overdose in New York (state)
Drug-related suicides in New York City
20th-century American guitarists
Guitarists from Ohio
Richard Hell and the Voidoids members
Deadline (band) members
Suicides in New York City
Drug-related deaths in New York City
2004 deaths
Dim Stars members
Jeppe Riddervold (born May 31, 1976) is a Danish songwriter, entrepreneur, and music publisher. He is the CEO of JAM Company.
Biography
Born in Farsø, Denmark, Jeppe Riddervold founded JAM Company, headquartered in Copenhagen in 2009 and is the CEO of the company. In 2014 Riddervold founded Jelly Animation Sound Studios, a sound facility specialising in creating music and sound design for the Animation TV and Film Industry. www.jellybyjam.com
As a result of his work as musical director on the hit TV series Ninjago, Riddervold was nominated in for Outstanding Achievement for Music in an Animated Television / Broadcast Production at the 2014 annual Annie Awards. He is a two time BMI Music Award winner as well as Nominated at the 2017 Daytime Emmy Awards.
In 2017, Riddervold's newest addition to the JAM Company, SoulJAM Publishing signed american singer and writer Maya B and Swedish writer producer, Olle Markensten.
Jeppe Riddervold was a songwriter with SonyATV/ EMI music publishing in Nashville, Tennessee for almost a decade, during which time he worked with artists, AnR and songwriters including Keith Urban, Lady Antebellum, John Paul White (The civil wars), Keifer and Shawna Thompson (Thompson Square), Rascal Flatts, Robin Lee Bruce, Cory Mayo, Jeff Spence, Arlis Albritton, and record labels Universal Music, EMI Music, Warner Music, EMI Nashville, SonyBMG and Chrysalis Nashville. He also worked with producers Trey Bruce, Larry Beaird, Chris Lord-Alge, Gary O', Edsel Dope, Lene Marlin, Neil Thomas, Hooverphonic, Theerd Bomhoff (singer of Voicst) and others.
In 2003, Jeppe Riddervold won the 'EMI Germany Songwriter of the Year 2003' for the song 'Survive', which was co-written with Bart Mendoza.
Discography
Selected releases (singer or band member):
'Kill me on a Friday' 2010, TV2/Digidi, The JAM band, band member.
'Good times' 2011, JAM records, The JAM band, band member.
'The boys, the beers, the party', 2011, The JAM band, backing vocals
'The weekend whip', The Fold, 2011, Lego Ninjago title song, backing vocals
Selected releases as contributing lead singer:
ATB 'Trilogy' 2007 on 'Some things just are the way they are' and 'these days'.
Selected releases as studio musician:
'Survive', Daniel Hall, US, Universal Music album System Overload. Guitar, backing vocals.
'Drive, Daniel Hall, US, Universal Music album System Overload. Guitar, backing vocals.
'On my own' 1995 EP, record label 'Starsound' (now BMG). Guitar, backing vocals.
'Kill me on a Friday' 2010, TV2/Digidi, The JAM band, band member. Guitar, keyboard, backing vocals, bass.
'Good times' 2011, JAM records, The JAM band, band member, backing vocals.
'The boys, the beers, the party', 2011, The JAM band. Backing vocals.
'The weekend whip', The Fold, 2011, Lego Ninjago title song. Backing vocals and bass.
Selected releases as a songwriter:
'Survive' The Shambles, US, 2004, written together with Bart Mendoza Winner of EMI Germany Songwriter of the year 2003
'Survive', Daniel Hall, US, Universal Music album System Overload.
'Drive, Daniel Hall, US, Universal Music album System Overload.
'Kill me on a Friday' 2010, TV2/Digidi, The JAM band.
'Good times' 2011, JAM Records, The JAM band.
'The boys, the beers, the party', 2011, The JAM band.
Julie 'Asasara' 2007 'Take me away' and 'When we fall in love again'.
Julie 'Lige nu' 2009 'Alt hvad et hjerte kan bære' og 'Du & jeg'.
Nikolaj & piloterne 'Mand', 'Tro, håb og kærlighed'.
The Fold, 'The weekend whip' (single) 2011.
References
External links
Jeppe Riddervold official website
JAM Company official website
Danish male singer-songwriters
Danish record producers
People from Vesthimmerland Municipality
1976 births
Living people
21st-century Danish male singers
The 2014–15 Australian Women's Twenty20 Cup was the sixth and last formal season of the Australian Women's Twenty20 Cup, which was the premier domestic women's Twenty20 cricket competition in Australia prior to the inception of the Women's Big Bash League in 2015. The tournament started on 10 October 2014 and finished on 28 January 2015. The defending champions were Queensland Fire, who finished third. New South Wales Breakers won the tournament for the second time after finishing first in the group stage and beating Victorian Spirit in the final.
Ladder
Fixtures
Final
Statistics
Highest totals
Most runs
Most wickets
References
External links
Series home at ESPNcricinfo
Australian Women's Twenty20 Cup seasons
Australian Women's Twenty20 Cup
KNNB (88.1 FM) is a public radio station in Whiteriver, Arizona. It primarily features local programming for the Apache Native American community, plus networked programming from National Public Radio and Native Voice One.
External links
KNNB reference
NPR member stations
NNB
Native American radio
Apache culture
Velestovo may refer to:
Velestovo, Montenegro
Velestovo, Ohrid, North Macedonia
Chairil Anwar Abdul Aziz (born 7 April 1972) is a Malaysian field hockey player. He competed in the 1996 and 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1972 births
Living people
Field hockey players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Field hockey players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
1998 Men's Hockey World Cup players
Malaysian male field hockey players
Olympic field hockey players of Malaysia
Asian Games medalists in field hockey
Field hockey players at the 2002 Asian Games
Asian Games bronze medalists for Malaysia
Medalists at the 2002 Asian Games
Field hockey players at the 1998 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games medallists in field hockey
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for Malaysia
Elmer Ellsworth Leonard (November 12, 1888 – May 27, 1981), nicknamed "Tiny", was an American Major League Baseball pitcher. He played for the Philadelphia Athletics during the season.
References
Major League Baseball pitchers
Philadelphia Athletics players
Baseball players from California
1888 births
1981 deaths
Oakland Oaks (baseball) players
Saint Mary's Gaels baseball players
Spokane Indians players
Walla Walla Bears players
Portland Colts players
Ballard Pippins players
Portland Beavers players
People from Napa, California
Kinnoull Football Club are a Scottish football club based in Perth. Formed in 1943, they play their home games at Tulloch Park and their team colours are red with a white trim. They currently play in the , having moved from the Junior leagues in 2018.
The club won the Tayside Premier Division in season 2005–06 and gained promotion to the East Super League for the 2006–07 season. However they only spent one season in the top tier before being relegated.
Kinnoull are one of four senior football clubs based in Perth, the others being professional side St Johnstone, East of Scotland Football League club Jeanfield Swifts and Letham of the Midlands League.
The team have been managed since May 2014 by Alan Cameron.
Notable former players
Paul Deas
Jim Weir
Honours
East Region Tayside Premier winners: 2005–06
East Region Central Division winners: 2012–13
Tayside Premier Division winners: 1982–83, 1983–84
Tayside Division One winners: 1980–81, 1988–89
Currie (Findlay & Co) Cup: 1928–29, 1969–70, 1984–85
Division One Rosebank Car Centre Cup: 2001–02
Division One (Downfield SC Cup) winners: 1988–89
Tayside Drybrough Cup: 1984–85
Tayside Regional Cup: 1984–85
Perthshire Junior Consolation Cup: 1965–66
Craig Stephen Cup: 1983–84
References
External links
Official website
Football clubs in Scotland
East of Scotland Football League teams
Scottish Junior Football Association clubs
Sport in Perth, Scotland
Football clubs in Perth and Kinross
Association football clubs established in 1943
1943 establishments in Scotland
Ángel Dario Colla Anacoreto (born 8 September 1973) is an Argentine former professional racing cyclist. He competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics and the 1996 Summer Olympics. In 2010 he was granted the Konex Award Merit Diploma as one of the five best cyclist of the last decade in Argentina.
Career highlights
2000
1st, Stage 2, Doble San Francisco-Miramar
2001
1st, Stage 7 & 9, Vuelta de Chile
2nd, Stage 10, Vuelta de Chile
2002
1st, Stage 2 & 5, Vuelta de Chile
1st, Overall, Clásica del Oeste-Doble Bragado
1st, Stage 3
2003
1st, Prologue, Vuelta a San Juan
1st, Stage 1, 4 & 5B, Clásica del Oeste-Doble Bragado
in Pan American Games, Track, Team Pursuit, Santo Domingo (DOM)
2004
National Champion, Road race
2nd, National Championship, Track, Scratch
1st, Stage 4 & 6, Clásica del Oeste-Doble Bragado
1st, Stage 7. Vuelta Ciclista del Uruguay
2005
Pan American Championships, Track, Scratch
1st, Overall, Doble San Francisco-Miramar
1st, Stage 1 & 2
2006
World Championship, Track, Scratch
1st, Los Angeles, World Cup Classic, Track, Madison
1st, Prologue, Stage 2 & 5, Giro del Sol
1st, Stage 1, 4 & 5, Clásica del Oeste-Doble Bragado
1st, Stage 2, Doble San Francisco-Miramar
2007
1st, Stage 3, Vuelta a San Juan
1st, Stage 1, Tour de San Luis
1st, Overall, Clásica del Oeste-Doble Bragado
1st, Stage 1, 2 & 6B
1st, Aniversario 3 de Febrero
2008
1st, Stage 3 & 4, Vuelta a San Juan
3rd, Overall, Clásica del Oeste-Doble Bragado
1st, Prologue, Stage 4 & 7
References
External links
1973 births
Living people
Argentine male cyclists
Argentine track cyclists
Cyclists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Cyclists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Cyclists at the 2003 Pan American Games
Olympic cyclists of Argentina
Place of birth missing (living people)
Pan American Games medalists in cycling
Pan American Games silver medalists for Argentina
South American Games silver medalists for Argentina
South American Games medalists in cycling
Competitors at the 2010 South American Games
Medalists at the 2003 Pan American Games
20th-century Argentine people
21st-century Argentine people
Anne Homer Doerflinger (November 15, 1907 – May 16, 1995) was an American writer who is best known for her short works of fiction. Under the name Anne Homer she published more than 100 short stories in magazines like Good Housekeeping, The Ladies Home Journal, Mademoiselle, and The Saturday Evening Post among others.
Biography
She was born on October 15, 1907, in New Jersey as Anne Homer.
A 1929 graduate of Smith College, she was the daughter of composer Sidney Homer and opera singer Louise Homer. She notably penned a biography on her mother: Louise Homer and the Golden Age of Opera (1974, William Morrow and Company).
Homer's sister was the author Joy Homer who died in 1946 at the age of 31 after a prolonged illness. Joy was married to editor William Main Doerflinger of E.P. Dutton and Macmillan Publishing, and the couple had one daughter together, Katherine. Anne took care of her sister and her family through the years illness, and following Joy's death, she became William's second wife. Anne and William had four children of their own together.
She lived in Convent Station, New Jersey. Homer died at the age of 87 of cancer at Morristown Memorial Hospital in Morristown, New Jersey.
References
1907 births
1995 deaths
American fiction writers
Smith College alumni
20th-century American women writers
Deaths from cancer in New Jersey
Writers from New Jersey
Rijan (, also Romanized as Rījān; also known as Reyḩān) is a village in Jushaq Rural District, in the Central District of Delijan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 161, in 50 families.
References
Populated places in Delijan County
The University of Abomey-Calavi () is the principal public university in the west African country of Benin. The university is located in the city of Abomey-Calavi in the south of the country.
The school is composed of 19 institutions and six campuses. The university has a number of undergraduate and postgraduate programmes offered at a range of locations across the area. It is a member school of the Association of African Universities and Agence universitaire de la Francophonie.
History
The university was founded in 1970 as the Université du Dahomey. In 1975 the name was changed to Université Nationale du Bénin. In 2001, the university took its current name. Enrollment at UAC was over 16,000 in 1999, including over 3,300 women.
Schools
The Université d'Abomey-Calavi is located in Abomey-Calavi. Constituent institutions of the UAC include:
Ecole Polytechnique d'Abomey-Calavi (EPAC)
Institut des Langues Arabes et de Cultures Islamique (ILACI)
Institut Universitaire de Technologie (IUT) & Ecole Normale Supérieure de l'Enseignement Technique (ENSET) de Lokossa
Institut Régional de Santé Publique (IRSP)
Ecole Normale Supérieure (ENS)
Ecole Nationale d'Economie Appliquée et de Management (ENEAM)
Ecole Nationale d'Administration et de Magistrature (ENAM)
Institut de Mathématiques et de Sciences Physiques (IMSP) (Formation Doctorale)
Institut National de la Jeunesse de l'Education Physique et du Sport (INJEPS)
Faculté des Sciences Agronomiques (FSA)
Faculté des Lettres, Arts et Sciences Humaines (FLASH)
Faculté des Sciences de la Santé (FSS)
Faculté des Sciences Economiques (FASEG)
Faculté de Droit et de Sciences Politiques (FADESP)
Faculté des Sciences et Techniques (FAST)
Notable alumni
Yézoumi Akogo - agricultural scientist.
References
External links
Université d'Abomey-Calavi (UAC) official site
Université d'Abomey-Calavi (UAC) information page
INHEA (International Network for Higher Education in Africa) Benin profile
University of Abomey-Calavi
National University of Benin
Forestry education
Educational institutions established in 1970
Ikertooq Fjord (old spelling: Ikertôq) is a long fjord in the Qeqqata municipality in western Greenland. The fjord empties into Davis Strait south of Sisimiut.
Geography
The upper part of the fjord, a confluence of three tributary inlets at approximately is called Suluppaavarsiorfik (old spelling: Sulugpâvarsiorfik). The tributary bays, from south to north, are: Avalleq, Akulleq (the innermost, main arm at approximately ), and Maligiaq. Itinneq, an outflow river from the large, latitudinal Tasersuaq lake, empties into the northern inlet.
The fjord initially flows westward, to then turn west-south-west between the mainland peninsula in the south, and Sarfannguit Island in the north, widening considerably at its mouth at approximately , where it empties into Davis Strait. The fjord is unusual in that it connects through a very narrow waterway to the head of the narrower Amerloq Fjord near the village of Sarfannguit.
The northern inlet at the fjord head is surrounded by tall mountains immediately to the south of the Pingu mountain group halfway between Davis Strait and the Greenland ice sheet (). The range flattens considerably towards the east in the area of Kangaamiut dike swarm north of Kangerlussuaq, due to pressure exerted by the icesheet for long periods in the past.
Settlement
The small Sarfannguit settlement occupies the eastern promontory on Sarfannguit Island, on the northern shore of the fjord, at the narrow waterway between the mainland and Sarfannguit Island. In the past, the coastal region was dotted with several small villages, all of which are now abandoned.
References
Davis Strait
Fjords of Greenland
Karel Svoboda (14 June 1824, Plánice - 13 September 1870, Vienna) was a Czech/Austrian painter, primarily of historical scenes, which are notable for their accurate detail. He worked in Prague and Vienna.
Biography
He was orphaned at an early age and went to live with his uncle Václav, who was a professor at the Gymnasium in Prague. Karel learned both philosophy and drawing under his tutelage. His talent attracted the attention of Count Franz von Thun, who helped him to enter the Academy of Fine Arts, where he studied under Christian Ruben.
His painting of the second Defenestration of Prague was widely admired and prompted the writer, Ljudevit Gaj, to invite him to Zagreb, where he lived for several months, painting local characters and scenes from Illyrian history. Later that year, he married the daughter of composer Alois Jelen and, in 1851, moved with her to Vienna. Despite relocating, he took an assignment to create historical murals at Queen Anne's Summer Palace (Le Belvédère) back in Prague.
Over the next few years, he executed several major commissions, including posters for the Five-hundredth Anniversary of Vienna in 1865. He also served as a drawing instructor at the Gymnasium in Schottenfeld (Neubau) and provided illustrations for several books of poetry, including the "Rukopis Královédvorský" (Königinhofer Handschrift), a Medieval song collection which became the source of much controversy, as it was believed to be a forgery by the Czech philologist Václav Hanka (an assertion which later proved to be true, although the arguments continue even now).
He exhibited widely and painted eleven frescoes at the Bishop's Palace in Czernowitz as well as ten panels on the story of "Iphigenia" for the Vienna State Opera. Many of works were reproduced as woodcuts or on copperplate. His wife died in 1869 and he died a year later, of a heart attack, at the "Florence Spa".
References
Further reading
František Xaver Harlas, et al., Otto's Encyclopaedia, Jan Otto, Prague (1906)
Ladislav Quis: Karel Svoboda – životopisná vzpomínka ze sborníku Vzpomínky na paměť třicetileté činnosti Umělecké besedy 1863—1893 (memoirs of meetings with artists)
External links
List of works at the National Library of the Czech Republic
1824 births
1870 deaths
Czech male painters
19th-century Czech painters
People from Plánice
19th-century Czech male artists
2024 Summer Olympics marketing has been a long running campaign that began since Paris won its bid to host the games in 2017.
Symbols
Emblem
The emblem for the 2024 Summer Olympics and Paralympics was unveiled on 21 October 2019 at the Grand Rex. Inspired by Art Deco, it is a representation of Marianne, the national personification of France, with a flame formed in negative space by its hair. The emblem also resembles a gold medal. Tony Estanguet explained that the emblem symbolised "the power and the magic of the Games", and the Games being "for people". The use of a female figure also serves as an homage to the 1900 Summer Olympics in Paris, which were the first to allow women to participate.
The emblem for Paris 2024 was considering as the biggest new logo release of 2019 by many design magazines. An Opinion Way survey shows that 83 per cent of French people say they like the new Paris 2024 Games emblem. Approval ratings were high, with 82 per cent finding it aesthetically appealing and 78 per cent creative.
It was, however, met with some mockery on social media, with some commenting that the logo "would be better suited to a dating site or a hair salon".
For the first time, the 2024 Summer Paralympics will share the same logo as their corresponding Olympics with no difference, reflecting a shared "ambition" between both events. The emblem was designed by the French agencies Ecobranding & Royalties.
Mascots (2022)
Corporate sponsorship
See also
2008 Summer Olympics marketing
2012 Summer Olympics marketing
2016 Summer Olympics marketing
2020 Summer Olympics marketing
References
Marketing
Olympic marketing
Rose Pink Cadillac is the fifth studio album by Angus Stone; third under the name Dope Lemon and was released on 7 January 2022.
Background and release
In September 2021, Stone announced the release of Rose Pink Cadillac, originally scheduled for release on 12 November 2021, proceeded by the single, "Every Day Is a Holiday", "Kids Fallin' in Love" and Rose Pink Cadillac". The album is split into two, with the first half representing the "daytime Dope Lemon experience", while the latter half takes a darker turn into "the nighttime world of the lemon".
Upon announcement of the album's release, Stone said, "This new Dope Lemon record Rose Pink Cadillac has been an epic frontier to have embarked on. The making of this creation took months of many tireless long nights... plus many bottles of delicious whiskey and treats. Each time the writing of a new album takes a new chapter out of my life and freezes it in time. The days and months poured into making this record disappear in the blink of an eye; it's a mix of hard work and pure joy."
Fan who preordered the album went into a draw to win a restored rose pink 1960 Cadillac Fleetwood.
In November 2021, the album was delayed until 7 January 2022. Stone said "I'd like to say this is my love album. For the times we were in, the struggles that people are going through at the moment, I think it's a better time than any to share love and this record is a thing of love."
Reception
Guy Oddy from The Arts Desk wrote "Spaced-out vocals and lo-fi production entwined with mellow, soulful grooves that are woozy and mellow predominate for much of Rose Pink Cadillac", adding "It's a perfect album for chilling out with the one you love and dreaming about hot summery days spent relaxing in the sunshine".
Track listing
Charts
References
2022 albums
Angus Stone albums
Lajpat Hindi High School is a school located at Kidderpore, Kolkata, India. This is a Hindi-medium boys' school and is affiliated to the West Bengal Board of Secondary Education for Madhyamik Pariksha (10th Board exams), and to the West Bengal Council of Higher Secondary Education for Higher Secondary Examination (12th Board exams). The school was established in 1951.
See also
Education in India
List of schools in India
Education in West Bengal
References
External links
Boys' schools in India
High schools and secondary schools in Kolkata
Educational institutions established in 1951
1951 establishments in West Bengal
Olga Markova may refer to:
Olga Markova (runner) (born 1968), Russian former long-distance runner
Olga Markova (figure skater) (born 1974), Russian retired figure skater
This is a list of the largest reservoirs in the United States, including all artificial lakes with a capacity greater than or equal to . Figures given are for maximum storage capacity (flood pool) of reservoirs, not regular storage volume (conservation pool). This difference is significant in reservoirs such as Kentucky Lake, whose full capacity is nearly three times that of its conservation pool.
Due to sedimentation and other factors that affect a reservoir's storage capacity over time, some data listed might not accurately reflect actual current conditions in certain reservoirs. For example, Lake Mead – the largest reservoir in the U.S. – could store more than 32.4 million acre-feet (40.1 km3) when first filled, but sediment accumulation has reduced this to 28.9 million acre-feet (35.7 km3).
List
Location map
See also
List of reservoirs by volume
Notes
References
Michael Whittaker (April 1918 - 1995) was a British costume designer and actor.
He was nominated at the 23rd Academy Awards for his work on the film The Black Rose. This was in the category of Best Costumes-Color.
Filmography
As actor
The Avengers (1942)
Flying Fortress (1942)
In Which We Serve (1942)
Read All About It (1945) (short film)
As costume designer
The Black Rose (1950)
The Naked Heart (1950)
Flesh & Blood (1951)
Lilli Marlene (1951)
The Story of Robin Hood and His Merrie Men (1952)
The Men of Sherwood Forest (1954)
He also worked on the British TV show The Avengers.
References
External links
British costume designers
1918 births
Year of death missing
Daniel Wagon (born 30 April 1976) is an Australian professional rugby league coach who is the head coach of the Limoux Grizzlies in the Elite One Championship. He is a former professional rugby league footballer who played for the Aston DSC Bulls in the AMNRL. He primarily played in the back row. He previously played for the St. George Dragons and Parramatta Eels in the National Rugby League where he started his career out in the centres before moving to the back row.
Background
Born in Brisbane, Queensland, Wagon played his junior rugby league for the Springwood Tigers and attended Runcorn State High School.
Playing career
NRL
After graduating from high school, Wagon moved to Yamba, New South Wales and played for the Lower Clarence Magpies. Alongside Daniel Brown, younger brother of then-St George Dragons Nathan Brown, Wagon travelled to Sydney, where he trialled for the Manly Sea Eagles and Dragons, eventually signing with St George. He spent two seasons with the club from 1997 to 1998 before joining the Parramatta Eels.
He was part of the Parramatta sides which suffered preliminary final heartbreak in 1999 and 2000. Wagon was selected to represent Queensland as for all three games of the 2001 State of Origin series. At the end of the season he played for the Parramatta Eels at lock forward in their 2001 NRL grand final loss to the Newcastle Knights.
In 2005, Wagon made 15 appearances for Parramatta as the club won the minor premiership and made it all the way to the preliminary final before suffering a shock 29-0 defeat by North Queensland. Wagon subsequently played for Parramatta in their unsuccessful finals campaigns in 2006 and 2007. Wagon played one further year for Parramatta in 2008, making 17 appearances. In total, Wagon suffered 4 preliminary final defeats and a grand final loss at the club in a period where the Parramatta Eels fell short of a long awaited premiership.
France
He joined French rugby leagues Elite One Championship for the 2009 season where he played for the Limoux Grizzlies. He finished playing in France at the beginning of April.
Return to Australia
He returned to Australia in 2009 with the Gundagai Tigers in the Group 9 rugby league competition before moving to the States.
United States
Wagon was one of the international players invited to the launch of the proposed NRLUS competition in the United States in July 2010. He also joined the Aston Bulls of the semi-professional American National Rugby League (AMNRL), making him the highest profile player in the AMNRL. He arrived in May 2010 and began training with the club in preparation for their first match for the Philadelphia Fight.
Career highlights
First Grade Debut: for St. George against Illawarra, on 22 March 1997 (Round 3)
Origin Selection: for Queensland Origin, 2001
Test Selection: for the Kangaroo Tour of England in 2001, though he did not play a game on the three test tour.
2001 minor premiership winner : With Parramatta
2005 minor premiership winner : With Parramatta
Footnotes
References
External links
Parramatta Eels player profile
2001 Ashes profile
1976 births
Living people
Aston Bulls players
Australian expatriate rugby league players
Australian expatriate sportspeople in France
Australian expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Australian rugby league coaches
Australian rugby league players
Expatriate rugby league players in France
Expatriate rugby league players in the United States
Indigenous Australian rugby league players
Limoux Grizzlies coaches
Limoux Grizzlies players
Parramatta Eels players
Queensland Rugby League State of Origin players
Rugby league centres
Rugby league five-eighths
Rugby league locks
Rugby league players from Brisbane
Rugby league second-rows
St. George Dragons players
The rivière aux Rats (English: Rats River) is a tributary of the Gulf of Saint Lawrence, flowing in the municipality of L'Île-d'Anticosti, in the Minganie Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of Côte-Nord, in province of Quebec, in Canada.
A forest road (north–south direction) serves the area between the Rats river and the Chicotte river. This road connects the Grand-Lac-Salé Ecological Reserve to the south, and the main road passing through the center-north of the island.
Forestry is the main economic activity in this area; recreational tourism activities, in particular hunting and fishing.
Geography
The Rats River has its source at the confluence of two mountain streams (altitude: ), located in the south-central part of the island. This source is located in a forest area at:
to the southwest of the course of the Chicotte River;
east of the town center of the village of Port-Menier;
south of the north shore of Anticosti Island;
northeast of the south shore of Anticosti Island.
From its source, the Rats River flows on with a drop of , according to the following segments:
to the south, curving to the west, collecting two streams (coming from the northeast) and one stream (coming from the northwest), to the discharge (coming from the east) of a lake;
first south collecting a stream (coming from the northwest), curving to the southeast, then collecting a stream (coming from the north), until a bend in the river, corresponding to a stream (coming from the north);
towards the southwest, passing under the forest road bridge that runs along the southern coast of Anticosti Island, and forming a small hook to the north, until its mouth.
The Rats River flows on the east side of Gand lac Salé, Petit lac Salé, Baie des Sables and the Côte de la Grande Traversée, on the south shore of Anticosti Island, in the gulf of Saint Lawrence. This confluence is located at:
west of Pointe des Morts;
west of the mouth of the Chicotte River;
east of the mouth of the Galiote River;
east of the center of the village of Port-Menier.
Toponymy
This toponymic designation appeared in 1955 on a map of the Consolidated Bathurst company.
The toponym "rivière aux Rats" was made official on September 12, 1974, at the Place Names Bank of the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
Lac-Salé Ecological Reserve
In 1991, the Quebec government established the "Lac-Salé Ecological Reserve" covering approximately 7000 hectares. Briefly, this reserve was delimited by the middle of the rivière du Brick from its confluence with the Honguedo Strait, going up the river to latitude 5,468,000 m N; thence, easterly, to the center of the Chicotte River; then south following the center of the latter river, until its confluence with the Honguedo Strait.
See also
List of rivers of Quebec
References
Rivers of Côte-Nord
Anticosti Island
Minganie Regional County Municipality
is a Shinto shrine in Kunitachi, Tokyo, Japan.
History
Located next to the Kōshū Kaidō highway, Yabo Tenman-gū claims to be the oldest Shinto shrine in the Kantō region dedicated to Tenjin, the deified Sugawara no Michizane, having been built in 903 AD by Michizane's third son.
See also
Kameido Tenjin
Yushima Tenman-gū
External links
Yabo Tenman-gū
903 establishments
Shinto shrines in Tokyo
Kunitachi, Tokyo
10th-century establishments in Japan
Sugawara no Michizane
Tenjin faith
Gongnong () may refer to these places in China:
Gongnong District, a district of Hegang, Heilongjiang
Gongnong, Guangyuan, a town in Guangyuan, Sichuan
Townships
Gongnong Township, Heilongjiang, in Tieli, Heilongjiang
Gongnong Township, Jilin, in Liaoyuan, Jilin
Subdistricts
Gongnong Subdistrict, Zhanjiang, in Xiashan District, Zhanjiang, Guangdong
Gongnong Subdistrict, Harbin, in Daoli District, Harbin, Heilongjiang
Gongnong Subdistrict, Luoyang, in Jianxi District, Luoyang, Henan
Gongnong Subdistrict, Songyuan, in Ningjiang District, Songyuan, Jilin
Gongnong Subdistrict, Fushun, in Wanghua District, Fushun, Liaoning
Gongnong Subdistrict, Liaoyang, in Hongwei District, Liaoyang, Liaoning
Gongnong Subdistrict, Deyang, in Jingyang District, Deyang, Sichuan
The men's 800 metres event at the 1998 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 27 February–1 March.
Medalists
Results
Heats
First 2 from each heat (Q) and the next 4 fastest (q) qualified for the semifinals.
Semifinals
First 3 from each semifinal qualified directly (Q) for the final.
Final
References
800 metres at the European Athletics Indoor Championships
800
The 1998 United States Senate election in Maryland was held November 3, 1998. Incumbent Democratic U.S. Senator Barbara Mikulski won re-election to a third term.
Democratic primary
Candidates
Barbara Mikulski, incumbent U.S. Senator
Ann L. Mallory
Kauko H. Kokkonen
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Ross Pierpont, retired surgeon
John Taylor
Michael Gloth
Kenneth Wayman
Bradlyn McClanahan
Howard David Greyber
John Stafford, Veteran
George Liebmann
Barry Steve Asbury
Scott Thomas
Results
General election
Candidates
Barbara Mikulski (D), incumbent U.S. Senator
Ross Pierpont (R), perennial candidate
Results
See also
1998 United States Senate elections
References
United States Senate
Maryland
1998
The R521 road is a regional road in Ireland, located in County Limerick.
References
Regional roads in the Republic of Ireland
Roads in County Limerick
Angelo Stiller (born 4 April 2001) is a German professional footballer who plays for Bundesliga club 1899 Hoffenheim.
Career
Bayern Munich
Stiller made his professional debut for Bayern's reserve team making 17 appearances during the 2019–20 season. In October 2020, Stiller made his debut for Bayern Munich in a 3–0 win over 1. FC Düren in the 2020–21 DFB-Pokal, as he came on as a substitute to Niklas Süle in the second half. On 1 December 2020, he made his Champions League debut in a 1–1 away draw against Atlético Madrid.
1899 Hoffenheim
On 18 January 2021, it was announced that he would join 1899 Hoffenheim for the 2021–22 season.
Career statistics
Honours
Club
Bayern Munich II
3. Liga: 2019–20
References
Living people
2001 births
Association football midfielders
German footballers
FC Bayern Munich footballers
FC Bayern Munich II players
TSG 1899 Hoffenheim players
Bundesliga players
3. Liga players
Germany under-21 international footballers
Footballers from Munich
Rimba Racer is a Malaysian computer-animated streaming television series created by Glue Studios. The show features a young racer named Tag, striving to become a leading champion in the Rimba Grand Prix. Rimba Racer is Malaysia's first anthropomorphic themed cartoon. Its first episode premiered on 25 December 2014 on Nickelodeon India before its airing in its home country on TV3. This animation is currently airing on TV9.
The show is noted as one of the success stories of local Malaysian animation startups.
Plot
Located in a world of anthropomorphic animals, Rimba Racer takes place at the Rimba Grand Prix, a major competition among drivers in high-tech vehicles. Tag is a talented young newcomer to the competition, full of ambition. However, as Tag delves deeper into the world of the Rimba Grand Prix, it becomes clear that it's not what he imagined. Some determined competitors are cheating, and a "hidden power" is the true power behind the Grand Prix curtain. It's up to Tag and his teammates to challenge the evil team, to save the sport they love from the conspiracy and corruption.
Characters
Tag
Voiced by: Azman Zulkiply (Bahasa Malaysia) & Steven Tan (English)
A Malayan tiger who is the protagonist of this story who has a natural talent in racing. He drives 'The Ripper' car, a type of Formula-1 colored orange.
Miles
Voiced by: Megat Zahrin (Bahasa Malaysia) & Iain McNally (English)
An owl who is a partner and assistant for Tag. Miles also works as a mechanic or designer for Tag's racing cars. He is always worried about something involving Tag's father; he's also threatened by King on this issue.
Axle
Voiced by: Azman Zulkiply (Bahasa Malaysia) & Steven Tan (English)
An eagle, often referred to as "The Ace" for his undisputed racing skills. He is a veteran and defending RGP champion.
Sonny
Voiced by: Fuad Md. Din (Bahasa Malaysia) & Choong Chi-Ren (English)
A bear whoare a cheerful rider. He is often associated with Meika. He assists Tag on his mission to win the RGP title.
Tamira
Voiced by: Aina Nadzir (Bahasa Malaysia) & Sherilyn Pang Li Ching (English)
A black panther who is Tag's girlfriend. Tamira has a cold, no-nonsense personality and often likes to be alone. At first, she is on King's side, but towards the end of the first season, she joins Tag and his friends on their mission.
Wrecks
Voiced by: Megat Zahrin (Bahasa Malaysia) & Kevin Adrian Barnaby (English)
A rhinoceros, mainly featured on the evil side along with Axle, Tamira, Krom, and King. He is often shown to be good at heart even under the command of Krom.
Krom
Voiced by: Shafiq Isa (Bahasa Malaysia) & Azman Zukiply (English)
A crocodile, Krom is always in favor of King and his evil deeds. He often clashes with Tag and tries to defeat him. He is a very hard and strong character.
Meika
Voiced by: Ida Rahayu (Bahasa Malaysia) & Assila Liyana Ahmad Badri (English)
A fox who always helps Tag and her teammates when they're in trouble. However, Meika is also a very competitive and high-caliber racer. At the end of the first season, she is revealed to be employed by King's superiors.
Meelo
Voiced by: Usamah Zaid (Bahasa Malaysia) & Tikriti Shabudin (English)
A chameleon who is always up to date with technology and often presents Tag with interesting ideas. He is often a troublemaker and is busy juggling things that Miles is fixing.
Cuckoo
Voiced by: Shafiq Isa (Bahasa Malaysia) & Azman Zulkiply (English)
A chicken, he's a coward who is often surprised when interviewed by journalists or fans. Even with such characters, Cuckoo is very fast in his movement on the circuit. Cuckoo, like Tag, is a newcomer RGP racer.
Ooaa
Voiced by: Iain McNally (Bahasa Malaysia) & Azman Zulkiply (English - not credited)
A monkey who's a hothead that likes to make noises at present and when leaving. However, Ooaa is a talented racer who is difficult to predict by any racer on the circuit.
Mr. King
Voiced by: Azuan Shamsir (Bahasa Malaysia) & Kevin Adrian Barnaby (English)
A hippopotamus who seems to possess unlimited wealth. Mr. King is a major and refined grantee of the Rimba Grand Prix. His great charisma, generosity and voice make him popular among the general public, and he is well known for his welcoming attitude towards newcomers in the sport of racing. King is one of the main antagonists after Axle.
Ms. Dira
Voiced by: Sarah Nadhirah (Bahasa Malaysia) & Chan Su Ling (English)
A dog who is a vibrant, energetic young journalist. Ms. Dira has built a reputation for being a reporter-on-the-scene for the Rimba Grand Prix. With her friendly demeanor, strong reporting style, keen interviewing skills and "anything else" attitude, she is a star on the Rimba News Network.
Ms. Torres
Voiced by: Salina Salmee (Bahasa Malaysia) & Nadia Mahmud (English)
A rabbit who works as Mr. King's personal assistant and is responsible for coordinating all of his business dealings. Quiet, efficient and very dedicated to her job, she does all of his work without a question.
Pike
Voiced by: Khairul Azmi Bin Abd Rahman (Bahasa Malaysia) & Fadhil Luqman (English)
A wolf who is very clever, and has bad intentions for Tag and his friends. He also specializes in mysterious alliances with people like Mr. King, Axle, and Krom. Pike appeared in the second season.
Vyxx
Voiced by: Nur Aleesya Wong Lee Yien (Bahasa Malaysia) & Yvonne Chong Shin Vun (English)
A hyena who teamed up with Pike and Xeno. Vyxx is very strong, coarse, and worse than Pike. She enjoys playing against her opponent (especially Tamira) during the race. Vyxx appeared in the second season.
Xeno
Voiced by: N/A
A toad who, like Vyxx, is a teammate of Pike. Xeno is a veteran of the trio. He is similar to the technologist Meelo, but with hidden malice. Xeno speaks in a strange and difficult language. Xeno appeared in the second season.
Reception
Rimba Racer was first exported to Nickelodeon India on 25 December 2014. It received an award for best animation series at the 2015 Malaysian Film Festival. The first season of the series aired on Disney XD and Daily Motion on 27 September 2017. Season 2 premiered on YouTube before it aired on TV9 in Malaysia by 4 January 2019. So far, all 13 episodes of the first season have aired on Netflix. Rimba Racer has been positively received on IMDb with the rating at 8.3.The first season was aired in India on Nickelodeon Sonic and Nick HD+ in the year 2017.
In other media
On 1 October 2016, Rimba Racer Rush: Endless Race mobile game was released by Spacepup Entertainment in collaboration with Glue Studios. The game currently has 100,000+ downloads on the Google Play Store.
References
External links
Official website version 2
Rimba Racer on Facebook
Rimba Racer on YouTube
Rimba Racer on Daily Motion
Rimba Racer on Netflix
2010s animated television series
Malaysian children's animated adventure television series
Malaysian children's animated comedy television series
Computer-animated television series
Animated television series about auto racing
Animated television series about foxes
Carla Gravina (born 5 August 1941) is an Italian actress and politician. She received a Cannes Film Festival Award for Best Actress for her role in La terrazza (1980). Her other notable roles were in Love and Chatter (1957), Esterina (1959), and The Long Silence (1993). Gravina used to be a member of the Chamber of Deputies.
Life and career
Born in Gemona, Gravina made her film debut at fifteen years old, in Alberto Lattuada's Guendalina. Very active in films and on television series, both in comedic and dramatic roles, from the late 1970s she gradually focused her activities on stage and in political activism, being a PCI deputy between 1980 and 1983.
During her career Gravina won a number of international awards, including the Best Actress Award for her performance in Alessandro Blasetti's Love and Chatter at the 1958 Locarno International Film Festival, the award for Best Supporting Actress for her role in Ettore Scola's La terrazza at the 1980 Cannes Film Festival, and the award for Best Actress for Margarethe von Trotta's The Long Silence at the 1993 Montreal World Film Festival.
Selected filmography
Love and Chatter (1957)
Big Deal on Madonna Street (1958)
First Love (1959)
Policarpo (1959)
Esterina (1959)
Everybody Go Home (1960)
Five Branded Women (1960)
A Day for Lionhearts (1961)
A Bullet for the General (1966)
Bandits in Milan (1968)
The Seven Cervi Brothers (1968)
Cuore di mamma (1969)
The Lady of Monza (1969)
The Invisible Woman (1969)
Il segno del comando (1971)
Without Apparent Motive (1971)
Il caso Pisciotta (1972)
Alfredo, Alfredo (1972)
Tony Arzenta (1973)
The Inheritor (1973)
The Antichrist (1974)
And Now My Love (1974)
Boomerang (1976)
La terrazza (1980)
Days of Inspector Ambrosio (1988)
The Long Silence (1993)
References
External links
1941 births
Living people
Cannes Film Festival Award for Best Actress winners
People from Gemona del Friuli
Italian Communist Party politicians
Deputies of Legislature VIII of Italy
Politicians of Friuli-Venezia Giulia
Italian film actresses
20th-century Italian actresses
Italian television actresses
Italian stage actresses
Wild Arms 3, known in Japan as , is a role-playing video game developed by Media.Vision for the PlayStation 2. It is a sequel to Wild Arms and Wild Arms 2. Sony Computer Entertainment released it in Japan and North America in 2002 and Ubi Soft published it in Europe in 2003. In May 2016 the game was released for PlayStation 4 through PlayStation Network.
The story follows Virginia Maxwell, an amateur Drifter (adventurer) looking for adventure on Filgaia, a desert planet with wild west motifs. After foiling an attempted train robbery of a valuable treasure, Virginia joins forces with three other Drifters as they travel the world and unravel a mysterious plot involving the ancient history of the planet.
Gameplay
Wild Arms 3 is the first game in the Wild Arms series in which all party members are able to use ARMs (magical firearms). It also replaces equippable armor and weapons with Personal Skills via Guardian (Mediums) invocation.
The battle graphics use the same background effects as the previous two games in series, but this time the camera can turn 360 degrees around the battle room and the characters can run while battling. As in the past two games, combat utilizes a turn-based system, but this can be modified on a battle-by-battle basis.
Unlike traditional RPGs, locations on the world map are not immediately visible. In order to discover new towns and dungeons, the player must ask for information or learn of them during the plot and then manually search for them using a GPS-like system. The world map, which the player must buy, assists the players in finding new locations.
Plot
The game takes place on a version of the planet Filgaia from the Wild Arms series, a place that is desolate to the point of even its seas consisting of sand, supposedly the result of an ancient war. Four Drifters find themselves chosen to wield the power of the planet's spiritual protectors, the Guardians, to stop a prophesied but unknown menace to their world. As they adventure together, they are opposed by other Drifter teams, a trio of fanatical scientists called the Prophets, and the Demons of Filgaian legend. The four adventurers eventually make startling discoveries about their world's true history, and their personal connections to it.
Characters
Playable characters
Virginia Maxwell is an 18-year-old Drifter who is searching for her long-lost father, whom she believes to still be alive. It is her life's wish to know and live the Drifter life, as her father did. Her ARMS are two revolvers given to her by her father.
Jet Enduro is a cold-blooded boy who suffers from amnesia and who lets nothing get in his way. It is learned at Leyline Observatory that Jet's original name was "Adam Kadmon" (which refers to "Primal Man" in Kabbalah), as stated by Werner Maxwell. His ARM is a machine gun; and unknown to Jet, it was designed to be usable only by him. He has a connection to Virginia's father.
Clive Winslett is a 30-year-old, cool-headed bounty-hunter with a soft spot for his family, consisting of his wife, Katherine, and their young daughter, Kaitlyn. Clive is tormented by an event in his past in which his mentor, Professor Berlitz, was killed during an excursion to delve into the mystery of Filgaia's past. Berlitz sacrificed himself to save Clive, to whom his daughter Katherine was engaged. Clive's ARM is a sniper rifle, which was one of many inventions of his mentor.
Gallows Carradine is a 24-year-old native of the Baskar tribe seemingly intent on escaping his hometown and his priestly bloodline, by working as a low-rent Drifter bandit. His grandmother, Halle, gives the party hints and direction throughout the game, while disparaging her "useless" grandson. Gallows' younger brother Shane is a dream-seer for the tribe, and his predictions are known to always come true. His latest vision was of a "Blue Menace" who would seek to destroy Filgaia, and was eventually revealed to be Siegfried. His ARM is a sawed-off shotgun and the only of the four main characters' weapons that is never discussed in the plot.
Janus' Gang
Two teams of Drifters oppose the heroes: one is formed by Janus Cascade, a ruthless but charismatic bandit, and his lackeys, Romero and Dario; Janus later reveals himself to have been working for the Prophets. He is the villain for the first and second parts of the game. The Prophets inject him with Gias, which allows them to keep tabs on him, and punish him for failure via an electric shock. Janus ultimately attempts a not-too-subtle betrayal of the prophets, but it is revealed Janus was intended to be sacrificed by Siegfried, to allow the demon to have a corporeal form.
Schrödinger Family
The other Drifter team is composed of Maya Schrödinger, her brother Alfred, their stylish afro-ed bodyguard, Todd Dukakis, and a mysterious cat named Shady. Maya feels a rivalry with Virginia, and both helps and hinders Virginia at times. Maya has a unique ability among Filgaians to absorb information from books and to use it to improve battle techniques, hence her Calamity Jane persona. She also appears as a witch and martial artist as well. Alfred is an explosives expert who always uses his trademark bombs. Todd eschews firepower in favor of a sword, the Black Fenrir, used by Jack Van Burace of the original Wild Arms, as well as a few of Jack's techniques. Todd mentions having learned "Flash Draw", or iaido, techniques from Maya and Alfred's father, whom Todd repays by protecting his children after he dies. Shady was apparently summoned by a Schrödinger of a previous generation, and subsequently locked in a box for some reason. Maya found it in her family's estate and released him, earning his loyalty. It is never explained what exactly Shady is, besides "Cat", in the game, but it is a likely reference to Schrödinger's cat.
Prophets
The Prophets are a trio of scientists: Leehalt Alcaste, Melody Vilente, and Malik Bendict, who are obsessed with restoring Filgaia's decaying environment, but they do not care who suffers as a result. Each also has a personal agenda: Leehalt wants to rule, Melody wants to retain her beauty, and Malik wants to resurrect his dead mother. Following the advent of Siegfried, the trio gain more demonic forms. They are villains for the second and third parts of the game, and each demonstrates the ability to summon monsters at will, often resulting in a boss-battle for the heroes.
A golem named Asgard is made by the prophets. He eventually gains feelings and personality, due to being programmed to absorb data from every battle. His name is a reference to the "Earth Golem" of the first Wild Arms, as its name was Asgard in the Japanese version, and the PS2 remake, Alter Code: F.
Lombardia
The mythical dragon Lombardia allies herself with the party after they decide to look into acquiring aerial transportation. She joins them under the condition that she will be able to fight once again, and quench her thirst for battle. Lombardia's transformation into a jet-like form has likened her to that of the Transformers robots.
Demons
The Metal Demon Zeikfried from the first Wild Arms game returns, though his name is respelt Siegfried. He is the villain for the third part of the game, after he is revived by the Prophets at the Yggdrasil facility. He is also referred to as the "Blue Menace" of Shane's dreams. He acquires the three shields collected by Janus earlier, "Andro", "Crio", and "Hieraco", and applies their power to the prophets, making himself three new demon followers, akin to Alhazad, Harken, and Belselk of the first game.
A Dream Demon named Beatrice appears near the end of the game, and is the villain for the final part of the game. Contrary to the way she apparently shows up out of nowhere, she can be encountered as a random NPC in some of the game's towns, but can't be addressed, as she will be gone if the party reaches where she is. Beatrice ultimately reveals herself to be playing the role of the great manipulator, as every major event in the game can somehow be attributed to her. She is responsible for Shane's "dream sight", as well as for guiding Lamium, the chairman of the members at the Ark of Destiny. She had used members of the Council of Seven to attempt to sabotage the Yggdrasil, and create her Filgaia, ten years prior, which led to the defoliation of the planet, after which she removed everyone's memory of the event. Her ultimate goal is to build a "new Filgaia", and propagate a new lineage of demons there. Strangely, after she is defeated at the end of the game, her voice is still heard, hinting that she may not be through with Filgaia after all.
While never alluded to outside of a few books in the game, and never affecting the plot, Wild Arms series' staple optional boss, Ragu O Ragla, appears once again as the ultimate boss of the Abyss optional dungeon. He is described as the King of the Monsters and as so terrible that he was sealed in the depths of the Abyss, so he would never return to savage Filgaia. He is fought in two battles in this game, once at floor 100 of The Abyss, and once again, stronger, when he blocks the parties' exit from the area back on the first floor.
Council of Seven
The game continually makes references to a group called the Council of Seven, a team of scientists who, ten years prior to the start of the game, were conducting experiments to restore the pulse of life to Filgaia in a facility known as the Yggdrasil. The experiment went awry and did the exact opposite, sucking most of the remaining life from the planet, leaving most of it an expansive desert. Notable members of this group are each of the Three Prophets, as well as Virginia's father, Werner Maxwell. Rounding out the group are Jet's adoptive father/creator, Elliot Enduro, as well as Pete Inkapilia, and Duran Bryant, about whom little is revealed, but their notes detail that they were repeatedly visited by Beatrice in dreams. Virginia's mother, Ekatrina, was also working with the Council at some point in the past.
Development and release
The game's introduction and event animations were produced by Bee Train Production Inc. with P.A. Works, directed by Koichi Mashimo with Kazuya Tsurumaki.
The game was re-released for the PlayStation 4 via PSN on May 17, 2016, which includes improved resolutions and trophies.
Reception
Wild Arms 3 received "generally favorable reviews" according to the review aggregation website Metacritic. Critics praised the cel-shaded graphics along with the deep story and characters, while criticizing the frequent battles and world map searching system. In Japan, Famitsu gave it a score of 32 out of 40.
References
External links
Wild Arms 3 at PlayStation.com
2002 video games
PlayStation 2 games
PlayStation 4 games
PlayStation Network games
Single-player video games
Sony Interactive Entertainment games
Ubisoft games
Video games developed in Japan
Video games featuring female protagonists
Video games scored by Michiko Naruke
Video games set on fictional planets
Video games with cel-shaded animation
Western (genre) video games
Wild Arms video games
Rahimabad (, also Romanized as Raḩīmābād) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 173, in 47 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Milliken-Smith Farm is a historic home and farm complex located at Montgomery in Orange County, New York. Contributing buildings include the Milliken-Smith house (built in 1770 and expanded about 1870), a large timber-frame barn dated to the 18th century, a light frame chicken house (c. 1900), and a banded wood storage silo. The earliest portion of the house is a -story timber-frame building. It was expanded during the 1870s with a 2-story light frame addition. A non-historic addition was completed in 1962.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Houses completed in 1770
Houses in Orange County, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Orange County, New York
1770 establishments in the Province of New York
In the mythology of Mangaia, Tau-Titi is a son of Miru.
A nocturnal dance dedicated to and named after him was practised, occasionally with the Tapairu, Tau-Titi's sisters. As soon as the dawn arrives, the Tapairu returned to their home in Avaiki.
References
R.D. Craig, Dictionary of Polynesian Mythology (Greenwood Press: New York, 1989), 33–34;
W.W. Gill, Myths and Songs of the South Pacific (H.S. King: London, 1876), 256–7.
Mangaia mythology
Katla may refer to:
Katla (volcano), in Iceland
Katla people, in Sudan
Katla languages, a language family of Sudan
Katla language, a language of Sudan
Katla basketball team, a basketball club in Iceland
Katla (dragon), a fictional character from the Swedish children's book The Brothers Lionheart by Astrid Lindgren
Katla (album), by Ida Maria
Katla (TV series), a 2021 Icelandic drama television series
People with the name
Katla (musician), Finnish singer
Katla M. Þorgeirsdóttir (born 1970), Icelandic actress, voice actress and writer
See also
Katla Geopark, in Iceland
Language and nationality disambiguation pages
Trisanchi () is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative centre of Trisanchinsky Selsoviet, Dakhadayevsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 1,516 as of 2010. There are 4 streets.
Geography
Trisanchi is located 12 km southeast of Urkarakh (the district's administrative centre) by road. Zubanchi and Kudagu are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Dakhadayevsky District
The Lion's Head is a statue along Kennon Road, a major highway in Luzon, Philippines. Located in Camp 6 near the Baguio–Tuba boundary, the Lion's Head measures in height.
Conception
It was conceptualized by the Lions Club members of Baguio, during the term of Luis Lardizabal as mayor of Baguio from 1969 to 1970 and as the club's president, to become the club's symbol or imprint in the area. Prior to the artistic sculpting, the limestone was prepared by a group of engineers and miners, then the "actual artistic carving of the façade" made by the late sculptor Anselmo B. Day-ag. The construction project began in 1968 but was interrupted. The project was continued in 1971 by another Lions Club president, Robert Webber, and was unveiled in 1972.
Forerunners
The forerunner of the man-made Lion's Head was a "large rock" described to be "naturally shaped like a lion", which prior to 1972 was the landmark that tourists observe along Kennon Road towards Baguio City. However, according to the article Lion's Head in Baguio City - Philippines, the current Lion's Head landmark was also a limestone naturally shaped like a "male lion, with a mane".
Restoration
The statue has undergone several coloration changes before restoring it to acquiring its traditional gold and black color. It was at some points in time painted white and brown, or yellow. It had also undergone restoration after being damaged by vandalism and by an earthquake in northern Luzon in 1990.
See also
Bust of Ferdinand Marcos
Eagle of the North
References
Landmarks in the Philippines
Buildings and structures in Baguio
Sculptures of lions
Lions Clubs International
Tourist attractions in Baguio
Vandalized works of art
Outdoor sculptures in the Philippines
The term il Fiammenghino translates it the Flemish man, referring to someone from the medieval region of Flanders.
Among those with this nickname were:
Giovanni Mauro della Rovere, painter
Angelo Everardi, painter
We (stylized as WE) is a Norwegian rock band from Oslo founded in 1992.
Biography
We debuted as house band for the NRK comic series "The Show" (with Otto Jespersen, Charlo Halvorsen and Stig Holmer) autumn 1992. After a few gigs in the Oslo region, including bands like Turboneger, the band's original bassist Paal V. Bakke was replaced by Geir Anders "Goshi" Jensen in 1993. Other band members are Thomas Felberg on vocals, Andreas "Don" Dons Kirkvaag on guitar and Kristian "Krisvaag" Dons Kirkvaag on drums, both sons of comedian Trond Kirkvaag (1946-2007).
In 1994 the debut album In a Field of Moose was released on their own label Nun Music. Two years later We signed a record deal with the Metal Company Voices of Wonder and released the album Violently Coloured Sneakers (1996). Their third album, Wooferwheels, was recorded during the summer of 1997 in Oslo. The sound was even more recognisable recognizable on this self produced release. Livin' the Lore was recorded in late 1998 and released in early 1999. The acquaintance with the father of modern stoner rock, Chris Goss, was rewarded with a new and much larger European tour in summer 1999 as support for the band Masters of Reality. The recording of their fifth album, Dinosauric Futurobic, took a year, and was released on the label Black Balloon in March 2002.
The breakthrough in Norway started with good reviews for the album Livin' the Lore, and escalated with the new release. The bandet played at many festivals, like the Quart Festival and the Øya Festival among others. Later this year they were support for the band Queens of The Stone Age. In 2003 the keyboardist Jan Tariq Rui Rahman joined the band, and their 2004 album Smugglers reached No. 1 on the Norwegian charts. and also was recipient of the Spellemannprisen award. They are known as an energetic live band fronted by vocalist Thomas Felberg who poses in colorful attire and Indian-inspired headwear.
Band members
Current members
Thomas Felberg - vocals
Andreas Dons Kirkvaag - guitar
Kristian Dons Kirkvaag - drums
Geir Anders Jensen - bass (1993)
Jan Tariq Rui Rahman - keyboards (2003)
Past members
Paal V. Bakke - bass
Honors
2004: Spellemannprisen in the category the best Rock band, for the album Smugglers
Discography
Albums
1994: In a Field of Moose (Nun Music)
1996: Violently Coloured Sneakers (Voices of Wonder)
1997: Wooferwheels (Voices of Wonder)
1999: Livin' the Lore (Voices of Wonder)
2002: Dinosauric Futurobic (Black Balloon)
2003: Lightyears Ahead (Black Balloon)
2004: Smugglers (Nun Music)
2008: Tension & Release (Nun Music)
We have been support acts for
1999: Masters of Reality
2002: Queens of the Stone Age
2006: Motörhead
References
External links
MIC article in Norwegian
We @ MySpace
Spellemannprisen winners
Norwegian rock music groups
Musical groups established in 1992
1992 establishments in Norway
Musical groups from Oslo
Myint & Associates is a major service provider for oil and gas companies that operate in Myanmar (Burma), providing supply and logistical services. It was the first private company in the country to operate and provide these services. The company's clients include Total, Unocal, Halliburton and Petronas.
References
Oil and gas companies of Myanmar
Non-renewable resource companies established in 1989
1989 establishments in Myanmar
Companies based in Yangon
Tom Krister Kristensson (born 30 April 1991) is a Swedish rally driver, who drives in the Junior World Rally Championship. He is originally from Lund, but now lives in Hörby.
In 2016 and 2017, Kristensson competed in the ADAC Opel Rallye Cup, finishing second in 2016 and winning 2017 championship.
In the 2019 season of JWRC, Tom finished second behind Jan Solans. The next season he went on to become the 2020 Junior World Rally champion.
Career results
WRC results
* Season still in progress.
WRC-2 results
JWRC results
ADAC Opel Rallye Cup results
References
External links
Living people
1991 births
Swedish rally drivers
Sportspeople from Lund
European Rally Championship drivers
The 2017 Women's March was a network of global political rallies that took place in cities around the world on January 21, 2017. These "sister marches" where both formally and organically related to the popularized 2017 Women's March, all of which happening in concert. The date of this global protest is particularly significant because it was the first day of President Donald J. Trump's term. In addition, the protest was largely in response the positions of the new presidency and the results of the 2016 presidential election. The march was also about promoting women's rights. Other causes were noted but where not limited to: immigration reform, climate science, and health care reform, countering religious discrimination, violence against women, LGBTQ abuse, addressing racial inequities (e.g. Black Lives Matter), workers' issues, and environmental issues.
United States
Listed below are 588 marches in the U.S. in support of the 2017 Women's March
Worldwide
Notes
References
External links
2017 in American politics
2017 in Asia
2017 in Europe
2017 in North America
2017 in Oceania
2017 in Africa
2017 protests
2017-related lists
Feminism-related lists
Foreign relations of the United States
History of women's rights
Human rights-related lists
Inauguration of Donald Trump
January 2017 events
Lists of places
Protests against Donald Trump
Protest marches
Reactions to the election of Donald Trump
2017 in women's history
Women's marches
Gatherings of women
List of 2017 Women's March locations
Articles containing video clips
Franz Brunner may refer to:
Franz Brunner (handballer) (1913–1991), Austrian handballer
Franz Brunner (wrestler) (1931–2014), Austrian wrestler
Montserrat women's national football team has not played a single FIFA recognised match, though they were scheduled to before withdrawing from the competition. Montserrat Football Association was created in 1994 and became a FIFA affiliate in 1996.
History
In 1985, few countries in the world had a women's national football team, including Montserrat. Between 1985 and April 2012, the team did not play in a single FIFA recognised match. They were supposed to compete in the Caribbean qualifying for the 2002 CONCACAF Women's Gold Cup. On 30 June, they should have played against the United States Virgin Islands but they withdrew from the tournament. Likewise, they were supposed to compete in the qualifying for the 2006 CONCACAF Women's Gold Cup. They were supposed to have played St. Kitts and Nevis but withdrew from the tournament. In March 2012, the team was not ranked in the world by FIFA. The team was intended to appear in the 2018 CFU Women's Challenge Series, but again withdrew.
Background and development
The national federation was created in 1994 and became a FIFA affiliate in 1996.
References
Football in Montserrat
is a Japanese actor best known as the shōguns ninja Saizō in the long-running prime-time television jidaigeki Abarenbō Shōgun. Godai first appeared as Saizō in Episode 57 of Series III, and continued through Series IV and V, about 190 episodes.
His stage name is the name of the character portrayed by Yujiro Ishihara in the 1969 film Eiko e no 5,000 kiro.
He is also a voice actor. He has had important roles in Taiyo Sentai Sun Vulcan, and as the villain Akudaikaan in Futari wa Pretty Cure Splash Star.
In film, Godai played the male lead opposite Rina Akiyama in the 2006 horror film Eko eko azaraku: B-page. He appeared in the 1985 Shiosai, an adaptation of The Sound of Waves by Yukio Mishima. He also played a role in Moonlight Mask (the 1981 movie version).
Godai appeared live on stage at a special performance Koi densetsu: Ai sureba koso by Yōko Nagayama.
Tokusatsu
Engine Sentai Go-onger (Savage Land Barbaric Machine Beast Nokogiri Banki/Chainsaw Banki)
References
External links
1956 births
Living people
Japanese male actors
H. Marshal Ward (born November 2, 1946 in San Turce, Puerto Rico) was a Major General in the U.S. Air Force. His last post was to serve as Director of special programs for Office of Undersecretary of Defense.
Prior to that position he served as Director of requirements at the Air Force Space Command Headquarters at Peterson Air Force Base in Colorado. In addition Ward served as Deputy Director for operational requirements at the Headquarters for the U.S. Air Force.
Education
In 1968, while serving in the military, the general graduated from Florida State University with a bachelor's degree. He then in 1972 graduated from squadron officer school. He got both his master's degree in business administration and finished the Air Command Staff College in 1982. Finally, in 1988 he graduated from the Industrial College of the Armed Forces.
Military career
In 1966 Marshal Ward enlisted in the air force. Later, he graduated from Florida State University after participating in the Airman's Education and Commissioning Program. He was commissioned Lieutenant after he completed Officer Training School in 1969. He has held numerous assignments in weather forecasting, hurricane reconnaissance, airlift operations, command and control operations, communications, space and missile plans and policy, acquisition program management, and operational requirements.
Post-military career
After retiring from the air force in 2001, Ward joined BAE Systems, serving as the vice president and general manager for the Electronics and Space Systems business area of BAE Systems. In this position, he was partially responsible for the founding of the business area. In his position he successfully facilitated the growth of the business area to US$270m in revenue. Later, he left BAE Systems and joined Integral Systems as a Chief Operating Officer.
References
External links
LinkedIn Profile
Living people
Florida State University alumni
United States Air Force generals
Auburn University alumni
1946 births
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
Recipients of the Defense Superior Service Medal
American chief operating officers
Ibrahim Kano (December 12, 1982, Kadiogo) is a Burkinabé professional footballer. He plays for Étoile Filante Ouagadougou.
Career
Kano began his career with Rail Club du Kadiogo, which was later renamed Captain. In summer 2006, he signed with FC Botoşani. The defender played 58 games for FC Botoşani before transferring in summer 2008 to FC Internaţional Curtea de Argeş. After the end of his contract with the Romanian side FC Internaţional Curtea de Argeş, he returned to Burkina Faso and signed with Étoile Filante Ouagadougou.
International career
Kano made his debut for the Burkina Faso national football team on 13 April 2001 against Togo national football team in the Union des Fédérations Ouest Africaines.
Notes
1982 births
Living people
Burkinabé footballers
FC Botoșani players
Liga II players
Expatriate footballers in Romania
Burkinabé expatriate sportspeople in Romania
Rail Club du Kadiogo players
FC Internațional Curtea de Argeș players
Association football defenders
Étoile Filante de Ouagadougou players
People from Centre Region (Burkina Faso)
Burkina Faso international footballers
21st-century Burkinabé people
Lūsis is a Latvian surname.
Notable people with this surname include:
Gunārs Lūsis (born 1950), Latvian artist
Helvijs Lūsis (born 1987), Latvian bobsledder
Jānis Lūsis (1939–2020), Latvian athlete
Voldemārs Lūsis (born 1974), Latvian athlete
See also
Lusis a 1992 album by Christian industrial band Mortal
Stary Majdan () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Rejowiec, west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has an approximate population of 80.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Kelly DiPucchio (born March 7, 1967) is an American writer of children's books. DiPucchio was born in Warren, Michigan. She attended Michigan State University where she graduated in 1989 in child psychology and development. She currently lives in Detroit, Michigan. Her books have made the New York Times bestseller list.
Work
DiPucchio's first published work, Bed Hogs (2004), is about a piglet who is the runt of the litter and has no room to sleep at night.
The story, Grace for President (2008), was written after an editor's preschool girl asked why there were no women presidents of the United States. The story follows Grace, an African-American girl as she runs in a mock election at her school. Grace for President is a "helpful introduction to the electoral system and empowering story for girls," according to Booklist. The story has had a cultural effect in the U.S., where children have even dressed up as Grace for Halloween. The book was listed on The New York Times Best Seller list in 2008.
DiPucchio was also able to collaborate with Queen Rania Al Abdullah from Jordon in the book, The Sandwich Swap (2010).
Zombie in Love (2011) is a love story about a zombie, named Mortimer, who finally meets the girls of his dreams. Kirkus Reviews wrote that DiPucchio's writing was "loaded with humorous understatement." Zombie in Love has been turned into a stage play written by Michelle Elliot and with music by Danny Larsen.
Crafty Chloe: Dress-Up Mess-Up (2013)provides "insight into the creative process" according to Kirkus Reviews.
Gaston (2014), a story about a bulldog being accidentally raised by poodles in a comic baby-mix-up story brings up the concepts of nature versus nurture and also about difficult concepts such as assimilation and gender. Publishers Weekly called Gaston a blend of sweetness and style.
Two of DiPucchio's stories, were IRA Teachers' Choices Reading List awardees: Grace for President was selected in 2009 and Gaston was selected in 2015. Gaston was also selected as a 2015 Notable Children's Book for younger readers by the Association for Library Service to Children. In 2014, she was awarded the Gwen Frostic Award, granted by the Michigan Reading Association to an illustrator or author from the state who has helped promote literacy.
Crafty Chloe won the 2012 NAPPA Gold Award in the category of Preschoolers & Up. The Sandwich Swap was approved by the 2010 Parents Choice Award. This book was co-written by Queen Rania al Abdullah of Jordon and appeared on The New York Times Best Seller list in 2010.
Publications
Bed Hogs, illustrated by Howard Fine, Hyperion Books for Children (New York, NY), 2004
Liberty's Journey, illustrated by Richard Egielski, Hyperion Books for Children (New York, NY), 2004
Dinosnores, illustrated by Ponder Goembel, HarperCollins (New York, NY), 2005
Mrs. McBloom, Clean Up Your Classroom!, illustrated by Guy Francis, Hyperion Books for Children (New York, NY), 2005
What's the Magic Word?, illustrated by Marsha Winborn, HarperCollins (New York, NY), 2005
Grace for President, illustrated by LeUyen Pham, Hyperion Books for Children (New York, NY), 2008
Sipping Spiders through a Straw: Campfire Songs for Monsters, illustrated by Gris Grimly, Scholastic Press (New York, NY), 2008
How to Potty Train Your Monster, illustrated by Mike Moon, Disney-Hyperion (New York, NY), 2009
Alfred Zector, Book Collector, illustrated by Macky Pamintuan, Harper (New York, NY), 2010
The Sandwich Swap, with Queen Rania al Abdullah, illustrated by Tricia Tusa, Disney-Hyperion Books (New York, NY), 2010
Clink, illustrated by Matthew Myers, Balzer & Bray (New York, NY), 2011
Gilbert Goldfish Wants a Pet, illustrated by Bob Shea, Dial Books for Young Readers (New York, NY), 2011
Zombie in Love, illustrated by Scott Campbell, Atheneum Books for Young Readers (New York, NY), 2011
Crafty Chloe, illustrated by Heather Ross, Atheneum Books for Young Readers (New York, NY), 2012
Crafty Chloe: Dress-Up Mess-Up, illustrated by Heather Ross, Atheneum Books for Young Readers (New York, NY), 2013
Gaston, illustrated by Christian Robinson, 2014
Zombie in Love 2+1, illustrated by Scott Campbell, 2014
Dog Days of School, illustrated by Brian Biggs, 2014
Everyone Loves Bacon, illustrated by Eric Wight, Farrar, Straus, and Giroux books for Young Readers (New York, NY), 2015,
Dragon Was Terrible, illustrated by Greg Pizzoli, Farrar, Straus, and Giroux books for Young Readers (New York, NY), 2016,
Everyone Loves Cupcake, illustrated by Eric Wight, Farrar, Straus, and Giroux books for Young Readers (New York, NY), 2016,
One Little Two Little Three Little Children, illustrated by Mary Lundquist, Balzer + Bray, 2016,
Antoinette, illustrated by Christian Robinson, Atheneum Books for Young Readers (New York, NY), 2017,
Super Manny Stands Up!, illustrated by Stephanie Graegin, Atheneum Books for Young Readers (New York, NY), 2017,
Littles: And How They Grow, illustrated by A.G. Ford, Doubleday Books for Young Readers, 2017,
Poe Won't Go, illustrated by Zachariah OHora, Disney-Hyperion (New York, NY), 2018
How to Grow Happiness: A Jerome the Gnome Adventure, illustrated by Matt Kaufenberg, Rodale Kids, 2018,
We're Going on a Treasure Hunt, illustrated by Jay Fleck, Farrar, Straus, and Giroux books for Young Readers (New York, NY), 2019,
Grace Goes to Washington, illustrated by LeUyen Pham, Disney-Hyperion (New York, NY), 2019,
References
External links
Kelly DiPucchio Blog
Author's website
1967 births
Living people
American children's writers
21st-century American writers
21st-century American women writers
People from Warren, Michigan
Michigan State University alumni
Mardivirus is a genus of viruses in the order Herpesvirales, in the family Herpesviridae, in the subfamily Alphaherpesvirinae. Chickens, turkeys, and quail serve as natural hosts. There are six species in this genus. Diseases associated with this genus include: Marek's disease, which causes asymmetric paralysis of one or more limbs, neurological symptoms, and development of multiple lymphomas that manifest as solid tumors. Gallid herpesvirus 2 (also known as Marek's disease virus) is the only one of these viruses known to be pathogenic and due to the antigenic similarity between the three viruses the other two have been used to vaccinate against Marek's disease. These viruses have double stranded DNA genomes with no RNA intermediate.
Species
The genus consists of the following six species:
Anatid alphaherpesvirus 1
Columbid alphaherpesvirus 1
Gallid alphaherpesvirus 2
Gallid alphaherpesvirus 3
Meleagrid alphaherpesvirus 1
Spheniscid alphaherpesvirus 1
Structure
Viruses in Mardivirus are enveloped, with icosahedral, spherical to pleomorphic, and round geometries, and T=16 symmetry. The diameter is around 120-200 nm. Genomes are linear and non-segmented, around 175kb in length.
Life cycle
Viral replication is nuclear, and is lysogenic. Entry into the host cell is achieved by attachment of the viral gB, gC, gD and gH proteins to host receptors, which mediates endocytosis. Replication follows the dsDNA bidirectional replication model. DNA-templated transcription, with some alternative splicing mechanism is the method of transcription. The virus exits the host cell by nuclear egress, and budding.
Chickens, turkeys, and quail serve as the natural host.
Replication
The stages of replication are similar to other viruses in Alphaherpesvirinae, but there are a few differences. After the virus has entered the cell the nucleocapsids make their way to a nuclear pore where the virus genome is released and translocates into the nucleus. The virus genome replicates and is packaged up within the nucleus, this new nucleocapsid then buds from the inner nuclear membrane and so gains its primary envelope. The nucleocapsid is now in the perinuclear space in the endoplasmic reticulum, from here the nucleocapsid buds from the outer nuclear membrane and by an unknown mechanism loses its primary envelope leaving the nucleocapsid naked in the cytoplasm. The nucleocapsids finally gain their secondary envelopes by budding into cytoplasmic vesicles within the cell.
References
External links
Viralzone: Mardivirus
ICTV
Virus Pathogen Database and Analysis Resource (ViPR): Herpesviridae
Alphaherpesvirinae
Poultry diseases
Virus genera
Marcos Martins dos Anjos, sometimes known as Marcos (Souto Soares, July 24, 1989), is a Brazilian footballer who acts as right back for Botafogo-PB.
Career
Marcos Martins was revealed by the basic categories of Cruzeiro, however, was soon borrowed the basic categories of Ipatinga where he disputed the Campeonato Brasileiro Sub-20 2008.
In the year 2009 was loaned again, this time for Itaúna, where the team competed in the Campeonato Mineiro Módulo II. That same year, he went to the Bahia where he was cast in the Brazilian Championship team in Serie B. Initially, the team was hired to work in the Bahia-based divisions, but with the sudden departure of an injury to Patrick and Dede, was promoted to principal owner of the team in a match against Ceará Sporting Club, and did not disappoint. Charmed the crowd at Pituaçu and became absolute owner of Bahia.
In 2010 it was confirmed to join the cast of Cruzeiro, but was not seized at the time and training remained separate from the main group. Later that year, was loaned to Avaí.
Career statistics
(Correct )
Honours
Cruzeiro
Copa São Paulo de Futebol Júnior: 2007
Ipatinga
Campeonato Mineiro - Módulo II: 2009
Avaí
Campeonato Catarinense: 2010
Vitória
Campeonato Baiano: 2013
Ceará
Campeonato Cearense: 2014
CRB
Campeonato Alagoano: 2016, 2017
References
External links
soccerway
ogol.com
Avaí
Antoniu's - Marcos
1989 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Cruzeiro Esporte Clube players
Esporte Clube Itaúna players
Avaí FC players
Esporte Clube Bahia players
Atlético Clube Goianiense players
Esporte Clube Vitória players
Ceará Sporting Club players
Clube de Regatas Brasil players
Botafogo Futebol Clube (SP) players
Santa Cruz Futebol Clube players
Esporte Clube São Bento players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série C players
Association football fullbacks
Miss Europe 1993 was the 48th edition of the Miss Europe pageant and the 37th edition under the Mondial Events Organization. It was held in Istanbul, Turkey on July 12, 1993. Arzum Onan of Turkey, was crowned Miss Europe 1993 by out going titleholder Marina Tsintikidou of Greece.
Results
Placements
Special awards
Contestants
- Sidorela Kola
- Nelly Schperin
- Gergana Fidanova
- Jana Rybská
- Mette Marie Salto
- Alison Hobson
- Teini Vaher
- Emilia Söderman
- Véronique de la Cruz
- Verona Feldbusch
- Afrodite Kouli
- Esther de Jong
- Svala Björk Arnardóttir
- UNKNOWN
- Dana Avrish
- Marika Coco
- Vilmantė Nainytė
- Nathalie Dos Santos
- Romina Genuis
- Julianne Skovli
- Dorota Wróbel
- Carla Marisa da Cruz
- Adriana Silaci
- Yuliya Alekseyeva
- Laura King
- Silvia Lakatošová
- Ana Maria Pérez Ayllón
- Christina Gustavsson (Christina Gustafsson)
- Beatrice Kohl
- Arzum Onan
- Veronika Ordynskaya
Notes
Withdrawals
- Stéphanie Meire
- Split into the Czech Republic and the Slovak Republic in 1993, thus withdrew and stop competing in the pageant.
- Bernadett Papp
- Natalie Lee
Debuts/Returns
- Was represented in the pageant as Czechoslovakia in prior editions. This is the first time the Czech Republic is competing as its own country.
- Was represented in the pageant as Czechoslovakia in prior editions. This is the first time the Slovak Republic is competing as its own country.
- Was represented in the pageant as Russia/USSR back in 1929 and the 1930s.
Returns
References
External links
Miss Europe
1993 beauty pageants
1993 in Turkey
Agnes Jebet Tirop (23 October 1995 – 13 October 2021) was a Kenyan professional long-distance runner who mainly competed in the 5000 metres and cross-country running. At the 2015 IAAF World Cross Country Championships she became the second-youngest ever gold medallist in the women's race after Zola Budd. She was a medallist at junior level at the World Cross Country and World Junior Championships in Athletics. She was also the junior champion at the African Cross Country Championships in 2014. She held a 5000 m best of 14:50.36 minutes. She won the bronze medal in the 10,000 metres events at the 2017 and 2019 World Athletics Championships and, at the time of her death in 2021, was the world-record holder in the 10 kilometres women's only event.
Career
Tirop first came to prominence at the national level in 2012, when she was runner-up to world junior champion Faith Chepngetich Kipyegon at the Kenyan Cross Country Championships. This led to her first national selection and international medal at the 2012 African Cross Country Championships; where she was again the runner-up to Kipyegon and took the junior silver medal. She was Kenya's most prominent entrant for the 5000 metres at the 2012 World Junior Championships in Athletics and finished with a bronze medal in a personal best of 15:36.74 minutes behind Ethiopian opposition.
Tirop was again second to Kipyegon at the 2013 Kenyan Cross Country Championships and teamwork between the pair led to a Kenyan 1–2 and team title at the 2013 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Kipyegon defended her title while Tirop was a narrow second to claim her first medal at the competition. She made progress on the track that year, setting personal bests of 8:39.13 minutes for the 3000 metres and 14:50.36 minutes for the 5000 metres, and also on the roads with a half marathon best of 71:57 minutes.
In the 2014 season she finally emerged from Kipyegon's shadow. Tirop won the Kenyan cross-country junior title and then dominated the junior race at the 2014 African Cross Country Championships, leading the Kenyans to victory by a 14-second margin (Kipyegon won both senior races). She was unable to achieve such a margin over African runner-up Alemitu Heroye at the 2014 World Junior Championships in Athletics and was again third in the 5000 m, while the Ethiopians extended Kenya's historic lack of a gold medal in that event.
Tirop entered the senior ranks in the 2015 season and immediately performed well, winning the Eldoret Discovery Cross Country in Kenya. She was second to Kipyegon at the Kenyan senior national championship race and earned a senior national selection – a performance which filled her with confidence. She said at the time "I did not even believe I could make the team. I will not fear running against seniors." For the 2015 IAAF World Cross Country Championships, after Kipyegon withdrew the reigning world champion Emily Chebet was seen as Kenya's leading athlete, and Tirop as a key team member. Despite this being her senior international debut and the fourth youngest athlete in the field, Tirop took to the front and gradually moved away from the field to win the senior gold medal some five seconds ahead of Ethiopia's Senbere Teferi. This made the 19-year-old the second-youngest winner of that title in championships history, after Zola Budd's win in 1985, and also brought her Kenya's 300th medal at the competition. With Ethiopia rounding out the top four and defending champion Chebet in sixth, Kenya came in second in the team race.
In 2017 she participated in the World Championships held in London, winning the bronze medal in the 10,000 metres event, with a time of 31:03.50, her personal best in the distance. In 2018, she won the World 10K Bangalore race in a course record time. She won a bronze medal in the same event at the 2019 World Athletics Championships.
At the delayed 2020 Summer Olympics, Tirop came fourth in the 5000 metres event. In September 2021, Tirop broke the world record in 10 kilometres women-only event. She set a time of 30:01 in an event in Herzogenaurach, Germany. In October 2021, she came second in the Giants Geneva race behind Kalkidan Gezahegne in a time of 30:20.
Death
Tirop was found dead in her home in Iten, Elgeyo-Marakwet County, on 13 October 2021; she had multiple stab wounds in her neck and abdomen. Authorities believe a domestic altercation occurred and Tirop was stabbed, as they also found her car windows had been shattered. A search began for Tirop's husband, Emmanuel Rotich, when he went missing after calling his family crying and asking for God's forgiveness for something he had done. He then was involved in a lengthy high-speed chase, trying to flee the country, when he ultimately rammed his getaway vehicle into a lorry near Mombasa. He was subsequently arrested and questioned about Tirop's death.
Tirop's funeral was attended by around 1,000 people, and she was buried in her home town.
Personal bests
These were Tirop's lifetime bests.
1500 metres – 4:12.68 (2013)
2000 metres – 5:48.65 (2013)
3000 metres – 8:22.92 (2020)
5000 metres (track) – 14:20.68 (2019)
10,000 metres (track) – 30:25.20 (2019)
5 km (road) – 15:30 (2017)
10 km (road) – 30:01 (2021)
International competitions
Source:
References
External links
1995 births
2021 deaths
Kenyan female long-distance runners
World Athletics Cross Country Championships winners
World Athletics Championships athletes for Kenya
World Athletics Championships medalists
Kenyan female cross country runners
People from Uasin Gishu County
Athletes (track and field) at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Kenya
Deaths by stabbing in Kenya
Kenyan murder victims
2021 murders in Kenya
Female murder victims
People murdered in Kenya
La Cittadella is a 1964 Italian miniseries based on A. J. Cronin's 1937 novel, The Citadel, and produced by Radiotelevisione Italiana. It was directed by Anton Giulio Majano and stars Alberto Lupo as Dr. Manson and Anna Maria Guarnieri as his wife, Christine. Other television versions include an American (1960), another Italian (2003), and two British adaptations, 1960 and 1983.
Cast
Alberto Lupo as Andrew Manson
Anna Maria Guarnieri as Cristina Barlow
Carlo Hintermann as Denny
Laura Efrikian as Mary Boland
Eleonora Rossi Drago as Francis Lawrence
Loretta Goggi as Florrie
Nando Gazzolo as Freddie Hamson
Lida Ferro as Blodwen Page
Aldo Silvani as Prof. Abbey
Fosco Giachetti as Prof. Gadsby
Ferruccio De Ceresa as Stillman
Mercedes Brignone as Lady Gladys
Antonella Della Porta as Margie
Gabriele Antonini as Grenfell
Gianni Solaro as Sutton
Mario Ferrari as Avv. Boon
Luigi Pavese as Con Boland
Nino Pavese as Prof. Mc Donald
Guido Celano as Russell
External links
Article about Cronin and the NHS
Italian drama television series
1964 Italian television series debuts
Television shows based on British novels
Period television series
Television shows based on works by A. J. Cronin
1960s Italian television series
Magdalena Adamowicz (née Abramska; born 10 April 1973) is a lawyer and the widow of Paweł Adamowicz, a Polish politician murdered by a mentally unstable ex-convict. She was elected to the European Parliament in the 2019 election as part of the center-left European Coalition opposition. She has since been serving on the Committee on Transport and Tourism.
In addition to her committee assignments, Adamowicz is part of the Parliament's delegation for relations to South Africa. She is also a member of the European Parliament Intergroup on Seas, Rivers, Islands and Coastal Areas and the URBAN Intergroup.
Biography
Educational career
Magdalena Adamowicz studied in Primary School number 14 named after Janusz Korczak in Słupsk and 1st High School named after Bolesław III Wrymouth in Słupsk. Then she graduated from the faculty of law at the University of Gdańsk and completed Legal Counsel application. In 2003 she was awarded a Gdańsk Doctor of Philosophy at the faculty of law for her dissertation: The role of the mutual insurance companies in the business insurance system, which was supervised by professor Janina Ciechanowicz-McLean. In the same year she was appointed as an assistant professor at the faculty of Admiralty law. She is a graduate of the English and European school of law organised by the University of Cambridge and the School of German law organised by the University of Bonn. In 2013 she completed her MBA postgraduate studies organised in collaboration with the University of Northampton and the Higher Banking School in Gdańsk. She trained also in Cologne, Barcelona, Monachium, Hamburg, Antwerp and Brussels.
Political involvement
She started in the 2019 European Parliament election from the second place on the European Coalition candidates list in the ward number 1 as a candidate recommended by the Civic Platform. Adamowicz received 199,591 votes (24,12% of votes in the ward) and hence was elected to the EP with the higher result in the ward. As an MEP she joined European People's Party group. She became a member of Transportation and Tourism Committee as well as a part of the Parliament's delegation for relations to South Africa and also a substitute member of the Law Committee and the Committee of Civil Freedom, Justice and Internal Affairs.
Accusations of Tax Evasion
In August 2020, the Polish National Prosecutors office brought charges of tax evasion against Magdalena Adamowicz, accusing her of concealment of tax returns for 2011–2012. The prosecutor's office accuses her of non-disclosure of nearly 300,000 PLN and 100 thousand. PLN of income in tax returns for 2011 and 2012.
Private life
Between 1999 and 2019 she was married to Paweł Adamowicz who served as mayor of the city of Gdańsk until he was murdered by a mentally unstable ex-convict. From this marriage she has two daughters: Antonina (born 2003) and Teresa (born 2010). Her sister Beata is married to the mayor of Grudziądz, Maciej Glamowski.
Books
Magdalena Adamowicz, Justyna Nawrot (red.), Europeizacja prawa morskiego, Gdańsk: Arche Publishing House, 2016, isbn 978-83-88445-62-0, (in Polish)
References
MEPs for Poland 2019–2024
Women MEPs for Poland
Politicians from Gdańsk
1973 births
Living people
Robert Donald Emery (born March 4, 1964) was a college men's ice hockey coach at the State University of New York at Plattsburgh. He played college hockey at Boston College from 1983 to 1986 and briefly played professional hockey with the Fredericton Express in New Brunswick and the Maine Mariners in Portland, Maine. He has been the head men's ice hockey coach at Plattsburgh State since the 1989-1990 season. With 465 career victories, he is the winningest hockey coach in Plattsburgh history and the 20th winningest coach in NCAA college history. His .742 career winning percentage ranks third all-time among college coaches with at least 300 wins.
Early years
A native of Somerville, Massachusetts, Emery played hockey for Matignon High School from 1979 to 1982 and led the team to three consecutive state championships in 1979, 1980 and 1981. Emery was named to the Massachusetts High School All-Scholastic First Team in 1981-1982.
Boston College
Emery enrolled at Boston College in 1982. He participated in three NCAA Division I men's ice hockey tournaments while attending Boston College. He was selected as a Hockey East All-Star as a senior in the 1985-1986 season.
Emery received a bachelor's degree in marketing from Boston College in 1986. He also earned a master's degree in leadership at Plattsburgh State in 1990.
Professional hockey
In 1982, Emery was drafted by the Montreal Canadiens in the 10th round (208th overall pick) of the NHL Entry Draft. He was invited to the Canadiens' training camp and later played for the Fredericton Express, the Quebec Nordiques affiliate in the American Hockey League. He also played with the Maine Mariners.
Plattsburgh State
In 1988, Emery became an assistant men's hockey coach at Plattsburgh State while studying for his master's degree. After one season as an assistant, he was promoted to head coach for the 1989-1990 hockey season. Emery led Plattsburgh to the NCAA Tournament in 18 of the next 30 seasons. His teams have won two national championships and advanced to the Frozen Four nine times in 1990, 1992, 1998, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2004, 2008 and 2010. His best record came in 1992 when Emery led Plattsburgh to a 32-2-2 record and its first NCAA national championship. Emery's second national championship came in 2001 and resulted from beating the previously undefeated RIT Tigers in the finals. Emery announced his retirement from coaching at the end of the 2018–19 season and was 11th all-time in wins with 624 when he hung up his whistle.
Merrimack
Shortly after wrapping up his coaching career, Emery was hired by Merrimack to be the Director of Hockey operations.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
Head Coaching Record
Awards and honors
See also
List of college men's ice hockey coaches with 400 wins
References
External links
1964 births
Boston College Eagles men's ice hockey players
Fredericton Express players
Ice hockey players from Massachusetts
Maine Mariners players
Montreal Canadiens draft picks
Sportspeople from Somerville, Massachusetts
State University of New York at Plattsburgh alumni
State University of New York at Plattsburgh faculty
Living people
American men's ice hockey defensemen
The Cherokee Public Library is located in Cherokee, Iowa, United States. A library was begun in town in 1886 by the Cherokee Ladies
Library Association. The collection of books was housed in the YMCA and other shared facilities. It was poorly funded, and the city of Cherokee took over the library in 1898 after voters passed a referendum. The Carnegie Corporation of New York had accepted the city's application for a grant for $10,000 on January 6, 1903. They hired Oskaloosa, Iowa architect Frank E. Wetherell to design the new building, which was built by Hansen and Lambkin of New Hampton, Iowa. Carnegie donated a further $2,000 to complete construction. It was dedicated on May 2, 1905.
The skylight began to leak and was removed in 1910. The basement interior was completed in 1913. Vines grew across the exterior and were removed in the 1950s. Around the same time a new front entry was installed and interior renovations were made. Further renovations were completed in the 1980s, which included an elevator and handicap access. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
References
Library buildings completed in 1905
Carnegie libraries in Iowa
Cherokee, Iowa
Buildings and structures in Cherokee County, Iowa
National Register of Historic Places in Cherokee County, Iowa
Libraries on the National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
Public libraries in Iowa
1905 establishments in Iowa
Nelusetta ayraud also known as the Chinaman-leatherjacket or ocean jacket is a filefish of the family Monacanthidae, found around Australia to depths of about . This species grows to a length of TL. This species is a component of local commercial fisheries.
References
Monacanthidae
Fish described in 1824
James Sonzero, a Los Angeles television commercial producer, started Papi men's underwear in 1995 with about $100,000. "Papi" is Spanish slang for daddy and a term of endearment. After creating commercials for mainstream products for 13 years and watching clothing trends in clubs, Sonzero says, "I felt I was poised to launch my own product. And I felt there was a need for a Latin-identified product." Papi's start was inauspicious: A 1995 boutique trade show in New York, where the company first showed, opened during a blizzard. Nonetheless, Papi racked up $20,000 in new orders in two days.
The Broadway hit Rent used Papi as part of its costume ensemble and singer Janet Jackson and actress Rosie Perez have been photographed wearing Papi t-shirts and hats. At the time, Papi was sold mostly via urban boutiques that target Latino and young, hip clients.
In 2004, Miami Lakes-based Isaco International acquired Papi. Isaco International is a leading manufacturer of underwear, sleepwear, ties, and hosiery, most notably for the brands Perry Ellis (acting as a licensee of Perry Ellis International), Ike Behar and Equipo.
Isaco launched Papi at better department stores including Macy's, Dillard's and Belk, as well as specialty stores, greatly increasing the brand's exposure. Today Papi competes in the men's underwear market with 2xist, Calvin Klein and Emporio Armani. Papi's niche remains sexy, provocative and colorful designs and boasts a strong Latino and gay following. Papi creates Calvin Klein-esque ads and packaging and employs campaign-level models in its marketing, including Brett Novek (2007), Vinci Alonso (2008), Michele Graglia (2009),Derek Keeton (2010) and Leonardo Corredor (2011).
Beyond simply selling underwear, Papi is involved in cause marketing, especially HIV / AIDS awareness. In 2009 Papi and HIVictorious, a non-profit organization from Wisconsin, teamed up to promote a national HIV awareness campaign entitled "What If You Were HIV Positive?" In 2010, Papi designed a special collection of men's underwear for Hispanic Heritage month and championed Hispanic-American causes such as education, immigration and cultural assimilation.
References
External links
Official site of Papi Inc Men's Underwear
Underwear brands
VHB may refer to:
Vanasse Hangen Brustlin, Inc., an American civil engineering firm
Vereinigte Huttwil-Bahnen, one of three Swiss railways that merged in 1997 to form Regionalverkehr Mittelland
Verkehrsverbund Hegau-Bodensee, a German transport association
Verlagsgruppe Handelsblatt, publisher of the German business newspaper Handelsblatt
Virtual Haptic Back, a haptic technology in medicine
VHb (hemoglobin), found in the bacterium Vitreoscilla
VHB monitor, or very high brightness monitor, a type of computer monitor
VHB, a vehicle registration plate prefix for vehicles for hire in Victoria, Australia
The VHB, a performer on the 1984 compilation album Street Sounds Electro 4
VHB tape, a trademarked family of acrylic-adhesive double-sided tapes made by 3M
FK 14 Oktomvri 1946 () is a football club based in the village of Krupište near Štip, North Macedonia. They currently play in the Macedonian Third League.
References
External links
14 Oktomvri 1946 Facebook
Club info at MacedonianFootball
Football Federation of Macedonia
Football clubs in North Macedonia
Karbinci Municipality
Egba Gbagura is one of the five sections of Egbaland, the others being Ake, Oke-Ona, the Owu and Ibara (historically, Ibara is part of Yewa (Egbado), not Egba, although it is located in the present day Abeokuta geographically). It is a traditional state which joins with its bordering sections to form something of a high kingship.
The Agura of Gbagura is the traditional ruler of this subsection of the Egba, and under his jurisdiction are the rulers of the 72 townships that each bear the title Baale. Though the Agura is technically in equal power to the Alake, ever since the colonial era the Alake has been considered to be the supreme leader of all of Egbaland, not just the Ake section.
History
The Egba people's original homeland in the Egba forest was established by Yoruba migrants from elsewhere. According to The History of the Yorubas by Samuel Johnson, Eso Ikoyi chiefs in the retinue of the first Alake of the Egbas joined him in founding a new community - the confederacy of towns that became known as Orile Egba - in the forest after they left the nascent Oyo empire in around the 13th century AD. Orile Egba continued to exist until its destruction during the Yoruba civil war of the 19th century.
The Egba people originally lived in the Oyo Empire until an Egba, Lisabi, organized a revolt against the Alaafin of the Oyo Empire. Lisabi is therefore considered the father of the Egba people.
Abeokuta was founded as a replacement for Orile Egba in around 1830 by the Egbas after the collapse of the Oyo empire during the civil war. The city was founded because of its strong defensive physical position by refugees trying to protect themselves against slave raiders from Dahomey, who were trying to benefit from the war. The Gbagura people were specifically lead to Abeokuta by Balogun Ojo of Gbagura.
The Egba Gbagura, along with the other 4 groups who founded Abeokuta, avoided crowning kings until 1870. This was when the Gbagura appointed Jamolu as the first Agura of Gbagura. The Gbagura section of Nigeria originally included 144 townships scattered all over Yorubaland stretching all the way to modern day Ibadan. 72 of these towns rebelled against the allegiance of the Agura and later joined the Oke-Ona section of Egba. Towns under the jurisdiction of the Gbagura include Iddo, Ilugun, Ilawo, and others. Each township brings a chief which serves alongside the Agura and the rest of the kings of Egbaland, and in the Ogboni of Egbaland, the supreme legislative council of chiefs. The township of Iddo is the only township that can produce an Agura.
The history of all the Egba also include many wars fought with neighboring people and kingdoms. In 1832, Abeokuta was involved in war with the people of Ijebu Remo, and in 1834 with the Ibadan people. Sporadic fighting continued with the people of Ota (1842), Ado (1844), Ibarapa (1849), Dahomey (1851), Ijebu-Ere (1851), Ijaye (1860–1862) and the Makun War of 1862–1864.
The Dahomeans were long time enemies of the Egba and Dahomey attempted to conquer Egbaland up to 4 times but they were unsuccessful. The Egba success is attributed to the legendary Olumo rock, which towers Abeokuta. In fact, the name Abẹokuta literally means "under the rock," abẹ meaning under and okuta meaning rock or stone. It is said the Egba hid under the rock and use it as an advantage point when fighting.
On 18 January 1893, a treaty was signed with the governor and commander-in-chief of the British Lagos Colony for the purpose of trade; the British recognized Egbaland as an independent state. In 1898, the Egba United Government was formed.
In 1904, an agreement was made where the British assumed jurisdiction in certain legal cases, and in the same year, the Alake Gbadebo paid a state visit to England. Over the following years, the British steadily assumed more responsibility for administration while continuing to formally recognize the Egba state.
In 1914, the kingdom was incorporated into the newly amalgamated British Colony and Protectorate of Nigeria.
Rulers
Rulers of the Egba Gbagura in Abeokuta, who took the title "Agura" in 1870
There are 2 ruling houses in Gbagura, Ajiboso and Egiri. The Agura answers only to the Alake of Egbaland and is third in power behind the Ake and Oke-Ona Egba.
Notable members of the Egba Gbagura community
Chief MKO Abiola, successful Nigerian businessman and undeclared winner of the June 1993 Nigerian Presidential election
Madam Efunroye Tinubu, powerful female aristocrat in pre-colonial Nigeria
Alhaji Sarafa Tunji Ishola, Nigerian politician
References
Nigerian traditional states
Abeokuta
History of Abeokuta
Numerica Corporation is a space data provider with a worldwide network of satellite tracking optical telescopes. It is based in Fort Collins, Colorado, United States.
History
Numerica is a space data provider organisation. It was founded by Aubrey B. Poore, an applied mathematics professor at Colorado State University, in 1996. It is based in Fort Collins, Colorado, with a second office in Colorado Springs, and a third also in Fort Collins. It has around 70 employees.
Facilities
Numerica has a worldwide network of around 20 ground-based optical telescopes to track satellites, with around 130 optical sensors. These include telescopes with apertures of , and , which operate both at night and during daylight. Originally targeted at geostationary satellites, they were upgraded in 2021 so that they could be used to track low earth orbit satellites. The use of optical telescopes is aimed at complementing existing radar tracking facilities to provide surveillance and tracking data. It has been contracted by the UK Space Agency to provide information about UK-licensed satellites in orbit, and is also contracted by the United States Air Force.
In November 2021 it imaged the debris cloud from the destruction of Kosmos 1408 by a Russian anti-satellite missile.
It also sells short-range radar systems, including to the United States Army.
References
Space organizations
1996 establishments
Fort Collins, Colorado
The 1992 Paris–Tours was the 86th edition of the Paris–Tours cycle race and was held on 10 October 1992. The race started in Issy-les-Moulineaux and finished in Tours. The race was won by Hendrik Redant of the Lotto team.
General classification
References
1992 in French sport
1992
1992 UCI Road World Cup
October 1992 sports events in Europe
1992 in road cycling
Michael Frederick Gosling (born September 23, 1980) is an American former Major League Baseball (MLB) left-handed pitcher who played for the Arizona Diamondbacks, Cincinnati Reds, and Cleveland Indians from 2004 to 2009.
Amateur career
Gosling was originally drafted by the Minnesota Twins in the 14th round of the 1998 Major League Baseball Draft, but chose to go to college at Stanford University, where he graduated with a degree in Human Biology. In 1999, he played collegiate summer baseball with the Orleans Cardinals of the Cape Cod Baseball League.
Professional career
Arizona Diamondbacks
He was drafted again, by the Arizona Diamondbacks in the 2nd round of the 2001 Major League Baseball Draft. Gosling began his career in AA with the El Paso Diablos, and led the Texas League in wins in 2002. After shoulder surgery in 2003, he made his major league debut with the D-backs on September 9, . He went 1–1 with a 4.62 earned run average in six appearances (four starts) for the season. He split between the Diamondbacks and their AAA affiliate, the Tucson Sidewinders, going 0–3 with a 4.45 ERA in 13 appearances (five starts) for Arizona.
Cincinnati Reds
In , Gosling was selected off waivers by the Cincinnati Reds. He made one appearance with the Reds in 2006, and split between the Reds and their AAA affiliate, the Louisville Bats, going 2-0 with the Reds. He made 24 total appearances in two seasons for the Reds, and was used exclusively out of the bullpen.
Toronto Blue Jays
In , Gosling played in the Toronto Blue Jays organization and had a 3.67 ERA for AAA Syracuse. Gosling led the league in appearances and became a free agent at the end of the season.
Minnesota Twins
In January , Gosling signed a minor league contract with the Minnesota Twins. After going 7-1 out of the bullpen for the Rochester Red Wings, Gosling exercised a June 1 escape clause in his contract to become a free agent.
Cleveland Indians
On June 5, 2009, Gosling signed a minor league contract with the Cleveland Indians. He was then called up on June 19 and made 15 appearances for the Indians.
On December 2, 2009, Gosling re-signed with the Cleveland Indians on a minor league contract with an invite to spring training.
On May 17, 2010, Gosling officially announced his retirement before a Columbus Clippers game for Cleveland's AAA minor league affiliate. He finished his career that night by pitching 6.1 scoreless innings in a spot start against the Durham Bulls.
Life after baseball
In August 2012, Gosling returned to Stanford and enrolled at Stanford Law School.
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
Arizona Diamondbacks players
Cincinnati Reds players
Cleveland Indians players
Louisville Bats players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Baseball players from Wisconsin
Sportspeople from Madison, Wisconsin
Rochester Red Wings players
Syracuse Chiefs players
Tucson Sidewinders players
Orleans Firebirds players
Stanford Cardinal baseball players
Columbus Clippers players
Anchorage Glacier Pilots players
The Hits Album 3 or Hits 3 is a compilation album released in the UK by and WEA Records and CBS Records in November 1985. It followed up the extremely successful previous volumes Hits 1 and Hits 2. Although those albums both reached #1, Hits 3 peaked at #2 (held off by Now 6), despite a strong track-listing including a rare appearance of a Madonna track on a compilation album and a further 20 top ten hits.
Hits 3 was a 28 track double-LP and cassette. A 22-track video compilation titled The Hits Video: Take 2 was also released on VHS by WEA Music Video.
Hits 3 features two songs which reached number one on the UK Singles Chart: "Frankie" and "The Power of Love (Jennifer Rush song)".
The Cars song "Drive" previously appeared on Hits 1.
Track listing
Record/Tape 1 Side 1 (1)
A-ha – "Take On Me"
King – "The Taste of Your Tears"
Red Box – "Lean on Me (ah-li-ayo)"
Matt Bianco – "Yeh, Yeh"
Sister Sledge – "Frankie"
Denise LaSalle – "My Toot Toot"
Shakin' Stevens – "Lipstick, Powder and Paint"
Record/Tape 1 Side 2 (2)
Madonna – "Dress You Up"
Prince and The Revolution – "Raspberry Beret"
Bruce Springsteen – "Dancing in the Dark"
Steve Arrington – "Dancin' in the Key of Life"
Brilliant – "It's a Man's Man's Man's World"
Colonel Abrams – "Trapped"
Eurythmics and Aretha Franklin – "Sisters Are Doin' It for Themselves"
Record/Tape 2 Side 1 (3)
Jennifer Rush – "The Power of Love"
Paul Young – "Everytime You Go Away"
The Cars – "Drive" †
Cyndi Lauper – "Time After Time"
Sade – "The Sweetest Taboo"
The Dream Academy – "Life in a Northern Town"
Bonnie Tyler and Todd Rundgren – "Loving You's a Dirty Job but Somebody's Gotta Do It"
Record/Tape 2 Side 2 (4)
John Parr – "St. Elmo's Fire (Man in Motion)"
Huey Lewis and the News – "The Power of Love"
ZZ Top – "Sleeping Bag"
Bonnie Tyler – "Holding Out for a Hero"
Thompson Twins – "King for a Day"
The Cult – "She Sells Sanctuary"
Echo & the Bunnymen – "Bring On the Dancing Horses"
† Previously available on Hits 1.
The Hits Video: Take 2
A-ha – "Take On Me"
King – "The Taste of Your Tears"
Red Box – "Lean On Me"
Matt Bianco – "Yeh Yeh"†
Brilliant – "It's a Man's Man's Man's World"
The Associates – "Take Me To the Girl"††
Jennifer Rush – "The Power Of Love"†
Paul Young – "Every Time You Go Away"
Simply Red – "Holding Back the Years"††
The Dream Academy – "Life In A Northern Town"
Howard Jones – "Like to Get to Know You Well (new version)"†††
Shakin' Stevens – "Lipstick, Powder and Paint"
Bonnie Tyler – "Holding Out for a Hero"
Dead or Alive – "My Heart Goes Bang"††
Screaming Blue Messiahs – "Twin Cadillac Valentine"††
The Jesus and Mary Chain – "Just Like Honey"††
The Cult – "Rain"††
Prefab Sprout – "When Love Breaks Down"††
Jesse Rae – "Over the Sea"††
Eighth Wonder – "Stay with Me"††
Strawberry Switchblade – "Jolene"††
Echo & the Bunnymen – "Bring On the Dancing Horses"
† Only available in mono. †† Never appeared on any Hits album. ††† Previously appeared on a Hits album.
References
Collins Complete UK Hit Albums 1956-2005. Graham Betts. 2005. .
1985 compilation albums
CBS Records compilation albums
Warner Music Group compilation albums
Hits (compilation series) albums
Pope Paul IV (r. 1555–1559) created 19 cardinals in four consistories.
June 7, 1555
Carlo Carafa
December 20, 1555
Juan Martínez Silíceo
Gianbernardino Scotti
Diomede Carafa
Scipione Rebiba
Jean Suau
Johann Gropper
Gianantonio Capizucchi
March 15, 1557
Taddeo Gaddi
Antonio Trivulzio, iuniore
Lorenzo Strozzi
Virgilio Rosario
Jean Bertrand
Michele Ghislieri
Clemente d'Olera
Alfonso Carafa
Vitellozzo Vitelli
Giovanni Battista Consiglieri
June 14, 1557
William Petow
References
Paul IV
16th-century Catholicism
College of Cardinals
The Wilfrid Laurier Golden Hawks women's ice hockey team is the women's college ice hockey team that represents the Wilfrid Laurier University in Waterloo, Ontario. The team competes as a member of the Ontario University Athletics (OUA), under the U Sports association. The Golden Hawks play their home games at Sunlife Financial Arena.
Since joining the OUA in the 1994-95 season, the team has won 11 OUA provincial titles and 1 U Sports national title (2004-05).
The current coach is former New Hampshire Wildcats Hockey East All-Star forward Kelly Paton, who took over in 2018. Also a former player for the Boston Blades, Paton had previously coached the Western Mustangs women's hockey team as well as the London Devilettes of the Provincial Women's Hockey League.
Prior to Paton, the head coach was Rick Osborne. Osborne joined the team in 2003 and brought the team to 9 provincial championships and the only national title they have won. He retired after 15 seasons.
History
The Laurier women's ice hockey program began in the 1994-95 season and since the 1998-99 season has dominated women's hockey in the OUA Ontario University Athletics. They have been champions 10 times since that 1998 season. Winning the OUA championship in 1998/99, 2001/02, 2003/04, 2004/05, 2005/06, 2006/07, 2007/08, 2008/09, 2009/10, and 2011/12 seasons.
Awards and honours
Forward - Andrea Ironside, 2008/2009 Women's Hockey U Sports Championship Tournament All-Star
Forward - Andrea Ironside, Monday, November 24, 2008, Laurier Athlete of the Week
Goaltender - Liz Knox, 2010 Outstanding Woman of Laurier
Defence - Andrea Bevan, 2006/2007 Women's Hockey OUA Most Valuable Player
Defence - Andrea Bevan, 2008/2009 Women's Hockey OUA Most Valuable Player
U Sports honours
Defence - Andrea Bevan, 2004/2005 U Sports Women's Hockey All Rookie Team
Defence - Andrea Bevan, 2006/2007 U Sports Women's Hockey First Team All-Canadian
Defence - Andrea Bevan, 2006/2007 U Sports Tournament All-Star
Defence - Andrea Bevan, 2007/2008 U Sports Women's Hockey First Team All-Canadian
Defence - Andrea Bevan, 2008/2009 U Sports Women's Hockey First Team All-Canadian
Forward - Andrea Ironside, 2009 Second Team
Forward - Andrea Ironside, 2010 U Sports Tournament All-Star
Goaltender - Liz Knox, 2010 Brodrick Trophy, U Sports MVP
Goaltender - Liz Knox, 2010 All-U Sports First Team
Defence - Alannah Wakefield, 2011 U Sports all-rookie team
U Sports Tournament honours
Laurissa Kenworthy, 2007 U Sports Tournament All-Stars
Academic All-Canadian honours
Kate Psota (2009)
All-Canadian honours
Defence -Andrea Bevan, 2004/2005 U Sports Women's Hockey All Rookie Team
Defence - Andrea Bevan, 2006/2007 U Sports Women's Hockey First Team All-Canadian
Defence - Andrea Bevan, 2007/2008 U Sports Women's Hockey First Team All-Canadian
Defence - Andrea Bevan, 2008/2009 U Sports Women's Hockey First Team All-Canadian
Forward - Andrea Ironside, 2009 Second Team
Defence - Alannah Wakefield, 2011 U Sports all-rookie team
OUA honours
Andrea Bevan, 2006/2007 Women's Hockey OUA Most Valuable Player
Andrea Bevan, 2008/2009 Women's Hockey OUA Most Valuable Player
Andrea Bevan, 2008/2009 Women's Hockey OUA First Team All-Star
Andrea Ironside, 2008/2009 Women's Hockey OUA First Team All-Star
Golden Hawks in pro hockey
International
Andrea Bevan : 2009 Winter Universiade
Andrea Ironside : 2009 Winter Universiade
Liz Knox : 2011 Winter Universiade
Laura Brooker : 2015 Winter Universiade
References
Wilfrid Laurier University
U Sports women's ice hockey teams
Women's ice hockey teams in Canada
Ice hockey teams in Ontario
Wilfrid Laurier Golden Hawks
Women in Ontario
1994 establishments in Ontario
Ice hockey clubs established in 1994
Bevonium is an antimuscarinic with antispasmodic and bronchodilating properties.
References
Muscarinic antagonists
Quaternary ammonium compounds
Piperidines
Tertiary alcohols
Gavoustema (Greek: Γαβούστημα) is the Annual Panhellenic Meeting of the Misthiotes, descendants of the inhabitants of Misthi (Cappadocia, today Turkey), in Greece. The Misthiotes refers to a group of Greek-Cappadocian people who came to Greece after the population exchange between Greece and Turkey following the Treaty of Lausanne in 1923. Having established themselves in their new homeland of Greece the organizing committees of these descendants agreed by the end of the 1990s to arrange an annual meeting to celebrate and promote their culture. The first Annual Panhellenic Meeting was held in Mandra, Larissa (Greece) in 1997. These meetings have since then been arranged at different locations in Greece where Misthiotes (and those related to them) settled down. In reality, the Annual Panhellenic Meeting is a cultural festival with activities ranging from art, music and dance exhibitions, academic lectures (often concerning history), gastronomical tours as well as book exposition. This event has proven highly successful in many respects and has attracted more than 3000 every year. In many cases, families have found relatives they did not exist which has resulted in the illumination of their ancestry. The Gavoustema has also led to the resurrection of the Misthiotic culture which to many, especially to younger generations, has been completely unknown. As a result, the Gavoustema has spurred several individuals to engage in layman investigations or professional academic research about the history, culture and language of the Misthiotes.
The Gavoustema has been hosted by the following cities in Greece:
1997 - Mandra, Larissa (August)
1998 - Xanthe (August)
1999 - Conitsa, Ioannena (August)
2000 - Kokkinochoma, Kavala (August)
2001 - Ano Mavrolofo, Magnesia (17-19 August)
2002 - Xerochori, Salonica (23-24 August)
2003 - Neo Agioneri, Kilkis (22-24 August)
2004 - Alexandroupolis (6-8 August)
2005 - Mandra, Larissa (19-21 August)
2006 - Kavala (August). Guest lecture was given by prominent professor of Linguistics and Classics Mark Janse who has focused his research on Cappadocian Greek dialects. Visit Professor Mark Janse's homepage.)
2008 - Plagia, Kilkis (16-17 August)
2009 - Eleftheroupolis, Kavala (date)
2010 - Alexandroupolis (date)
2011 - Neos Mylotopos, Pella (19-21 August)
2012 - Neo Agioneri, Kilkis (24-26 August)
2013 - Neokesaria, Ioannina (23-25 August)
2014 - Petrana, Kozani (22-23 August)
2015 - Vounena, Larissa (21-23 August)
See also
Misthi: Greek city in Cappadocia (nowadays Turkey)
Cappadocian Greeks
The 33rd People's Choice Awards, honoring the best in popular culture for 2006, were held on January 9, 2007 at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles, California. They were hosted by Queen Latifah and broadcast on CBS.
Nominations and winners
The nominees for the awards were selected with the help of Knowledge Networks which used what it describes as an online-only nationally representative panel to identify a pop culture-involved sample of men and women ages 18–49. Winners were chosen online by those who registered with the awards shows official website.
Awards
Winners are listed first, in bold. Other nominees are in alphabetical order.
References
People's Choice Awards
2006 awards in the United States
2007 in California
Scopula monotropa is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in Namibia.
References
Moths described in 1925
monotropa
Moths of Africa
Kenneth Mackenzie or Kenneth McKenzie may refer to:
Kenneth Mackenzie (bishop of Argyll and The Isles) (1863–1945), Episcopal bishop in Scotland
Kenneth Mackenzie (bishop of Brechin) (1876–1966), Episcopal bishop in Scotland
Kenneth F. McKenzie Jr. (born 1957), United States Marine Corps General
Kenneth Douglas (1754–1833), born Kenneth Mackenzie, British army general and architect of the Shorncliffe Method for Light Infantry training
Kenneth Ross MacKenzie (1912–2002), American physicist and discoverer of astatine
Kenneth R. Mackenzie (1908–1990), British scholar and parliamentary clerk
Kenneth Mackenzie (author) (1913–1955), pen name Kenneth Seaforth Mackenzie, Australian poet and novelist
Kenneth McKenzie (fur trader) (died 1861), 19th-century fur trader in the upper Missouri River valley
Kenneth McKenzie (Manitoba politician) (1822–1911), rancher and politician in Manitoba, Canada
Kenneth W. MacKenzie (1862–1929), mayor of Edmonton, Alberta, Canada
Kenneth Mackenzie, 7th of Kintail (died 1492), chief of the Clan Mackenzie
Kenneth Mackenzie, 8th of Kintail (died c.1498/99), Highland chief
Kenneth Mackenzie, 10th of Kintail (died 1568), chief of the Clan Mackenzie
Kenneth Mackenzie, 1st Lord Mackenzie of Kintail (c. 1569–1611), first Lord Mackenzie of Kintail
Kenneth Mackenzie, 3rd Earl of Seaforth (1635–1678), Highland clan chief and Scottish nobleman
Kenneth Mackenzie, 4th Earl of Seaforth (1661–1701), Scottish peer and Jacobite supporter
Kenneth Mackenzie, 1st Earl of Seaforth (1744–1781) (of the second creation), British Member of Parliament for Buteshire and Caithness
Kenneth D. Mackenzie (born 1937), American management consultant
Kenneth Muir Mackenzie, 1st Baron Muir Mackenzie (1845–1930), British barrister, civil servant and Labour politician
Kenneth R. H. Mackenzie (1833–1886), translated the German tale Till Eulenspiegel into English as Master Tyll Owlglass: His Marvellous Adventures and Rare Conceits (1860)
Kenneth Mackenzie, Lord Fortrose (1717–1761), British Member of Parliament for Ross-shire and Inverness Burghs
Sir Kenneth Mackenzie, 3rd Baronet (c. 1658–1728), British Member of Parliament for Cromartyshire and Nairnshire
Sir Kenneth Mackenzie, 6th Baronet (1832–1900), British diplomat and landowner
Kenneth Kent Mackenzie (1877–1934), lawyer and amateur botanist
Kenneth Mackenzie (missionary) (1920–1971), minister of the Church of Scotland and missionary in Central Africa
Kenneth N. MacKenzie (1897–1951), officer in the merchant fleet known for his role in Antarctic research expeditions
John Kenneth MacKenzie (1850–1888), known as J. Kenneth MacKenzie, British medical missionary in China
Kenneth James Muir MacKenzie, British soldier, lawyer, and judge
See also
Ken McKenzie (disambiguation)
Ken MacKenzie (baseball) (born 1934), Canadian Major League Baseball pitcher
Ken MacKenzie (businessman) (born 1964), Canadian-born businessman and Chairman of BHP
Hoseynabad-e Jadid () may refer to:
Hoseynabad-e Jadid, Darab, Fars Province
Hoseynabad-e Jadid, Anbarabad, Kerman Province
Hoseynabad-e Jadid, Zarand, Kerman Province
Hoseynabad-e Jadid, Razavi Khorasan
The 1867 Manhattan earthquake struck Riley County, Kansas, in the United States on April 24, 1867, at 20:22 UTC, or about . The strongest earthquake to originate in the state, it measured 5.1 on a seismic scale that is based on an isoseismal map or the event's felt area. The earthquake's epicenter was near the town of Manhattan.
The earthquake had a maximum perceived intensity of VII (Very strong) on the Mercalli intensity scale. It caused minor damage, reports of which were confined to Kansas, Iowa, and Missouri, according to the United States Geological Survey. Felt over an area of , the earthquake reached the states of Indiana, Illinois, and possibly Ohio, though the latter reports have been questioned.
Manhattan is near the Nemaha Ridge, a long anticline structure that is bounded by several faults. The nearby in particular poses a threat to the city. Kansas is not known for earthquake activity, but an earthquake could occur at any time. A 2016 hazard map from the United States Geological Survey estimated a 1% or lower risk for a major earthquake in Kansas for the following year, though scientists from the agency think an earthquake of magnitude 7.0 remains possible.
Background and geography
The earthquake's epicenter was near Manhattan, Kansas, a town just off the confluence of the Kansas River and the . Manhattan lies near the Nemaha Ridge, an anticline and 300‑million-year-old Precambrian granite range bounded by faults, which likely produced the earthquake. It hosts the , which, in addition to serving as the range's easternmost boundary, has produced a large portion of the state's earthquakes. A normal, or dip-slip fault, it is responsible for at least several small tremors smaller than magnitude 2.7 each year. The fault cuts through Permian rock. Despite being previously thought to be a simple, Precambrian structure, according to the Geological Society of America, it may be a complex fault.
The Nemaha Range lies roughly east of the Midcontinent rift, which forms a layer of basaltic rock about 1.1 billion years old. This rift extends northward to Lake Superior and the surrounding area and southward to Kansas, then terminates abruptly. Also present in the state is the Central Kansas Uplift, the faults of which produced several small earthquakes during the late 1980s. According to the United States Geological Survey geophysicist Don Steeples, earthquakes at the Humboldt Zone have decreased, and activity at the Uplift was increasing as of the 1980s.
Felt over an area of , with other sources listing the felt area as or , the 1867 earthquake followed the Midcontinent seismic trend: unlike coastal earthquakes in the United States, events in the central and east-central sectors of the country are spread out over extensive areas. This occurs as a result of the region's stiff soil, and because earthquakes in Kansas tend to occur at a shallow depth. The 1867 Manhattan earthquake remains the largest earthquake to originate in the state, though at least 25 have taken place since, including another powerful earthquake north of Manhattan in Pottawatomie County. In 2016, a magnitude 5.1 earthquake with an epicenter in Oklahoma shook the Manhattan area. According to a report in the Bulletin of the Seismological Society of America, the frequency of moderately strong earthquakes within the state is between 40 and 45 years. One study found that between December 1977 and June 1989, more than 100 earthquakes were recognized by a seismograph network. All were between 4.0 and 0.8 on the Richter magnitude scale.
Damage and casualties
Originating at 20:22 UTC, or around 2:30 local time, the earthquake was assigned a maximum Mercalli intensity scale of VII, considered "very strong". Minor damage occurred throughout the geographical region, including 22 counties in Kansas, and injuries were reported as well. The earthquake fractured walls, downed chimneys, and otherwise damaged structures, even loosening stones. Within the epicentral area near Manhattan, clocks stopped, people felt electrical shocks and inhabitants were frightened. The following day, an aftershock occurred between 3 and 4 a.m. Damage within Manhattan and a number of other communities may have been exacerbated by their location within alluvial valleys.
At a farm south of the city of Wamego, the earthquake caused liquefaction of the ground. To the north of Wamego, in the city of Louisville, the earthquake knocked over horses. In both Louisville and the city of Leavenworth, chimneys fell; in Paola, the earthquake destroyed one wall of a large Republican newspaper office building. Waves were observed on the Kansas River, reaching in height. The city of Atchison felt two shocks, which felled lamps and bottles at a drug store, rocked buildings, and disrupted water flow in rivers and creeks. Though no buildings in the city sustained damage, people fled into the streets.
In Emporia, the earthquake was accompanied by a low rumbling sound, windows rattled, and small boxes were thrown off of shelves as people fled buildings. The city's brick and stone houses sustained more damage than framed homes. The city of Fort Scott only experienced trembling, whereas Iola had houses and tableware shake. In Holton, items were knocked off shelves, and buildings shook. Residents of Irving also heard rumbling prior to the earthquake, experiencing severe tremors that lasted 30 seconds, while buildings in Junction City shook violently, moving several inches. In Kansas City, tables moved, walls cracked, water spilled from glasses, plaster cracked, and the shaking caused general panic.
The city of Lawrence felt three earthquakes within 30 seconds, with violent shaking of doors and windows, broken plaster, a rumbling noise, stones knocked off a local church, rattling of silverware and glassware, and the overturning of a stove in one home. Similarly, in the city of Leavenworth, three shocks were felt over 30 seconds. In Leavenworth, a man was knocked off a hayload, a rumbling noise was heard, and clocks stopped. Moreover, saws leaning against walls were moved , plaster at one home cracked for the entire length of the house's ceiling, and one woman experienced an electrical shock from spring water. In the city of Lecompton, one of the buildings at Lane University shook, and a high school in the city of Marysville also shook violently.
Within Montgomery County, people in moving vehicles did not feel the earthquake. Houses shook in Mound City, Ottawa, and Olathe, as well as in the city of Oskaloosa, where the cupola (a relatively small, most often dome-like, tall structure) of a new school wobbled. In Paola, people standing were nearly knocked over during the earthquake. A train on the Pacific Railroad in Solomon shook violently, and was stopped and evacuated out of fear that its boiler would explode. In Topeka, the capital city of Kansas, the ceiling of a Methodist church was bent, and nearly all of the windows in one schoolhouse were destroyed. Two shocks were felt in the city of White Cloud, and sleeping people were awakened in .
Reports from the states of Iowa and Missouri, including descriptions of fallen plaster in Dubuque, shaking of buildings and people in rocking chairs in Des Moines, and fallen and cracked plaster in Chillicothe, complement additional reports of fallen plaster and roof shingles, damaged wells, and cracked walls. Other events reported in Dubuque included three shocks, which caused vibration of gas burners; general panic among residents; rattling of windows; shaking of chairs, cases holding newspapers, and windows; and holes in brick walls. In the city of St. Joseph in Missouri, the windows broke, women fainted, and a rumbling noise could be heard. Within the city, a new school building's brick walls cracked several feet above the ground as people fled into the streets. In Warrensburg, Missouri, the walls of a church shook, but there was no damage. The earthquake also extended into the states of Indiana and Illinois, according to the , and a questionable report came from Carthage in Ohio that a segment of the ground, in area, sunk by , forming a perpendicular wall deep on each of its sides.
A series of articles published by the Chicago Tribune describes the extent of the damage throughout the state of Kansas. The article "At Kansas City" details that the earthquake jolted homes with a sudden burst, giving off a resonating roar like thunder. The Tribune observed in its article "At Leavenworth, Kansas" that the earthquake was completely unexpected, describing the event as "[...] sudden in its coming and departure." It confirmed that earthquakes were not common in earlier times and stated that "all were more or less startled, and, indeed, frightened."
Future threats
Although Kansas is not seismically active, a strong earthquake could pose significant threats to the state. If an earthquake were to occur, it would likely be along the Nemaha Ridge, which is still active. The Humboldt Fault Zone, just off the Ridge, lies just east of the near Manhattan. An earthquake there would likely destroy the dam, releasing of water per second and flooding the nearby area, which would threaten roughly 13,000 people and 5,900 homes. The United States Army Corps of Engineers concluded that a moderate earthquake "between 5.7 and 6.6 would cause sand underneath the dam to liquefy into quicksand, causing the dam to spread out and the top to drop up to three feet." A large earthquake would spawn gaps, forcing water to leak and eventually cause the dam to collapse. Earthquakes that could pose a threat to the dam occur on a cycle of roughly 1,800 years. To counter this threat, the Corps of Engineers has galvanized an effort to strengthen the dam. Replacing the sand (which could shift during an earthquake) with more than 350 walls, the group has equipped the dam with sensors, which are connected to alarms that would alert nearby citizens to the earthquake.
More than 500 earthquakes have been measured in the state since 2013, contributing to the reactivation of ancient fault lines. In 2016, the United States Geological Survey made hazard maps for the state, determining a 1% or lower risk of a major earthquake within the next year. Because Sedgwick County and Wichita could both potentially experience shaking from earthquakes that could not be withstood according to existing building codes, officials in the area proposed changing building codes to meet perceived hazards. Scientists at the United States Geological Survey think an earthquake with a magnitude of 7.0 remains possible, possibly originating from the Nemaha Ridge where the Manhattan quake was produced.
See also
List of earthquakes in the United States
List of historical earthquakes
References
Sources
1867 in Kansas
1867 earthquakes
Earthquakes in Kansas
April 1867 events
Riley County, Kansas
1867 earthquake
1867 natural disasters in the United States
Natural disasters in Missouri
Colomastigidae is a family of amphipods belonging to the order Amphipoda.
Genera:
Colomastix Grube, 1861
Yulumara Barnard, 1972
References
Amphipoda
Wyoming Highway 51 (WYO 51) is a long east-west Wyoming state highway located in Campbell and Crook Counties, between Gillette and Moorcroft.
Route description
Wyoming Highway 51 travels from the eastern outskirts of Gillette at an interchange with I-90/US 14/US 16 (Exit 128) and the eastern terminus of I-90 BUS east to the town of Moorcroft. Highway 51 travels east, passing through the communities of Wyodak and Rozet, south of the Campbell County fairgrounds , coal mines, and south of Wyodak power plant. Wyoming 51 is the old alignment for US 14/US 16; and for most of its length closely parallels Interstate 90 which carries US 14/US 16. WYO 51 comes to an end at just under 25 miles at US 14/US 16/I-90 BUS.
WYO 51 is signed as a secondary state highway, but not marked from the Interstate 90 interchanges like most secondary state highway frontage roads.
History
Wyoming Highway 51 is the original alignment of US Route 14 and US Route 16. With the construction of Interstate 90, US 14 and US 16 were realigned onto that highway.
Major intersections
See also
References
Official 2003 State Highway Map of Wyoming
External links
Wyoming State Routes 000-099
WYO 51 - I-90 Bus/US 14/US 16 to I-90/I-90 Bus/US 14/US 16
City of Gillette website
Town of Moorcroft website
Campbell County Fair
Transportation in Campbell County, Wyoming
Transportation in Crook County, Wyoming
051
U.S. Route 14
U.S. Route 16
Athletics competitions at the 2011 ALBA Games were held at the Polideportivo Máximo Viloria in Barquisimeto, Venezuela, between July 27-30, 2011.
A total of 43 events were contested, 22 by men and 21 by women.
Medal summary
Medal winners and complete results were published. Some wind info was retrieved.
Men
Women
Medal table
The medal table was published.
Participation (unofficial)
An unofficial count yields the participation of athletes from the following 11 countries:
References
Athletics at the ALBA Games
International athletics competitions hosted by Venezuela
2011 in athletics (track and field)
2011 in Venezuelan sport
Aberford is a village and civil parish on the eastern outskirts of the City of Leeds metropolitan borough in West Yorkshire, England. It had a population of 1,059 at the 2001 census, increasing to 1,180 at the 2011 Census. It is situated east, north east of Leeds city centre in the LS25 Leeds postcode area.
Etymology
The name 'Aberford' comes from the Old English woman's name Ēadburg and ford, which, then as now, meant 'ford'. The name meant 'Eadburg's ford'. This suggests the settlement's once-strategic importance. The name was recorded as Ædburford in 1176 and Ædburgford in 1177, Ebberford in the 13th century and Aberford from 1208.
History
Aberford was where the ancient Great North Road crossed over the Cock River (now reduced in volume as the Cock Beck). Aberford was the midway point between London and Edinburgh, being around distant from each city until the construction of the A1(M) motorway bypass starting at Hook Moor. On the north side of the river the Aberford Dykes earthworks were constructed to defend the crossing. The buried remains of a Roman fort have been found beneath Aberford House. The current bridge dates from the 18th century.
Aberford was in the ancient Kingdom of Elmet, the name given to the local parliamentary constituency. An Anglo-Saxon gold ring, inscribed with the name of King Alfred the Great's sister Æthelswith, was found in a ploughed field near the village in 1870. It was bequeathed by A.W. Franks to the British Museum in 1897. In the 17th century the village was a major place for the manufacture of pins.
Aberford's growth has historically been along the road and the village has developed a linear rather than nucleated profile. Since the early 1990s much new housing has been constructed, as increasing affluence allows people to move away from city centres to rural and suburban areas.
Geology
Geologically, Aberford lies slightly east of the narrow basal sandstone boundary between the central Leeds' Coal Measures and much harder magnesian limestone deposits, and sits in an area shaped heavily by subsidence of the underlying Coal Measures.
Buildings
Aberford is considered "a place of special architectural and historic interest". Some notable buildings are:
St Ricarius Church. The parish church is an 1861 rebuilding of a 12th-century one.
The Gascoigne Almshouses designed by George Fowler Jones was built by sisters Mary Isabella and Elizabeth Gascoigne in 1844 to commemorate their father, Richard Oliver Gascoigne and two brothers who died in quick succession. They are grade II* listed buildings.
Aberford House is a classical 18th century mansion on Main Street.
The Swan Hotel, previously a staging post used by those travelling the Great North Road.
The Arabian Horse Inn is one of a very few public houses in the UK with this name, and a landmark with the conservation area.
Aberford Church of England primary School is affiliated with the parish church adjacent to it. The school was originally a tithe barn and is owned by the Archdeacon of York following its transfer from the Vicar of Aberford. Previously, it and much of the village was owned by Oriel College, Oxford, which also received tithes from Aberford. At the northern boundary is the A64 road from Leeds to York and Scarborough. At the south end of Aberford is what used to be Hicklam Mill Farm now a small certified caravan and camping site.
Parlington Estate
The Parlington Estate holds a monument to the independence of the United States, built by Sir Thomas Gascoigne, last of the Gascoigne family bloodline. It is inscribed on both elevations with the phrase "Liberty in N.America Triumphant MDCCLXXXIII". The 'Dark Arch', a short curved tunnel along Parlington Lane is reputed to be haunted. It was built to shield the residents of Parlington Hall from traffic passing along Parlington Lane, mostly horse drawn coal traffic on its way to the village distribution point for onward travel into the local market.
The lane was later developed for the private Aberford Railway commonly called the "Fly Line" to transport the coal from the Gascoigne's pits to Garforth. The railway closed in 1924. Parlington Hall was left to run to ruins after the death of Col F. C. T. Gascoigne in 1905, the hall was largely demolished in the 1950s and 1960s, though the west wing is still intact. The estate was used by the army during the First and Second World Wars. The structures, built during the Second World War and still in existence (2009), were constructed by the soldiers of No.3 Vehicle Repair Depot, part of Royal Army Ordnance Corps.
Nellie's Tree is a local landmark that was voted English and British Tree of the Year for 2018.
Gallery
Location grid
See also
Listed buildings in Aberford
References
Sources
External links
Aberford community website with local news and parish council information
A comprehensive History of Parlington Hall, and features associated with the hall like the Ice House, the Dark Arch and the Triumphal Arch.'
Leeds's geology
Aberford C of E School
Roman Roads in Britain (large map, recommended that this is opened in a separate window)
Details on the Great North Road
The Aberford Railway (Fly Line), at the LNER Encyclopedia
Photos of Aberford and surrounding area on geograph
Leodis View photographs of Aberford on the Leeds photographic archive.
Villages in West Yorkshire
Places in Leeds
Civil parishes in West Yorkshire
The 1987 Grand Prix d'Automne was the 81st edition of the Paris–Tours cycle race and was held on 11 October 1987. The race started in Créteil and finished in Chaville. The race was won by Adri van der Poel of the PDM team.
General classification
References
1987 in French sport
1987
1987 Super Prestige Pernod International
Cuthbert is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Alan Cuthbert, a member of the Royal Company of Archers
Alan William Cuthbert (1932–2016), a British pharmacologist and fellow of University College London
Alfred Cuthbert (1785–1856), United States Representative and Senator from Georgia
Betty Cuthbert (1938–2017), Australian athlete
Charles Cuthbert, American architect of Kansas
Cheslor Cuthbert, baseball player
Chris Cuthbert (born 1957), Canadian sportscaster
Dylan Cuthbert, British programmer
Elisha Cuthbert (born 1982), Canadian actress
Erin Cuthbert (born 1998), Scottish footballer
Frederick Alexander Cuthbert (1902-1978), Landscape Architect
Grace Cuthbert MBE (1900 – 1988), Australian doctor and Director of Maternal and Baby Welfare
Jack Cuthbert (born 1987), English rugby union player
Jeffrey Cuthbert (born 1948), Welsh politician, member of the National Assembly of Wales
John Cuthbert (Royal Navy officer) (1902-1987), vice admiral
Josh Cuthbert, English singer (Union J)
Juliet Cuthbert (born 1964), Jamaican runner, primarily in the sprints
Mike Cuthbert, host of AARP's Prime-Time Radio show
Ross Cuthbert (politician) (1776–1861), Canadian writer, lawyer and politician
Scott Cuthbert (born 1987), Scottish footballer
Fictional characters:
Marilla and Matthew Cuthbert, from Anne of Green Gables
Mauritius sent a delegation to compete at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7–18 September 2016. This was the fifth time the country had taken part in a Paralympic Games after its debut at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. The Mauritian delegation to Rio de Janeiro consisted of two athletes: wheelchair racer Brandy Perrine and short-distance swimmer Scody Victor. The nation's best result was tenth overall by Perrine in the women's 100 metres T54 event as both competitors did not progress to the final in their respective competitions.
Background
Mauritius first joined the Paralympic movement at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States. They missed the 2000 Summer Paralympics, then returned for the 2004 Athens Paralympics and have competed at every Summer Paralympic Games since. Thus, these Rio de Janeiro Paralympics were Mauritius' fifth appearance at a Summer Paralympiad. The 2016 Summer Paralympics were held from 7–18 September 2016 with a total of 4,328 athletes representing 159 National Paralympic Committees taking part. The country sent a delegation of two athletes to Rio de Janeiro: wheelchair racer Brandy Perrine and short-distance swimmer Scody Victor. They were joined by chef de mission Reynolds Permal and coaches Sanjay Bookun and Édouard Ah Piang. Victor was chosen as the flag bearer for the parade of nations during the opening ceremony.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Athletics
Brandy Perrine was 18 years old at the time of the Rio Summer Paralympics, and was making her debut at the Paralympic Games. She was born with a condition that has impaired the muscle power in both of her knees and is classified as T54. Perrine uses a wheelchair to compete. She qualified for Games because her time of 18.89 seconds at the Berlin Open Grand Prix 2016 was 0.01 seconds below the "B" qualifying standard for the women's 100 metres T54 event. Her participation at the Berlin Open Grand Prix served as preparation for the Paralympics and she also attended the IPC Athletics Grand Prix Final in London the week after. Perrine set herself the target of lowering her personal best and she said she was confident for her event. On 8 September, she participated in the heats of the women's 100 metres T54, and was assigned to the second heat. Perrine completed the race with a new national record time of 18:09 seconds, fifth out of six in her heat, and her competition came to a conclusion because only the top eight runners advanced to the next stage of the competition and she was tenth overall.
Women's Track
Swimming
Scody Victor, a veteran of the 2012 Summer Paralympics, was 27 years old at the time of the Rio Summer Games. He is classified as S9 because he has a limb deficiency and he uses prosthetic legs to aid in his mobility. The Bipartite Commission invited Victor to partake at the Rio de Janeiro Paralympics. He took part in competitions organised by the Mauritian Swimming Federation to prepare for the Games. Victor said before the Paralympics that he was happy to be in Rio de Janeiro and stated that he did not put pressure on himself, "I have lowered the pace of my training since yesterday, so I can recover enough for the competition. I do not know my opponents yet, but I will give everything in the pool to improve my time and qualify for the final." In the heats of the men's 100 metres freestyle S9 on 12 September, he was drawn into heat two. Victor finished the heat seventh and last of all swimmers with a time of one minute and 15.15 seconds. Only the top eight overall fastest swimmers could progress to the final, and he was eliminated because he was 20th overall.
Men
See also
Mauritius at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
Para
The Naypyidaw Development Committee (; abbreviated NPTDC) is the administrative body of Naypyidaw, the administrative capital of Myanmar (Burma). NPTDC is separate from the Naypyidaw Council.
History
NPTDC was established by the State Peace and Development Council, under the Nay Pyi Taw Development Law, which was issued on 29 December 2009. Consisting of 5 to 9 members, it is led by a Chairman who acts as the Mayor, and a Vice-Chairman who acts as the Vice-Mayor.
See also
Naypyidaw
Mandalay City Development Committee
Yangon City Development Committee
Myanmar International Convention Centre 2
References
External links
Official website
Government agencies of Myanmar
Naypyidaw
Sergei Khoroshun (born June 27, 1980) is a Russian professional ice hockey goaltender playing for Epinal Hockey Club of the FFHG Division 1.
Khoroshun previously played in the Kontinental Hockey League for HC Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk and Vityaz Chekov. He also played one game for Dinamo-Energija Yekaterinburg in the Russian Superleague. He also played in the Tipsport Liga for HC '05 Banská Bystrica and the Ligue Magnus for Aigles de Nice.
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
Les Aigles de Nice players
Avtomobilist Yekaterinburg players
HC '05 Banská Bystrica players
HC Berkut players
Dauphins d'Épinal players
Dizel Penza players
Kristall Saratov players
Krylya Sovetov Moscow players
HC Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk players
Rubin Tyumen players
Russian ice hockey goaltenders
Sportspeople from Yekaterinburg
Torpedo Nizhny Novgorod players
THK Tver players
HC Vityaz players
Ion Moraru (9 March 1929 – 9 October 2019) was a Moldovan activist and author. He was a founder of the anti-Soviet group Sabia Dreptății and a political prisoner in the Soviet Union.
Biography
Moraru was born in Mîndîc. Ion Moraru and Petre Lungu were the founders of Sabia Dreptății in Bălți. This anti-Soviet armed resistance group was active in Bălți during the Stalinist era. "Sabia Dreptății" was discovered by the NKVD in 1947, based at the Pedagogical Lycée (former Ion Creangă Lycée) in Bălţi. For one year, Ion Moraru was imprisoned in the same camp at Ekibastuz with Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn.
Ion Moraru later became a well-known anti-communist in Bessarabia (now the Republic of Moldova).
He was a member of the Christian-Democratic People's Party (Moldova).
Works
Pustiirea, 2005
Treptele infernului, 2007
Bibliography
Elena Postică, "Sabia dreptăţii", în Ţara, 1995, 19, 26 ianuarie
References
External links
Moş Ion de la Mândâc a împlinit 80
Fostul deţinut politic Ion Moraru din satul Mândâc a lansat al doilea volum de memorii
Organizatia anti-sovietica "Sabia Dreptatii"
La Chisinau a fost lansata ieri cartea lui Ion Moraru "Pustiirea"
1929 births
2019 deaths
People from Drochia District
Popular Front of Moldova politicians
Moldovan activists
Moldovan anti-communists
History of Bălți
Christian writers
Prison writings
Moldovan writers
Moldovan male writers
Moldovan prisoners and detainees
Soviet dissidents
Soviet prisoners and detainees
A.C. Milan got back to the level at which it had performed in consecutive seasons between 1992 and 1994, resulting in the domestic league title. It had reacted to its unexpected fall from grace in 1994-95 with signing George Weah and Roberto Baggio for the attack. Despite Baggio not performing at his customary Juventus level, a tight defence landed the title for the Milanese club.
Following the season, Fabio Capello eventually left the club in order to join Spanish La Liga giants Real Madrid as a new manager.
Squad
Transfers
Winter
Spring
Competitions
Serie A
League table
Results by round
Matches
Coppa Italia
Round of 32
Eightfinals
Quarterfinals
UEFA Cup
First round
Second round
Eightfinals
Quarterfinals
Statistics
Players statistics
Top scorers
George Weah 11
Marco Simone 8
Roberto Baggio 7
Dejan Savićević 6
Christian Panucci 5
Paolo Di Canio 5
References
Sources
RSSSF - Italy 1995/96
A.C. Milan seasons
Milan
1996
The women's javelin throw at the 1974 European Athletics Championships was held in Rome, Italy, at Stadio Olimpico on 2 and 3 September 1974.
Medalists
Results
Final
3 September
Qualification
2 September
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 19 athletes from 13 countries participated in the event.
(1)
(1)
(1)
(3)
(1)
(1)
(2)
(2)
(2)
(2)
(1)
(1)
(1)
References
Javelin throw
Javelin throw at the European Athletics Championships
1974 in women's athletics
Thomas Sopwith FRS (3 January 1803 – 16 January 1879) was an English mining engineer, teacher of geology and local historian.
Early life
The son of Jacob Sopwith (1770–1829), by his wife Isabella, daughter of Matthew Lowes, Thomas was born at Newcastle-upon-Tyne. His father was a builder and cabinet-maker; Sopwith maintained links with the family furniture and joinery business throughout his life. Initially an illustrator of antiquities, he then took up land and mineral surveying, and subsequently described himself as a civil engineer. He invented, and the family firm manufactured, an ingenious type of desk with all its drawers secured by a single lock, the 'monocleid', which won a prize at the 1851 Exhibition; an improved levelling stave; and wooden geological teaching models.
Career
Mining engineer
In 1824 Sopwith completed an apprenticeship with his father, and took employment as a surveyor. He worked closely with Richard Grainger in the redevelopment of Newcastle Upon Tyne. He worked with Joseph Dickinson of Alston, Cumbria, on a survey of the lead mines in the area owned by Greenwich Hospital. He later built up contacts in London, especially in the area of geology, where he became a fellow of the Geological Society (and its more exclusive Geological Club) in 1835, sponsored by John Phillips.
Sopwith advocated the collection of mine surveys; he was associated in a Northumbrian survey with William Smith, and he was instrumental, after the meeting of the British Association in 1838, in inducing the government to found the Mining Record Office. In the same year he made a mining survey in County Clare in Ireland.
From 1845, Sopwith was based in Allenheads, Northumberland, where he was agent for W.B. Lead Mines (the Blackett-Beaumont Company). He kept the position until his retirement in 1871.
Railway engineer
Sopwith became a railway surveyor, working on commissions. This included being commissioned to work on a central Newcastle station project with Richard Grainger (see plan right). He became involved with George Stephenson and Sir William Cubitt creating the French railway network.
In 1843 he was employed on the development of railways in Belgium. For the Sambre-Meuse line he did preliminary surveys, and then accompanied George Stephenson, by then retired, on an inspection visit. The result was that the Belgian de Grandvoir constructed the line, supervised by Robert Stephenson. Sopwith had called attention to the scientific importance of recording the geological features exposed in the cuttings of railways; and the British Association, at his initiative, made a grant in 1840 for the purpose.
Teaching models
Sopwith was an early user of 3-dimensional models both for practical illustration of regional geology (Forest of Dean; Ebbw Vale; Nentsberry) and for teaching, for which he produced sets (as recommended by Charles Lyell in his 1841 Elements of Geology). He also took advice from William Buckland about what structures would be useful. Different coloured woods represented the different types of rock.
Personal life
Sopwith married three times: first, Mary Dickenson in 1828, who died in 1829; secondly, Jane Scott in 1831, who died in 1855; and thirdly, Anne Potter in 1858.
Among his eight children were:
Jacob Sopwith, who died at the age of 19 after travelling to India with the Army under a false name.
Ursula Sopwith, who married David Chadwick, M.P. on 11 June 1878
Thomas Sopwith, a civil engineer and manager of a lead mining company in Linares in Spain. His children included:
Olive Sopwith, who married South African mining magnate Jack Barnato Joel in 1907.
Thomas Sopwith, founder of the Sopwith Aviation Company.
Anna Sopwith, who married Sir William Shelford, K.C.M.G.
Arthur Sopwith, who married William Shelford's sister Catherine and had four children, including clergyman Karl Sopwith.
Sopwith died in London and was buried at West Norwood Cemetery where there is a "Sopwith Path".
Awards and honours
Sopwith was elected a member or a fellow of many learned societies, including the Royal Society, the Athenaeum Club, the Geological Societies of England and France, the Institution of Civil Engineers, the Royal Institution, the Royal Geographical Society, the British Association for the Advancement of Science, the Society of Arts, the Royal Meteorological Society, the Statistical Society of London and the Archaeological Institute and Archaeological Association.
He was awarded the Telford Silver Medal by the Institute of Civil Engineers in 1842 and elected the fifth President of the Royal Meteorological Society in 1859.
He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1845. His candidature citation read: Thomas Sopwith Esq FGS London, Memb Inst CE and Member of the Geological Society of France, Civil Engineer [of] St Marys Terrace Newcastle on Tyne. The Author of a Treatise on Isometric Drawing. The Inventor or improver of Methods of representing Mineral structure by dissected Models.
Works
In 1826 Sopwith published A Historical and Descriptive Account of All Saints' Church in Newcastle-upon-Tyne (Newcastle). He later wrote a book on the Alston mining area, and two editions (1834, 1838) of a treatise on the use of the isometric projection for drawing surveys. He also made the case for mining records in book form.
Diaries
Sopwith wrote detailed diaries spanning the 57 years 1821–1878, recording daily events in his professional and personal life. He travelled widely, first by coach, then on the railways, and kept records of the times, prices, and conditions of travel in his diaries. His diaries also provide accounts of his meeting with people who were, or became, significant such as Charles Babbage, Charles Darwin and John Ruskin. The diaries are now held in the Special Collections at Newcastle University Library. Contemporaries also considered that Sopwith had substantial artistic ability, including as a cartoonist, although few of his drawings now survive.
Other works
Eight Views of Fountains Abbey … with Description, Newcastle, 1832.
Description of Monocleid Writing Cabinets, Newcastle, 1841?.
An Account of the Museum of Economic Geology, London, 1843.
Education: its Present State and Future Advancement, Newcastle, 1853.
Notes of a Visit to Egypt, London, 1857.
Notes of a Visit to France and Spain, Hexham, 1865.
Education in Village Schools, London, 1868.
Three Weeks in Central Europe, London, 1869.
References
Attribution
1803 births
1879 deaths
Burials at West Norwood Cemetery
English engineers
Fellows of the Royal Society
People from Newcastle upon Tyne
Presidents of the Royal Meteorological Society
Jesus Ernesto Gonzales Jr (born October 3, 1984) is a Mexican-American former professional boxer. Gonzales was the NABF and IBF North American Super Middleweight Champion. Gonzales was considered by boxing critics to be one of the top amateur medal contenders for the United States in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Amateur career
Gonzales' decorated amateur career includes wins over 2004 Olympic Gold Medalist and later WBA World Super Middleweight Champion Andre Ward; WBO Light Middleweight Champion Alfredo Angulo; IBA Intercontinental Light Middleweight champion Sechew Powell; and an astonishing four wins over former WBC Welterweight Champion Andre Berto.
In addition, Gonzales won the National Boxing Championship in the middleweight division in 2002, including the Outstanding Boxer Award.
Professional career
Widely considered to be America's top medal contender for the 2004 Olympic Games, Gonzales stunned fans on June 12, 2003 when he decided to bypass the games and turn pro at the age of 18. Signing to Top Rank under promoter Bob Arum for $30,000, with another $30,000 from manager Cameron Dunkin. Gonzales was touted as the next Oscar De La Hoya. Over the next two years Gonzales fought 17 fights including two of the fastest knockouts in the history of boxing: 16 seconds over Josh Peters and 17 seconds over Bobby Green while climbing to a 17-0 record.
Against the advice of his trainer/father on September 17, 2005 Gonzales became one of the youngest fighters ever (age 20) to fight for the Vacant IBC Middleweight Title. Gonzales suffered an eighth round knockout by former IBC Middleweight Champion José Luis Zertuche.
After this crucial fight, Top Rank's Peter McKinn climbed into the ring and had a short conversation with Jesus' trainer/father Ernie Gonzales Sr. That conversation ended with Ernie Gonzales Sr. delivering a left hook to the side of McKinn's face.
Jesus was unable to get a fight for nearly a year but had vowed to avenge his loss. He finally got the opportunity August 18, 2005 against Fernando Vela. Six victories later, Jesús found himself fighting for the Interim WBC Continental Americas Light Middleweight title on May 1, 2008. With a 12 round unanimous decision, Jesus became the WBC Continental Americas Light Middleweight Champion at the age of 22 with a record of 24-1.
Several weeks later, Jesus signed his second contract with Star Boxing in New York. With Star holding the rights to Jesus over his head and refusing to pay him, Jesus was forced into a two-year hiatus. For the second time in his career, his climb to the top was shattered over a bad contract and Jesus was forced to resign his WBC Continental Americas Light Middleweight title because of non-defense. Crushed and struggling to support his son, Jesús was forced to take a security job at a local high school to make ends meet.
Gonzales was discovered by Fan Base promotions while they were on a trip to Arizona to train one of their prized Canadian fighters. He was at a local gym tearing up the speed bag and Fan Base immediately noticed his outstanding talent. Fan Base put up the money and legal team to release Gonzales from his Star contract and immediately got him a fight in Canada against top Canadian contender Jason Naugler. After TKO'ing Naugler in the second round, Jesús was granted an opportunity to fight for the IBF N. American Super Middleweight Title in his hometown of Phoenix, Arizona.
In March 2011, Jesus defeated Dhafir Smith in a unanimous decision to become the IBF North American Super Middleweight Champion. He was only 26 years old then and vowed not to stop until he achieved a World Title.
NABF Super Middleweight Championship
Jesus became the new NABF Super Middleweight Champion, by beating tough veteran Francisco Sierra on July 8, 2011 at US Airways Center in Phoenix, Arizona. This bout was televised on ESPN2. In the fight there were two knockdowns, one by each fighter. Gonzales was named the winner by unanimous decision after 12 rounds.
IBF Inter-Continental Super Middleweight Championship
In 2012, Adonis Stevenson brutally knocked out González in the first round with his signature straight left hand. The knock out was a candidate for KO of the year by Ring Magazine. Prior to the fight, González famously had exposed Stevenson's criminal past. This would turn out to be González last ever fight.
Professional record
|- style="margin:0.5em auto; font-size:95%;"
|align="center" colspan=8|27 Wins (14 knockouts), 2 Losses, 0 Draws
|- style="margin:0.5em auto; font-size:95%;"
|align=center style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Res.
|align=center style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Record
|align=center style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Opponent
|align=center style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Type
|align=center style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Rd., Time
|align=center style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Date
|align=center style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Venue and Location
|align=center style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Notes
|-align=center
|-align=center
|Loss || 27-2||align=left|Adonis Stevenson
|KO || 1 , (1:39) || February 18, 2012 ||align=left|Bell Centre, Canada
|align=left|For vacant IBF Inter-Continental
|-align=center
|Win || 27-1 ||align=left|Francisco Sierra
|UD || 12 || July 8, 2011 ||align=left|US Airways Center, Phoenix, Arizona
|align=left|Won NABF super middleweight title
|-align=center
|Win|| 26-1||align=left|Dhafir Smith
|UD || 12 || March 15, 2011 ||align=left|Celebrity Theatre, Phoenix, Arizona
|align=left|Won IBF North American super middleweight title
|-align=center
|Win|| 25-1||align=left|Jason Naugler
|TKO || 2 , (3:00) || ||align=left|Commonwealth Center, Calgary, Alberta, Canada
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win || 24-1||align=left|Durrell Richardson
|UD || 12 || May 1, 2008 ||align=left|Arena Theatre, Houston, Texas
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win || 23-1||align=left|Joshua Smith
|TKO || 2 , (2:16) || December 20, 2007 ||align=left|Convention Center, Pasadena, Texas
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win || 22-1 ||align=left|Anthony Greeley
|KO || 1 , (2:34) || June 9, 2007 ||align=left|Convention Center, Pasadena, Texas
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win || 21-1||align=left|Marcos Primera
|UD || 10 || January 20, 2007 ||align=left|Celebrity Theatre, Phoenix, Arizona
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win || 20-1 ||align=left|Darnell Boone
|UD || 8 || December 15, 2006 ||align=left|Grand Plaza Hotel, Houston, Texas
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win || 19-1 ||align=left|Ramon Espinoza
|TKO || 3 , (2:32) || September 22, 2006 ||align=left|Convention Center, Pasadena, Texas
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win || 18-1 ||align=left|Fernando Vela
|UD || 6 || August 18, 2006 ||align=left|Las Vegas Hilton, Las Vegas, Nevada
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Loss || 17-1-0 ||align=left|José Luis Zertuche
|TKO || 8 , (2:02) || September 17, 2005 ||align=left|America West Arena, Phoenix, Arizona
|align=left|For vacant IBC middleweight title
|-align=center
|Win || 17-0-0 ||align=left|Dumont Welliver
|UD || 8 || May 28, 2005 ||align=left|Staples Center, Los Angeles
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win || 16-0-0 ||align=left|Kendall Gould
|TKO || 4 , (0:10) || May 6, 2005 ||align=left|Fort McDowell Casino, Fountain Hills, Arizona
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win || 15-0-0 ||align=left|Chance Leggett
|UD || 8 || April 8, 2005 ||align=left|Fort McDowell Casino, Fountain Hills, Arizona
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win || 14-0-0 ||align=left|Alberto Mercedes
|UD || 8 || February 18, 2005 ||align=left|Fort McDowell Casino, Fountain Hills, Arizona
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win || 13-0-0 ||align=left|Abdias Castillo
|TKO || 2 , (1:36) || January 7, 2005 ||align=left|Veteran's Memorial Coliseum, Phoenix, Arizona
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win || 12-0-0 ||align=left|Jorge Garcia
|TKO || 4 , (2:05) || December 3, 2004 ||align=left|Entertainment Center, Laredo, Texas
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win || 11-0-0 ||align=left|Shay Mobley
|UD || 6 || August 27, 2004 ||align=left|Dodge Theater, Phoenix, Arizona
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win || 10-0-0 ||align=left|Chris Grays
|DQ || 4 , (1:36) || June 18, 2004 ||align=left|Dodge Theater, Phoenix, Arizona
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win || 9-0-0 ||align=left|Francisco Mendez
|UD || 6 || May 14, 2004 ||align=left|Dodge Theater, Phoenix, Arizona
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win || 8-0-0 ||align=left|Chris Grays
|UD || 6 || March 26, 2004 ||align=left|Dodge Theater, Phoenix, Arizona
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win || 7-0-0 ||align=left|Vincent Moses
|TKO || 4 , (1:39) || January 31, 2004 ||align=left|Dodge Theater, Phoenix, Arizona
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win || 6-0-0 ||align=left|Nathan Martin
|TKO || 4 , (2:09) || December 5, 2003 ||align=left|Dodge Theater, Phoenix, Arizona
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win || 5-0-0 ||align=left|Craig Oxley
|TKO || 1 , (2:51) || October 31, 2003 ||align=left|Park ‘N Swap, Phoenix, Arizona
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win || 4-0-0 ||align=left|Roy Smith
|TKO || 1 , (2:35) || October 17, 2003 ||align=left|Celebrity Theatre, Phoenix, Arizona
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win || 3-0-0 ||align=left|Bobby Green
|TKO || 1 , (0:17) || October 10, 2003 ||align=left|Desert Diamond Casino, Tucson, Arizona
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win || 2-0-0 ||align=left|Joshua Peters
|KO || 1 , (0:26) || October 4, 2003 ||align=left|Staples Center, Los Angeles
|align=left|
|-align=center
|Win || 1-0-0 ||align=left|Rawley Wilson
|KO || 1 , (0:59) || August 25, 2003 ||align=left|Celebrity Theatre, Phoenix, Arizona
|align=left|
|-align=center
References
External links
American boxers of Mexican descent
Boxers from Arizona
Sportspeople from Phoenix, Arizona
Winners of the United States Championship for amateur boxers
1984 births
Living people
American male boxers
Middleweight boxers
Antoine Drolet was a politician in Quebec, Canada and a Member of the National Assembly of Quebec (MNA).
Background
He was born in Donnacona, Quebec, on March 26, 1940, and was a Social Credit activist in the 1960s.
Political career
Drolet ran as a Ralliement national candidate in 1966 and finished third in the provincial district of Portneuf.
He ran as a candidate of the Ralliement créditiste in 1970 and won.
During his term of office, the party was plagued by internal divisions. While three MNAs remained loyal to Leader Camil Samson, Drolet and the rest of the caucus withdrew their support and appointed Armand Bois as temporary leader, until a leadership convention could determine a new leader.
Eventually, the Samson faction re-joined the party and Yvon Dupuis was chosen as leader. Drolet succeeded Aurèle Audet as House Whip.
He lost re-election in 1973 against Liberal candidate Michel Pagé.
See also
History of Quebec
Footnotes
1940 births
Living people
Ralliement créditiste du Québec MNAs
Université Laval alumni
Josef Wendl (17 December 1906 – 2 September 1980) was a German international footballer.
Career
Association, 1916 to 1945
The pupil Josef Wendl, who joined went through the youth section of the Munich "Löwen" youth section completely through the youth age groups of the white and blue sixties and was used for the first time at the age of 17 in the league team playing at that time in the district league Bavaria. In the 1926/27 season, the defensive hope had its first successes in 1860. In Bavaria, he won the runner-up championship with his club, with third place in the games for the southern German championship, the “Löwen” moved into the final round of the German Football Championship. There, the young player sat alongside his teammates Alois Pledl, Eugen Kling and Josef Hornauer against FC Schalke 04 and VfB Leipzig and only failed in the semifinals with 1: 4 goals to the future German champion 1. FC Nürnberg. Wendl had been the left-wing outrunner in all finals.
In the season 1930/31 Wendl qualified for the second time with the SV 1860 Munich for the final matches for the German championship , The Elf from Giesing also skipped the hurdle in the semi-finals, knocking out the Holstein Kiel with a 2-0 win and moving into the final of the German football championship for the first time in club history. The final was lost in front of 50,000 spectators on June 14, 1931 at the Müngersdorfer Stadion in Cologne with 2: 3 goals after a 2: 1 halftime lead against Hertha BSC. Wendl formed with Max Schäfer in front of goalkeeper Alfred Riemke the pair of defenders and acted in his previous left runner position Fritz Eiberle.
Two years later, in 1932/33, Wendl and his teammates Georg Ertl, Fritz Neumaier, Ludwig Stiglbauer and Ludwig Lachner lost the semi-finals in the final tournament with 0: 4 goals in Leipzig against Schalke 04. In the Gauliga era he came again as a 34-year-old veteran 1941 into the final tournament , As the middle runner in the group matches against the Stuttgarter Kickers, the VfL Neckarau and SK Rapid Wien he directed the defense of the "Löwen". The 2-1 home win on April 27 in front of 30,000 spectators was outstanding when he had to assert himself particularly against the rapid scorer Franz Binder and attacked Heinz Krückeberg and Ludwig Janda provided the impulses. The relatives of the Wehrmacht and team captain Wendl were prevented from playing the decisive second leg in Vienna and Rapid won the first group place with a 2-0 victory by two points ahead of 1860 Munich. The Viennese prevailed in the later final on June 22 through a 4: 3 victory against Schalke 04 and won the German championship in 1941.
When his club was able to bring the Tschammer Cup to Munich on November 15, 1942, after a 2-0 win in the final against Schalke 04, he had only 5: 3 home success on July 19 due to the war 1942 participated in the first final round against SK Rapid Vienna as a left-back alongside Georg Pledl.
In total, the defensive player who held the captain's office for ten years was active for 1860 Munich as a league player and played over 1,000 games. The last time was Wendl in spring 1945 was in a competitive game for the "lions" during a front holiday.
Selection and appointment, 1927 to 1935
At the age of 19, the man for the left defensive side was already called into the Munich City Selection, for which he played a total of 28 games in his career. In the South German selection, the 1960 made its debut on October 9, 1927 in the Federal Cup competition in the 3: 4 defeat in Duisburg against West Germany. The game played a complete Munich city selection, with six "Bayern" actors (Adolf Schwab, Hans Schmid, Emil Kutterer, Ludwig Hofmeister, Josef Pöttinger, Ludwig Hofmann), four "Löwen" representatives (Alois Pledl, Ludwig Stiglbauer, Josef Hornauer, Josef Wendl) and the Wacker player Fritz Neubauer. With the association selection from Bavaria, Wendl became Gaupokalsieger in 1933. He was part of the Bavarian selection, which defeated Saxony with 2: 1 goals in Chemnitz and 6: 2 goals in Munich North Hesse. In the replay of the final, Bayern won 6-1 on August 6, 1933 in Munich against Brandenburg. The final triangle was formed by goalkeepers Hans Jakob and the pair of defenders Sigmund Haringer and Josef Wendl.
In the national football team, the "Löwen" player made his debut with goalkeeper Hans Jakob on November 2, 1930 at the international match in Wroclaw against Norway. On his second appointment on October 30, 1932 in Budapest against Hungary, Paul Janes celebrated his national team debut. In his third and fourth international matches - in January and March 1933 against Italy and France - he formed the German defense pair in front of goalkeeper Jakob with Haringer. With his fifth international appearance on November 19, 1933 in Zurich, Wendl said goodbye to the national team in a 2-0 victory against the Confederates. The Bayern player Ludwig Goldbrunner, on the other hand, opened his international career in the game against "Nati".
Profession, soldier and honors
Wendl, who was named honorary captain, received the city honorary letter
Wendl took over the city of Munich on August 31, 1934 as a workshop clerk, and on March 1, 1935 he was given a job as a road construction supervisor. On June 17, 1940 he was called up to the Wehrmacht and was on the front lines until the end of the war. In May 1945 he was captured by the Soviet Union and was only able to return home on January 5, 1950, where he returned to the Munich Roads Department.
Trainer
Soon after returning from captivity, he began working as a trainer at TSV 1860 Munich in the youth department. At the sports university in Cologne, he successfully completed his training as a football teacher in 1953. Until the end of July 1965 he worked as a trainer and supervisor in the youth department of the "Löwen", where he played such well-known players as Alfred Heiß, Hans Rebele, Hans Reich and Ludwig Bründl.
Literature
Anton Löffelmeier: The "lions" under the swastika. "" The workshop, 2009, .
Lorenz Knieriem, Hardy Green: "Player dictionary 1890-1963." Agon, Kassel 2006, .
Jürgen Bitter: Germany's national soccer player. The Lexicon. '' Sportverlag, Berlin 1997, .
Nation
He has made 5 appearances with his own national team.
Biography
Anton Löffelmeier: Die „Löwen“ unterm Hakenkreuz. Die Werkstatt, 2009, .
Lorenz Knieriem, Hardy Grüne: Spielerlexikon 1890–1963. Agon, Kassel 2006, .
Jürgen Bitter: Deutschlands Fußball-Nationalspieler. Das Lexikon. Sportverlag, Berlin 1997, .
External links
Josef Wendl, on National-football-teams.com, National Football Teams. Wikidata modification
(Italian) Josef Wendl, on Calcio.com, HEIM: SPIEL Medien GmbH. Wikidata modification
Josef Wendl, on EU-Football.info.
References
1906 births
1980 deaths
Association football defenders
German footballers
Germany international footballers
TSV 1860 Munich players
Place of birth missing
Place of death missing
German prisoners of war in World War II held by the Soviet Union
Pablo Esteban O'Higgins (born Paul Higgins Stevenson; March 1, 1904 - July 16, 1983) was an American-Mexican artist, muralist and illustrator.
Early life and education
Born in Salt Lake City, Utah, O'Higgins was raised there and in San Diego, California. In 1922 he abandoned his first career as a pianist and entered the Academy of Arts in San Diego.
Within two years he'd become a student of Diego Rivera, assisting Rivera on his murals at the National School of Agriculture at Chapingo, and the Public Education Secretariat.
Mexico and murals
Like Rivera, O'Higgins became an active member of the Mexican Communist Party. He immigrated to Mexico permanently in 1924, joined the party in 1927, and maintained his party membership until 1947. His political illustrations for the Daily Worker won him a year's study at the Academy of Art in Moscow on a Soviet Scholarship in 1933.
In 1937, O'Higgins was the co-founder, with fellow artists Leopoldo Méndez and Luis Arenal, of the Taller de Gráfica Popular ("People's Graphic Workshop"). The Taller became inspiration to many politically active leftist artists; for example, American expressionist painter Byron Randall went on to found similar artist collectives after becoming an associate member. In May 1940 O'Higgins had the honor of being the only non-native Mexican artist with work included in the seminal "Twenty Centuries of Mexican Art" exhibit organized by the Museum of Modern Art.
In 1961 O'Higgins was awarded honorary Mexican citizenship for "his contributions to the national arts and education". One of his murals can be seen at the Abelardo L. Rodriguez Market, Mexico City.
His 1945 mural for the Ship Scalers Union Hall in Seattle is installed in Kane Hall at the University of Washington in Seattle. The mural depicts Seattle's Ship Scalers Union's (SSU) history as a strongly anti-racist, anti-discriminatory, and progressive force in social politics.
Among O'Higgins' students was the American graphic designer Bob Cato, and artist and muralist Marion Greenwood.
Further reading
Acevedo, Esther. "Young Muralists at the Abelardo L. Rodriguez Market." in Mexican Muralism: A Critical History, Alejandro Anreus, Robin Adèle Greeley, and Leonard Folgarait. Berkeley and Los Angeles: University of California Press 2012, pp. 125–147.
Espinosa Campos, Eduardo. "Pablo O'Higgins: arte mural para las escuelas". In La pintura mural en los centros de educación en México. Pinacoteca 2003.é
Flores, Laura. "Pablo O'Higgins: Pintura y Cambio Social." Metamórphosis, Northwest Chicano Magazine of Art and Literature. IV no. 2, col. V no. 1 (1982/1983).ó
Fundación Cultural María y Pablo O'Higgins. Pablo O'Higgins, Contruyendo vidas. Mexico City 2005.
Hijar, Alberto. Pablo O'Higgins: Apuntes y dibujos de trabajadores. Monterrey: Secretaría de Educación y Cultura 1987.
Poniatowska, Elena and Gilbert Bosques. Pablo O'Higgins. Mexico City: Banco Nacional de Comercio Exterior 1984.
UNAM. Pablo O'Higgins: Voz de Lucha y Arte. Mexico City: UNAM-Gobierno del Distrito Federal, Gobierno del Estado de Nuevo León, Fundación Cultural María y Pablo O'Higgins, A.C., 2005.
Vogel, Susan. Becoming Pablo O'Higgins. San Francisco and Salt Lake City: Pince-Nez Press 2010
References
External links
Works produced by Pablo O'Higgins at the Taller de Gráfica Popular - Gráfica Mexicana
1904 births
1983 deaths
American communists
American emigrants to Mexico
American muralists
Naturalized citizens of Mexico
Mexican muralists
Mexican communists
Artists from Salt Lake City
Mexican people of Irish descent
Ground Mower was a Swedish Metal band consisting of Jonta Wigstad (guitar), Richard Bång (percussion and drums), Tomas Marklund (bass, backing vocals), and Magnus Arnar (lead vocals). Ground Mower was well known for having a unique metal edge that does not conform to the NWOSDM style that is particular to Sweden, Norway and Finland.
Formation
Richard Bång was attending a summer music festival where he saw Magnus Arnar sing with his R&B tribute band, Soul 78, leading him to formulate plans for a new band with Magnus as lead vocalist. It had been several years since Richard had drummed professionally, but after the music festival he was led to once again pick up his sticks and get back in the game. Shortly after that, Richard's former band Face Down was in studio and asked him to lay down some tracks for their upcoming album. While he was working on the studio tracks for Face Down, Richard ran into former Mozes (death metal) band mates, Jonas Wigstad and Tomas Marklund, who were also very interested in the new band idea. Later that same year, they started playing together and writing songs.
Style and influence
While Richard, Jonta and Tomas all were band mates in Mozes, and played individually in various melodic death metal bands, Richard felt more musically influenced by bands like Motörhead and Pantera. Since the time of Mozes' demise, Tomas, who always favored punk rock bands and, had also developed an interest in Irish folk music. Soul 78 was an obvious testament to Magnus' rhythm and blues influences. The intertwining and meshing of the different influences and styles was very unusual. The quartet's music easily glides along a well oiled metal pathway, but could also fall into a number of other rock subgenres.
The most common subgenre of rock Ground Mower is perceived to fall into is grunge/alternative rock. Though Sweden was not pulled into the throes of the grunge movement that swept across the United States, and even across the Atlantic to the United Kingdom as evidenced by the popularity of Bush, reviews of Ground Mower's music from both the US and the UK have likened it to various grunge influences, attributable at least in part to the band's 'raw' type of sound.
Discography
2008: War Machine
Notoriety
Kerrang! magazine rated Ground Mower's debut album a very coveted 4Ks.
Mark Cooper of Glasswerk magazine said, Ground Mower exude[s] that metal aggression and power, with strong, swamp thick guitar chords and a weight derived from intense drumming; but in the same breath they pull out the groove and hooks of rock and roll with out any after thought-mainly because they are intent on achieving a complete sound and feel.
The results are a constant assault, haymaker after haymaker, until with 'War machine' they take the gloves off and its unprotected taped fists raining down…then with 'Last ride' the fists are dipped in broken glass and the attack continues, it's only when they get set on fire that you potentially lose consciousness-like a beating, that you actually enjoy.
The band's music has also garnered the attention of former Iron Maiden member Bruce Dickinson, who has been known to randomly crank up Ground Mower on his BBC 6 Music radio show.
Ground Mower was also the hand-picked metal band to play on the Gibson Stage at Sweden Rock on June 4, 2009.
External links
Ground Mower's official site
Ground Mower on MySpace
Ground Mower on Reverb Nation
Ground Mower on GarageBand.com
Notes
Ground Mower artikel på Svenska
Swedish heavy metal musical groups
Downtown Lullaby is an album of improvised music by John Zorn, Elliott Sharp, Bobby Previte and Wayne Horvitz. The album was released on the Depth of Field label in 1998 and contains seven tracks titled after addresses of performing spaces in the East Village and Soho.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Brian Olewnick awarded the album 2½ stars stating "Downtown Lullaby isn't a bad record but, given the personnel, one would have hoped for more".
Track listing
All compositions by Horovitz/Previte/Sharp/Zorn
"484 Broome" - 5:42
"500 West 52nd" - 6:15
"Eighth Between B & C" - 6:11
"77 White" - 3:57
"228 West Broadway" - 9:07
"Bleecker & Bowery" - 7:16
"1 Morton St (Downtown Lullaby)" - 9:00
Personnel
Elliott Sharp – electric guitars
Wayne Horvitz – keyboards, Hammond organ, piano
Bobby Previte – drums
John Zorn – alto
References
John Zorn albums
Wayne Horvitz albums
1998 albums
Grant Craig Denyer (born 12 September 1977) is an Australian television and radio presenter and motor racing driver, who has worked for several television networks, including Seven Network and Network 10, mostly serving as a presenter.
In 2018, he won a Gold Logie Award for Most Popular Personality on Australian Television.
Television career
In 1997, Denyer began his career in the media with a position at Prime Television in Wagga Wagga as a news reporter and journalist. He moved to Sydney to work as V8 Supercar pit reporter for Network Ten, when he caught the eye of television producer Adam Boland.
Boland saw the potential in Denyer and offered him full-time position as the weather presenter on the relaunched Sunrise program from 2004 until the end of 2006. Denyer left this position in December 2006 due to wanting to spend more time with his family, though he remained as a roving reporter for the breakfast program Sunrise.
Denyer won the fourth series of Dancing with the Stars and also hosted the celebrity duet singing competition It Takes Two from 2006 to 2008. He has also presented All-Time The Greatest Aussie Bloopers, Guinness World Records with co-host Shelley Craft and Australia's Got Talent. He is the holder of five official Guinness World Records.
From 2006 to 2011, he was the host of Carols in the Domain in Sydney.
In 2007, his race and television career saw him both racing and being a part of the commentary team featuring Neil Crompton, Matthew White, Mark Beretta and Daniel Gibson to report on the V8 Supercar Series.
In January 2010, Denyer returned to Sunrise as weather presenter, succeeding Fifi Box who became Entertainment editor. Grant remained weather presenter until he resigned in March 2013 to spend more time with his family. He also hosted the short-lived Iron Chef Australia, in 2010.
In late 2013, Denyer hosted Slide Show. He hosted a series of Million Dollar Minute which first aired on 16 September 2013. On 29 November 2013, Denyer resigned due to 'family reasons' and he was replaced by Weekend Sunrise sports presenter Simon Reeve.
In 2014, Denyer joined Network Ten as the host of a revived version of game show Family Feud. Denyer has described himself as a "workaholic".
In 2015, Denyer co-hosted The Great Australian Spelling Bee alongside Chrissie Swan.
In 2016, he also had a guest appearance on Neighbours for Family Feud on episode 7477.
In 2018, Denyer hosted an Australian version of Game of Games.
In 2019, Denyer co-hosted Dancing with the Stars alongside Amanda Keller and hosted Celebrity Name Game.
Television
Awards
Denyer has been nominated four times for the Logie Award for Best Presenter award at the TV Week Logie Awards. He was nominated in 2007, 2008 and 2009 for his roles on It Takes Two and on Australia's Got Talent (in 2009). He was nominated again in 2015 for his role in Family Feud.
In 2006, Denyer was recognized by voters in the TV Fugly Awards as being Australia's Spunkiest Male TV Personality. Grant has been voted "sexiest presenter on TV" by a Melbourne Metro magazine poll, and he was voted the most datable male by (Australian) New Woman magazine.
In 2016, Denyer won the silver Logie award for Best Entertainment Program for Family Feud.
In 2018, Denyer was nominated for a Gold Logie for the third year in a row, which he won, as well as winning Logie Award for Most Popular Presenter.
Radio career
In December 2017, Southern Cross Austereo announced that Denyer would be joining 2Day FM to host the Em, Grant and Ed breakfast show with comedians Em Rusciano and Ed Kavalee. Ash London joined the show in 2019 replacing Rusciano.
In August 2019, Southern Cross Austereo announced that Grant, Ed and Ash would finish on Friday 16 August due to taking a 'new direction'. Grant, Ed and Ash was replaced by a music focused show.
On 3 October 2019, it was announced that Denyer would host a new radio show with Yvie Jones in December, the Grant and Yvie Show, a Summer breakfast show that would air in Hit Network's major metro markets, except 2Day FM in Sydney.
Recording career
In December 2018, Denyer released his debut single, "Driving Home for Christmas".
Motor racing
Denyer drove a Ford Falcon in the Fujitsu V8 Supercar series for Speed FX Racing with Michael Caruso and Daniel Elliot. He debuted with Dick Johnson Racing in 2005. In the same year he was awarded the Mike Kable Rookie of the Year prize finishing his debut season in the top 10 (10th).
In 2006, Denyer raced in the Sandown 500 and the prestigious Bathurst 1000 with DJR and with Alex Davison. Denyer and Alex came 9th overall at Bathurst. Denyer also had success in tarmac rallying, a podium finish in 2007's Suncoast Rally in which he drove the Les Walkden-prepared Subaru Impreza WRX STi. He finished 37.8 seconds behind the Skelta G-Force of Ray Vandersee, and 3.6 seconds clear third place-getter, Matt Close, in his Porsche Turbo. Going into the final stage he trailed Close by 4.7 seconds, and moved ahead of the Porsche to take second place.
In 2002, Denyer competed in the Bathurst 24-hour Endurance Event, he drove a Nissan 200SX. In 2003 he competed in the same event, this time driving a Porsche 996 GT3 finishing second in his class, sixth overall.
Denyer won his first ever Supercars race in the Development Series at Sandown on 7 June 2008 in the second race of the weekend. More wins came and Denyer had his best season in 2009, finishing fourth in the 2009 Fujitsu V8 Supercar Series.
In early 2010 Denyer stated he would no longer be pursuing full season drives in motorsport, however in 2011 Denyer was announced as the lead driver of Shannons-Mars Racing, a V8 Supercar team formed for the purposes of a TV show, the Shannons Supercar Showdown. Denyer's Bathurst 1000 co-driver was Cameron Waters, winning the competition beating runner-up British racing driver Andrew Jordan. Waters as of 2016 became a full-time supercar regular with ProDrive.
Denyer also competed in the Australian GT Championship with Maranello Motorsport in 2015, but switched to the McLaren 650S fielded by Tekno Autosports, sometimes in partnership with car owner and eventual 2016 Bathurst 1000 champion Jonathon Webb, in the GT series. In 2016 Denyer won the Australian Endurance Championship, an offshoot of the GT Championship, with Nathan Morcom.
Career results
Source of results is Driver Database.
Complete Bathurst 1000 results
Complete Bathurst 24 Hour results
Complete Bathurst 12 Hour results
Personal life
Denyer was born in Gosford, New South Wales. At 13, he moved to Dandenong, Victoria, spending his holidays at the Denyer family farm at Ariah Park, New South Wales.
He is married to TV producer Cheryl Rogers, who is the founder of Mummy Time. They have three daughters.
2008 injury
On 17 September 2008, Denyer injured his back whilst participating in a monster truck promotional event. He suffered a compressed fracture of the lower vertebrae, and was taken by ambulance to the Wollongong Hospital.
The accident occurred while Denyer was in training for the Monster Truck Championships, driving a monster truck at Groundz Precinct, Dapto. After practising a jump over five cars in the truck, Denyer removed his foot too soon from the accelerator which caused the vehicle to land heavily; his lower vertebrae was broken in eight places. He was moved to a Sydney hospital, and his recovery took months. He was reported as saying that his injury had reduced his rather short size by 1 cm.
Denyer was then moved into intensive care, but there were no signs of any nerve damage or serious injuries, so he was back on the air to host Australia's Got Talent in 2009; however, he did not return to It Takes Two in May.
Controversies
In 2017, Denyer was banned from appearing on the radio stations Triple M and KIIS 106.5 after he used a story told by former rugby league player Matthew Johns on Triple M as his own an hour later on KISS 106.5. On the Triple M show The Grill Team, on which Denyer was a guest, Johns recounted about how he tried playing the board game Test Match with his children. Denyer later appeared on The Kyle and Jackie O Show on KIIS where he repeated the tale as his own. Johns later expressed his dismay to Kyle Sandilands on The Kyle and Jackie O Show and both hosts agreed to ban Denyer from ever appearing on either station. Later on Twitter, Denyer admitted to stealing Johns' joke and changing the punchline, with The Kyle and Jackie O Show Twitter account posting a mocking reply to him.
Denyer's 2018 Gold Logie win has proved controversial with people (including Russell Crowe) believing he only won because of Tom Gleeson's campaign. Gleeson has denied these suggestions.
References
External links
Grant Denyer official website
Happy Families for Grant Denyer
It Takes Two official websites
Australia's Got Talent official website
1977 births
Australian game show hosts
Australia's Got Talent
Dancing with the Stars (Australian TV series) winners
Motorsport announcers
People from Coffs Harbour
Racing drivers from New South Wales
Supercars Championship drivers
Weather presenters
Living people
Gold Logie winners
I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! (Australian TV series) participants
Australian Endurance Championship drivers
Kelly Racing drivers
Dick Johnson Racing drivers
David (abu Sulaiman) ibn Merwan al-Mukkamas al-Rakki ( translit.: Dawud ibn Marwan al-Muqamis; died c. 937) was a philosopher and controversialist, the author of the earliest known Jewish philosophical work of the Middle Ages. He was a native of Raqqa, Mesopotamia, whence his surname. Harkavy derives his byname from the Arabic "ḳammaṣ" (to leap), interpreting it as referring to his asserted change of faith (Grätz, Gesch. Hebr. transl., iii.498). This is uncertain. The name is written "אלקומסי" in Masudi's Al-Tanbih (ed. De Goeje, p. 113), in a Karaitic commentary to Leviticus, and in a manuscript copy of Jefeth's commentary to the same book (Jew. Quart. Rev. viii.681), and is perhaps a derivative from the city of Ḳumis in Taberistan (Yaḳut, iv.203). Another Karaite bears the name "Daniel al-Ḳumisi," and in Al-Hiti's chronicle this name is also spelled with a ẓade (Jew. Quart. Rev. ix.432).
Polemical works
David, the father of Jewish philosophy, was almost unknown until the latter part of the 19th century. The publication of Judah Barzilai's commentary to the Sefer Yezirah (Meḳiẓe Nirdamim, 1885), in which is found a poor Hebrew translation of the ninth and tenth chapters of David's philosophical work, first brought the latter into notice. Barzilai says that he does not know whether David was one of the Geonim, but claims to have heard that Saadia had known him and had profited by his lessons. Pinsker and Grätz, confounding him with Daniel ha-Babli of Cairo, make him a Mohammedan convert to Karaism, on the ground that he is quoted by Karaite scholars, and is called by Hadasi "ger ẓedeḳ" (pious proselyte).
The discovery by Harkavy of the Kitab al-Riyaḍ wal-Ḥada'iḳ, by the Karaite Al-Ḳirḳisani, threw further light on David. Al-Ḳirḳisani cites a work by him on the various Jewish sects, and says that David had "embraced Christianity" (tanaṣṣar), that he was for many years the pupil of a renowned Christian physician and philosopher named Hana, and that, after acquiring considerable knowledge of philosophy, he wrote two works against Christianity which became famous. But it seems more probable that the word "tanaṣṣar" means simply that David had intercourse with Christians. Ḳirḳisani, indeed, does not mention his return to Judaism, and no Rabbinite mentions his conversion to Christianity. His conversion to Christianity can hardly be reconciled with the fact that he is cited by Baḥya, by Jedaiah Bedersi (in Iggeret Hitnaẓẓelut), and by Moses ibn Ezra. Ḳirḳisani mentions two other books by David: Kitab al-Khaliḳah, a commentary on Genesis extracted from Christian exegetical works; and a commentary on Ecclesiastes. He is incorrectly mentioned as a learned Karaite by David al-Hiti in his chronicle of Karaite doctors, published by Margoliouth (Jew. Quart. Rev. ix.432).
20 Chapters on Philosophy
In 1898 Harkavy discovered in the Imperial Library of St. Petersburg fifteen of the twenty chapters of David's philosophical work entitled Ishrun Maḳalat (Twenty Chapters). The subject-matter of these fifteen chapters is as follows:
The Aristotelian categories
Science and the reality of its existence
The creation of the world
The evidence that it is composed of substance and accidents
The properties of substance and accident
A criticism of those who maintain the eternity of matter
Arguments in favor of the existence of God and His creation of the world
The unity of God, refuting the Sabians, the Dualists, and the Christians
The divine attributes
Refutation of anthropomorphism and Christian ideas
Why God became our Lord
Showing that God created us for good and not for evil, and combating absolute pessimism as well as absolute optimism
The utility of prophecy and prophets
Signs of true prophecy and true prophets
Mandatory and prohibitive commandments.
David as well as other Karaites—for instance, Joseph al-Basir and Al-Ḳirḳisani—was a follower of the Motazilite kalam, especially in his chapter on the attributes of God, wherein he holds that, though we speak of these attributes as we speak of human attributes, the two can not be compared, since nothing comes to Him through the senses as is the case with man. God's "life" is a part of His "being", and the assumption of attributes in the Deity can in no way affect His unity. "Quality" can not be posited of the Deity. In his tenth chapter, on "Rewards and Punishments," David holds that these are eternal in the future world. This chapter has many points in common with Saadia, both drawing from the same source (Schreiner, Der Kalam, p. 25).
Other works
David quotes two others of his own works which are no longer in existence: Kitab fi al-Budud and Kitab fi 'Arḍ al-Maḳalat 'ala al-Manṭiḳ, on the categories. In one passage David relates that he had a philosophical disputation in Damascus with a Muslim scholar, Shabib al-Baṣri. A fragment of another work, Kitab al-Tauḥid, Book on the Unity (of God), has been discovered among genizah fragments, and has been published by E. N. Adler and I. Broydé in Jew. Quart Rev. (xiii.52 et seq.). David does not betray his Jewish origin in his philosophical work. Contrary to the practice of Saadia, Bahya, and other Jewish philosophers, he never quotes the Bible, but cites Greek and Arabic authorities. It is possible that this accounts for the neglect of his work by the Jews.
Jewish Encyclopedia bibliography
Fürst, in Literaturblatt des Orients, viii.617, 642;
Gabriel Polak, Halikot Ḳedem, pp. 69 et seq.;
Pinsker, Liḳḳuṭe Ḳadmoniyyot, ii.17 et seq.;
Grätz, Gesch. v.285;
A. Harkavy, Le-Ḳorot ha-Kittot be-Yisrael', in Grätz, Gesch. iii.498 et seq. (Hebr. transl.);
idem, in Voskhod, Sept., 1898;
Samuel Poznanski, in Jew. Quart. Rev. xiii.328;
Steinschneider, in Jew. Quart. Rev. xi.606, xiii.450;
idem, Hebr. Uebers. p. 378;
David Kaufmann, Attributenlehre, Index, passim.
Recent Bibliography
Sarah Stroumsa, Dawud ibn Marwan al-Muqammis's 'Ishrun Maqala'' (Etudes sur le judaisme medieval XIII, Leiden: Brill, 1989)
References
930s deaths
Year of birth unknown
Year of death uncertain
Philosophers of Judaism
Arabian Jews
10th-century Abbasid rabbis
9th-century Abbasid rabbis
Converts to Christianity from Judaism
Critics of Christianity
9th-century Arabic writers
10th-century Arabic writers
People from Raqqa Governorate
The village of Adamy was burned to the ground during the Massacres of Poles in Volhynia and Eastern Galicia, and no longer exists. It was destroyed by the Ukrainian Insurgent Army aided by the Ukrainian peasants who set ablaze 200 Polish farms and murdered whomever they could find. Adamy used to be located in powiat Kamionka Strumiłowa (county) near Busk in the Tarnopol Voivodeship (woj. tarnopolskie) of the Second Polish Republic before the Nazi-Soviet invasion of Poland in 1939.
The massacre
According to the eye-witness account of Weronika Szeremeta-Furmaniewicz who lived in Adamy during the Massacres of Poles in Volhynia and testified at the 1969 trial, the village was attacked several times by the OUN-UPA death squads, although unsuccessfully, because the Polish self-defence unit in Adamy was well armed, including with a crate of grenades left behind by the Polish Army in 1939. The Ukrainian raids were so persistent that eventually, most inhabitants decided to escape west ahead of the Soviet advance, and in March and April 1944 boarded a train under a watchful eye of the German authorities. However, not all villagers left. Several families stayed behind including the family of Feliks Szeremeta.
The final OUN-UPA attack on Adamy took place behind the Soviet-German front, when the Red Army was already stationing in the area. The Adamy village was destroyed by the SB unit of UPA. All 200 houses were set ablaze. Among the attackers led by Dmitry Kupiak (uk) nicknamed "Klei" (meaning "glue") was a local band of Ukrainian peasants including women whose singing could be heard from a distance. The village, already depopulated, burned for a whole day until nighttime. The survivors, hidden in the woods, run to Busk and asked the Russians for help. On the second day, the Soviet NKVD sent three tanks to Adamy but encountered only the smouldering ashes and nothing else. Six bodies of murdered Poles were found, including Franciszka Szeremeta, Maria Święs, Teodor Łucek, Adam Brodziak, Jan Dąbrowski, Antoni Młot and Emilian Łukasiewicz.
War criminal in Canada
The commander of the SB OUN-UPA death squad in charge of the annihilation of Adamy, Dmitry (Dymitr) Kupiak (who operated under the pseudonym Sławko Weslar in the Nazi German Distrikt Galizien), after the war emigrated to Canada, under the name Dmytro Kupyak. His five co-conspirators were tried in October 1969 by the Lviv District Court in Soviet Ukraine and sentenced to 15 years of hard labour. Kupyak "Klei" published his own memories in a book called Spohady nerostrilanoho (Memoirs of an Unshot), Toronto 1991, in Ukrainian. Kupyak (born in 1918) died on 13 June 1995 in Toronto. His war crimes' investigation by the Canadian Department of Justice was subsequently terminated. Dymitr Kupiak is the subject of a monograph written by Bronisław Szeremeta, who revealed that "Klei" commanded a death squad of local bandits who engaged in a string of robberies and torture-murder operations targeting ethnic Poles, Polish Jews, as well as ethic Ukrainians in the area between Lwów and Tarnopol, notably in the settlements of Milatyn Nowy and Stary, Busk, Grabowa, Pobużany, Jabłonówka, Kupcze, Nowosiółka, Żeniów, Bogdanówka, Wodaje, Wierzblany, Zabłotne, Czanyż and others. In almost all of the above locations dozens of his victims were tortured, dismembered alive and burnt to death. A second book featuring Dmytro Kupyak as war criminal wanted in the Soviet Union, was written by Prof. James McKenzie of University of Regina under the title War Criminals in Canada (1995), published by Detselig Enterprises of Calgary. Kupyak is celebrated in Ukraine (as Дмитро Куп'як). A school was named after him in Yabluniv, with a memorial plaque put on display.
See also
Historiography of the Volyn tragedy
Notes
References
Tadeusz Piotrowski (2000), Genocide and Rescue in Wołyń: Recollections of the Ukrainian Nationalist Ethnic Cleansing Campaign Against the Poles During World War II. Published by McFarland, .
Villages in Zolochiv Raion, Lviv Oblast
Massacres of Poles in Volhynia
War crimes committed by the Ukrainian Insurgent Army
Massacres in 1941
1941 in Poland
When Knights Were Bold is a comedy play by the British writer Harriett Jay writing under the pseudonym of Charles Marlowe which was first performed in 1906. A British officer Guy De Vere returns home from service in India after inheriting an estate and a baronetcy in the village of Little Twittering where he encounters a number of eccentrics. His cousin Rowena, meanwhile, falls madly in love with him. It should not be confused with the 1898 novel When Knighthood Was in Flower by Charles Major which is sometimes known by this title.
Film adaptations
The film has been adapted into films on four occasions. The first was a 1908 Biograph short with D. W. Griffith appearing in an acting role. In 1916 a silent British film When Knights Were Bold was made by Maurice Elvey. The same year an Italian adaptation When Knights Were Bold was released by the Turin-based Aquila Films. In 1929 a third silent film When Knights Were Bold was made by Tim Whelan. In 1936 a sound version When Knights Were Bold was made by Jack Raymond and starred Jack Buchanan.
References
Bibliography
Nicoll, Alardyce. English Drama, 1900-1930: The Beginnings of the Modern Period. Cambridge University Press, 1973.
1906 plays
British plays adapted into films
Blankenburg railway station () is a railway station in the municipality of Zweisimmen, in the Swiss canton of Bern. It is an intermediate stop on the Montreux–Lenk im Simmental line of the Montreux Oberland Bernois Railway.
Services
The following services stop at Blankenburg:
Regio: hourly service between and .
References
External links
Railway stations in the canton of Bern
Montreux Oberland Bernois Railway stations
The Eternal Conflict is a fantasy novel by author David H. Keller, M.D. It was first published in 1949 by Prime Press in an edition of 400 copies, all of which were signed, numbered and slipcased. The novel was originally serialized in French in Le Primaires under the title Le Duel Sans Fin, in 1939.
Plot introduction
The novel concerns two conflicts. One is between the sexes, the other in a woman's mind.
References
1949 American novels
American fantasy novels
Novels first published in serial form
The chestnut-throated huet-huet (Pteroptochos castaneus) is a large passerine bird of the family Rhinocryptidae. At an average mass of , it is, with the related black-throated huet-huet, the largest rhinocryptid and the third-heaviest tracheophone suboscine behind the giant and great antpittas. It is a stockily-built bird, averaging in length with a predominantly dark brown plumage except for a dark red throat and a pale buff bar on its wind – lacking in the black-throated species. For many decades intense debate existed as to whether these two were one species or two, but molecular studies in the 1990s demonstrated that the two species had been separated since before the Patagonian Ice Sheet first formed in southern Chile.
The species is found in temperate forest of Nothofagus species and Austrocedrus chilensis on the humid fringe of the Mediterranean climate zone of Chile, chiefly in Biobío, Maule and parts of O'Higgins Regions, and also in a small adjacent area of Neuquén Province in Argentina.
The species sometimes occurs in exotic Pinus radiata plantations, but only if there is a dense understory of shrubs, as it cannot move across habitat without dense understory as shown by a study of the fragmented Maulino forest. The Chestnut-Throated Huet-Huet feeds on insects and their larvae, and also a substantial number of seeds and fruit, which it digs for in the forest floor with its long claws. It may be important in the dispersal of certain forest plants.
Breeding occurs in spring between September and December, but the burrows ordinarily used to nest are dug during the winter rainy season when the soil is loosest. The burrows can be as much as deep and contain two oval white eggs, which are very large for the bird's size, typically averaging long and wide with a mass of . It is believed both sexes incubate the eggs (as is usual for tracheophone suboscines), but the incubation period is not documented.
The huet-huets are well known for their vocalisations, and the song of the chestnut-throated huet-huet is a series of resonant “hoots” that unlike its more southerly counterpart, is typically given as a duet between pairs. The song is higher, softer and faster than the black-throated species, and the call is a “” given in alarm.
References
chestnut-throated huet-huet
Birds of Chile
chestnut-throated huet-huet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Backstone Bank and Baal Hill Woods is a Site of Special Scientific Interest in the County Durham district of Durham, England. It occupies the steep eastern slopes of the valley of Waskerley Beck, alongside and downstream of Tunstall Reservoir, some 3 km north of Wolsingham and is one of the largest expanses of semi-natural woodland in west Durham.
The area once formed part of a much larger expanse, Wolsingham Park, which was owned by the prince bishops of Durham from the late 13th century, and was protected both for its deer and for its timber. The woodland, originally predominantly oak and birch, was managed by coppicing for both timber and charcoal, the latter supplying the smelting kilns of the local lead industry. Historical records show that the site has been woodland since at least the early 16th century, and one large oak, the "Bishop Oak", is thought to be around 400 years old.
The woodland cover is very variable, being dependent on the soil and drainage. In wetter areas, alder, Alnus glutinosa, is dominant, over a ground cover that includes soft rush, Juncus effusus, meadowsweet, Filipendula ulmaria, and tufted hair-grass, Deschampsia cespitosa. In one side valley, there is a small population of small-leaved lime, Tilia cordata, which occurs here close to its northern limit and at an unusually high altitude.
On base-rich soils, the woodland typically consists of ash, Fraxinus excelsior, and wych elm, Ulmus glabra, over an understorey of hazel, Corylus avellana, and bird cherry, Prunus padus, and a rich ground flora that includes lady-fern, Athyrium filix-femina, male fern, Dryopteris filix-mas, and hard shield-fern, Polystichum aculeatum.
On more acid soils, sessile oak, Quercus petraea, and birch, Betula sp., are dominant. The under-storey, of hazel, holly, Ilex aquifolium, rowan, Sorbus aucuparia, and hawthorn, Crataegus monogyna, is sparse and the ground-cover is relatively poor.
As well as a diverse fauna, the site supports a variety of breeding birds, including woodcock, wood warbler, common redstart and pied flycatcher; common buzzard are also seen in the area. Roe deer are present in sufficient numbers to require measures to protect regenerating saplings.
The southern end of the site is owned by the Durham Wildlife Trust and is managed as the Baal Hill Wood nature reserve.
Name
Various suggestions have been made to explain the origin of the name "Baal Hill". One, which is favoured by Durham Wildlife Trust, relates the name to the ancient lead-smelting industry, in which a "baal" (or "bail") is said to have been a local term for a pit in which lead ore was "boiled" to remove impurities. There are references in old manuscripts to "les Bolehill" at Wolsingham and to payments being made to "bolers". Another explanation is that "baal" derives from an old spelling of "bailiff" and that the nearby Baal Hill House, referred to in a manuscript of 1558 as "Baylehilhous", was at one time the residence of the Bishop of Durham's local bailiff. The modern name is a corruption of northern dialect bale, a signal fire or beacon, based on an association with the Baal, the Old Testament deity mentioned in the Book of Jeremiah.
Backstone Bank is mentioned in 1647 as Barkston Bank, a "hill where bakestones are found". Bakestones were flat stones that were used for baking in an oven.
References
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in County Durham
Nature reserves in County Durham
Nature reserves of the Durham Wildlife Trust
Forests and woodlands of County Durham
Wolsingham
Imma chasmatica is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1906. It is found in the Indian states of Sikkim and Assam.
The wingspan is 31–33 mm. The forewings are fuscous finely sprinkled with blackish, with some obscure pale strigulae, especially on the costa anteriorly. There is a blackish streak beneath the costa from near the base to near the middle, interrupted by pale strigulae and there is an undefined blackish line along the submedian fold almost throughout. An undefined irregular blackish streak is found in the disc from one-third to the termen, posteriorly split into three more or less marked branches on the veins, interrupted by a suffused whitish-ochreous dot at three-fifths. The veins towards the costa before the apex and towards the tornus are more or less marked with blackish and there is a small apical spot of pale ochreous suffusion. The hindwings are dark grey.
References
Moths described in 1906
Immidae
Moths of Asia
Graphium browni is a butterfly found in Oceania - New Britain, Duke of York Islands, New Hanover Island and St Matthias Islands - that belongs to the swallowtail family.
The larva feeds on Annona mercuriana.
Taxonomy
Graphium browni belongs to the wallacei species group. This clade has four members:
Graphium wallacei (Hewitson, 1858)
Graphium hicetaon (Mathew, 1886)
Graphium browni (Godman & Salvin, 1879)
Graphium sandawanum Yamamoto, 1977
References
D'Abrera, B. (1971). Butterflies of the Australian Region. Lansdowne Press, Melbourne.
External links
Globis.insects-online: images of Graphium browni
browni
Butterflies of Oceania
Endemic fauna of Papua New Guinea
Lepidoptera of Papua New Guinea
Fauna of New Britain
New Ireland Province
Butterflies described in 1879
Taxa named by Frederick DuCane Godman
Taxa named by Osbert Salvin
The blue-banded pitta (Erythropitta arquata) is a species of bird in the family Pittidae. It is endemic to the island of Borneo, where it is found in all three countries that share the island: Malaysia, Brunei and Indonesia. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest.
References
Alan P. Petersen Birds of the World
blue-banded pitta
Endemic birds of Borneo
blue-banded pitta
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
New Mill is a Grade II listed smock mill in Northbourne, Kent, England that was built in 1848 and which has been converted to residential accommodation.
History
New mill was built in 1848 by Messrs J J and T R Holman, the Canterbury millwrights at a cost of £600. It was originally built with two pairs of millstones, and some of the machinery was to be second hand. A Robey & Co. steam engine was added in 1886 at a cost of £210. and a third pair of millstones added in 1892. The mill was overhauled by Holman's in 1910, including two new cant (corner) posts and a new sail. In July 1915 two sails and the fantail were blown off. The mill was repaired in 1916 and from then on ran with only two sails. The steam engine was scrapped in 1947 but the mill was working by wind until 1949, when it was dismantled. After standing idle for a short time it was run by electric motor from 1951 to 1957. The mill was converted into a house in 1976 and the former engine shed was used as bed and breakfast accommodation until approximately 2013. The mill is now purely residential and has recently (as of 2020) been taken over by new owners.
Description
New Mill is a four-storey smock mill on a single storey single-storey brick base. There is a stage at first-floor level. It had four double Patent sails carried on a cast-iron windshaft. The mill was winded by a fantail. It had three pairs of millstones. Some machinery is still present, including the windshaft, one pair of millstones, the engine driveshafts and gearing for the millstones and the governor and associated tentering gear. The cap frame is still in existence, along with the curb and cap centering rollers.
Millers
Richard Fuller 1848 - 1881
Thomas M Fuller 1881 - 1902
Ernest M Fuller 1902 - 1957
Richard J Fuller 1930 - 1957
References for above:-
References
External links
Windmill World page on the mill.
Windmills in Kent
Grinding mills in the United Kingdom
Smock mills in England
Grade II listed buildings in Kent
Windmills completed in 1848
Octagonal buildings in the United Kingdom
Dover District
You Only Die Twice is an Israeli documentary about a double Austrian-Jewish identity in the 20th century. The film was released in 2018. The leading protagonist and director of the film is Yair Lev, a professor at Bezalel Academy in Jerusalem, .
The movie recounts the research of the Israeli director revealing the story of a man who was obviously born on the same day, July 12, 1902, and in the same place (Vienna) as his own grandfather, but who apparently died 18 years later in Tyrol. This second man of the same name has even been a public figure, being the president of the Jewish community in Innsbruck, Austria during the last years of his life.
The story is told and stylized as a thriller. It was first shown in its German dubbed version at the Leokino in Innsbruck on March 6, 2018 and later on won two awards at the docaviv film festival in May 2018. On March 11, 2018, the movie was broadcast by Austrian state TV ORF as part of the official commemoration of the „Anschluss“ of Austria to the German Reich in 1938; on May 16, 2018, the film was shown by the Bayerischer Rundfunk. Currently the film is nominated to the Ophir (Israel Film Academy) Award for best full-length documentary.
Synopsis
The director's mother, Mrs. Chava Lev, receives a message from Austria, that she might be entitled to the inheritance of a small house in London – but there was a surprising problem: According to the Viennese documents, her father Ernst Bechinsky had not passed away in Tel Aviv in 1969, but had died in Innsbruck, Austria in 1987. Her son Yair Lev, leading actor, screenwriter and director of the following film project, decides that he has to take a field trip to Vienna in order to find out who could have been the man who has copied his grandfather's identity, presumably after World War II. First research results reveal that this man had been married to a gentile woman. In the Innsbruck archives, he soon finds more disturbing material on this still unknown wife's family. Her father, her mother and her sister-in-law had been long-time illegal nazi party members. Her brother has even been a SA and SS member. Not much more should be told to avoid spoilers, but the research takes unexpected turns again and again and a second narrative ax plot evolves from the encounters of Yair Lev with descendants of this Tyrolean family, especially with the connection established by Yair Lev and a grandson of that SS member of the family.
Development
The two well known documentarists Lev und Deri, who multi-task in their field as directors, producer, as cinematographer, screenwriter and film school teacher, took the risk to follow the promising start of the story on their own expense, flying to Vienna and Innsbruck in the winter of 2012 to check the potential of the mysterious and still completely un-researched story. After their return to Israel, they edited a teaser with the reactions they had collected in Austria and managed to get first production support by the Israeli channel 'yes docu'. At later pitchings, Austrian production company Nikolaus Geyrhalter Filmproduktion joined the project and won further support by Austrian State TV ORF and German Bayerischer Rundfunk.
Shooting locations
Shooting took place from 2012 bis 2017 in Innsbruck, Hall in Tirol, Vienna, Munich, Zagreb, Stara Gradiška, Petach Tikva, Holon and Tel Aviv.
Awards
Best Research Award: Forum of Documentary Filmmakers - Israel 2019
Audience Choice Award: Chagrin Documentary Film Festival, Ohio - USA 2019
Best Feature Documentary Award: NIFF Noida International Film Festival - India 2019
Audience Award for Best Documentary Film: São Paulo Film Festival (Jewish Film Festival) - Brazil 2019
Best Research Award: Docaviv International Documentary Film Festival - Israel 2018
Audience Award: Docaviv International Documentary Film Festival - Israel 2018
Best Research Award: Israeli Documentary Film Awards 2018
Nominee: Best Documentary Film: Ophir Award 2018 (Israel Film Academy)
References
External links
Film page in Production company Nikolaus Geyrhalter Filmproduktion
2018 films
2018 documentary films
Israeli documentary films
The CPR-1000, or CPR1000 (Chinese PWR) is a Generation II+ pressurized water reactor, based on the French 900 MWe three cooling loop design (M310) imported in the 1980s, improved to have a slightly increased net power output of 1,000 MWe (1080 MWe gross) and a 60-year design life.
The CPR-1000 is built and operated by the China General Nuclear Power Group (CGNPG), formerly known as China Guangdong Nuclear Power. Progressively more Chinese manufactured components were used in the units; the second unit built had 70% of its equipment manufactured in China, with a 90% Chinese content target for later builds.
Construction
On 15 July 2010, China's first CPR-1000 nuclear power plant, Ling Ao-3, was connected to the grid, having started criticality testing on 11 June 2010. It started commercial operations on 27 September 2010, with Ling Ao-4 starting commercial operation on 7 August 2011.
18 CPR-1000 reactors have been built as of December 2019. Besides Ling Ao unit 3 & 4, the CPR-1000 reactor has been realised in Fangchenggang (unit 1 & 2), Fangjiashan (unit 1 & 2), Hongyanhe (unit 1–4), Ningde (unit 1–4), Yangjiang (unit 1–4).
Design
On the basis of the M310, CGN developed an improved Generation II pressurized water reactor called CPR-1000. CPR-1000 takes a large proportion in all the reactors being built in China. The M310 uses as its base design units 5 & 6 of the Gravelines Nuclear Power Station in France.
The CPR-1000 has a 1086 MWe capacity, a three-loop design and 157 fuel assemblies (active length 12 ft), enriched to 4.5% U-235. The fuel assembly design is AREVA's 17x17 AFA 3G M5, which can be fabricated in China. Other features include has a design life that could extend beyond 40 years and an 18-month fuel cycle. It has a digital instrumentation and control system, and is equipped with hydrogen recombiners and containment spray pumps.
The original M310 reactors at Daya Bay and Ling Ao Phase 1 are sometimes also called CPR-1000s, but these are closely based on the French 900 MWe design (M310), with net power output below 1,000 MWe, and using mostly imported components.
Some CPR-1000 intellectual property rights are retained by Areva, which limits overseas sales potential. However the Financial Times reported in 2010 that Areva was considering marketing the CPR-1000 as a smaller and simpler second-generation reactor design alongside its larger EPR, for countries that are new to nuclear power. In January 2012, CGNPG agreed a partnership with Areva and EDF to develop a reactor based on the CPR-1000, which may create a design converged with Mitsubishi and Areva's 1000 MWe Atmea reactor.
CNP-1000 is a similar 3-loop-design by CNNC, but with a different reactor core.
ACPR-1000
In 2010, CGNPG announced a further design evolution to a Generation III level, the ACPR-1000, which would also replace intellectual property right-limited components from the CPR-1000.
CGNPG aimed to be able to independently market the ACPR-1000 for export by 2013. CGNPG has been conducting the development work in cooperation with Dongfang Electric, Shanghai Electric, Harbin Electric, China First Heavy Industries and China Erzhong.
The core of the ACPR1000 comprises 157 fuel assemblies (active length 14 ft) and has a design life of 60 years. Other features include a core catcher and double containment as additional safety measures and ten major technical improvements over its predecessor the CPR-1000. It was the first Chinese reactor to have a domestically developed digital control system. Unit 5 and 6 at Tianwan Nuclear Power Plant are similarly classified as ACPRs.
Yangjiang 5 was the first construction of an ACPR-1000 reactor, starting in late 2013. It began commercial operation in July 2018.
ACPR-1000+
Following the Fukushima nuclear disaster, a revised design called at the time ACPR-1000+ was described.
Features include double containment to protect against external explosions and airplanes, improved seismic capability to 0.3 g, increased core thermal margins and improved operating systems.
The gross power output has been increased to 1150 MWe.
The ACPR-1000+ was envisaged for export from 2014.
Merger of ACP-1000 and ACPR-1000 into Hualong One
Since 2011, CNNC has been progressively merging its ACP-1000 nuclear power station design with the CGN ACPR-1000 design, while allowing some differences, under direction of the Chinese nuclear regulator. Both are three-loop designs originally based on the same French M310 design used in Daya Bay with 157 fuel assemblies, but went through different development processes (CNNC's ACP-1000 has a more domestic design with 177 fuel assemblies while CGN's ACPR-1000 is a closer copy with 157 fuel assemblies). In early 2014, it was announced that the merged design was moving from preliminary design to detailed design. Power output will be 1150 MWe, with a 60-year design life, and would use a combination of passive and active safety systems with a double containment. CNNC's 177 fuel assembly design was retained.
Initially the merged design was to be called the ACC-1000, but ultimately it was named Hualong One. In August 2014 the Chinese nuclear regulator review panel classified the design as a Generation III reactor design, with independently owned intellectual property rights. As a result of the success of the merger, ACP-1000 and ACPR-1000 designs are no longer being offered.
See also
Generation II reactor
Generation III reactor
Nuclear power
Nuclear power in China
References
External links
CPR1000 Design, Safety Performance and Operability, Steven Lau, Daya Bay Nuclear Power Operations and Management Company, 5 July 2011.
The Proprietary Brand Technology of Chinese Nuclear Power 1000MW – CPR1000, Dr. Shaozhang Cui, President, China Nuclear Power Design Company, ISSNP 2008.
China's “Hualong 1” passes the first stage of the UK GDA process, Euan Mearns / Andy Dawson, Energy Matters, 24 November 2017.
Nuclear power reactor types
Pressurized water reactors
Nuclear power in China
The Marshall Library of Economics is a library of the University of Cambridge, England.
History
The library is the outgrowth of a Moral Sciences Library begun in 1885 by Professor Alfred Marshall and Professor Henry Sidgwick, consisting largely of their own books and housed in the Selwyn Divinity School, opposite St John's College. Since 2012 the library had also held books of the Centre of Development Studies, which had been housed in the Mill Lane Library.
Upon his death in 1924, Professor Marshall bequeathed much of his personal library to Cambridge. In his honour, the expanded collection was named "The Marshall Library of Economics", and moved to larger quarters in the former Balfour Laboratory in Downing Place. In 1935, it took over the former Squire Law Library, adjoining the Geological Museum, and in the early 1960s relocated once again to its present home on the Sidgwick Site. The Marshall Library is housed within the Austin Robinson Building (which is home to the Faculty of Economics), designed by Hugh Casson.
Collections
The library covers Economics, Applied Economics, and Development Studies. The collection consists of approximately 75,000 monographs, 25,000 volumes of periodicals and serials, 30 current periodical titles (print). The historic collection includes about 4,000 rare books, and various archival materials of economists (e.g. John Neville Keynes, Arthur Pigou, Austin Robinson).
References
External links
Marshall Library of Economics Library Guide
1924 establishments in England
Libraries of the University of Cambridge
Institutions in the School of the Humanities and Social Sciences, University of Cambridge
Economics libraries
The Oliver Typewriter Company was an American typewriter manufacturer headquartered in Chicago, Illinois. The Oliver Typewriter was one of the first "visible print" typewriters, meaning text was visible to the typist as it was entered. Oliver typewriters were marketed heavily for home use, using local distributors and sales on credit. Oliver produced more than one million machines between 1895 and 1928 and licensed its designs to several international firms.
Competitive pressure and financial troubles resulted in the company's liquidation in 1928. The company's assets were purchased by investors who formed The British Oliver Typewriter Company, which manufactured and licensed the machines until its own closure in the late 1950s. The last Oliver typewriter was produced in 1959.
History
Thomas Oliver
Thomas Oliver was born in Woodstock, Ontario, Canada, on August 1, 1852. Having become interested in religion, Oliver moved to Monticello, Iowa, after the death of his mother, to serve as a Methodist minister. In 1888, Oliver began to develop his first typewriter, made from strips of tin cans, as a means of producing more legible sermons. He was awarded his first typewriter patent, US Patent No. 450,107, on April 7, 1891. After four years of development, a "crude working model" composed of 500 parts had been produced. Oliver resigned his ministry and moved to Epworth, Iowa, where he found investors willing to provide $15,000 ($ in ) of capital, and leased a building in which to manufacture his machines.
While visiting Chicago to promote the machine, Oliver encountered businessman Delavan Smith, who became interested in the typewriter and bought the stock held by the Iowa investors. Oliver was given a 65% interest in the company and retained to continue development of the typewriter, at an annual salary of $3,000 ($ per year in ). Oliver died suddenly of heart disease on February 9, 1909, aged 56.
Illinois years
The Oliver Typewriter Company had begun operating in 1895, with its Chicago headquarters on the ninth floor of a building on the corner of Dearborn and Randolph Street. In 1896, manufacturing moved from Iowa to Woodstock, Illinois, when the City of Woodstock donated a vacant factory once used by the Wheeler and Tappan Company on the condition that the Oliver Typewriter Company remain there at least five years. Manufacturing was divided into six departments: type bar, carriage, assembly, tabulators and adjustment, inspection, and an aligning room. The company's headquarters moved to the Oliver Building, now a Chicago landmark on the National Register of Historic Places, when it was completed in 1907.
Starting in 1899, the company established sales networks by encouraging customers to become local distributors. This method of marketing relied on word of mouth and emphasized sales made directly to neighbors (door-to-door) and, after 1905, sales on credit. In response to increased competition in the late 1910s, however, the company eliminated its network of local salesman and used the resulting savings in commissions to reduce the typewriter's $100 ($ in ) price by half. Sales increased and, at its peak, the company's labor force of 875 was producing 375 machines daily. During World War I the company produced munitions for the British army and supplied typewriters for the military. At the war's conclusion, the company subcontracted their factory to create car parts and movie projectors.
In addition to its offices in Illinois, the company had branch offices in Baltimore, Buffalo, Cleveland, Kansas City, Minneapolis, New York City, Omaha, St. Louis, San Francisco and Seattle, all of which closed when Oliver shifted to mail order sales in March 1917. A minor recession in 1921–22 caused a large number of customers to default on their payments, resulting in the repossession of their typewriters. The company opted not to borrow money and, in 1926, the board of directors voted to liquidate the company. Only one employee, Chester Nelson, was retained to oversee the company's liquidation.
British Oliver Typewriter Company
In 1928, the Oliver Typewriter Company was sold to investors who formed the British Oliver Typewriter Company in Croydon, England and established a factory there. Production of Oliver's original, three-rowed keyboard design was discontinued in 1931 when the company began to produce a rebranded model of the "Fortuna" typewriter, a four-rowed German design. In 1935, the company began to produce the Halda-Norden standard typewriter, another licensed design, as model No. 20. The company, however, had to retool its machines and return to the original Oliver design when the British government placed large orders for the three-rowed No. 15 at the outbreak of World War II.
Production of the No. 20 resumed around 1947, at which time the company began to license the Oliver name to several European manufacturing companies. The standard desktop machine was eventually discontinued in favour of portable models; the company began to sell a German design, the Siemag Standard, as the Oliver standard. In 1958, Oliver purchased the Byron Typewriter Company, previously the Barlock Typewriter Company, of Nottingham. The licensing ventures were ultimately unsuccessful, and the company's machine tools were transferred to a factory in Germany. Production of all Oliver typewriters ended in May 1959.
Typewriters
Design
The general design of Oliver typewriters remained mostly unchanged throughout the company's history. The Olivers are "down strike" typewriters, meaning the typebars strike the platen (also known as the roller) from above, rather than from below ("up strike") or from the front ("front strike"). Unlike the "up strike" method, which prints text out of sight on the underside of the platen, the "down strike" is a "visible print" design, meaning the full page is visible to the typist as the text is being entered. The relatively greater striking power of the "down strike" design led Olivers to be preferred for specialty uses such as stencil cutting or "manifolding" (copying using carbon paper). The "front strike" method, a competing "visible print" design, was patented around the same time (1889–91), but an effective machine that did not interfere with the typist's line of sight was not available until 1897 when, roughly three years after the introduction of the Oliver No. 1, the Underwood No. 1 appeared on the market.
The Oliver's typebars are bent in a bow (forming an inverted "U" shape) and rest in "towers" on the sides of the typewriter. This design limited the machine to a three-row QWERTY keyboard as the typebars were stacked such that they grew progressively larger as more were added. The size and usability implications of adding additional keys and thus, more typebars, precluded the addition of a fourth keyboard row dedicated to numbers. Although a four-row prototype was designed in 1922, it was shelved due to the company's financial troubles at that time. The No. 20, No. 21 and portable models produced by the British Oliver Typewriter Company had four-row keyboards.
Colour
Oliver typewriters were finished with olive green paint or nickel-plating and white or black keyboards, depending on customer preference. Beginning with model No. 3, machines were painted green except some variants to be exported to warm or damp regions, which were chrome-plated. The colour was changed from green to black on the introduction of model No. 11. Oliver typewriters made for the British war effort were supplied with a "war finish".
Models
United States
The following models were produced in the United States between 1894 and 1928:
With the exception of model No. 2, even-numbered models were produced with extra keys (32 versus 28 keys) for sale in countries with accented languages.
United Kingdom
The following models were produced by the British Oliver Typewriter Company between 1930 and 1942:
International
Oliver typewriter designs were licensed for production in several countries. Variants of model No. 3 were produced by The Linotype Company of Montreal and A. Greger & Co. of Vienna. Models produced by licensees were marketed under various names including "Courier" (Austria), "Fiver" (Germany), "Stolzenberg" (continental Europe) and "Revilo" (Argentina). The Argentinian licensee used Revilo, Oliver backwards, to avoid royalty payments on the Oliver name, which had already been registered in Argentina. A heavy, 28-pound, nickel-plated model No. 3 was designed to avoid rust in warm, damp climates; by 1907, Mexico was importing them, with a market value of around US$100 in 1910 (the equivalent of about $2,100 in 2013).
Legacy
The 1915 novel Los de Abajo by Mariano Azuela was about the declining value of a pillaged typewriter for Mexican revolutionaries who had to carry the heavy device on their journeys; it featured an Oliver Typewriter model No. 3.
References
Further reading
External links
All Things Typewriter.com – Oliver
Jett Morton's Collection
ETCetera – Magazine of the Early Typewriter Collectors Association
Oliver – The Standard Visible Typewriter
Oliver Typewriter Brochure ca. 1908
Companies based in McHenry County, Illinois
Manufacturing companies established in 1895
Defunct manufacturing companies based in Chicago
Privately held companies based in Illinois
Typewriters
Woodstock, Illinois
1895 establishments in Illinois
Manufacturing companies disestablished in 1928
1928 disestablishments in Illinois
Mohamed Madi (born 12 September 1967) is a Tunisian handball player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
1967 births
Living people
Tunisian male handball players
Olympic handball players of Tunisia
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Chirapsina hemixantha is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in India and Vietnam.
The wingspan is 30–32 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is ferruginous cream with more rust suffusions especially in terminal part of the wing. The strigulation (fine streaking) is rust coloured and the markings are pale rust with much darker, linear edges. The hindwings are cream orange.
The larvae are polyphagous.
References
Moths described in 1918
Archipini
José Felipe Flores (Ciudad Real, Chiapas, Kingdom of Guatemala 1 May 1751 – Madrid, Spain 20 June 1824) was a prestigious physician and Medicine teaching pioneer in Central America. He graduated from the Royal and Pontifical University of San Carlos Borromeo, and in 1781 became a faculty member of both the University and San Juan de Dios Hospital.
Biography
Flores arrived at a very young age to Santiago de los Caballeros de Guatemala and studied in the Jesuit school; then we attended the Royal and Pontifical University of San Carlos Borromeo where he graduated with a B.S. in Medicine in 1773.
Using an inoculation method when there was a measles outbreak in Guatemala in 1780. The epidemic was contained and Dr. Flores obtained great success with the introduction of the vaccine in the kingdom. In 1785 he gave the hospital medical equipment and he considered as the founding father of Medicine education in both Guatemala and in Central America.
He was a brilliant faculty member in the college of Medicine and, in order to make Anatomy and Physiology studies easier, designed and built life size statues that clearly showed the organs of the human body; the organs could be removed and placed back according to the students needs. The mannequins also helped in the teaching of Osteology, Myology and other related medical sciences. Finally, he also helped in Optics, with lenses that he invented.
In 1797, with a scholarship from the government, Flores went on a four-year journey where he visited several American and European medical facilities. In Philadelphia he learned about Luigi Galvani's electrical experiments with frogs and later on he made studies on this of his own. When he arrived in Italia, he not only met Galvani, but Felice Fontana as well, whom he admired as scientist and maker of anatomic wax models. In Madrid, in 1803, he gets in contact with Antoni de Gimbernat and made a report before the Surgeons Board about the need of a vaccination campaign in Spanish America, supported by the government.
Awards
In recognition of his multiple merits, he was appointed as the first legal doctor in Guatemala, leading the Medical Board Court.
Due to his massive medical skills, the King of Spain appointed him as his personal physician.
Starting in 1900, the College of Medicine of the National University granted the "José Felipe Flores" award to the best doctoral thesis each year at the Fiestas Minervalias.
Works
Flores wrote several medical documents, among them one called Específico nuevamente descubierto en Guatemala para la cura del Cáncer y otras enfermedades más frecuentes (Newly discovered specific in Guatemala to cure Cancer and other more frequent illnesses). The cure consisted on eating small meatballs from a small lizard common to certain regions in Central America. The document was translated into French and German, and was discussed in medical forums. The lizard was included as curative in the medical lexicon.
Death
Flores died in Madrid, Spain, in 1824.
In Literature
He is the famous "doctor Sánchez", who appears in José Milla y Vidaurre's Memorias de un Abogado (A lawyer's memoirs).
See also
Santiago de los Caballeros de Guatemala
University of San Carlos of Guatemala
Notes
References
Sources
External links
1751 births
1824 deaths
Universidad de San Carlos de Guatemala faculty
Universidad de San Carlos de Guatemala alumni
Guatemalan physicians
Guatemalan scientists
The Sorum-class seagoing tugboat, also known as Project 745P in Russian Coast Guard service, is a seagoing tug that is currently in service in the Russian Coast Guard and was in other services at one point. These vessels will perform the standard missions of a seagoing tug boat with other missions such as protecting and patrolling Russian maritime borders, enforcing navigational rules and law enforcement, search and rescue, and fisheries protection.
Design
The tugs are modified versions of the original Project 745. They are armed with two 30 mm guns giving them the ability to fire on surface, air, and ground targets and are equipped with the Kolonka-1 fire control system to control these weapons. They are equipped with electric motors, and diesel generators.
History
One seagoing tug was involved in an incident involving Greenpeace where the tug fired warning shots, and later seized a Greenpeace vessel after they attempted to board an oil rig in the Arctic in 2013.
Another Sorum-class tugboat rammed a Ukrainian tug in the Azov Sea on 25 November 2018.
See also
List of ships of Russia by project number
References
Patrol vessels
Kanatlarci (, ), according to the 2001 census, is the largest village and second largest settlement in the municipality of Prilep, North Macedonia. It used to be part of the former municipality of Topolčani.
Demographics
According to the 2002 census, the village had a total of 972 inhabitants. Ethnic groups in the village include:
Turks 791
Macedonians 111
Bosniaks 69
Albanians 1
References
External links
Villages in Prilep Municipality
Turkish communities in North Macedonia
Tsugio (written: , or ) is a masculine Japanese given name. Notable people with the name include:
, Japanese figure skater
Tsugio Hattori (1951–1998), American painter
, Japanese rower
Japanese racing driver
, Japanese photographer
, Japanese sport wrestler
Japanese masculine given names
William Frederick Horry, also known as Fred Horry (December 1843 – 1 April 1872), was the first person to be hanged by Victorian hangman William Marwood, and the first to fall using the long drop method. He was hanged at Lincoln Castle, Lincoln, England on 1 April 1872, aged 28, for the murder of his wife, Jane Horry.
Biography and crime
Horry was born in December 1843, in Boston, Lincolnshire, England. He married Jane in 1866 and they took over the George Hotel together in Burslem, Staffordshire, England. By September 1871, the two were estranged due to Horry's alcoholism and accusations of Jane's infidelity with customers. Jane went to live with Horry's father in Boston with their children whilst William stayed at the hotel.
William made attempts to visit his family but due to his abusive behaviour, he was barred from further visits. Unable to maintain the business on his own, he sold the hotel and moved to Nottingham. In 1872, William pleaded with his wife a final time to return to him with their children. After being unsuccessful, he travelled to Nottingham, purchased a revolver and ammunition before returning again to Boston to murder his wife.
Trial and execution
At his trial on 31 March 1872, he pleaded insanity but the prosecution successfully argued that the crime was premeditated. He was sentenced to death by hanging the following day.
William refused all appeals and was executed by William Marwood on 1 April. William Marwood had never hanged anyone before but persuaded the authorities in Lincoln to allow him to try a new "long drop" method. The long drop method is designed to snap the condemned persons neck instantly, causing unconsciousness and eventually asphyxiation, it was considered a more humane method than the existing short drop method that had been used for centuries. The execution went without any complications and Marwood went on to hang 176 people.
A memorial to William Frederick Horry exists in Burslem, Staffordshire consisting of a granite obelisk. William is buried in a simple grave in the Lucy Tower of Lincoln Castle. The grave (featuring only the initials of the condemned and the date of death) is well preserved and is still visible, along with many other criminals' graves.
The name Horry is still common in the Lincolnshire area, but William's particular line has apparently died out following the First World War.
See also
Official Table of Drops - The long drop method evolved into this standardised method which was used for British hangings until 1964. It is still used in many countries around the world.
References
1843 births
1872 deaths
People executed for murder
People from Boston, Lincolnshire
Executed people from Lincolnshire
19th-century executions by England and Wales
1872 murders in the United Kingdom
Leonów may refer to the following places:
Leonów, Piotrków County in Łódź Voivodeship (central Poland)
Leonów, Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Leonów, Lublin County in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Leonów, Zgierz County in Łódź Voivodeship (central Poland)
Leonów, Garwolin County in Masovian Voivodeship (east-central Poland)
Leonów, Mińsk County in Masovian Voivodeship (east-central Poland)
Leonów, Płock County in Masovian Voivodeship (east-central Poland)
Leonów, Sochaczew County in Masovian Voivodeship (east-central Poland)
Leonów, Greater Poland Voivodeship (west-central Poland)
This article presents lists of the literary events and publications in 1591.
Events
May – A dispute with James Burbage impels the Admiral's Men to leave The Theatre and move to Philip Henslowe's Rose Theatre in London.
Summer – Sir Walter Ralegh secretly marries Elizabeth Throckmorton.
October 4 – John Lyly's Midas is entered in the Stationers' Register.
November 8 – Publisher Thomas Millington becomes a "freeman" (full member) of the Stationers' Company.
Poet and historian Andrea Cornaro founds in Candia (modern-day Heraklion on Crete) the philological academy L'Accademia degli Stravaganti ("Academy of the Strange"), his brother, poet Vitsentzos Kornaros, being among the other members.
Publication of the first of the Conimbricenses commentaries on Aristotle by the Jesuits of the University of Coimbra, Commentarii Collegii Conimbricensis Societatis Jesu in octo libros physicorum Aristotelis Stagyritæ, on Aristotle's Physics.
New books
Prose
Andrea Alciato – Emblemata
Robert Greene – Greene's Farewell to Folly
John Greenwood – A Breife Refutation of Mr George Giffard, etc.
Melis Stoke – Rijmkroniek (History of the Netherlands, written in the 14th century)
"A. W." – A Book of Cookrye
Children
Anonymous – A Pretty and Splendid Maiden's Mirror (in Swedish)
Drama
Anonymous
Fair Em, the Miller's Daughter of Manchester (approximate date of first performance)
Mucedorus (approximate date of first performance)
The Troublesome Reign of King John (perhaps by George Peele; published)
John Lyly – Endymion, the Man in the Moon (published)
Muretus – Julius Caesar (published)
Robert Wilmot – Tancred and Gismund (published)
Poetry
Sir John Harington – Orlando Furioso in English Heroical Verse
James VI of Scotland – Lepanto
Sir Philip Sidney (died 1586) – Astrophel and Stella
Births
March 6 – Tommaso Tamburini, Italian Jesuit theologian (died 1675)
August – Robert Herrick, English poet (died 1674)
Unknown dates
Thomas Goffe, English dramatist (died 1629)
Ivan Bunić Vučić, Ragusa poet (died 1658)
Deaths
February 28 – Arthur Faunt, English Jesuit missionary (born 1554)
July 7 – Noël du Fail, French short story writer (born c. 1520)
July 22 – Veronica Franco, Venetian poet and courtesan (born 1546)
August 23 – Luis de León, Castilian poet, theologian and orator (born 1527)
December 21 – John of the Cross, Castilian poet and friar (born 1542)
Unknown date – Johann Fischart, German satirist (born c. 1545)
References
Years of the 16th century in literature
The white-crested spadebill (Platyrinchus platyrhynchos) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae. It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Guyana, Peru, Suriname, and Venezuela. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
References
white-crested spadebill
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Guianas
white-crested spadebill
white-crested spadebill
Birds of Brazil
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Roll Call is a newspaper and website published in Washington, D.C., United States, when the United States Congress is in session, reporting news of legislative and political maneuverings on Capitol Hill, as well as political coverage of congressional elections across the country.
Roll Call is the flagship publication of CQ Roll Call, which also operates: CQ (formerly Congressional Quarterly), publisher of a subscriber-based service for daily and weekly news about Congress and politics, as well as a weekly magazine. Roll Call's regular columnists are Walter Shapiro, Mary C. Curtis, Patricia Murphy, and Stu Rothenberger.
History
Roll Call was founded in 1955 by Sid Yudain, a press secretary to Congressman Al Morano (R-Conn.). The inaugural issue of the newspaper was published on June 16, 1955, with an initial printing of 10,000 copies. Richard Nixon, then Vice President of the United States, wrote a letter to Yudain congratulating him on the new venture. Nixon's letter ran on the front page of the inaugural issue.
In 1986, Yudain sold Roll Call to Arthur Levitt, who was serving as the chairman of the American Stock Exchange at the time of the sale. Yudain continued to work as a columnist at Roll Call after the sale.
The Economist Group acquired Roll Call in 1993. Roll Call merged with CQ in 2009 after the latter company was purchased by The Economist Group.
In July 2018, a deal was announced for CQ Roll Call to be acquired by FiscalNote.
Brand franchises
"Heard on the Hill"
In January 1988, Roll Call launched the "Heard on the Hill" column, which covers the intrigue of life and work in and around Capitol Hill. Alex Gangitano wrote Heard on the Hill from 2014 to 2018 before leaving to cover lobbying for The Hill. On 30 April 2019, Roll Call announced the current Heard on the Hill writing team of Clyde McGrady and Kathryn Lyons.
Congressional Baseball Game
In 1962, Roll Call began sponsoring the annual Congressional Baseball Game for Charity. In 1965, the first Roll Call Trophy was awarded—to the Republican team, which was the first team to win three games since Roll Call began its sponsorship. Since then, a new trophy has been awarded to the next team that wins three games (over the next three, four, or five years), following the year in which the most recent trophy was awarded. Roll Call also sponsors the Congressional Baseball Hall of Fame.
Notable Roll Call staff
Kathryn Lyons, Heard on the Hill reporter
Camila Dechalus, Immigration Reporter
Kathryn Tully McManus, Congressional Reporter
Rebecca Adams, Senior Editor
Megan Scully, Senior Editor
Ed Timms, Investigations Editor
Herb Jackson, Politics Editor
Jason Dick, Deputy Editor
Lindsey Gilbert, Deputy Editor
Lindsey McPherson, Senior Writer
Niels Lesniewski, Senior Writer
John M. Donnelly, Senior Writer
Jennifer Shutt, Budget and Appropriations Reporter
Bridget Bowman, Politics Reporter
Simone Pathé, Politics Reporter
Stephanie Akin, Politics Reporter
Kate Ackley, Lobbying Reporter
Notable Roll Call alumni
Mary Ann Akers, staff writer for Politico
Christina Bellantoni, assistant managing editor for politics for Los Angeles Times
Chris Cillizza, politics reporter and editor-at-large for CNN
Tim Curran, Sunday Editor for The Washington Post
Steven T. Dennis, Senate reporter for Bloomberg
Matt Fuller, politics editor for The Daily Beast
Emily Heil, co-author the Reliable Source, The Washington Post
Ed Henry, chief national correspondent for Fox News Channel
Paul Kane, senior congressional correspondent for The Washington Post
Pablo Manriquez, publicist at Center for Investigative Reporting
Steve Kornacki, national political correspondent for NBC News and MSNBC
John McArdle, producer and co-host for C-SPAN's Washington Journal
Norah O'Donnell, co-anchor for CBS This Morning
Ben Pershing, Managing Editor for National Journal
Mark Preston, executive editor for CNN Politics
Glenn R. Simpson, Founder of Fusion GPS
Jake Tapper, anchor for CNN's The Lead with Jake Tapper and State of the Union
Nina Totenberg, correspondent for National Public Radio
Jim VandeHei, co-founder and CEO of Axios; former executive editor and co-founder of Politico
Rachel Van Dongen, editor of PowerPost for The Washington Post
Political Theater Podcast
Political Theater Podcast is a Roll Call podcast hosted by Jason Dick.
See also
List of newspapers in Washington, D.C.
References
External links
1955 establishments in Washington, D.C.
Economist Group
Legislative branch of the United States government
Newspapers published in Washington, D.C.
Publications established in 1955
Alligata Software Ltd. was a computer games developer and publisher based in Sheffield in the UK in the 1980s.
The company was founded by brothers Mike and Tim Mahony and their father J.R. Mahony in 1983. They produced games for a number of home computers including the Commodore 64, BBC Micro, Acorn Electron, ZX Spectrum and Dragon 32. The company published many of Tony Crowther's early Commodore 64 games, including Aztec Tomb, Blagger and Loco. Chris Butler was another programmer whose earlier games were released by Alligata. The company also published budget priced software under the Budgie label.
Tim Mahony took over the day-to-day running of the company in 1987 and closed the company nine months later. The name and back catalogue were sold to Superior Software. Two titles were released under the joint Superior/Alligata label for ports of Superior's BBC/Electron games to other systems. Superior also included some old Alligata games on their Play It Again Sam compilations.
Games
1983 Aztec Tomb (C64)
1983 Here Comes The Sun (ZX Spectrum)
1983 Bug Blaster (C64, BBC Micro, Acorn Electron)
1983 Lunar Rescue (BBC Micro, Acorn Electron)
1983 Blagger (C64, BBC Micro, Acorn Electron, MSX, Commodore 16) A version was also released through Amsoft for the Amstrad CPC
1984 Loco (C64, ZX Spectrum, Atari 8-bit)
1984 Son of Blagger (C64, ZX Spectrum, BBC Micro)
1985 Who Dares Wins (C64)
1985 Jack Charlton's Match Fishing (C64, ZX Spectrum)
1985 Blagger Goes to Hollywood (C64)
1986 Who Dares Wins II (C64, ZX Spectrum, BBC Micro, MSX, Amstrad CPC)
1986 Night World (BBC Micro, Acorn Electron)
1987 Kettle (C64, ZX Spectrum, Amstrad CPC)
1987 Livingstone, I Presume? (C64, ZX Spectrum, MSX, Amstrad CPC) UK release of Spanish Opera Soft game Livingstone, Supongo
1987 Addicta Ball (C64, MSX, Amiga, Atari ST)
1988 By Fair Means or Foul (C64, ZX Spectrum, Amstrad CPC) A Superior/Alligata release
1989 Repton Mania (ZX Spectrum) Ports of the first 2 Repton games - A Superior/Alligata release
Budgie label
Alligata published budget games under the Budgie label from 1985. When a typical Alligata game would cost around £6.95, Budgie games sold for only £1.99 in order to compete with the likes of budget software pioneer Mastertronic, already selling games at that level. Almost all titles were original rather than re-issues of Alligata games. Probably the most well known game is space to shoot 'em up Video's Revenge (BBC Micro, Acorn Electron) with others including Convoy (ZX Spectrum), Super Sam (ZX Spectrum, Amstrad CPC), Raskel (C64) and Shuffle (BBC Micro, Acorn Electron).
References
External links
Alligata at World of Spectrum
Alligata at the BBC Games Archive
Budgie at World of Spectrum
Who Dares Wins game ending by Alligata Software
Video game companies of the United Kingdom
Video game companies established in 1983
1983 establishments in England
The West Raleigh Historic District in Raleigh, North Carolina is a national historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003. Located 1.5 miles (2.41 km) west-northwest of the State Capitol, the district encompasses approximately . Neighborhoods in the district include: Bedford Heights, Bagwell, Blue Moon Ridge, College Crest (now known as Stanhope), Fairmont, Forest Hills, Harris-Chamberlain, and Wilmont. Most homes in these neighborhoods are one-story and were constructed between the 1930s to 1950s. While the district is mostly residential, churches and commercial buildings are common along Hillsborough Street.
Enterprise Street, Chamberlain Street, and Rosemont Avenue form the eastern boundaries of the district. Mayview Road, Rosedale Avenue, Ruffin Street, and Furches Street form the northern boundary while Faircloth Street is the district's western boundary. Hillsborough Street forms the southern boundary, except from Dixie Trail to Henderson Street where the boundary moves southward to include the Stanhope neighborhood. Most of the district residents include faculty and students from North Carolina State University.
See also
List of Registered Historic Places in North Carolina
References
External links
Map of the West Raleigh Historic District
National Register Historic Districts in Raleigh, North Carolina, RHDC
West Raleigh Historic District, RHDC
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Colonial Revival architecture in North Carolina
Neighborhoods in Raleigh, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Raleigh, North Carolina
The Cal 39 Mark II and Cal 39 Mark III are a series of American sailboats that were designed by C. William Lapworth as racer-cruisers to fit the International Offshore Rule and first built in 1978.
The Cal 39 Mark II replaced the Cal 39 in the company product line and was in turn replaced by the derivative variant Cal 39 Mark III in 1983. The Mark III design was than replaced by the clean sheet Cal 39 (Hunt/O'Day) design in 1988.
Production
The designs were built by Jensen Marine/Cal Yachts in the United States, which was owned by Bangor Punta at that time. About 150 were completed between 1978 and 1986, but the boat is now out of production.
Design
The factory brochure for the boat describes the Mark II design goals as, "A Cruiser Built For Speed, Not Rating Points".
The Cal 39 Mark II and Mark III are recreational keelboats, built predominantly of fiberglass, with balsa-cored decks and wooden trim. They both have raked stems, slightly raised counter reverse transoms, spade-type rudders, controlled by a wheel and fixed fin keels. The spars are of painted aluminum.
The design has sleeping accommodation for six people. There is a bow cabin with a double "V"-berth, an aft double cabin on the port side and two settee berths in the main cabin. The galley is located to the starboard side, at the foot of the companionway steps and includes a three-burner, alcohol-fired stove and an oven, as well as an icebox. The main cabin has a folding dining table. There is a head on the port side, aft of the bow cabin and a second one was factory option, in place of the navigation table, aft on the port side. Pressurized hot and cold water is provided.
Ventilation and light includes eight opening ports along with the four fixed ones, deadlights over the head and passageway and a dorade vent over the galley, plus two translucent hatches, over the bow cabin and the main cabin.
The "T"-shaped cockpit has a winch for the mainsheet, two winches for the halyards and two genoa winches. The halyards and outhaul are mounted internally. The mainsheet traveler has a 5:1 mechanical advantage. There are also jib tracks and an anchor locker in the bow.
Variants
Mark II
This model was introduced in 1978 and produced until 1982. It has a cutter rig, a length overall of , a waterline length of , a beam of , displaces and carries of lead ballast. The boat has a draft of with the standard keel and with the optional shoal draft keel. A tall rig was also available. The boat is fitted with a British Perkins Engines 4108 diesel engine of or a Volkswagen Pathfinder diesel, for docking and maneuvering. The fuel tank holds and the fresh water tank has a capacity of . The boat has a PHRF racing average handicap of 114 with the standard rig, or 106 with the tall rig. The Portsmouth Yardstick racing average is 75.4 with the standard rig.
Mark III
This improved model was introduced in 1983 and produced until 1986. It has a masthead sloop rig, a length overall of , a waterline length of , a beam of , displaces and carries of lead ballast. The boat has a draft of with the standard keel and with the optional shoal draft keel. A tall rig was also available. The boat is fitted with a Universal or Pathfinder diesel engine of . The fuel tank holds and the fresh water tank has a capacity of .
Operational history
In a 1994 review of the Mark II, Richard Sherwood wrote, "a Lapworth design, this Cal has a long water line, aft-extending rudder, and a substantial sailplan. In addition to the two rigs offered, a shoal-draft keel is available. The fastest boat incorporates the tall rig and the deep keel, with a PHRF of about 106."
A report in Boats.com from 2003 stated, "both the Cal 39, built by Jensen Marine of Costa Mesa, California, and the Cal 39 MK III, built by Bangor Punta in Fall River, Massachusetts, are jewels in the tradition of most Bill Lapworth designs. Built between 1978 and 1986, they are true racer/cruisers sailors' boats with high performance on all points of sail, but with cruising accommodations that make them ideal boats to retrofit for offshore passagemaking."
A 2008 review by John Kretschmer in Sailing Magazine described the Mark II as, "an ideal boat to consider for long-range cruising". He wrote, "launched in 1978, the Cal 39 was built during the hectic period when Cal's manufacturing shifted to Tampa, Florida, and then up to Fall River, Massachusetts, as the company struggled to re-establish its identity. Still, when all the glass cures, it is really the design that carries the day, and in typical fashion Lapworth was ahead of the curve with the 39. It was a genuine performance cruiser before there really was such an animal, and as such, the design not only seems less dated than others from this period, it is still highly desirable as a capable and affordable cruiser."
See also
List of sailing boat types
Similar sailboats
Baltic 40
Cal 39
Corbin 39
Freedom 39
Freedom 39 PH
Islander 40
Nautical 39
Nordic 40
References
Keelboats
1970s sailboat type designs
Sailing yachts
Sailboat type designs by Bill Lapworth
Sailboat types built by Cal Yachts
Josephine Weiss (1805–1852) was an Austrian ballet dancer and dance troupe leader who travelled Europe and the United States with her team of young girls, Les Danseuses Viennoises ("the Viennoise Children").
Early life
Weiss was born in Austria in 1805. She spent much of her early life dancing for various Austrian ballet companies, including the Kärntnertor Theater in Vienna, where she was a soloist from 1820 to 1826. Whilst there, she met and married Eduard Weiss, a comic actor.
Career
By 1844 Weiss had been appointed as a ballet mistress for the Josephsstädter Theater and had formed her own troupe of young girls – Les Danseuses Viennoises. The dancers were aged between five and twelve years old, and under the guidance of Weiss the troupe toured Europe widely, and were even watched by Queen Victoria in London. In November and December 1844 the troupe performed at The Royal Dutch Theatre at The Hague in the Netherlands, however local newspapers expressed concern that such young children were being trained for stage performances.
In 1846 Weiss arranged a tour to the United States and on 22 September they boarded the SS Great Britain in Liverpool headed for New York. One day into the journey, however, the ship ran ashore in Dundrum Bay in Northern Ireland. Other passengers recalled the event in diaries, with one writing that ‘the Viennese children kept crying violently around Madame Weiss'. The troupe were collected by ships and returned to Liverpool the following day, where they were asked to perform at the Royal Adelphi Theater. The troupe eventually did make the journey to the United States, and performed in Philadelphia, New York City, St. Louis, Mobile and New Orleans between November 1846 and February 1847 under the name "the Viennoise Children". In April 1848 they performed a second season in St. Louis. On several occasions during preparations for performances in the south of the United States, it was noted by observers that Weiss was often angry with the children and swore at them in both German and English, causing some to approach her and ask her to moderate her language. In 1848, the troupe was closed down due to moral objections.
Later in her career, Weiss taught ballet at the National Ballet Theatre School in Zagreb.
Death
Josephine Weiss died suddenly on 18 December 1852
References
1805 births
1852 deaths
Austrian ballerinas
19th-century Austrian ballet dancers
The Connington South rail crash occurred on 5 March 1967 on the East Coast Main Line near the village of Conington, Huntingdonshire, England. Five passengers were killed and 18 were injured.
The 22:30 express from King's Cross to Edinburgh, hauled by D9004 The Queens Own Highlander, was travelling along the Down Fast line at around 75 mph when the rear portion of the train was derailed to the left. The last four coaches came to rest on their sides and two others were derailed.
Investigation
The interlocking showed that the Home signal had been at Danger when the accident occurred, but the driver and secondman stated that it was displaying Green until it passed out of their sight.
Just beyond the Home signal there were points for controlling movements from the Down Fast to the Down Goods line, and it was on these that the train was derailed. The points were locked in position by two means:
A standard mechanical lock, operated by a lever in the lever frame. It could not be released unless the Home signal was at Danger.
An electrical lock, which engaged if a track circuit just beyond the Home signal was occupied by a train.
No fault was found with either the track or the train.
Immediately after the accident, 20-year-old signalman A. J. Frost claimed that he had accidentally changed the points while "swinging" on the levers. The Railway Inspectorate inquiry into the accident surmised that, as the train approached Connington South signal box, the signalman had:
Replaced the Home signal to Danger just as the locomotive reached it.
Pulled the point lock lever to withdraw the mechanical lock.
Raised the latch of the point lever just before the electrical lock operated.
This sequence would have had to occur in the time between the train passing the Home signal and running on to the track circuit, i.e. in less than two seconds. Tests were conducted using a similar signalling frame to the one at Connington South and it was found that an experienced signalman could just about manage to reproduce the sequence. Thus, it was shown that the interlocking could be defeated.
It was clear that the signalman had stood for some seconds with the points lever slightly out of its frame, moved it just as the sixth coach was passing over it, then returned it to its normal position. This would be a premeditated rather than an accidental act.
Consequences
The signalman had entered the railway service in January 1965 after serving with the Royal Marines. He had been discharged after suffering from "hysteria and immature personality", but this was not known to the railway management at the time, even though his references had been taken up.
He was tried on charges of manslaughter and endangering the safety of railway passengers in November 1968. After a trial lasting 11 days, the judge instructed the jury to acquit him on the charges of manslaughter and sentenced him to two years' imprisonment for unlawfully operating the signal and points mechanism of the Connington South signal box so as to endanger persons being conveyed on a railway, on which charge the signalman had changed his plea to guilty.
See also
Audenshaw Junction rail crash
References
Further reading
Railway accidents and incidents in Huntingdonshire
1967 in England
Railway accidents in 1967
Rail transport in Cambridgeshire
Derailments in England
1967 disasters in the United Kingdom
Imran Khan (born 1952) was the 22nd prime minister of Pakistan, and former captain of the Pakistan national cricket team.
Imran Khan or Imraan Khan may also refer to:
Cricketers
Imraan Khan (born 1984), South African Test cricketer
Imraan Khan (cricketer, born January 1984), South African cricketer for North West
Imran Khan (cricketer, born 1963), Pakistani cricketer for Quetta
Imran Khan (cricketer, born September 1973), Pakistani cricketer for Agriculture Development Bank of Pakistan
Imran Khan (cricketer, born 1975), Pakistani cricketer for Karachi Blues, Karachi Whites, Public Works Department, and Hyderabad
Imran Khan (cricketer, born 1987), Pakistani Test cricketer
Imran Khan (cricketer, born 1988), Pakistani cricketer for Peshawar Panthers
Imran Khan (Afghan cricketer) (born 2001)
Imran Khan (Guyanese cricketer) (born 1982)
Imran Khan (Indian cricketer) (born 1973)
Imran Khan (Sri Lankan cricketer) (born 1992)
Imran Khan (Trinidad and Tobago cricketer) (born 1984)
Other sports people
Imran Hassan Khan (born 1983), Indian sport shooter
Imran Khan (footballer), Indian football midfielder
Imran Khan (kickboxer), British Muay Thai kickboxer
Entertainers
Imran Khan (film actor) (born 1983), Bollywood actor
Imran Khan (singer) (born 1984), Dutch singer of Pakistani descent
Imran Khan, Indian actor in I Luv My India
Imran "Hanzi" Khan, Howard Stern Show Wack Packer
Imran Khan (TV actor), Indian actor, director, writer and producer
Others
Imran Ahmad Khan (born 1973), former British MP
Imran Ahsan Khan Nyazee (born 1945), Pakistani legal scholar
Imran Khan (web developer) (born 1978), Indian web developer; mentioned in a speech by Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi
Imran Khand (1964–2016), British businessman, co-founder and CEO of Picsel
Imran Khan (lawyer) (born 1964), lawyer who acted for Stephen Lawrence's family
Imran Khan (businessman) (born 1977), chief strategy officer of Snap Inc., technology executive, entrepreneur and investor
Imran Khan (journalist) (born 1975), Pakistani journalist
Imran Ullah Khan (born 1932), retired Pakistani Army general
Pakistani masculine given names
RPM was a Canadian magazine that published the best-performing singles of Canada from 1964 to 2000. Thirty-two songs peaked at number one this year, starting with "Do They Know It's Christmas?" by Band-Aid and ending with "Say You, Say Me" by Lionel Richie. Not counting the number-one single from the magazine's first issue, "Do They Know It's Christmas?" was the first song to debut at number one on the RPM Singles Chart. Excluding the musical acts composing Band-Aid, Northern Lights, and USA for Africa, 19 different artists reached the top spot for the first time in 1985.
This year, three artists earned more than one chart-topping single: Phil Collins, Madonna, and Tears for Fears. The three Canadian acts that peaked atop the chart in 1985 were supergroup Northern Lights, Corey Hart, and Platinum Blonde. Hart's single "Never Surrender" spent four weeks at number one and was the best-selling hit of the year. Foreigner, Tears for Fears, John Parr, and supergroup USA for Africa each topped the magazine's chart for three issues with their singles. Phil Collins spent the most weeks at number one, five, with "Easy Lover", "One More Night", and "Separate Lives".
Chart history
See also
1985 in music
List of Billboard Hot 100 number ones of 1985 by Billboard
List of Cash Box Top 100 number-one singles of 1985 by Cashbox
List of number-one albums of 1985 (Canada)
References
External links
Read about RPM Magazine at the AV Trust
Search RPM charts here at Library and Archives Canada
1985 record charts
1985
Las Patronas (English: The Bosses (female)) is a group of volunteer women of La Patrona community, from the town of Guadalupe (La Patrona) in the municipality of Amatlán de los Reyes, Veracruz. Since 1995 the group has provided food and assistance to migrants on their way north through Veracruz. Their work towards the defense of the migrant rights has earned them several awards, such as the National Human Rights Award in 2013. The group was nominated for the Princess of Asturias Award in 2015, after a campaign in Change.org that collected more than 50,000 signatures in support.
History
The group began in La Patrona, Veracruz, on February 14, 1995. On that day, group founders say they purchased food from a store, and saw a train known as The Beast which was carrying migrants, who asked for food. The women gave the migrants food, and returned home, where they spoke about the experience. They then decided to continue the work.
Support work migrants
The group prepares between fifteen and twenty kilograms of beans and rice per day. They deliver about 300 lunches daily. When passing the Beast, they have approximately 15 minutes to throw the bags with food, as well as bottles of water, for migrants to catch them on the train.
Members
Norma, Bernarda, Rosa, Nila, Tere, Toña, Karla, Karina, Doña Tere, Julia, Pepe, Virginia, Uriel y Anahí Las Patronas.
Awards
Solidarity with other organizations
Campaign Support
On November 26, 2011 in Xalapa, Veracruz a day of artistic and cultural solidarity called Go by The Bosses was organized. During this action the population donated non-perishable food and clothing in good condition. The group that organized the event was supported by figures such as Elena Poniatowska, Damian Alcazar and Jesusa Rodriguez. During the day six tons of food were collected. On June 2, 2012 a second day also in Xalapa, Veracruz organized this year by the jazz community where he brought together a load of approximately half ton of food and clothing donations from organized.
In September 2012 a campaign of support in Puebla also began with a series of photographic exhibitions, roundtable discussions and screenings of documentaries where besides food, medicines and money were collected, in order to ensure the work of the patrons by at least one year.
The Bosses and other groups
On March 8, 2016 participated in Santiago de Compostela, Spain in the lecture series "No one is illegal" organized by the Party Sain.
Criticism
In the beginning, they faced negative criticism in their own community, prompting the departure of some people who supported the group in their daily work:
"We were 20 at first, but misinformation, fear that maybe we did something wrong, made some will leave" Bernarda.
Religious social activists linked to migrant advocacy movement have denounced hostilities against La Patrona by the local ecclesiastical institution:
Documentary records
References
Human rights organizations based in Mexico
Brachytheliscus is a monotypic genus of southern African mygalomorph spiders in the family Entypesidae containing the single species, Brachytheliscus bicolor. It was first described by Reginald Innes Pocock in 1902, and it has only been found in South Africa. It was previously considered a junior synonym of Hermacha, but was moved to genus status in 2021. The type species was originally described under the name "Brachythele bicolor".
See also
Hermacha
Brachythele
List of Entypesidae species
References
Further reading
Entypesidae
Monotypic Mygalomorphae genera
Taxa named by R. I. Pocock
Spiders of South Africa
A grit bin, salt bin or sand bin is an item of street furniture, commonly found in countries where freezing temperatures and snowfall occur, which holds a mixture of salt and grit that is spread over roads if they have snow or ice on them. Spreading rock salt over roads and pathways is commonly done either by hand or with a winter service vehicle and helps improve road safety in frosty conditions. The salt helps reduce the freezing temperature of the ice, which can be effective in temperatures of up to -9°C. Roads that are not gritted during winter are much more dangerous for vehicles and foot traffic and so busy routes can be gritted several times per day under harsh snowy conditions.
How it works
Anyone may use a grit bin to clear a public path or road, though they are generally not intended for personal use. Typically, a spade or shovel is used to spread a thin layer of grit onto the road surface, covering any snow or ice. The salt lowers the melting point of the snow causing it to melt (see sodium chloride). The grit component improves the friction between a vehicle's tires and the road.
Some grit bins have a small compartment, which could be used for storing a spade or shovel. The one featured in the photograph at the top of the page is filled through the top hatch.
The salt boxes of Baltimore, Maryland, United States, have been in use since at least 1969, and have attracted attention on social media as a symbol of Baltimore culture.
In Sweden, the bins contain mainly sand and sometimes sand mixed with salt. The construction and appearance of the bins are similar to bins in other countries.
Construction of grit bins
Grit bins were originally made of concrete, wood or even stone, though these are now increasingly being replaced by models constructed from plastic partly from safety concerns: vehicles/people hitting a plastic grit bin will suffer less damage. However, the lower weight of plastic makes grit bins easier to steal or tip over.
Problems
Grit bins can be subjected to vandalism, such as arson. The lid can also be left open, leaving rain to dilute the rock salt in the mixture, leaving it much less effective than dry rock salt. In the United Kingdom, the local county council is usually responsible for maintaining and refilling grit bins as well as spreading rock salt on the roads.
In Norway, the problem with tipping grit bins over has been solved by making them large enough to hold about of grit, and to continually keep it topped up.
References
Automotive safety
Road transport
Street furniture
Snow removal
Ashleigh Gordon Pilbrow (1 July 1912 – 2 May 1995) was an English Track and field athlete who competed for Great Britain in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Barnet and died in Beaulieu, Hampshire. He studied at Queen's College, Oxford.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the first round of the Olympic 110 metre hurdles event.
At the 1934 British Empire Games he won the bronze medal in the 120 yards hurdles competition. In the 440 yards hurdles contest he finished sixth.
References
sports-reference.com
1912 births
1995 deaths
People from Chipping Barnet
English male hurdlers
Olympic athletes of Great Britain
Athletes (track and field) at the 1936 Summer Olympics
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for England
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1934 British Empire Games
Alumni of The Queen's College, Oxford
The Counseling Psychologist is a peer-reviewed academic journal that focuses on timely topics in such diverse areas as multiculturalism and cross-cultural competency, research methods, vocational psychology, assessment, international counseling and research, prevention and intervention, health, social justice, assessment, and training and supervision. This journal is a member of the Committee on Publication Ethics (COPE). The journal's editor is Lydia P. Buki, PhD (University of Miami). It has been in publication since 1969 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the Society of Counseling Psychology, Division 17 of the American Psychological Association.
Scope
The Counseling Psychologist aims to increase the knowledge base of counseling psychology through debate and comprehensive coverage of new and developing areas of research and practice. This journal is the official publication of the Society of Counseling Psychology (Division 17) of the American Psychological Association. Articles focus on the theory, research, and practice of counseling psychology. In addition, the journal has two forums, the International Forum and the Legacies and Tradition Forum, which highlight scholarship involving international populations and document the history of the field of counseling psychology, respectively.
Abstracting and indexing
The Counseling Psychologist is abstracted and indexed in, among other databases: SCOPUS, and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2017 impact factor is 1.348, ranking it 54 out of 82 journals in the category ‘Psychology, Applied'. In 2017, the impact factor fell to 1.348.
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Publications established in 1969
Psychotherapy journals
8 times per year journals
Donald Ray Dykes is a former professional American football player who played cornerback for four seasons for the New York Jets and San Diego Chargers. He also played in the United States Football League. He was an assistant football coach at the University of Arkansas in Monticello.
As of 2016, Donald Dykes is in his fifth year at SOUTHWEST MISSISSIPPI COMMUNITY COLLEGE as defensive backs coach. He came to Southwest from Glenville (WV) State College where he held the same position in the 2011 season.
A native of Hammond, LA, Dykes won numerous individual state track and field championships at Hammond High School and helped the Tornadoes win two team championships. He was also a 10-time All-State selection and a one-time All American selection.
Dykes attended Southeastern Louisiana University where he was a four-year letterman in both football and track and field. An eight-time All-American in track and field, he won three national championships including two in the long jump. In 1977, he set a school and Louisiana state record with a long jump of 26' 3” which was 17th best in the world. He was also an NAIA outdoor champion in the event.
As a member of the SLU football team, he blocked 12 kicks and had six interceptions. He graduated from SLU in 1988 with a B. A. degree in Criminology.
A third-round NFL draft pick by the New York Jets in 1979, Dykes played for the Jets from 1979-1981. His best season came in 1980 when he had five interceptions. Also in 1980, he qualified for the Olympic trials in the long jump. He was traded to the San Diego Chargers in 1982 and signed by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers as a free agent in 1983. Later, he played for the Houston Gamblers and Jacksonville Bulls of the USFL.
He received a master's degree from Delta State University in Health and Physical Education in 1994 and helped coach the Statesmen to an NCAA Division II national championship in 2000.
He began his coaching career at Hammond High School in 1989. Other coaching stops along the way include Ft. Valley State (GA) University, Tennessee-Chattanooga and Arkansas-Monticello.
Dyke has two children and three grandchildren.
References
1955 births
Living people
People from Independence, Louisiana
American football cornerbacks
New York Jets players
San Diego Chargers players
Southeastern Louisiana Lions football players
Players of American football from Louisiana
Florynka (, Fliorynka) is a village in southern Poland, in the commune of Grybów, Nowy Sącz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship. It lies approximately south of Grybów, east of Nowy Sącz, and south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
History
1785 – 745 Greek Catholics, 10 Roman Catholics, the village lands comprised 20.22 km2
1840 – 992 Greek Catholics
1859 – 1205 Greek Catholics
1879 – 928 Greek Catholics
1899 – 1150 Greek Catholics
1926 – 1108 Greek Catholics
1936 – 228 Greek Catholics – village switched to Orthodoxy, afterwards there were 1246 Orthodox, 57 Roman Catholics and 37 Jews
Florynka was the place of origin of the short-lived Lemko-Rusyn Republic from 1918 to 1920. The village was incorporated into the Lemko Apostolic Administration in 1934.
The Lemko inhabitants of the village were removed in Operation Vistula in 1947, and scattered to 30 different villages in 6 counties.
Church
The Saint Michael Church was built in 1875 and survived to this day. The village Vafka 3 km away was served by the priest Florynka.
Notable people from Florynka
Emil Czyrniański (1824–1888), chemist
Walery Jaworski (1849–1924), physician
References
Villages in Nowy Sącz County
Lemko Region
The 2008 Southland Conference Baseball Tournament was held from May 21–24. The top eight regular season finishers of the league's twelve teams met in the double-elimination tournament held at Don Sanders Stadium in Huntsville, Texas. The winner of the tournament, , earned the conference's automatic bid to the 2008 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament.
Seeding and format
The top eight finishers from the regular season were seeded one through eight. They played a two bracket, double-elimination tournament, with the winner of each bracket meeting in a single championship final.
Results
All-Tournament Team
The following players were named to the All-Tournament Team.
References
Tournament
Southland Conference Baseball Tournament
Baseball in Texas
Southland Conference Baseball Tournament
Southland Conference Baseball Tournament
is a Japanese game producer and designer, known for the Japanese localization of the original Crash Bandicoot and Jak and Daxter series. He works for Sony Computer Entertainment. In Japanese Roppyaku literally means "six hundred."
One of his earliest works in his career is producing and designing the Sega Genesis version of Michael Jackson's Moonwalker.
References
External links
Official personal page
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Japanese video game designers
Japanese video game producers
Milburn is an unincorporated community in Carlisle County, Kentucky, United States. Its elevation is 482 feet (147 m), and it is located at (36.7986679, -88.8997817). Located along Kentucky Route 80 at its junction with Kentucky Routes 1371 and 1377, Milburn lies amid rolling countryside at the headwaters of Guess Creek, a tributary of Bayou du Chien; the nearest point on the Mississippi River is approximately to the west. Nearby cities include Arlington, by air to the west, and Bardwell, by air to the northwest; Milburn is connected to them by Kentucky Route 80 and Kentucky Route 1377 respectively. A state hunting preserve, the Obion Creek Wildlife Management Area, lies to the south. A fire station is located in Milburn, and a Creole cottage in the community, the George W. Stone House, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
References
Unincorporated communities in Carlisle County, Kentucky
Unincorporated communities in Kentucky
The 18th NKP Salve Challenger Trophy was a domestic cricket tournament that was held in Rajkot from 29 September to 2 October 2012. The series involved the domestic teams from India which were India A, India B, and Bengal. The tournament was won by India B who defeated India A by 139 runs.
Squads
Matches
Group stage
Final
References
2012 in cricket
The list of current and past Rajya Sabha members from the Delhi State. State elect 3 members for the term of 6 years and indirectly elected by the state legislators, since year 1956.
Current members
Chronological list of all Rajya Sabha members from Delhi
Chronological list by last date of appointment
Star (*) represents current Rajya Sabha members from DL State.
References
External links
Rajya Sabha homepage hosted by the Indian government
List of Sitting Members of Rajya Sabha (Term Wise)
MEMBERS OF RAJYA SABHA (STATE WISE RETIREMENT LIST)
Delhi
Rajya Sabha
Craig Tucker is a fictional character in the adult animated television series South Park. One of the main characters' fourth-grade classmates, he debuted in the season one episode "Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo" singing "We Wish You a Merry Christmas" with the rest of the third-grade class. His speaking debut was in "Rainforest Shmainforest". A pragmatist, Craig commonly strays from the plans of the main characters in favor of more practical, realistic approaches and solutions to main issues.
Since the season 19 episode "Tweek x Craig", Craig has been involved in a relationship with fellow fourth-grade student Tweek Tweak. Seemingly forced by the other townspeople at first, their relationship has been shown to evolve throughout South Park as a genuine sincere relationship, and have been shown to identify as gay.
Appearance
Craig is commonly seen wearing a blue chullo hat. He is characterized by this and his deep, nasal, monotone voice. In some scenes, including during a head lice check in "Lice Capades", Craig is seen with no hat and black hair. He is also seen as a stereotypical metrosexual in "South Park is Gay!", and an anime-styled ninja wielding a katana in "Good Times with Weapons".
Biography
In the beginning of South Park, Craig was said to be the most violent and strongest student in the third-grade class (excluding Cartman). Cartman once claimed that Craig was the "biggest troublemaker in [their] class", and parents of his classmates have cited him as a "bad influence". In a running gag during the show's earlier seasons, establishing shots of Mr. Mackey's office would feature Craig waiting outside, yet his activities were never seen. In the first several seasons, Craig has a habit of giving people the finger, a trait the show's official website attributes to his learning the behavior from his family, all of whom frequently use the gesture as well, most notably in the third season episode, "Tweek vs. Craig", in which his entire family take turns flipping each other off at the dinner table. This trait was used less throughout the show's runtime, and was last seen in the episode "Fun with Veal". Along with the rest of the characters, Craig moved to the fourth grade in "Fourth Grade".
Craig dislikes the four main characters (Stan Marsh, Kyle Broflovski, Kenny McCormick and Eric Cartman) and rivals them in several episodes. Craig is a pragmatist and has no wish to become involved in any extraordinary adventures the other main characters on the show customarily experience. In the season 12 (2008) episodes "Pandemic" and "Pandemic 2: The Startling", Craig repeatedly castigates the main characters' propensity for engaging in schemes that catastrophically backfire upon them. He also complains that they just seem to blindly accept that these things happen to them. He decides that he will no longer participate in such schemes, and walks away from the one in which they find themselves in the latter episode. However, by taking this action he fulfills an ancient prophecy, by stepping on a mysterious platform that allows him to defeat the giant guinea pig monster responsible for that story line's conflict. He concludes from this that just because there are things in life that cannot be controlled does not mean that one should accept them without protest.
Despite his dislike of the main characters, particularly Cartman, he is often depicted as one of the boys who repeatedly join Cartman in his many schemes, at times serving as a right-hand man. According to the creators of South Park, Craig's best friend is his classmate Tolkien Black. He is also close friends with Clyde Donovan, Jimmy Valmer and Kenny McCormick.
Relationship with Tweek Tweak
In the Season 19 episode "Tweek x Craig", female students of Asian backgrounds started drawing homoerotic "yaoi" images of Craig and his classmate Tweek Tweak, depicting them as lovers, in contrast to their rival-like role in "Tweek vs. Craig". Immediately, the two try to repudiate the rumors about them prompted by this. They eventually resolve to stage a public "break-up" to end the rumors. Though Tweek fears he cannot do this believably, Craig encourages him that he indeed can. However, Tweek goes too far by claiming that Craig is a manipulative cheater, which has the effect of ruining Craig's reputation with girls. Tweek later reveals that Craig's encouragement gave him the confidence to believe in himself. Following the father-to-son talk between him and his father about how "you can't fight being gay", the two boys have been forced in a relationship, at the time seemingly just to appease the townspeople. In later episodes however, such as the season 21 episode "Put It Down" and the video game The Fractured But Whole, they are shown to have become sincere romantic partners and identify as gay.
Reception
On a 2022 list of the 20 best South Park characters, We Got This Covered ranked Craig #9. On another 2022 top 25 list, Looper ranked Craig #13. CBR pointed out that "Craig has gradually become more of a supporting player to the boys, but he's also become a lot more popular after the (romance) between him and Tweek", and ranked him on #5 of "10 Characters who Got Way More Popular Since the Beginning". Michael John-Day of WhatCulture ranked Craig as the 2nd most "underrated" South Park character in 2020.
Appearances in other media
He plays the role of a Rogue in South Park: The Stick of Truth and plays the role of Super Craig in South Park: The Fractured but Whole (a parody of Superman from DC Comics).
References
South Park characters
Fictional gay males
LGBT characters in animation
Animated human characters
American male characters in television
Child characters in animated television series
Child characters in animated films
Comedy film characters
Fictional characters from Colorado
Fictional elementary school students
Television characters introduced in 1997
Animated characters introduced in 1997
The Building and Construction Authority (BCA) is a statutory board under the Ministry of National Development of the Government of Singapore. It was established on 1 April 1999 through the merger of the Construction Industry Development Board and the Building Control Division of the former Public Works Department.
The primary role of BCA is to develop and regulate Singapore's building and construction industry.
Building safety
BCA ensures that buildings in Singapore are designed, constructed and maintained to high standards of safety through its building regulatory system.
In October 2004, BCA issued a window retrofitting order, requiring aluminium rivets fitted on casement windows to be replaced with stainless steel rivets. Since the order came into force, BCA and the Housing Development Board (HDB) have been urging property owners and tenants to practise window safety through a public campaign. Every year, 6 June and 12 December have been designated as "Window Safety Days", where property owners and tenants are encouraged to check their windows at least once every six months.
BCA is also the lead agency in Singapore in regulating amusement rides to protect public safety. In July 2011, a new regulatory framework was introduced to protect the safety of ride-goers in Singapore.
Sustainability
BCA actively promotes the use of green building technologies and designs through its Green Building Masterplan and various initiatives. Under the second Green Building Masterplan which was launched in 2009, BCA seeks to achieve the national target of greening at least 80% of the buildings in Singapore by 2030.
The BCA Green Mark Scheme was launched in 2005 to promote sustainability in the built environment and raise environmental awareness among developers, designers and builders. It assesses the environmental friendliness and energy efficiency of buildings. In 2005, there were only 17 Green Mark building projects in Singapore.
In 2009, BCA launched South-East Asia's first zero-energy building (ZEB) located at the BCA Academy of the Built Environment. The ZEB was retrofitted from an existing building and serves as a test-bedding centre for green building technologies. The building is expected to be about 40-50% more efficient than an office building of similar layout.
In 2010, BCA became the first government agency outside North America to be conferred the Aspen Institute's Energy and Environment Award (Government) for its comprehensive policies and programmes in steering development of green buildings and sustainable construction. In 2011, Singapore was ranked first in green building policies, before advanced cities like Tokyo, Sydney and Seoul, in a study conducted by Solidiance on Asia-Pacific cities.
In December 2011, there are more than 940 green building projects, translating to a gross floor area of about 300 million ft2, or 12% of Singapore's total gross floor area. The BCA Green Mark Scheme includes districts, parks, infrastructure, office interiors, and residential and non-residential buildings. In 2011, the Scheme was extended to include restaurants and existing schools. The scheme has also extended its reach beyond Singapore . More than 120 projects in countries like China, Malaysia, Vietnam, Brunei, India, Thailand, Saudi Arabia, Indonesia, The Philippines and Tanzania have applied for the Green Mark certification.
BCA clinched the inaugural Regional Leadership Award, one of the six awards handed out at the World Green Building Council Government Leadership Awards 2011, for its Green Building Masterplan and leadership in the green building movement in Asia Pacific.
BCA collaborates with the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) to promote sustainable building practices. In 2011, BCA and UNEP finalised an agreement establishing BCA's Centre for Sustainable Buildings as a "Centre Collaborating with UNEP", the first in Asia. Through the collaboration, both BCA and UNEP will provide policy advice and outreach activities related to sustainable building resource management in sector in tropical cities and regions worldwide.
BCA organised the second International Green Building Conference in September 2011 during the Singapore Green Building Week. The event attracted close to 1,000 delegates from over 32 countries, including industry experts, practitioners, and policy-makers, Other green building events that BCA conducts include the roving BCA Green Building Exhibitions with green building tips and information for residents to make their homes more environmentally friendly. The annual BCA Awards recognises sustainable buildings, and honous industry professionals committed to safe, high quality and user-friendly buildings.
In 2016, BCA set up the world's first high-rise rotatable laboratory for the tropics - the BCA SkyLab. Modelled after the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory's FLEXLAB, the facility is a rotatable test facility pivotal to developing energy efficient building technologies.
Accessibility
In 1990, BCA introduced the Code on Barrier-Free Accessibility, reshaping the accessibility landscape of Singapore's built environment by improving inter-connectivity between buildings and upgrading existing buildings to make them more accessible. A$40 million fund has been set aside to co-fund voluntary upgrading on basic barrier-free features over a period of five years. Additionally, BCA has legislative measures in place to ensure continued compliance to the Code and to prevent misuse of barrier-free facilities.
BCA also promotes Universal Design (UD) for buildings to cater to the needs of all users, including the young, the elderly, people with disabilities, and parents with infants. The BCA Universal Design Award was launched in early 2007, recognising outstanding achievements by building developers and owners to incorporate barrier-free accessibility and UD in their developments.
BCA maintains an Accessibility Rating System on its Friendly Buildings portal, which classifies buildings according to levels of user-friendliness. The system provides detailed information such as the location of accessible entrances and other accessibility facilities, to aid building users on locating accessible buildings in Singapore. By December 2011, about 3,000 buildings have been rated of which 2,200 of them are accessible.
Training and professional standards
BCA has put in place many schemes to help raise the construction industry's skill levels and professionalism, design and construction capabilities, niche expertise, and the export of construction-related services. Some examples are the Construction Registration of Tradesmen (CoreTrade) Scheme to establish a core base of trade foremen and tradesmen, and the BCA Academy of the Built Environment to develop a professional workforce and encourage the adoption of innovative technologies. BCA International, a wholly owned subsidiary formed by BCA, paves the way for local construction companies to offer a full scope of expertise and value-added services to assist overseas governments and clients in developing excellent built environments.
BCA also established a Construction Productivity Gallery and a Centre for Lean and Virtual Construction to guide and advise construction firms on the latest construction technologies and re-engineering processes to achieve time and labour savings. This is in line with Singapore's national productivity drive, where BCA introduced a S$250-million Construction Productivity and Capability Fund (CPCF) in June 2010 to help the construction industry build up a skilled workforce, adopt more advanced construction technologies, and enhance building capability in niche areas.
BCA strongly promotes the adoption of Building Information Modelling (BIM), which allows professionals to work on a building project digitally before it is built. BCA targets to get 80 per cent of the industry to use BIM widely by 2015, and is working with the public sector to take the lead in driving greater BIM adoption.
See also
Ministry of National Development
References
External links
Building and Construction Authority
Building and Construction Authority Academy
1999 establishments in Singapore
Government agencies established in 1999
Statutory boards of the Singapore Government
Building energy rating
Sustainable building rating systems
Regulation in Singapore
The finals and the qualifying heats of the women's 200 metre freestyle event at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships were held on Tuesday 13 January 1998 in Perth, Western Australia.
A Final
B Final
Qualifying heats
See also
1996 Women's Olympic Games 200m Freestyle (Atlanta)
1997 Women's World SC Championships 200m Freestyle (Gothenburg)
1997 Women's European LC Championships 200m Freestyle (Seville)
2000 Women's Olympic Games 200m Freestyle (Sydney)
References
Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships
1998 in women's swimming
Ilie Popa (9 May 1940 – March 2016) was a Romanian racewalker. He competed in the men's 50 kilometres walk at the 1964 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1940 births
2016 deaths
Athletes (track and field) at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Romanian male racewalkers
Olympic athletes of Romania
Place of birth missing
Calvin "Barry" Wagner is a Canadian retired ice hockey defenseman who was an All-American for Clarkson.
Career
Wagner was a three-year varsity player for Clarkson. He teamed up with fellow Pembroke native Pat Brophy to form a stout defensive pair for the Golden Knights and helped Clarkson finish near the top of the ECAC standings in final two seasons. Wagner helped his team reach the championship game in 1962 but the team was overwhelmed by Michigan Tech and lost the match 1–8. Wagner was named team captain for his senior season and led the Knights to a second-place finish. He was named an All-American for his defensive work and attempted to get the Golden Knights back into the NCAA Tournament. Clarkson received the second seed for the conference tournament but fell to a very strong Harvard team in the semifinal. The Golden Knights won the consolation game and believed their season was over, however, the Ivy League schools were in the midst of an argument with the NCAA over player eligibility and Harvard declined the invitation to the NCAA tournament. Clarkson, who had finished third in the ECAC Tournament, was offered Harvard's bid and they accepted. The Golden Knights couldn't overcome Denver in the semifinal but did win the consolation game, ending their season on a high note.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
Awards and honors
References
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Canadian ice hockey defencemen
Ice hockey people from Ontario
Sportspeople from Pembroke, Ontario
Clarkson Golden Knights men's ice hockey players
AHCA Division I men's ice hockey All-Americans
Thomas Peter Limberger (born 22 July 1967) is a German industrial manager, restructuring expert, and investor. He is the founder of SilverArrow Capital, an investment company that generated a 24% return in 2014 and a 19% return in 2016.
Early life and education
Limberger holds a Bachelor of Science and Business Administration (B.S.B.A.) from French Grande Ecole Institut supérieur de gestion and Harvard Business School. In 1994, he has 3 children and received a Master of Business Administration in Finance & Strategic Management from State University of New York.
Career
Fresenius Medical Care
In 1996, National Medical Care was acquired, forming Fresenius Medical Care based in Bad Homburg vor der Höhe, Germany. Limberger joined the company in 1996, holding various management roles until 2001.
General Electric
In January 2001, Limberger took a position at General Electric, responsible for the German Industrial business division. In 2002, he became CEO of General Electric Germany, Austria and Switzerland (Central Europe). In this role he was responsible for all General Electric's activities in Central Europe with 11,000 employees. It was under his management, that the region's revenues doubled to $6.5 billion and earnings tripled.
He was also at the helm during the integration of Allbank, where he was Chairman until 2005, and the building of a Global GE Research Facility on the Technical University of Munich campus.
OC Oerlikon
In May 2004, Limberger was elected to the board of OC Oerlikon. One year later, after insolvency and a change in key shareholders, he became CEO and Vice President of the board. He centralized management, restructured the 7 industrial business units. He led the company from a loss of 340 million Swiss Francs in 2004 to a record profit of 320 million Swiss Francs in 2006. Due to these efforts and the surge in the Oerlikon share price, the company won the Dow Jones EUROSTOXX 500 prize for the best stock in Europe.
Von Roll
From 2007 until 2011, Limberger was President and CEO of Von Roll, a manufacturer of insulation products and systems for the electrical machinery industry as well as for composite materials and parts for various industrial applications. Limberger successfully turned the company into a market leader in the industry with a sales growth of 33% and an EBIT growth of 103% (CAGR 2006-2008). The share price of the company increased fivefold during this period.
SilverArrow Capital
In 2011, Limberger founded SilverArrow Capital, an investment company focusing on industrial growth sectors, real estate and infrastructure projects. With a deal flow of over $16 billion, Limberger has established himself as one of the leading activist players in the industry. It generated a 24% return in 2014 and a 19% return in 2016. In November 2015, it announced plans to raise its stake in Rofin-Sinar to 15% to force the company to appoint three new independent directors. In March 2016, the company announced that it would be acquired, leading to a surge in the share price.
In October 2016, it acquired 51% of PrivatAir, a Swiss airline. PrivatAir became insolvent in December 2018.
References
External links
Manager Magazin "Reached the top with 35"
Brand Eins "Business never has been better"
Handelszeitung "Thomas Limberger - This India fan is a quick decision maker"
Die Zeit “I love Germany”
Businesspeople from Hesse
1967 births
Living people
Harvard Business School alumni
Zinc transporter ZIP3 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the SLC39A3 gene.
See also
Solute carrier family
References
Further reading
Solute carrier family
Numerous United Kingdom–India bus routes ran from the 1950s to the 1970s. The first of these was "The Indiaman", a service from London to Calcutta that was inaugurated on 15 April 1957. At least 32 other operators ran services, including Albert Travel which ran 15 round journeys from London to India. Overland routes were made difficult by political unrest in the Middle East during the 1970s and ended with the 1979 Iranian Revolution and Soviet–Afghan War. The Albert bus was refurbished from 2009 and made a one-off return trip from the UK to Australia in 2012. In 2020, Adventures Overland announced they would inaugurate a New Delhi–London bus journey via China from 2021, though the launch of the service was delayed until April 2022.
The Indiaman
The first UK–India bus service was "The Indiaman", run by Garrow-Fisher Tours based in London. This left Victoria Coach Station on 15 April 1957 and returned after a journey to Calcutta on 2 August. The journey, which was covered by The New York Times, was eventful with driver Oswald-Joseph Garrow-Fisher recalling the road passing over high cliffs near Mount Ararat at the Turkey-Soviet Union border, soft verges in India, and needing to use planks under the wheels to escape the desert sand in Iran. On the return leg, the 1957–1958 influenza pandemic forced the closure of the Pakistan-Iran border. The tour diverted from the border to the city of Karachi, intending to find passage on a ship, but upon reaching the port they learned the land border had reopened and so returned that way, a diversion of some . The British embassy in Tehran had heard a rumour that the passengers had been murdered en route and were so relieved when they arrived unharmed that they hosted a cocktail party in their honour.
The Indiaman was a 1948 AEC Regal III. Garrow-Fisher refurbished the 33-seater bus, that already had on its odometer, for the journey. In its transcontinental configuration, it could carry 24 passengers plus luggage. For the first journey, Garrow-Fisher charged £85 for the outbound fare and £65 for the return; 20 passengers were carried to India and 7 made the return journey. Passengers slept overnight in hotels or camped outside. One passenger, Peter Moss, wrote an account of the journey that was published in book-form as The Indiaman – When the Going was Good by Land and Sea. The Indiaman made four return journeys in total.
Albert
A bus named "Albert" was run by Albert Travel from May 1968. The venture was started by British travel agent and Australian resident Andy Stewart, who purchased a 1947 Albion Motors CS Venturer double-decker bus from the New South Wales Department of Government Transport; the bus had previously operated the number 2004 service in Sydney. Stewart managed to reduce the asking price from AU$1000 to AU$400 as the bus was not capable of going above and had a large dent in the rear. He fitted it out with bunk beds to suit 14 passengers, extra fuel tanks and drinking water supply. There was also heating in the lower deck, a radio and cassette player, a reading and dining saloon and a kitchen with a gas cooker and sink.
Starting in Australia (the bus transferred by ship to India), Stewart drove 13 passengers on the first trip to London. He made a further 14 round trips between 1968 and 1975, when political instability in Iran forced him to stop. A typical route ran from Victoria Coach Station via Belgium, West Germany, Austria, Yugoslavia, Bulgaria, Turkey, Iran, Afghanistan, West Pakistan to India where it stopped at New Delhi, Agra, Allahabad, Banaras and Calcutta. Until 1970, the bus was shipped from Calcutta to Sydney, thereafter the bus ran to Calcutta from which passengers could choose to fly across Burma to Bangkok, Thailand and continue by train through Malaysia to Singapore where a boat would carry them to Perth or Sydney, Australia. The bus stopped en route to allow passengers to visit sites of interest and local shops. In the early years, a one-way ticket was £85; this rose to £125 by the early 1970s excluding catering. The connection via Singapore to Australia was a further £125. The trip was advertised as "the world's longest bus route" and "your complete home while you travel".
Stewart returned to Australia as a travel agent after making the last trip to London. He retired back to the UK and, in 2001, tracked down the Albert bus, which was in Brighton. He purchased the vehicle in 2009 and renovated it to make a return journey overland to Australia. He raised funds by selling shares at £250 each, with the owners of ten or more shares being entitled to a seat on the trip. The journey was completed in 2012 and the bus remains in Australia making appearances at car shows.
Other operators
In the decade following the inauguration of "The Indiaman", at least 32 operators arranged bus trips between the UK and India. These included the Waltzing Matilda, Topdeck Travel, Swagman Tour's Asian Greyhound, Tentrek Expeditions, King Kong, Crazy Bus, Penn Overland and No Sweat Overland Tours. Vehicles varied from double decker buses to converted fire engines and typically took 20 days each way. Penn Travel had a "Marco Polo Tour" route that ran from London to Kathmandu over 72 days. Some of the companies would also arrange hotels en route and broker visas for their passengers. Eastbound travellers were usually westerners seeking adventure while westbound travellers were often economic migrants from Punjab. Operators claimed cultural differences and difficulties at the border crossings made westbound trips more troublesome and charged an additional £20 for these. At least one driver insisted on being armed for all westbound journeys. The closure of the Afghanistan-Pakistan border in 1978 meant some journeys had to be completed by air and the overland routes became completely untenable following the 1979 Iranian Revolution and Soviet–Afghan War.
2021 revival
In 2020, it was announced that the Indian travel operator Adventures Overland, inspired by the Hippie Trail, would inaugurate a new bus service from Delhi to London in May 2021. This would run through 18 countries including Myanmar, Thailand, Laos, China, Russia, and Belgium. A one-way trip would cost 1.5 million rupees (circa £15,320) and take 70 days to cover the route. The bus would carry 20 passengers. In March 2021, the company announced that the launch of the service had been postponed to April 2022. This has since been again postponed to April 2023. They had completed three consecutive return trips to prove the viability of the route.
References
Bus transport in the United Kingdom
Bus transport in India
International bus transport
India–United Kingdom relations
Taylor County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 5,896, making it the fourth-least populous county in Iowa. The county seat is Bedford. The county was formed in 1847 and named after General and President Zachary Taylor.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.5%) is water.
A portion of Taylor County at one time was part of Missouri.
Major highways
Iowa Highway 2
Iowa Highway 25
Iowa Highway 148
Adjacent counties
Adams County (north)
Ringgold County (east)
Worth County, Missouri (southeast)
Nodaway County, Missouri (southwest)
Page County (west)
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 5,896 in the county, with a population density of . 95.76% of the population reported being of one race. There were 2,885 housing units, of which 2,506 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 6,317 in the county, with a population density of . There were 3,107 housing units, of which 2,679 were occupied.
2000 census
At the 2000 census there were 6,958 people, 2,824 households, and 1,911 families in the county. The population density was 13 people per square mile (5/km2). There were 3,199 housing units at an average density of 6 per square mile (2/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 97.71% White, 0.03% Black or African American, 0.10% Native American, 0.30% Asian, 0.06% Pacific Islander, 1.14% from other races, and 0.66% from two or more races. 3.81%. were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
Of the 2,824 households 28.00% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.00% were married couples living together, 5.90% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.30% were non-families. 27.80% of households were one person and 16.10% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.94.
The age distribution was 23.90% under the age of 18, 7.50% from 18 to 24, 23.40% from 25 to 44, 22.80% from 45 to 64, and 22.40% 65 or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females there were 94.10 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.00 males.
The median household income was $31,297 and the median family income was $37,194. Males had a median income of $26,631 versus $19,162 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,082. About 8.50% of families and 12.10% of the population were below the poverty line, including 13.10% of those under age 18 and 15.20% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Bedford
Blockton
Clearfield (partially)
Conway
Gravity
Lenox (partially)
New Market
Sharpsburg
Census-designated place
Athelstan
Townships
Bedford
Benton
Clayton
Dallas
Gay
Grant
Grove
Holt
Jackson
Jefferson
Marshall
Mason
Nodaway
Platte
Polk
Ross
Washington
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Taylor County.
† county seat
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Taylor County, Iowa
References
External links
Taylor County
1847 establishments in Iowa
Populated places established in 1847
Nicole Miller is an American politician who has served in the Oklahoma House of Representatives from the 82nd district since 2019.
Early life
Miller was born to a Nazarene pastor father and schoolteacher mother. She grew up across the United States as her father worked in various ministries before settling down in Fort Worth, Texas.
References
Living people
Members of the Oklahoma House of Representatives
Oklahoma Republicans
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
Women state legislators in Oklahoma
Year of birth missing (living people)
James Cameron (born 20 September 1979) is a former South African cricketer. Cameron was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm fast-medium. He was born in Johannesburg, Transvaal Province.
Cameron represented the Nottinghamshire Cricket Board in a single List A match against the Gloucestershire Cricket Board in the 1st round of the 2000 NatWest Trophy. In his only List A match he scored 6 runs and bowled 4 wicket-less overs.
References
External links
James Cameron at Cricinfo
James Cameron at CricketArchive
1979 births
Living people
Cricketers from Johannesburg
South African cricketers
Nottinghamshire Cricket Board cricketers
National Labor Relations Board v. Sands Manufacturing Co., 306 U.S. 332 (1939), is US labor law case, decided by a majority of 5 to 2 by the US Supreme Court, which overturned a decision by the National Labor Relations Board because it was not supported by substantial evidence. The Court defined collective bargaining under the National Labor Relations Act to mean that proposals and responses to proposals were pending, and that future meetings were being planned. Absent such conditions, bargaining was not occurring. The Court also held that an employer did not violate the Act if it chose to deal with the employees on an individual basis.
Facts
Sands Manufacturing Co. was a company based in Cleveland, Ohio, which made water heaters. In the spring of 1934, its employees joined the Mechanics Educational Society of America. A 60-day contract was agreed to, and although it expired both sides repeatedly agreed to extend it. When workload lessened, company policy was to transfer men in slack departments to those areas where workload was high, respecting both their seniority and existing pay rates. In 1934, the company won a government contract, and agreed that the "new men" would not only be paid a lower wage but also would be the first discharged once work slacked off. A new contract was reached in June 1935 in which management won the right not to respect the wage rates and seniority rights of men transferred to new departments during slack times.
As the government contract ended, the company closed the heater tank department. When the company sought to hire workers in its machine shop, it asked to hire the "new men" rather than transfer "old men" from other departments (which were shutting down). The union argued old men should be hired in the machine shop before any "new men." The union and company met repeatedly over the issue, but nothing was resolved. The company closed its plant in August 1935. When it reopened in September, it offered employment to several "old men" at much lower wage rates. The union refused the offer. The plant reopened, and the union began picketing.
The National Labor Relations Board held that Sands Manufacturing had refused to bargain with union, had discriminated against union members in hiring, and had discouraged membership in the union. Sands Manufacturing sued to have the Board's order overturned. A court of appeals agreed with the employer.
Judgment
Majority ruling
Associate Justice Owen Roberts wrote the decision for the majority, joined by Chief Justice Charles Evans Hughes and Associate Justices James Clark McReynolds, Pierce Butler, and Harlan F. Stone.
Roberts held that the NLRB's decision was not supported by the evidence before the Board. Although the Board had alleged that the evidence supported only one conclusion, this allegation was also not supported by the evidence. The majority concluded that since no negotiations were pending and no new meetings were scheduled, there was no "negotiating" going on and hence the employer's plant shut-down did not violate the NLRA. Furthermore, since the employer had offered to hire some men back, clearly there had been no refusal to bargain. The employer's decision to rehire some of the "old men" by contracting with them individually was also not a violation of the Act.
Dissent
Associate Justice Hugo Black dissented, joined by Associate Justice Stanley Forman Reed. No dissenting opinion was filed.
Significance
The case was one of the first clear-cut defeats for the NLRB before the Supreme Court, after an unprecedented string of 15 successes. The decision placed significant limitations on the ability of unions to engage in collective action. The Sands Court also upheld the right of an employer to violate the NLRA so long as the union had already acted illegally. The Court rejected the union's good faith effort to interpret its contract, which led to the strike. Only the Court's interpretation of the contract mattered, the majority concluded, and strikes over differences of interpretation of the contract were no longer protected activity. The "employer's overriding right to unimpeded access to labor was held to justify its unilateral action to resolve an impasse in its favor."
Along with NLRB v. Fansteel Metallurgical Corp., 306 U.S. 240 (1939) and NLRB v. Columbian Enameling & Stamping Co., 306 U.S. 292 (1939), the decision has been called one of the three most significant NLRB cases since NLRB v. Jones & Laughlin Steel Corp., 301 U.S. 1 (1938) upheld the NLRA's constitutionality. The three cases also expanded the way the Court interpreted the NLRA. Although the justices had previously interpreted the Act solely through the lens of the Commerce Clause (showing strong deference to the Board), now the Court evinced a willingness to apply evidentiary standards to the Board's actions and to impose a less radical interpretation on the law.
See also
US labor law
Notes
References
Atleson, James B. Labor and the Wartime State: Labor Relations and Law During World War II. Urbana, Ill.: University of Illinois Press, 1998.
Engerman, Stanley L. and Gallman, Robert E. The Cambridge Economic History of the United States. New York: Cambridge University Press, 2000.
Gross, James A. The Reshaping of the National Labor Relations Board: National Labor Policy in Transition, 1937-1947. Albany, N.Y.: State University of New York Press, 1981.
Klare, Karl. "Judicial Deradicalization of the Wagner Act and the Origins of Modern Leagl Consciousness." Minnesota Law Review. 62:265 (1978).
Lichtenstein, Nelson and Harris, Howell John. Industrial Democracy in America: The Ambiguous Promise. Washington, D.C.: Woodrow Wilson Center Press, 1993.
Ross, William G. The Chief Justiceship of Charles Evans Hughes: 1930-1941. Columbia, S.C.: University of South Carolina Press, 2007.
Tomlins, Christopher. The State and the Unions: Labor Relations, Law, and the Organized Labor Movement in America, 1880-1960. Reprint ed. New York: Cambridge University Press, 1985.
External links
1939 in United States case law
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the Hughes Court
United States labor case law
National Labor Relations Board litigation
Laborers' International Union of North America
History of Cleveland
Boilers
Shakedown: Return of the Sontarans is a film spin-off of the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who. It was released direct-to-video in 1995 and was produced by the independent production company Dreamwatch Media, a division of Dreamwatch magazine. Initially available only through mail order and specialty shops, it was subsequently released to retail by Reeltime Pictures in 1997. It features two races of aliens, the Sontarans (first introduced in the Third Doctor serial The Time Warrior, and appearing in several subsequent stories) and the Rutans (who were first mentioned in The Time Warrior, and appeared in the Fourth Doctor serial Horror of Fang Rock). The Sontarans and Rutans were licensed from the estate of their creator Robert Holmes, although the appearance of the Sontarans had to be modified to avoid legal complications with the BBC, which owned the design of the creatures.
Due to licensing restrictions, the character of the Doctor does not actually appear, nor do any other characters from the series. However several actors from the Doctor Who is a series do appear in different roles, including Carole Ann Ford, Sophie Aldred and Michael Wisher. Also starring in this production are Blake's 7 alumni Jan Chappell and Brian Croucher.
Plot
Tiger Moth, a space cruiser recently converted to a solar yacht, is on its way to space station Beta for its first race. The yacht is owned and crewed by a syndicate of four business people – Kurt, who is rumored to have a shady criminal background; Nikos, the son of Earth colony planet Valeria's leading industrialist; Mari, the daughter of Valeria's president and Nikos's fiancée; and Zorelle, an attention-seeking fashion mogul. Engineer Robar informs captain Lisa Deranne, an experienced solar yacht racer hired by the syndicate, of irregular fluctuations in the ship's power system. Lisa uses this as an excuse to put her amateur crew through their first solar sail drill, whilst Robar shuts down the power drive to investigate the fault.
The crew assembles on the sail deck, where they don't virtual reality gloves and glasses to operate the solar sails in the same context as a traditional sea-going yacht. After the drill is successfully carried out, Tiger Moth is attacked by a huge War Wheel mothership, which dispatches a boarding party of Sontaran troopers led by Commander Steg. Lisa and her crewmates are stunned by the Sontarans as they enter the solar yacht, and once the group recover in their crew quarters, Steg explains that he is on a mission to find a shape-shifting Rutan spy. The Sontarans tracked the Rutan to space station Alpha, Tiger Moth's last port of call, so they are now searching every vessel that left there recently. Although Steg claims that he will leave the humans in peace, Kurt warns Lisa that the ruthless Sontarans will destroy the Tiger Moth.
Robar, unaware of the Sontarans on board the Tiger Moth, has been working on the ship's power units to resolve the fluctuations. He discovers the cause to be the energy-dependent Rutan spy, who kills Robar and adopts his human form. It then kills a Sontaran trooper sent to find Robar, and attempts to escape in the Sontarans' assault craft, but Lieutenant Vorn discovers the disguised Rutan and fires at it, injuring the Rutan and forcing it to retreat. Vorn reports this to Steg, who orders a thorough search of the power room, where the Sontarans find the dead trooper and Robar's partially dissected body. Steg shows this to Lisa, encouraging her to help him destroy the Rutan, and she agrees if Steg leaves her crew and ship unharmed. Steg promises to do so, but he secretly intends to destroy the Tiger Moth as per his duty.
When Lisa briefs the rest of the crew on the situation, Kurt is still suspicious, so Zorelle – fearing that Kurt's resistance could endanger her own life – tells Steg about Lisa and Kurt plotting to kill him. Steg gives his blaster to Kurt and tests him to use it. Kurt suspects a trick and does not fire, but Nikos takes the blaster and tries – only to learn that the blaster was not primed, and Steg kills him. Mari goes berserk and has to be sedated, leaving just Lisa, Kurt and Zorelle to help the Sontarans hunt the Rutan. After they leave Mari in the crew quarters, the Rutan kills her, and inhabits her body to kill Zorelle too when she returns. Lisa and Kurt kill Vorn and the remaining troopers, then confront Steg at the airlock. Kurt is wounded by Steg, but Lisa guns down the commander, who salutes her as a worthy enemy. The Rutan arrives in Zorelle's ghostly form, and vows to leave Lisa and Kurt unharmed, before entering the assault ship to escape with the secrets it learned. Steg warns Lisa of a bomb he planted in the airlock tunnel to destroy the Tiger Moth. Lisa places the bomb in the assault ship, and Steg helps her escape the closing airlock before he dies. Lisa and Kurt watch on the scanners as the assault ship departs and explodes.
Lisa tends to Kurt's injuries, thinking that this disastrous shakedown cruise will be the end of her solar racing career. However, Kurt reveals that, as the sole surviving syndicate member, he inherits the others' shares in the Tiger Moth's finances, so he can afford the repairs and hire a professional crew. With Lisa and Kurt now racing partners and in a relationship together, the captain contacts station Beta to start preparations in time for the upcoming race.
Cast
Jan Chappell as Tiger Moth Captain Lisa Deranne. The heroine of the story, Lisa is hired by a group of wealthy individuals to help them pilot the solar vessel and win competitive races. Whilst she has an antagonistic relationship with most of the group, she later forms a close bond with Kurt and, along with him, is one of only two survivors at the end. Jan Chappell had previously played Cally in Blake's 7 alongside Kurt actor Brian Croucher. The role of Lisa Deranne was originally offered to Elisabeth Sladen, but she declined citing family commitments.
Brian Croucher as Kurt. A mysterious self-made industrialist, Kurt recognizes the Sontarans based on information he has obtained from an individual implied to be The Doctor. Along with Captain Lisa Deranne, he survives at the end of the story and becomes the sole owner of the Tiger Moth. Brian Croucher had played Travis 2 in Blake's 7 alongside co-star Jan Chappell.
Carole Ann Ford as Zorelle, a vain and wealthy fashion designer (although it is suggested by Mari that it is actually her sister that is the brains of the company) who also drinks too much; she is killed by the Rutan shapeshifter which later assumes her form at the conclusion of the story. Ford was best known as playing Susan Foreman, the granddaughter of the Doctor in the original series.
Sophie Aldred as Mari, the fiancée of Nikos; the spoilt and pampered daughter of a planetary president, she is stunned by the Sontarans and later killed by the Rutan when it invades her quarters- the Rutan form of Mari then kills Zorelle. Aldred had previously played Ace, companion to the seventh Doctor in Doctor Who. Keith Barnfather suggested to Aldred that she take on the role of Lisa Deranne after Elisabeth Sladen dropped out, but she wanted to play a more feminine character instead after three years of playing Ace in Doctor Who.
Rory O'Donnell as Nikos, Mari's fiancé and the son of a wealthy industrialist. In love with Mari, he is first stunned by the Sontarans and later killed by them when he attempts to overpower them with their stun ray. The Rutan later takes on his form before killing Mari. Shakedown was O'Donnell's first acting job, he later appeared in the fan production Auton 3 before becoming a casting director.
Michael Wisher as Robar, the ship's engineer. Robar is the first to be killed by the Rutan whilst in the engine room. Wisher had appeared in a few Doctor Who stories in the classic series, but was best known in fandom for being the first actor to play Davros, the creator of the Daleks. Wisher also had appeared in a number of fan-made productions in the 1980s and 1990s, including Wartime and The Airzone Solution. Shakedown would be Wisher's last work as an actor as he died the following year. Terrance Dicks was reportedly not happy with Wisher's decision to play Robar with an American accent. The role of Robar was originally mooted for Brian Miller, the husband of Elisabeth Sladen, although her withdrawal from the project meant he did not eventually get involved.
Toby Aspin as Commander Steg, the leader of the Sontaran force chasing the Rutan. Although initially antagonistic to Lisa Deranne and her crew, he sacrifices himself to destroy the Rutan and save the ship at the story's conclusion. Aspin would later appear as another Sontaran in "Mindgame".
Tom Finnis as Lieutenant Vorn, Steg's second-in-command. Slightly dimwitted, he is killed by the Rutan. Finnis would later appear in the fan production The Few Doctors.
Production
The film was shot almost entirely on location aboard the Second World War-era Royal Navy light cruiser , permanently moored at Symon's Wharf on the River Thames since 1971. Some scenes were also shot at Pinewood Studios. Filming aboard the vessel was frequently plagued with sound problems which caused the film crew to rapidly fall behind schedule. The unlicensed nature of the Dreamwatch production meant that they could not even refer to the character of the Doctor by name, hence Kurt's remembrance of a man who "Called himself the Physician, or the Dentist, or something..." Although the longstanding war between the Sontarans and the Rutan Host was frequently mentioned in Doctor Who, this video marks the only occasion in which the two opposing species appear on screen together. The initial idea for Shakedown came from producers Kevin Davies and Mark Ayres. Director of Photography David Hicks. They would produce, on behalf of Dreamwatch Media, a low-budget film for direct-to-video sale featuring some alien monsters from the BBCtv series Doctor Who and a cast drawn from Who and its stablemate Blake's 7.
Soundtrack
Mark Ayres's music was released on Silva Screen Records in January 1996
Track listing
Reception
Craig Hinton in Doctor Who is a Magazine heavily praised the performances of the cast, in particular Sophie Aldred's performance, although he was critical of the character of Lieutenant Vorn.
Modern reception to the story has also been positive, with Digital Spy calling it, "a commendably ambitious and handsomely-mounted sci-fi tale", while Dylan Rees in his book Downtime - The Lost Years of Doctor Who, stated that it was, "simple, fun, and frightening in equal measure, and best captures the spirit of the show from which it took its inspiration".
Novelisation
In December 1995 a novelisation of this film, written by Terrance Dicks, was published by Virgin Publishing as part of their New Adventures line; the title was shortened to Shakedown. It expands greatly on the original story and features many differences in plot, most notably the inclusion of the Seventh Doctor and his companions since, unlike Reeltime, Virgin had the rights to use the character. However, rather than drastically altering the events of the video, Dicks novelised the Doctor-less events of the script in the middle section of the book, with the new plot of the novel taking place around it. It also forms a sequel to the Virgin Missing Adventures novel Lords of the Storm by David A. McIntee.
This was the final Doctor Who-related novelisation by the prolific Terrance Dicks, who had been writing the books since 1973, until the BBC-published novelisation of The Sarah Jane Adventures story "Invasion of the Bane" was published over a decade later in late 2007. Dicks has, however, continued to produce various original Doctor Who novels not based on scripted material.
The book was re-printed in a new edition in March 2014.
References
External links
Novelisation
The Cloister Library - Shakedown
1995 films
1990s science fiction films
1995 British novels
1995 science fiction novels
Reeltime Pictures
British science fiction films
Doctor Who spin-offs
Seventh Doctor novels
Fiction set in the 26th century
1990s British films
Clinical descriptions of chronic fatigue syndrome (CFS) vary. Different groups have produced sets of diagnostic criteria that share many similarities. The biggest differences between criteria are whether post-exertional malaise (PEM) is required, and the number of symptoms needed. Aspects of the condition are controversial, with disagreements over etiology, pathophysiology, treatment and naming between medical practitioners, researchers, patients and advocacy groups. Furthermore, diagnosing CFS can be difficult due to several factors, including lack of a standard test and non-specific symptoms. Subgroup analysis suggests that, depending on the applied definition, CFS may represent a variety of conditions rather than a single disease entity.
Definitions
2015 IOM criteria
The IOM criteria come from the IOM's 2015 report on CFS, and the CDC currently uses this definition. The IOM criteria require the following three symptoms:
Severe, disabling fatigue of new onset
Post-exertional malaise (PEM)
Unrefreshing sleep.
Also, at least one of the following is required:
Cognitive impairment
Orthostatic intolerance
They also note that for all symptoms except orthostatic intolerance, "frequency and severity of symptoms should be assessed," and that these symptoms should be present at least half the time with at least moderate severity.
CDC 1994 criteria
The most widely used diagnostic criteria for CFS are the 1994 research guidelines proposed by the "International Chronic Fatigue Syndrome Study Group", led by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. These criteria are sometimes called the "Fukuda definition" after the first author (Keiji Fukuda) of the publication. The 1994 CDC criteria specify the following conditions must be met:
Primary symptoms
Clinically evaluated, unexplained, persistent or relapsing chronic fatigue that is:
of new or definite onset (has not been lifelong);
is not the result of ongoing exertion;
is not substantially alleviated by rest; and
results in substantial reduction in previous levels of occupational, educational, social, or personal activities.
Additional requirements
The concurrent occurrence of four or more of the following symptoms, all of which must have persisted or recurred during six or more consecutive months of illness and must not have predated the fatigue:
self-reported impairment in short-term memory or concentration severe enough to cause substantial reduction in previous levels of occupational, educational, social, or personal activities;
sore throat;
tender cervical or axillary lymph nodes;
muscle pain;
multi-joint pain without joint swelling or redness;
headaches of a new type, pattern, or severity;
unrefreshing sleep;
post-exertional malaise lasting more than 24 hours.
Final requirement
All other known causes of chronic fatigue must have been ruled out, specifically clinical depression, side effects of medication, eating disorders and substance abuse.
The clinical evaluation should include:
A thorough history that covers medical and psychosocial circumstances at the onset of fatigue; depression or other psychiatric disorders; episodes of medically unexplained symptoms; alcohol or other substance abuse; and current use of prescription and over-the-counter medications and food supplements;
A mental status examination to identify abnormalities in mood, intellectual function, memory, and personality. Particular attention should be directed toward current symptoms of depression or anxiety, self-destructive thoughts, and observable signs such as psychomotor retardation. Evidence of a psychiatric or neurologic disorder requires that an appropriate psychiatric, psychological, or neurologic evaluation be done;
A thorough physical examination;
A minimum battery of laboratory screening tests, including complete blood count with leukocyte differential; erythrocyte sedimentation rate; serum levels of alanine aminotransferase, total protein, albumin, globulin, alkaline phosphatase, calcium, phosphorus, glucose, blood urea nitrogen, electrolytes, and creatinine; determination of thyroid-stimulating hormone; and urinalysis.
Other diagnostic tests have no recognized value unless indicated on an individual basis to confirm or exclude a differential diagnosis, such as multiple sclerosis.
CDC 1988 criteria
The initial chronic fatigue syndrome definition was published in 1988. It is also called the "Holmes definition", after the manuscript's first author.
The Homes criteria require these two points:
Debilitating fatigue of new onset which interferes with the patient's daily activities
Other fatiguing conditions must be eliminated
They define 11 symptom criteria:
Mild fever or chills
Sore throat
Sore lymph nodes
Muscle weakness
Muscle discomfort or myalgia
Fatigue after exercise lasting at least 24 hours
Headaches
Joint pain
Hypersomnia or insomnia
A rapid onset over a few hours or days
And three physical criteria that must be documented by a physician:
Low-grade fever
Nonexudative pharyngitis
Tender lymph nodes
To make a diagnosis, a patient must meet either 8 of the 11 symptom criteria, or 6 of the 11 symptom criteria and 2 of 3 physical criteria.
Oxford 1991 criteria
The Oxford criteria were published in 1991 and include both CFS of unknown etiology and a subtype of CFS called post-infectious fatigue syndrome (PIFS), which "either follows an infection or is associated with a current infection." The Oxford criteria defines CFS as follows:
Fatigue must be the main symptom
There must be a definite onset
The fatigue must be debilitating
The fatigue must have lasted for 6 months or longer, and be present at least 50% of the time
Other symptoms are possible, such as muscle pain, mood problems, or sleep disturbance
Conditions known to cause severe fatigue and some mental conditions exclude a diagnosis.
Post-infectious fatigue syndrome also requires evidence of a prior infection.
The Oxford criteria differ from the Fukuda criteria in that mental fatigue is required and that symptoms that could be psychiatric in origin can count toward a diagnosis. Likewise, the Oxford criteria differs from the Canadian consensus criteria by not excluding patients who may have a psychiatric condition.
Canadian consensus criteria
The Canadian consensus criteria were initiated by Health Canada and published by an international group of researchers in 2003. The requirements are summarized as follows:
Severe fatigue
"Post-Exertional Malaise and/or Fatigue"
Sleep dysfunction
Myalgia
Two or more neurological or cognitive symptoms
At least one symptom from the lists for two of these categories:
Autonomic symptoms
Neuroendocrine symptoms
Immune symptoms
Symptoms must be present for at least 6 months
Unlike some criteria, the Canadian consensus criteria exclude patients with symptoms of mental illness. This definition was updated in 2010 to provide greater specification to the original. Functional impairment must be below defined thresholds in two of the three designated subscales of the Short Form 36 Health Survey i.e. Vitality, Social Functioning, and Role-Physical.
London criteria
The London Criteria were designed for research purposes and used by Action for ME in all studies they funded until the mid-1990s. An incomplete version edited by Nick Anderson (CEO of AFME) was published in a 1994 report. The London criteria require the following:
Fatigue triggered by exercise
Impaired short-term memory and concentration
Fluctuating symptoms, usually in response to exertion
These symptoms must have lasted at least 6 months. The London criteria also mention that other symptoms, including autonomic and immune symptoms, are common and may help confirm a diagnosis. In light of the advances in understanding of ME and CFS, the criteria for ME as described by Ramsay and others were updated in 2009. These have been cited in articles and are being evaluated as of 2011, for example, in studies to ascertain differences between patients selected using different case definitions.
International Consensus Criteria
The International Consensus Criteria were based on the Canadian consensus criteria and developed by a group of 26 individuals from 13 countries and consisting of clinicians, researchers, teaching faculty, and an independent patient advocate. The ICC define the illness as:
"Postexertional neuroimmune exhaustion" or PENE
Neurological symptoms: patients must have at least one symptom from one of the four lists:
Neurocognitive impairments
Pain
Sleep distubrance
"Neurosensory, perceptual and motor disturbances"
Immune, gastrointestinal and genitourinary symptoms: patients must have at least one symptom in three of five areas:
Flu-like symptoms
Gets sick from viruses easily
Gastro-intestinal symptoms
Genitourinary symptoms
Sensitivity to food, medicines, or chemicals
Energy production symptom: patients must have at least one symptom from any of the four lists
Cardiovascular symptoms
Respiratory symptoms
Temperature dysregulation
Intolerance of heat or cold
The ICC definition also notes that children may have somewhat different symptoms, and that symptoms tend to be more variable.
Compared to the Canadian criteria, chronic fatigue is not required, and there is no requirement for symptoms to occur for 6 months. The main symptom is "post-exertional neuroimmune exhaustion" (PENE), which encompasses fatigability, symptoms worsening after exertion, exhaustion after exertion, a prolonged recovery from activity, and reduction of activities due to symptoms. The ICC definition describes severity levels: Mild ME is described as roughly a 50% in functioning compared to before the illness, moderate ME makes one mostly housebound, severe refers to mostly bed-bound, and a very severe being completely bed-bound and requiring care from others.
National guidelines
Several countries, including Australia and the United Kingdom, have authored clinical guidelines that define CFS based on some or all of the available diagnostic criteria. The 2021 UK NICE guideline requires all of the following symptoms:
Debilitating fatigue
Post-exertional malaise
Unrefreshing and/or disturbed sleep
Cognitive difficulties
Additionally, the symptoms must be present for at least 6 weeks in adults and 4 weeks in children, and not explained by another condition.
Testing
As there is no generally accepted test for chronic fatigue syndrome, diagnosis is based on symptoms, history, and ruling out other conditions.
The CDC states that diagnostic tests should be directed to confirm or exclude other causes for fatigue and other symptoms. Further tests may be individually necessary to identify underlying or contributing conditions that require treatment. The use of testing as evidence for the diagnosis chronic fatigue syndrome should only be done in the context of protocol-based research. The following routine tests are recommended:
Complete blood count
Blood chemistry (electrolytes, glucose, renal function, liver enzymes, and protein levels).
Thyroid function tests
Erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR) and C-Reactive protein
Iron tests
Celiac disease screening
Urinalysis for blood cells, protein and glucose
In addition to the CDC's recommendation, the NICE guideline recommends HbA1c and creatine kinase tests, and mentions that blood tests for vitamins D and B12, infectious diseases, and adrenal insufficiency may be warranted. The old 2007 NICE guideline discourages routine performance of the head-up tilt test, auditory brainstem response and electrodermal conductivity for the purpose of diagnosis.
Diagnostic complications and suggested improvements
The National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence (NICE) in England and Wales states that none of the existing case definitions are based on robust evidence, and no studies have confirmed any case definition to be superior to others.
Some researchers say that subtypes of CFS may exist.
CDC 1994
A 2003 international CFS study group for the CDC found ambiguities in the CDC 1994 CFS research case definition which contribute to inconsistent case identification. Different self-reported causes of CFS are associated with significant differences in clinical measures and outcomes.
An examination of the CDC 1994 criteria applied to several hundred patients found that the diagnosis could be strengthened by adding two new symptoms (anorexia and nausea) and eliminating three others (muscle weakness, joint pain, sleep disturbance). Other suggested improvements to the diagnostic criteria include the use of severity ratings.
CDC Empirical definition 2005
A new "empirical definition" of the CDC 1994 criteria was published in 2005. A 2009 evaluation of the 2005 empirical definition compared 27 patients with a prior diagnosis of CFS with 37 patients diagnosed with a Major Depressive Disorder. The researchers reported that "38% of those with a diagnosis of a Major Depressive Disorder were misclassified as having CFS using the new CDC definition."
References
Chronic fatigue syndrome
Pebbles, Volume 9 may refer to:
Pebbles, Volume 9 (1980 album)
Pebbles, Volume 9 (1996 album)
Villefort may refer to:
Places
Villefort, Aude, France
Villefort, Lozère, France
People
Danillo Villefort (born 1983), Brazilian mixed martial artist
Yuri Villefort (born 1991), Brazilian mixed martial artist
Other uses
Gérard de Villefort, Deputy Crown Prosecutor in Alexandre Dumas' novel The Count of Monte Cristo
Eldad Amir (אלדד אמיר; born September 28, 1961) is an Israeli Olympic competitive sailor. He was born in Hadera, Israel, and is Jewish.
Sailing career
When Amir competed in the Olympics he was 6-2.5 (190 cm) tall, and weighed 207 lbs (94 kg).
Amir competed for Israel at the 1984 Summer Olympics with Yoel Sela, at the age of 22, in Los Angeles, California, in Sailing - Mixed Two Person Heavyweight Dinghies, and came in 8th.
Amir competed for Israel at the 1988 Summer Olympics with Yoel Sela, at the age of 26, in Seoul, Korea, in Sailing - Mixed Two Person Heavyweight Dinghies, and came in 4th. They came very close to winning the first Olympic medal in Israeli history, missing one by 11.30 points. Their second race fell on Yom Kippur, and Israeli officials forbade them from competing that day, so they had missed that race. Had they been able to compete in the second race, they would have certainly medaled.
In 1990, Amir and Sela came in 5th in the World Championships. In 1991, they won the Italian Open and came in second in the France Open.
At the 1992 Summer Olympics, Amir carried the Israeli flag at opening ceremony. He competed with Yoel Sela, at the age of 30, in Sailing - Mixed Two Person Heavyweight Dinghies, and came in 20th.
References
External links
Jewish sailors (sport)
Olympic sailors of Israel
Sailors at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Flying Dutchman
Israeli Jews
People from Hadera
Sailors at the 1992 Summer Olympics – Flying Dutchman
Sailors at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Flying Dutchman
Israeli male sailors (sport)
1961 births
Living people
Israeli male models
Samuel Percy Currie (22 November 1889 – 7 December 1962) was a Scottish professional footballer who made over 230 appearances in the Football League for Leicester City as a full-back. He captained the club.
Career
Born in Kilwinning, Scotland, Currie began his career with his hometown junior club Kilwinning Rangers, with whom he 1908–09 Scottish Junior Cup. He moved to England to join Football League Second Division club Leicester Fosse in May 1909. Between 1909 and 1922, he made 248 senior appearances, in addition to a further 123 non-competitive appearances during the First World War. Currie ended his career in the Third Division North with Wigan Borough, for whom he made 33 appearances before being appointed player-coach of the reserve team in March 1924.
Personal life
Currie's brothers Bob and Duncan also became footballers.
Career statistics
Honours
Kilwinning Rangers
Scottish Junior Cup: 1908–09
References
1889 births
1962 deaths
People from Kilwinning
Scottish footballers
Association football fullbacks
Kilwinning Rangers F.C. players
Leicester City F.C. players
English Football League players
Wigan Borough F.C. players
Footballers from North Ayrshire
Scottish Junior Football Association players
The Longueuil City Council (in French: Conseil municipal de la Ville de Longueuil) is the governing body of the mayor–council government in the city of Longueuil on Montreal's south shore, located in the Montérégie region of Quebec, Canada.
Council meetings are held on the third Tuesday of every month at 7 p.m.
Mayor
Composition
Council President
Michel Lanctôt
Councillors
As of the 2021 Quebec municipal elections
Le Vieux-Longueuil
Greenfield Park
Saint-Hubert
See also
Longueuil
Urban agglomeration of Longueuil
Boroughs of Longueuil
List of mayors of Longueuil
Greenfield Park, Quebec
Le Vieux-Longueuil
Saint-Hubert, Quebec
References
External links
Longueuil City Council page
Official Longueuil municipal site
Municipal councils in Quebec
Politics of Longueuil
Fishhooks Wilderness is a wilderness area located in the U.S. state of Arizona. It is administered by the Bureau of Land Management and is located about northwest of Safford, Arizona. It borders the San Carlos Indian Reservation.
Access
From Safford, travel west on Highway 70 for , turn right on the Eden Road, and cross the Gila River Bridge. Turn left onto Hot Springs Road and travel along the north side of the Gila River on graded dirt county road. One mile past the wire gate across the road and just before the farm fields, turn northeast onto an unmarked dirt road and proceed straight through the junction. Ten miles from the county road is the Diamond Bar Ranch headquarters. From here, drive north for one mile (1.6 km) where the wilderness borders the road. Another road branches east at the headquarters forming the wilderness boundary after a half mile. Occasional signs mark the wilderness boundary along these two roads.
A recreation permit must be obtained from the San Carlos Apache Indian Reservation before crossing reservation lands.
See also
List of Arizona Wilderness Areas
List of U.S. Wilderness Areas
References
External links
BLM Fishhooks Wilderness Area page
Wilderness.net Fishhooks Wilderness Area page
Packyourgear.com Fishhooks Wilderness Area page
Wilderness areas of Arizona
Protected areas of Graham County, Arizona
IUCN Category Ib
Bureau of Land Management areas in Arizona
The 2021–22 season was the 76th season in the existence of U.C. Sampdoria and the club's 10th consecutive season in the top flight of Italian football. In addition to the domestic league, Sampdoria participated in this season's edition of the Coppa Italia.
Players
First-team squad
Out on loan
Transfers
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Overall record
Serie A
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
The league fixtures were announced on 14 July 2021.
Coppa Italia
Statistics
Appearances and goals
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Goalkeepers
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Defenders
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Midfielders
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Forwards
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Players transferred out during the season
|-
References
U.C. Sampdoria seasons
Sampdoria
Here Grows New York is a 2018 English-language American urban planning film directed by Myles Zhang and advised by urban historians Kenneth T. Jackson and Gergely Baics. The data visualization follows the history of New York City's infrastructure and street system development from 1609 to the present day. The video was released onto YouTube by Myles Zhang, an undergraduate in architectural history at Columbia University, on October 25, 2018. The video quickly went viral, gaining over three million views.
Synopsis
Through analysis of geo-referenced historic maps, this film follows the spatial history of New York City's five boroughs from the initial Dutch settlement of New Amsterdam in the seventeenth century, through the British colonial era, Industrial Revolution, and into the modern era. This illustrates New York City's slow but steady growth in the pre-modern era, followed by the rapid explosion of the city's surface area, infrastructure, and population in the twentieth century. The resulting short film presents a sequence of “cartographic snapshots” of the historic extent of urbanized area for every twenty to thirty years. The film ends by rewinding four centuries of urban development in a reverse time-lapse. In the final scene, a quote from E.B. White's 1949 soliloquy to New York City flashes across the screen: “The city is like poetry: it compresses all life, all races, and breeds, into a small island and adds music and the accompaniment of internal engines.”
Production and release
Hundreds of maps from the New York Public Library's digital collections and the Library of Congress were analyzed for this film. The maps most representative of urban development at different intervals in urban history were then selected and incorporated into the animation. Since the source maps all had different scales and graphics, it was necessary to meticulously redraw these old maps with a consistent design. This coherence allowed the rate and trends in urban growth to be read more easily and compared between eras.
In addition to winning the 2019 award for best data visualization from Columbia University's Data Science Institute, the video is frequently used in introductory urban history courses. The animation was inspired by, or has inspired, similar urban history data visualizations for Amsterdam, London, Barcelona, and Berlin.
Soundtrack
The soundtrack volume rises with the pace of urban growth and has added sound effects of urban life appropriate to each time period New York City's development traveled through. The sounds of nature, water, and machinery evoke the soundscape of each era in urban history. The music is adapted from the 2002 album, The Language of Cities, from the instrumental rock band Maserati.
References
External links
Official website
Here Goes New York on YouTube
2018 films
American documentary films
Films set in New York City
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
KBS America is an American television channel operated by the U.S. subsidiary of the Korean Broadcasting System, targeting Koreans in North and South America. Launched on October 6, 2005, it runs a broadcasting schedule separate from KBS World in South Korea.
A Canadian variant of this version, broadcast across Canada, is operated by All TV Inc.
:Simple:KBS America
Broadcast availability
Digital broadcast
References
External links
KBS America
World United States
Television networks in the United States
Korean-language television stations
Television channels and stations established in 2005
Taungyagon is a village in Banmauk Township, Katha District, in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
References
External links
Maplandia World Gazetteer
Populated places in Katha District
Banmauk Township
Dag Tjernsmo (born 1962) is a Norwegian banker.
In the Swedish bank conglomerate Handelsbanken he is an executive vice president as well as head of its regional bank in Norway. He has also led the stock fund company Xact Fonder. He is a board member of the Norwegian Financial Services Association and Finance Norway.
References
1962 births
Living people
Norwegian bankers
Paul Wandel (February 16, 1905, Mannheim – June 3, 1995, Berlin) was a German communist politician and statesman in the German Democratic Republic who served as the first Minister of People's Education.
Biography
In 1919 Wandel completed his apprenticeship as an electrical engineer and later worked as a technician. In the same year he joined the Sozialistischen Arbeiterjugend and later on the Young Communist League of Germany and finally the Communist Party of Germany in 1926.
He quickly rose through the ranks and became the first secretary of the KPD district committee in Baden and later became chairman of the parliamentary group of the KPD in Mannheim.
In 1931 he was sent to the Soviet Union and graduated from the International Lenin School, joined the All-Union Communist Party (b) and worked at the Marx–Engels–Lenin Institute.
After the end of World War II, Wandel returned to Germany and served as the chairman of the Central Administration for People's Education from 1945 to 1949 and then Minister of People's Education from 1949 to 1952. After his term as minister ended he was the secretary of Culture and Education Department at the Central Committee of the Socialist Unity Party.
From 1958 to 1961 he served as DDR's ambassador to the People's Republic of China and then was appointed deputy Foreign Minister.
From 1964 to 1976 he was Chairman of League of Friendship Among Nations and from 1982 to 1989 he was chairman of the DDR–People's Republic of China Friendship Committee.
After German reunification he became a member of the Party of Democratic Socialism.
References
1905 births
1995 deaths
Politicians from Mannheim
German communists
Communist Party of Germany politicians
Socialist Unity Party of Germany politicians
Members of the Central Committee of the Socialist Unity Party of Germany
Members of the Volkskammer
Government ministers of East Germany
German Comintern people
International Lenin School alumni
Recipients of the Patriotic Order of Merit (honor clasp)
German expatriates in the Soviet Union
Ambassadors of East Germany
Zoran Marojević (, ; 27 April 1942 – 24 April 2019) was a Serbian professional basketball player of Croat origin who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
1942 births
2019 deaths
Serbs of Croatia
Serbian men's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Yugoslavia
Basketball players at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for Yugoslavia
Olympic medalists in basketball
OKK Beograd players
Medalists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for Yugoslavia
Competitors at the 1967 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games medalists in basketball
Forwards (basketball)
The following is a list of international schools in China.
Beijing
Beanstalk International Bilingual School
Beijing BISS International School
Beijing City International School
Beijing International Bilingual Academy
British School of Beijing
Beijing Royal School
Canadian International School of Beijing
Daystar Academy
Deutsche Botschaftsschule Peking
Dulwich College Beijing
Harrow International School Beijing
International School of Beijing
Japanese School of Beijing
Korean International School in Beijing
Lycée Français International de Pékin
Saint Paul American School
Tsinghua International School
Western Academy of Beijing
Yew Chung International School of Beijing
Jiujiang
Kuling American School
Chefoo School Kuling Campus
Jiujiang Foreign Language School International Division
Jiujiang Tongwen Middle School International Division
Jiujiang No.1 School International Division
Changzhou
Changzhou Trina International School
Oxford International College of Changzhou
Chengdu
Chengdu International School
Léman International School - Chengdu
Oxford International College of Chengdu
QSI International School of Chengdu
Chongqing
Yew Chung International School of Chongqing
Dalian
Japanese School of Dalian
Dalian American International School
Foshan
Lady Eleanor Holles International School Foshan
Guangzhou
Alcanta International College
American International School of Guangzhou
The British School of Guangzhou
Canadian International School of Guangzhou
Guangzhou Korean School
Guangzhou Nanhu International School
Huamei-Bond International College
Japanese School of Guangzhou
Utahloy International School of Guangzhou
Fettes College Guangzhou
Utahloy International School Zengcheng
Hangzhou
Hangzhou International School
Wahaha International School
Kunming
Kunming International Academy
Nanjing
British International School of Nanjing
Nanjing International School
Ningbo
Access International Academy Ningbo
Huamao Multicultural Education Academy
Ningbo Zhicheng School International
Qingdao
International School of Qingdao
Qingdao Amerasia International School
Yew Chung International School of Qingdao
Sanya
International School of Sanya
Shanghai
Shenyang
Shenyang Transformation International School
QSI
Shenzhen
International School of Nanshan Shenzhen
Japanese School of Shenzhen
QSI International School of Shekou
Shekou International School
Shen Wai International School
Shenzhen College of International Education
Suzhou
Dulwich College Suzhou
Japanese School of Suzhou
Suzhou Singapore International School
Ulink College Suzhou
Tianjin
International School of Tianjin
TEDA International School
Tianjin International School
Wellington College International Tianjin
Weihai
Zhongshi International School
Wuhan
Wuhan Yangtze International School
Wuhan Ulink College of China Optics Valley
Wuhan Maple Leaf International School
Wuhan French International School
Xiamen
Manila Xiamen International School
Xiamen International School
Xi'an
Xi'an Hanova International School
Xi'an International School
See also
List of international schools in Hong Kong
List of international schools
References
International schools
China
Czarni, means "The Blacks" in the Polish language, and is a name commonly given to Polish sports teams, including:
Czarni Dęblin, men's association football club
Czarni Jasło, men's association football club
Czarni Lwów, men's association football club
Czarni Olecko, men's association football club
Czarni Pruszcz Gdański, association football and rugby union club
Czarni Radom, men's volleyball club
Czarni Słupsk, men's basketball club
Czarni Sosnowiec, men's association football club
Czarni Wierzchosławice, men's association football club
Czarni Żagań, men's association football club
See also
Czarna (disambiguation)
The Division of Petrie is an Australian Electoral Division in Queensland.
History
The division was created in 1949 and named after Andrew Petrie (1798–1872), a noted civil engineer, pioneer, and explorer, and the first free settler in Brisbane (1837).
The electorate has a higher-than-average percentage of pensioners and self-funded retirees, and is mainly residential, with some light industrial and commercial activities.
Originally a safe Liberal seat, it has become much more marginal since the late 1970s. Since 1975, it has been held by the party of government for all but one term.
Ahead of the 2016 federal election, ABC psephologist Antony Green listed the seat in his election guide as one of eleven which he classed as "bellwether" electorates.
Boundaries
Since 1984, federal electoral division boundaries in Australia have been determined at redistributions by a redistribution committee appointed by the Australian Electoral Commission. Redistributions occur for the boundaries of divisions in a particular state, and they occur every seven years, or sooner if a state's representation entitlement changes or when divisions of a state are malapportioned.
Petrie is located in the northern suburbs of Brisbane, and since a redistribution ahead of the 2010 Federal Election has been centred on the Redcliffe Peninsula.
In the Moreton Bay Region, it includes Clontarf, Kippa-Ring, Margate, Redcliffe, Rothwell, Deception Bay, Scarborough, Woody Point, North Lakes, Mango Hill, Griffin and part of Burpengary.
In the City of Brisbane, it includes Bald Hills, Bracken Ridge, Carseldine and Fitzgibbon, and parts of Aspley and Bridgeman Downs.
Members
Election results
References
Division of Petrie (Qld) — Australian Electoral Commission
Electoral divisions of Australia
Constituencies established in 1949
1949 establishments in Australia
Federal politics in Queensland
The Curative Petition is the last chance available for the protection from the compensation of injustice in the court after the review petition is dismissed or has been exhausted. It is a concept that evolved by the Supreme Court of India in the matter of Rupa Ashok Hurra vs. Ashok Hurra and Anr. (2002) in which the question was whether an aggrieved person is entitled to any relief against the final judgement or order of the Supreme Court after the dismissal of a review petition. The Supreme Court held that to prevent abuse of its process and to cure gross miscarriage of justice, it may reconsider its judgements in exercise of its inherent powers. For that purpose, the court has devised what has been termed as a curative petition in which the petitioner is required to aver specifically that the grounds mentioned therein had been taken in the review petition filed earlier and that it was dismissed by circulation, which must be certified by a senior advocate. The curative petition is then circulated to the three most senior judges and to the judges who delivered the impugned judgement if available. No time limit is given for filing curative petition.
It is guaranteed under Article 137 of Constitution of India, which gives the power to the Supreme Court to review of its own judgements and orders.
The main difference between the review petition and curative petition is the fact that review petition is inherently provided in the constitution of India whereas the emergence of the curative petition is in relation with the interpretation of the review petition by the Supreme Court which is enshrined in article 137.
Requirements
To entertain a curative petition, the Supreme Court has laid down specific conditions:
The petitioner must establish that there was a genuine violation of principles of natural justice and fear of the bias of the judge and judgement that adversely affected him.
The petition must state specifically that the grounds mentioned had been taken in the review petition and that it was dismissed by circulation.
The curative petition must accompany certification by a senior lawyer relating to the fulfillment of the above requirements.
The petition is to be sent to the three senior most judges and judges of the bench who passed the judgement affecting the petition, if available.
If the majority of the judges on the above bench agree that the matter needs hearing, it is sent to the same bench if possible.
The court may impose "exemplary costs" to the petitioner if his plea lacks merit.
See also
Review petition
References
Supreme Court of India
Najjar Kola (, also Romanized as Najjār Kolā) is a village in Chelav Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 46, in 13 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Chausseestraße 131 is the second LP recorded by East German Liedermacher and poet Wolf Biermann, after Wolf Biermann (Ost) zu Gast bei Wolfgang Neuss (West), an album recorded together with Wolfgang Neuss. It was his first album released after the Socialist Unity Party officially blacklisted him from performing or releasing music through the East German music monopoly VEB Deutsche Schallplatten. Due to being blacklisted, Biermann was unable to use a professional recording studio to record the album, forcing him to record in his apartment at Chausseestraße 131 using a Grundig tape recorder and a Sennheiser omnidirectional microphone smuggled in from West Germany. Because of this, the sound of traffic outside his apartment can be heard in the background.
In 1969, Biermann received the Fontane Prize, an award established by the state of Berlin in 1948. Biermann caused a minor scandal by publicly passing it on to the Außerparlamentarische Opposition (APO), a political protest group that played a central part of the German student movement. The same action had also been taken by Peter Schneider, an earlier recipient of the prize. Biermann also transferred 10,000 DM of the prize money to Horst Mahler, who at the time was a lawyer active within the APO.
Track listing
A-side
Die Hab Ich Satt! - 5:14
Das Barlach-Lied - 3:02
Deutschland - Ein Wintermärchen (1. Kapitel) Und Ballade Auf Den Dichter François Villon - 6:22
Wie Eingepfercht In Kerkermauern - 3:23
Zwischenlied - 1:31
B-side
Frühling Auf Dem Mont-Klamott - 5:06
Moritat Auf Biermann Seine Oma Meume In Hamburg - 5:01
Großes Gebet der alten Kommunistin Oma Meume in Hamburg - 4:59
So soll es sein - so wird es sein - 5:59
References
German-language albums
1968 albums
East German music
Washington United for Marriage was a coalition of secular and religious organizations in Washington actively pressing the legislature to provide marriage for same-sex couples. The organisation was founded in 2011, and formed to secure passage of a bill in the Washington legislature calling for same-sex marriage, and to then defend such a measure should a statewide referendum be launched to challenge it. Members of the coalition include Equal Rights Washington, the Human Rights Campaign, and the American Civil Liberties Union. Within 24 hours of having been publicly launched, the coalition had secured an endorsement for same-sex marriage in Washington from the editorial board of the Seattle Times.
History
The 2009 public decision to allow domestic partnerships for same-sex couples through the approval of Referendum 71 made Washington the first state in the United States to approve any form of relationship recognition for same-sex couples at a public vote. Led by a coalition of organizations known as Washington Families Standing Together (WAFST), the campaign to approve the referendum was built around the notion that secular organizations needed to ally with progressive religious organizations in order to leverage their organizing power, and credibility within communities of faith, where much opposition to LGBT equality finds root.
Following on the approval of Referendum 71, LGBT organizations in Washington began to build the support and infrastructure to launch a full campaign in favor of same-sex marriage. Through public education work, organizations like Equal Rights Washington took advantage of growing support across the United States to begin to build local support to enact laws protecting lesbian and gay couples and their families from marriage discrimination. At the time of the founding of Washington United for Marriage, one poll showed 55% of Washington voters would support a law bestowing marriage rights on same-sex couples in Washington.
Washington United for Marriage, led by many of the same individuals involved in the Approve Referendum 71 campaign run by WAFST, was founded on a similar model of secular and religious coalition building. In addition, national heavy-hitters in the area of LGBT advocacy including the Human Rights Campaign and American Civil Liberties Union were to become even more central players in the campaign to secure votes in the Washington State Senate to pass a measure granting same-sex couples marriage rights.
See also
Same-sex marriage in Washington state
LGBT rights in Washington
Domestic partnership in Washington state
References
LGBT political advocacy groups in Washington (state)
Non-profit organizations based in Seattle
Politics of Washington (state)
2011 establishments in Washington (state)
This is a list of television broadcasters from around the world which provide coverage of the FIFA Club World Cup.
Broadcasters
2021
References
FIFA Club World Cup
FIFA Club World Cup
This is a list of Italian regions by highest point. There are 20 regions, but in one case (Serra Dolcedorme) the highest point is shared between two of them (Basilicata and Calabria), so there are only 19 highest points listed.
List
References
See also
List of mountains of Italy
List of volcanoes in Italy
Highest
Mountains of Italy
Italian regions
Central African Republic competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 September to 18 September 2016.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Delegation
The country sent a team of 1 athlete, a man, to the 2016 Summer Paralympics. He competed in athletics.
Athletics
Roddy-Mickael Stephane Mokolongo represented the Central African Republic at the 2016 Summer Paralympics, competing in the Men's Javelin Throw - F57 and Men's Shot Put - F57 events. The 30-year-old from Brazzaville finished 12th in the javelin throw.
Men's Field
See also
Central African Republic at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
Para
Ladies' Night in a Turkish Bath is a 1928 American silent comedy film directed by Edward F. Cline.<ref>[http://www.afi.com/members/catalog/DetailView.aspx?s=&Movie=10120 The AFI Catalog of Feature Films: Ladies' Night in a Turkish Bath]</ref> It is based on the 1920 play Ladies' Night by Charlton Andrews and Avery Hopwood. It was released on April 1, 1928 by First National Pictures.
Cast
Dorothy Mackaill as Helen Slocum
Jack Mulhall as "Speed" Dawson
Sylvia Ashton as Ma Slocum
James Finlayson as Pa Slocum
Guinn "Big Boy" Williams as Sweeney
Harvey Clark as Mr. Spivens
Reed Howes as Edwin Leroy
Ethel Wales as Mrs. Spivens
Fred Kelsey as Detective
Andreva Nunée as Dancer (uncredited)
Fred Toones as Barbershop Attendant (uncredited)
Preservation
A copy of Ladies' Night in a Turkish Bath'' is housed at the UCLA Film and Television Archive.
References
External links
1928 films
American silent feature films
1928 comedy films
Silent American comedy films
Films directed by Edward F. Cline
American black-and-white films
Films produced by Edward Small
1920s American films
Tectococcus ovatus (Hemiptera: Eriococcidae), also called the Brazilian Scale, is a scale insect in the family Eriococcidae. It is most widely known for being a potential biological control agent for Psidium cattleyanum (strawberry guava) in Florida, and Hawaii. Extensive testing has shown that this species is very host-specific.
References
Eriococcidae
Endemic fauna of Hawaii
The men's 800 metres event at the 1981 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 21 and 22 February.
Medalists
Results
Heats
First 2 from each heat (Q) and the next 2 fastest (q) qualified for the semifinals.
Final
References
800 metres at the European Athletics Indoor Championships
800
José María Loizaga Viguri (9 May 1936 – 22 March 2020) was a Spanish businessman. He was a director and Vice President of ACS Group, and Vice President of Zardoya Otis, among other companies.
Biography
After graduating in Economics, Loizaga began his professional activity at Banco Vizcaya, where he held various executive positions. In 1968, he became CEO of Zardoya, which in 1972 merged with Schneider Otis. He subsequently assumed the leadership of Otis Elevator in Southern Europe (1972–1980), and was later appointed Vice President of Zardoya Otis.
With the arrival of the eighties, Loizaga founded Banco Hispano Industrial (integrated in the BHA Group). In 1982, he became vice president of Banco Unión, and was also appointed CEO. Soon after, Banco Unión merged with Banco Urquijo. Loizaga remained in that entity until 1985, as Vice President of Banco Urquijo. In 1985, he founded Mercapital Servicios Financieros, a group that he chaired (1985–2008). This company is considered the dean of Spanish venture capital. After merging with N + 1 (now Alantra), it continued to invest under the REA Industrial Portfolio. From 1989 until his death, he was part of the ACS Group board of directors.
He had been Chairman of Bodegas Lan and Bodegas Barón de Ley. board member of Banque Privée Edmond de Rothschild, Suez International, Otis International, AmorimInvestment, Lácteas García Baquero, Unión Fenosa, Mecalux and President of the Hotel Portfolio. His extensive business career allowed him to be a direct witness and protagonist, of the development of Spanish capitalism from 1970 to 2020, both for his status as a director and as a private investor.
Personal life and death
Loizaga was married to María Paz Jiménez Martínez, the couple had three children: Javier, Paz and Rebeca Loizaga Jiménez. He died in Ciudad Real on 22 March 2020 from COVID-19, during the COVID-19 pandemic in Spain.
References
1936 births
2020 deaths
People from Bilbao
20th-century Spanish businesspeople
21st-century Spanish businesspeople
Spanish bankers
Spanish business executives
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in Spain
Businesspeople from the Basque Country (autonomous community)
Accumulators (aka: share forward accumulators) are financial derivative products sold by an issuer (seller) to investors (the buyer) that require the buyers to buy shares of some underlying security at a predetermined strike price, settled periodically.
This allows the investor to "accumulate" holdings in the underlying security over the term of the contract; this then constitutes a structured product.
Sometimes known as "I kill you later" contracts, accumulators typically last for a year or less and terminate early ("knock-out") if the stock price goes above a threshold ("barrier").
The basic idea of an accumulator contract is that the buyer speculates a company will trade between a certain price range (the range between the strike and the knock out price) within the contract period, and the issuer bets that stock will fall below the strike price. Note that the buyer holds an obligation to buy the shares at the strike price and not the option to buy. Likewise, the issuer holds an obligation to sell shares at the strike price.
Contract specifications
Terms of the accumulator contract between two counterparties are specified in a term sheet. They will usually include the following:
The Reference Shares ("the shares"), or the underlying security of the contract.
The quantity and class of shares (if there are more than one class).
The strike price, also called the exercise price. This is price at which the issuer will sell shares to the investor.
The settlement dates, this is the dates on which shares will change hands from the Issuer to the buyer. There should be more than one settlement day in an accumulator contract, or else it will not be "accumulating".
The knock out price, this sets the top limit price the underlying equity can reach before the contract is "knocked out" and whatever outstanding shares accumulated prior to that day are settled
Shares per day, this is the maximum number of shares the buyer can "accumulate" per day.
The trade day, this is the day the contract was sold/bought.
The first accumulation day, this is the day that accumulation begins.
The Initial Knock-out day, this is the first day that knock out can occur.
References
Derivatives (finance)
Structured finance
Pseudospingus is a genus of warbler-like birds in the tanager family Thraupidae. They are found in highland forests in South America.
Taxonomy and species list
The two species now placed in this genus were formerly assigned to the genus Hemispingus. A molecular phylogenetic study published in 2014 found that Hemispingus was polyphyletic and as part of the subsequent rearrangement, the genus Pseudospingus was resurrected for these two species. The genus had been introduced by Hans von Berlepsch and Jean Stolzmann in 1896. The type species was subsequently designated as the drab hemispingus. The name Pseudospingus combines the Ancient Greek pseudos meaning "false" or "another" with spingos meaning "finch".
Species
The two species in the genus are:
References
Bird genera
Taxa named by Hans von Berlepsch
Taxa named by Jan Sztolcman
NGC 1190 is a lenticular galaxy approximately 109 million light-years away from Earth in the constellation of Eridanus. It was discovered by American astronomer Francis Leavenworth on December 2, 1885 with the 26" refractor at Leander McCormick Observatory.
NGC 1190 is dominated by stellar light with little long wavelength emission.
Together with NGC 1189, NGC 1191, NGC 1192 and NGC 1199 it forms Hickson Compact Group 22 (HCG 22) galaxy group. Although they are considered members of this group, NGC 1191 and NGC 1192 are in fact background objects, since they are much further away compared to the other members of this group.
Image gallery
See also
Lenticular galaxy
Hickson Compact Group
List of NGC objects (1001–2000)
Eridanus (constellation)
References
External links
SEDS
Lenticular galaxies
Eridanus (constellation)
1190
11508
Hickson Compact Groups
Astronomical objects discovered in 1885
Discoveries by Francis Leavenworth
Dołhobyczów-Kolonia () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately east of Dołhobyczów, south-east of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Leatheroid is cellulose material very similar to vulcanized fibre in physical properties and uses. It is prepared using unsized cotton rag paper (as is vulcanized fibre) and mineral acid.
Manufacturer
Leatheroid was made by the Leatheroid Manufacturing Company and its successors the Mousam Manufacturing Company, the National Fibreboard Company and the Rogers Fibre Company. For nearly 50 years from 1881 to 1930 Leatheroid was made in Kennebunk, Maine.
History
The Leatheroid Manufacturing Company's first existence can be traced to Wheeling, West
Virginia. The 1879 Session Laws of West Virginia showed the following individuals to hold shares:
The West Virginia law incorporated the company with $20,200 in initial capitalization, each share having a $100 value. The company was authorized to increase its capitalization to $100,000 through the sale of additional shares with the value of $100 each. Leatheroid operated in Wheeling for a year and then moved on to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, for a year and next to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Finally Leatheroid was purchased by the Mousam Manufacturing Company and its equipment and manufacturing operations removed to Kennebunk, Maine.
The Mousam Manufacturing Company was organized in 1875 to manufacture leatherboard at Kennebunk, Maine. Among those organizing Mousam Manufacturing Company were Emery Andrews, S. B. Rogers, Stephen Moore, and Homer Rogers. The company's name was the same as a cotton mill that had operated in Kennebunk from 1838 to 1850 and ceased operations after being destroyed in a fire. Mousam Manufacturing Company used most of its leatherboard in the production of shoe counters, which are used to stiffen the heel area of boots and shoes.
In 1881 when Mousam Manufacturing Company purchased Leatheroid and moved its manufacturing equipment into nearby mill buildings adjacent to its own leatherboard mill in Kennebunk, Maine, it organized it as a separate company, the Leatheroid Manufacturing Company. Emery Andrews, S.B. Rogers, Stephen Moore, and Homer Rogers were board members and controlling stockholders in the Leatheroid Manufacturing Company as they were in Mousam Manufacturing Company. In 1891 the Mousam Manufacturing Company and the Leatheroid Manufacturing Company along with Harwood Manufacturing Company of Leominster, Massachusetts, the Towne Manufacturing Company of Boston, Massachusetts, and the Clegg and Fisher Mill at Lawrence, Massachusetts, were merged into a new company known as the Consolidated Fibre Board and Leatheroid Company. This consolidation was known as the National Fibre Board Company with Emery Andrews as president and the board of directors consisting of Charles H. Allen, Homer Rogers, J. A. Harwood, Stephen Moore, and W.C. Gogswell. In 1918 the National Fibre Board Company changed its name to Rogers Fibre Company. The officers of Rogers Fibre Company in 1920 were Elliott Rogers, Pres., Kennebunk, Me.; Louis Rogers, V-P; E. W. Freeman, Clerk, Portland, Me.; L. B.Rogers, Treas. & Gen. Mgr.; E. O. Hallberg, Asst. Treas. Boston, Mass. In 1930 the Leatheroid business of Rogers Fibre Company and its equipment were sold to the Delaware Hard Fibre Company. All usable equipment was removed from the Leatheroid operations in the Island and Dirigo buildings at Kennebunk, thus bringing an end to Leatheroid production in Kennebunk, Maine.
Current production
The name Leatheroid is still used for seal and gasket material on the market today.
Process
The key patents for the development of leatheroid were:
These patents centered on using mineral acids (sulfuric and hydrochloric) to produce the high level of bonding for parchmentized paper and leatheroid as compared to using zinc chloride to produce vulcanized fibre. The basic process for producing parchmentized paper is to pass the paper through an acid bath, press it, wash the paper, neutralize the remaining acids in the paper with a caustic bath of ammonium hydroxide, sodium hydroxide, or other suitable caustic solution, wash the paper again, and then dry the paper in the normal way. This process is used to this day to produce parchmentized paper. However the use of this process to produce the highly bonded fibre board known as leatheroid had problems to be surmounted. Using the cutdown machine to build up multiple layers of paper to various board weights entailed the problem of how to keep the acid from destroying the cellulose chains. The key to the using the parchmentizing process for paper in the production of paperboard seems to center around using other chemical agents in the parchmentizing acid solution to retard or delay the destruction of the cellulose chains until such time as the acid is washed out or neutralized. Examples of such agents are given patent number 198,382 as zinc and dextrin (dextrine). Other organic matters that may substitute for dextrin mentioned in 198382 were crude petroleum, blood, albumen, and paper and pulp. Another technique used to retard or delay the action of the parchmentizing acid solution was to keep the reaction cold. The technique and equipment designed to accomplish it are described patent number 312,945. The importance of keeping the reaction cold was so important that leatheroid manufacturing in Kennebunk was suspended every summer until 1889 when the Leatheroid Manufacturing Company dug a well that provided a source of cold water year round as an alternative to using Mousam River water.
References
Kennebunk, Maine
Fibers
Paper
Cellulose
Richard Northalis (died 20 July 1397) was an English-born cleric and judge who spent much of his life in Ireland. He held the offices of Bishop of Ossory, Archbishop of Dublin and Lord Chancellor of Ireland. For the last decade of his life, he was one of the English Crown's most trusted advisers on Irish affairs.
Early life
He was born in Middlesex, the son of John Northales (died 1349), also known as John Clarke, who was Sheriff of London in 1335-6. He entered the Carmelite order in London. He gained a reputation as a preacher of great eloquence, and was appointed a royal chaplain. He was Bishop of Ossory from 1386 to 1396, probably as a reward for his long service to the Crown, and was then briefly Archbishop of Dublin.
Crown servant
He was a diplomat and statesman of considerable repute. He was envoy to the Holy See in 1388 and was a trusted adviser to King Richard II in his dealings with the Holy See and in Irish affairs. As a mark of royal favour he was given an export licence for a wide variety of items, including hawks, falcons, gold and silver. Affairs of state kept him out of Ireland for much of the years 1388-90, during which time there were serious disturbances in his diocese; he later complained of his inability to collect the diocesan revenues, and the unhelpful attitude of the Royal Government, which he accused of withholding two-thirds of the revenue which was due to him, in contravention of a royal order of 1389.In 1390 he was given a royal commission to inquire into corruption, maladministration and abuse of office by Irish officials. The powers granted to him by the commission (which was a familiar medieval response to complaints about the misgovernment of Ireland) were very wide, no doubt an indication of the high degree of trust placed in him by the Crown. He was entitled to examine all official records and summon any official for questioning. All Crown servants, even the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, were required to co-operate with the Bishop.
The King, in 1391, referred to Richard as a man on whom he greatly relied for his "circumspection, prudence and fidelity". He spent much of the spring and summer of that year in England in constant attendance on the King, advising him on his dealings with the Vatican, which were particularly difficult at that time due to the Papal Schism. On his return to Ireland he was made a member of the Privy Council of Ireland and acted as Justiciar of Kilkenny. He was summoned to the Great Council which was held in Kilkenny in 1395 where the King, uniquely in the annals of Irish history, was personally present.
Chancellor and Archbishop
He was Lord Chancellor of Ireland from 1393 to 1397. In addition to his judicial duties, he is said to have shouldered much of the burden of government, including the task of keeping the peace between the Gaelic clans and the English settlers. He petitioned the Privy Council for an additional allowance of twenty pounds, complaining that his salary as Lord Chancellor, which was sixty marks a year, (equivalent to forty pounds sterling), did not cover even one-third of his expenses. He worked closely with James Butler, 3rd Earl of Ormonde, the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, and accompanied him on an armed expedition to Munster. He obtained special leave to visit England without incurring the normal penalties imposed on absentees from Ireland, on the condition that he furnish a troop of soldiers for the defence of the realm. He became Archbishop of Dublin in 1396: he died in Dublin died only a year later and was buried in St. Patrick's Cathedral. In his short tenure as Archbishop he had one notable achievement: the Archbishop of Dublin was confirmed in office as Admiral of the leading port of Dalkey, south of Dublin city.
Works
A number of works are attributed to him, none of which survive: they include Sermones and Ad Ecclesarium Paroches. His authorship of a Hymn to Canute is disputed.
References
Sources
Archbishops of Dublin
14th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Ireland
Bishops of Ossory
Lord chancellors of Ireland
Howard William Bedell (born September 29, 1935 in Clearfield, Pennsylvania) is an American former Major League Baseball player, coach and front-office administrator. An outfielder, Bedell played for the Milwaukee Braves in 1962 and the Philadelphia Phillies in 1968. He batted left-handed, threw right-handed, stood tall and weighed . Bedell graduated from Pottstown Senior High School and attended West Chester University. Mr Bedell currently lives in Pottstown PA.
In MLB, Bedell played in 67 games and registered 28 hits, three runs batted in and scored 15 runs. He batted .193. Fifty-eight of his 67 games played, all 15 of his runs scored, 27 of his 28 hits and two of his three RBIs were with the Braves. Bedell's lone RBI as a Phillie came in a game against the Los Angeles Dodgers at Dodger Stadium on June 8, . Pinch-hitting in the top of the fifth inning, Bedell hit a sacrifice fly to score Tony Taylor for a run that ended Don Drysdale's string of 58 consecutive scoreless innings. Earlier that game, Drysdale had broken Walter Johnson's streak of 56 consecutive scoreless innings, set in .
Bedell played almost 1,400 games in minor league baseball, and his active career stretched over 13 seasons (1957–1969). While in the American Association in Bedell recorded a 43-game hitting streak, which ended up tied for the league record after the league folded in .
After his playing career ended, Bedell held both on- and off-field posts with MLB clubs. He was a coach with the Kansas City Royals () and Seattle Mariners (), coordinator of player development for the Royals () and Mariners (part of 1988), and farm director of the Phillies (–) and Cincinnati Reds (–). He also served as a manager in the Phillies' and Colorado Rockies farm systems.
External links
Howie Bedell at Baseball Almanac
1935 births
Living people
Atlanta Crackers players
Austin Senators players
Baseball players from Pennsylvania
Boise Braves players
Cincinnati Reds executives
Jacksonville Braves players
Kansas City Royals coaches
Louisville Colonels (minor league) players
Major League Baseball farm directors
Major League Baseball outfielders
Milwaukee Braves players
People from Clearfield, Pennsylvania
Philadelphia Phillies players
Reading Phillies players
Sacramento Solons players
Seattle Mariners coaches
Toronto Maple Leafs (International League) players
Tulsa Oilers (baseball) players
West Chester Golden Rams baseball players
York White Roses players
A business magnate, also known as a tycoon, is a person who has achieved immense wealth through the ownership of multiple lines of enterprise. The term characteristically refers to a powerful entrepreneur or investor who controls, through personal enterprise ownership or a dominant shareholding position, a firm or industry whose goods or services are widely consumed. Such individuals may also be known as barons, captains of industry, czars, moguls, oligarchs, plutocrats or taipans.
Etymology
The term magnate derives from the Latin word magnates (plural of magnas), meaning "great man" or "great nobleman".
The term mogul is an English corruption of mughal, Persian or Arabic for "Mongol". It alludes to emperors of the Mughal Empire in Medieval India, who possessed great power and storied riches capable of producing wonders of opulence such as the Taj Mahal.
The term tycoon derives from the Japanese word , which means "great lord", used as a title for the shōgun. The word entered the English language in 1857 with the return of Commodore Perry to the United States. US President Abraham Lincoln was humorously referred to as the Tycoon by his aides John Nicolay and John Hay. The term spread to the business community, where it has been used ever since.
Usage
Modern business magnates are entrepreneurs that amass on their own or wield substantial family fortunes in the process of building or running their own businesses. Some are widely known in connection with these entrepreneurial activities, others through highly-visible secondary pursuits such as philanthropy, political fundraising and campaign financing, and sports team ownership or sponsorship.
The terms mogul, tycoon, and baron were often applied to late-19th- and early-20th-century North American business magnates in extractive industries such as mining, logging and petroleum, transportation fields such as shipping and railroads, manufacturing such as automaking and steelmaking, in banking, as well as newspaper publishing. Their dominance was known as the Second Industrial Revolution, the Gilded Age, or the Robber Baron Era.
Examples of business magnates in the western world include historical figures such as oilman John D. Rockefeller, automobile pioneer Henry Ford, shipping and railroad veterans Aristotle Onassis, Cornelius Vanderbilt, Leland Stanford, Jay Gould, and James J. Hill, steel innovator Andrew Carnegie, newspaper publisher William Randolph Hearst, retail merchant Sam Walton, and banker J. P. Morgan. Contemporary industrial tycoons include e-commerce entrepreneur Jeff Bezos, investor Warren Buffett, computer programmer Bill Gates, technology innovator Steve Jobs, media proprietor Sumner Redstone, steel investor Lakshmi Mittal, telecommunications investor Carlos Slim, Virgin Group founder Sir Richard Branson, entrepreneur Elon Musk, Formula 1 manager Bernie Ecclestone, media entrepreneur Rupert Murdoch, and poultry technologist Frank Perdue.
Business magnates
See also
Bloomberg Billionaires Index
Bourgeoisie
Business oligarch
Businessperson
Chaebol
Media proprietor
Real estate investing
Software industry
The World's Billionaires
References
External links
Magnate
Magnate
Management occupations
Social classes
Gene Ammons in Sweden is a live album by saxophonist Gene Ammons recorded in Åhus in 1973 and released on the Enja label in 1981.
Reception
The Allmusic review states, "It's not that well recorded, but Ammons' playing is furious, funky, and riveting".
Track listing
Billie's Bounce" (Charlie Parker) - 11:25
"There Is No Greater Love" (Isham Jones, Marty Symes) - 8:35
"Polka Dots and Moonbeams" (Johnny Burke, Jimmy Van Heusen) - 4:58
"Lover Man" (Jimmy Davis, Ram Ramirez, James Sherman) - 5:35
"Ahus Jazz" (Horace Parlan) - 7:55
Personnel
Gene Ammons - tenor saxophone
Horace Parlan - piano
Red Mitchell - bass
Ed Jones - drums
References
1981 live albums
Enja Records live albums
Gene Ammons live albums
Father Is a Bachelor is a 1950 American musical romantic comedy film directed by Abby Berlin and Norman Foster. It stars William Holden and Coleen Gray.
Plot
Carefree vagabond Johnny Rutledge is stuck in a small town when his medicine show employer and friend Professor Mordecai Ford is put in jail. He befriends a young girl named May Chalotte and her older brothers January ("Jan"), February ("Feb") and twins March and April. Jan received word six months before that their parents had died in a riverboat accident, but has not told anybody but Feb, and now Johnny, fearing they would be sent to an orphanage. Johnny makes it clear that he is adamantly opposed to taking on any responsibilities, but somehow finds himself becoming their "uncle" anyway. He works on a farm during the week and sings and waits tables on Sunday in a restaurant owned by Jericho Schlosser to provide for the children.
When Prudence Millett, daughter of the local judge, comes to inquire why the boys are not in school, Johnny is forced to claim he is their uncle. A romance begins to blossom, despite his strong aversion to being tied down. (He had worked very hard to drag himself out of poverty to half-ownership of a paper mill, only to have his partner abscond with all the company funds, so he gave up being a responsible citizen.)
When wealthy, unloved Jeffrey Gilland Sr. orders Johnny to keep his disreputable children away from his son Jeffrey Jr., Johnny scuffles with him and gets arrested. Prudence posts his bond, but his troubles are not over. Plato Cassin, Gilland's lawyer, finds out about the children's parents and blackmails Johnny into agreeing to marry one of his older, spinster sisters, Genevieve and Adelaide, in order to keep the kids. (Adelaide wins a game of quoits for the privilege.) Plato also convinces Prudence that Johnny was using the children to romance her.
After thinking it over, Johnny decides to run away with the now-released Professor Ford. May overhears and invites people to her birthday party the next day, intending it to be a going-away party for Johnny. Meanwhile, Johnny dissuades Gilland's young son from running away himself. At the party, a grateful Gilland drops the charges against him.
When May asks why Prudence cannot be her aunt instead of Adelaide, the young woman is quite willing, having seen how far Johnny is willing to go for the children. Johnny tells Adelaide that he loves Prudence. She proves to be a sport and the two women gamble for him. Professor Ford offers what he, Johnny and Jan believe is Johnny's two-headed coin. Prudence wins the toss. Later, Johnny is shocked to learn that they accidentally used a regular coin. Professor Ford leaves town, leaving Johnny with his new family.
Cast
William Holden as Johnny Rutledge
Coleen Gray as Prudence Millett
Mary Jane Saunders as May Chalotte
Charles Winninger as Professor Mordecai Ford
Stuart Erwin as Constable Pudge Barnham
Clinton Sundberg as Plato Cassin
Gary Gray as Jan Chalotte
Sig Ruman as Jericho Schlosser
Billy Gray as Feb Chalotte
Lloyd Corrigan as Judge Millett
Frederic Tozere as Jeffrey Gilland Sr.
Peggy Converse as Genevieve Cassin
Lillian Bronson as Adelaide Cassin
Songs
Johnny sings a number of songs in the film, including "Wait 'Till the Sun Shines, Nellie" in blackface in the opening scene. Holden's singing was dubbed by Buddy Clark.
Reception
Bosley Crowther called the film a "saccharine, paper-thin little romance" in his New York Times review.
References
External links
1950 films
1950 romantic comedy films
American black-and-white films
American musical comedy films
American romantic comedy films
Films about orphans
Columbia Pictures films
Films directed by Abby Berlin
Films directed by Norman Foster
1950s English-language films
1950s American films
Quadrologue at Utopia is a live album by jazz pianist Mal Waldron featuring Jim Pepper recorded in 1989 and released on the German Tutu label.
Reception
Allmusic awarded the album 3 stars.
Track listing
All compositions by Mal Waldron except as indicated
"Ticket to Utopia" — 20:31
"Time for Duke" — 11:35
"Never in a Hurry" — 15:38
"Mistral Breeze, No. 1" — 10:25
"Funny Glasses & A Moustache" (Jim Pepper, Mal Waldron) — 15:50
Recorded at the Utopia Club in Innsbruck, Austria on October 25 & 26, 1989
Personnel
Mal Waldron — piano
Jim Pepper — tenor saxophone, soprano saxophone
Ed Schuller — bass
John Betsch — drums
References
1989 live albums
Mal Waldron albums
The 35th Massachusetts was an infantry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Service
The 35th Massachusetts was organized at Boston and Chelsea, Massachusetts, trained at Camp Stanton from August 1–22, 1862, and mustered in for three-year service on August 28, 1862 under the command of Colonel Edward A. Wild.
The regiment was attached to 2nd Brigade, 2nd Division, IX Corps, Army of the Potomac, to April 1863. Department of the Ohio to June 1863. Army of the Tennessee to August 1863, and Department of the Ohio to April 1864. 1st Brigade, 1st Division, IX Corps, Army of the Potomac, to May 1864. Acting Engineers, 1st Division, IX Corps, to July 1864. 1st Brigade, 1st Division, IX Corps, to September 1864. 1st Brigade, 2nd Division, IX Corps, to June 1865.
The 35th Massachusetts mustered out of service on June 9, 1865 and was discharged June 27, 1865.
Company I
The results of the Peninsular campaign revealed the necessity of replenishing the army. In early in July 1862, the President had called for 300,000 men for three years and assigned the quota of Massachusetts at 15,000 men. The quota of Dedham, Massachusetts was 69 and the Selectmen, through whom thenceforward all recruiting during the war was carried on, issued their call for that number. On July 21, the town voted to pay a bounty of $100 to each volunteer with aid to families. It also appropriated $6,900 for the bounties.
One of the largest and most impressive of the public meetings during the war was held July 10, before the legal town meeting. Men were there inspired by an earnest purpose to devote themselves to the country. After the preliminary discussion as to bounties, the roll was opened and then came a pause when it seemed doubtful if any would come forward. The first man to sign that roll was the father of Joseph Jordan, the private who had been killed at Gaines Mills. Another was a young man who had been recently graduated from at the University and was beginning his professional studies. A third announced his purpose in impressive and earnest words. He would later receive a severe wound in battle and then nearly a year's confinement in four rebel prisons. The quota was soon filled.
Uniting with men from Needham and Weston, the new recruits constituted Company I of the 35th Massachusetts Infantry Regiment. Without any opportunities for drill or organization, the regiment left the state on August 22, 1862 for the seat of war. On their arrival at Washington, they were immediately assigned to the defenses of the city in throwing up earthworks and doing picket duty.
Detailed service
Left Massachusetts for Washington, D.C., August 22.
Marched into Maryland September 6–12, 1862.
Battle of South Mountain, Md., September 14.
Battle of Antietam September 16–17.
Duty at Pleasant Valley until October 27.
Movement to Falmouth, Va., October 27-November 19.
Warrenton, Sulphur Springs, November 15.
Battle of Fredericksburg December 12–15.
"Mud March" January 20–24, 1863.
At Falmouth until February 19.
Moved to Newport News, Va., February 19, then to Covington, Ky., March 26–30.
Moved to Paris April 1, and to Mt. Sterling April 3.
To Lancaster May 6–7, then to Crab Orchard May 23, and to Stanford May 25.
Movement to Vicksburg, Miss., June 3–14.
Siege of Vicksburg June 14-July 4.
Advance on Jackson, Miss., July 5–10.
Siege of Jackson July 10–17.
At Milldale until August 6.
Moved to Cincinnati, Ohio, August 6–14.
At Covington, Ky., until August 18.
Marched to Nicholasville August 18–25, and to Crab Orchard September 9–11.
Marched over the Cumberland Mountains to Knoxville, Tenn., then to Lenoir Station October 2–29.
Knoxville Campaign November 4-December 23.
At Lenoir Station until November 14.
Campbell's Station November 16.
Siege of Knoxville November 17-December 4.
Pursuit of Longstreet December 5–19.
Operations in eastern Tennessee until March 20, 1864.
Movement to Annapolis, Md., March 20-April 7.
Rapidan Campaign May–June.
Battle of the Wilderness May 5–7.
Spotsylvania May 8–12.
Ny River May 10.
Spotsylvania Court House May 12–21.
Assault on the Salient May 12.
North Anna River May 23–26.
online of the Pamunkey May 26–28.
Totopotomoy May 28–31.
Cold Harbor June 1–12.
Bethesda Church June 1–3.
Before Petersburg June 16–18.
Siege of Petersburg June 16, 1864 to April 2, 1865.
Mine Explosion, Petersburg, July 30, 1864.
Weldon Railroad August 18–21.
Poplar Springs Church September 29-October 2.
Boydton Plank Road, Hatcher's Run, October 27–28.
Fort Stedman March 25, 1865.
Appomattox Campaign March 28-April 9.
Assault on and fall of Petersburg April 2.
Occupation of Petersburg April 3.
March to Farmville April 4–10.
Moved to City Point, then to Alexandria April 20–28.
Grand Review of the Armies May 23.
Casualties
The regiment lost a total of 249 men during service; 10 officers and 138 enlisted men killed or mortally wounded, 1 officer and 100 enlisted men died of disease.
Commanders
Colonel Edward A. Wild - promoted to brigadier general April 24, 1863
Colonel Sumner Carruth
Major Sidney Willard - commanded at the Battle of Fredericksburg where he was mortally wounded in action
Major Nathaniel Wales - commanded during the Knoxville Campaign
Captain Stephen H. Andrews - commanded at the Battle of Fredericksburg after Maj. Willard was mortally wounded in action
Captain Clifton A. Blanchard - commanded at the Battle of the Crater
Notable members
Sergeant Marcus M. Haskell, Company C - Medal of Honor recipient for action at the Battle of Antietam
Captain William Sterling King, Company K - future colonel and brevet brigadier general
Captain John Lathrop, Company I - associate justice of the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court, 1891-1906
See also
List of Massachusetts Civil War Units
Massachusetts in the American Civil War
Notes
References
Bartol, Cyrus A. The Nation's Hour: A Tribute to Major Sidney Willard, Delivered in the West Church, December 21, Forefathers' Day (Boston: Walker, Wise), 1862.
Dyer, Frederick H. A Compendium of the War of the Rebellion (Des Moines, IA: Dyer Pub. Co.), 1908.
History of the Thirty-Fifth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers, 1862-1865: With a Roster (Boston: Mills, Knight & Co.), 1884.
Lee, Amos William. '61 to '65: Recollections of the Civil War (New York: Evening Post Job Print. Office), 1913.
Locke, Calvin Stoughton. The Patriotic Volunteer: A Sermon Delivered, October 19, 1862, at the Funeral of George F. Whiting, Who Died at Middletown, Maryland, Oct. 5, from a Wound Received at the Battle of South Mountain, Sept. 14, 1862 (Boston: J. Wilson), 1862.
Moore, George F. From Your Loving Son: Civil War Correspondence and Diaries of Private George F. Moore and His Family (Bloomington, IN: iUniverse), 2011.
Park, John Cochran. A Memorial of Major Edward Granville Park of the 35th Massachusetts Volunteers (Boston: Press of J. Wilson and Son), 1865.
External links
35th Massachusetts Infantry monument at Antietam Battlefield
Military units and formations established in 1862
Military units and formations disestablished in 1865
Units and formations of the Union Army from Massachusetts
Schnappsville is an unincorporated community located in the town of Rietbrock, Marathon County, Wisconsin, United States.
Notes
Unincorporated communities in Marathon County, Wisconsin
Unincorporated communities in Wisconsin
Zhang Yu (; born 14 July 2001) is a Chinese footballer currently playing as a defender for Hebei China Fortune.
Club career
Zhang Yu was promoted to the senior team of Hebei China Fortune in the 2019 league season and was handed his debut in a league game by the Head coach Xie Feng on 27 November 2019 against Guangzhou Evergrande in a 3-1 defeat where he came on as a substitute for Wang Qiuming.
Career statistics
.
References
External links
Zhang Yu at Worldfootball.net
2001 births
Living people
Chinese footballers
China youth international footballers
Association football defenders
Chinese Super League players
Hebei F.C. players
Allison Amaechina Madueke (born 1944) is a retired Nigerian naval officer. He was Chief of Naval Staff from 1993 to 1994, military governor of Anambra State from January 1984 to August 1985, and Imo State military governor from 1985 to 1986.
Background
Allison Madueke was born in 1944 in Agbariji-Inyi, Oji River, Enugu State, and is of Igbo origin.
He attended the Britannia Royal College, Dartmouth England and the School of Maritime Operations, Southwick. He became a Member of the Royal Institute of Navigation, London (MRIN) and Member of the Nautical Institute, London (MNI).
He was later granted two honorary Doctorate degrees in Science from Enugu State University of Technology, and in Law from Abia State University. He was also granted an honorary Doctorate degree in Science from the University of Nigeria, Nsukka in 2010.
His second wife Diezani Alison-Madueke was the first female director of Shell Petroleum Development Company of Nigeria, later to become Nigeria's minister of transportation on July 26, 2007.
Naval career
Madueke studied at the Nigerian Defense Academy between 1964 and 1967.
He served at the Embassy of Nigeria as Naval Attache in Washington DC, USA.
After a military coup d'état overthrew civilian President Shehu Shagari on December 31, 1983, as Navy Captain he was appointed governor of Anambra State from January 1984 to August 1985, and then of Imo State until 1986 during the military regimes of Generals Muhammadu Buhari and Ibrahim Babangida.
Promoted to rear admiral, from 1993-1994 he served briefly as Chief of Naval Staff under General Sani Abacha.
He was sacked after a Supreme Military Council meeting in August 1994 where he supported the release of the elected civilian president Moshood Abiola, who had been imprisoned after the coup that brought Abacha to power.
Later career
After retiring from the navy, Madueke became Chairman of Radam Maritime Services Ltd., executive chairman of Interconnect Clearinghouse and Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the National ICT Merit Awards
He also was appointed to the boards of Regalia Nigeria Ltd, Excel E & P (Marginal Oil Fields) Ltd., Solid Rock Securities and Investments Ltd. and Image Consultants Ltd.
References
Living people
1944 births
Governors of Anambra State
Governors of Imo State
Nigerian Defence Academy alumni
People from Enugu State
Abia State University alumni
Igbo politicians
Chiefs of Naval Staff (Nigeria)
Takye is a village in Banmauk Township, Katha District, in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
References
External links
Maplandia World Gazetteer
Populated places in Katha District
Banmauk Township
St. John's Business and Enterprise College (Irish: Coláiste Gnó agus Fiontair Naomh Eoin, also known as St. John's, Dromore, or by its old title St. John's High School) is a Roman Catholic secondary school for boys and girls based in the village of Dromore, County Tyrone, Northern Ireland. It is in the Western Education and Library Board area.
As of September 2012, the school has an enrolment of 140 pupils.
History
The school opened as St. John's High School in September 1965 as a co-educational school for boys and girls aged 11 to 15 years old, which increased to 16 with the raising of the compulsory schooling age in 1973. The school was bombed by the UVF on 18 March 1973, causing extensive damage. Rebuilding was completed by September 1975.
In 2006, St. John's High School became St. John's Business and Enterprise College after having obtained specialist school status from the Department of Education The school was one of the first twelve in Northern Ireland to be designated with a specialist status, and the first specialising in Business & Enterprise.
Site
St. John's is situated on the top of a hill in Dromore just off the main A5 Omagh to Enniskillen road that goes through the village, with the local St. Davog's Catholic Church lying just across the road. Dromore village can be looked down upon from the front entrance of the school.
The school building was originally built as one complete unit prior to opening in the 1960s. In the 1990s two new blocks were completed, a technology-and-design block was opened in October 1994 and a science block, separate from the main building, was opened in September 1997. A new sports complex, the Dromore Sports Complex which is separate from the main building consisting of an indoor sports hall, a gym, meeting room and changing facilities was officially opened in January 2008. The Dromore Sports Complex serves a dual purpose, during school hours the facility is used by the college and localPrimary Schools in Dromore for timetabled Physical Education activities. Outside of these hours the complex facilities is open to members of the public and local groups.
Catchment area
St. John's initially served the Catholic parishes of Dromore and Kilskeery, which included the villages of Dromore, Trillick and Kilskeery, and later in the early 1970s added the parish of Donacavey and the village of Fintona to its catchment area. This area, all of which is rural, lies in the west of County Tyrone, south and west of Omagh, bordering County Fermanagh.
This remains the core catchment area of the school today however past and present pupils have come from other local villages and towns in both Tyrone and Fermanagh including Omagh, Irvinestown, Drumquin, Killyclogher, Seskinore, Beragh, Castlederg, Ederney and Tempo.
Education
St. John's teaches children aged between 11 and 16 (Year 8 to Year 12) and covers subject areas in Key Stages 3 and 4. Subjects taught include English, Mathematics, Science, History, Geography, Business Studies, French, Religious Studies, Music, Drama, Art, Technology and Design, Information Communication Technology, Home Economics, Physical Education, Motor Vehicle Studies and Careers.
Students in Years 11 and 12 follow courses in subject areas that lead towards GCSE qualifications. After these exams, where the final papers are taken at the end of the school year in May and June and students receive their results in August, students leave the school. The vast majority will continue their education by studying for a Post-16 qualification normally at a school or college in Omagh or Enniskillen. This normally includes A-Levels, Vocational A-Levels, National Diploma or NVQ which may involve work placement. Other students either get accepted into a local Apprenticeship or enter straight into the workforce.
In Summer 2007, 80% of Year 12 students received 5 or more GCSEs where grades between A* and C were obtained.
The school has for a number of years run a "School to Work" programme for students in Years 11 and 12. This is offered to students in Year 10, as part of choosing their optional subjects for GCSE study, and is subject to interview involving themselves and their parents or guardians. Students that follow this programme spend one day a week with a local employer which is monitored by South West College in Omagh.
Principals
The current principal is Miss Christine Doherty, a long-time Mathematics and ICT teacher at the school who succeeded Mr Adrian Taggart in 2007, having been an acting principal for a year prior. Other previous principals include Eugene McGrade, John McCusker and Hugh Colton (deceased).
Sport
Located in rural West Tyrone, where many students do not live in the immediate vicinity of Dromore and depart the school each day on buses, restricts most sports activity to that within breaks during school hours and during Physical Education lessons.
The main success for the school in sport has been in Gaelic football. The school has won numerous Tyrone Vocational Schools Gaelic football titles at under-14 and under-16 level and has won the Ulster Vocational Schools Arthurs Cup (under-16) in 1967, 1974 and most recently in 1999, along with the Ulster Vocational Schools McDevitt Cup (Under 14) in 1977. Several past students have also represented the Tyrone vocational schools' Gaelic football teams in winning Ulster and All-Ireland titles since the late 1960s.
The school has been an important nursery for local Gaelic football clubs in its catchment area, notably Dromore St. Dympna's, Fintona Pearses, Trillick St. Macartan's, Drumquin Wolfe Tones and Drumragh Sarsfields. A large amount of the Dromore squad that won the Tyrone Senior Football Championship for the first time, including captain Fabian O'Neill, were former students of St. John's.
In 2008, Ryan McMenamin and Colm McCullagh, both past students, were starting players of the Tyrone team that won the 2008 All-Ireland Senior Gaelic Football Championship defeating Kerry in the final at Croke Park while Conor O'Neill and Ronan McNabb were both members of the Tyrone team that won the 2008 All-Ireland Minor Gaelic Football Championship defeating Mayo after a replay in Longford with McNabb as team captain.
The school has also had success in ladies' Gaelic football with the winning of the Ulster Under 15 "B" Schools title in 1999 being its biggest success to date. Its most recent championship victory was winning the Tyrone Schools "C" Championship in 2006. Former students to have represented the Tyrone county team included Orla O'Neill, Sinéad McLaughlin, Mairéad McCann and Sonya Maguire. St. John's is also an active participant in school cross-country running competitions.
Motto
The motto of St. John's is "Love One Another", reflecting the Christian values of St. John's. This motto was to be found on a previous version of the school crest. However the modern version does not contain the motto.
Publications
The school has a newsletter called "Hilltop News" which is published several times a year, normally just before half-term and end-of-term breaks. The newsletter covers achievements made by members past and present of the student body and on news of general interest about St. John's.
Alumni
Ryan McMenamin – 3 time All-Ireland Senior Gaelic Football Championship winner with Tyrone, and 2005 Bank of Ireland GAA Football All-Star winner.
Colm McCullagh – 2 time All-Ireland Senior Gaelic Football Championship winner with Tyrone and former Irish League Footballer with Omagh Town F.C. and Newry City F.C.
References
External links
St. John's Business and Enterprise College Website
Catholic secondary schools in Northern Ireland
Secondary schools in County Tyrone
Educational institutions established in 1965
1965 establishments in Northern Ireland
Marysin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.
References
Marysin
Christopher G. Tompkins (born Muscle Shoals, Alabama) is an American songwriter based in Nashville. Since 2002 he has co-written songs for pop, rock, and country artists Jimmy Buffett, Blake Shelton, Keith Urban, Carrie Underwood, Jason Aldean, and Nickelback and has written charting singles for artists such as Kenny Chesney, Florida Georgia Line, and Tim McGraw.
Tompkins has won two Grammy Awards for Best Country Song, first for "Before He Cheats" sung by Carrie Underwood in 2007, and also for Underwood's 2012 song "Blown Away". Tompkins has written 16 number one hits, and he won Songwriter of the Year by the Alabama Music Hall of Fame in 2007.
Early life
Chris Tompkins was born and raised in Green Hill, Alabama and attended Rogers High School. As a teenager Tompkins started playing in a garage band with Jason Isbell.
Music career
2002–2009: First hits
Tompkins signed his first publishing deal at age 22, moving to Nashville, Tennessee. In 2004 Tompkins had his first top 20 hit on the Billboard charts, co-writing "Me and Emily" by Rachel Proctor. He started working with Big Loud Shirt Industries during the summer of 2006 as a songwriter.
He and songwriter Josh Kear wrote the multi-platinum seller "Before He Cheats", sung by Carrie Underwood and released in 2007. It was named 2007 Single of the Year by the Country Music Association. Tompkins won the 2007 MusicRow "Breakthrough Songwriter of the Year" award and was honored as the Alabama Music Hall of Fame songwriter of the year. The following year "Before He Cheats" won several categories at the 50th Grammy Awards, including Country Song of the Year. While at the awards Tompkins befriended Tom Higgenson of the indie rock group Plain White T's. They soon began to collaborate, and Tompkins has since co-written several songs on their albums, including "Welcome To Mystery" featured in the motion picture Almost Alice starring Johnny Depp.
2010–2012: Increased output
In 2010 he co-wrote the song "Ain't Back Yet" with Kenny Chesney. The song reached No. 2 on the country charts, and also appeared in Chesney's movie Summertime in 3-D. Also in 2010, He worked on a number of charting singles in 2011, including the Chris Young single "Voices." He co-wrote the duet "I Feel Like a Rockstar" in 2012, performed by Kenny Chesney and Tim McGraw and landed his first Jimmy Buffett cut "Bama Breeze".
He collaborated with Underwood once again on her 2012 album Blown Away, notably on the second single of the same name. The single was co-written with his frequent collaborator Josh Kear, and as noted by interviewer Kurt Wolff, "the melody and overall sound of the song also stand out as something fresh and very different." Tompkins explained to Wolff that "Blown Away" was an "attempt at 'melodic pop' that was 'unique' yet still 'country.'" Tompkins also commented that "Blown Away" is "It's a completely different type of song for Carrie. She's got a lot of pop elements, and I listen to a lot of pop, but I listen to everything from Randy Newman to Mozart to Rihanna to Steely Dan. I think all that stuff shows up in my music, and I think it showed up in 'Blown Away.'" The single peaked at No. 2 on Billboard's Hot Country Songs chart and No. 1 on Billboard's Country Airplay chart and won a Grammy Award for Best Country Song in 2013.
2013–2017: Recent Projects
In 2013, Tompkins pinned five songs including the number one hits "Round Here" and "Get Your Shine On" on Florida Georgia Line's debut album Here's to Good Times. Following the album's massive success, Tompkins collaborated again with Florida Georgia Line on number one hits like "Dirt" and "Anything Goes", contributing a total of eleven cuts to the band.
Released in April 2014, He also co-wrote the song "Drunk on a Plane", recorded by Dierks Bentley which peaked in the top 3 on Billboard's Hot Country Songs and number one on the Country Airplay chart. The song later went on to be certified 3x Platinum by the RIAA.
Awards and nominations
Discography
References
External links
Chris Tompkins at Big Loud Shirt
American country singer-songwriters
Singer-songwriters from Tennessee
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
People from Muscle Shoals, Alabama
Country musicians from Tennessee
Country musicians from Alabama
Singer-songwriters from Alabama
Kıbrıs Postası (Turkish for The Cyprus Post) is a daily newspaper in Northern Cyprus owned by Citypress Yayıncılık Ltd. It has been published since 22 November 2001 and has the largest online readership of any Turkish Cypriot newspaper.
See also
List of newspapers in Cyprus
List of newspapers in Northern Cyprus
Publications established in 2001
Newspapers published in Cyprus
Newspapers published in Northern Cyprus
Matt Mark Wotherspoon (born October 6, 1991) is an American professional baseball pitcher who is a free agent. He has played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Baltimore Orioles.
Career
Amateur
Wotherspoon graduated from Crestwood High School in Mountain Top, Pennsylvania. He attended the University of Pittsburgh, where he played college baseball for the Pittsburgh Panthers.
New York Yankees
The New York Yankees selected Wotherspoon in the 34th round of the 2014 MLB draft. He signed and spent 2014 with the Staten Island Yankees where he had a 2–3 win-loss record with a 1.97 earned run average (ERA) in 32 innings pitched in relief. In 2015, Wotherspoon pitched for the Charleston RiverDogs, the Tampa Yankees, and the Trenton Thunder pitching to a 5–4 record and 4.05 ERA in 23 games, with 17 games started. In 2016, he played for Trenton and the Scranton/Wilkes-Barre RailRiders, compiling a 6–2 record, 2.50 ERA, and 1.11 WHIP in 36 games. He began 2017 with Trenton and was later promoted back to Scranton/Wilkes-Barre.
Baltimore Orioles
The Yankees traded Wotherspoon to the Orioles on July 2, 2017, for international signing bonus money. The Orioles assigned him to the Norfolk Tides and he finished the season there. In relief innings between Trenton, Scranton/Wilkes-Barre, and Norfolk, he was 6–2 with a 2.00 ERA and 79 strikeouts. He pitched in 39 games for Norfolk in 2018, with 12 games started, and finished the season with a 4.60 ERA.
2019
The Orioles promoted Wotherspoon to the major leagues on April 3, 2019. He made his debut that afternoon, allowing three earned runs in two innings of relief, and was optioned back to Norfolk after the game. On April 6, 2019, Wotherspoon was outrighted off the roster to Triple-A. The Orioles selected his contract on June 22. On July 2, he was designated for assignment. On August 19, Baltimore released Wotherspoon.
Detroit Tigers
On August 23, 2019, the Detroit Tigers signed Wotherspoon to a minor league contract and assigned him to Triple-A Toledo Mud Hens. Wotherspoon became a minor league free agent on November 7, 2019.
Personal life
After the 2015 season, Wotherspoon worked to complete his undergraduate degree at Wilkes University.
References
External links
Living people
1991 births
People from Luzerne County, Pennsylvania
Baseball players from Pennsylvania
Major League Baseball pitchers
Baltimore Orioles players
Pittsburgh Panthers baseball players
Staten Island Yankees players
Charleston RiverDogs players
Tampa Yankees players
Toledo Mud Hens players
Trenton Thunder players
Scranton/Wilkes-Barre RailRiders players
Norfolk Tides players
The Red Deer River is a river in the Canadian provinces of Saskatchewan and Manitoba. It has its source at Nut Lake in east central Saskatchewan and from there, it flows east towards Manitoba where it empties into Dawson Bay of Lake Winnipegosis. To the north of Red Deer's basin is the Saskatchewan River, to the south-west is the upper Assiniboine River, and to the south-east is Swan River.
Course
The Red Deer River begins at the north end of Nut Lake (52°22′0″N, 103°42′2″W) near Highway 349 and west of Porcupine Hills in east central Saskatchewan. From Nut Lake, it heads north past Greenwater Lake Provincial Park towards Pré-Ste-Marié. From there, near the junctions of Highways 679 and 773, it turns east towards the town of Hudson Bay and the Hudson Bay Regional Park, which is the site of a former North West Company fort named Fort Red Deer River. From Hudson Bay, it continues eastward and is the divide between the Pasquia Hills to the north and the Porcupine Hills to the south. It also passes through provincial forests such as Porcupine and Pasquia. From the forests and hills, it continues eastward into Manitoba where 13 kilomters past the border, it opens up into Red Deer Lake. The river continues from the east side of Red Deer Lake for about 16 kilometres until it empties into Dawson Bay of Lake Winnipegosis. Near the point where it empties into Dawson Bay, it crosses Highway 10, which is part of the Northern Woods and Water Route. That is also the location of Red Deer River Provincial Park.
In 1757, a Hudson Bay Company fur trading post was established alongside the Red Deer River near the village of Erwood. In 1790, the North West Trading Company set up a trading post at the mouth of the Etomami River called Fort Red Deer River. On the river bank opposite the mouth of the Etomami River, there are the remains of another fort that is believed to be that of the American Fur Company.
Tributaries
The source of the Red Deer River is Nut Lake, of which several creeks and rivers flow into, including Pipestone Creek and Prairie Butte Creek. As the river flows eastward, it is joined by several rivers and creeks. Much of the Pasquia and Procupine Hills fall within the river's watershed.
Red Deer River tributaries from upstream to downstream, not counting ones flowing into either Nut or Red Deer Lakes:
Barrier River
Slough Creek
Greenwater Creek
Horsehide Creek
Bannock Creek
Prairie River
Valley Creek
Salas Creek
Greenbush River
Jumper Creek
Fir River
Nonsuch Creek
Etomami River
Piwei River
Shand Creek
Pepaw River
Boundary Creek
Bubbling Creek
Willow Creek
Smoking Tent Creek
Lost River
Rice River
Little Rice River
Baden Creek
Sucker Creek
Fish species
Several types of fish live in the river, including freshwater drum, brown bullhead, common carp, goldeye, northern pike, and brown trout.
See also
List of rivers of Manitoba
List of rivers of Saskatchewan
Hudson Bay drainage basin
References
Rivers of Manitoba
Rivers of Saskatchewan
Tributaries of Hudson Bay
Robert "Bob" Marriott was a British boxer. Twice an amateur champion of England, in his professional career he was British and European lightweight champion between 1919 and 1920.
Career
From Bermondsey, London, Marriott served as Private in the British Army during World War I and was an amateur champion of England at lightweight in 1912 and 1914 (and runner-up to F. Grace in 1913) before turning professional.
He made his professional début on 12 November 1917 against Ben Callicott at the National Sporting Club, taking a 15-round points decision. In February 1919 he beat Ted Moore, with Moore disqualified in the sixth round for holding.
In April 1919 he fought Raymond Vittet for the vacant European lightweight title, winning after Vittet was disqualified in the third round. Two months later he beat Johnny Summers to take the British lightweight title vacated by Freddie Welsh, again via the disqualification of his opponent, Summers adjudged to have been holding.
Marriott was due to defend his British title against Llew Edwards in May 1920 but declined the fight and reportedly returned his Lonsdale Belt to the National Sporting Club.
He defended his European title in May 1920, losing to Georges Papin on points in Paris, the fight having been postponed from January due to a leg injury to Marriott.
In February 1921 Marriott retired from boxing, relinquishing his British title, with business interests meaning that he could no longer commit to his boxing career.
Known professional fights
12 November 1917 v. Ben Callicott at the National Sporting Club - W (15) - PTS
13 May 1918 v. Ted Leister at the National Sporting Club - L 8 (15)
20 January 1919 v. Fred Blakeborough at the National Sporting Club - W 11 (15) - RETD
17 February 1919 v. Ted Moore at Hoxton Baths - W 6 (?) - DQ (holding)
10 March 1919 v. Joe Starmer at the National Sporting Club - W - PTS
10 April 1919 v. Raymond Vittet at Holborn Stadium - W 3 (15) - DQ - won vacant European Lightweight title
23 June 1919 v. Johnny Summers at the National Sporting Club - W 10 (20) - DQ (holding) - won vacant British lightweight title
17 May 1920 v. Georges Papin in Paris - L (20) - PTS - lost European lightweight title
References
External links
Career record at boxrec.com
Date of birth unknown
Date of death unknown
English male boxers
Lightweight boxers
Boxers from Greater London
People from Bermondsey
Kepoi or Cepoi (Ancient Greek: Κῆποι, Russian: Кепы) was an ancient Greek colony situated on the Taman peninsula, three kilometres to the east of Phanagoria, in the present-day Krasnodar Krai of Russia. The colony was established by the Milesians in the 6th century BC. In the Hellenistic period, it was controlled by the kings of the Cimmerian Bosporus, who (according to Aeschines) made a present of a place called "the Gardens" to Gylon, the grandfather of Demosthenes. The town reached its peak in the 1st centuries AD, but the Huns and Goths put an end to its prosperity in the 4th century. Soviet excavations, started in 1957, yielded rich finds, including a marble statue of a Greek goddess ("Aphrodite of Taman"). More than 400 burials were explored at Kepoi in the 1960s and 1970s; the rest of the site has been submerged by the Sea of Azov.
See also
List of ancient Greek cities
References
Сокольский Н. И., Кепы, в сб.: Античный город (Moscow, 1963).
Milesian Pontic colonies
Bosporan Kingdom
Populated places established in the 6th century BC
Former populated places in Russia
This article provides details of international football games played by the Denmark women's national football team from 2010 to 2019.
Results
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
Head-to-head records
2015—2019 statistics.
FIFA Top 20
2015—2019 statistics. The statistics include any team that has placed in the FIFA top 20 ranking, from 19 December 2014 to 13 December 2019.
Notes
References
Denmark women's national football team
2010s in Danish sport
2010s in Danish women's sport
Owen Tudor (1938–1966) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a career that lasted from 1940 to 1942 he ran twelve times and won six races. His most important win came as a three-year-old in the summer of 1941 when he won the “New Derby” at Newmarket. During the Second World War many British racecourses were closed either for safety reasons or because the land was needed for military use. Epsom Downs Racecourse was used throughout the war for an anti-aircraft battery, leading to the creation of a substitute or “New” version of the race. Owen Tudor went on to win a substitute “Ascot Gold Cup” at Newmarket in 1942. At the end of that season he was retired to stud where he had considerable success as a sire of winners.
Background
Owen Tudor was bred by his owner, Catherine Macdonald-Buchanan, who had inherited considerable racing and breeding interests when her father, Lord Woolavington, died in 1935. The bay colt was sired by Hyperion out of the French-bred mare Mary Tudor II. Hyperion was an outstanding racehorse who won The Derby and the St Leger in 1933. He went on to become a successful and influential stallion, being Leading sire in Great Britain and Ireland on six occasions. Mary Tudor II, who produced five winners apart from Owen Tudor, had won the Poule d'Essai des Pouliches and finished second in the Prix de Diane in 1934.
Owen Tudor was sent into training with Fred Darling at Beckhampton, Wiltshire and became his trainer's seventh and last Derby winner.
Racing career
1940: two-year-old season
Owen Tudor began his racing career by winning the Salisbury Stakes Salisbury. In his two other races he was sent to Newmarket where he finished unplaced in the Criterion Stakes and second in the Boscawen Stakes. In the Free Handicap, a ranking of the year's best two-year-olds, Owen Tudor was rated eighth behind Poise, who as a gelding was ineligible for the Classics.
1941: three-year-old season
Owen Tudor began his three-year-old campaign with an impressive win in the Column Produce Stakes. He then started favourite for the 2000 Guineas but finished fifth of the nineteen runners behind Lambert Simnel. Another disappointment followed when he was well beaten in a race at Salisbury. As a result, he was not considered among the leading contenders for the New Derby, especially after a poor performance in a public exercise gallop on 5 June. One of those who kept faith in Owen Tudor was the Champion Jockey Gordon Richards who insisted that the colt would have been his Derby choice had he not been prevented from riding by injury.
Fred Darling saddled five runners of the twenty runners for the New Derby on 18 June, with Owen Tudor being one of the least fancied at 25/1. The ride on Owen Tudor went to the experienced northern jockey William “Billy” Nevett, who was given leave from serving as a Private in the Royal Army Ordnance Corps to take the mount. Although the crowds could not compare with those at Epsom, an estimated 50,000 were in attendance, and the facilities at Newmarket were inadequate for the numbers, resulting in many spectators spending the night in the open. The size of the gathering also provoked security concerns, leading the Royal Air Force to fly almost constant patrol missions in the area. Two furlongs from the finish, the race was wide open, with the horses spread across the wide Newmarket straight. Owen Tudor took the lead soon afterwards and pulled ahead to win, beating his more fancied stable companion Morogoro by one and a half lengths.
Owen Tudor was then given a planned break of two months before returning in August, when he finished fourth to Sun Castle in a race at Newbury. He then disappointed again in the "New St Leger", run at Manchester Racecourse as Doncaster was unavailable, finishing unplaced behind Sun Castle and Chateau Larose. In October the colt came back to form to beat Chateau Larose over fourteen furlongs in the “Newmarket St Leger” (not an official substitute race).
1942: four-year-old season
Owen Tudor stayed in training at four and began by winning the ten furlong Trial Plate at Salisbury, ridden by Gordon Richards. In July he returned to Salisbury but finished sixth of the seven runners behind Mazarin in the Quidhampton Plate over one and a half miles. On his final start, Owen Tudor ran in the Newmarket Gold Cup a substitute for the Ascot Gold Cup run over two and a quarter mile. Starting the 5/2 favourite he took the lead at half way and won the race easily from the filly Afterthought with Lovely Trim third. He was then retired to stud.
Assessment
In their book A Century of Champions, John Randall and Tony Morris rated Owen Tudor the sixtieth best British horse of the 20th Century and the second best Derby winner of the 1940s.
The official British Handicapper rated Owen Tudor the best three-year-old of 1941, three pounds ahead of Sun Castle.
Stud career
Owen Tudor was never Champion sire but had a highly successful stud career. Although he had shown his best form in long distance races he sired outstanding performers with a range of aptitudes including the sprinter Abernant, the miler Tudor Minstrel and the middle distance performers Tudor Era and Right Royal. Owen Tudor was retired from stud duties in 1960 and died in 1966 at the age of twenty-eight.
Pedigree
References
1938 racehorse births
1966 racehorse deaths
Racehorses bred in the United Kingdom
Racehorses trained in the United Kingdom
Epsom Derby winners
Thoroughbred family 10-b
Tomintoul (; from , meaning "Hillock of the Barn") is a village in the Moray council area of Scotland in the historic county of Banffshire.
Within Cairngorms National Park, the village lies close to the banks of the River Avon and is said by some to be the highest village in the Scottish Highlands, although at it is still much lower than the highest village in Scotland (Wanlockhead, in Dumfries and Galloway at 466m). By 1841, the parish reached a population of 1,722. In 1951, this had fallen to just 531. The 2011 census indicated a village population of 716 people. The village is historically part of the Parish of Kirmichael.
The 2004 film One Last Chance, starring Kevin McKidd and Dougray Scott, was filmed in the village and the areas around it.
The village is on the famed Whisky Trail, which also includes Dufftown, Keith, Tomnavoulin, and Marypark. The surrounding countryside forms the Glenlivet Estate.
Tomintoul Golf Club (now defunct) was founded in 1897. The club and course disappeared at the time of World War II.
History
The village was laid out on a grid pattern by Alexander Gordon, 4th Duke of Gordon in 1775. It followed the construction, twenty years previously, of a military road by William Caulfeild – now the A939. The duke's motivation for his efforts was the hope that a permanent settlement would minimize cattle theft and illegal distilling of spirits in the area. Estimates suggest that in the early 1700s there had been up to 200 illicit stills in the Livet glen, with spirits smuggled out over the Ladder hills.
In this "model village", he encouraged the production of linen but this plan was not successful; the locals stuck to subsistence agriculture, growing vegetables and raising cattle. A report in 1797 indicated that there were 37 families in the village "without any industry. All of them sell whisky and all of them drink it". In 1820, some 14,000 illegal stills were confiscated annually in the Livet glen area. The 1823 Excise Act allowed for making whisky under licence and some took advantage in order to make a legal profit. One of the first to do so was George Smith who started a distillery on his farm in the nearby village of Minmore. That small operation, founded in 1824, eventually grew to become The Glenlivet distillery in Upper Drumin (14 km from Tomintoul) which produces The Glenlivet single malt whisky, known around the world.
In the Victorian era, the village was receiving some tourism; in 1860, there were three inns here. An 1857 Commercial Gazetteer described the community as a mean-looking village on a bleak moor with superstitious residents. The 1882-4 Frances Groome's Ordnance Gazetteer for Scotland also did not depict Tomintoul as a prosperous village:"Consisting of a central square and a single street, running ¾ mile north-north-westward, it is described by the Queen, under date 5 Sept. 1860, as 'the most tumble-down, poor-looking place I ever saw-a long street with three inns, miserable dirty-looking houses and people, and a sad look of wretchedness about it'. ... Tomintoul has a post office with money order, savings' bank, and telegraph departments, a public and a Roman Catholic school, cattle fairs ... and hiring fairs ..."
Both churches, built prior to 1840, remain open in the village, Tomintoul Church and St Michael's. According to the above source, the population was as follows: 530 in 1839 and 686 by 1881.
Regeneration efforts
Queen Victoria's visit in 1860 helped boost tourism which still remains the primary economic activity. Marketing initiatives in the area today include SnowRoads and North East 250 scenic routes. Still billed as "the highest village in the Highlands", with a town square and Victorian buildings, Tomintoul offers tourists options such as snowsports in winter. Areas of interest in the vicinity include Glenlivet Estate (fishing as well as walking, cycling and horseback riding trails), north eastern Cairngorms and the (Speyside) Scotland's Malt Whisky Trail. The village also has a museum, the Tomintoul & Glenlivet Discovery Centre.
The primary retailers for tourists include the Tomintoul Gallery that sells work created by local artists, the A'anside Studios that sell arts and crafts and the Whisky Castle, which offers hundreds of single malts. The Castle has operated for over a century and offers whisky from every major distillery as well as some rare products from distilleries no longer in operation. The Tomintoul Distillery, in nearby Ballindalloch provides some employment; the company has been making whisky here for many decades. There is no visitor centre but some visits are allowed, by prior appointment.
The two main hotels in the village had closed by 2010, however. In an attempt to improve the economy, the area created the Regeneration Strategy and Action Plan in 2011, which led to the establishment of the Tomintoul and Glenlivet Development Trust in 2012. The group has taken several steps to "develop, inspire and embrace a vibrant future for the Tomintoul and Glenlivet area", seeking investment and promoting the area's visitor attractions. The regeneration effort obtained funding of approximately £3.5 million to be used for projects that would benefit the "cultural and natural landscape" of the area.
As of 2019, the village offers many small accommodation facilities (The Smugglers hostel, B&Bs and holiday cottages) as well as three larger hotels (Hotel Square, The Glenavon and the Richmond Arms). Hotel Square has a "highly recommended" restaurant using local seasonal produce. The regional whisky offerings and craft beer can be sampled in the Hotel's pub. The village also made the Glenlivet Walking Festival an annual event as suggested by the 2012 Regeneration Strategy and Action Plan. In addition to tourism and the nearby whisky industry, sheep and beef cattle are raised on farms around the village.
Notable People
The artist and writer Mary Barnes died there in 2001 after living there for some time.
The immunologist Prof Kenneth Boyd Fraser FRSE retired to Tomintoul and died there.
Lynn Cassells and Sandra Baer farm the nearby Lynbreck Croft.
The author Captain W. E. Johns lived in the Richmond Hotel at Tomintoul from 1944 to 1947, before renting Pitchroy Lodge on the nearby Ballindalloch Estate from 1947 to 1953.
Percy Toplis - The "Monocled Mutineer"
Percy Toplis took refuge in the area in 1920 before being discovered by a local farmer. He made his escape, shooting and wounding the farmer and a police constable while doing so. Within a week, he was shot dead by police in England.
Lord Tony Williams
In the 1990s an individual, styled by the media as Lord Tony Williams, spent £1 million on improving the Gordon Arms Hotel (now Hotel Square) and invested money in other businesses. He was later shown to be a fraud who had stolen £4.5 million from his former employer, the Metropolitan Police and was sentenced to seven years in prison.
Grigor Willox
Grigor Willox was a reputed white witch who lived in Tomintoul in the 18th century. He was said to derive his powers from two amulets: a brass hook from a kelpie's bridle and a mermaid's crystal. Among his alleged powers were making cows produce milk, curing barren women, and detecting thieves.
"Mrs MacKay"
The late Terry Wogan helped bring the A939 road from Tomintoul to Cockbridge to national attention, along with local, fictional postmistress "Mrs MacKay". As reported in the Scottish daily newspaper The National: In 1999, after he criticised the council for never being prepared for the snow, locals wrote in to say it was not the local authority that cleared the snow, but rather Mrs MacKay, the silver-haired postmistress and her silver-handled shovel. She was doing the best she could, they insisted. For the next decade listeners would phone in with sightings of the near mythical Mrs MacKay shovelling snow. Sometimes, they said, she would be out shovelling snow as early as June.
References
External links
Visit Tomintoul
2001 Census data
Glenlivet and the Cairngorms
Tomintoul and Cairngorms National Park Info and Accommodation, Hotels, B&Bs, Self-catering, Camping and Hostels
Villages in Moray
Allstate Arena is a multi-purpose arena in Rosemont, Illinois, United States. It is located near the intersection of Mannheim Road and Interstate 90, adjacent to the city limits of Chicago and O'Hare International Airport. The facility opened in 1980 as the Rosemont Horizon and seats 17,500 for basketball and 16,692 for ice hockey.
The arena is home to the Chicago Wolves of the American Hockey League (AHL) and has served as the home arena for a number of other professional and collegiate teams, most notably the DePaul Blue Demons from 1980 through 2017.
History
The Village of Rosemont issued $19 million in bonds to finance the cost of the arena with exclusive contracts with Araserv, the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus, and MFG International.
On August 13, 1979, the uncompleted roof of the Rosemont Horizon collapsed, killing five construction workers and injuring 16 others. The collapse was featured in the "Engineering Disasters" episode of Modern Marvels, first broadcast by The History Channel on April 20, 2006.
One distinctive feature of the Allstate Arena is its timber roof, designed to muffle the sounds of any passing aircraft descending into and taking off from O'Hare International Airport.
The facility, originally named Rosemont Horizon, was intended to be the home of the Chicago Horizons of the Major Indoor Soccer League (MISL) and was home of the 1980–1981 season but the franchise folded in 1982. It was also intended to be the home of the WHA's Chicago Cougars, but the team folded in 1975, three years before the arena broke ground. The first concert held at the Horizon was Fleetwood Mac on May 15, 1980, as they cut a red ribbon on the stage during the opening of the show.
The Rosemont Horizon was featured in many music videos, including the 1985 music video "Big City Nights" by Scorpions.
Insurance company Allstate signed a 10-year contract worth more than $10 million on June 9, 1999, to acquire naming rights to the arena and renovate it.
On December 29, 2002, Creed gave a concert at the arena with lead singer Scott Stapp high and drunk. After barely performing and mumbling incoherently through the first songs, he fell asleep onstage for a few minutes and the show ended early. This performance led four concertgoers to sue the band for over $2 million, and contributed to Creed's breakup.
On December 14, 2003, the floor at the Allstate Arena was named "Ray and Marge Meyer Court" in honor of Basketball Hall of Famer Ray Meyer and his wife. Meyer coached DePaul's men's team for 42 seasons and is the school's all-time winningest coach.
Events
Sports
Allstate Arena was the home of DePaul University men's basketball team until the end of the 2016–17 season. The Blue Demons previously played on campus at Alumni Hall. That gym has since been replaced with McGrath-Phillips Arena, home to the women's basketball program through that team's 2016–17 season. The building hosted the NCAA basketball tournament three times: the 1987 and 1993 Midwest Regional first and second-round games, and the 2005 Chicago Regional Finals.
The Arena Football League also has a long history with Allstate Arena. The Horizon hosted an arena football test game in 1987 and the Chicago Bruisers were an original Arena Football League team when the league began in 1987. The Bruisers played from 1987 to 1989, and hosted ArenaBowl II in Rosemont, losing to the Detroit Drive, 24–13. In 2001, Arena Football returned to the arena with the Chicago Rush. The Rush increased its home attendance each year from 2001 to 2008, and from 2004 to 2008 averaged between 14,000 and 16,000 fans per game. The Rush's highest home attendance is 16,391 on June 23, 2007, against the Kansas City Brigade. After the AFL restructured in 2009, the Rush returned to the Arena Football League.
On October 25, 2008, the Allstate Arena hosted UFC 90, the first Ultimate Fighting Championship event in the state of Illinois.
The Professional Bull Riders brought their Built Ford Tough Series tour for events in 2006 and 2008. As of 2018, the tour has held the Chicago Invitational event here every year since 2010. PBR plans to continue this event in Chicago in 2019.
The arena is where the monster truck racing track style known as "Chicago-style" was created.
The Chicago Sky of the WNBA announced on August 17, 2009, that the team reached a multi-year lease with the arena.
In 1989, Loyola Ramblers men's basketball became tenants of the arena, moving from the International Amphitheatre. The team played its home games at the Rosemont Horizon during their 1989–90, 1990–91, 1991–92, 1992–93, and 1993–94 seasons before moving to a renovated Alumni Gym on their campus.
During the 2012-13 NHL lockout, Allstate Arena was the site of the Champs for Charity Hockey Game where current and former Chicago Blackhawks hosted fellow NHLers in front of 10,000+ fans.
DePaul left the arena after the 2016–17 season for the new Wintrust Arena in Chicago, leaving the arena without a permanent college basketball tenant, although Northwestern University moved its men's home basketball games to the arena temporarily for the 2017–18 season before returning to its on-campus home at Welsh–Ryan Arena in Evanston, after a full-academic-year renovation of that facility.
Championships and playoffs
AFL ArenaBowl II
AHL Calder Cup
Qualifier (Western Conference): 2002
Western Conference Quarterfinals : 2002, 2003 West Division Semifinals 2004, 2005, 2007, 2008, 2010 Western Conference Quarterfinals: 2012, 2014, 2015
Western Conference Semifinals: 2002, 2003 West Division Finals: 2004, 2005, 2007, 2008, 2010 Western Conference Semifinals: 2014
Western Conference Finals: 2002, 2005, 2007, 2008
Calder Cup Finals: 2002, 2005, 2008, 2019, 2022
IHL Turner Cup
1/8 Finals: 1994–95, 1995–96, 1996–97, 1997–98
Quarterfinals: 1995–96 Western Conference Quarterfinals: 1997–98, 1998–99, 1999–2000, 2000–01
Semifinals (Western Conference): 1999–2000, 2000–01
Turner Cup Finals: 1999–2000, 2000–01
WNBA Playoffs
WNBA Eastern Conference Semifinals: 2013, 2014, 2015 WNBA Playoffs Second Round: 2016
WNBA Eastern Conference Finals: 2013, 2014 WNBA Semifinals: 2016
Professional wrestling
The Allstate Arena is also the standard venue for WWE professional wrestling events in Chicago. It is one of two venues (the other being Madison Square Garden) to host WrestleMania three times: namely the second segment of WrestleMania 2 in 1986, WrestleMania 13 in 1997, and WrestleMania 22 in 2006. WrestleMania 22 is also notable for being the last WrestleMania to date to be held in a smaller arena. Due to the event's rapid growth in popularity, from WrestleMania 23 at Detroit's Ford Field, the annual PPV has been held in large venues such as football stadiums.
The venue has also hosted The Wrestling Classic in 1985, two editions of Survivor Series (1989 and 2019), No Mercy 2007, Night of Champions 2010, Hell in a Cell 2022, two editions of Judgment Day (1998 and 2009), two editions of Extreme Rules (2012 and 2015), two editions of Backlash (2001 and 2017), two editions of Money in the Bank (2011 and 2018), three editions of Payback (2013, 2014 and 2016) and all three editions of NXT TakeOver: Chicago (2017, 2018 and 2019).
When it was called Rosemont Horizon, the arena hosted American Wrestling Association events in the Chicago area during the 1980s, replacing the International Amphitheatre. It also hosted WCW's Spring Stampede 1994. During the mid-1990s, Rosemont Horizon was the standard venue when WCW visited in Chicago; having replaced the UIC Pavilion, it was eventually dropped in favor of the United Center.
Concerts
The arena has been the site of many concerts, including acts such as Scorpions, AC/DC, Metallica, Andrea Bocelli, Green Day, My Chemical Romance, Marilyn Manson,Nine-Inch Nails, Ricky Martin, Lorde, Foo Fighters, and Justin Bieber.
Gabriel Iglesias' Netflix special, "I'm Sorry for What I Said When I Was Hungry", was filmed at the arena in 2016.
Reagan-Bush rally
On November 4, 1984, Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush held a campaign rally in the Horizon, two days before the 1984 presidential election.
References
External links
Official Website
DePaul Athletics - Allstate Arena(web archive)
Allstate
American Basketball Association (2000–present) venues
Arena football venues
Basketball venues in Illinois
Chicago Sky venues
Chicago Sting sports facilities
Chicago Wolves
Defunct college basketball venues in the United States
DePaul Blue Demons basketball venues
Event venues established in 1980
Indoor arenas in Illinois
Indoor ice hockey venues in Illinois
Indoor soccer venues in Illinois
Mixed martial arts venues in Illinois
Motorsport venues in Illinois
Music venues in Rosemont, Illinois
North American Soccer League (1968–1984) indoor venues
Rosemont, Illinois
Sports venues completed in 1980
Sports venues in Cook County, Illinois
World Hockey Association venues
Wrestling venues in Illinois
1980 establishments in Illinois
Loyola Ramblers basketball
The Sofia Valley (, or Софийско поле, Sofiysko pole, lit. "Sofia Field") is a valley in central western Bulgaria bordering Stara Planina to the northeast, the Viskyar, Lyulin, Vitosha and Lozen mountains to the southwest, the Vakarel Mountain to the southeast and the low Slivnitsa Heights to the northwest.
After the valley's bottom was formed, the stream of the Iskar River was blocked and the whole valley became a lake, causing the gritty and clay-like soils that now cover most of the valley. The lake ceased to exist when the river drove through the Stara Planina, forming the Iskar Gorge.
The Sofia Valley is rich in mineral springs such as Gorna Banya, Pancharevo and Bankya, which are, together with the valley's predisposal to seismic activity, the result of its fault character.
References
Valleys of Bulgaria
Landforms of Sofia City Province
Landforms of Sofia Province
Valleys of Europe
This is a timeline of the Insurgency in Northeast India, an ongoing armed conflict between the separatist rebels and the Indian government.
Timeline of the conflict
2010s
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
November 2014
At least 50 people were killed and 80 injured after an attack by tribal guerrillas. The strike was in response to an offensive by India against the guerrillas.
2015
AFSPA was abolished in the state of Tripura, owing to the relatively peaceful situation there
August-The NSCN(IM) and NSCN(K) insurgent groups of Nagaland signed a peace accord with the Indian government. Prime Minister Narenda Modi called the agreement "historic".
2016
2017
12 December –
Two people (A father and son) were shot dead by ULFA militants.
An encounter between the security forces and members of the Garo National Liberation Army were reported near the village of Nangalbibra, in South Garo Hills district. No casualties were reported in both sides, and the officers claim the presence of the rebels was for the establishment as a centre to extort money from coal quarries and trucks.
14 December – A militant were killed in an encounter between militants of NDFB and security forces.
2018
AFSPA was abolished in Meghalaya.
18 February – Four persons, including the NCP candidate Jonathone Nengminza Sangma, were killed and three others injured in an improvised explosive device blast in Meghalaya's East Garo Hills district, India.
5 March – A rifleman of 13 Sikh Light Infantry was killed in an encounter with the National Socialist Council of Nagaland at Khoupum area in Manipur's Noney district.
4 May – A police officer and a terrorist died in a shooting and grenade attack in Tinsukia district in the Indian state of Assam.
9 May – Two members of the Border Security Force were killed and three civilians injured in a bomb explosion outside a BSF camp in the Imphal East district of Manipur.
5 June – The Assam Rifles outpost at Lampong Sheanghah village in the Mon district of the Indian state of Nagaland was attacked by militants, leaving three security personnel injured.
17 June – Four Assam Rifles personnel were killed in an ambush by militants of the National Socialist Council of Nagaland in Nagaland's Mon district, near the Indian-Myanmar border. Six other soldiers were injured in the incident, two of them seriously.
References
Conflicts in 2015
Insurgency in Northeast India
Lists of armed conflicts in the 21st century
is a Japanese politician of the Democratic Party of Japan, a member of the House of Councillors in the Diet (national legislature).
Overview
A native of Nabari, Mie and graduate of Kogakkan University, he was elected to the House of Councillors for the first time in 2004 after serving the assembly of Mie Prefecture for three terms.
References
External links
Official website in Japanese.
Members of the House of Councillors (Japan)
Living people
1950 births
Democratic Party of Japan politicians
Cryptocellus is an arachnid genus in the order Ricinulei, first described by John Westwood in 1874.
Species
it contains thirty-seven species:
Cryptocellus abaporu Bonaldo & Pinto-da-Rocha, 2003 — Brazil
Cryptocellus adisi Platnick, 1988 — Brazil
Cryptocellus albosquamatus Cooke, 1967 — Guyana
Cryptocellus becki Platnick & Shadab, 1977 — Brazil
Cryptocellus bocas Platnick & Shadab, 1981 — Panama
Cryptocellus bordoni (Dumitresco & Juvara-balş, 1977) — Venezuela
Cryptocellus brignolii Cokendolpher, 2000 — Suriname
Cryptocellus centralis Fage, 1921 — Costa Rica
Cryptocellus chimaera Botero-Trujillo & Valdez-Mondragón, 2016 – Ecuador
Cryptocellus chiriqui Platnick & Shadab, 1981 — Costa Rica, Panama
Cryptocellus conori Tourinho & Saturnino, 2010 — Brazil
Cryptocellus fagei Cooke & Shadab, 1973 — Costa Rica
Cryptocellus florezi Platnick & García, 2008 — Colombia
Cryptocellus foedus Westwood, 1874 — Brazil
Cryptocellus gamboa Platnick & Shadab, 1981 — Panama
Cryptocellus glenoides Cooke & Shadab, 1973 — Colombia
Cryptocellus goodnighti Platnick & Shadab, 1981 — Costa Rica
Cryptocellus hanseni Cooke & Shadab, 1973 — Honduras, Nicaragua
Cryptocellus iaci Tourinho, Man-Hung & Bonaldo, 2010 — Brazil
Cryptocellus icamiabas Tourinho & de Azevedo, 2007 — Brazil
Cryptocellus isthmius Cooke & Shadab, 1973 — Panama
Cryptocellus lampeli Cooke, 1967 — Guyana
Cryptocellus lisbethae González-Sponga, 1998 — Venezuela
Cryptocellus luisedieri Botero-Trujillo & Pérez, 2009 — Colombia
Cryptocellus magnus Ewing, 1929 — Colombia
Cryptocellus muiraquitan Tourinho, Lo-Man-Hung & Salvatierra, 2014 — Brazil
Cryptocellus narino Platnick & Paz, 1979 — Colombia
Cryptocellus osa Platnick & Shadab, 1981 — Costa Rica
Cryptocellus peckorum Platnick & Shadab, 1977 — Colombia
Cryptocellus platnicki Botero-Trujillo & Pérez, 2008 — Colombia
Cryptocellus pseudocellatus Roewer, 1952 — Peru
Cryptocellus simonis Hansen & Sørensen, 1904 — Brazil
Cryptocellus sofiae Botero-Trujillo, 2014 — Colombia
Cryptocellus striatipes Cooke & Shadab, 1973 — Costa Rica
Cryptocellus tarsilae Pinto-da-Rocha & Bonaldo, 2007 — Brazil
Cryptocellus verde Platnick & Shadab, 1981 — Costa Rica
Cryptocellus whitticki Platnick & Shadab, 1977 — Guyana
References
External links
Arachnid genera
Ricinulei
Arthropods of Central America
Taxa named by John O. Westwood
Ge Tian (; born 25 December 1988) is a Chinese actress and fashion model.
Biography
Early life
Ge Tian was born in Jinan, Shandong, on December 25, 1988. In 2012 she graduated from Central Academy of Drama, majoring in acting.
Acting career
Ge Tian began her career as a fashion model in 2005. A year later, she has become the first official tourism ambassador of Shandong province.
In 2011, Ge Tian played Thierry Mena in William Mesguich's drama The Cynic, based on Molière's novel.
After college, she appeared in many television series and films, such as One Mile Above, The VI Group of Fatal Case, and Leaves in Changan.
In 2012, she starred in the romantic comedy television series Youth Explosion, alongside Lei Qingyao, Wang Chuang, and Chu Nan.
Ge Tian first rose to prominence in 2015 for playing Yin Hua in the historical television series Anti Japanese Together. The series received mixed reviews. That same year, she starred in the suspense thriller film Nowhere to Run with Zhang Duo, Liu Ying, and Sui Yongliang.
Personal life
On September 8, 2014, Ge Tian married former Olympic hurdler Liu Xiang, one of China's best-known athletes. They divorced on June 25, 2015, after nine months and seventeen days of marriage.
Works
Film
Television
References
1988 births
Actresses from Jinan
Living people
Chinese film actresses
Chinese television actresses
Chinese female models
Central Academy of Drama alumni
The Federation of Electric Power Related Industry Workers' Unions of Japan (, Denryoku Soren) is a trade union representing workers in the electric power industry in Japan.
The Council of Electric Power Related Industry Workers' Union of Japan was established in 1969, bringing together nine regional unions, which themselves comprised a total of 108 local unions, and 178,742 members. The most important of these was the Federation of Electrical Workers' Unions of Japan. In 1981, the council was replaced by Denryoku Soren, a more centralised organisation, which by this time had 209,523 members.
The union was a founding member of the Japanese Private Sector Trade Union Confederation in 1987, by which point it had 218,000 members. It was then a founder of the Japanese Trade Union Confederation, in 1989. In 1996, it absorbed the small National Council of Japanese Electric Powers Workers. By 2020, its membership had fallen slightly, to 208,996.
References
External links
Energy industry trade unions
Trade unions established in 1981
Trade unions in Japan
A by-election for the seat of Balcatta in the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia was held on 28 July 1973. It was triggered by the resignation of Herb Graham, the deputy premier in the Labor government of John Tonkin, on 30 May 1973.
Like the earlier 1971 Ascot by-election, the Balcatta by-election was of great importance to the Labor Party, as a loss would have seen it reduced to minority government. The party retained the seat despite a 16.5-point negative swing, with Brian Burke (a future premier) outpolling the Liberal candidate, Neil Beck, by only 30 votes on the two-party-preferred count. Burke had been behind Beck on first preferences, but passed him after the preferences of the Australia Party candidate were distributed.
Background
Herb Graham had held Balcatta for the Labor Party since the seat's re-creation at the 1962 state election, and had served in parliament since 1943. He was made deputy premier under John Tonkin following Labor's victory at the 1971 election, but the pair had frequent differences of opinion. Graham resigned from parliament on 30 May 1973 and was instead appointed chairman of the Licensing Court of Western Australia. After his resignation, the writ for the by-election was issued on 1 June, with the close of nominations on 28 June. Polling day was on 28 July, with the writ returned on 17 August.
On the same day that Graham announced his retirement, Brian Burke made his decision to seek Labor preselection for Balcatta. He faced an uphill battle, with state secretary Joe Chamberlain wanting Patricia Giles preselected. With the help of his brother Terry and a particularly good performance by Burke at a preselection meeting, he became Labor's candidate. As the Labor Party only had a one seat majority, the by-election would determine whether it would remain in office. Having undertaken an opinion poll of the seat, Burke realised he was most likely not going to win, so he asked acting state secretary Kim Beazley for money to fund his campaign. Beazley gave Burke's campaign $6,000, which was all the money in the party's electoral account, angering Chamberlain as the money was meant for the upcoming full state election. At the by-election, Burke defeated the Liberal Party candidate by 30 votes as measured on a two-party-preferred basis. He was sworn into parliament on 5 August 1973.
Results
Aftermath
The Tonkin government was defeated at the 1974 state election, which also saw Balcatta abolished in a redistribution. Burke transferred to the seat of Balga, and remained in parliament until his retirement in 1988. He was elected leader of the Labor Party in 1981, and became premier at the 1983 state election.
See also
1932 Roebourne state by-election, held in similar circumstances
List of Western Australian state by-elections
References
Western Australian state by-elections
1973 elections in Australia
July 1973 events in Australia
The Republic of Ireland national under-17 football team, is the national under-17 football team of the Republic of Ireland and is controlled by the Football Association of Ireland and competes in the annual UEFA European Under-17 Championship and the biennial FIFA U-17 World Cup.
History
The Republic of Ireland won the 1998 UEFA European Under-16 Championship in Scotland and the 1998 UEFA European Under-18 Championship.
Competitive record
FIFA Under-17 World Cup
The team has never qualified for the FIFA Under-17 World Cup (formerly the FIFA Under-17 World Championship and FIFA Under-16 World Championship), and did not enter the 1985 edition.
UEFA European Under-17 Championship
The Republic of Ireland Under-17s have qualified for the UEFA European Under-17 Championship (formerly the UEFA European Under-16 Championship) 11 times, winning the competition in 1998. They hosted the 1994 and 2019 editions and finished in the group stage for both.
Results and fixtures
2021
2022
Honours
UEFA European Under-17 Championship, formerly UEFA European Under-16 Championship
Champions (1998)
Current squad
The following players were named in the squad for 2022 UEFA European Under-17 Championship Qualifying round games against Portugal, Finland and Bulgaria. Players born on or after 1 January 2005 are eligible.
See also
UEFA European Under-17 Football Championship
FIFA U-17 World Cup
Republic of Ireland (senior) team
Republic of Ireland national under-21 football team
Republic of Ireland national under-19 football team
References
External links
UEFA Under-17 website
Under-17
Ireland
Youth association football in the Republic of Ireland
Canton of Nevers may refer to:
Canton of Nevers-1, Nièvre, Bourgogne-Franche-Comté, France
Canton of Nevers-2, Nièvre, Bourgogne-Franche-Comté, France
Canton of Nevers-3, Nièvre, Bourgogne-Franche-Comté, France
Canton of Nevers-4, Nièvre, Bourgogne-Franche-Comté, France
See also
Arrondissement of Nevers, Nièvre, Bourgogne-Franche-Comté, France
Prefecture of Nevers, Nièvre, Bourgogne-Franche-Comté, France
County of Nevers, Burgundy
Duchy of Nevers, France
Nevers (disambiguation)
tcsh ( “tee-see-shell”, “tee-shell”, or as “tee see ess aitch”, tcsh) is a Unix shell based on and backward compatible with the C shell (csh).
Shell
It is essentially the C shell with programmable command-line completion, command-line editing, and a few other features. Unlike the other common shells, functions cannot be defined in a tcsh script and the user must use aliases instead (as in csh). It is the native root shell for BSD-based systems such as FreeBSD.
tcsh added filename and command completion and command line editing concepts borrowed from the TENEX operating system, which is the source of the “t”. Because it only added functionality and did not change what was there, tcsh remained backward compatible with the original C shell. Though it started as a side branch from the original csh source tree that Bill Joy had created, tcsh is now the main branch for ongoing development.
tcsh is very stable but new releases continue to appear roughly once a year, consisting mostly of minor bug fixes.
On many systems, such as macOS and Red Hat Linux, csh is actually tcsh. Often one of the two files is either a hard link or a symbolic link to the other, so that either name refers to the same improved version of the C shell.
On Debian and some derivatives (including Ubuntu), there are two different packages: csh and tcsh. The former is based on the original BSD version of csh and the latter is the improved tcsh.
History
The “t” in tcsh comes from the “T” in TENEX, an operating system which inspired Ken Greer at Carnegie Mellon University, the author of tcsh, with its command-completion feature. Greer began working on his code to implement Tenex-style file name completion in September 1975, finally merging it into the C shell in December 1981. Mike Ellis at Fairchild A.I. Labs added command completion in September 1983. On October 3, 1983, Greer posted source to the net.sources newsgroup.
Significant features
Command history
The built-in history command displays the previously-entered commands
Use of / at the command line to allow the user to select a command from the history to edit/execute
Invoking previous commands using command history
!! executes the previous command
!n executes the nth command that was previously executed
!-n executes the command that was executed n commands ago
!string executes the most recently executed command that starts with string
!?string executes the most recently executed command that contains string
Using history in new commands
!* - refers to all of the arguments from the previous command
!$ - refers to the last argument from the previous command
!^ - refers to the first argument from the previous command
!:n - refers to the nth argument from the previous command
!:m-n - refers to the mth through nth arguments from the previous command
!:n-$ - refers to the nth through the last argument from the previous command
Command line editing
Auto-completion of file names and variables as well as programmable completion at the command line
Alias argument selectors; the ability to define an alias to take arguments supplied to it and apply them to the commands that it refers to. Tcsh is the only shell that provides this feature.
\!# - argument selector for all arguments, including the alias/command itself; arguments need not be supplied.
\!* - argument selector for all arguments, excluding the alias/command; arguments need not be supplied.
\!$ - argument selector for the last argument; argument need not be supplied, but if none is supplied, the alias name is considered to be the last argument.
\!^ - argument selector for first argument; argument MUST be supplied.
\!:n - argument selector for the nth argument; argument MUST be supplied; n=0 refers to the alias/command name.
\!:m-n - argument selector for the arguments from the mth to the nth; arguments MUST be supplied.
\!:n-$ - argument selector for the arguments from the nth to the last; at least argument n MUST be supplied.
\!:n* - argument selector for the arguments from the nth to the last; sufficient arguments need not be supplied.#Alias the cd command so that when you change directories, the contents are immediately displayed.
alias cd 'cd \!* && ls'
Wildcard matchingif ( "$input" =~ [0-9]* ) then
echo "the input starts with an integer"
else
echo "the input does NOT start with an integer"
endif
Job control
The built-in where command. Works like the which command but shows all locations of the target command in the directories specified in $PATH rather than only the one that will be used.
Deployment
Early versions of Mac OS X shipped with tcsh as the default shell, but the default for new accounts became bash as of 10.3 then zsh as of 10.15. (tcsh is still provided, and upgrading the OS does not change the shell of any existing accounts). tcsh is the default root shell of FreeBSD (the default user shell is POSIX-based) and its descendants like DragonFly BSD and DesktopBSD.
See also
Comparison of command shells
References
External links
tcsh releases
tcsh mailing list
tcsh manual page
Archive for the O'Reilly book "Using csh and tcsh"
Cross-platform free software
Free software programmed in C
Scripting languages
Software using the BSD license
Text-oriented programming languages
Unix shells
Muhammad Mustafa Mero (; 1941 – 22 December 2020) was a Syrian politician who served as Prime Minister of Syria from 7 March 2000 to 10 September 2003.
Early life and education
Mero was born into a Sunni rural family in Al Tall in the outskirts of Damascus in 1941. He attended Damascus University. Later he acquired a PhD in Arabic language and literature from the University of Moscow.
Career
Mero became a member of the Ba'ath Party in 1966. He joined the Arab Teachers' Union, becoming its secretary general for cultural affairs and publications. He served as governor of the Daraa province from 1980 to 1986. He was appointed governor of the Al Hasakah province in 1986 and served in the post until 1993. In 1993, he became governor of the Aleppo province and was in office until 2000. Despite regional tensions between Syria and Turkey at the time, he was said to have enjoyed good relations with the Turkish government and was integral in dealings between the two governments. In June 2000, he became a leading figure in the Ba'ath party.
On 7 March 2000, shortly before the death of President Hafez al-Assad, Mero was appointed as prime minister, replacing Mahmoud Zuabi, who had been in office since 1987. Mero's cabinet was announced on 13 March 2000, and was tasked with tackling economic reforms and combatting corruption. After the death of Assad in 2000, he was one of a nine-member committee that oversaw the transition period.
He was retained by the new president, Bashar Assad, and was promoted within the ranks of the ruling Ba'ath Party. Mero headed a ministerial and commercial delegation to neighboring Iraq in August 2001, becoming the first Syrian prime minister to visit the country since the Gulf War. In December 2001, in an effort to stimulate economic reform, Mero was charged with forming a new cabinet, which saw extensive reorganization with several "pro-reform" ministers appointed to strategic portfolios related to the economy. His premiership also oversaw improving ties with Turkey. In July 2003, Mero became the first Syrian prime minister to visit Turkey in 17 years, where he signed three agreements on health, oil and natural gas, and customs matters.
Mero resigned from office in early September 2003, reportedly due to the stagnation of the process of economic reform. Parliament speaker Mohammed Naji Al Otari replaced him as prime minister. Mero continued his political career as a member of the central committee of the Ba'ath Party. His term ended in June 2005, and he retired from politics.
Death
Mero died from COVID-19 in Al-Tall on 22 December 2020, during the COVID-19 pandemic in Syria. He was 79 years old.
See also
Second Mustafa Mero government
Notes
References
1941 births
2020 deaths
Ba'athist rulers
Damascus University alumni
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in Syria
Syrian Kurdish politicians
Syrian Kurdish people
Syrian Sunni Muslims
Members of the Regional Command of the Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party – Syria Region
Moscow State University alumni
People from Rif Dimashq Governorate
Prime Ministers of Syria
Major William Blakeney (1735 – 2 November 1804) was an Irish British Army officer and politician.
He was born the son of Irish MP John Blakeney and Grace Perrse, and was the brother of Robert, John and Theophilus Blakeney.
As a soldier in the British Army William Blakeney fought in the German War at the Battle of Rheinberg (1758), during which he was wounded and at the Battle of Minden (1759), when he was again wounded. As Captain Blakeney he then fought in the American War of Independence at the Battle of Bunker Hill (1775), where he was yet again severely wounded. He retired at the rank of Major in 1779.
He sat in the Irish House of Commons for Athenry from 1781 to 1783 and again from 1790 to 1800.
He married Sarah Shields, daughter of Samuel Shields, on 6 September 1770 and was the father of Edward Blakeney.
References
leighrayment.com
http://thepeerage.com/p27666.htm#i276659
1735 births
1804 deaths
19th-century Irish people
Irish soldiers in the British Army
Irish MPs 1776–1783
Irish MPs 1790–1797
Irish MPs 1798–1800
Politicians from County Galway
Royal Welch Fusiliers officers
British Army personnel of the Seven Years' War
British Army personnel of the American Revolutionary War
Members of the Parliament of Ireland (pre-1801) for County Galway constituencies
Bedlam is a 1996 run and gun video game developed by Mirage and published by GT Interactive for DOS, Windows, macOS, and PlayStation.
Gameplay
Bedlam is a game in which players use a squad of three huge remote assault tanks (RATs) against mutated monsters called Biomex.
Reception
Next Generation reviewed the PC version of the game, rating it three stars out of five, and stated that "actual gameplay becomes tiresome after a while – shoot the monsters, look for the end of the level, go to the next level, shoot some more monsters. However, in small doses, it's fun enough for long enough to be worth giving it a shot."
Reviews
Computer Games Magazine – 1996
Pelit – September 1996
GameSpot – October 31, 1996
PC Games – November 1996
PC Gamer – January 1997
NowGamer – July 1, 1997
PC Zone – August 13, 2001
References
1996 video games
Cancelled Sega Saturn games
Classic macOS games
DOS games
GT Interactive games
Mirage Technologies (Multimedia) Ltd. games
PlayStation (console) games
Real-time tactics video games
Run and gun games
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
Windows games
A general election was held in the U.S. state of Wyoming on Tuesday, November 3, 1942. All of the state's executive officers—the governor, secretary of state, auditor, treasurer, and superintendent of public instruction—were up for election. Like the 1938 elections, this year's elections were something of a mixed bag for both parties. Democratic secretary of state Lester C. Hunt successfully defeated Republican governor Nels H. Smith for re-election, but Republicans flipped the secretary of state's office in Hunt's absence. The other incumbents—State Auditor William M. Jack, a Democrat, and Superintendent Esther L. Anderson, a Republican—were re-elected, and Republicans held onto the state treasurer's office.
Governor
After defeating his predecessor, Democrat Leslie A. Miller, by a wide margin in 1938, Republican governor Nels H. Smith faced a tough challenge to his re-election in Secretary of State Lester C. Hunt, the Democratic nominee. Ultimately, Hunt narrowly defeated Smith, winning the first of his two terms as governor.
Secretary of State
Secretary of State Lester C. Hunt opted to challenge Republican governor Nels H. Smith for re-election rather than seek a third term as secretary of state, thereby creating an open seat. Susan J. Quealey, a leader in the state Democratic Party, narrowly won the primary over State Representative Raymond E. Morris. In the general election, she faced State Treasurer Mart T. Christensen, and lost to him in a landslide. Fewer than two years into Christensen's term, however, he would die in office; Governor Hunt appointed State Auditor William M. Jack as his replacement.
Democratic primary
Candidates
Susan J. Quealy, Wyoming Democratic Party activist
Raymond E. Morris, State Representative from Laramie County
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Mart T. Christensen, State Treasurer
Results
General election
Results
Auditor
Incumbent Democratic Auditor William M. Jack ran for re-election to a third term. After winning a contested Democratic primary against C. A. Johnson, a former state employee, he faced State Representative Everett T. Copenhaver in the general election. Building on his track record of decisive victories, Jack defeated Copenhaver relatively easily, winning 55% of the vote to Copenhaver's 45%. During Jack's third term, he was appointed by Governor Hunt as the successor to the late Secretary of State Mart T. Christensen, who died in office. Governor Hunt would, in turn, appoint Carl Robinson as Jack's successor.
Democratic primary
Candidates
William M. Jack, incumbent state auditor
C. A. Johnson, former sales tax department employee
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Everett T. Copenhaver, State Representative from Converse County
Results
General election
Results
Treasurer
Incumbent Republican state treasurer Mart T. Christensen was unable to seek re-election due to term limits, and instead successfully ran for secretary of state. The open seat became a contest between two former presiding officers of the state legislature: Democratic nominee Henry D. Watenpaugh, the Director of the State Office of Government Reports and the Speaker of the Wyoming House of Representatives from 1935 to 1937, and Republican nominee Earl Wright, the President of the Wyoming State Senate. Despite the strength of both candidates, Wright ended up defeating Watenpaugh comfortably, holding the office for the Republican Party.
Democratic primary
Candidates
Henry D. Watenpaugh, Director of the State Office of Government Reports, former Speaker of the Wyoming House of Representatives
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Earl Wright, President of the Wyoming State Senate
Doc Rogers, former deputy secretary of state, 1938 Republican nominee for auditor
Results
General election
Results
Superintendent of Public Instruction
Incumbent Republican superintendent of public instruction Esther L. Anderson ran for re-election to a second term. She was opposed by Democratic nominee Albert L. Keeney, the superintendent of schools in the town of Superior. Keeney proved little challenge to Anderson, who overwhelmingly defeated him for re-election and won the highest percentage of the vote of any statewide candidate in Wyoming that year.
Democratic primary
Candidates
Albert L. Keeney, Superintendent of Superior Schools
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Esther L. Anderson, incumbent superintendent of public instruction
Results
General election
Results
References
Wyoming
Michael Sio (born 16 May 1993) is a Samoa international rugby league footballer who was most recently contracted to Wakefield Trinity (Heritage № 1360) in the Super League. He primarily plays as a , and has represented Samoa at the 2013 Rugby League World Cup, 2014 Four Nations and 2015 Polynesian Cup.
Early life
Sio was born in Auckland, New Zealand.
He attended St. Paul's College, where he was a prefect.
Playing career
Sio played junior league for the Marist Saints before he was signed by the New Zealand Warriors. He played for the Junior Warriors in the Holden Cup, captaining the side in 2013. At the end of the 2013 season he was awarded the Sonny Fai Medal as the Junior Warriors' player of the year.
He played for the New Zealand Residents in 2011. Sio was called up to the Samoan squad for the 2013 World Cup to replace Masada Iosefa.
In May 2014, Michael played for Samoa in the 2014 Pacific International. On 7 October 2014, Sio was selected in the Samoan side for the 2014 Four Nations series. He came in as a late replacement to play in the 2015 Polynesian Cup test-match.
Sio joined the Mackay Cutters in the Queensland Cup for the 2015 season. However, on 22 June 2015, he signed a -year contract with Super League club Wakefield Trinity Wildcats. He left the club at the end of the 2017 season.
References
External links
Wakefield Trinity profile
1993 births
Living people
Auckland rugby league team players
Mackay Cutters players
Marist Saints players
New Zealand people of Samoan descent
New Zealand rugby league players
People educated at St Paul's College, Auckland
Rugby league hookers
Rugby league second-rows
Samoa national rugby league team players
Wakefield Trinity players
Roberts AB is the company that makes the syrup for the traditional Swedish drink julmust. The company was founded in 1910 by Harry Roberts and his father Robert Roberts (who died in 1932). The company is located in Örebro, Sweden and currently has 15 employees. The current owner is Göran Roberts, a grandson of Harry. They do not produce their own soft drinks, just the syrup. Apart from julmust they also make syrup for cola, various fruit drinks and Champis.
References
External links
Roberts AB
Food and drink companies of Sweden
Companies based in Örebro County
Benigno V. Aldana National High School (BVANHS), formerly Pozorrubio Junior High School, Pozorrubio High School, and Benigno V. Aldana National Memorial High School, is a public high school located and serves Pozorrubio, Pangasinan, Philippines and nearby towns with about 2,500 students each year and 111 teachers in its faculty.
History
BVANHS was established on July 15, 1946 and initially having 235 students. Its first classrooms were located in several sites at the heart of the town. Locations of the first classrooms were at Don Andres Olarte's residence at Sison Street, Don Gerardo Nabor Sr.'s residence at Espiritu Street, old Itliong-Estaris residence at Rizal Street (now property of a bank), Jovellanos-Venezualla ancestral house (the oldest structure standing in Pozorrubio at 131 years as of 2013), Andres Aldana Sr.'s house (now abandoned) at Espiritu Street, and Orestes Olarte abode at Caballero Street. The very first school principal was Enrique Telesforo from Lingayen. The first class graduated in 1947 with 37 graduates and their graduation ceremony was held at the Plaza Pergola at the heart of the town.
Right after that, the school was moved to its permanent location in Barangay Cablong, Pozorrubio, Pangasinan with three hectares of land donated by Don and Doña Orestes and Cion Olarte. Later on, 3.7 more hectares of land was purchased using money raised from fund-raising and contributions initiated by the Parents-Teachers Association established by the school.
Class '49 was the first one to have a secondary section that divided the graduation class into two sections of 56 and 26 students.
Enrique was then replaced by Candelario Quinto in 1948 as principal of the school followed by Mr. Numerio Mac. Vinluan in 1952, and then later succeeded by Brigida Q. Magno in 1967 until Martial Law was declared in 1972. Orlando Perez then served as principal from 1975 to November 2001, followed by Alfredo Calugay who served as principal for almost three years when he was reassigned to another school in 2004 due to issues regarding his professional career in the school. Agnes Raguinan was then appointed as OIC (Officer-In-Charge) by the Division II, Region I, Office of the Department of Education of the Philippines in 2004 to 2006. Dr. Roberto B. Quezon now seats as the current principal of the school after being appointed as OIC in 2006 and promoted to the position in 2008.
The Campus
Many changes took place physically in the school in its early years such as the cogon-wildgrass rooftops and sawali walls which was then gradually replaced with newer and more durable materials such as cement and steel. Presently, the school is considered as one of the best in the Philippines with regards to availability of resources and educational facilities. The campus now boasts 17 modern buildings, 10 relaxation areas and study sheds, a Library and Media Center, a Computer Building, a mini Theater, an audio-visual room, a Student's Worship Center (notably a first in public high schools in the area). Also several individual Department Centers, four canteens (including one main cafeteria), two sheltered stage areas, one basketball court, one badminton court, one volleyball court, a fishpond and agricultural area, a botanical park, and a large open space quadrangle. The school also boasts its green environment with almost every area covered and shaded with trees and garbage cans spread everywhere to keep the environment clean.
Furthermore, the campus hosts a local museum of artifacts for the town, and other historical legacies donated to the school.
Most of the improvements of the campus are donated by alumni and parents of students of the school. Further expansion and developments are still performed to accommodate the increasing student population size.
References
External links
Official website of Benigno V. Aldana National High School -- Alumni List, History, Photos, and more
High schools in Pangasinan
1946 establishments in the Philippines
Educational institutions established in 1946
Skogbygda is a small community in the municipality of Nes in Akershus, Norway. The name "Skogbygda" is derived from Skog = forest, Bygd = village in Norwegian.
The center of the community lies in Ingeborgrud, with an elementary school, a convenience store/post office, hairdresser, and football field. The local church and a firing range is also located near Ingeborgrud. Outside Ingeborgrud the landscape is typically rural, with farmlands and considerable areas of forest.
The 313 bus from Skarnes to Oslo goes through Dysterud, Skogbygda, Herbergåsen, Opaker, Vormsund, Rød, Langbakk, Borgen and Skibakk.
References
Villages in Akershus
Nes, Akershus
no:Skogbygda
Frank Thrall Weatherwax (June 23, 1902 – December 17, 1991) was an American actor and animal trainer. He is best remembered with his brother Rudd Weatherwax for their famous collie, Pal, the dog who became famous as Lassie in the 1943 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer film Lassie Come Home. He also trained the dog, Lightning, for the 1935 movie A Dog of Flanders.
Animal training
Weatherwax was born in Camp Palomas, New Mexico Territory, the son of Anna Elisa (née Wallis) and Walter Smiley Weatherwax. Weatherwax trained the original Asta for The Thin Man, a film produced in 1934. This movie had five sequels and an accompanying television show. Weatherwax's Asta did not star in the TV series. He also trained Spike, who appeared in Disney's Old Yeller and in other film and television programs. Weatherwax played a bully in Little Lord Fauntleroy in 1921 with Mary Pickford. In 1920 he appeared in the silent film version of Heidi and in The Jucklins.
Family
He was the brother of Rudd Weatherwax, actor and animal trainer, and uncle of actor Ken Weatherwax.
Notes
External links
Profile, canineprofessionals.com
1902 births
1991 deaths
American male silent film actors
Dog trainers
Male actors from New Mexico
People from Sierra County, New Mexico
20th-century American male actors
David Mercer (born 21 August 1949) is a British former racing driver.
Mercer began his racing career in Sportscars in 1977 competing in Group 5/6 . He drove part-time in the FIA World Endurance Championship and Thundersports races from 1982 to 1989. He made one [Interserie] start in 1992 and made 11 British Formula 3000/Two starts from 1992 to 1994, finishing 13th in the championship those two years. He then went on to race a 1983 Ram in Historic F1 then moved on to racing a 1990 Spice Group C car in historic events with much success and which he still currently races to a high level.
Le Mans History
1984
In the 1984 Le Mans race he started in 46th place and finished in 39th. In the race he ran 96/360 laps. He was sponsored by Castrol and drove a BMW M1.
References
1949 births
Living people
British racing drivers
24 Hours of Le Mans drivers
British Formula 3000 Championship drivers
World Sportscar Championship drivers
The Scottish Parliamentary Corporate Body (SPCB) is a body of the Scottish Parliament responsible for the administration of the parliament. It also has a role in provision of services to commissioners and other statutory appointments made by the parliament.
Role
The SPCB is established by section 21 of, and schedule 2 to, the Scotland Act 1998. The SPCB considers and makes decisions on a wide range of issues to do with the running of the parliament including the property, staff and resources that the parliament requires in order to operate. The corporate body administers the resources of the parliament as well as the budget of the parliament. It also considers the use of parliamentary facilities and is responsible for the staffing and security of the parliament.
Members
The SPCB is convened by the Presiding Officer of the Scottish Parliament and otherwise made up of at least four MSPs.
Each member of the body currently takes on a specific portfolio.
Convener
Alison Johnstone (Presiding Officer)
Business support and Officeholders
Maggie Chapman (Green Party)
Finance and organisation governance
Jackson Carlaw (Conservative & Unionist)
Digital services, resilience and sustainability
Claire Baker (Labour Party)
Engagement and communications
Christine Grahame (Scottish National Party)
Former members
Office holders
The Scottish Parliament is responsible for the appointment of several statutory positions for commissioners and senior public appointments. The parliament nominates individuals to the monarch, who formally appoints them to a post.
This includes the following posts:
The Auditor General for Scotland
The Scottish Public Services Ombudsman
The Scottish Information Commissioner
Scotland's Commissioner for Children and Young People
The chair of the Scottish Human Rights Commission
The SPCB provides the budget for each of the above with the exception of the Auditor General.
The SPCB is responsible for nominating the following posts to parliament:
Commissioner for Ethical Standards in Public Life in Scotland
members of the Scottish Human Rights Commission
The Standards Commission for Scotland
See also
Member of the Scottish Parliament
Scottish Parliament Building
Scotland Act 1998
House of Commons Commission, a comparable committee of the British House of Commons
References
External links
Official website
1999 establishments in Scotland
Government agencies established in 1999
"Destination: Imagination" is a television special of the animated television series Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends. The plot of the special follows Frankie, who becomes trapped in a huge, mysterious world where she is treated like royalty but forced not to leave. Bloo, Mac, Coco, Eduardo, and Wilt journey through the world to rescue her, facing perils and challenges along the way.
Written by Lauren Faust and Tim McKeon, "Destination: Imagination" was directed by Rob Renzetti and series creator Craig McCracken. The plot was conceived after the crew decided that they wanted to make an episode with adventure, featuring the characters going out on a large quest of sorts. Due to the dark and serious storytelling approach used, the special came out "edgier" than most episodes of Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends.
"Destination: Imagination" was originally broadcast on Cartoon Network on November 27, 2008 (Thanksgiving Day 2008). It was well received and won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Animated Program (for Programming One Hour or More). It was also nominated for two Annie Awards—one for Best Animated Television Production Produced for Children and another for McCracken and Renzetti's directing.
Plot
Frankie Foster has grown enraged about her job as the caretaker of Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends, doing endless chores for Mr. Herriman and the house residents, who show her little to no gratitude. When Frankie discovers a chained toy box left on the doorstep, Herriman instructs her to leave it in the attic. Frankie intentionally ignores Herriman's order and peeks inside the box. Upon falling inside, she discovers it is a vast world filled with anthropomorphic toys and delectable treats. She sympathizes with a young boy's voice (Max Burkholder), who tells her he has been living alone in the toy chest since his family left the box at Foster's. Frankie adores the world and secretly visits it every day, being treated like royalty by the voice. One day, when she attempts to leave, the voice locks every exit of the castle Frankie resides in. While investigating Frankie's sudden disappearance, Bloo, Mac, Coco, Eduardo, and Wilt go up to the attic and enter the toy box, discovering the vast world that resides in it. They ask around a town of Frankie's whereabouts but the faceless toy residents do not respond. A group of weeble policemen chase after the gang, but they are saved by a heroic man. He warns them that their pursuit of Frankie is life-threatening, but they remain determined to rescue her. Meanwhile, Mr. Herriman, outraged by Frankie's disappearance, unsuccessfully attempts to find a replacement for her.
After the hero sabotages the gang's attempt to cross a musical bridge, they fall into a pit where sticky material becomes their zombie-like doppelgängers. They escape through a Super Mario-like environment and go to the house of a toy dog, where they are set up for a trap to eat crumpets with sleeping powder. Mac does not eat the crumpets and is able to save the others. As they try to escape, they discover that the policeman, hero, and dog are all controlled by a single face — World, the voice that tended to Frankie — who can animate and control seemingly anything he latches onto. World is trapped on an apple and the gang leaves it at a desert, but it latches on a horse and gallops off to the castle. Having been secretly hiding inside the horse, the gang finds Frankie and attempts to save her. However, Frankie reveals that she was staying of her own free will and is happy to be away from the work at Foster's. The friends then plead with Frankie to come home, insisting that they need her to take care of them. She believes their pleas to be selfish and furiously storms off. World then gasses them and they fall asleep.
When the gang awakens, they find themselves in a fake version of Foster's created by World, who shrank them into it. After Frankie hears their voices calling to her and finds them shrunk, World becomes upset and accuses Frankie of planning to leave him alone in the toy box forever. She calms him down enough to befriend and unshrink the gang. Suddenly, Mr. Herriman storms into the room, having himself gotten into the toy box to look for Frankie, and harshly berates World, giving him an anxiety attack. World's world falls apart as he pursues the gang until it is nothing but a white void. As the gang arrives at the entrance of the box, World becomes furious and turns into a chimera-like creature to attack them all. The gang manages to escape the toy box, after which Frankie climbs out as well and tries to convince everyone to let World out of the box. Herriman yields, admitting to his misjudgment of Frankie and accepting World's release from the box. World adapts to the new environment and lives as a stuffed rag doll in the home. Herriman issues a decree to divide the chores between the imaginary friends and thus give Frankie a break from her job. After the chores, all the imaginary friends in the house are free to travel in and out of the toy box, where they enjoy themselves.
During the post-credits scene, Madame Foster, who was away on vacation, returns only to be greeted by an empty house and wonders where everyone is.
Cast
Grey DeLisle as Frankie Foster, Tiny Friend, Little Boy, Lady, Eurotrish
Sean Marquette as Mac
Keith Ferguson as Blooregard, Captain, Francis
Phil LaMarr as Wilt, Jackie Khones, Hero, Dad
Candi Milo as Coco, Madame Foster, Purple Puppy, Mom
Tom Kenny as Eduardo, Billy Bob Norton
Max Burkholder as World
Tom Kane as Mr. Herriman
Production
"Destination: Imagination" was co-written by Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends co-creator Lauren Faust along with Tim McKeon. Other series co-founder Craig McCracken directed it along with Rob Renzetti. The special was conceived by the four, along with Darrick Bachman, Edward Baker, Vaughn Tada, and Alex Kirwan, as a means of creating an adventure story, to "send the gang on a fantastic quest."
The character of World was created as a means to have an imaginary friend that was an entire world instead of the usual "sentient being that you hang out with." Baker suggested that the character should be portrayed as a young child, which McCracken agreed because it brought originality to the story, and allowed him to "be more emotional, to not understand the bigger picture, to be confused and vulnerable and like a kid, to throw a fit when they don't get their way."
The special was written with the goal of "telling the story in the most honest and sincere way." The writers attempted to continue the tense and unpleasant relationship between Frankie and Mr. Herriman, which they had begun developing since the series began, but approaching it in a believable and sensible fashion. With the heavy plot running through the special, the writers tried to use Bloo and his companions as a means to add humor into it. They wrote Bloo to be more obnoxious and demanding than previously, but did not want him to be cruel or malicious.
A lot of the special was more "edgy" and dark than what had been done previously on Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends. A major reason behind this was the peril, danger, and conflict that constructed the plot so heavily. McCracken explains, "When we start a show one of the first things we think about is tone, is this a goofy one, is it a serious one, whatever it may be we stay true to that tone. This one had some higher stakes so we let it naturally unfold that way. This was the first show/special on Cartoon Network to receive a TV-PG rating."
Reception
"Destination: Imagination" was originally broadcast on Thanksgiving Day, November 27, 2008, on Cartoon Network, at 8:00 P.M. EST. It followed an afternoon-long marathon of the animated series Chowder and a My Gym Partner's a Monkey Thanksgiving special entitled "A Thanksgiving Carol". The first special for the series, entitled "Good Wilt Hunting," had also aired on Thanksgiving, back in 2006. At the 61st Primetime Emmy Awards, the special won the award for "Outstanding Animated Program (More Than One Hour)", winning over Spike TV's Afro Samurai: Resurrection. It was nominated for two Annie Awards for Best Animated Television Production Produced for Children and Directing for an Animated Television Production or Short Form. The special lost both to Nickelodeon's Avatar: The Last Airbender.
"Destination: Imagination" received generally positive reviews from television critics. Newsarama reporter Steve Fritz called it "one of the best and—well—most imaginative chapters, ever." Fritz praised Tom Kane and Grey DeLisle's performance as Mr. Herriman and Frankie, calling it "stellar," along with the dark and "edgy" undertones of the special.
References
External links
"Destination: Imagination" at the Internet Movie Database
2008 television films
2008 films
2008 American television episodes
2008 television specials
2000s American television specials
2000s animated television specials
Cartoon Network television films
Cartoon Network Studios animated films
Animated films based on animated series
Films based on television series
Films directed by Craig McCracken
Films directed by Rob Renzetti
Films with screenplays by Lauren Faust
Films with screenplays by Craig McCracken
Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends films
American flash animated films
American children's animated comedy films
American children's animated fantasy films
Animated films about birds
Animated films about rabbits and hares
Animated films about friendship
Parallel universes in fiction
2000s American films
Mesalges hirsutus is an acarid feather mite. It is a parasite of birds including several parrot species and the Mascarene martin of Madagascar.
References
Sarcoptiformes
Parasites of birds
Arthropods of Madagascar
Sunderland Aquatic Centre is an indoor sports complex next to the Stadium of Light in the city of Sunderland, England. It contains an Olympic-size swimming pool, a diving pool and a gymnasium. It is the only full Olympic-standard pool in North East England between Glasgow and Leeds.
The centre was opened on 18 April 2008 with a fireworks and lights display. Anne, Princess Royal visited the Aquatic Centre on 22 January 2009 and gave it a second 'opening' ceremony. A third ceremony was held in the presence of the Mayor of Sunderland Mary Smith later that year.
It replaced the swimming pool and gymnasium facilities at the Crowtree Leisure Centre which was opened in 1978 by Prince Charles. The pool at Crowtree had a tropical beach style with a slide, two diving pools and a wave machine, and was not an Olympic-standard pool. The centre was closed to the general public in October 2011 and demolished in 2013.
On 16 June 2012, the Olympic torch was carried through the Aquatic Centre as part of the 2012 Summer Olympics torch relay.
In February 2017, Sunderland City Council announced that the centre would have to be closed for up to nine months to make structural repairs to the roof, after leaks were reported. They also confirmed they were taking legal action against builder Balfour Beatty. In August 2018, an out-of-court agreement was reached, and Balfour Beatty committed to carry out a programme of work to repair the roof.
See also
List of Olympic-size swimming pools in the United Kingdom
References
External links
Sunderland Aquatic Centre website
BBC Wear's features and pictures of Sunderland Aquatic Centre
Achtformpool
Swimming venues in England
Tourist attractions in the City of Sunderland
Buildings and structures in the City of Sunderland
Sunderland
Time to Hunt () is a 2020 South Korean dystopian action thriller film written and directed by Yoon Sung-hyun. It was released worldwide on April 23, 2020 by Netflix. Set in a dystopian South Korea, the film follows a group of friends who plot a heist and find themselves hunted down by a mysterious assassin after accomplishing the mission.
The film premiered at the 70th Berlin International Film Festival on February 22, 2020, making it the first South Korean film to be screened in the Berlinale Special section.
Plot
In dystopian South Korea, Jun-seok gets released from prison, having been incarcerated after a botched heist he and his friends pulled. The South Korean won has crashed massively, making their haul effectively worthless. Jun-seok proposes one last heist to his best friends Jang-ho and Ki-hoon to escape their miserable situations.
Their target is an illegal gambling house, which stores hefty stacks of US dollars. The trio recruits Sang-soo, an employee working there. After getting firearms from Bong-sik – Jun-seok's contact – the quartet proceeds with the heist. Despite the messy proceedings, the heist is ultimately successful. They take a large sum of cash and the gambling house's surveillance hard drives. After Sang-soo chooses to continue working for a while to avoid raising suspicions, the remaining three leaves to go to Ki-hoon's parents' home.
Unbeknownst to the group, the hard drives contain footage of shady dealings between the gambling house's owners and various criminals. The gambling house owner hires police officer-turned-contract killer Han to retrieve the drives. Han visits Bong-sik, forces him to call Jun-seok to reveal the trio's current location, and kills him. Han kills Sang-soo off-screen and takes his phone. Jun-seok wakes up from a nightmare and goes to a bar. He receives several calls from Sang-soo's phone. Realising that someone else has the phone, he meets up with Jang-ho and Ki-hoon and urges them to flee.
As the trio leaves the parking lot, Han shoots Jang-ho, causing their car to crash. Han gives them a 5-minute headstart to prolong the hunt. They drive to the hospital in another city to treat Jang-ho's injury. Using the city's surveillance system, Han finds the hospital. Jun-seok sees him coming. The trio evades Han and escapes in his car, in the process realizing him to be a police officer. They attempt to make a deal with him, but he refuses. Han is arrested by the police, but they release him under the police chief's orders.
The trio arrives at the harbor, where they have to stay until dawn. Suspecting that his parents are in trouble, Ki-hoon returns to his parents' home. Jun-seok returns at dusk, sees an unknown car near the entrance, and realises that Han has arrived. Jun-seok and Jang-ho escape from Han and run to a nearby car, but Han shoots at them before Jang-ho can start the car. Jun-seok says fighting Han is their only chance to escape.
In the ensuing gunfight, Han shoots Jang-ho multiple times, and the latter eventually succumbs to his injuries and dies. As Jun-seok is about to be killed by Han, a group of masked men, led by Bong-sik's brother Bong-soo, arrives to kill Han. The masked men shoot Han numerous times, and he falls into the sea.
At dawn, Jun-seok takes the boat to Kenting, Taiwan. He learns that Han has survived, and that Ki-hoon died after returning home. Deciding he would never be free by running, Jun-seok trains and arms himself, and returns to South Korea to face Han once and for all.
Cast
Main
Lee Je-hoon as Jun-seok
Ahn Jae-hong as Jang-ho
Choi Woo-shik as Ki-hoon
Park Jung-min as Sang-soo
Park Hae-soo as Han
Special appearances
Jo Sung-ha as Bong-sik / Bong-soo (dual role)
Kim Won-hae as Bin-dae
Lee Hang-na as Ki-hoon's mother
Production
Principal photography began in January 2018 and filming was completed on July 15, 2018. Filming mostly took place in Incheon.
Release
The film was originally set to be released in theaters on February 26, 2020, but it was postponed indefinitely due to the COVID-19 pandemic. On March 23, it was announced that Netflix would release the film on April 10.
Legal dispute
Following the announcement that Time to Hunt would be released on Netflix, the film's then-international sales agency Contents Panda filed an injunction against Little Big Pictures (distributor of the film) as they "unilaterally notified [Contents Panda] of the termination of the contract" and "none of the overseas distributors agreed on an exclusive distribution agreement with Netflix."
As of April 8, 2020 Netflix announced the release date has been postponed to comply with the Seoul Central District Court ruling regarding distribution contracts, and no further info for a possible release date was given.
On April 16, 2020 the parties agreed to a compensation deal with distributors and the Court injunction was lifted. On April 20, Netflix announced that the film would be released three days later.
Reception
Critical response
On the review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of based on reviews, with an average rating of .
Deborah Young of The Hollywood Reporter describes it as "a technical tour-de-force running over two hours [which] belongs both to the East Asian testosterone-powered action genre whose unrelenting tension will be reward in itself for fans, and to socially conscious coming-of-age stories whose painstaking character development adds a deeper sense of realism."
Accolades
Notes
References
External links
2020 films
2020s dystopian films
2020s Korean-language films
South Korean action thriller films
South Korean crime action films
South Korean crime thriller films
Korean-language Netflix original films
Sidus Pictures films
Films not released in theaters due to the COVID-19 pandemic
Giacomo Banchelli (born 14 June 1973 in Vinci, Tuscany) is a former Italian football player who last played as a striker for A.C. Pistoiese. He started playing for Serie A in ACF Fiorentina when he was 16 years old. After that, he played for many teams including Cagliari e Atalanta and a few Serie B teams.
Honours
Fiorentina
Coppa Italia: 1995–96
References
External links
1973 births
Living people
People from Vinci, Tuscany
Italian footballers
Serie A players
Serie B players
ACF Fiorentina players
U.S. Alessandria Calcio 1912 players
Udinese Calcio players
Cagliari Calcio players
A.C. Reggiana 1919 players
Atalanta B.C. players
U.S. Pistoiese 1921 players
Empoli F.C. players
Taranto F.C. 1927 players
A.C. Montichiari players
Atletico Roma F.C. players
Association football forwards
Scandicci Calcio players
Sportspeople from the Metropolitan City of Florence
Footballers from Tuscany
R.T. Ramachandran is an Indian politician and Member of the 15th Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu from Kunnam. He was elected to the Tamil Nadu legislative assembly as an India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam candidate from Kunnam constituency in 2016 election.
References
People from Perambalur district
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Tamil Nadu MLAs 2016–2021
Arthur Oscar Bergh (March 24, 1882 – February 11, 1962) was an American composer, conductor and accompanist. He performed on the piano, violin and organ.
Bergh was born in Saint Paul, Minnesota. From 1903 to 1908 he was a violinist with the Metropolitan Opera. In 1914, he was the conductor of the orchestra in New York City's Central Park.
Bergh became the recording manager at Emerson Records in 1916; he had previously been employed by Columbia Records, and was convinced to move to Victor Emerson's new company after Emerson himself left Columbia. Other sources state that Bergh worked with Emerson first (1915 to 1922), following which he worked at Columbia (1922 to 1930).
In his later life, Bergh worked as a librarian with Hollywood film companies. He died in Los Angeles on February 11, 1962.
Bergh's wife, Geraldyne Brewer (1901–1998), was an heiress in social and charitable circles in the 1950s Los Angeles. In 1956, they lived at 9823 Kincardine Avenue in Cheviot Hills, Los Angeles. After Bergh's death, Geraldyne married Los Angeles Superior Court judge McIntyre Faries on December 3, 1965. Geraldyne died in 1998 and was buried in Forest Lawn Memorial Park, Glendale.
Works
He composed a number of operas and operettas, including adaptations of Robert Browning's The Pied Piper of Hamelin and Edgar Allan Poe's The Raven. His Lieder include music to Walt Whitman's The Imprisoned Soul (1939), Percy Bysshe Shelley's Music, When Soft Voices Die (1947), Emily Dickinson's The Grass (1954), and John Greenleaf Whittier's Dear Lord and Father of Mankind (1955).
Bergh's other works include a symphonic chorale entitled The Unnamed City; a romantic opera, Niorada; a march for orchestra, Honor and Glory (1939); two operettas, In Arcady and The Goblin Fair; a chorus entitled O Captain, My Captain; a cycle named The Congo; as well as 80 other pieces for violin and piano.
1908 – The Raven, Op. 20 (Edgar Allan Poe)
1910 – December, Op. 9 No. 1 (Thomas Bailey Aldrich)
1913 – Evening, a Reverie, Op. 15, No. 1
1913 – Meditation in A♭, Op. 15, No. 2
1913 – Serenade Coquette, Op. 15, No. 3
1913 – Here They Come
1914 – The Pied Piper of Hamelin, Op. 23 (Robert Browning)
1915 – Four Tone Pastels, Op. 17
1919 – Vesper Song (Cordelia Brooks Fenno)
1919 – The Goblin Fair (Cordelia Brooks Fenno)
1924 – In Arcady
1926 – Concert Suite for the Pianoforte
1941 – Love Is the Light of the World (Paul Laurence Dunbar)
1938 – Honor and Glory, Op. 30
1938 – Destiny
1938 – O Captain! My Captain!
1939 – The Imprisoned Soul (Walt Whitman)
1941 – Kissing Her Hair I Sat Against Her Feet (Algernon Charles Swinburne)
1941 – Come With Arms Outstretched (Sara Teasdale)
1947 – Music, When Soft Voices Die, Op. 37 (Percy Bysshe Shelley)
1950 – A Tragic Story (William Makepeace Thackeray)
1950 – I Heard the Bells on Christmas Day (Henry Wadsworth Longfellow)
1954 – The Grass (Emily Dickinson)
1955 – Dear Lord and Father of Mankind (John Greenleaf Whittier)
References
External links
1882 births
1962 deaths
Musicians from Saint Paul, Minnesota
American male composers
American composers
American violinists
American male violinists
American pianists
American male organists
American male conductors (music)
Musicians from Los Angeles
20th-century organists
American male pianists
Classical musicians from California
Classical musicians from Minnesota
20th-century American conductors (music)
20th-century violinists
20th-century American male musicians
20th-century American pianists
American organists
The cacholotes are four species of relatively large, heavy-billed furnariids in the genus Pseudoseisura. They are found in shrubby habitats in the South American countries of Brazil, Bolivia, Argentina, Paraguay and Uruguay. They are essentially brown (ranging from deep rufous to pale gray-brown depending on species), and all are crested to some extent.
Taxonomy
The genus Pseudoseisura was introduced in 1853 by the German naturalist Ludwig Reichenbach to accommodate the white-throated cacholote. The name combines the Ancient Greek pseudos meaning "false" and seisoura, a bird mentioned by the Greek lexicologist Hesychius of Alexandria and believed to be a wagtail Motacilla.
Species
The genus contains four species:
†Pseudoseisura cursor (Pleistocene of Argentina)
The allopatric Caatinga and gray-crested cacholotes were formerly considered conspecific under the name rufous cacholote (Pseudoseisura cristata).
References
Bird genera
Taxa named by Ludwig Reichenbach
Linlithgow Rose Football Club are a Scottish football club based in Linlithgow, West Lothian. The team plays in the East of Scotland Football League Premier Division, the sixth tier of Scottish football, having moved from the junior leagues in 2018.
With playing colours of maroon and white, Linlithgow Rose have won the Scottish Junior Cup four times, in 1965, 2002, 2007 and 2010. Linlithgow also finished as runners-up in 1974, 2003 and 2013.
History
Although officially formed in 1889, there are no newspaper reports of a club by this name until 1898 giving rise to the notion that the original date could either be speculation or is a misprinted date that has been subsequently used as fact. In 1916 the club closed down and was effectively defunct until it was re-formed in July 1923. Their home games have been played, since 1949, at Prestonfield. With a current maximum capacity of 2,264 spectators (301 seated), the record attendance at the ground is 3,626 for a game against Petershill.
The Sinnet years
Jim Sinnet arrived at Prestonfield in the Spring of 2001 on the back of a fairly bleak season for the Rose. An immediate impact was felt as he brought in the quality required to challenge. Boris McLaughlin, Buzz Lamont, David Beaton and Iain Gallacher to name a few.
In season 2001/02 The Rose went on what would become one of the most iconic seasons in the history of the club. Led by Gallacher, Linlithgow won the Final John Walker League Trophy and all but one competition entered. The finale being a 1–0 win over Auchinleck Talbot at Firhill, Glasgow in the Scottish Junior Cup coutesry of Jimmy Creaney. Season 2002/03 seen another successful season with the team falling at the final hurdle in the Scottish Junior Cup final in a 1–0 defeat to Tayport at Firhill, Glasgow. Season 2003/04 seen The Rose win their first ever East Region Superleague.
Sinnet made large changes after two fairly barren seasons and 2006/07 saw the Rose re-installed as Junior champions in a Double winning season, winning the Super League and Scottish Junior Cup. Brian Carrigan and Mark Whyte, in the last minute of Extra time, scored the goals to defeat Kelty Hearts 2–1. The game was played at East End Park in front of 5,000 Rose fans.
Due to reforms by the SFA, Linlithgow Rose took part in the 2007–08 Scottish Cup. On 24 November 2007, they beat Dalbeattie Star 1–0 in the third round thanks to a goal from Stuart McArthur in the second minute of the game. They progressed into the fourth round where they were drawn against Queen of the South. Queen of the South won the tie 4–0 and progressed to the final, where they lost 3–2 to Rangers.
The Rose also progressed into the fourth round of the 2007–08 Scottish Junior Cup after beating Bo'ness United 1–0 on 1 December 2007. However they were knocked out in the next round. Linlithgow in this period were successful in upgrading Prestonfield to enable full SFA license, allowing the team to compete in the Scottish FA cup indefinitely, a path which is no longer available to any club outside the Senior League Setup.
Jim Sinnet, who was one of the most successful managers in the club's history, resigned during the 2007–08 season. Former Dumbarton and Forfar boss Brian Fairley was later appointed as his successor.
Baikie - Scottish Cup Specialist
After the resignation of Brian Fairley and his assistant Allan McGonigal in February 2009 the club were put into the temporary control of Ian Gallacher, Mark Bradley and Danny Smith as they searched for a new manager. Dave Baikie was appointed on 24 April 2009.
Linlithgow then won the Scottish Junior Cup again in 2010 with a second half strike from Kevin Donnelly in a 1–0 win over Largs at Rugby Park, Kilmarnock. They also managed to win The East of Scotland Cup in June 2010 against Musselburgh which Linlithgow won 2–1, both goals from Striker Tommy Coyne. Linlithgow finished a close second in the league to near rivals Bo'ness United in the 2009–10 season.
Recent history
Mark Bradley replaced Baikie as manager in December 2011. Over a period of 13 months, Linlithgow went on an unbeaten run of 49 games, only to lose to Auchinleck Talbot in the 2013 Scottish Junior Cup Final. The club remained undefeated throughout the 2012–13 season and won three trophies out of a possible five, securing the East Superleague by 19 points, along with the League Cup, and the Fife & Lothians Cup.
Bradley resigned in March 2014 and was replaced by former player Danny Smith. Smith leads the team successfully in the Scottish FA Cup with a 2–0 loss to Raith Rovers, at the time a Championship club, and a Semi final exit to Musselburgh Athletic in the Scottish Junior Cup.
Smith in turn, was replaced in June 2015 by David McGlynn. In January 2016, Linlithgow became the first junior team to reach the last 16 of the Scottish Cup after beating Forfar Athletic. A valiant 4–2 loss to Ross County, who were at that time 4th in the SPL ended the run.
McGlynn resigned as manager in October 2016, with his assistant Todd Lumsden replacing him. A Scottish Junior Cup run to a semi-final loss to Auchinleck Talbot failed to save Lumsden who was sacked in April 2017 when The Rose lay third bottom of the table.
Linlithgow re-appointed Mark Bradley as manager in 2017.
Senior football
The club moved to the East of Scotland Football League in 2018, along with many other East Region junior clubs. In their first season as a senior club, they finished second in Conference C to ensure their place in the Premier Division. The 2019 season started strongly with the Rose making healthy progressions in both the league and the cups. Mark Bradley was sacked on 29 September 2019, the day after a 6–2 defeat by Musselburgh Athletic. The management team and fans both heavily criticized the decision.
Former Stenhousemuir F.C and Rangers Academy Coach, Brown Ferguson, took over the role as manager on 13 October 2019. Ferguson was sacked in August of 2021. Gordon Herd was appointed manager later the same month.
Scottish Junior Cup finals record
Linlithgow has a mixed record in the Junior Cup final, winning in four of their seven appearances. As one of the more successful clubs of the modern era, they have reached five finals in the last twenty years, with only Auchinleck Talbot appearing more often in that time.
Club staff
Board of directors
Management
Source
Managerial history
c Caretaker manager
Season-by-season record
Senior
† Season curtailed due to COVID-19 pandemic - Linlithgow Rose finished ninth based on the 'points per game' measure.
Honours
Scottish Junior Cup
Winners: 1964–65, 2001–02, 2006–07, 2009–10
Runners-up: 1973–74, 2002–03, 2012–13
East Super League
Winners: 2003–04, 2006–07, 2012–13
Runners-up: 2009–10, 2013–14, 2017–18
Other honours
East of Scotland Qualifying Cup: 2021–22
East of Scotland League Cup: 2021–22
Edinburgh & District League winners: 1964–65, 1965–66, 1966–67, 1967–68
East Region Division One winners: 1974–75, 1977–78, 1981–82, 1983–84, 1987–88, 1996–97, 1998–99, 1999–00, 2001–02
East of Scotland Cup: 2004–05
Fife & Lothians Cup: 1968–69, 1972–73, 1973–74, 1974–75, 1978–79, 1979–80, 1983–84, 1984–85, 1985–86, 1999–00, 2000–01, 2001–02, 2008–09, 2010–11, 2011–12, 2012–13, 2013–14
East of Scotland Junior Cup: 1953–54, 1964–65, 1967–68, 1975–76, 1977–78, 1988–89, 1990–91, 1992–93, 1995–96, 1999–00, 2000–01, 2003–04, 2009–10
East Junior League Cup: 1977–78, 1985–86, 1990–91, 1994–95, 2001–02, 2006–07, 2007–08, 2010–11, 2011–12, 2012–13
St. Michael's Cup: 1996–97, 1998–99, 2001–02, 2002–03, 2003–04
Brown Cup: 1964–65, 1966–67, 1974–75, 1984–85, 1994–95, 1995–96, 2001–02
References
External links
Football in West Lothian
Football clubs in Scotland
Scottish Junior Football Association clubs
Association football clubs established in 1889
1889 establishments in Scotland
East of Scotland Football League teams
Roberts's warbler (Oreophilais robertsi), also known as the briar warbler, is a species of bird in the family Cisticolidae. It is found in the Eastern Highlands of Zimbabwe and Mozambique. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forest and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland.
References
Ryan, Peter. (2006). Family Cisticolidae (Cisticolas and allies). pp. 378–492 in del Hoyo J., Elliott A. & Christie D.A. (2006) Handbook of the Birds of the World. Volume 11. Old World Flycatchers to Old World Warblers'' Lynx Edicions, Barcelona
External links
Roberts's warbler - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds.
Roberts's warbler
Birds of East Africa
Fauna of Zimbabwe
Fauna of Mozambique
Robert's warbler
Robert's warbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Fauna of South Africa
Endemic fauna of South Africa
Andriamanjato is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Ny Hasina Andriamanjato, Malagasy politician, son of Richard
Richard Andriamanjato (1930–2013), Malagasy politician
The following list is a partially completed compilation of events considered to have a profound effect on the welfare or image of Tamil sexual minorities. The use of bold typeface indicates that the event is widely considered to be landmark:
Timeline
3rd century BC to c. 4th century AD
Tamil Sangam literature refers to relationships between two men and explores the lives of trans women in the Aravan cult in Koovagam village in Tamil Nadu.
1800s
1862: The colonial law criminalizing homosexual sex is implemented by Lord Thomas Macaulay through the Indian Penal Code in British India and the Straits Settlements.
1990s
1986: Screening of My Beautiful Laundrette at British Council where same-sex love is depicted on the big screen for the first time in Chennai.
1990: Tamil Nadu government forcibly tested several hundred sex workers and then locked up 800 infected women for several months.
1993: Publication of Robert Oostvogels and Sunil Menon's mimeograph Men Who Have Sex With Men-Assessment of situation in Madras was prepared for the government of Tamil Nadu
1993: Sekar Balasubramaniam, a volunteer for Community AIDS Network (CAN), comes out as gay and HIV-positive.
1998: Sahodaran, first group for sexual minorities formed in Chennai.
1999: Mailing list gaychennai started on yahoogroups.com as the first list for the Chennai gay community.
1999: The essay 'Queer Madras of the mid-80s' circulated on Indian LGBT lists.
2000s
2003: Movenpick group formed, later renamed Orinam, and mailing list started.
2004: First Chennai LGBT film festival, Alliance-Francaise and SAATHII, with volunteer support from Orinam.
2005: The Many Colours of Love: LGBT documentary festival, Alliance Francaise and SAATHII, with volunteer support from Orinam.
2006: Conference on third gender organized by Nalamdana.
2006: The website Orinam.net is launched.
2006: March for transgender rights while legislative assembly is in session in Tamil Nadu, organized by Sangama, THAA, SWAM, and other groups. Catalyzed Tamil Nadu government initiatives for transgender welfare.
2006: Suicide by self-immolation of transgender teenager Pandiammal/Pandian, sexually abused by Chennai police.
2007: Madras High Court ruling in Jayalakshmi vs. State of Tamil Nadu by AP Shah.
2007: Sangama establishes Chennai chapter.
2007: Police advocacy on sexuality issues initiated by Tamil Nadu AIDS Control Society, implemented by community groups.
2007: Shakti Resource Centre formed and organizes film series - Desire and Sexuality at the LV Prasad Film and TV Academy.
2008: Rose Venkatesan becomes the first transgender woman talk show host on Chennai television.
2008: Double-suicide of Christy and Rukmini.
2008: Peer-counseling preparatory workshop (4 sessions: June 8, June 15, June 22, July 6) of Shakthi Resource Centre in collaboration with Sahayatrika, Sahodaran, Orinam/MP, and Lotus Sangam.
2008: Aravani (Transgender) Welfare Board constituted by state government.
2009
A same-sex wedding is held in South Africa according to Hindu rites.
Thirunangai.net, the world's first matrimonial website for trans women, is launched by Kalki Subramaniam of the Sahodari Foundation.
Peer-counseling multi-weekend course of Shakthi Resource Centre and Center for Counseling.
Public screening of Milk, organized by the U.S. Consulate at Film Chamber, as part of the Oscars film festival.
The High Court of Delhi suspends the colonial-era law banning homosexuality.
The Hindu Council of Britain announces that Hinduism does not condemn homosexuality.
The Hindu, national newspaper published from Chennai, features editorial in support of LGBT rights post-Naz decision.
First Chennai Rainbow Pride March.
Campaign for Open Minds launched.
Chennai Rainbow Coalition started.
First meet for parents of LGBT people in Chennai organised by Center for Counseling.
Reverend George Zachariah delivers inspiring sermon at Gurukul Chapel calling on Christians to be inclusive of LGBT people.
Transgender woman, Narthaki Nataraj, conferred Nrityachoodamani title by Krishna Gana Sabha.
2010s
2010
First edition of 'Our Children'/'Nam Kuzhanthaigal' booklet for parents of LGBT children released by Orinam.
Chennai Dost formed.
Launch of Tamil edition of the Love That Dare Speak Its Name post-377 anthology by Sangama Chennai.
RIOV, a social group for lesbians and bisexual women.
September: Skandaraj Navaratnam is murdered by former partner and serial killer Bruce McArthur in Toronto, Canada.
2011
Srishti Madurai formed as India's first student volunteer LGBTQIA educational research foundation.
Maatruveli (மாற்றுவெளி), a Tamil academic journal brings out a special issue on sexuality, guest edited by Ponni and Aniruddhan Vasudevan.
Chennai Dost website launched.
Chemistry Club campus groups launched by Chennai Dost.
Public protests against homophobic remarks made by Union Health Minister Ghulam Nabi Azad.
Srishti Madurai launches India's first helpline for Genderqueer, LGBTQIA at Madurai.
2012
Asia's first Genderqueer pride parade and Alan Turing centenary celebrations commenced at Madurai in July 2012.
Reading group called Orinam's Quilt is launched.
First LGBT education fest for school students launched by Srishti Madurai at Madurai. It was attended by 600 school students.
Gopi Shankar Madurai of Srishti Madurai becomes the youngest panelist to share a chair at the University Grants Commission's sponsored seminars on gender and sexuality that have been taking place in Tamil Nadu since 2012–2014.
2013
First officially sponsored LGBT sensitization event at IIT-Madras.
Chennai Rainbow Film Festival organized by Chennai Dost and Alliance Francaise.
LGBTQ helpline launched by Srishti Madurai begins 24-hour service with tagline "Just having someone understanding to talk to can save a life".
Chennai International Queer Film Festival is organized by a collective of groups - Orinam, Goethe-Institut, RIOV, Nirangal, SAATHII, East-West Center for Counselling, Shakthi Resource Centre, and Oye!Chennai.
The American College in Madurai undergraduate English department includes Funny Boy by Shyam Selvadurai as part of syllabus under gay literature and The Truth about me: A Hijra Life story by A. Revathi under Third Gender literature marginalized studies.
Nirangal registered as an NGO (formerly Sangama Chennai).
The Supreme Court of India rules that constitutional law relating to a ban on gay sex should be required to be subject to a constitutional reform procedures unless superseded by higher law, and restores the colonial era law banning gay sex.
Orinam launches 377archives.
2014
First book on genderqueer in Tamil and first Tamil book on LGBTQIA from Srishti Madurai released by BJP's state general secretary Vanathi Srinivasan at the Hindu spiritual service foundation's sixth service fair, Chennai.
Orinam launches 377letters, an online archive of letters to the Chief Justice of India opposing the Supreme Court verdict.
First homophobic rally in Chennai by Christians Against Homosexuality collective.
Christians Against Homophobia started in response to the Christians Against Homosexuality collective. Mailing list goes national.
Madras High Court ruling on 17 April in Jackuline Mary vs. The Superintendent of Police, Karur cites NALSA to grant recognition to a police constable's right to self-identify as a woman and condemns physical/medical testing.
Tamil Nadu Rainbow Coalition formed.
Nir, a queer feminist collective, formed.
Vannam, IIT Madras queer collective formed.
A month-long celebration commences in October to celebrate LGBT History Month at The American College in Madurai with a lecture on gender and sexual minorities organised by Srishti Madurai.
2015
Tamil movie "I" by Shankar released with transphobic depictions leading to community protests throughout state.
Thirunangai (trans woman) Bhavana sexually assaulted by Pulianthope police after detention for an alleged crime.
Chennai Rainbow Film Festival 2015 is organized by Chennai Dost on June 26–28.
Jawaharlal Nehru University, New Delhi, starts offering "Others" option in the gender column of the application form due to the efforts of Gopi Shankar Madurai of Srishti Madurai and the student community at JNU.
Srishti Madurai urges Lok Sabha MP's to include intersex people in a bill to protect the rights of trans people.
Tamil Nadu LGBTIQ community organizes online campaign for HIV Awareness.
2016
Activist Gopi Shankar Madurai makes a bid to contest as one of the youngest candidates in the Tamil Nadu Assembly election and also the first openly Intersex and Genderqueer person to do so. He secured 14th place out of 21 candidates by securing 1% vote.
Madras High Court questions the Centre on abysmal state of LGBT rights in India.
Community gathering, candlelight vigil, and press meet leading up to Supreme Court decision on Curative Petition on 31 January.
Srishti Madurai's new website is launched by Dalit activist and Ambedkarite Ma. Venkatesan from BJP in the presence of Central Minister Pon Radhakrishnan, Vanathi Srinivasan, Aravindan Neelakandan, Joe D'Cruz, and Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh volunteers at Chennai.
Community gathering and press meet for trans inclusion in political parties campaigning in state elections.
Queer and Allies Art Festival (QAAF) performances in Chennai, organized by MIST.
LGBT activists hold candlelight vigil in Chennai for Orlando victims.
Panel discussion exploring the intersections between violence against women and violence targeting LGBTIQA+ communities at the fourth edition of Reel Desires, Chennai International Queer Film Festival 2016.
Srishti Madurai, along with Tamil Nadu Theological Seminary in Madurai, a conglomerate of the Church of South India, and the Lutheran Church organize an introductory seminar for church pastors on LGBT issues.
Gopi Shankar Madurai of Srishti Madurai shortlisted for The Commonwealth Youth Worker Award as regional finalist for Asia.
2017
LGBT Workplace: Expanding the Dialogue in India, an event that brought together employers, employees, and activists to address challenges faced by the LGBTQ community.
The Gabrielle Show – Chennai's first drag show.
Community gathering and discussion on online safety and harassment held as part of Chennai Rainbow Pride month.
First-of-its-kind Tamil Lesbian Anthem as part of a documentary titled, Ladies And Gentle Women.
The Supreme Court of Sri Lanka proclaims that it would be inappropriate to impose custodial sentences in a situation where two parties have consensual sex even when criminalized by law.
2019
The Madras High Court (Madurai Bench) passes a landmark judgment upholding the marriage rights of transgender and intersex women under Hindu Marriage Law and issues direction to ban sex-selective surgeries on intersex infants based on the works of Gopi Shankar. The Court took note of the rampant practice of compulsory sex reassignment surgeries performed on intersex infants and children. The court expressed its gratitude to Shankar, noting that his work has been a "humbling and enlightening experience for the Court."
References
Tamil
Sexuality in Asia
Caral Elizabeth Spangler ( ) (; is an American government official who has served as the Assistant Secretary of the Army (Financial Management and Comptroller) since August 17, 2021.
Early life and education
Spangler was born in Mankato, Minnesota. She earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in economics with honor from the School of Business at Michigan State University in 1980. She then obtained a Master of Public Administration degree from the Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs at Syracuse University in 1981.
Career
Spangler began her career in the office of the Assistant Secretary of the Navy (Financial Management and Comptroller). She then worked in the office of the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) and as a legislative aide for Congressman Norman Mineta of California. She later worked in the offices of the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force and Assistant Secretary of the Army (Financial Management and Comptroller), specializing in finance and budget issues. She served as acting auditor general of the United States Navy and acting assistant secretary of the United States Army.
Army Nomination
President Joe Biden nominated Spangler as Assistant Secretary of the Army (Financial Management and Comptroller) on June 3, 2021. She was approved the Senate Armed Services Committee on August 7 and confirmed by the entire Senate on August 9 by voice vote. She was sworn in on August 17, 2021.
References
Living people
People from Mankato, Minnesota
Eli Broad College of Business alumni
Michigan State University alumni
Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs alumni
United States Department of Defense officials
Biden administration personnel
Year of birth missing (living people)
Edward Taylor (24 June 1774 – 22 June 1843) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1807 to 1812.
Life
Taylor was the son of Rev. Edward Taylor of Bifrons, Patrixbourne, Kent and his wife Margaret Payler, daughter of Thomas Turner Payler of Ileden, who died at Brussels in 1780; General Herbert Taylor was his brother. He was educated in Baden from 1783 to 1788. He matriculated at Merton College, Oxford in 1793.
Taylor had a small country house Rowling near Canterbury where he was visited in 1794 by the novelist Jane Austen and her sister Cassandra. Austen became enamoured of Taylor, who had "such beautiful dark eyes", writing two years later "We went by Bifrons and I contemplated with a melancholy pleasure the abode of Him, on whom I once fondly doted." In 1800, Taylor was a captain in the Romney fencible dragoons.
In 1807, Taylor was elected Member of Parliament (MP) for Canterbury. He held the seat to 1812.
Taylor died aged 68.
Family
Taylor married Louisa Beckingham, daughter of Rev. John Charles Beckingham of Bourne House, Kent in 1802. They had six sons and six daughters.
References
External links
1843 deaths
1774 births
Jane Austen
UK MPs 1807–1812
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for English constituencies
The history of public transport authorities in Manchester details the various organisations that have been responsible for the public transport network in and around Manchester, England, since 1824.
Timeline
On 1 January 1824, the first horse bus service started by John Greenwood, the proprietor of the Pendleton Toll Gates
On 1 March 1865, the Manchester Carriage Company was formed which brought together a number of horse-bus operators in the Manchester area.
In 1880 this became the Manchester Carriage and Tramways Company with some further consolidation, including the Manchester Suburban Tramways Company.
On 7 June 1901, Manchester Corporation Tramways Department started electric tram operations, as the public operation. The former Carriage Company was wound up in 1903
In 1929 the name was changed to Manchester Corporation Transport Department to reflect the changing to motor buses
In mid-1966 the name of this public operation was changed to Manchester City Transport. The 24 hour clock was adopted in 1967.
On 1 November 1969, control of Manchester City Transport and other surrounding council transport departments were transferred to South East Lancashire North East Cheshire Passenger Transport Executive (SELNEC PTE).
On 1 April 1974, SELNEC'S operating name became Greater Manchester Transport, and its coverage was expanded. Its operations were directed from three divisional offices (central east, central north west and central south); and eight district offices: Bolton, Bury, Leigh, Oldham, Rochdale, Stockport, Tameside and Wigan.
During 1974 Greater Manchester Transport was rebranded as the Greater Manchester Passenger Transport Executive (GMPTE). This lasted until 2011.
On 27 February 1986, Greater Manchester Transport's bus operation was transferred to a separate entity, Greater Manchester Buses Limited, to comply with the Transport Act 1985, adopting the GM Buses trading name.
On 13 December 1993, GM Buses was further split into GMB North and GMB South on an approximate geographic basis. Just under four months later they were sold to employee buy out teams.
In February 1996, GMB South was sold to Stagecoach Group, becoming Stagecoach Manchester.
In March 1996, GMB North was sold to First Bus, eventually becoming First Greater Manchester.
In April 2011. GMPTE became Transport for Greater Manchester (TfGM).
References
Political timelines
Transport in Manchester
Public transport authorities
History of transport in Greater Manchester
Shenieka Paul is a Trinidad and Tobago footballer who plays as a midfielder. She has been a member of the Trinidad and Tobago women's national team.
International career
Paul represented Trinidad and Tobago at the 2014 CONCACAF Girls' U-15 Championship, the 2016 CONCACAF Women's U-17 Championship qualification and the 2018 CONCACAF Women's U-20 Championship. At senior level, she capped during the 2018 CFU Women's Challenge Series.
International goals
Scores and results list Trinidad and Tobago' goal tally first.
References
Living people
Women's association football midfielders
Trinidad and Tobago women's footballers
Trinidad and Tobago women's international footballers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Unilever Australasia is the Australian and New Zealand subsidiary company of British FMCG company Unilever. The 3 divisions of the company are Home & Personal Care, Foods (excluding Ice Cream) and Ice Cream. The company is headquartered in Epping, Sydney, Australia, and has factories located in North Rocks (Sydney, NSW, Australia), Minto (Sydney, NSW, Australia), Tatura (Melbourne, VIC, Australia) and Petone (Wellington, WGN, New Zealand). Most of the HPC and foods products sold are similar to those sold by Unilever in other Western countries, whilst the ice cream subsidiary company is Streets, which is the largest ice cream company in Australia.
References
Food and drink companies based in Sydney
Manufacturing companies based in Sydney
Unilever companies
Australian subsidiaries of foreign companies
"Jingle Bells/U Can't Touch This" is a Crazy Frog cover of the Christmas song "Jingle Bells" and a cover of "U Can't Touch This", (originally by MC Hammer). In Australia, Belgium, France, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Spain, and Sweden, a cover of Wham!'s "Last Christmas" instead of "U Can't Touch This" was added as an A-side and issued as "Jingle Bells/Last Christmas".
"Jingle Bells/Last Christmas" was the more successful of the two versions, as it was released in late November 2005 to coincide with the Christmas holiday period. It peaked atop the charts of New Zealand and Spain and was also a top-five hit in Australia, Belgium, and France. In France, its 2005 sales were estimated to 84,367. "Jingle Bells/U Can't Touch This" was released in the British Isles instead, peaking at number five on the UK Singles Chart and number 11 in Ireland.
Music videos
"U Can't Touch This"
The video shows a shortened version of the events of Popcorn.
"Jingle Bells"
The video starts with the Crazy Frog playing in the snow with the bounty hunter robot from previous clips (in some clips, Crazy Frog's genitals are censored). It then shows flashbacks from clips of "Axel F," the Hall of Mirrors video, and the Crazy DJ clip, then more of the "Axel F" clip. The flashbacks end, and the bounty hunter robot begins to throw a snowball at the frog. But instead he kisses the bounty hunter robot, and his lips get stuck to him, until the robot pulls him off. They then make snow angels and a message reads "Have a ding dong Christmas, everyone!"
Track listings
UK
"Jingle Bells" (radio mix)
"U Can't Touch This" (video mix) - 2:04
"Jingle Bells" (club vocal mix)
"I Like To Move It" (club mix)
Enhanced Section:
"Jingle Bells" (video)
"U Can't Touch This" (video)
"Jingle Bells" (U-MYX format)
Australia
"Jingle Bells" - 2:37
"Last Christmas" - 3:22
"U Can't Touch This" - 3:17
France
"Jingle Bells" (single mix) — 2:37
"Jingle Bells" (new club mix) — 5:21
"Jingle Bells" (new vocal mix) — 5:21
"Last Christmas" (single mix) — 3:22
Charts
All entries charted as "Jingle Bells/Last Christmas", except where noted.
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
References
2005 singles
Crazy Frog songs
Number-one singles in New Zealand
Number-one singles in Spain
Swedish Christmas songs
Warner Music Group singles
Satomi's pygmy seahorse (Hippocampus satomiae) is the smallest known seahorse in the world with an average length of and an approximate height of .
This member of the family Syngnathidae is found at the Derawan Islands off Kalimantan. This species name, H. satomiae, is in honour of Satomi Onishi, the dive guide who collected the type specimens.
Hippocampus satomiae was selected as one of "The Top 10 New Species" described in 2009 by The International Institute for Species Exploration at Arizona State University and an international committee of taxonomists. The specific name honours Miss Satomi Onishi, a dive guide, who collected the type specimens.
References
Hippocampus (genus)
Taxa named by Rudie Hermann Kuiter
Fish described in 2008
"L'Équipe à Jojo" is a song by Joe Dassin from his 1970 album Joe Dassin (La Fleur aux dents). In 1971 it was released as a single.
Writing and composition
The song was written and composed by Claude Lemesle. He wrote it when he was just 25 and still feels a particular tenderness towards it. Lemesle recalled to Le Figaro:
Commercial performance
Unlike the album Joe Dassin (La Fleur aux dents), the single "L'Équipe à Jojo" didn't sell well.
Track listing
7" single CBS 7151 (1971)
A. "L'équipe à Jojo" (3:08)
B. "Le Portugais" (2:40)
Cover versions
The song was covered by Les Objets on the various-artists compilation album L'équipe à JoJo – Les Chansons de Joe Dassin par... (1993).
References
External links
Joe Dassin – "L'équipe à Jojo / Le Portugais" at Discogs
1970 songs
1971 singles
Joe Dassin songs
French songs
CBS Disques singles
Songs written by Claude Lemesle
Song recordings produced by Jacques Plait
In computer software, Orac is a classical molecular dynamics program, to simulate complex molecular systems at the atomistic level. In 1989-1990, the code was written originally by Massimo Marchi during his stay at International Business Machines (IBM), Kingston (USA). In 1995, the code was developed further at the Centre européen de calcul atomique et moléculaire (CECAM). It is written in the programming language Fortran. In 1997, it was released under a GNU General Public License (GPL). The latest release of Orac may be run in parallel using the standard Message Passing Interface (MPI) libraries, allowing replica exchange simulations, multiple walkers metadynamics simulations and multiple steered molecular dynamics nonequilibrium trajectories.
See also
Comparison of software for molecular mechanics modeling
References
External links
, Università di Firenze, IT
Fortran software
Molecular dynamics software
These are the results of 2021 BWF World Senior Championships' 75+ events. Due to the only one entry, the women's doubles event remain cancelled.
Men's singles
Paweł Gasz (Silver medalist)
Matthias Kiefer (Bronze medalist)
Ian Brothers (Quarter-finals)
Knut Sverre Liland (Second Round)
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Top half
Section 3
Section 4
Women's singles
Seed
Elvira Richter (Silver medalist)
Draw
Men's doubles
Seeds
Paweł Gasz / Czesław Gwiazda (Bronze medalists)
Ian Brothers / Ray Sharp (Gold medalists)
Group A
Group B
Finals
Mixed doubles
Seeds
Paweł Gasz / Beryl Goodall (Withdrew)
Heini Johannesen / Maria Caridad Romero (Group stage)
Group A
Group B
Finals
References
Men's singles
Women's singles
Men's doubles
Mixed doubles
2021 BWF World Senior Championships
Bruce Graham Charlton is a retired British medical doctor who was Visiting Professor of Theoretical Medicine at the University of Buckingham. Until April 2019, he was Reader in Evolutionary Psychiatry at Newcastle University. Charlton was editor of the controversial and non-peer reviewed journal Medical Hypotheses from 2003 to 2010.
Biography
Charlton graduated with honours from the Newcastle Medical School in Newcastle upon Tyne, took a doctorate at the Medical Research Council Neuroendocrinology group, and did postgraduate training in psychiatry and public health. He has held university lectureships in physiology, anatomy, epidemiology, and psychology; and holds a master's degree in English literature from Durham University in North East England. His thesis, a study of the work of Alasdair Gray, was completed in 1989.
From 2003 to 2010, Charlton was the solo-editor of the journal Medical Hypotheses, published by Elsevier. After HIV/AIDS denier Peter Duesberg published a paper in Medical Hypothesis arguing that “there is as yet no proof that HIV causes AIDS", the journal came under fire for its lack of peer review. The paper was withdrawn from the journal citing concerns over the paper's quality and “that [it] could potentially be damaging to global public health.” Elsevier consequently revamped the journal to introduce peer review, firing Charlton from his position as editor, due to his resistance to these changes.
At October 2012, a worldwide campaign including 198 researchers published a critical paper defending Charlton and the idea of editorial review.
Publications
Charlton has published a number of books, and maintains various blogs.
with RS Downie, The making of a doctor: medical education in theory and practice (1993)
Psychiatry and the Human Condition (2000; online copy)
with Peter Andras, The Modernization Imperative (2003; online copy)
Thought Prison: the fundamental nature of political correctness (2011; online copy)
Not even trying: the corruption of real science (2012; online copy)
Addicted to Distraction: Psychological consequences of the modern Mass Media (2014; online copy)
with Edward Dutton, The Genius Famine: why we need geniuses, why they're dying out, and why we must rescue them (2016; online copy)
See also
Evolutionary psychiatry
Evolutionary medicine
Bryan Caplan
Steve Sailer
David Pearce
References
External links
Bruce Charlton's Notions
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Academics of the University of Buckingham
Academics of Newcastle University
Medical journal editors
Alumni of Newcastle University
21st-century English medical doctors
British medical researchers
British psychiatrists
Alumni of University College, Durham
MiMA, a stylized abbreviation of "Magical Island of Many Amenities", is a mixed-use building located at 450 West 42nd Street between Dyer and 10th Avenues in the Hell's Kitchen neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City. Ground was broken in 2007 and topping out occurred in early August 2010. It was designed by the Miami-based architecture firm of Arquitectonica, and has 43 floors of luxury rentals on floors 7 to 50, twelve floors of condominiums on floors 51 to 63, and a Yotel hotel on the lower levels. At 638 feet (194 m), it is the 101st tallest building in New York.
The building was developed by The Related Companies and Stephen M. Ross, the company's founder, chairman and CEO, stated that the project "has been well received because of the amenity package...", which includes a private health club, an outdoor movie theatre, and Dog City, a dog run and full pet spa. MiMA is also one of the first buildings to have a distribution antenna system which improves cell phone service and reception throughout the building.
In 2012, the Signature Theatre Company opened The Pershing Square Signature Center, designed by Frank Gehry, inside the MiMA Building. The center consists of three theatre spaces, two studios, a shared lobby with a café and bar, bookshop, and concierge desk, and administrative offices that span 70,000 contiguous square feet.
In 2022 The UPS Store opened on the W 42nd street retail section to serve the residence and the community. The UPS Store provides the building a shipping center as well as a business center allowing residence and locals to cover all their printing needs.
2022 saw the Nicol Squash open on the W 42nd street retail section. Nicol Squash is an indoor squash court with 5 full size squash courts. Nicol Squash offers squash courts and lessons for adults and children. Nicol Squash also offers squash camp for kids as well as parties for all ages.
MiMA's advertising campaign, carried out primarily on ads on bus shelters, suggested that "MiMA" was yet another Manhattan neighborhood acronym, like SoHo and TriBeCa.
See also
List of the tallest buildings in New York City
References
External links
Residential skyscrapers in Manhattan
Condominiums and housing cooperatives in Manhattan
Postmodern architecture in the United States
Hell's Kitchen, Manhattan
42nd Street (Manhattan)
Residential buildings completed in 2011
Buildings developed by the Related Companies
2011 establishments in New York City
The Armstrong Siddeley Screamer was a British rocket engine intended to power the Avro 720 manned interceptor aircraft (Avro's competitor to the Saunders-Roe SR.53 for a rocket-powered interceptor). Thrust was variable, up to a maximum of .
Design and development
Work on the Screamer started in 1946, with the first static test at Armstrong Siddeley's rocket plant at Ansty in March 1954. The programme was cancelled, as was the Avro 720, before flight testing.
In 1951, a Gloster Meteor F.8 was experimentally fitted with a Screamer mounted below the fuselage.
The Screamer project was cancelled in March 1956, at a reported total cost of £650,000.
Engines on display
A preserved Screamer is part of the engine collection on display at the Rolls-Royce Heritage Trust in Derby.
Specifications
See also
References
External links
Aircraft rocket engines
Armstrong Siddeley rocket engines
MC Tee Vee was a music program that was broadcast on Australia's SBS TV television network in the early- to mid-1990s. It was a 30-minute dance music video showcase hosted by Annette Shun Wah.
The program was the first, and to this day the only, Australian music program dedicated to dance, rap and house music.
See also
List of Australian music television shows
Australian music television series
Special Broadcasting Service original programming
1990s Australian television series
Kanglei Yawol Kanna Lup (or Kanglei Yaol Kanba Lup) is a Meitei separatist group in the state of Manipur in India formed in January 1994 by the unification of splinter groups like Ibopishak faction of the Kangleipak Communist Party (KCP) along with United National Liberation Front (UNLF) led by Namoijam Oken and the People's Revolutionary Party of Kangleipak (PREPAK) led by Meiraba. It was banned by the Government of India.
References
1994 establishments in Manipur
Insurgency in Northeast India
Left-wing militant groups in India
Manipur politicians
Organisations designated as terrorist by India
Organizations designated as terrorist in Asia
Political parties established in 1994
Tylopaedia is a butterfly genus in the family Lycaenidae. It is monotypic containing only the species Tylopaedia sardonyx, the king copper, which is found in South Africa and Namibia.
The wingspan is 32–40 mm for males and 35–50 mm females. Adults are on wing from August to December and from January to April in two generations per year.
The larvae feed on Aspalathus spinosa, Phylica olaefolia, and Euclea undulata.
Subspecies
Tylopaedia sardonyx sardonyx (eastern Western Cape to Namaqualand and near Karuman in the Northern Cape, north into Botswana, east to the Eastern Cape and the Free State)
Tylopaedia sardonyx peringueyi (Dickson, 1969) (Western Cape)
Tylopaedia sardonyx cerita Henning & Henning, 1998 (central Namibia)
References
Aphnaeinae
Monotypic butterfly genera
Lycaenidae genera
Talco may refer to:
The Tajik Aluminium Company, abbreviated as TALCO
Talco, Texas
Talco (band)
Hans Hirschfeld (20 March 1873 in Berlin – 26 August 1944) was a German-Jewish hematologist.
Biography
He studied medicine at the University of Berlin (1891-97), and following graduation began his residency at Moabit Hospital-Berlin. From 1910 he worked at the cancer institute of the Berlin-Charité. In 1919 he obtained his habilitation with a thesis on pernicious anemia, becoming a professor in 1922.
After enforcement of the Nazi edict, Gesetz zur Wiederherstellung des Berufsbeamtentums (1933), Hirschfeld was forced into taking early leave, later losing his teaching licence and his right to practice medicine. In October 1942 he was deported to the Theresienstadt concentration camp, where he died on 26 August 1944.
Hirschfeld was the author of many publications in the fields of hematology and histology. He is known for his studies of blood diseases and his research on the pathology of the spleen. With hematologist Artur Pappenheim (1870-1916) he conducted studies involving microscopic differentiation of blood cells.
He was an editor of several hematological journals, including the "Folia Haematologica". He was an early member of the Hämatologischen Gesellschaft, predecessor of the Deutschen Gesellschaft für Hämatologie und Onkologie (German Society for Hematology and Oncology (DGHO).
Selected writings
Die Erkrankungen der Milz, 1920 -- diseases of the spleen
Morphologische Hämatologie, 1919 (with Artur Pappenheim 1870-1916)-- morphological hematology
Lehrbuch der Blutkrankheiten für Ärzte und Studierende, 1928 -- Textbook of blood disorders for physicians and students.
Handbuch der Allgemeinen Hämatologie, 1932 (with Anton Hittmair 1892-1986)-- Textbook of general hematology.
References
This article is based on a translation of an equivalent article at the German Wikipedia, namely: Stolperstein für Hans Hirschfeld at "Deutschen Gesellschaft für Hämatologie und Onkologie".
World Cat Identities (bibliography)
1873 births
1944 deaths
19th-century German Jews
Physicians from Berlin
German hematologists
German people who died in the Theresienstadt Ghetto
Android Go products were first showcased at MWC 2018 with six products: Nokia 1, ZTE Tempo Go, Alcatel 1X, GM8 Go, Lava Z50 and Bharat Go. The Blu Vivo Go became the first Android Go device with Android Pie Go edition.
List
References
Android (operating system) devices
Computing comparisons
Google lists
Lists of mobile phones
The Association of Professional Financial Advisers or APFA is a trade association made up of financial advisers across the United Kingdom. It is currently chaired by Lord Deben.
History
APFA formed in 1999 as the Association of Independent Financial Advisers or AIFA. They formed under the basis from a proposal that there would be a single trade association to represent independent financial advisers. Lord Hunt of Wirral was at the chair of the body until his resignation in 2002. He was replaced in 2003 by John Gummer MP, who was awarded a peerage in the 2010 Dissolution Honours List.
In November 2012, the association changed its name from Association of Independent Financial Advisers to Association of Professional Financial Advisers. The change was ratified following a vote at the organisation's annual general meeting, and meant that APFA from then on would represent financial advisers who are independent or restricted. The decision was taken so it would enable APFA to continue representing members affected by the rule changes in the Retail Distribution Review.
Structure
APFA has a membership of financial advisers for whom they represent. Members are also invited to join the APFA Council. The APFA Council discusses policy issues and acts as a platform of discussion between the organisation and its membership.
In 2003 the Association of Mortgage Intermediaries or AMI was formed as a subsidiary company of the then AIFA. There was a subsequent split in 2012 whereby they both became individual entities.
Function
The Association of Professional Financial Advisers specialises in the financial services sector. It represents the collective interests of its membership. The association campaigns in the interest of the financial adviser community and lobbies regulators and the government both at a national and a European level.
References
External links
Financial Advisor
Financial advisors
Business and finance professional associations
William Vizard (1774–1859) was an English lawyer, known for his role in the 1820 trial of Queen Caroline.
Life
He was born in Dursley, Gloucestershire, the son of William Vizard (died 1807), a solicitor there, and his wife, Ann Phelps. He went to London in 1790 and worked for his articles under Thomas Lewis of Gray's Inn Square, an attorney of the Court of Exchequer.
In 1797 Vizard went in practice on his own account as a solicitor in Holborn Square. This office became a law firm that was the ancestor of Vizard Oldham Brooke Blain (Vizards). After further corporate changes, it became part of Veale Wasbrough Vizards LLP, trading as VWV. For a period the firm traded as Vizard & Lemans of Lincoln's Inn Fields, where Vizard was in partnership with James Leman (1793–1876), Henry Leman and William Leman.
Through Thomas Creevey, Vizard encountered Whig politicians. He worked with Henry Brougham to have the Orders in Council (1807) repealed, on behalf of a group of merchants of Liverpool and Manchester, from 1807 to 1812.
From around 1812, Vizard became active in Whig politics, initially as an unsuccessful candidate at in the 1812 general election. It was at this period that he was appointed solicitor to Caroline, Princess of Wales, at Brougham's suggestion. She was largely absent from the United Kingdom, from 1814.
When George IV came to the throne in 1820, he attempted to impose "pain and penalties" on his wife Queen Caroline, by means of a bill in the House of Lords to dissolve their marriage. Vizard defended the Queen, by organising opposition to the bill's second reading. This took place from August to November 1820. The defence was successful, and Vizard announced the bill's withdrawal from the balcony of the House of Lords.
In later years, Vizard was a legal reformer, proposing changes in the 1820s to the Court of Chancery. When Brougham was Lord Chancellor, from 1830, Vizard worked on his reform of bankruptcy. He died at Little Faringdon on 15 January 1859.
Notes
1774 births
1859 deaths
English solicitors
People from Gloucestershire
Pitkämäki (Finnish; Långbacka in Swedish) is a district of the city of Turku, in Finland. It is located in the southeast of the city, and consists of several residential suburbs and industrial area. Pitkämäki is the only district in Turku to be divided among three different wards: the industrial area belongs to the City Centre ward, the high-density residential area of Suikkila to Kuninkoja, and the low-density residential area of Muhkuri to Naantalintie.
The current () population of Pitkämäki is 2,886, and it is decreasing at an annual rate of 0.28%. 13.17% of the district's population are under 15 years old, while 23.11% are over 65. The district's linguistic makeup is 93.66% Finnish, 5.02% Swedish, and 1.32% other.
See also
Districts of Turku
Districts of Turku by population
Districts of Turku
is a truss cantilever bridge across Tokyo Bay in Kōtō, Tokyo, Japan. It opened on 12 February 2012 with an estimated total construction cost of for the Stage II section of highway including the bridge.
History
Part of a new four-lane highway ringing Tokyo, construction began in 2002 and was scheduled for completion in 2011, but the opening to traffic was delayed until 2012. With the provisional name of the public was asked for suggestions. From the 12,223 received, "Tokyo Gate Bridge" was chosen and officially announced on 15 November 2010.
Design
The design fulfils the requirement to be high enough to allow large ships to pass underneath, but low enough not to interfere with air traffic to the nearby Haneda Airport. It is a double cantilever bridge, which means that the truss sections from either side can be completed in balance, and then joined by the addition of the relatively short central span. The resemblance of the bridge to two monsters facing off has given it the nickname of
Gallery
Others
Visitors can take an elevator to the sidewalk on this bridge and walk on the sidewalk from Wakasu to Central Breakwater. But, you can only take an elevator to the sidewalk and the ground from Wakasu Gate, because Central Breakwater Gate is closed, so you cannot take an elevator to sidewalk and ground from Central Breakwater.
If you want to only see the bridge, you go to Wakasu Seaside Park and Central Breakwater.
Access
You can use Wakasu Seaside Park Bus stop which 木31 - Shin-Kiba Station（Toei Bus） passes through.
You can also use Central Breakwater Bus stop which 波01 - Tokyo Teleport Station（Toei Bus）passes through.
※From Central Breakwater gate you cannot walk on the bridge.
References
External links
Official Tokyo Metropolitan Government page about the bridge
Truss bridges
Cantilever bridges
Bridges in Japan
Bridges completed in 2012
Buildings and structures in Koto, Tokyo
Christoffer Kläfford (born 10 April 1989) is a Swedish singer, born in Ramsberg, Sweden.
Career
Kläfford began his music career performing for 10 years in small bars. In 2017, however, Kläfford won the thirteenth season of the Swedish Idol series. Kläfford has a total of three top five singles on national radio in a year and more than 35 million streams, platinum sales and sold-out concerts. He's the only winner having both the #1 and #7 most streaming singles at the same time. In the summer of 2018, he embarked on a tour consisting of 50 shows in Sweden. In 2019, Kläfford toured in Sweden together with the band Gyllene Tider on their farewell tour.
Kläfford participated in the 14th series of America's Got Talent, broadcast in 2019, where his first song choice was John Lennons "Imagine", which he also sang in the Idol finale. His performance of "Imagine" is one of the most viewed videos on his YouTube channel. He was eliminated in the semifinals.
Discography
Extended plays
Singles
Other charted songs
References
21st-century Swedish singers
21st-century Swedish male singers
Living people
1989 births
America's Got Talent contestants
Idol (Swedish TV series) winners
People from Örebro
USS Katherine K. (SP-220) was a United States Navy patrol vessel and tug in commission from 1917 to 1919.
History
Katherine K. was built as a civilian tug of the same name in 1894 by M. D. Battomer at Baltimore, Maryland. The U.S. Navy acquired Katherine K. from her owner, Samuel H. Freas of Miami, Florida on 9 June 1917 for World War I service as a tug and patrol vessel. She was enrolled in the Naval Coast Defense Reserve on 16 June 1917, delivered to the Navy at Key West, Florida, on 10 July 1917, and commissioned as USS Katherine K. (SP-220) on 7 September 1917.
Assigned as a section patrol ship to the 7th Naval District, Katherine K. patrolled the waters in and around Key West and served as a harbor tug and target-towing tug during World War I.
After the war, she was ordered transferred to the United States Coast Guard on 17 March 1919, but this transfer was canceled and on 21 May 1919 she was placed on the list of ships for sale by the Navy. Eugene E. Bates of Key West bought Katherine K., but she was swept away in the 1919 Florida Keys hurricane at Key West on 9–10 September 1919 before the Navy could deliver her to Bates.
References
Department of the Navy: Navy History and Heritage Command: Online Library of Selected Images: U.S. Navy Ships: USS Katherine K (SP-220), 1917-1919. Previously the civilian harbor tug Katherine K (1894)
NavSource Online: Section Patrol Craft Photo Archive: Katherine K. (SP 220)
Tugs of the United States Navy
World War I auxiliary ships of the United States
Patrol vessels of the United States
World War I patrol vessels of the United States
Ships built in Baltimore
1894 ships
Maritime incidents in 1919
Shipwrecks of the Florida Keys
Vladimir Ivanovich Vernadsky () or Volodymyr Ivanovych Vernadsky (; – 6 January 1945) was a Russian, Ukrainian and Soviet mineralogist and geochemist who is considered one of the founders of geochemistry, biogeochemistry, and radiogeology. He was one of the founders and the first president of the Ukrainian Academy of Sciences (now National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine). Vladimir Vernadsky is most noted for his 1926 book The Biosphere in which he inadvertently worked to popularize Eduard Suess' 1885 term biosphere, by hypothesizing that life is the geological force that shapes the earth. In 1943 he was awarded the Stalin Prize. Vernadsky's portrait is depicted on the Ukrainian ₴1,000 hryvnia banknotes.
Early life
Vernadsky was born in Saint Petersburg, Russian Empire, on in the family of the native Kyiv residents Russian Imperial economist Ivan Vernadsky and music instructor Anna Konstantinovich. According to family legend, his father's ancestors were Zaporozhian Cossacks. Ivan Vernadsky had been a professor of political economy in Kyiv at the St. Vladimir University before moving to Saint Petersburg; then he was an Active State Councillor and worked in the Governing Senate in St. Petersburg. Vladimir's mother was a Russian noblewoman of Ukrainian Cossack descent. In 1868 his family relocated to Kharkiv, and in 1873 he entered the Kharkiv provincial gymnasium.
Vernadsky graduated from Saint Petersburg State University in 1885. As the position of mineralogist in Saint Petersburg State University was vacant, and Vasily Dokuchaev, a soil scientist, and Alexey Pavlov, a geologist, had been teaching Mineralogy for a while, Vernadsky chose to enter Mineralogy. He wrote to his wife Nataliia on 20 June 1888 from Switzerland:
In 1888–1890, he traveled through Europe, studying the museums of Paris and London, and worked in Munich and Paris.
While trying to find a topic for his doctorate, he first went to Naples to study under crystallographer Arcangelo Scacchi, who was senile by that time. Scacchi's condition led Vernadsky to go to Germany to study under Paul Groth, curator of minerals in the Deutsches Museum in Munich. Vernadsky learned to use Groth's modern equipment, which included a machine to study the optical, thermal, elastic, magnetic and electrical properties of crystals. He also gained access to the physics lab of Leonhard Sohncke (Direktor, , 1883–1886; Professor der Physik an der Technischen Hochschule München 1886–1897), who was studying crystallisation during that period.
Political activities
Vernadsky participated in the First General Congress of the zemstvos, held in Petersburg on the eve of the 1905 Russian Revolution to discuss how best to pressure the government to the needs of the Russian society; became a member of the liberal Constitutional Democratic Party (KD); and served in parliament, resigning to protest the Tsar's proroguing of the Duma. He served as professor and later than vice rector of Moscow University, from which he also resigned in 1911 in protest over the government's reactionary policies.
Following the advent of the First World War, his proposal for the establishment of the Commission for the Study of the Natural Productive Forces (KEPS) was adopted by the Imperial Academy of Sciences in February 1915. He published War and the Progress of Science where he stressed the importance of science as regards to its contribution to the war effort:
After the war of 1914–1915 we will have to make known and accountable the natural productive forces of our country, i.e. first of all to find means for broad scientific investigations of Russia's nature and for the establishment of a network of well equipped research laboratories, museums and institutions ... This is no less necessary than the need for an improvement in the conditions of our civil and political life, which is so acutely perceived by the entire country.
After the February revolution of 1917, he served on several commissions of agriculture and education of the provisional government, including as assistant minister of education.
Vladimir Vernadsky belonged to the small group of ethnic Ukrainians who had dual "Russian – Ukrainian" identity and considered the Ukrainian culture as part of Russia imperial culture and even declined to become a Ukrainian citizen in 1918.
Scientific activities
Vernadsky first popularized the concept of the noosphere and deepened the idea of the biosphere to the meaning largely recognized by today's scientific community. The word 'biosphere' was invented by Austrian geologist Eduard Suess, whom Vernadsky met in 1911.
In Vernadsky's theory of the Earth's development, the noosphere is the third stage in the earth's development, after the geosphere (inanimate matter) and the biosphere (biological life). Just as the emergence of life fundamentally transformed the geosphere, the emergence of human cognition will fundamentally transform the biosphere. In this theory, the principles of both life and cognition are essential features of the Earth's evolution, and must have been implicit in the earth all along. This systemic and geological analysis of living systems complements Charles Darwin's theory of natural selection, which looks at each individual species, rather than at its relationship to a subsuming principle.
Vernadsky's visionary pronouncements were not widely accepted in the West. However, he was one of the first scientists to recognize that the oxygen, nitrogen and carbon dioxide in the Earth's atmosphere result from biological processes. During the 1920s he published works arguing that living organisms could reshape the planets as surely as any physical force. Vernadsky was an important pioneer of the scientific bases for the environmental sciences.
Vernadsky was a member of the Russian and Soviet Academies of Sciences since 1912 and was a founder and first president of the Ukrainian Academy of Sciences in Kyiv, Ukraine (1918). He was a founder of the National Library of Ukrainian State and worked closely with the Tavrida University in Crimea. During the Russian Civil War, he hosted gatherings of the young intellectuals who later founded the émigré Eurasianism movement.
In the late 1930s and early 1940s Vernadsky played an early advisory role in the Soviet atomic bomb project, as one of the most forceful voices arguing for the exploitation of nuclear power, the surveying of Soviet uranium sources, and having nuclear fission research conducted at his Radium Institute. He died, however, before a full project was pursued.
On religious views, Vernadsky was an atheist. He was interested in Hinduism and Rig Veda.
Vernadsky's son George Vernadsky (1887–1973) emigrated to the United States where he published numerous books on medieval and modern Russian history.
The National Library of Ukraine, the Tavrida National University in Crimea and many streets and avenues in Ukraine and Russia are named in honor of Vladimir Vernadsky.
UNESCO sponsored an international scientific conference, "Globalistics-2013", at Moscow State University on 23–25 October 2013, in honor of Vernadsky's 150th birthday.
Family
Father – Ivan Vernadsky, Russian Imperial economist
Mother – Аnna Konstantinovich, Russian music instructor
Wife – Nataliia Yegorovna Staritskaya (married in 1887 in Saint Petersburg)
Son – George Vernadsky, American Russian historian, an author of numerous books on Russian history and philosophy
Daughter – Nina Toll, Doctor-psychiatrist
Legacy
Vernadsky National Library of Ukraine is the main academic library in Ukraine
Ukrainian Antarctic station Akademik Vernadsky
Tavrida National V.I. Vernadsky University, university in Simferopol
Vernadsky Institute of geochemistry and analytical chemistry, a research institution of the Russian Academy of Sciences
Vernadsky State Geological Museum is the oldest museum in Moscow
Vernadsky Mountain Range is a mountain in Antarctica and is an extension of the Gamburtsev Mountain Range.
Bulvar Akademika Vernadskoho (Academician Vernadsky Boulevard) is a street in Kyiv
Vulytsia Petra Zaporozhtsia (in 1961–1963 vulytsia Akademika Vernadsky) is a street in Kyiv
Vernadskiy (crater), a lunar crater
Vernadsky Medal awarded annually by the International Association of GeoChemistry
2809 Vernadskij, an asteroid
On 25 October 2019 the National Bank of Ukraine put in circulation a ₴1,000 hryvnia banknotes with Vernadsky's portrait.
Selected works
Geochemistry, published in Russian 1924
The Biosphere, first published in Russian in 1926. English translations:
Oracle, AZ, Synergetic Press, 1986, , 86 pp.
tr. David B. Langmuir, ed. Mark A. S. McMenamin, New York, Copernicus, 1997, , 192 pp.
Essays on Geochemistry & the Biosphere, tr. Olga Barash, Santa Fe, NM, Synergetic Press, , 2006
Diaries
Dnevniki 1917–1921: oktyabr 1917-yanvar 1920 (Diaries 1917–1921), Kyiv, Naukova dumka, 1994, , 269 pp.
Dnevniki. Mart 1921-avgust 1925 (Diaries 1921–1925), Moscow, Nauka, 1998, , 213 pp.
Dnevniki 1926–1934 (Diaries 1926–1934), Moscow, Nauka, 2001, , 455 pp.
Dnevniki 1935–1941 v dvukh knigakh. Kniga 1, 1935–1938 (Diaries 1935–1941 in two volumes. Volume 1, 1935–1938), Moscow, Nauka, 2006,,444 pp.
Dnevniki 1935–1941 v dvukh knigakh. Kniga 2, 1939–1941 (Diaries 1935–1941. Volume 2, 1939–1941), Moscow, Nauka, 2006, , 295 pp.
See also
Gaia theory (science)
Noosphere
Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
Prospekt Vernadskogo District
Russian philosophy
References
Bibliography
"Science and Russian Cultures in an Age of Revolutions"
External links
The grave of Vernadsky
Behrends, Thilo, The Renaissance of V.I. Vernadsky, Newsletter of the Geochemical Society, #125, October 2005, http://www.geochemsoc.org/files/4813/4436/8118/gn125.pdf retrieved 27 April 2013
Vernadsky's biography
Electronic archive of writings from and about Vernadsky (Russian) http://vernadsky.lib.ru/
1863 births
1945 deaths
Scientists from Saint Petersburg
People from Sankt-Peterburgsky Uyezd
Russian people of Ukrainian descent
Presidents of the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine
Russian Constitutional Democratic Party members
Members of the State Council (Russian Empire)
Cosmists
Soviet geochemists
Ukrainian geochemists
Russian geochemists
Russian philosophers
Full members of the Saint Petersburg Academy of Sciences
Full Members of the Russian Academy of Sciences (1917–1925)
Full Members of the USSR Academy of Sciences
Ukrainian philosophers
Russian atheists
Russian biologists
Russian mineralogists
Stalin Prize winners
Recipients of the Order of the Red Banner of Labour
Recipients of the Order of Saint Stanislaus (Russian), 2nd class
Recipients of the Order of St. Anna, 2nd class
Russian expatriates in Ukraine
Emigrants from the Russian Empire to Switzerland
Privy Councillor (Russian Empire)
Burials at Novodevichy Cemetery
Russian untitled nobility
Volodya Sirakov (, born 27 August 1953) is a Bulgarian water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
References
1953 births
Living people
Bulgarian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Bulgaria
Water polo players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Timothy Antalfy (born 1 April 1987) is an Australian Paralympic swimmer. He represented Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in swimming and won a bronze medal.
Personal
Antalfy was born on 1 April 1987, and is from Georges Hall, New South Wales. He is legally blind as a result of retinitis pigmentosa, a hereditary disease. Beyond swimming, he also is involved with surfing, waterskiing and wake boarding.
Swimming
Antalfy is a S13 classified swimmer swimming in 100 metre butterflies, 50 metre freestyle and 50 metre freestyle events. He is a member of the Hunters Hill Swimming Club. When at the club, he is trained by Bash Zidan.
Antalfy started competing in 1995. In 2005, he was a member of the MLC Marlins Swim Team where he was coached by John Bladon. As a member of the team, he was the first swimmer to compete at the National Open Short-Course Championship and make the finals. At the competition, he finished fifth in the 50m Butterfly event, with a heat time of 24.56 seconds, semifinals time of 24.49 seconds, and final time of 24.73 seconds. He set personal bests in the 100m Butterfly with a time of 57.74 seconds where he finished 35th overall, the best time in the 50m Freestyle with a time of 23.81 seconds while finishing 38th overall. He won three gold medals and one silver medal at the 2011 Tasmanian State Championships. He broke six world records in four different events during the 2012 Australian national swimming championships.
Antalfy first represented Australia in 2011, competing in the Para Pan Pacific and Arafura Games that year. He earned a gold medal at the Arafura Games in the 50m backstroke event, a silver medal in the 100m butterfly event, and three bronze medals 50m freestyle, 100m freestyle and 50m breaststroke events. He was part of the November 2011 World Cup short course meet in Beijing. That month he also competed in World Cup events in Singapore and Tokyo. As a twenty-five years old, he was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in swimming in the 100m and 50m freestyle, 100m butterfly and 100m backstroke S13 events. In the lead up to the Games, he trained at the Lane Cove Aquatic Leisure Centre. In an average week, he had three total gym sessions and seven sessions in the pool.
At the 2012 Summer Paralympics, he won a bronze medal in the Men's 100 m Butterfly S13. Competing at the 2013 IPC Swimming World Championships in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, he won a bronze medal in the Men's 100 m Butterfly S13. At the 2015 IPC Swimming World Championships, he won a bronze medal in the Men's 100 m Butterfly S13. He finished eighth in the Men's 50m Freestyle S13.
Personal bests
References
External links
Timothy Antalfy at the Australian Paralympic Committee
1987 births
Living people
Australian male freestyle swimmers
Australian male backstroke swimmers
Male Paralympic swimmers of Australia
Paralympic bronze medalists for Australia
Paralympic medalists in swimming
S13-classified Paralympic swimmers
Swimmers at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the World Para Swimming Championships
Blind people from Australia
Australian male butterfly swimmers
Hellinsia inquinatus is a moth of the family Pterophoridae. It is found in North America, including Florida, Mississippi, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Maryland, Alabama, Texas, Missouri, Colorado and Arizona. It has also been recorded from Hispaniola, Mexico, Puerto Rico and St. Thomas Island.
The wingspan is about . The head and thorax are gray, spotted with white. The abdomen is gray. The forewings are dust gray, thickly dusted with white and brown scales forming scattered flecks or blotches, one of which is generally present on the middle of the space between the base of the wing and the fissure. A larger one is found before the fissure and separated from it by a whitish space, below this is a longitudinal streak of scales, bordered basally by a white spot and separated from the spot before the fissure by a whitish space. Two blackish streaks or spots occur on the costa, the larger one above the base of fissure, the other halfway between it and the apex of the wing. The fringes are grayish, cut with white under the apices of the lobes and on the anal angles, where there is a white wisp. A similar wisp is found before the apex and on the anal angle of the second lobe. A brown dot sometimes rests on the base of each of the three wisps. The hindwings are brownish gray with a diffuse brown dot on the apex of each feather or at least on the first. Adults are on wing in April, June and December.
The larvae feed on Ambrosia artemissiifolia, Ambrosia trifida and Parthenium hysterophorus They feed externally on the young foliage of their host plant. They are pale greenish gray, with very characteristic dark markings and lateral tufts of long, white silken hairs. Pupation takes place in a pale fulvous pupa with a roseate hue.
References
inquinatus
Moths described in 1873
Moths of North America
Katharine Lucinda Sharp (May 25, 1865 – June 1, 1914) gained prominence as a pioneering librarian for her intense engagement with the library profession that spanned 19 years. Having founded the innovative University of Illinois Library School, she resigned from her position and left the library field as rapidly as she had entered it. She is remembered for ‘professionalizing' the field of library science and for her considerable contribution to the standards of the discipline. In 1999, Sharp was named in the American Library Association's 100 leaders of the 20th century.
Birth and early years
Born in Elgin, Illinois, on what is variously reported to be May 21, 1865, and May 25, 1865, to John William Sharp and Phebe (Thompson) Sharp, Katharine Sharp had by the age of 7, lost her mother. She attended the Elgin Academy, in Elgin, Illinois, from age 7 to 15, during which time she is believed to have been raised by relatives while her father attended to his various business activities, based mostly in Illinois. Laurel Grotzinger, in her comprehensive biographical work on Sharp, notes that the specific details of her early upbringing, as well as her later internal personal motivations, remain relatively unknown. What is known is that her father remarried in 1880, and that Katharine had a somewhat close relationship with her half-brother from this marriage, Robert Nicholson Sharp, who died suddenly at the age of 25. By 1881, Katharine Sharp was enrolled in Northwestern University, at the time the Women's College of Northwestern University.
Education
Sharp received a Bachelor of Philosophy degree from Northwestern University, graduating with honors in General, Latin, and Special Scholarship. She also earned a master's degree at the same institution. As Grotzinger notes, rather than remarkable academic achievement, Sharp's time at college was distinguished by the amount of time she spent volunteering and actively participating in student clubs and organizations, such as the Ossoli Literary Society. She was one of the founding members of Kappa Kappa Gamma, a group of individuals with whom she developed lifelong relationships. This kind of involvement would be a continuing theme in her life, for, as Grotzinger aptly puts it, she was “an inveterate joiner”.
Early career and further education
In 1886, Katharine Sharp returned to Elgin to teach languages at the Academy, where she remained for two years. The years 1888 to 1890 saw her employed as Assistant Librarian of the Scoville Institute's Oak Park Library. She appeared to transition to her new career with some gusto and Grotzinger speculates that it may have been her dislike of the two years of teaching at Elgin Academy that gave her an appreciation for her new career. A lifelong devotee and passionate advocate of broadening one's education, Sharp paradoxically resigned from her position at the Scoville Institute and spent 1890 to 1892 earning a Bachelor of Library Science at New York State Library School, brainchild of Melvil Dewey, and one of the first institutions to offer a comprehensive course in library studies. Aiming to better prepare herself to fulfill the duties of a librarian, she excelled at her studies and received her B.L.S. in 1892. In between fulfilling her academic obligations, she had time to ‘organize' the Adams Memorial Library, in Wheaton, Illinois, in 1891, as well as providing her services at the Xenia Library in Ohio in 1892.
According to Utley, on her graduation and return to Chicago in 1892, she was thrust into the frenetic preparations for the World's Columbian Exhibition, organizing the American Library Association's comparative library exhibit. Grotzinger states that this opportunity was offered to Sharp because of Dewey, who was an integral part of the exhibit and who had hand-picked Sharp for this endeavor. Such a tremendous opportunity was not wasted on the formidable Katharine Sharp. It is unknown to what extent she relied on Dewey, but Krummel contends that he was, to her, at the very least a “father figure” for duration of the project. Her contribution to the exhibit certainly brought her success; according to one account, Her conspicuously excellent work, brought thus prominently to the attention of Chicago educators, resulted in her appointment as director of the newly established department of library science, opened in the fall of 1893 at the Armour Institute of Technology.
According to Krummel, when Frank Gonzales, the president of the Armour Institute, came to Melville Dewey asking for the 'best man' to head up his new library school, Dewey famously replied: "The best man in America is a woman, and she is in the next room."
Library science
Sharp served at the Armour Institute for 5 years as director of the department during which she struggled to implement a university structure onto a technical institute. Her approach has been said to be more complementary to other library programs in the Midwest including the emerging program at the University of Wisconsin. It was also appealing to another school and she was eventually head-hunted by Andrew Draper, president of the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. The offer of a dual role as University of Illinois Head Librarian and Head of the Department of the Illinois State Library School appealed to Sharp, and in 1897, she took office in both roles.
From this formative phase of her career onward, she amassed a series of significant professional achievements, outlined in the Biography and Genealogy Master Index. From 1895 to 1896, she was the director of the University of Wisconsin summer school of library science; in both 1898 and 1907, she was the Vice President of the American Library Association; and from 1903–1904, she was the president of the Illinois Library Association. In 1906, she received her Master of Library Science, also from the New York State Library School.
Despite these significant later achievements, Grotzinger maintains that:
"The establishment and development of a school for library training was the essential contribution of Katharine Sharp."
It is evident that Sharp constantly pushed for more stringent standards for service; for higher admission requirements to the school, and for developing a curriculum that was more than a superficial treatment of the variety of subjects encompassed by library science. To this end, she was considered revolutionary, at least by some of her former colleagues at the New York State Library School, for proposing and implementing the first four-year course in library science and the conferment of a degree. Sharp eventually wanted the degree to be a graduate program, arguing that for admission, "A baccalaureate degree should be required", and lamenting that "...a college degree today means only four years in residence, with a passing grade.".
Sharp can also be credited with helping to spread library science into the Midwest, and with gaining the significant support of state bodies for library administration. Her drive to expand the library field is evident in her exhaustive work Illinois Libraries (1907). According to Grotzinger, a summation of Sharp's achievements would not be complete without also referring to her instrumentality in formulating the philosophy of the organization of libraries and library materials, and her contribution to the mobile library movement. Despite Sharp's high expectations and standards, she was also known for her generosity and she was not a pedant: "Her life was one of vigorous dedication to her work and an equally vigorous enjoyment in people and activities".
Later years
Katharine Sharp's library career ended in 1907 when she resigned from her position at the University of Illinois. The new President of the university, Edmund J. James, has been said by some to believe that the main campus library was in need of more resources than that of the Library School itself. Sharp then became a second vice-president and executive in the Lake Placid Club in the Adirondacks, once again under the leadership of Melvil Dewey, whom some describe as her mentor and others as part of her adopted family. According to Utley, Sharp worked “actively and happily” at Lake Placid. Her abrupt withdrawal from the library field is surprising in relation to the intensity and extent of her devotion to it, but Grotzinger proposes as an explanation, several compelling precipitating factors. The combination of the ongoing pressures of administration of both the Library and the School of Library Studies at the University of Illinois, with the usual constraints of lack of staff and insufficient budget, combined with the sudden death of her brother and father within a relatively short amount of time, may have caused Sharp to consider her need for personal fulfillment, something which she had up until then ignored, in favor of her career. In any case, she left the profession at age 42, and did not return to it for the remaining 7 years of her life. Katharine L. Sharp died suddenly in 1914. While out on an excursion with a wedding party at the Lake Placid Club, she was thrown from an automobile and suffered critical brain injuries, to which she eventually succumbed. A memorial bronze plaque, carved by sculptor Lorado Taft to Sharp was placed in the University of Illinois Library after her death.
Footnotes
References
Grotzinger, L. A. (1966). The power and the dignity; librarianship and Katharine Sharp. New York,: Scarecrow Press.
Howe, H. E. (1953) Katharine Lucinda Sharp. In Danton, E. (Ed),. Pioneering leaders in librarianship. (pp. 165–172). Boston,: Gregg Press.
Kniffel, L., Sullivan, P. and E. McCormick (1999, December). 100 of the most important leaders we had in the 20th century. American Libraries, 30(11)38-47.
Krummel, D. (2004). Katharine L.Sharp and the creation of the university library. In Hoddeson, L. (Ed.), No Boundaries: University of Illinois Vignettes. (pp. 15–30). Urbana, Ill.,: University of Illinois.
Leonard, (Ed.) (1914) Biography and Genealogy Master Index. (pp. 734–735). Farmington Hills, Michigan,: Gale, Cengage Learning
Sharp, K. L. (1901, October 18). Our State Library School. Address to Illinois Federation of Women's Clubs, Decatur, IL. (6 pp.). Retrieved May 15, 2009, from https://web.archive.org/web/20110727083834/http://www.library.illinois.edu/chx/sparks/miscellaneous/about_library_school/sharp_1901.pdf
Sharp, K. L (1906). Illinois libraries. Urbana, Ill.,: University of Illinois. Retrieved May 21, 2009, from Internet Archive: https://archive.org/stream/illinoislibrari00shargoog
Utley, G. B. (1935). Katharine Lucinda Sharp. (pp. 24–25) In Dictionary of American Biography Base Set (pp. 24–25). American Council of Learned Societies, 1928-1936. Reproduced in Biography Resource Center. Farmington Hills, Mich.: Gale, 2009.
External links
1865 births
1914 deaths
American women writers
People from Elgin, Illinois
Northwestern University alumni
University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign faculty
University of Wisconsin–Madison faculty
American librarians
American women librarians
American women academics
The New Ireland friarbird (Philemon eichhorni) is a species of bird in the family Meliphagidae.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
New Ireland friarbird
Birds of New Ireland Province
New Ireland friarbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Choung Byoung-gug (born 10 February 1958) is a South Korean politician and the former Minister of Culture, Sports and Tourism. He was the leader of the centre-right Bareunmirae Party, and Chairman of the Special Committee on the 4th Industrial Revolution of the National Assembly of the Republic of Korea.
Early life and education
Choung was born on 10 February 1958 in Yangpyeong, Gyeonggi Province. He initially attended Gaegun Elementary School before transferring to Jeongdeok Elementary School in Seoul against his father's will of making him stay in Yangpyeong. After graduating from Jeongdeok Elementary School in 1970, he graduated from Yongmoon Middle School in 1973 and Sorabol High School in 1977. In 1978, he enrolled in the Department of Sociology at Sungkyunkwan University.
Upon matriculation, he actively involved himself in student movements. He was wanted by the police for this reason and while he was evading the authorities in 1979, he received the news of the assassination of President Park Chung-hee, to which he responded by returning to Seoul and heading the student movement to restore the National Student Council that had been dissolved under Park's dictatorship.
Following the Coup d'état of May Seventeenth in 1980, he was arrested by Hanahoe, headed by General Chun Doo-hwan who forced him to choose between imprisonment and conscription. Choung chose conscription and volunteered for the Republic of Korea Marine Corps.
After being discharged, he graduated from Sungkyunkwan University in 1984 and actively involved himself in democratization movements. With warrants issued for his arrest, Choung ran Sein Publisher that supplied anti-government materials to student organizations of Seoul colleges, and enthusiastically supported resistance against the military government. He was subsequently arrested in June 1987 and was sentenced to eighteen months in prison. He was tortured by the Agency for National Security Planning, the forebearer of the National Intelligence Service (South Korea), and was released upon the suspension of execution of his sentence following the June 29 Declaration.
Career
Before 2000
Choung worked for Kim Young-sam's campaign as the Director of Public Affairs in the 1987 South Korean presidential election. After the election, he served as Kim's secretary in the Reunification Democratic Party between 1988 and 1990, and as secretary in the Democratic Liberal Party (later New Korea Party) between 1990 and 1992. With Kim's victory in the 1992 South Korean presidential election, he was appointed as staff member of the Office of the President at his age of 36, the youngest of any staff member in the Blue House.
During his time as staff member, he participated in the International Visitor Leadership Program run by the U.S. Department of State. He graduated from Yonsei University's Graduate School of Public Administration in 1998.
After 2000
Choung won in the 2000 South Korean General Election for the Grand National Party and was re-elected in 2004. That year, he received a Ph.D. in Political Science from Sungkyunkwan University. In 2007, he served as the Director of Public Affairs of the Grand National Party and served as its Secretary-General in 2010. He headed the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism following his appointment as Minister of Culture, Sports and Tourism by President Lee Myung-bak in January 2011.
During his time as Minister, Pyeongchang won its bid for the 2018 Winter Olympics and 2018 Winter Paralympics.
Choung was elected for the fourth time in 2012 and was elected again for his fifth term in March 2016. He was one of the few Saenuri incumbents to avoid defeat in the party's disastrous performance in the said election. He is currently serving as Member of Parliament for the Yangpyeong and Yeoju district. In June 2016, he announced his candidacy as Party Leader, but lost.
The Bareun Party
With the revelations of President Park Geun-hye's political scandals that led to her impeachment, Choung and 33 other Saenuri Assemblymen exited the party. In January 2017, he and his colleagues founded the centre-right leaning Bareun Party. Choung was elected as its first Party Leader.
List of Positions Held
Deputy Floor Whip of the Grand National Party
Secretary-General of the Grand National Party
Chairman of the Standing Committee on Culture, Sports, Tourism and Media of the National Assembly (South Korea)
45th Minister of Culture, Sports and Tourism
Chairman of the Special Committee on Regional Electoral Commitment of the Saenuri Party
Chairman of the Special Committee on Military Human Rights Improvement of the National Assembly
Chairman of the Special Committee on the 4th Industrial Revolution of the National Assembly of the Republic of Korea
[INTERVIEW] Lawmaker helps Ethiopian coffee industry
References
1958 births
Living people
Government ministers of South Korea
Bareun Party politicians
Conservatism in South Korea
Republic of Korea Marine Corps personnel
Douglas John Lucia (born March 17, 1963) is an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who has been serving as bishop of the Diocese of Syracuse in New York State since 2019.
Biography
Lucia was born in Plattsburgh, New York.He was ordained a priest for the Diocese of Ogdensburg in 1989. He holds a Mastersof Divinity degree from Christ the King Seminary. He studied canon law in Rome from 1997 to 1999 at the Pontifical University of St. Thomas Aquinas. Lucias served in the diocese as secretary to the bishop, vice chancellor (and later chancellor) and director of vocations.
Bishop of Syracuse
Pope Francis named Lucia to succeed Bishop Robert J. Cunningham as bishop of the Diocese of Syracuse on June 4, 2019. On August 8, 2019, Lucia was consecrated by Cardinal Timothy Dolan, with Bishop Terry R. LaValley and Bishop Cunningham serving as co-consecrators.
In June 2020 Lucia announced that the Diocese of Syracuse would file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, The diocese was facing hundreds of lawsuits based on sexual abuse allegations. Lucia stated that he wanted to ensure that all the alleged victims received some compensation, although some lawyers said that the diocese was seeking to avoid the lawsuits.
See also
Catholic Church hierarchy
Catholic Church in the United States
Historical list of the Catholic bishops of the United States
List of Catholic bishops of the United States
Lists of patriarchs, archbishops, and bishops
References
External links
Roman Catholic Diocese of Syracuse Official Site
Living people
1963 births
People from Plattsburgh, New York
Pontifical University of Saint Thomas Aquinas alumni
Roman Catholic bishops of Syracuse
21st-century Roman Catholic bishops in the United States
Bishops appointed by Pope Francis
Cornel may refer to:
People
Cornel (given name), a list of people with the given name or nickname
Cornel Wilde (1915–1989), American actor and director born Kornél Lajos Weisz
Eric Cornel (born 1996), Canadian hockey player
Plants
Several species of the dogwood family:
Cornus amomum, also known as the silky cornel
Cornus canadensis, Canadian dwarf cornel
Cornus mas, Cornelian cherry or European cornel
Cornus officinalis, Japanese cornel or Japanese cornelian cherry
Cornus suecica, dwarf cornel
Ships
HMS Cornel (K-278), a British corvette transferred to the US Navy as USS Alacrity (PG-87)
USS Cornel (AN-45), a net-laying ship that served in the Pacific theater during World War II
See also
Cornell (disambiguation)
Hruszów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Chełm and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Marco Klepoch (born 3 November 1997) is a Slovak figure skater. He is the 2018 Crystal Skate of Romania champion, the 2014 New Year's Cup silver medalist, and a four-time Slovak national champion (2013–2015, 2019). He has appeared at five ISU Championships.
Career
On the ice from the age of five, Klepoch began skating because his father wanted him to learn a variety of sports. His first instructor was Eva Takáčová and then Vladimir Dvojnikov. He is a member of ŠKP Bratislava's skating club and trains at the Vladimír Dzurilla ice rink in Bratislava.
Programs
Competitive highlights
CS: Challenger Series; JGP: Junior Grand Prix
References
External links
1997 births
Slovak male single skaters
Living people
Figure skaters from Bratislava
Competitors at the 2017 Winter Universiade
Competitors at the 2019 Winter Universiade
The pied shrike-babbler (Pteruthius flaviscapis) is a bird species traditionally considered an aberrant Old World babbler and placed in the family Timaliidae. But as it seems, it belongs to an Asian offshoot of the American vireos and may well belong in the Vireonidae. Indeed, since long it was noted that their habits resemble those of vireos, but this was believed to be the result of convergent evolution.
It is endemic to Java. It was formerly considered a subspecies of the White-browed shrike-babbler.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
Biswas, B. 1960. A new name for the Himalayan Red-winged Babbler, Pteruthius. Bulletin of the British Ornithologists' Club 80: 106. [name for ripleyi]
Reddy, S. 2008. Systematics and biogeography of the shrike-babblers (Pteruthius): Species limits, molecular phylogenetics, and diversification patterns across southern Asia. Molecular Phylogenetics and Evolution 47: 54–72.
Rheindt, F.E., and J.A. Eaton. 2009. Species limits in Pteruthius (Aves: Corvida) shrike-babblers: a comparison between the Biological and Phylogenetic Species Concepts. Zootaxa number 2301: 29–54.
pied shrike-babbler
Birds of Java
pied shrike-babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Prabhu Ganesan (born 25 December 1956), known professionally as Prabhu, is an Indian actor, businessman and film producer who predominantly works in Tamil cinema. He is the son of veteran actor Sivaji Ganesan. He is popularly known as Ilaya Thilagam. He has worked in more than 215 films in lead and supporting roles in Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam and Kannada films.
After making his debut in Sangili (1982), Prabhu played various leading and supporting roles, earning the Best Actor award recognition by the Tamil Nadu state for his portrayal in Chinna Thambi (1991).
Early life
Prabhu was born to veteran actor Sivaji Ganesan and Kamala on 25 December 1956. His elder brother Ramkumar is a film producer and he has two sisters Shanthi and Thenmozhi.
Career
After leaving Bishop Cotton Boys' School in Bangalore, Prabhu got involved in film production as an executive producer and worked alongside his uncle and mentor V. C. Shanmugam, who insisted that Prabhu learn the film making process in a disciplined way, giving him general tasks such as pulling up chairs for artistes. Prabhu's father, actor Sivaji Ganesan, had initially expressed reluctance in allowing Prabhu to pursue an acting career, but through his work in the industry, he began to receive offers from film-makers to feature in their films.
He subsequently made his acting debut in C. V. Rajendran's Sangili (1982), a remake of the Hindi film Kalicharan, where he was cast in a supporting role. By the time Sangili released, Prabhu was working on six films, including Charuhasan's Pudhiya Sangamam and Gangai Amaren's romantic film Kozhi Koovuthu, which became his first commercially successful venture. After featuring in about thirty films, including nineteen with his father including Neethibathi (1983), Sandhippu (1983) and Miruthanga Chakravarthi (1983), Prabhu's career graph registered a drop and he began to reconsider the type of films he had signed. He opted against featuring in films co-starring his father and consciously began to choose subjects rather than accept as many offers as possible.
Among the first films he signed after taking the break included G. M. Kumar's Aruvadai Naal (1986) and Manivannan's Paalaivana Rojakkal, alongside Sathyaraj, both proving successful. Subsequently, the following period saw a series of commercial successes in 1988 for the actor, notably S. P. Muthuraman's Guru Sishyan with Rajinikanth, Mani Ratnam's Agni Natchathiram with Karthik and P. Vasu's family drama En Thangachi Padichava. The success of the latter film prompted more successful collaborations in the same genre between Prabhu and Vasu with Chinna Thambi (1991) and Senthamizh Pattu (1992) also receiving a similar reception, with the actor earning the Best Actor award recognition by the Tamil Nadu state.
He subsequently worked in his hundredth film R. V. Udayakumar's Rajakumaran, before portraying well received roles in K. Balachander's romantic film Duet (1994) and Priyadarshan's Malayalam period film Kaalapani (1996) alongside Mohanlal. Prabhu went through another barren spell in the late 1990s, when several films after the success of Panchalankurichi failed to do well, prompting another image change away from his village do-gooder roles. Moving away from action films, Prabhu selected scripts which would appeal to family audiences in the early 2000s and collaborated with film-makers including Rama Narayanan and T. P. Gajendran, working in a series of "minimum guarantee" return films.
Prabhu then made another career change and began accepting film offers in which he would play a supporting rather than the leading role and featured alongside Kamal Haasan and then Rajinikanth in two big budget ventures Vasool Raja MBBS (2004) and his home production Chandramukhi (2005). Since then, he has gained acclaim portraying characters including a caring guardian in Unakkum Enakkum, Thaamirabharani and Ayan, while he has also been seen in detective roles in action films, notably Billa (2007) and then Kanthaswamy (2009). He has also played other acclaimed supporting roles in Mani Ratnam's Raavanan (2010) and Aishwarya Dhanush's 3 (2012), while he has ventured into playing similar roles in Telugu, Kannada and Malayalam films. In 2016, Prabhu featured in his 200th film, the romantic comedy Meen Kuzhambum Mann Paanaiyum produced by his nephew, Dushyanth Ramkumar.
Personal life
Prabhu is married to Punitha in 1982 and has two children Aishwarya Prabhu (born 1984) and Vikram Prabhu (born 1986), who made his acting debut in the 2012 film Kumki.
While still married to Punitha, Prabhu had a live-in relationship with actress Kushboo, and got married on September 12, 1993. The pair subsequently decided to split four months later.
His son Vikram Prabhu is also a Tamil actor.
Filmography
Awards
Cinema Express Awards
Filmfare Awards South
Prabhu was nominated six times at the Filmfare Awards South
Tamil Nadu State Film Awards
References
External links
Official website
Indian male film actors
Tamil male actors
Living people
1956 births
Male actors from Chennai
Film producers from Chennai
Tamil film producers
Loyola College, Chennai alumni
Bishop Cotton Boys' School alumni
Male actors in Tamil cinema
Male actors in Telugu cinema
Male actors in Kannada cinema
Male actors in Malayalam cinema
Tamil Nadu State Film Awards winners
20th-century Indian male actors
21st-century Indian male actors
Ring Route may refer to:
A ring road or beltway
Ring Route (Nagoya Expressway)
City Ring Route, Adelaide
Western Ring Route
The 2019–20 Bermudian Premier Division is the 57th season of the Bermudian Premier Division, the highest tier of football in Bermuda. The season began on 21 September 2019 and was scheduled to conclude on 22 March 2020. However, the final round was postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic. On 27 May, the final round was cancelled and all remaining matches were awarded as 0-0 draws.
Teams
Team changes
To Premier Division
Promoted from the 2018–19 First Division
Southampton Rangers
Somerset Eagles
From Premier Division
Withdrew from the league
BAA Wanderers
Relegated to the 2019–20 First Division
Paget Lions
Stadia and locations
Source:
League table
Results
Top scorers
Source:
References
External links
Bermuda Football Association
2019-20
Bermuda
1
The 1983–84 SM-liiga season was the ninth season of the SM-liiga, the top level of ice hockey in Finland. 10 teams participated in the league, and Tappara Tampere won the championship.
Standings
Playoffs
Quarterfinals
Kärpät - Ilves 2:0 (5:1, 4:3)
HIFK - TPS 0:2 (3:6, 5:6)
Semifinal
Tappara - TPS 3:2 (2:3, 3:6, 2:1, 5:3, 3:1)
Ässät - Kärpät 3:2 (3:1, 3:5, 3:2, 2:9, 5:4)
3rd place
Kärpät - TPS 2:1 (2:4, 6:4, 7:2)
Final
Tappara - Ässät 3:1 (4:5, 6:3, 3:2, 4:3)
Relegation
Lukko Rauma - HPK Hämeenlinna 3:2 (8:2, 4:6, 7:2, 4:5 OT, 3:1)
Kiekko-Reipas Lahti - JyP HT Jyväskylä 3:1 (4:7, 5:4 OT, 4:3, 5:3)
External links
SM-liiga official website
1983–84 in Finnish ice hockey
Fin
Liiga seasons
Czechów Kąt is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Rejowiec, west of Chełm, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
The 2014–15 Louisiana–Lafayette Ragin' Cajuns men's basketball team represented the University of Louisiana at Lafayette during the 2014–15 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Ragin' Cajuns, led by fifth year head coach Bob Marlin, played their home games at the Cajundome and were members of the Sun Belt Conference. They finished the season 22–14, 13–7 in Sun Belt play to finish in fourth place. They advanced to the semifinals of the Sun Belt Tournament where they lost to Georgia State. They were invited to the CollegeInsider.com Tournament where they defeated Incarnate Word in the first round and Sam Houston State in the second round before losing in the quarterfinals to Evansville.
Roster
Schedule
|-
!colspan=12 style="background:#E34234; color:#FFFFFF;"| Exhibition
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#E34234; color:#FFFFFF;"| Regular season
|-
!colspan=12 style="background:#E34234; color:#FFFFFF;"|Sun Belt Tournament
|-
!colspan=12 style="background:#E34234; color:#FFFFFF;"|CIT
References
Louisiana Ragin' Cajuns men's basketball seasons
Louisiana-Lafayette
Louisiana-Lafayette
Louisiana
Louisiana
Şeytan-ı Racim is a 2013 Turkish horror film directed by Arkın Aktaç and screenwriter Murat Toktamışoğlu.
Plot
Salih, who studied at the university in Istanbul, become curious about the magic, and this interest turned into an obsession over time. Salih, who gets in dependency of the Jinn, causes his friend Emrah to have recurring nightmares and he starts seeing shadows. Emrah, unable to cope with this, returns to his family in Izmit, but Salih is removed to a mental hospital. Since the nightmares and hallucinations did not end, his family, recommends to consult the copperman Mehmet Efendi who has lived through the experiences that have been infested before. He helps Emrah and Salih to get rid of the Jinn at first, but later, after realizing Salih intentionally summoned the Jinn and Emreh helped him even though unintentionally, Mehmet Efendi reveals his true identity as Azazil in the end.
References
External links
2013 films
2013 horror films
Exorcism in Islam
Films set in Turkey
Turkish horror films
Genies in film
The Burnelli CB-16, also known as the Uppercu-Burnelli CB-300, was a passenger aircraft designed by the American company Burnelli in 1928. It was the first twin-engined aircraft to have retractable landing gear. Only one was built.
Design and development
The CB-16 was built for and financed by Paul W. Chapman, chairman of Skylines Inc. in 1928, following the success of the Burnelli RB-2.
The CB-16 was a twin-engined high-wing monoplane, constructed of metal. The slightly tapered wing was braced from the lower fuselage by pairs of parallel struts. The fuselage was 36 ft (11 m) long and 12 ft (3.7 m wide) wide externally, with an airfoil cross-section. As with the earlier RB-1 and RB-2, the twin engines were embedded within the leading edge of the fuselage though, unlike them, the rest of this surface was largely filled with radiators. To reduce yaw after an engine failure, the 500 hp (370 kW) water cooled Curtiss Conqueror inline engines were mounted with slight toe out. The internal dimensions of the cabin, which could seat 12-20 passengers, were 18 ft (5.49 m) by 11 ft 4 in (3.45 m) long, with a height of 5 ft 6 in (1.71 m). This provided both seating and lounge space. At the rear of the cabin there was a small kitchen and toilets. The pilots sat in open cockpits placed at the wing leading edge.
Earlier Burnelli lifting body designs had fuselages which were rectangular in plan, with the empennage directly attached, but the CB-16's fuselage tapered and the tail unit was mounted beyond the lifting body's trailing edge on a pair of thin panels extending from its sides. The alteration was motivated by the difficulties of pitch and yaw control encountered with the earlier arrangement. The panels swept upwards into a pair of fins and balanced rudders carrying a high set tailplane with three balanced elevators, the rudders working between them. The single wheels of the still novel retracting undercarriage were mounted on V-struts hinged at the lower, outer fuselage, retracting inwards.
The completed aircraft was shipped to Newark, New Jersey. In January 1929 Leigh Wade piloted the aircraft on a 40-minute test flight. Further tests were then conducted at Curtiss Field at Long Island and Bolling Field in Washington. In 1929, during a test, the CB-16 stalled and crashed at takeoff, though the two pilots survived.
Specifications
Notes
References
.
AAHS journal, Volume 42. American Aviation Historical Society. 1997.
"Cutaway Drawing of Burnelli transport in flight" Popular Mechanics, December 1930
CB-16
1920s United States airliners
Lifting bodies
High-wing aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1929
Twin piston-engined tractor aircraft
Braggadocio may refer to:
Braggadocchio, a fictional character in the epic poem The Faerie Queene
A braggart or empty boasting
Braggadocio (rap), a type of rapping
Braggadocio (typeface), a typeface
Braggadocio, Missouri, a community
Thayetkon is a village in Banmauk Township, Katha District, in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
References
External links
Maplandia World Gazetteer
Populated places in Katha District
Banmauk Township
Arthur Taylor House may refer to:
Arthur Taylor House (Paris, Idaho), listed on the NRHP in Idaho
Arthur Taylor House (Moab, Utah), listed on the NRHP in Utah
Jan Sint (30 March 1887 – 8 February 1941) was a Dutch wrestler. He competed at the 1912, 1920 and the 1924 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1887 births
1941 deaths
People from Leiderdorp
Olympic wrestlers of the Netherlands
Wrestlers at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Wrestlers at the 1920 Summer Olympics
Wrestlers at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Dutch male sport wrestlers
Sportspeople from South Holland
In computational learning theory, let C be a concept class over a domain X and c be a concept in C. A subset S of X is a witness set for c in C if c(S) verifies c (i.e., c is the only consistent concept with respect to c(S)). The minimum size of a witness set for c is called the witness size or specification number and is denoted by . The value is called the teaching dimension of C.
Computational learning theory
Loree Rackstraw (born June 27, 1931 - May 8, 2018) was an American literary critic and memoirist. She taught English at the University of Northern Iowa from 1966–1996, and she was the author of Love As Always, Kurt: Vonnegut As I Knew Him (2009).
Biography
Loree Rackstraw was born Lora Lee Pugh on June 27, 1931 in Omaha, Nebraska. She received an undergraduate degree in Philosophy from Grinnell College in 1953, and an MFA in English at the University of Iowa. While at the University of Iowa as a student in the Iowa Writers' Workshop, one of her instructors in 1965-1966 was Kurt Vonnegut, with whom she began a friendship that lasted more than forty years and which is documented in Love As Always, Kurt: Vonnegut As I Knew Him.
In 1966, Rackstraw began a thirty-year career in the Department of English Language and Literature at the University of Northern Iowa, where she taught courses in fiction writing, literature, mythology and humanities. She also served as a fiction editor and reviewer for the North American Review and was a long-time member of the College Hill Neighborhood Association in Cedar Falls, Iowa.
In 2009, Rackstraw published Love As Always, Kurt: Vonnegut As I Knew Him, a literary memoir detailing her long-term friendship with Kurt Vonnegut, as well as her responses, as a literary critic, to his work. After their time together in Iowa City, Vonnegut and Rackstraw remained frequent correspondents and often visited one another. Rackstraw also regularly reviewed Vonnegut's work in her official capacity at the North American Review and published a number of academic articles on his work in books and journals including Kurt Vonnegut: Images and Representations (2000) and The Vonnegut Chronicles: Interviews and Essays (1996).
Jerome Klinkowitz finds that this relationship had a significant impact on the work of both Rackstraw and Vonnegut:
“It had to have been the impression Kurt's work made that prompted Loree's investigations of feminist thought. And because she was thinking this way and was in frequent contact with Kurt by mail and phone similar trends in his own fiction developed. Would he have written Galápagos without her? I'm sure there'd be no Circe Berman in Bluebeard without Loree, and perhaps no Bluebeard at all.”
Rackstraw appears in chapter 62 of Kurt Vonnegut's semi-autobiographical novel, Timequake, at a clambake held in honor of Vonnegut's recurring character, Kilgore Trout.
Loree Rackstraw's papers have been held since 1996 in the University of Northern Iowa Special Collections and University Archives.
Selected publications
Love As Always, Kurt: Vonnegut As I Knew Him. Cambridge, MA: Da Capo Press, 2009. Print.
“The Paradox of 'Awareness' and Language in Vonnegut's Fiction.” Kurt Vonnegut: Images and Representations. Eds. Marc Leeds and Peter J. Reed. Praeger, 2000. 51-66. Print.
“Dancing with the Muse in Vonnegut's Later Novels.” The Vonnegut Chronicles: Interviews and Essays. Eds. Peter J. Reed and Marc Leeds. Greenwood Press, 1996. 123-43. Print.
References
1931 births
2018 deaths
Iowa Writers' Workshop alumni
University of Northern Iowa faculty
American literary critics
American memoirists
Writers from Omaha, Nebraska
Grinnell College alumni
University of Iowa alumni
Women literary critics
American women memoirists
American women academics
21st-century American women
American women critics
Anke Hennig (born 7 October 1964) is a German politician for the SPD and since 2021 member of the Bundestag, the federal diet.
Life and politics
Hennig was born 1964 in the West German city of Osnabrück and was elected to the Bundestag in 2021.
References
Living people
1964 births
Social Democratic Party of Germany politicians
Members of the Bundestag 2021–2025
21st-century German politicians
21st-century German women politicians
Female members of the Bundestag
This is an alphabetical list of documentary films with Wikipedia articles. The earliest documentary listed is Fred Ott's Sneeze (1894), which is also the first motion picture ever copyrighted in North America. The term documentary was first used in 1926 by filmmaker John Grierson as a term to describe films that document reality. For other lists, see :Category:Documentary films by country and :Category:Documentaries by topic.
0–9
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
See also
List of environmental films
List of documentary films about agriculture
List of documentary films about war
References
Documentary
Pleurias (Ancient Greek Πλευρίας; ruled c. 337 – 335 BC) was an Illyrian king. According to some scholars Pleurias was probably king of the Autariatae. An Illyrian king called Pleurias is mentioned only in Diodorus (16.93.6). The name is elsewhere unattested in ancient sources, hence some scholars have identified him with Pleuratos, which is on the contrary a very common name among Illyrians.
According to Diodorus' historical account, in 337 BC Pleurias almost succeeded in killing Philip II of Macedon when he was on his Balkan campaigns.
Military activities
In 337 BC, Philip's aim was to subdue the Autariatae State under Pleurias, during his Balkan campaigns. While Pleurias was engaged in a battle with Philip, he almost succeeded in killing Philip if not for his bodyguard Pausanias receiving Pleurias' sword. After receiving on his body all the blows directed at Philip, the Pausanias died.
In 335 BC, Pleurias entered into an alliance with Gluacias of the Taulantii State and Cleitus of the Dardanian State for the Illyrian Revolt. Cleitus had persuaded Pleurias to attack Alexander on his march south to meet him. On the meanwhile, Glaucias and Cleitus would join forces and meet Alexander at the city of Pelion in the south. Langarus, an ally of Alexander promised him that he would deal with the Autariatae State while Alexander would advance towards Cleitus. Langarus invaded their territory and defeated Pleurias, and thus brought a setback to Illyrian Revolt from the start.
In the 5th century BC the Autariatae State reached its peak of political and economic development. At the time of Pleurias' rule, the Autariatae State was in a decline due to the Celtic migrations. Pleurias's successors faced great hardship and the gradual decline of the Autariatae State which ended in 310 BC with their sudden disappearance.
See also
List of rulers of Illyria
References
Bibliography
Illyrian royalty
4th-century BC rulers
Illyrian Albania
Lee Valley Regional Park Authority (LVRPA) is a statutory body that is responsible for managing and developing the long, Lee Valley Regional Park. The park was established by Parliament of the United Kingdom in 1967. The headquarters of the authority are in Myddelton House, Bulls Cross in the London Borough of Enfield, well known in the horticultural world for the gardens developed by E.A. Bowles (1865–1954) and still fully maintained and open to the public.
History
The idea for a regional park was first suggested by Sir Patrick Abercrombie in his Greater London Plan of 1944. However, the plan remained dormant till 1961, when Lou Sherman, Mayor of Hackney took up the challenge to regenerate the Lea Valley. He persuaded 17 other local authorities to support him. In 1963 the Civic Trust was invited to make an appraisal of the Valley's resources, their report was positive. A bill was put to Parliament to establish the Lee Valley Regional Park Authority. Following Royal Assent to the Lee Valley Regional Park Bill in December 1966, the Authority was formally constituted on 1 January 1967.
Governance
Lee Valley Regional Park Authority has an appointed board of 28 members. 20 of those are from riparian authorities (those whose borders are crossed by the park's boundaries) and a further eight are appointed through Local Councils to represent the remaining 27 London Boroughs.
Members are elected for a term of appointment of four years and continue in office for that period unless they resign or cease to be a councillor.
The Authority is overseen by an executive committee who assist the decision-making processes of the board. The six-person executive committee represents the diverse political and geographic backgrounds of the board, with half the members from London's 33 boroughs and half from Essex and Hertfordshire.
Finance
The park authority is in part funded by a levy (not a precept) on Council Tax bills in Essex, Greater London and Hertfordshire.
London 2012 Olympics and London 2012 Paralympics
Lee Valley Regional Park Authority own three London 2012 Olympic venues – Lee Valley White Water Centre in Waltham Cross, Hertfordshire and Lee Valley VeloPark and Lee Valley Hockey and Tennis Centre, both of which are located on Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park. From April 2015 these venues will be operated by Lee Valley Leisure Trust, a body which has been created by the Authority to run its major sport and leisure sites.
References
External links
Leevalleypark.org: Lee Valley Regional Park Authority
Lee Valley Park
Parks and open spaces in London
Parks and open spaces in Hertfordshire
Environmental organisations based in London
Levying bodies in England
Andrew Parker (May 21, 1805 – January 15, 1864) was a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
Biography
Andrew Parker was born in Cumberland County, Pennsylvania. He attended public schools and graduated from Dickinson College in Carlisle, Pennsylvania, in 1824. He studied law in Carlisle, was admitted to the bar in 1826 and commenced practice in Lewistown, Pennsylvania. He was appointed deputy attorney general of Mifflin County, Pennsylvania. He moved to Mifflintown, Pennsylvania, in 1831, where he practiced law.
Parker was elected as a Democrat to the Thirty-second Congress. He continued the practice of law in Mifflintown until his death there in 1864. He was buried in Westminster Presbyterian Cemetery there.
Sources
Andrew Parker entry at The Political Graveyard
External links
1805 births
1864 deaths
American Presbyterians
Dickinson College alumni
Pennsylvania lawyers
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania
People from Cumberland County, Pennsylvania
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
Sandra Soldan (born December 27, 1973 in Niteroi) is an athlete from Brazil, who competes in triathlon.
Soldan competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. She took eleventh place with a total time of 2:03:19.86. Four years later, Soldan competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics. This time, she did not finish the competition.
References
External links
Profile
1973 births
Living people
Brazilian female triathletes
Olympic triathletes of Brazil
Triathletes at the 1999 Pan American Games
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2003 Pan American Games
Triathletes at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2007 Pan American Games
Sportspeople from Niterói
Federal University of Rio de Janeiro alumni
South American Games gold medalists for Brazil
South American Games medalists in triathlon
Competitors at the 2002 South American Games
Pan American Games competitors for Brazil
20th-century Brazilian women
21st-century Brazilian women
The red-headed quelea (Quelea erythrops) is a species of bird in the family Ploceidae.
It is found in Angola, Benin, Botswana, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Chad, Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ivory Coast, Equatorial Guinea, Eswatini, Ethiopia, Gabon, Gambia, Ghana, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Kenya, Liberia, Malawi, Mali, Mozambique, Niger, Nigeria, Rwanda, São Tomé and Príncipe, Senegal, Sierra Leone, South Africa, South Sudan, Tanzania, Togo, Uganda, Zambia, and Zimbabwe.
Taxonomy and naming
The red-headed quelea was collected by Carl Weiss on Sao Tome island in 1847, and after its arrival at the Hamburg Museum described for science for the first time by Gustav Hartlaub in 1848, who named it Ploceus erythrops. In 1951, Hans von Boetticher regarded the cardinal quelea and red-headed quelea sufficiently different from the red-billed quelea to create a new genus Queleopsis.
The species epithet erythrops derives from the Greek word ἐρυθρός (eruthros), meaning "red" and ὄψ (ops) meaning "eye" or "face", referring to the rufous or red face. Ludwig Reichenbach gave the species its first English name in 1863: red-headed dioch. Other vernacular names in the English language include pokerhead, and red-headed weaver. Its vernacular name in Swahili is kwelea kichwa-chekundu.
Phylogeny
Based on recent DNA-analysis, the red-headed quelea forms a clade with the cardinal quelea (Q. cardinalis), and this clade is sister to the red-billed quelea Q. quelea. The genus Quelea belongs to the group of true weavers (subfamily Ploceinae), and is most related to Foudia, a genus of six or seven species that occur on the islands of the western Indian Ocean. This clade is sister to the Asian species of the genus Ploceus. The following tree represents current insight of the relationships between the species of Quelea, and their closest relatives.
References
External links
Red-headed Quelea - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds.
red-headed quelea
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
Birds of the Gulf of Guinea
red-headed quelea
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Felipe Moreira dos Santos (born 28 November 1988 in Rio de Janeiro), commonly known as Felipe Moreira, is a Brazilian footballer.
Career
FK Kukësi
He left Alecrim and Brazil for the first time in his professional career to join Albanian Superliga side FK Kukësi ahead of the Europa League first qualifying round. He made his FK Kukësi and European debut on 2 July 2015 against Belarusian side FC Torpedo-BelAZ Zhodino in the first qualifying round of the Europa League, where he started the game and was substituted off in the 60th minute in the 2–0 win. On 23 July 2015 in the second qualifying round in the 2015-16 UEFA Europa League against Mladost Podgorica in the second leg, he scored the opening goal as his team ran out 4-2 winners (4-3 Aggregate) and progressed into the third qualifying round against Legia Warsaw. In that game on 30 July 2015, he scored the equaliser just after the half time break, however the game was called off as Ondrej Duda was struck by a lighter by some Kukësi supporters. UEFA then awarded Legia Warsaw a 3-0 win.
On 22 May 2016, his assist help his team Kukësi in the Albanian Cup Final against Laçi at the Qemal Stafa Stadium were his team won the final 5-3 on penalties after the game was drawn at 1-1 through 120 minutes.
References
1988 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Albania
Expatriate footballers in Albania
ABC Futebol Clube players
América Futebol Clube (RN) players
FK Kukësi players
Horizonte Futebol Clube players
Kategoria Superiore players
Association football midfielders
Footballers from Rio de Janeiro (city)
Dick Hermann (born July 11, 1942) is a former American football linebacker. He played for the Oakland Raiders in 1965.
References
1942 births
Living people
American football linebackers
Florida State Seminoles football players
Oakland Raiders players
Edith Lucy Granger (8 October 1869 - 17 September 1957), later Edith Granger Hawkes, was an American poet, writer and indexer. She was editor of 1904's The Granger's Index to Poetry and Recitations (now known as The Columbia Granger's Index to Poetry), a standard library reference of the twentieth and twenty-first century.
Life
Works
See also
Granger's Index to Poetry and Recitations (1904)
References
External links
Edith Granger Project
American writers
California postmasters
1869 births
1957 deaths
In antenna engineering, sidelobes are the lobes (local maxima) of the far field radiation pattern of an antenna or other radiation source, that are not the main lobe.
The radiation pattern of most antennas shows a pattern of "lobes" at various angles, directions where the radiated signal strength reaches a maximum, separated by "nulls", angles at which the radiated signal strength falls to zero. This can be viewed as the diffraction pattern of the antenna. In a directional antenna in which the objective is to emit the radio waves in one direction, the lobe in that direction is designed to have a larger field strength than the others; this is the "main lobe". The other lobes are called "sidelobes", and usually represent unwanted radiation in undesired directions. The sidelobe directly behind the main lobe is called the back lobe. The longer the antenna relative to the radio wavelength, the more lobes its radiation pattern has. In transmitting antennas, excessive sidelobe radiation wastes energy and may cause interference to other equipment. Another disadvantage is that confidential information may be picked up by unintended receivers. In receiving antennas, sidelobes may pick up interfering signals, and increase the noise level in the receiver.
The power density in the sidelobes is generally much less than that in the main beam. It is generally desirable to minimize the sidelobe level (SLL), which is measured in decibels relative to the peak of the main beam. The main lobe and sidelobes occur for both transmitting and receiving. The concepts of main and sidelobes, radiation pattern, aperture shapes, and aperture weighting, apply to optics (another branch of electromagnetics) and in acoustics fields such as loudspeaker and sonar design, as well as antenna design.
Because an antenna's far field radiation pattern is a Fourier Transform of its aperture distribution, most antennas will generally have sidelobes, unless the aperture distribution is a Gaussian, or if the antenna is so small as to have no sidelobes in the visible space. Larger antennas have narrower main beams, as well as narrower sidelobes. Hence, larger antennas have more sidelobes in the visible space (as the antenna size is increased, sidelobes move from the evanescent space to the visible space).
Sidelobes for case of uniformly-illuminated aperture
For a rectangular aperture antenna having a uniform amplitude distribution (or uniform weighting), the first sidelobe is relative to the peak of the main beam. For such antennas the radiation pattern has a canonical form of
Simple substitutions of various values of into the canonical equation yield the following results:
style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto; border: none;"
!
! Radiation Pattern
! Explanation
|-
| 0
| style="text-align:right;" |
| peak of main beam
|-
|
| style="text-align:right;" | −∞ dB
| first null
|-
|
| style="text-align:right;" |
| peak of first sidelobe
|-
|
| style="text-align:right;" | −∞ dB
| second null
|-
|
| style="text-align:right;" |
| peak of second sidelobe
|-
|}
For a circular aperture antenna, also having a uniform amplitude distribution, the first sidelobe level is relative to the peak of the main beam. In this case, the radiation pattern has a canonical form of
where is the Bessel function of the first kind of order 1. This is known as the Airy pattern. Simple substitutions of various values of into the canonical equation yield the following results:
style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto; border: none;"
!
! Radiation Pattern
! Explanation
|-
| 0
| style="text-align:right;" |
| peak of main beam
|-
| 3.83
| style="text-align:right;" | −∞ dB
| first null
|-
| 5.14
| style="text-align:right;" |
| peak of first sidelobe
|-
| 7.02
| style="text-align:right;" | −∞ dB
| second null
|-
| 8.42
| style="text-align:right;" |
| peak of second sidelobe
|-
|}
A uniform aperture distribution, as provided in the two examples above, gives the maximum possible directivity for a given aperture size, but it also produces the maximum sidelobe level. Sidelobe levels can be reduced by tapering the edges of the aperture distribution (changing from uniformity) at the expense of reduced directivity.
The nulls between sidelobes occur when the radiation patterns passes through the origin in the complex plane. Hence, adjacent sidelobes are generally 180° out of phase to each other.
Grating lobes
For discrete aperture antennas (such as phased arrays) in which the element spacing is greater than a half wavelength, the spatial aliasing effect causes some sidelobes to become substantially larger in amplitude, and approaching the level of the main lobe; these are called grating lobes, and they are either identical, or nearly identical as shown in the figure, copies of the main beams.
Grating lobes are a special case of a sidelobe. In such a case, the sidelobes should be considered all the lobes lying between the main lobe and the first grating lobe, or between grating lobes. It is conceptually useful to distinguish between sidelobes and grating lobes because grating lobes have larger amplitudes than most, if not all, of the other sidelobes. The mathematics of grating lobes is the same as of X-ray diffraction.
External links
Sidelobes and Beamwidths - An Antenna Tutorial
Antennas
Radio frequency propagation
de:Antennendiagramm#Elemente eines Antennendiagramms
O'Brien County is a county in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 United States Census, the population was 14,182. The county seat is Primghar.
History
By the time Iowa attained statehood (28 December 1848), its Territorial Legislature had created 44 counties. On 15 January 1851 the new State Legislature created another 49 counties, defining them by lines of survey. O'Brien was among the 49 units thus created. It consists of four survey townships, each formed by 36 square miles arranged in a 6x6 layout, for a nominal 576 square miles total area. The county was named for William Smith O'Brien, a leader for Irish independence in 1848.
The new county's first settler arrived in 1856; Hannibal H. Waterman brought his wife and a daughter to the southeast portion (present Waterman Township). His homestead formed the nucleus of the county's first community, and a small building was erected there to function as a courthouse.
By 1872 the county comprised several small communities, and residents of those groups felt the county's business should be conducted in a more central location. An election was held, the outcome of which was to create a new county seat at its midpoint. A 40-acre (16.2 hectare) tract at the center of the county was surveyed and platted; its name (Primghar) was created from the initials of eight persons involved with the platting. The previous courthouse building was transported to this new location.
In 1874 a 35-foot square building was erected on the present location at a cost of $2,000, to replace the first structure. It was replaced in 1887 by a larger structure. The County Board of Supervisors authorized its construction, at a cost not to exceed $5,000 (the maximum amount the County was authorized to commit). To keep within this limit, members of the new community agreed to haul the building materials without charge from railroad stops at Sanborn and Paullina. The present courthouse was completed in 1917, and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.03%) is water.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 18
U.S. Highway 59
Iowa Highway 10
Iowa Highway 60
Iowa Highway 143
Adjacent counties
Osceola County - north
Clay County - east
Cherokee County - south
Sioux County - west
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 14,182 in the county, with a population density of . 95.42% of the population reported being of one race. There were 6,524 housing units, of which 5,861 were occupied.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 14,398 people, 6,069 households, and 3,927 families in the county. The population density was . There were 6,649 housing units at an average density of 11 per square mile (4/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 96.0% White, 0.5% Black or African American, 0.1% American Indian, 0.6% Asian, 2.0% from other races, and 0.8% from two or more races. The county has a 3.8% Hispanic or Latino background.
There were 6,069 households, out of which 26.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.1% were married couples living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.3% were non-families. 31.5% of all households were made up of individuals living alone, and 33.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.89.
The county population contained 25.7% under the age of 20, 4.6% from 20 to 24, 21.3% from 25 to 44, 28.1% from 45 to 64, and 20.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43.6 years. For every 100 females there were 95.80 males. For every 100 females, there were 99.1 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $44,018, and the median income for a family was $58,127. The per capita income for the county was $24,771. About 6.3% of families and 11.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including 15.7% of those under age 18 and 8.3% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Archer
Calumet
Hartley
Paullina
Primghar
Sanborn
Sheldon
Sutherland
Unincorporated communities
Gaza
Germantown
Moneta
Townships
Baker Township
Caledonia Township
Carroll Township
Center Township
Dale Township
Floyd Township
Franklin Township
Grant Township
Hartley Township
Highland Township
Liberty Township
Lincoln Township
Omega Township
Summit Township
Union Township
Waterman Township
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of O'Brien County.
† county seat
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in O'Brien County, Iowa
Indian Village Site in the Witrock Area
References
External links
O'Brien County Portal style website, Government, Business, Tourism and more
IaGenWeb O'Brien county history, Biographies, and more
City-Data Comprehensive Statistical Data and more about O'Brien County
1851 establishments in Iowa
Populated places established in 1851
Choe Hyong-gil (born 11 September 1976) is a former North Korean diver. He competed in the men's 10 metre platform events at the 1996, 2000 and 2004 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1976 births
Living people
Divers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Divers at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Divers at the 2004 Summer Olympics
North Korean male divers
Olympic divers of North Korea
Divers at the 1998 Asian Games
Asian Games competitors for North Korea
Trevor Kirczenow (born 1985) is a transgender health researcher and diabetes healthcare advocate. He is an author and community organizer in the field of LGBTQ lactation and infant feeding. He has run twice as a candidate for the Liberal Party of Canada.
Biography
Kirczenow earned a Bachelor of Political Science honours degree from the University of British Columbia.
Research
In 2014, Kirczenow formed a research team through the University of Ottawa which obtained funding from the Canadian Institutes of Health Research to conduct qualitative research about transmasculine individuals' experiences of pregnancy, birthing, and feeding their newborns.
The group's research paper, "Transmasculine individuals' experiences with lactation, chestfeeding, and gender identity: a qualitative study," contains the first known use of the word "chestfeeding" in the title of an academic paper, which is a term preferred by some transmasculine individuals to describe their lactation and nursing relationship.
Kirczenow says "There is this assumption that goes along with the ‘born in the wrong body' narrative, that if you are a trans guy you would want a hysterectomy and never use your body to carry a pregnancy." He noted that none of the participants' surgeons discussed the potential for future chestfeeding before performing top surgery, and that "the range of experiences and showing more nuance, more complexity, about transgender lives is what is most important in this study."
Federal politics
Kirczenow was the first openly transgender candidate to have been nominated by a major Canadian political party for a federal election. He ran for the Liberal Party candidate for Provencher in the 2019 Canadian federal election and the 2021 Canadian federal election, finishing second both times.
Pregnancy and birth
Having been assigned female at birth, Kirczenow transitioned to male by taking testosterone and undergoing chest surgery. When he and his partner decided to start a family, on advice from a doctor, Kirczenow stopped hormone therapy and was able to become pregnant. Although Kirczenow did not plan to breastfeed and assumed it would not be possible, he decided to try after learning that "even a small amount of milk could be really valuable to my baby," and that "breastfeeding is about more than the milk. It can be a relationship too and a whole way of parenting."
Application for La Leche League leadership
Before his child was born, Kirczenow (under his married name, MacDonald), sought peer-to-peer support from his local chapter of La Leche League (LLL), the international breastfeeding organization. He was later asked to assume a volunteer leadership position. However, La Leche League Canada (LLLC) rejected his query, saying "the topic has never arisen in the 56-year history of our organization" and "since an LLLC leader is a mother who breastfed a baby, a man cannot become an LLLC leader."
The board of La Leche League International (LLLI) reviewed the policy, citing its mandate to be a "nondiscriminatory service organization." A year later, they revised their policy to allow leaders to serve no matter their gender. LLLI spokesperson Diana West commented, "It was thought that only women could breastfeed. Once it became clear it wasn't as straightforward as that, the policy had to change. We're just trying to be on the right side of history. Yes, we took a year to do it, but we did it in a way that was fair and unequivocal."
In 2016, Kirczenow became the first-ever transgender man to be accredited as a La Leche League leader. LLLI said to other leaders: "We recognize that any breastfeeding parent, regardless of whether they self-identify as a mother or father, should be – and is now – welcome to investigate LLL Leadership. There are other prerequisites that a potential Leader needs to satisfy, but being a woman isn't one of them.”
Community organization and advocacy
In 2012, Kirczenow founded the international advocacy and support group, "Birthing and Breast or Chestfeeding Trans People and Allies". The group currently has over 6800 members.
After his son was diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes, Kirczenow co-founded the advocacy group Emergency Diabetes Support for Manitobans in 2020, advocating for improved coverage in Manitoba and a national Pharmacare plan for people who cannot afford lifesaving medication. The group was successful in lobbying for continuous glucose monitors and improvements to insulin pump coverage from the province.
Midwifery care for trans clients
In 2015, several commentators claimed that Kirczenow, who was attended by midwives during his pregnancies, had forced the Midwives Alliance of North America (MANA) to stop using gendered language such as "mothers" and "pregnant women." However, Snopes reported that while MANA did change some of the language in their core materials to clarify they welcomed transgender and cisgender clients in their scope of practice, those decisions were based on their own standards of care, inclusion, and position on gender identity, and not due to pressure from Kirczenow or any other trans people.
Following MANA's announcement, a group of midwives penned an open letter to MANA protesting what they viewed as "the erasure of women from the language of birth." Kirczenow wrote a response in the Huffington Post saying that "trans, genderqueer and intersex people have been giving birth for as long as women-identified people have" and "it is possible to be inclusive." Several other associations of midwives subsequently issued statements supportive of MANA and gender nonconforming clients.
Works
Kirczenow, under his married last name MacDonald, has written for The Guardian, The Advocate, the Huffington Post, Out Magazine and This Magazine. He is a public speaker about transgender people and reproductive health, including lactation.
He is first author on the first peer-reviewed medical research article on the subject of transmasculine infant chestfeeding.
Kirczenow is the author of a tip sheet for volunteer leaders who are providing support to transgender, transsexual, and genderfluid individuals who wish to nurse their babies and was profiled in La Leche League International's magazine, Breastfeeding Today.
Kirczenow's 2016 biography, "Where's the Mother? Stories from a Transgender Dad," has been added to the required reading list for Doula Trainings International, who commented that the book is "eye-opening for new and seasoned doulas alike." It was reviewed by Publishers Weekly as "frank, clever, and easy to process ... a refreshing and insightful narrative." The work has also received coverage in The New York Times, The Guardian, The Toronto Star, Buzzfeed, Gay Star News, Metro UK, The Advocate, Rewire, and on the Canadian Television Network's national newscast.
References
1985 births
Living people
Transgender men
Transgender writers
LGBT writers from Canada
Canadian male non-fiction writers
21st-century Canadian non-fiction writers
Liberal Party of Canada candidates for the Canadian House of Commons
Candidates in the 2019 Canadian federal election
Candidates in the 2021 Canadian federal election
Manitoba candidates for Member of Parliament
LGBT politicians from Canada
Canadian classical violinists
LGBT classical musicians
Edward L. Athey (October 26, 1921 – February 28, 2010) was a sports coach and athletic director at Washington College. His name was enshrined in the school's Hall of Fame on October 15, 1982. Athey were born in Moundsville, West Virginia but grew up and went to high school in Cumberland, Maryland. He died in Chestertown, Maryland, the home of Washington College.
Playing career, education, and military service
Athey were a three-sport athlete while he attended Washington College, having roles as the quarterback on the football team, a guard on the basketball team, and also an outfielder for the school's baseball team. The fall of 1942 going into the spring of 1943 was a very successful time for Athey as he was a member of the soccer, basketball, and baseball teams for the Shoremen. Although the archives for the soccer team only began in 1946, the 1942–43 basketball team went 14–4. Also, in the spring Ed Athey went 3–3 as an outfielder for the Shoremen baseball team.
Athey's college career as a student and an athlete was interrupted when he enlisted in the United States Army Air Forces after the 1943 spring semester. He served as a flight instructor and later as a pilot in China, Burma, and India during World War II. His main line of duty included flights of C-47s of supply forces over the Himalaya Mountains to China.
He returned to Washington College after serving in the war and earned his bachelor's degree in 1947. Upon graduation, he was awarded the Gold Pentagon, Clark-Porter Character Medal, and was named Best All-Around Athlete.
Coaching career
Athey coached the Shoremen baseball team for 28 seasons, from 1968 to 1997 while only taking one year off. He also coached the Shoremen basketball team for 12 seasons and the Shoremen soccer team for 30 seasons.
Administrative career
Athey went through many different positions throughout his lifetime. Ed Athey were Washington College's athletic director from 1949 to 1987 which is a tremendous accomplishment considering he was only two years removed from graduating before he was appointed the position. Along with serving as the school's athletic director, he also served as the president of the Mason-Dixon Conference and the president of the Mid-Atlantic Conference. He is also a former-president of the Intercollegiate Lacrosse Association and also a secretary in the same association.
Honors
Athey Park is home to Washington College's oldest intercollegiate sport—baseball. The facility is named in honor of Athey. A new field was installed in 2007 and the current stadium architecture and press box were completed in 2009. The college's "Western Shore" dorms line the outfield and students often grill and lounge in "Atheyville" on game days.
On October 4, 2008, the groundbreaking ceremonies for the Washington College baseball team's new home commenced. Former athletes, coaches, administrators, and students were in attendance for the groundbreaking, which took place prior to the team's annual alumni game. At the ceremony, Athey were honored with a commemorative plaque, which was corner-stoned into the new park. On April 18, 2009, after months of construction, Athey Park was dedicated to Athey prior to a double-header ballgame between Washington College and Dickinson College. Washington College swept the series by scores of 13–4 and 12–11, respectively, with the second game being capped off by a walk-off home run by freshman Ben Keaton in the bottom of the ninth inning.
Written works
Athey is a co-author of the book Athey's Field which was published in 2009 by the Literary Press House of Washington College. The following is an excerpt from the book:
Ed Athey '47 got mad once. It's true because even he remembers it.
He was in his second year of employment at Washington College when he lost his temper, and it was because he Shoremen Basketball Team was getting badly whipped in the first half of a contest. "I knew we didn't have our heads in the game and I wanted to shake the boys up at half time," he remembered. "I stormed into the locker room with a basketball in my hand intending to throw it against the wall as hard as I could --- you know, get their attention. So, I cocked back and heave the ball, and it went right through the locker room window. That cost me a few dollars."
Head coaching record
Baseball
1968: 6–10
1969: 6–10
1970: 7–7
1971: 5–9
1972: 6–5
1974: 3–8
1975: 3–4
1976: 7–15
1977: 5–11–1
1978: 8–10
1979: 9–11–1
1980: 8–7
1981: 6–15
1982: 11–9
1983: 16–16
1984: 19–11–2 (MAC Tournament)
1985: 11–10
1986: 19–9
1987: 18–15
1988: 16–8
1989: 7–15
1990: 13–14–2
1991: 16–9
1992: 12–16
1993: 11–15
1994: 17–10
1995: 15–12
1996: 19–11
1997: 21–13
Basketball
1948–49: 7–11
1949–50: 13–9 (Mason-Dixon Conf. Tournament)
1950–51: 8–14
1951–52: 12–12 (Mason-Dixon Conf. Tournament)
1952–53: 8–15
1955–56: 9–11
1956–57: 5–15
1957–58: 10–10
1958–59: 11–10 (Mason-Dixon Conf. Tournament)
1959–60: 10–11 (Mason-Dixon Conf. Tournament)
1960–61: 11–9 (Mason-Dixon Conf. Tournament)
1961–62: 7–14 (Mason-Dixon Conf. Tournament)
1962–63: 3–17 (Mason-Dixon Conf. Tournament)
Soccer
1949: 3–3–3
1950: 6–3
1953: 5–2–4
1954: 7–3–2 (MAC Champions)
1955: 5–2–3
1956: 4–3–3
1957: 7–3
1958: 7–1–2
1959: 8–2–2 (MAC Tournament)
1960: 7–4
1961: 7–3–1 (Mason-Dixon Conf. Champions)
1962: 3–5–2
1963: 8–2–2
1964: 11–1 (Mason-Dixon Conf. Champions)
1965: 8–4 (MAC Tournament)
1966: 3–6–1
1967: 7–4
1968: 5–6–1
1969: 8–2–2 (Mason-Dixon Conf. Tournament, MAC Co-Champions)
1970: 4–7–1
1971: 9–4–1 (Mason-Dixon Conf. Tournament, MAC Tournament)
1972: 11–3
1973: 9–5–1 (Mason-Dixon Conf. Tournament, MAC Tournament, NCAA Tournament)
1974: 8–4–1
1975: 10–3
1976: 7–6–1
1977: 6–5
1978: 10–5–2
1979: 11–5–2
1980: 6–8–1
1981:6–7–1
References
1921 births
2010 deaths
American football quarterbacks
Washington College Shoremen baseball coaches
Washington College Shoremen baseball players
Washington College Shoremen basketball coaches
Washington College Shoremen basketball players
Washington College Shoremen football players
Washington College Shoremen and Shorewomen athletic directors
College men's soccer coaches in the United States
United States Army Air Forces pilots of World War II
People from Moundsville, West Virginia
Sportspeople from Cumberland, Maryland
Players of American football from Maryland
American men's basketball players
American soccer coaches
Basketball coaches from Maryland
Basketball players from Maryland
Punjab Assembly Committee on Government Assurances of Punjab Legislative Assembly is constituted annually for a one year period from among the members of the Assembly. This Committee consists of thirteen members.
Functions
The functions of the Committee are explained below.
Appointment
The speaker appoints the committee and its members every year for a one year term according to the powers conferred by Article 208 of the Constitution of India read with section 32 of the States Reorganisation Act, 1956 (37 of 1956), and in pursuance of Rules 232(1) and 2(b) of the Rules of Procedure and Conduct of Business in the Punjab Legislative Assembly.
Members
For the one year period starting May 2022, the Committee on Government Assurances of 16th Punjab Assembly had the following members:
Chairpersons
Previous members
For the one year period in previous years, the Committee on Government Assurances of 15th Punjab Assembly had the following members:
2020–21
2019–20
2018–19
2017–18
References
Committees of the Punjab Legislative Assembly
Silmsi is a village in Järva Parish, Järva County in northern Estonia.
References
Villages in Järva County
Bill Tyson is a multi-award-winning Irish writer, producer and journalist. He currently works with DCTV and the Irish Mail on Sunday having just completed a radio documentary for RTE. Previously he worked for the Sunday Tribune and the Irish Independent.
Journalism
From 2013 to the present, Tyson has been a columnist and analyst with the Irish Daily Mail and Irish Mail On Sunday titles. Recently he exposed how Big Tech companies accept advertising for illegal products and fraudulent activities, only being legally obliged to take them down later, and campaigned for change via the upcoming Digital Services Act.
In 2008 Tyson resigned from the Tribune over the immediate sacking of a fellow journalist following a complaint from a leading advertiser about one of his articles.
In 2006, as correspondent for the Sunday Tribune he exposed a highly-controversial lend-to-invest spree at ACC Bank, which was followed by the resignation of ACC's CEO, receiving an "honourable mention" in the inaugural UCD Michael Smurfit Graduate Business School Business Journalism Awards.
Tyson won three ESB national media awards for journalism. Two of these (in 2000 and 2002) were for campaigning investigative journalism into the Irish Nationwide Building Society. In 2004, he won another ESB media award for stories on borrowers who were lured into unaffordable debts and subjected to aggressive repossession tactics.
TV
Late 2020 saw production begin on Romancing Ireland, a six part series on sustainable food production for DCTV funded by the Sound & Vision fund that challenges people from different nationalities to source Irish ingredients when preparing traditional meals from their respective countries with Tyson on board in a producer role.
Tyson, who has an MA in screenwriting, co-wrote and produced a four-hour television series for DCTV, The House
From 2011 to 2013, Tyson was a reporter on the RTÉ TV series The Consumer Show.
Tyson exposed the dangers of detergent tabs to children sparking a Dáil debate and child-friendly improvements to safety practices. He has also highlighted the Payment Protection Insurance mis-selling controversy, following which widespread repayments were made by banks to thousands of consumers. He also exposed high mortgage rates charged at the time by Permanent tsb. These rates were reduced shortly after the issue was aired on the show.
Two other documentaries produced by Tyson for DCTV with S&V funding were A Century of Sailing, on the oldest sailing boats in the world still racing, and Little Jerusalem, a portrayal of a tiny Irish Jewish community, which has had an extraordinary impact on Irish Life.
Radio
In 2020 Tyson produced Nicolas Cruz Hernandez: Still Fighting a radio documentary about a Cuban who coached Ireland to Olympic boxing glory for RTE 1's highly regarded DocOn1 team.
Tyson also recently produced Dearest Mother, a one-hour radio documentary about World War I for Community Radio Youghal funded under the BAI's Sound & Vision scheme. Based on letters home from the front voiced by local actors, the production was inspired when a letter written by a granduncle he had never heard of was unexpectedly read out on an RTE radio history programme.
Film
The Tyson-produced short film "Whatever Turns You On" premiered at the Galway Film Fleadh and went on to win eight international awards including Best Short Short at Aspen Shortsfest USA 2009, an 'Oscar' qualifying event. In the same month it was short-listed for the award of Best Short Film at the Boston Irish Film Festival and received a theatrical release in Ireland and France. The short was also bought by TV stations in Poland, Ireland, Belgium, France and the UK. The year 2009 also saw the release of the short film Veronique – penned and produced by Tyson – under the Irish Film Board's Virtual Cinema scheme. Veronique was acquired by NBC Asia and screened in several countries with a potential audience of billions.
Books
Tyson wrote and published an annual finance book – Your Money – which was a top ten non-fiction best-seller several times between 1996 and 2004.
In 2006, a biography of Mayoman Admiral William Brown written by well-known Argentine author Marcos Aguinis and translated by Bill Tyson was published to critical acclaim.
Other work
Tyson is currently treasurer of Dublin Community Television (DCTV). He has also ben involved in a project which taught video production skills to disadvantaged youth in Drogheda in 2010. For the following three years he worked on two major EU media-related youth education projects: Happy Days and Digital Latin Quarter.
References
independent.ie
independent.ie
acc-bank-taps-into-bottomless-well-of-spending tribune.maithu.com
rte.ie
smurfitschool.ie
independent.ie
Irish writers
Irish film producers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Seton Healthcare Family, also known as Seton Family of Hospitals, is a Roman Catholic-affiliated hospital network in the Greater Austin area. It is a member of Ascension, a not-for-profit health organization located in St. Louis, Missouri.
History
A grassroots effort in the 1890s by citizens of Austin, Texas led to the opening of the Seton Infirmary on May 26, 1902. The citizenry asked the Daughters of Charity of St. Vincent de Paul to construct a Catholic hospital to take care of the sick and poor.
Over 100 years later the one 42-bed hospital, originally known as "Seton Infirmary" and located at 600 West 26th Street in Austin, Texas, has grown to serve a population of more than 1.8 million, with a special regard for the sick and poor. A Catholic health organization, Seton provides millions of dollars in charity care for the uninsured every year.
The healthcare network now includes five major medical centers, two of which are designated Level I Trauma Centers. Dell Children's Medical Center of Central Texas is the only dedicated hospital for children in the region. Seton also operates two community hospitals, two rural hospitals and a mental health hospital along with multiple locations for outpatient medical services and three primary care clinics for the uninsured. Four facilities are designated Magnet hospitals by the American Nurses Credentialing Center. Seton has become the largest private employer in Central Texas, with approximately 11,000 associates.
In 2011, Seton partnered with the University of Texas System Board of Regents and the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas, one of the nation's leading academic medical centers, to increase the amount of medical education and medical research conducted in Central Texas.
Austin CyberKnife Center
Austin CyberKnife is based in the Clinical Education Center, on the campus of the former University Medical Center Brackenridge campus.
The Austin CyberKnife Center is a cancer treatment center using CyberKnife technology to treat malignant and benign tumors throughout the body. It has a Lung Optimization Treatment (LOT) System.
Facilities
Ascension Seton Williamson
Dell Seton Medical Center at The University of Texas
Dell Children's Medical Center of Central Texas
Seton Medical Center Austin
Seton Edgar B. Davis Hospital
Seton Highland Lakes Hospital
Seton Northwest Hospital
Seton Southwest Hospital
Seton Shoal Creek Hospital
Cedar Park Regional Medical Center
Seton Medical Center Hays
Central Texas Rehabilitation Hospital
Seton Smithville Regional Hospital
Seton Medical Center Harker Heights
Former
Brackenridge Hospital (owned by the City of Austin, contracted to Seton from 1995, until its closure in 2017)
Awards
Maternity Qualify Matters Award, Childbirth Connection
Dell Children's LEED Platinum, US Green Building Council
Top 100 Integrated Health Systems, Verispan
Ernest A. Codman Award, Joint Commission
References
External links
Seton Healthcare Family
Healthcare in Texas
Hospital networks in the United States
Cancer hospitals
Medical and health organizations based in Texas
Boyd Hill was an unincorporated community in western York County, South Carolina, but was annexed into the city of Rock Hill in the late 1940s. Boyd Hill is now a neighborhood of Rock Hill located at latitude 34.9396, longitude -81.0442 off of Cherry Road in the southwestern portion of the city. The elevation of the neighborhood is 641 feet (195 m).
See also
Oakdale, South Carolina
Ebenezer, South Carolina
Newport, South Carolina
References
Geography of York County, South Carolina
Rock Hill, South Carolina
Neighborhoods in South Carolina
The Jesse R. Siler House is a historic house at 115 West Main Street in Franklin, North Carolina. It is prominently sited at the base of the hill on which most of the city is located. A two-story log structure was built on this site c. 1819, and expanded between 1820 and 1830 by Jesse Siler, a prominent early settler of the area. It was modified significantly over the 19th century, most notably receiving a prominent Greek Revival tetrastyle portico. It retains many interior features from Siler's period of modification, exhibiting transitional Georgian-Federal styling in its mantels.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Macon County, North Carolina
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Georgian architecture in North Carolina
Federal architecture in North Carolina
Houses completed in 1820
Houses in Macon County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Macon County, North Carolina
The Polish Left () is a left-wing political party in Poland.
History
Former Prime Minister Leszek Miller announced the formation of the Polish Left on September 20, 2007, because he was not on the list of Left and Democrats. In his announcement, Miller said that the new party would be a "true leftist" alternative to the LiD coalition. In 2007 election Leszek Miller started from Self-Defence of the Republic of Poland.
The Polish Left party was formed when the Prime Minister and many other members of parliament withdrew from the Democratic Left Alliance, which Miller had headed for many years. His departure from the DLA also served as a public protest against the policies of party leaders, regarded by the protesters as not liberal enough.
Miller was the leader of the party from 2001 to 2004. Other prominent members are the former Secretary General of the DLA, Marek Dyduch, and former Sejm Member Krzysztof Jagiełło.
Before 2019 election Polish Left got into litigations with Democratic Left Alliance and put up three candidates for senators including Monika Jaruzelska who was criticized by some left-wing politicians for conservatives views. Leszek Miller, current MEP from SLD declared that it is likely to create a new leftist party or coalition in opposition to the SLD and The Left.
References
External links
Official site
2007 establishments in Poland
Political parties established in 2007
Political parties in Poland
Social democratic parties in Poland
2016 Myanmar earthquake
April 2016 Myanmar earthquake - magnitude 6.9
August 2016 Myanmar earthquake - magnitude 6.8
See also
List of earthquakes in 2016
Metelin may refer to:
Metelin, Hrubieszów County
Metelin, Kraśnik County
People with the surname
Johannes Metelin, printer associated with Heinrich Eggestein
See also
Mytilene
William J. Murchison Jr. (born August 2, 1956) is an American professional golfer.
Murchison played on the PGA Tour and its developmental tour (Ben Hogan Tour/Nike Tour, now Web.com Tour) from 1979 to 1996. On the PGA Tour (1979–80, 1983, 1993), his best finish was T-12 at the 1980 B.C. Open. On the Nike Tour (1992, 1994–96), he won the 1995 Nike Tallahassee Open.
Murchison is president and CEO of Murchison Drilling Schools, a company founded by his father, that trains oil field drilling personnel. They provide training in drilling operations and well control.
Murchison grew up in Iran, where his father worked for the oil consortium. His family spent fifteen years in Iran, living in Agha Jari, Masjed-I-Sulaiman, Tehran, and Ahwaz. He also learned to play golf in Iran, playing on oil/sand greens and dirt fairways.
Murchison was ordained in 1986 as a minister of the gospel. He has served as a pastor in a number of churches, and also spent three years as a chaplain at a maximum security prison. Currently, he is the lead pastor of the Connection Church in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
His son, Bill Murchison III, is a PGA assistant pro at Towne Lake Hills Golf Club in Woodstock, Georgia and played in the 2012 PGA Championship.
Professional wins (1)
Nike Tour wins (1)
Nike Tour playoff record (0–2)
Results in major championships
CUT = missed the half-way cut
"T" = tied
Note: Murchison only played in the U.S. Open.
See also
Spring 1978 PGA Tour Qualifying School graduates
Fall 1979 PGA Tour Qualifying School graduates
1982 PGA Tour Qualifying School graduates
1992 PGA Tour Qualifying School graduates
References
External links
American male golfers
PGA Tour golfers
Golfers from Louisiana
Sportspeople from Lake Charles, Louisiana
1956 births
Living people
William Shaffir is a Canadian sociologist. Shaffir has conducted studies on Canadian Jews, particularly on Hasidic Jews in Canada. He is the Associate Chair of the Sociology Department at McMaster University. He co-authored the book The Jews in Canada.
Sociological research
William Shaffir has conducted a number of qualitative studies on Canadian Jewry.
Studies on Canadian Hasidim
Shaffir has conducted studies on several of the Hasidic groups in Montreal, including the Chabad-Lubavitch and Tosh Hasidic communities.
External links
Shaffir's website on the Tosh community
References
Living people
Jewish Canadian sociologists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Arcobara multilineata is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in south-eastern Arizona and Mexico.
The length of the forewings is 10–12 mm.
References
Moths described in 1887
Sterrhini
Moths of North America
, also known by his Chinese style name , was a bureaucrat of the Ryukyu Kingdom.
In the summer 1555, King Shō Sei became seriously ill. The king ordered three members of Sanshikan, Gusukuma Shūshin, Kunigami Keimei and Aragusuku Anki, to assist the Crown Prince Shō Gen. But Gusukuma and Kunigami broke their promises, they wanted to install Prince Shō Kanshin () instead of Shō Gen. Aragusuku stood in the audience hall with a naginata in his hand, and called on all ministers to comply with the will. Finally, Shō Gen became the new king successfully. Gusukuma and Kunigami were exiled to Iheya Island and Kume Island in 1559, respectively. They lost official position and peerage and were forbidden to come back to Shuri until their political opponent Aragusuku died 1567. He regained his peerage and was given Jana village () of Chatan magiri () as his new hereditary fief.
References
1507 births
1585 deaths
Ueekata
Sanshikan
People of the Ryukyu Kingdom
Ryukyuan people
16th-century Ryukyuan people
The 2008 UEFA Women's Cup Final was played on 17 May and 24 May 2008 between Frankfurt of Germany and Umeå of Sweden. Frankfurt won 4–3 on aggregate.
Match details
First leg
Second leg
Women's Cup
Uefa Women's Cup Final 2008
Uefa Women's Cup Final 2008
2008
UEFA
UEFA
Sports competitions in Umeå
21st century in Frankfurt
Sports competitions in Frankfurt
May 2008 sports events in Europe
2000s in Hesse
is a former Japanese football player.
Playing career
Yoshimi was born in Yamagata Prefecture on June 16, 1982. After graduating from high school, he joined the J2 League club Montedio Yamagata in 2001. He debuted against Vegalta Sendai on October 13. He also played against Sagan Tosu on October 17. He only played these two matches before moving to the Japan Football League club Sagawa Printing in 2003. There he played many matches as a regular player. He retired at the end of the 2003 season.
Club statistics
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Association football people from Yamagata Prefecture
Japanese footballers
J2 League players
Japan Football League players
Montedio Yamagata players
SP Kyoto FC players
Association football midfielders
The Reverend John Wakeford (died 13 February 1930) was a Church of England clergyman who was convicted of adultery and deprived of his post as Archdeacon of Stow in a celebrated court case in 1921.
Church career
Wakeford was the son of an employee of Plymouth dockyard. He took holy orders in 1884 at Exeter, and subsequently obtained a Bachelor of Divinity degree at the University of Durham. He served as Vicar of St Margaret's, Anfield, Liverpool from 1893; this appointment was at first difficult as Wakeford came from the high church tradition which was not the tradition of the diocese. He was promoted to be a prebendary at Lincoln Cathedral at the end of 1910. He became Archdeacon of Stow in July 1913.
Scandal
In February 1921 Wakeford was convicted of charges under the Clergy Discipline Act 1892 that he had committed adultery at a hotel in Peterborough in March and April 1920. He appealed to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, which dismissed his appeal. As a result of his conviction he was deprived of the post of Archdeacon of Stow, but he was not removed from holy orders. Wakeford continued to dispute the finding, bringing proceedings for slander against the managing clerk of the Bishop of Lincoln's solicitors. As a result of the fight and his legal bills, he was bankrupted in 1924.
Death
He was removed to Barming Heath Asylum on 6 March 1928, having suffered a breakdown, and died there on 13 February 1930.
References
1930 deaths
Alumni of Durham University
19th-century English Anglican priests
20th-century English Anglican priests
Year of birth missing
Archdeacons of Stow
People convicted of adultery
Roland Reiss (May 15, 1929– December 13, 2020) was an American artist known for his miniature tableaus and paintings.
Early life and education
Roland Reiss was born in Chicago, Illinois in 1929, during the Great Depression. He moved with his family at age 13 to Pomona, California. While he attended Pomona High School, he was inspired to become an artist after hearing Millard Sheets speak on art. He later studied art at Mt. San Antonio College and UCLA. He served in the US Army as a Sergeant First Class, managing forty artists working at Camp Roberts.
Career
Reiss began his art career as an abstract painter, however his work in the area gained little critical attention. Reiss gained notoriety when he began producing miniature tableaux in the 1970s that used plexiglass to encase or divide the scenes. Reiss was included in the 1975 Whitney Biennial and in Documenta 7, held in 1982.
In 1956, Reiss began teaching painting at the University of Colorado Boulder. In 1971, he was hired at Claremont Graduate University, where he headed the art department for 30 years. The university established an endowed chair in art in his name in 2010. In his retirement, he directed Painting's Edge, a summer artist's residency for Idyllwild Arts from 2000 to 2007. In 2009, he received the College Art Association Award for the Distinguished Teaching of Art.
Reiss' personal papers are held by the Smithsonian Archives of American Art.
Collections
Los Angeles County Museum of Art
Whitney Museum of Art, New York
Los Angeles Museum of Contemporary Art
Hammer Museum
References
External links
Official site
1929 births
2020 deaths
Artists from Chicago
University of California, Los Angeles alumni
Claremont Graduate University faculty
Skybus may refer to:
Airlines
Skybus Airlines, a former American airline
SkyBus International Airlines, a Kazakh charter airline
Skybus (Aqua Avia), a proposed privately owned airline in New Zealand during the 1970s
Isles of Scilly Skybus, a British airline
Other transport
Skybus Metro, a defunct rapid transit proposal in India
SkyBus (airport bus), an airport bus service in Melbourne, Hobart and Gold Coast (Australia) and Auckland (New Zealand)
Sky Bus Transport System, intercity buses in Ethiopia
Transit Expressway Revenue Line, commonly known as "Skybus", a proposed people mover system in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
See also
Airbus
was a Japanese drummer in the Kumi odori tradition. In 2003 he was recognised as a Living National Treasure, holder of an Important Intangible Cultural Heritage. Shimabukuro was the first kumiodori performer to be accorded this accolade.
References
1920 births
2006 deaths
20th-century Japanese musicians
20th-century Japanese male musicians
Béatrice Mouthon (born 14 June 1966 in Annecy) is an athlete from France, who competes in triathlon.
Mouthon competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. She took thirty-fifth place with a total time of 2:11:08.08. Her split times were 21:15.48 for the swim, 1:09:03.90 for the cycling, and 0:40:48.70 for the run.
Her twin sister, Isabelle Mouthon-Michellys, also competed in the 2000 Olympic triathlon.
References
sports-reference
1966 births
Living people
French female triathletes
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Olympic triathletes of France
Twin people from France
Sportspeople from Annecy
Twin sportspeople
Baaghi is a series of Indian Hindi-language action thriller films. All films are produced by Sajid Nadiadwala under the banner of Nadiadwala Grandson Entertainment while the first film is distributed by UTV Motion Pictures and the second and third are by Fox Star Studios. The first film Baaghi was released in 2016 and directed by Sabbir Khan and the second and third films Baaghi 2 (2018) and Baaghi 3 (2020) are directed by Ahmed Khan. Baaghi 2 till date is the most successful film in the franchise grossing over worldwide.
Overview
Baaghi
Ronny, a rebellious and a strong martial artist faces his biggest battle when he has to travel to Thailand, to rescue the love of his life from a dreaded martial arts world champion who is also his biggest enemy.
Baaghi 2
A Battle-Hardened and an Rebellious Indian Army Officer goes in search of his ex-girlfriends Child who is mysteriously kidnapped. Neha reaches out to the only person who can help her with her plight Ronnie. He goes deep into the underbelly of Goa, facing off aganist drug lords, menacing Russian henchmen, and blood-thirsty animals. Daring Stunts, chase sequences, air strikes, bomb blasts, and other large scale action sequences will be done with a bona-fide, larger than life approach, truly making it a spectacle. The Rebel For Love gets ready to fight.
Baaghi 3
Ronnie, a young man, shares a deep bond with Vikram, his elder brother and a policeman. When Vikram gets kidnapped in Syria while on a mission, Ronnie sets out to rescue him taking on an entire country.
Films
Baaghi
It is the Hindi remake of the Telugu film Varsham, with a climax inspired by the 2011 Indonesian film The Raid: Redemption. It stars Tiger Shroff and Shraddha Kapoor in the lead roles and Sudheer Babu in his Hindi debut, with Sunil Grover in a supporting role.Baaghi was released worldwide on 29 April 2016. Made on a budget of , the film earned over worldwide.
Baaghi 2
Based on the Telugu film Kshanam, and serving as the second installment in this series. It stars Tiger Shroff as the titular protagonist with Disha Patani in the lead role.Baaghi 2 was released worldwide on 30 March 2018 including 3500 screens in India. Although the action sequences and the cast performances received praise, the film was criticized for its inconsistent script and direction. The film grossed over worldwide to become the third highest-grossing Bollywood film of 2018.
Baaghi 3
A sequel, Baaghi 3, was commissioned after the success of the previous film and was also directed by Ahmed Khan, with both Tiger and Shraddha reprising their roles and Sunit Morarjee in a cameo role.The core plot of the film is based on the 2012 Tamil film Vettai,The film co-stars Jaideep Ahlawat, Vijay Varma, Jameel Khoury and Disha Patani, who played the female lead in the previous film, makes a special appearance in the song "Do You Love Me".The action sequences were choreographed by Ram Chella, Lakshman Chella, and Kecha Khampadkee.Baaghi 3 was theatrically released in India on 6 March 2020. The film's collections were affected by the COVID-19 pandemic as the theatres were shut down. There were plans for a re-release once the outbreak would end, but the makers instead decided to release it on digital platforms.The film became the second highest grossing bollywood film of 2020.
Baaghi 4 (2023)
On 9 March 2020, Ahmed Khan said, "The owner of the film is Sajid Nadiadwala. If he decides that we should go ahead with Baaghi 4, we will do it. But we will keep the franchise alive definitely."On 11 April 2020, while interacting with Bollywood Hungama, Tiger Shroff said, “You know I have gotten so many messages and so many calls from people who've said they have unfortunately missed Baaghi 3, because of the situation in the world. They were really etching to see but could not, because of all that was happening. So, the only thing on my mind right now is Baaghi 3, and as you said, I hope they re-release the film. If not, then Baaghi 4 is definitely on the cards.”
Recurring cast and characters
This table lists the main characters who appear in the Baaghi Franchise.
List indicator(s)
A dark grey cell indicates the character was not in the film.
Additional crew and production details
Release and revenue
References
External links
Hindi-language films
Indian action films
Indian sequel films
Masala films
Kalarippayattu films
Hindi remakes of Telugu films
Hindi remakes of Tamil films
Indian action thriller films
Films about kidnapping
Indian martial arts films
Indian films about revenge
Fox Star Studios films
See also
YRF Spy Universe
ABCD (franchise)
Dinesh Vijan's horror-comedy universe
Cop Universe
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1592.
Events
February 5–7 – Ulysses Redux, a Latin play by William Gager, is staged by members of Christ Church, Oxford. Two days later, they revive Gager's 1583 Latin play Rivales (now lost).
February 26 – The first firmly recorded performance of Christopher Marlowe's The Jew of Malta is given by Lord Strange's Men in London.
June 23 – The London theatres close and apart from a brief spell around January 1593 remain so for about 16 months due to an epidemic of bubonic plague.
September 3 – The English writer Robert Greene dies in London of a "banquet of Rhenish wine and pickled herring", having apparently completed Greene's Groats-Worth of Wit (published soon after), including a reference to "an upstart Crow, beautified with our feathers", taken to be the first published (critical) reference to Shakespeare as a playwright.
September 26 – Rivales is performed again by members of Christ Church, with Queen Elizabeth I of England in the audience, during her second visit to the University of Oxford.
October–December – Pembroke's Men, an English playing company, is known to be in existence, acting in Leicester and at Court in London.
November 9 – The Sixto-Clementine Vulgate is promulgated.
December 18 – An entry in the Stationers' Register may refer to Marlowe's Doctor Faustus, perhaps marking the year of its first performance.
New books
Prose
Antonio Agustin – , with woodcuts by Geronima Parasole (the first known printed book with illustrations by a woman)
Isaac Casaubon – New edition of Theophrastus's Characteres
Blaise de Montluc (died 1577) –
'P. F.' (translator) – The Historie of the Damnable Life, and Deserved Death of Doctor Iohn Faustus
Robert Greene (died September 3)
The Black Books Messenger
A Disputation Between a Hee Conny-Catcher and a Shee Conny-Catcher
The Third and Last Part of Conycatching
Greene's Groats-Worth of Wit, Bought with a Million of Repentance
Greene's Vision, Written at the Instant of his Death
Philomela
A Quip for an Upstart Courtier
Muhammad al-Idrisi (died 1165) – De geographia universali or Kitāb Nuzhat al-mushtāq fī dhikr al-amṣār wa-al-aqṭār wa-al-buldān wa-al-juzur wa-al-madā' in wa-al-āfāq
Richard Johnson – Nine Worthies of London
Lucas Janszoon Waghenaer – Thresoor der Zeevaert (Treasure of navigation)
Wu Cheng'en (died 1580/2; attributed) – Journey to the West (Xī Yóu Jì)
Drama
Anonymous (variously attributed to Thomas Kyd, William Shakespeare and/or Christopher Marlowe) – Arden of Faversham (published)
Anonymous – A Knack to Know a Knave
William Gager – Ulysses Redux (Latin)
Thomas Kyd – The Spanish Tragedy (undated first printing, almost certainly between October and December in this year; first performed around 1587; first recorded performance November in this year)
John Lyly – Gallathea and Midas published
Christopher Marlowe – Edward II
Thomas Nashe – Summer's Last Will and Testament
William Shakespeare – The Taming of the Shrew (approximate date)
Poetry
Henry Constable – Diana
Michael Drayton – The Shepherd's Garland
Gabriel Harvey – Foure Letters and certaine Sonnets
Births
January 16 (baptised) – Henry King, English poet and bishop (died 1669)
January 22 – Pierre Gassendi, French philosopher and scientist (died 1655)
March 28 – John Amos Comenius (Jan Amos Komenský), Czech teacher and writer (died 1670)
April 4 – Abraham Elzevir, Dutch printer (died 1652)
May 8 – Francis Quarles, English poet (died 1644)
July 10 – Pierre d'Hozier, French historian (died 1660)
August 1 – François le Métel de Boisrobert, French poet (died 1662)
Deaths
July 22 – Ludwig Rabus, German Lutheran theologian (born 1523)
September 3 – Robert Greene, English writer (born 1558)
September 13 – Michel de Montaigne, French essayist (born 1533)
September 26 (burial) – Thomas Watson, English lyric poet writing in English and Latin (born 1555)
References
Years of the 16th century in literature
Porcellionides apulicus is a woodlouse that is endemic to Italy.
References
Porcellionidae
Crustaceans described in 1932
Endemic arthropods of Italy
Woodlice of Europe
Stefan Jarl (born 18 March 1941) is a Swedish film director best known for his documentaries. Together with Jan Lindqvist he made the Mods Trilogy, three films which follow a group of alienated people in Stockholm from the 1960s to the 1990s, They Call Us Misfits (1968), A Respectable Life (1979) and The Social Heritage (1993). A Respectable Life won the 1979 Guldbagge Awards for Best Film and Best Director. Jarl also wrote and directed Jag är din krigare (1997), and directed Terrorists: The Kids They Sentenced (2003), The Girl From Auschwitz (2005), and Submission (2010), a documentary about the "chemical burden" of synthetics and plastics carried by people born after World War II.
At the 25th Guldbagge Awards in 1990 he won the Creative Achievement award and in 2017 Jarl received the Lenin Award.
Selected filmography
They Call Us Misfits (Dom kallar oss mods) codirector Jan Lindqvist
A Respectable Life (Ett anständigt liv, 1979)
Det sociala arvet (1993)
Jag är din krigare (1997)
Terrorists: The Kids They Sentenced (Terrorister - en film om dom dömda, 2003)
Submission (Underkastelsen, 2010)
References
External links
Stefan Jarl's homepage
Swedish film directors
German-language film directors
1941 births
Living people
Best Director Guldbagge Award winners
Producers who won the Best Film Guldbagge Award
The Snigole River is a tributary of the north shore of the Malbaie River flowing generally to the south, especially in the zec du Lac-au-Sable in the unorganized territory of Mont-Élie, then in the territory of Clermont at the end of the route, in the Charlevoix-Est Regional County Municipality, in Quebec, Canada.
This river flowing mainly in forest area has a difference in elevation of . It flows south between the “ruisseau des Américains” (American Creek) (west side) and the Jacob River (east side). After several rounds of rapids, waterfalls and falls in the forest area, the Snigole River flows into the Malbaie River facing the “montagne de la Croix” (mountain of the cross).
The east bank of this small forest valley is mostly accessible by the “chemin des Marais” (path of the Marshes) which goes to the North. Forestry is the main economic activity of the sector; recreational tourism activities, second.
The surface of this stream is generally frozen from mid-December to late-March. Nevertheless, safe ice traffic is generally from late December to mid-March.
Geography
The Snigole River originates at “Deuxième lac des Marais” (Second Marsh Lake) (length: , elevation: ) located on the southeastern side of Mont-Élie in the zec du Lac-au-Sable. This wild lake is located in a small forest and recessed valley. It is enclosed between mountains with a peak reaching in the east, in the south and another one of at West. This lake is aptly named because of marshes on the northwestern shore of the lake. Four streams from the north-west drain the east flank of Mont-Élie via the valley connecting the “Troisième lac des Marais” (third Marsh Lake) (flowing in the “Petit Saguenay River” watershed) with the north, which is located at north of the Second Marsh Lake.
From the mouth of the Second Marsh Lake, the current flows over according to the following segments:
southeasterly, crossing the First Lake of the Marshes on the to the dam at its mouth;
south through several series of rapids and waterfalls, and branch westward at the end of the segment to get around a mountain, up to a bend in the river, where a stream (coming from the west) flows there;
southeasterly, then southerly, in a well-formed valley through three sets of rapids, to the confluence of the marsh stream (coming from the west);
southeasterly under the “chemin des Marais” (Marsh Road) bridge, then easterly to its confluence with the Malbaie River.
The confluence of the Snigole River is at upstream of the dam that results in an enlargement of the Malbaie River and at upstream of the railway bridge spanning the Malbaie River in downtown Clermont.
Toponymy
The origin of the term "Snigole" is uncertain. The first hypothesis would be the deformation of the English word "seagull", meaning "gull"; these domineering birds are usually very present here, except in winter. A second hypothesis is that "Snigole" is similar to the term "Snieguole" meaning "snowman" in the Latvian language. A third hypothesis is that "Snigole" is similar to the term "Smigole" which is a rare name.
The name "Snigole River" was formalized on December 5, 1968, at the Bank of Place Names of the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
Notes et references
Annexes
Related Articles
Zec du Lac-au-Sable, a controlled harvested zone
Mount-Élie, an unorganized territory
Clermont, a municipality
Malbaie River, a watercourse
List of rivers of Quebec
External links
Rivers of Capitale-Nationale
Tributaries of the Saint Lawrence River
Cul or CUL may refer to:
Cambridge University Library
City University London
Columbia University Library
Cumberland, from its Chapman code
Bachigualato Federal International Airport, (IATA airport code: CUL) in Culiacán, Sinaloa, Mexico
Cul (software), a female vocal for Vocaloid 3
Serpent (comics), a Marvel Comics character named Cul Borson
See also
Cul de canard, down feathers of a duck
Cul-de-sac, a short dead-end street
Sir Alexander George William "Bill" Keys, (2 February 1923 – 3 May 2000) was an Australian Army officer and a long-serving president of the Returned and Services League (RSL).
Early life and career
Keys was born in Sydney on 2 February 1923 and grew up on his family's farm at Bombala. He enlisted in the military in 1940 and served with the Second Australian Imperial Force in New Guinea. He was injured at the Battle of Tarakan, and was invalided home for the rest of the war. He also served in the Korean War with the 3rd Battalion, Royal Australian Regiment, although he was also wounded in that conflict. He received the Military Cross in 1952.
Before the Korean War, Keys had been elected to the New South Wales council of the RSL (1947), and he became national secretary of the RSL in 1961, rising to the presidency and retaining it until 1986. Keys, who also served as international president of the Federation of Korean War Veterans Associations, was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire in 1970 and Companion of the Order of Australia in 1988. He was knighted in 1979.
Personal life
Keys married Dulcie Beryl Stinton at St Phillip's Church of England, Auburn on 12 September 1950. The couple had met on the Orion, on a voyage to England in June the previous year.
Keys died at home in Queanbeyan of cancer in 2000. Lady Keys, his widow, died aged 94 on 7 April 2018, survived by their three daughters.
References
1923 births
2000 deaths
Australian Army officers
Australian Knights Bachelor
Australian military personnel of the Korean War
Australian Army personnel of World War II
Companions of the Order of Australia
Australian Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Australian recipients of the Military Cross
Deaths from cancer in New South Wales
The 2006–07 All-Ireland Junior Club Hurling Championship was the fourth staging of the All-Ireland Junior Club Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association.
On 11 March 2007, Danesfort won the championship following a 2–16 to 2–8 defeat of Clooney Gaels in the final.
Results
All-Ireland Junior Club Hurling Championship
Final
References
All-Ireland Junior Club Hurling Championship
All-Ireland Junior Club Hurling Championship
2006
Bališ is a surname, it may refer to:
Boris Bališ, Slovak football winger
Denis Bališ, Slovak football defender
Igor Bališ, Slovak former football defender
Milan Bališ, Slovak ice hockey player
Slavomír Bališ, Slovak football midfielder
Surnames
HMS Quorn was a destroyer of the Royal Navy, built in 1940 and sunk off the Normandy coast on 3 August 1944. The class were named after British fox and stag hunts, in this case, the Quorn Hunt, predominantly based in Leicestershire.
Quorn was built by J. Samuel White and Co. at Cowes, Isle of Wight. A Type 1 Hunt-class destroyer, she was launched on 27 March 1940 and completed on 21 September 1940 with the pennant number L66. She was adopted by the civil community of Rushden, Northamptonshire, as part of Warship Week in 1942.
Service history
1941
Quorn joined the 21st Destroyer Flotilla at Harwich. The flotilla was tasked with convoy protection, anti-shipping and patrol duties. Quorn would stay with the flotilla for the whole of her commission. In April Quorn was superficially damaged by two delay-action bombs, that exploded from her port quarter.
In August whilst on passage from Harwich to Chatham, Quorn set off a mine off her port bow. She was repaired at Chatham Dockyard. This took until September to complete.
1942
In April Quorn hit another mine that blew a hole in the port side of the ship. Two of ship's company were killed and one injured. Her No 1 Boiler Room was flooded and major structural damage sustained. She was towed to Harwich and then to Sheerness where repairs took 4 months to complete.
On 13 October Quorn was one of the five destroyers that intercepted the German auxiliary cruiser in the English Channel. Komet was sunk and two M-class minesweepers were heavily damaged and set on fire. An hour later a second patrolling force of the same operation engaged a group of escort vessels, sinking an R boat, (minesweeper) and damaging a torpedo boat.
1943
North Sea convoy protection duties with the 21st Destroyer Flotilla
1944
In June Quorn was an escort for convoys of personnel during Operation Neptune, the naval support of Operation Overlord, the Normandy Landings. On 3 August, she was hit and sunk by a human torpedo piloted by Oberfernschreibmeister Herbert Berrer of the Kriegsmarine during a heavy attack on the British assault area by a force of E-boats, Linse explosive motorboats, human torpedoes and low flying aircraft. Those that survived the initial attack spent up to eight hours in the water before being rescued, and many of these died. One hundred and thirty of her crew were lost.
References
Publications
Colledge, J. J. & Warlow, Ben: Ships of the Royal Navy - The Complete Record of all Fighting Ships of the Royal Navy from the 15th Century to the Present. Newbury, UK: Casemate, 2010.
English, John: The Hunts - A history of the design, development and careers of the 86 destroyers of this class built for the Royal and Allied Navies during World War II. Cumbria: World Ship Society, 1987.
Whitley, M. J.: Destroyers of World War Two – an international encyclopedia: Arms and Armour, 1988.
Gardiner, Robert: Conway's All the World's Fighting Ships 1922–1946: Conway Maritime Press, 1987.
External links
HMS Quorn at Uboat.net
Hunt-class destroyers of the Royal Navy
Maritime incidents in August 1944
Naval ships of Operation Neptune
Ships built on the Isle of Wight
1940 ships
Ships sunk by German submarines in World War II
World War II destroyers of the United Kingdom
World War II shipwrecks in the English Channel
The 2022 24 Hours of Spa (also known as the TotalEnergies 24 Hours of Spa for sponsorship reasons) was the 74th running of the 24 Hours of Spa. It took place from 28 July–31 July 2022. The race was a part of both the 2022 GT World Challenge Europe Endurance Cup and the 2022 Intercontinental GT Challenge.
Background
Supporting the race weekend were the GT4 European Series, Lamborghini Super Trofeo Europe, French F4 Championship, Formula Regional European Championship and GT Anniversary by Peter Auto.
Entry list
A 66-car field gathered to contest the race - 23 in Pro class, 19 in Silver Cup, 15 in Gold Cup, 7 in Pro-Am Cup and 2 in Bronze Cup. 9 manufacturers were represented, with 14 Mercedes cars, 13 Porsche cars, 11 Audi cars, 10 Lamborghini cars, 5 BMW cars, 5 Ferrari cars, 4 Aston Martin cars, 3 McLaren cars and 1 Bentley car.
The John Butters Power Station is a conventional hydroelectric power station located in Western Tasmania, Australia. The power station forms part of the KingYolande River Power Scheme and is owned and operated by Hydro Tasmania.
Technical details
Part of the KingYolande scheme that comprises three hydroelectric power stations, the John Butters Power Station is fed by water from Lake Burbury which is dammed by the Crotty Dam in the gap in the West Coast Range between Mount Jukes and Mount Huxley, and to the south by Darwin Dam. Water flow to the station is via a long headrace tunnel from the Crotty Dam via a -long headrace tunnel and a -long steel lined power tunnel.
The power station was commissioned in 1992 by the Hydro-Electric Corporation, one of the last power stations constructed before its disaggregation and transformation to Hydro Tasmania. The station has one Fuji Francis turbines with a generating capacity of of electricity. Within the station building, the turbine has a half embedded spiral casing controlled via a spherical rotary inlet valve and a vertical lift, gravity closed intake gate designed to cut off full flow. The station output, estimated to be annually, is fed to TasNetworks' transmission grid via a 13.8 kV/220 kV three-phase Fuji generator transformer to the outdoor switchyard.
The station is remotely controlled from the Sheffield Control Centre.
Etymology
The power station was named in honour of John Butters, the first general manager and chief engineer of Hydro Tasmania.
When the King power scheme was approved by the Tasmanian Government the name on hydro plans for the proposed power station at that time was the Newall Power station.
See also
List of power stations in Tasmania
References
Hydroelectric power stations in Tasmania
West Coast Range
Energy infrastructure completed in 1992
King River power development scheme
Battle of Adrovac (serbian: Битка код Адровца), fought on September 1, 1876. near Aleksinac, was part of the Serbian-Turkish War of 1876–1877. It ended in a Turkish victory.
Background
After the failure near Šumatovac and Aleksinac, Turkish corps of Aiyub Pasha was transferred to the left bank of the South Morava by August 30, in order to, together with the divisions of Ali Saib-Pasha and Fazil-Pasha, attack the right wing of the Serbian Aleksinac positions, with the intention of bypassing Aleksinac and continuing to advance north along the left bank of the South Morava into the Serbia proper. Fazli-pasha's division took the starting position from the left bank of the South Morava to the village of Mrsolja (Moravac); Ali Saib-pasha division on the Mrsolj-Smrdan-Drenjak section; the corps of Aiyub-pasha remained in reserve, in the area of the villages of Lužane, Stublina, Mali Drenovac. On the left bank of the Morava, the Aleksinac position was defended by 19 Serbian battalions and 5 batteries under the command of Major Jovan Popović: there were 2 battalions on the right wing near Peskoviti Laz; in the center, in the part of elevation 365 - Prćilovačko lojze, 6 battalions; on the left wing, near Žitkovac, 8 battalions; in reserve, in the village of Gredetin, 3 battalions.
Battle
The Turks began artillery preparations at around 8 am on September 1, which lasted until 12 noon, and then the infantry launched an attack on the entire front. At around 1 pm, they tried to cover the Serbian right wing on Peskovit Laz. Using their reserves, the Serbs reinforced their position on Peskovit Laz, took Saramanska kosa and thwarted the Turkish attempt. In the prolongation of the battle, the Turks forced the Serbs to withdraw at the end of the day to the line between the village of Trnjane and the bridgehead on the left bank of the Morava, north of the village of Žitkovac. The Turks did not pursue them, and the Serbs withdrew to the Krevet positions the next day.
Legacy
From 1875–1878, about 3,000 Russian volunteers, including 700 officers, rushed to the Principality of Serbia to help the Serbs fight the Ottoman Empire. Many of them became commanders of the large Serbian military formations, and many died and were revered in Serbia as national heroes. In particular, Count Nikolay Rayevsky (1840–1876) is well known in Serbia today. He volunteered to go to Serbia, willingly joined the army of Russian General Mikhail Chernyaev, and as a commandant of a detachment of the Serbian army showed great courage in the victorious battles of Šumatovac and Aleksinac. Yet the decisive fact that started the impulse to create a legend about him was his death in the lost battle of Adrovac at the age of 36. This meant that the Serbs could make of Rayevsky not only a heroic warrior, but also a young man sacrificing his life for a beloved country. It should be pointed out that Serbs have been drawn to the idea of some scholars that Leo Tolstoy made Rayevsky a model for Count Alexei Vronsky – the tragic lover of Anna Karenina – which made the figure of Rayevsky appear even more tragic. He came across to be a noble man with a broken heart, longing for death in a battle. Serbian myth thus associated him with a great number of their own Serbian heroes who – like Prince Lazar in the Battle of Kosovo – chose the heavenly kingdom and death in the field of glory.
Pera Todorović, one of the first modern Serbian journalists, dramatically described in his Diary of a Volunteer the battle of Adrovac and the death of another Russian volunteer: We saw Russians taking […] poor Kirillov from the battlefield. […] We kissed his gory forehead. […] An old Russian man standing next to me kissed Kirillov and said: “Good-bye, old friend […]. You served an honourable Christian mission”. It is worth mentioning that on the place where Rayevsky was killed, the bishop of Niš, with the help of the Serbian Queen Natalie, built a Russian church with frescos commemorating the hero (1903).
References
Adrovac
Adrovac
19th century in Serbia
1876 in the Ottoman Empire
Nišava District
1876 in Europe
1876 in Serbia
Serbian–Turkish Wars (1876–1878)
September 1876 events
Therese von Braunecker-Schäfer (3 April 1825 – 8 March 1888) was an Austrian theatre actress, singer (soprano) and dancer.
Life
Born in Vienna, she showed talent for theatre at an early age and was engaged at the Deutsche Theater in Pest in 1850.
There she attracted attention by her lively character, and already after one year of activity, she was chosen by director for the State Opera in Prague. She appeared on June 3 in Das Versprechen hinterm Herd and in Family Fliedermüller and struck with her strongly parodistic coarseness, her almost trivial, but fresh and powerful playing. Her engagement was regarded as the event of 1851 in the field of the burlesque under Hoffmann's direction and as the greatest act during his last years as director in Prague. When Stöger took over the direction, he was first and foremost concerned with preserving this Austrian local singer, who was already excellent at that time, for his institute. The time of her Prague artistic activity (1851 to 1855) remained unforgotten for a long time.
She caused a special sensation as a "false Pepita", because she danced the Madrilena with such perfect grace that she aroused enthusiastic rejoicing with her performances.
With the Madrilena she decided on 25 March 1855 to end her artistic activity at the Prague Landestheater. She came to Vienna at the Karltheater. There she worked as one of the most outstanding and most popular members beside Wenzel Scholz, Johann Nestroy and Karl Treumann, with whom she also changed to the Quaitheater. With the exception of the year 1869, in which she was active at the Lemberger Stadttheater, she also remained faithful to her hometown.
Under Anton Ascher and Franz von Jauner she entered the field of the comical elderly. On 1 October 1880 she appeared in the operetta Das Spitzentuch der Königin for the first time in the Theater an der Vienna, on which stage she remained until her retirement.
For the last time before her illness, she appeared before her numerous admirers at the Theater auf der Wieden on November 18, 1886. Then she retired to her relatives in Jihlava, where she died on March 8, 1888
Bibliography
Ludwig Eisenberg: Großes biographisches Lexikon der Deutschen Bühne im XIX. Jahrhundert. Edited by Paul List, Leipzig 1903, .
Therese Braunecker-Schäfer on Operissimo from the Großes Sängerlexikon
References
External links
1825 births
1888 deaths
Musicians from Vienna
Austrian stage actresses
Austrian female dancers
Dancers from Vienna
Austrian operatic sopranos
Tomaszówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Sawin, north of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Željko Cupan (born 30 December 1963, in Zagreb) is a Croatian RETIRED football player. Most of his career he spent with Dinamo Zagreb, playing right full-back.
Honours
External sources
http://www.hrrepka.com:8080/app/hnl/prikazIgraca.iface?id=13
http://gnkdinamopovijest.blogspot.com/2011/05/momcad-po-sezonama.html
http://www.navolej.com/Statistika/Godine/1982Detalji.htm
1963 births
Living people
Footballers from Zagreb
Association football fullbacks
Yugoslav footballers
Croatian footballers
GNK Dinamo Zagreb players
HNK Segesta players
Yugoslav First League players
Croatian Football League players
The rusty-naped pitta (Hydrornis oatesi) is a species of bird in the family Pittidae.
Taxonomy
The rusty-naped pitta was described by the amateur ornithologist Allan Octavian Hume in 1873 from specimens collected in the eastern Pegu Hills, Myanmar. Hume coined the current binomial name Hydrornis oatesi. The species was subsequently placed in the genus Pitta but was then moved back to the resurrected genus Hydrornis in 2006 based on the results of a molecular phylogenetic study. The genus Hydrornis had been introduced by the English zoologist Edward Blyth in 1843. The specific epithet was chosen to honour the amateur ornithologist Eugene William Oates (1845-1911) who had collected the specimens.
Four subspecies are recognised:
H. o. oatesi Hume, 1873 – from east Myanmar to northeast Laos and Thailand
H. o. castaneiceps (Delacour & Jabouille, 1930) – southeast China to central Laos and northwest Vietnam
H. o. bolovenensis (Delacour, 1932) – south Laos and south Vietnam
H. o. deborah (King, BF, 1978) – central Malay Peninsula
Description
The male has a deep brown head and underparts with dull green wings. It has a well defined black stripe behind the eyes. The female is duller than the male, with brownish tingeing on the wings and vague dark scaling on the lower throat.
Distribution and habitat
The rusty-naped pitta is found in Indochina and adjacent parts of southern China. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical, tropical moist montane forests and bamboo forests. It is typically found above .
References
rusty-naped pitta
Birds of Indochina
rusty-naped pitta
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Gounder is a title used by various communities in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It may refer to communities such as the Kongu Vellalar, Tuluva Vellalar, Kurumba, Vokkaliga, Vanniyars, Vettuvars and Uralis.
Etymology
There are a number of derivations for the title. One theory derives it from the Tamil word Kaamindan, meaning "noble protector of the country", later modified as Kavundan or Gounder.
According to S. N. Sadasivan the Tamil Kavundans or Goundans branched off from the Vokkaligas and both might have a common origin from the Kuruba.
History
During the British Raj era, some Gounders migrated to Malayan rubber plantations as Kanganis to manage the coolies.
References
Tamil society
Indian surnames
Karnataka society
Social groups of Tamil Nadu
Jean-Martin Mbemba (born 13 August 1942) is a Congolese politician and lawyer. He is the President of the Union for Progress (UP) and has been a prominent politician in Congo-Brazzaville since the early 1990s. He served in the 1991–1992 transitional government as Minister of Justice; later, under President Denis Sassou Nguesso, he was Minister of Labour and Social Security from 1997 to 1999, Minister of Justice from 1999 to 2005, and Minister of State for the Civil Service and State Reform from 2005 to 2009. Since October 2009, he has been the President of the National Commission of Human Rights.
Legal career
Mbemba, an ethnic Téké, was born in Brazzaville and studied in France. He was President of the Association of Congolese Students in France from December 1968 to December 1970, and he was President of the Federation of African Students in France from December 1971 to December 1972. He practiced as a lawyer in Brazzaville from February 1976 to June 1991. At the 1987 French trial of Klaus Barbie, a German war criminal of World War II, Mbemba was an assistant defense lawyer in the team headed by Jacques Verges. In the trial, the defense pursued a strategy of highlighting crimes committed by the West, including France itself, in hopes that Barbie's crimes during the German occupation of France would appear less offensive by comparison. Mbemba pointed to France's use of forced labour during the construction of the Congo-Ocean Railway in his own country, as well as France's violent suppression of the 1947 revolt against colonial rule in Madagascar; in addition, he denounced South African apartheid as "the ultimate crime against humanity". Following the trial, Mbemba was Secretary-General of the Union of Lawyers of Central Africa from September 1987 to June 1991.
Political career
Mbemba has been President of the Union for Progress (UP), a political party, since its founding in October 1990. He participated in the 1991 National Conference and headed the committee for the drafting of internal regulations at the National Conference. At the end of the National Conference, he was appointed as Minister of Justice and Administrative Reform in the transitional government of Prime Minister André Milongo, serving in that post from June 1991 to June 1992. He was elected as a municipal councillor from the Fifth Arrondissement (Ouenzé) of Brazzaville in 1992, and soon afterward he was elected to the National Assembly in the 1992 parliamentary election as the UP candidate in the Ignié constituency of Pool Region. He also stood as the UP candidate in the August 1992 presidential election, placing 11th with 0.45% of the vote.
After his departure from Milongo's transitional government, Mbemba again practiced as a lawyer from July 1992 to October 1997, in addition to his political activities. In January 1993, following President Pascal Lissouba's dissolution of the National Assembly, Mbemba became President of the National Commission for the Organization of the Early Legislative Election. He was re-elected to the National Assembly as the UP candidate in Ignié constituency in the mid-1993 parliamentary election.
Following the June–October 1997 civil war, in which Lissouba was ousted, Mbemba was appointed as Minister of Labour and Social Security by President Denis Sassou Nguesso on 2 November 1997. In March 1998, "armed bandits" wounded Mbemba during an invasion of his home, while also killing a bodyguard and driver.
He was moved to the position of Minister of Justice on 12 January 1999. In the May 2002 parliamentary election, he was elected to the National Assembly as the UP candidate in Ignié constituency; he won the seat in the first round with 61.33% of the vote. Following that election, he remained Minister of Justice and was additionally assigned responsibility for human rights in the government appointed on 18 August 2002.
Mbemba served as Justice Minister until he was instead appointed as Minister of State for the Civil Service and State Reform on 7 January 2005. In the 2007 parliamentary election, he was again elected to the National Assembly as the UP candidate in Ignié constituency. He won the seat in the second round after receiving 39.17% of the vote in the first round against 37.84% for Carole Mantot, an independent candidate. He retained his post as Minister of State for the Civil Service and State Reform in the government appointed after the election, on 30 December 2007.
Mbemba and his party supported Sassou Nguesso when the latter ran for another term in the July 2009 presidential election. In the absence of any serious opposition candidates, Sassou Nguesso easily won re-election. Following the election, he appointed a new government, in which Mbemba was not included, on 15 September 2009. Sassou Nguesso instead appointed Mbemba as a member of the National Commission of Human Rights, a constitutional body, a few days later. Mbemba was then elected as President of the National Commission of Human Rights at a meeting held in the Palace of the Parliament in Brazzaville on 2 October 2009, and he took office on 7 October.
In 2013, Mbemba was investigated by the Directorate for Territorial Surveillance regarding allegations of "possession of weapons of war and attempted destabilization of national institutions". In protest, the UP announced on 19 June 2013 that it was suspending its participation in the Rally of the Presidential Majority (RMP) coalition.
References
Members of the National Assembly (Republic of the Congo)
Union for Progress (Republic of the Congo) politicians
Living people
1942 births
People from Brazzaville
The eared pitta (Hydrornis phayrei) is a species of bird in the pitta family, Pittidae, and is found in Southeast Asia.
Description
It has formerly been placed into its own genus, Anthocincla, on account of its apparent primitive characteristics. It is the only species in the Pitta family with entirely cryptic colours in the adults of both sexes. As with other Hydrornis species, they exhibit sexually dimorphic plumage, and a cryptic juvenile plumage.
The adult male has a central black line over the crown, reaching and covering the nape. The plumage either side of this is rufescent buff, with feathers margined black besides having a black bar near their bases. The lores, sides of face and nape are black. The supercilium ends in lengthened pointed feathers, white and barred black, which protrude up to an inch beyond the occiput. The upper part plumage, wings and tail are all rufescent brown. Primaries with their greater coverts are blackish brown, except for a buff bar at the base of the primaries. The chin and middle of throat are white. Sides of throat, flanks and abdomen are however ferruginous brown; the sides of throat and flanks also spotted black. The undertail-coverts pale vermilion. The bill is black, but the mandible reddish brown at the gape. The iris is deep brown; the feet and claws flesh-coloured.
The female has her breast and sides more densely spotted with black; the ear-coverts, head and occiput plumage of the same colour as the mantle and back, but the ear-coverts are pencilled with black. The lengthened superciliary feathers are shorter than that of the male, and less pure white; the under tail-coverts paler. In other respects the female plumage resembles that of the male.
Habitat
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
Status
The global population size has not been quantified, but the species is reported to be rare or very rare in most localities though occasionally locally common.
This species has a very large range, and hence does not approach the thresholds for vulnerable under the range size criterion (extent of occurrence <20,000 km2 combined with a declining or fluctuating range size, habitat extent/quality, or population size and a small number of locations or severe fragmentation). The population trend appears to be stable, and hence the species does not approach the thresholds for vulnerable under the population trend criterion (>30% decline over ten years or three generations). The population size has not been quantified, but it is not believed to approach the thresholds for vulnerable under the population size criterion (<10,000 mature individuals with a continuing decline estimated to be >10% in ten years or three generations, or with a specified population structure. For these reasons the species is evaluated as least concern.
References
Notes
Bibliography
Lambert, F.; Woodcock, M. 1996. Pittas, broadbills and asities. Pica Press, Robertsbridge, U.K.
eared pitta
Birds of Bangladesh
Birds of Laos
Birds of Southeast Asia
eared pitta
eared pitta
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Berggruen Prize is a US$1-million award given each year to a significant individual in the field of philosophy. It is awarded by the Berggruen Institute to "thinkers whose ideas have helped us find direction, wisdom, and improved self-understanding in a world being rapidly transformed by profound social, technological, political, cultural, and economic change."
The Berggruen Prize was first awarded in 2016 with the overt purpose of becoming a "Nobel prize for philosophy". The first recipient of the Berggruen Prize was the Canadian philosopher Charles Taylor, whose work "urges us to see humans as constituted not only by their biology or their personal intentions, but also by their existence within language and webs of meaningful relationships."
The prize is awarded annually in December, with a ceremony at the New York Public Library. In 2016, ceremony speakers included University of Pennsylvania president Amy Gutmann and journalist Fareed Zakaria.
Winners
Prize jury
Current Prize Jury Members
Emeriti Prize Jury Members
See also
Kyoto Prize in Arts and Philosophy
References
External links
Berggruen Prize Winner Charles Taylor on the Big Questions; series of videos produced by the Berggruen Institute on occasion of Charles Taylor winning the inaugural prize.
The Berggruen Prize; commentary of Berggruen Prize jurors such as Amy Gutmann, Antonio Damasio, and Wang Hui on the significance of the Prize.
Academic awards
Awards established in 2016
Humanity awards
International awards
Philosophy awards
Philosophy events
Brina Švigelj-Mérat (alias, Brina Svit; born 31 May 1954 in Ljubljana) is a Slovenian writer.
She studied French Philology and Comparative Literature at the University of Ljubljana, and she moved to Paris in 1980
Bibliography
Con brio, 1998
Smrt slovenske primadone, 2000
Moreno, 2003
Un cœur de trop, 2006
Coco Dias ou la Porte Dorée, 2007.
Petit éloge de la rupture, 2009
Une nuit à Reykjavík, 2011
Visage slovène, 2013
References
External links
EVENE
1954 births
Living people
Writers from Ljubljana
European writers in French
University of Ljubljana alumni
Aksyonov (masculine) or Aksyonova (feminine), also spelled Aksenov/Aksenova may refer to:
Aksyonov (surname) (fem. Aksyonova), Russian last name
Aksenov (rural locality) (or Aksyonova), several rural localities in Russia
4777 Aksenov, a main belt asteroid
Barnellan is a small hamlet in East Dunbartonshire, Scotland, situated in the civil parish of Baldernock. It consists of a few houses and a farm, the latter of which it got its name from. The nearest primary school is Baldernock Primary School.
Hamlets in East Dunbartonshire
Gold Coast Rollers may refer to:
Gold Coast Rollers (NBL), former National Basketball League team
Gold Coast Rollers (NBL1 North), NBL1 North team
Nazaret Daghavarian (, Western Armenian: Նազարէթ Տաղաւարեան, ; 1862 in Sebastia, Western Armenia, Ottoman Empire – 1915) was an Ottoman Armenian doctor, agronomist and public activist, and one of the founders of the Armenian General Benevolent Union (AGBU). He was an author of scientific works on medicine, religion and history.
Biography
He was born as Chaderjian () in Sebastia and studied in the colleges of Constantinople, then finished at the University of Paris. He was the chief director of the Armenian schools of Sebastia province, then directed the Aramian school and St Savior hospital in Constantinople. Being arrested by the Turkish authorities, he was released after mediation by the French embassy and in 1905 he moved to Cairo, where he worked as a doctor and teacher and participated in the foundation of the AGBU charity organization. In 1908 after the Young Turk revolution he returned to Constantinople and was elected as a member of the Ottoman parliament and Armenian National Central Committee. He was a member of the Ramgavar Party (Armenian Democratic Liberal Party), upon which he visited the Caucasus to establish committees for this party. He was one of the founders of the Ottoman Freedom and Accord Party, which was the major opposition party to the Committee of Union and Progress. On April 24, 1915 he was arrested in Constantinople on orders of the CUP and was killed on his way to deportation, during the opening stages of the Armenian genocide.
Sources
The Doctors who became Victims of the Great Calamity, G. Karoyan, Boston, 1957
"Armenian Question", encyclopedia, ed. by acad. K. Khudaverdyan, Yerevan, 1996, p. 439
1862 births
1915 deaths
People who died in the Armenian genocide
19th-century physicians of the Ottoman Empire
Armenian physicians
19th-century Egyptian physicians
Political office-holders in the Ottoman Empire
Legislators in Turkey
Educators from the Ottoman Empire
Armenian educators
Armenians of the Ottoman Empire
Emigrants from the Ottoman Empire to Egypt
Armenian atheists
University of Paris alumni
Ottoman expatriates in France
Ricardo Penella Arias (born 25 February 1957) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a sweeper.
He appeared in 501 competitive games for Valencia, winning three major titles including the 1980 Cup Winners' Cup. In La Liga, he played 377 matches and scored twice.
Club career
Born in Catarroja, Valencian Community, Arias spent 16 of his 17 professional seasons – 15 in La Liga – with local club Valencia CF. He made his debut in the competition on 7 November 1976 by coming on as a late substitute in a 3–1 home win against CD Málaga, and scored his first goal on 5 March 1978 to help defeat Sevilla FC 3–0 also at the Mestalla Stadium. He contributed eight matches and one goal in the team's victorious run in the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup, converting his attempt in the shootout in the final (0–0 after 120 minutes, in Brussels).
Subsequently, Arias went on to become a defensive mainstay for the Che. They suffered relegation at the end of 1985–86, being immediately promoted the following campaign with one goal in 34 games from the player.
After only 16 appearances in 1991–92, the 35-year-old Arias signed for neighbouring CD Castellón in Segunda División, closing out his career at the end of the season.
International career
Arias earned one cap for Spain: on 26 September 1979, he played the first half of a 1–1 friendly draw to Portugal, at Balaídos.
Post-retirement
In November 2014, Arias declared in an interview he was bankrupt, making ends meet by having odd jobs. Shortly after, the father of four returned to Valencia to work in the club's social department.
Honours
Valencia
Copa del Rey: 1978–79
UEFA Cup Winners' Cup: 1979–80
UEFA Super Cup: 1980
Segunda División: 1986–87
References
External links
Stats and bio at CiberChe
Spain stats at Eu-Football
1957 births
Living people
People from Horta Sud
Sportspeople from the Province of Valencia
Spanish footballers
Footballers from the Valencian Community
Association football defenders
La Liga players
Segunda División players
Valencia CF players
CD Castellón footballers
Spain amateur international footballers
Spain B international footballers
Spain international footballers
David Mead (born David Moore on 4 November 1988) is a Papua New Guinean former professional rugby league footballer who last played as a er, or for the Brisbane Broncos in the NRL and Papua New Guinea at international level.
Mead previously played for the Gold Coast Titans and the Broncos in the National Rugby League, and the Catalans Dragons in the Super League. He is a New South Wales Country Origin and World All Stars representative, he represented Papua New Guinea at the 2008, 2013 World Cups and was the PNG Kumuls' captain for the 2017 World Cup.
Background
He was born in Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea as David Moore on 4 November 1988, and moved to Australia as a 12-year-old where he attended Kadina High School and Trinity Catholic College in Lismore, New South Wales.
As a junior rugby league footballer, he played for Lismore Marist Brothers before being signed by the Gold Coast Titans, and playing in their NYC team in 2008. He later changed his surname to Mead to honour his aunt's family who had raised him when he moved to Australia.
Playing career
2008
He was named in the Papua New Guinea squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup and between the 2008 World Cup and the 2009 NRL season he changed his surname from Moore to Mead.
2009
On 30 January 2009, Mead signed a contract extension with the Gold Coast after turning down an offer from the Sydney Roosters. In round 13 of the 2009 NRL season, Mead made his NRL debut for the Gold Coast against the St. George Illawarra Dragons off the interchange bench in a 28-24 win at Skilled Park. In his next appearance in round 16 against the New Zealand Warriors, Mead made his first appearance in the starting line-up, scoring his first and second NRL career tries in the 28-12 win at Skilled Park. Mead finished his debut year in the NRL with 14 matches and 8 tries. He was part of the Papua New Guinea squad for the 2009 Pacific Cup, and was named their player of the year by the Rugby League International Federation.
2010
A regular on the wing in 2010, Mead was one of the club's leaders in many statistics before a foot injury saw him miss the rest of the season from round 16 onwards. Mead said, "It is pretty frustrating because I have worked so hard and to get halfway through the year now and it is all just gone, just like that." In Round 12 against the Sydney Roosters, Mead scored a hat trick of tries in the Titans 30-16 loss. Mead played in 15 matches and scored 6 tries during 2010.
2011
Despite the Titans poor record in 2011 where they finished with the Wooden Spoon, Mead played in every match and was the club's top tryscorer with 16 tries from 24 appearances. In round 22 against the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks, Mead scored what some considered the best try of the year when he collected a Scott Prince cross-over kick on the fly behind his back one handed to score in the 20-16 win at Toyota Stadium. Assistant coach Steve Murphy said, "I can't believe he caught that ball. It was just one of those freak things, those amazing things. He's got those in him, Dave."
2012
Mead played in 20 matches and scored 10 tries for the Titans in the 2012 NRL season. On 6 December 2012, Mead extended his contract with the Gold Coast for 4 years till the end of the 2016 season.
2013
In round 23 against the North Queensland Cowboys, Mead became the first Gold Coast Titans player to score 50 tries for the club during their 22-10 loss at 1300SMILES Stadium. Mead played in 16 matches and scored 11 tries in 2013. In October, Mead represented Papua New Guinea in the 2013 Rugby League World Cup, playing in all 3 matches at .
2014
In January, Mead was selected for the Titans inaugural 2014 Auckland Nines squad. Mead was selected for the Country Origin team in the annual City vs Country Origin match after sorting out his eligibility for New South Wales. Mead played at and scored 2 tries in the 26-26 all draw in Dubbo. In round 11 against the New Zealand Warriors, Mead played his 100th NRL career match in the 24-16 loss at Cbus Super Stadium. Mead finished the 2014 NRL season with him playing 18 matches and scoring 4 tries, his worst try-scoring effort to date.
2015
Mead was again a member of the Titans' Auckland Nines squad. He also returned for New South Wales Country, playing at fullback and scoring a try in their 34-22 win at Wagga Wagga. In round 25 against the St. George Illawarra Dragons, Mead eclipsed Kevin Gordon's record as the Gold Coast Titans all-time highest try-scorer with 60 tries, overtaking Gordon's 58 tries for the club by scoring 2 tries in the Gold Coast's 28-26 win at Cbus Super Stadium. He scored 5 tries from 22 matches for the 2015 NRL season.
2016
On 29 January 2016, Mead was named in the Titans 2016 Auckland Nines squad. On 7 May 2015, Mead captained Papua New Guinea in the 2016 Melanesian Cup Test against Fiji, where he played at fullback in the 24-22 win at Parramatta Stadium. On 10 September 2016, it was announced that Mead would sign with the Brisbane Broncos from 2017 on a one-year deal. Mead finished his last year with the Gold Coast Titans with him playing in 18 matches and scoring 7 tries in the 2016 NRL season. On 14 December 2016, Mead was named in the World All Stars team on the wing to play against the Indigenous All Stars on 10 February 2017.
2017
On 10 February 2017, Mead played for the World All Stars against the Indigenous All Stars in the 2017 All Stars match, playing at fullback and scoring a try in the 34-8 loss at Hunter Stadium. On 18 February 2017, Mead made his Broncos debut in the 2017 World Club Series match against the Warrington Wolves where he started on the wing and scored a try in the 27-18 loss at Halliwell Jones Stadium. At the start of the 2017 season, Mead was languishing in the Queensland Cup playing for the Wynnum-Manly Seagulls after coach Wayne Bennett opted to shift Jordan Kahu to the wing and put Broncos new recruit Tautau Moga at centre leaving Mead out of the starting backline. In Round 6 of the 2017 NRL season, Mead made his first appearance in the NRL for the Brisbane Broncos against the Sydney Roosters, filling in for an injured Corey Oates on the wing and scoring a try in the 32-8 win at Suncorp Stadium. On 21 April 2017, Mead extended his contract with Brisbane to the end of the 2018 season and also on the same day in round 8 against the South Sydney Rabbitohs, Mead played his 150th NRL career match in Brisbane's 25-24 win at ANZ Stadium. Mead finished his year stint at the Brisbane Broncos with him playing in 12 matches and scoring 3 tries in the 2017 NRL season. On 4 October 2017, Mead was named as the Captain of the Papua New Guinea 24-man squad for the 2017 Rugby League World Cup. Mead played in all 4 matches at fullback and scoring 4 tries for the Kumuls, having a great tournament by starting with scoring a hattrick of tries in the 50-6 demolishing victory over Wales in Port Moresby. On 12 December 2017, Mead announced that he had signed a 3-year deal with the Catalans Dragons in the Super League, starting in 2018.
2018
He played in the 2018 Challenge Cup Final victory over the Warrington Wolves at Wembley Stadium.
2019
Mead played a total of 17 games for Les Catalans in the Super League XXIV season as the club finished 7th on the table and missed out on the finals.
2020
Mead played 7 games for the Catalans Dragons in the 2020 Super League season including the club's 48-2 semi-final defeat against St Helens.
2021
On 13 January, Mead signed for the Brisbane Broncos.
In round 1 of the 2021 NRL season, he scored a try in his return game to the NRL but Brisbane lost the match 24-16 against Parramatta.
In round 11 against the Sydney Roosters, Mead scored a hat-trick in Brisbane's 34-16 victory.
Statistics
(* denotes season still competing)
Honours
|-
|colspan="3" style="text-align:center;" | Gold Coast Titans Most Tries (60)
|-
|colspan="3" style="text-align:center;" | Gold Coast Titans Most Tries in a Season (16)
References
External links
Catalans Dragons profile
Brisbane Broncos profile
Gold Coast Titans profile
2017 RLWC profile
SL profile
1988 births
Living people
Brisbane Broncos players
Catalans Dragons players
Country New South Wales Origin rugby league team players
Gold Coast Titans players
NRL All Stars players
Papua New Guinea national rugby league team captains
Papua New Guinea national rugby league team players
Papua New Guinean emigrants to Australia
Papua New Guinean rugby league players
Papua New Guinean sportsmen
People from the National Capital District (Papua New Guinea)
Rugby league fullbacks
Rugby league wingers
Wynnum Manly Seagulls players
Whitehall station is an Amtrak intercity train station in the village of Whitehall, New York. It is served by the Adirondack. It has one low-level side platform with a small shelter on the east side of the track.
History
The Saratoga and Washington Railroad opened from Saratoga Springs, New York to Gansevoort on August 15, 1848, and on to Whitehall on December 10. The original terminus was just north of the village center at a dock on the Poultney River - the southern tip of Lake Champlain - thus establishing the railroad as a competitor to the Champlain Canal. A extension north to Lake Station on October 1, 1851 eliminated the need for ships to round a dangerous bend in the river.
On October 1, 1850, the railroad opened a branch from just south of Whitehall to the Vermont state line near Fair Haven. Along with its Vermont subsidiary the Rutland and Whitehall Railroad (opened on November 1) and the Rutland and Washington Railroad (opened several weeks prior), this established a through rail route between Albany, New York and Rutland, Vermont. The railroad built a brick freight house and station at the junction in 1850.
After a "complicated series of bankruptcies, reorganizations, leases, and sales", the railroads were consolidated under the Rensselaer and Saratoga Railroad in 1865, which in turn became part of the Delaware and Hudson Railroad (D&H) on May 1, 1871. D&H subsidiary New York and Canada Railroad opened from Lake Station to Rouses Point (where the Champlain and St. Lawrence Railroad connected to Montreal) on December 1, 1875, eliminating the need for Lake Station as a steamship terminal. The D&H built a new station and freight house at Whitehall in 1892-93.
In 1932, the D&H realigned its mainline through Whitehall, with a short tunnel under the village center. The relocated tracks were slightly farther from the station, and a staircase connected the platform to the building. Passenger service on the Whitehall Branch to Rutland ended on June 24, 1934. Passenger service to Whitehall ended on April 30, 1971, as Amtrak did not continue D&H passenger service when it took over intercity passenger trains the next day.
Service resumed with the introduction of the Adirondack on August 5, 1974. The former station building was demolished by intentional burning on April 28, 1987. The former freight house is in use by a local business. Construction on a new Amtrak station in the village center began in April 1994 and was completed that November 14. Amtrak began operating the Ethan Allen Express over the Whitehall Branch on December 2, 1996; because the 1994-built station is north of the junction, the Ethan Allen Express does not stop at Whitehall.
References
External links
Whitehall, NY (WHL) (Amtrak's Great American Stations)
Amtrak stations in New York (state)
Transportation buildings and structures in Washington County, New York
Former Delaware and Hudson Railway stations
J W Miller & Sons Ltd was a boatbuilder in St Monans, Fife, Scotland for over 200 years. They produced a variety of fishing boats, yachts and motor launches. The firm built 110 Fifie yachts and was known worldwide for the quality and craftsmanship of their vessels. The yard is now closed.
History
The firm of James N. Miller & Sons was established in 1747, by John Miller, wheelwright and joiner of Over Kellie. Up to 1888, the firm built fishing boats for St Monans, Pittenweem and Anstruther. As well as being boat builders, the firm were the local joiners and undertakers, making the coffins themselves.
James Thomson Niven Miller opened a second yard in Anstruther, where he was able to build larger Fifie fishing boats, and steam trawlers and drifters, fitted with compound steam engines. He diversified into building cargo boats, launches, fishery inspection vessels and yachts. Later, he was a pioneer for the marine internal combustion engine, installing a diesel two-stroke engine in a 62 ft Fifie fishing boat. In 1908 he fitted a four-cylinder Kelvin paraffin engine in a 40 ft yacht and became an agent for Kelvin engines, an agency which lasted for the lifetime of the business.
Miller's played their part in the two world wars, building motor launches for the Royal Navy for use in the Near East during World War I. Between the wars, while still producing fishing boats, yacht building came into its own. From 1920 to 1939, 66 yachts were built, many to Miller's own design. Others were designed by naval architects including G L Watson and W G McBryde. A total of 59 vessels, motor torpedo boats and motor launches were built during and immediately after World War II. Post-war, a number of new fishing fleets and several large luxury yachts were built. In 1957, James's grandson, Jimmy, designed the Fifie yachts, on fishing boat lines. The first, a 31 footer Royle Fifer, was taken to the 1958 Boat Show at Olympia and was sold on preview day. Up to 1969, 110 Fifer yachts were built, the largest being 45 feet, with several making Round the World trips.
Miller's remained a family business, passing through several generations. The firm was known worldwide for the quality and craftsmanship of their vessels. In 1934, brothers Tom and Willie took over the business. Their father, James, continued to run the ship chandlers - grocery store until his death in 1944. Willie designed and patented a motor driven capstan that was named 'Fifer'. It was assembled in an enlarged engineer's shop, previously used to build smaller boats. Tom's son, Jimmy, served time in the boatyard, studied naval architecture, and designed many of the fishing boats built. Willie's son, Jim, like his father before him, went to Bergius in Glasgow to serve time as an engineer. However, he made his name as the Scottish and classical singer, Niven Miller and did not pursue a career in the boatyard. After Tom's death, Jimmy took his father's place in the business, with his youngest sister, Jessie working in the office. The business continued to flourish.
With the introduction of steam and motor power, fishing gear became more complex. An advertising pamphlet from 1967 has a list of the gear that Miller's made, including net winches, trawl winches and rope coilers. Willie retired to New Zealand, leaving Jimmy and Jessie to carry on, but with no sons, it was the end of the Miller line. In 1972, Jimmy constructed a steel-hulled fishing boat for George Moodie of Port Seton. James McBurney of McTay Marine built the hull and Millers fitted the engine and steering gear and completed fitting out at St Monans. This was followed by the Ocean Herald for John McBain of Pittenweem, Ocean Triumph a 76 footer, for Ian Murray of Anstruther and another 76 footer for Robert Clark of North Berwick.
In 1976, the company was taken over by McTay Marine, a member of the Mowlem group. Jimmy and Jessie continued to manage it for a while, but after Jimmy retired, things began to change. McTay switched to the construction of steel-hulled fishing boats. The yard has closed and lies derelict, more than 200 years of family history had come to an end.
Boats built
The first yacht was steam driven with a clipper bow and an overhanging stern.
Footnotes
Companies based in Fife
Companies established in 1747
1747 establishments in Scotland
Defunct shipbuilding companies of Scotland
1976 disestablishments in Scotland
British boat builders
The University of Kikwit (UNIKI) is a public university in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, located in the province of Bandundu, city of Kikwit. At its creation, it was an Extension of the University of Kinshasa, then called University Centre of Kikwit (CUK). As of 2012, instruction is in French.
History
The University was created as Kikwit Center University (CUK), an extension of the University of Lubumbashi, and became autonomous in 2010 following Ministerial order No. 157/MINESU/CABMIN/EBK/PK/2010 27 September 2010.
References
Ministerial Decree No. 157/MINESU/CABMIN/EBK-PK-2010 September 27, 2010, on the empowerment of some extensions of the institutions of higher and university education (article 2 point 8)
See also
Kikwit
Bandundu
Universities in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Kikwit
2010 establishments in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
The 2000 European Promotion Cup for Cadettes was the first edition of the basketball European Promotion Cup for cadettes, today known as FIBA U16 Women's European Championship Division C. It was played in Gibraltar from 19 to 23 July 2000. Cyprus women's national under-16 basketball team won the tournament.
Participating teams
Final standings
Results
References
2000
2000–01 in European women's basketball
FIBA U16
Sports competitions in Gibraltar
FIBA
Bezek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Chełm and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Vyacheslav Igorevich Andryushchenko (; born July 4, 1989) is a Belarusian ice hockey player who is currently playing for Metallurg Zhlobin of the Belarusian Extraliga.
Andryushchenko competed in the 2013 IIHF World Championship as a member of the Belarus men's national ice hockey team.
References
1989 births
Living people
Belarusian ice hockey forwards
HC Khimik Voskresensk players
HC Lada Togliatti players
HC Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk players
HC Neman Grodno players
Keramin Minsk players
Metallurg Zhlobin players
Neftyanik Almetyevsk players
Rubin Tyumen players
Saryarka Karagandy players
Shinnik Bobruisk players
Sokol Krasnoyarsk players
Sportspeople from Minsk
Sputnik Nizhny Tagil players
Yunost Minsk players
Yuzhny Ural Orsk players
Zauralie Kurgan players
Acacia anserina, also known as hairy sandstone wattle, is a shrub of the genus Acacia and the subgenus Plurinerves. It is native to a small area in the Kimberley region of Western Australia.
Description
The shrub typically grows to a height of around and has an erect, openly branched habit. It has ribbed branchlets that are densely hairy and has persistent stipules that are in length. Like most species of Acacia it has phyllodes rather than true leaves. The evergreen dimidiate phyllodes have a widely elliptic or occasionally widely obovate shape with a rounded upper margin and a more or less straight lower margin. The hairy phyllodes are in length and wide and have many longitudinal indistinct nerves. When it blooms it produces simple inflorescences with spherical flower-heads containing 17 to 25 light golden coloured flowers. Following flowering flat and narrowly oblong red-brown seed pods form that are in length.
Taxonomy
The species was first formally described by the botanists Bruce Maslin, Matthew David Barrett and Russell Lindsay Barrett in 2013 as part of the work A baker's dozen of new wattles highlights significant Acacia (Fabaceae: Mimosoideae) diversity and endemism in the north-west Kimberley region of Western Australia as published in the journal Nuytsia.
Distribution
It is confined to a small area in the Princess May Range on gentle slopes under sandstone ridges among a fire-protected pocket of dense vegetation in the west Kimberley.
See also
List of Acacia species
References
anserina
Acacias of Western Australia
Plants described in 2013
Taxa named by Russell Lindsay Barrett
Taxa named by Bruce Maslin
Taxa named by Matthew David Barrett
The Natukhaj, Natuqwai or Natukhai (; ; ) are one of the twelve major Circassian tribes, representing one of the twelve stars on the green-and-gold Circassian flag. Their areas historically extended along the Black Sea coast from Anapa in the north to Tsemes Bay (now Novorossiysk) in the south and from the north side of the mountains to the lower Kuban River.
Currently, Natukhai families live in the diaspora and were assimilated in other Adyghe tribes, more precisely, the Shapsug due to their close relations with them. In Russia, a few may be found in the Republic of Adyghea (mainly in the Takhtamukaysky District, in the rural locality of Natukhay () and the Teuchezhsky District).
History
The Natukhai tribe consisted of 10 aristocratic families and 44 free clans () and classified as an Adyghe democratic tribe.
Because their coast was not backed by high mountains and opened northward to the steppe the Natukhai were very active in trading with the Ottoman Empire and Crimean Khanate, which afforded for them better life than many others.
By culture, language and character they find themselves closest to the Lesser Shapsug and even call themselves by the same name Aguchips. (The Lesser Shapsug lived on the coast south of the Natukhai while the Greater Shapsug lived north of the mountains.) Also Natukhai people include the tribe of Goaie which, according to legend, is one of the most ancient Circassian tribes. They also include the disappearing remnants of the Zhaney tribe. The noblest families included Chakh, Dedy, Eryku, Kaz, Megu, Syupako, and Zan. The tribe Goaie had following noble names: Birdzh, Cherch, Kerzedzh, Khatirame, and Kuytsuk.
The Natukhai, like the Shapsug and Abadzekh, managed to limit the power of noble men of their tribe. Their villages were also administered by elected villagers. The Natukhai were one of the tribes most inclined to a peaceful sort of labor. They established trade connections with Turkey which gave the Natukhai the opportunities of material improvements. The Natukhai were one of the last to convert to Islam. They steadily adhered to Christianity, even though religious differences were often the cause of quarrels with the neighbouring Shapsug. Only by the beginning of the 19th century, whether by promises or by threats, did Turkish pasha manage to talk them into converting to Islam. In spite of that, the Natukhai showed a bitter resistance to the expansion of Russia into the Northern Caucasus. They fought shoulder-to-shoulder with the Shapsug and Abadzekh who by that time were on their own against the forces of Russian empire. As a result of the war, only 175 Natukhai people remained on their motherland.
In late 1860, a Circassian Parliament () was assembled, which would unite the Shapsug, Ubykh, and Natukhai and considered Sochi (Lowland Adyghe: Шъачэ; Ubykh Adyghe: Шуа-чӀа, lit. "seaside") the last capital of the Circassian resistance.
In 1864, a major part of the Natukhai were massacred and the remaining forced to leave Circassia, like the other Adyghe tribes, to the Ottoman Empire due to the Russian army occupation of Circassia, beside the standard tsars' policy during the era of the Russian Empire to cleanse the Circassian coast of Circassians (mainly physically then by expelling the remaining to the Ottoman Empire.
Language
The Natukhai people speak the Natukhai sub-dialect (), a dialect which is very similar to the Shapsug sub-dialect. The Natukhai sub-dialect shares a large number of features with other Shapsug varieties like having the consonants гь , кь , кӏь and чъу that correspond to дж , ч , кӏ and цу in other Adyghe sub-dialects (e.g. Abzakh, Bzhedug, and Temirgoy).
References
See also
Other Adyghe tribes:
Abzakh
Besleney
Bzhedug
Hatuqwai
Kabardian
Mamkhegh
Shapsug
Temirgoy
Ubykh
Yegeruqwai
Zhaney
Adygea
Circassian tribes
Ethnic groups in Russia
History of Kuban
Krasnodar Krai
The 2007 Jacksonville Jaguars season was the franchise's thirteenth season in the National Football League and the fifth under head coach Jack Del Rio. They improved upon their 8–8 record from 2006 when they finished third in the AFC South, and returned to the playoffs for the first time since 2005.
As of 2022 this is the second-last season that the Jaguars have had a winning record and a playoff berth. The franchise would miss the playoffs for the next nine seasons, only returning to the playoffs after winning the AFC South in 2017.
Offseason
Coaching staff changes
After the 2006 season, the Jaguars announced that offensive coordinator Carl Smith, special teams coordinator Pete Rodriguez, quarterbacks coach Ken Anderson, and wide receivers coach Steve Walters would not be returning. Along with these, special teams assistant Mark Michaels' contract had expired and would not be renewed. When hiring, Del Rio created a new position on the staff, assistant wide receivers coach, and so needed to fill six positions. By early February he completed the staff with Dirk Koetter as offensive coordinator, Mike Shula as quarterbacks coach, Todd Monken as wide receivers coach, Robert Prince as wide receivers assistant, Joe DeCamillis as special teams coordinator, and Tom Williams as special teams assistant. Along with the new staff, assistant head coach Mike Tice will take over coaching of the tight ends.
Departures
After a number of player arrests from the end of 2006 season, cornerback Ahmad Carroll, who was signed by the Jaguars in October after being waived by the Green Bay Packers and played in only one game with the Jaguars, was arrested in May on weapons and drug charges, prompting the Jaguars to release him. Also, in a move that shocked even the Jaguars players, nine-year veteran strong safety Donovin Darius was released.
On August 31, 2007 Jaguars coach Jack Del Rio announced in a press conference that Byron Leftwich would be traded or released within the next 72 hours, and that David Garrard would take over the starting duties. The specific reasons were not disclosed. Del Rio was quoted as saying that he "felt a conviction in his heart that Garrard was the guy for the job and he's earned it". The Jaguars released 19 players, traded one player, and placed two players on injured reserve to meet the 53-man roster requirements for the beginning of the season. Byron Leftwich, Dan Connolly, Jamaal Fudge, Nick Greisen, Seth Payne, Charles Sharon, Bruce Thornton, Dee Webb, Josh Gattis, Joe Anoa'i, Kevis Coley, Walter Curry, Ryan Gibbons, Tyler King, Jamar Landrom, Roy Manning, Pete McMahon, Rashod Moulton, and Isaac Smolko were released. Alvin Pearman was traded to the Seattle Seahawks for an undisclosed draft choice. James Wyche and Mike Walker were placed on injured reserve for injuries to groin and knee respectively.
Signings
The off-season brought the arrival of seven free agents to the Jaguars. On offense, offensive tackle Tony Pashos and tight ends Jermaine Wiggins, Richard Angulo and Isaac Smolko were signed. On defense, safety Kevin McCadam and cornerback Bruce Thornton. Additionally, first-year punter Tony Yelk was signed to the special teams.
In addition to the new signings to the team, Tony Gilbert, Derrick Wimbush, Kenny Pettway, Quinn Gray Ernest Wilford and Josh Scobee signed contracts and unrestricted free agent LaBrandon Toefield re-signed.
Draft
Personnel
Staff
Final roster
Preseason
Schedule
The Jacksonville Jaguars pre-season schedule was announced on April 11, 2007.
Regular season
In addition to their regular games with AFC South division rivals, the Jaguars played games against the NFC South and AFC West in accordance with the NFL's scheduling formula established in 2002. The Jaguars also played games against the Bills and the Steelers based on finishing positions from 2006.
Schedule
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.
Standings
Week 1: vs. Tennessee Titans
Week 2: vs. Atlanta Falcons
Week 3: at Denver Broncos
Week 5: at Kansas City Chiefs
Week 6: vs. Houston Texans
Week 7: vs. Indianapolis Colts
Week 8: at Tampa Bay Buccaneers
Week 9: at New Orleans Saints
Week 10: at Tennessee Titans
Week 11 vs Chargers
Week 12: vs. Buffalo Bills
Week 13: at Indianapolis Colts
Week 14: vs. Carolina Panthers
Week 15: at Pittsburgh Steelers
Week 16: vs. Oakland Raiders
Week 17: at Houston Texans
Playoffs
Schedule
Wild Card Round: at Pittsburgh Steelers
Jacksonville gained only 239 yards of offense, but still managed to win on Josh Scobee's 25-yard field goal with 37 seconds left in the game. The Jaguars defense sacked Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger six times, intercepted three of his passes, and forced him to lose a fumble on the final drive of the game.
Pittsburgh opened up the scoring by marching 80 yards in 10 plays on their first drive and finishing it off with Najeh Davenport's 1-yard touchdown run. But Jaguars running back Maurice Jones-Drew returned the ensuing kickoff 96 yards to the 1-yard line (the longest play in NFL postseason history that did not result in a touchdown), and Fred Taylor scored a 1-yard touchdown run on the next play.
Early in the second quarter, Jacksonville defensive back Rashean Mathis intercepted pass from Roethlisberger and returned it 63 yards for a touchdown. Then shortly after the kickoff, Mathis intercepted another pass at the Steelers 46-yard line, setting up David Garrard's 43-yard touchdown pass to Jones-Drew and making the score 21–7. Later in the second quarter, the Steelers took advantage of a missed Scobee field goal by driving all the way to the Jaguars 21-yard line. But defensive tackle Derek Landri intercepted a short pass from Roethlisberger, and the score remained 21–7 at halftime.
In the second half, the Steelers scored on their first four drives. Three plays after the opening kickoff, linebacker James Farrior's interception of a Garrard pass set up Jeff Reed's 28-yard field goal. Jacksonville responded by driving 82 yards in 8 plays, with Garrard rushing for 15 yards and completing two passes to Ernest Wilford for 39, while Jones-Drew capped the drive with a 10-yard touchdown run, increasing their lead to 28–10. But the Steelers drove right back, and on the first play of the fourth quarter, facing fourth down and 12 on the Jags 37-yard line, Roethlisberger threw a 37-yard touchdown pass to Santonio Holmes. Then after a punt, Roethlisberger completed six passes for 65 yards on a 69-yard drive that ended with his 14-yard touchdown pass to Heath Miller. The Steelers attempted a two-point conversion to cut the lead to three points, and Rothlisberger initially completed a pass to Hines Ward, but the play was nullified by a holding penalty and Pittsburgh's second attempt was incomplete, keeping the score at 28–23.
Three plays after the ensuing kickoff, Steelers defensive back Ike Taylor intercepted a pass from Garrard and returned it 31 yards to the Jacksonville 16-yard line. Following a pass interference penalty against the Jaguars in the end zone on a fourth downplay, Davenport scored his second 1-yard touchdown run of the day. The two-point conversion failed again, but the Steelers took the lead, 29–28.
Jacksonville was unable to score on their next drive, but they forced the Steelers to punt after three plays and Dennis Northcutt returned the punt 16 yards, giving the Jaguars the ball at their own 49-yard line with 1 timeout remaining and 2:38 left to play. Three plays later on fourth down and 2, Garrard dropped back to pass, but then ran back to the line and took off for a 32-yard burst to the Steelers 11-yard line. After a few more running plays, Scobee kicked a 25-yard field goal, giving his team a 31–29 lead. The Steelers got the ball back with 37 seconds left, but Jaguars defensive end Bobby McCray sealed the victory by forcing a fumble which was recovered by defensive tackle Derek Landri.
With the win, the Jaguars improved their overall record to 12–5.
Divisional Round: at New England Patriots
Patriots quarterback Tom Brady set the NFL record for completion percentage in a single game (92.9%) with 26 of 28 completions for 263 yards and 3 touchdowns, while running back Laurence Maroney added 162 total yards (122 on the ground). Overall, New England gained 401 yards and didn't punt the ball until 31 seconds remained in the fourth quarter.
Jacksonville took the opening kickoff and went 80 yards in 9 plays, featuring two receptions by Marcedes Lewis for 57 yards, on the way to David Garrard's 9-yard touchdown pass to Matt Jones. The Patriots then went on a 74-yard drive and scored with Tom Brady's 3-yard touchdown pass to Benjamin Watson. On Jacksonville's next possession, New England lineman Ty Warren forced a fumble while sacking Garrard, and linebacker Mike Vrabel recovered it at the Jaguars 29-yard line. Several plays later, Maroney scored a 1-yard touchdown run to give New England a 14–7 lead.
Jaguars running back Maurice Jones-Drew muffed the ensuing kickoff and was downed at his own 5-yard line. The Jaguars then moved the ball 95 yards in 11 plays without even facing a third down and scoring with Garrard's 6-yard touchdown pass to Ernest Wilford. For the third time in a row, New England drove deep into Jacksonville territory. But this time the drive stalled at the 17-yard line and ended with no points when Stephen Gostkowski missed a 35-yard field goal with 53 seconds left in the first half.
On the opening drive of the second half, Brady completed 7 of 8 passes for 54 yards on an 82-yard drive. On the last play, he took a snap in shotgun formation with Kevin Faulk to his right, Brady jumped in the air with his arms raised to make it look like a play used by the Patriots before where Faulk took the direct snap. The Jaguars defense followed Faulk, leaving Wes Welker open in the end zone, and Brady threw him the ball for a touchdown to give the Patriots a 21–14 lead. The play has been referred to as the "Statue of Liberty". Jacksonville responded with a drive to the New England 21-yard line, but receiver Dennis Northcutt dropped a pass on third down, forcing them to settle for a Josh Scobee 39-yard field goal, cutting the score to 21–17. On New England's next drive, Jacksonville's Derek Landri was assessed a roughing-the-passer penalty, turning Welker's 6-yard catch into a 21-yard gain. Maroney gained 40 yards with his next two carries, and following two more Welker receptions, Brady threw a 9-yard touchdown pass to Watson giving New England a 28–17 lead.
An unnecessary roughness penalty and a 25-yard reception by Reggie Williams on the Jacksonville's next drive set up a 25-yard field goal by Scobee, which cut the Jaguars deficit to one touchdown, 28–20. On the second play after the kickoff, Brady completed a 52-yard strike to Donté Stallworth, setting up Gostkowski's second field goal attempt to put New England back up by two scores, 31–20.
Then, with 3:46 left in the game, Patriots safety, Rodney Harrison, intercepted a pass from Garrard at the Patriots' 31-yard line, ending any hope of a Jacksonville comeback. Harrison's interception was his 7th career postseason pick, a Patriots record. This was also his fourth consecutive postseason game with an interception, tying an NFL record held by Aeneas Williams.
With this win, the Patriots advanced to the AFC title game for the second year in a row and extended their perfect record to 17–0, matching the final record of the 1972 Miami Dolphins. The Jaguars' overall record ended with a 12–6 and 1–1 in the playoffs.
References
Jacksonville
Jacksonville Jaguars seasons
Jackson
Tarand Rural District () is a rural district (dehestan) in Jalilabad District, Pishva County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 6,717, in 1,478 families. The rural district was created in 2010. The rural district has 8 villages.
References
Rural Districts of Tehran Province
Pishva County
2010 establishments in Iran
The Beasley Building is a historic commercial building in downtown Athens, Ohio, United States. Constructed at the turn of the 20th century, this industrial building has been named a historic site.
Built of brick with elements of iron, the Beasley Building is a three-story structure with a five-bay facade. Each bay features paired Romanesque Revival windows above a beltcourse with cornice, while an entablature of geometric shapes surrounds the building near its roofline. Upon its construction, the building was intended to convey a sense of architectural balance, contrasting the two-story height of the main windows with the beltcourse and frieze, as well as a sense of pure massiveness.
Situated in downtown Athens, the Beasley Building lies within an area that has served as Athens' commercial center since the community's founding. Substantial industry in the area began in 1840 when the Hocking Canal was constructed through the area, and the coming of the Scioto and Hocking Valley Railroad in 1855 expanded its commercial importance. Charles Higgins, a local miller, was one of the partners in the firm of Eldridge and Higgins, which bought the building's site in 1904 and began construction, although it was then purchased by Frank Beasley, a prominent miller from nearby Amesville. His firm eventually turned the Beasley Building into the region's largest gristmill powered by electricity, although it eventually closed and was converted for grocery purposes.
Late in 1982, the Beasley Building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places, qualifying both because of its architecture and its place in the area's history. One year later, the building was awarded approximately $1.1 million in federal rehabilitation tax credits.
References
National Register of Historic Places in Athens County, Ohio
Grinding mills in Ohio
Food retailers of the United States
Grinding mills on the National Register of Historic Places in Ohio
Commercial buildings completed in 1905
Buildings and structures in Athens, Ohio
1905 establishments in Ohio
Wembley Central may refer to:
Wembley Central (ward)
Wembley Central Square
Wembley Central station
Robert Greig (30 May 1871 – 10 January 1951) was a Scotland international rugby union player.
Rugby union career
Amateur career
Greig played with Glasgow Academicals. He was playing with the club from 1889. The club had a Spring Meeting festival day in 1891. As part of that, there was a drop kick tournament to see how far the contenders could drop kick a goal. Greig won the tournament by drop kicking from 61 yards out, though it was aided by the wind.
Provincial career
Greig played for Glasgow District against Edinburgh District in the 1892 inter-city match.
He also played for the West of Scotland District in their match against East of Scotland District on 21 January 1893.
He played for Cities District against Provinces District on 23 December 1893.
International career
Greig was capped twice for Scotland between 1893 and 1897.
Administrative career
He became the 30th President of the Scottish Rugby Union. He served one year from 1903 to 1904.
Cricket career
He was playing for the Glasgow Academical Cricket Club in 1891.
References
1871 births
1951 deaths
Cities District players
Glasgow Academicals rugby union players
Glasgow District (rugby union) players
Presidents of the Scottish Rugby Union
Rugby union players from Glasgow
Scotland international rugby union players
Scottish rugby union players
West of Scotland District (rugby union) players
IMG International Tour Tennis is a video game developed by High Score and published by Electronic Arts for the Sega Genesis.
Gameplay
IMG International Tour Tennis is a game that includes 17 stops for the tour and features 4 playing surfaces, and allows the player to choose from 32 professional tennis players.
Reception
Next Generation reviewed the game, rating it three stars out of five, and stated that "Sim fans should go with IMG, and action fans should pick up ATP."
Reviews
Mega #24 (1994 September)
GamePro (Dec, 1994)
Video Games & Computer Entertainment - Nov, 1994
Mean Machines - Oct, 1994
All Game Guide - 1998
References
1994 video games
Sega Genesis games
Sega Genesis-only games
Tennis video games
Video games developed in the United States
Joseph Smyth may refer to:
Joseph Capel Smyth (1830–1914), member of the Queensland Legislative Council
Joseph Grigsby Smyth (1847–1915), Texan politician
Joseph Hilton Smyth (1901–1972), American publisher and pulp author
Joe Smyth (basketball) (1929–1999), American basketball player
See also
Joe Smyth (born 1985), British boxer
Richard Westmacott may refer to
Richard Westmacott (the elder) (1747–1808), British monument sculptor
Richard Westmacott (1775–1856), British sculptor
Richard Westmacott (the younger) (1799–1872), British sculptor
Richard Westmacott (Indian Army officer) (1841–1925), British military officer
See also
Westmacott
The 4th congressional district of North Carolina is located in the central region of the state. The district includes all of Durham County, Orange County, Granville County, and Franklin County, as well as portions of Chatham County, northern Wake County, and southern Vance County.
The district is currently represented by 11-term Congressman David Price, a former political science professor at Duke who was first elected in 1986, ousting one-term Republican incumbent Bill Cobey. Price was reelected in 1988, 1990, and 1992, but he was defeated in his bid for a fifth term in 1994 by Republican Fred Heineman, the Raleigh Police Chief, in a generally bad year for Democrats in North Carolina. Price came back to defeat Heineman in a rematch in 1996, and has been reelected each time since then by large margins, usually with more than 60% of the vote. In 2020, Price received 67% of the votes (332,421 votes) to defeat Republican challenger Robert Thomas, who received 33% (161,298 votes).
Before court mandated redistricting in 2016, according to research by Christopher Ingraham of The Washington Post, the district was the third most gerrymandered Congressional district in North Carolina and seventh most gerrymandered district in the United States. In contrast, its predecessor was the most regularly drawn of the state's 13 districts.
History
From 2003 to 2013 it contained most of the area commonly known as The Triangle. It included all of Durham and Orange counties, part of Wake County and a small section of Chatham County. The 4th district picked up the most Republican areas of Wake County, such as Apex, Cary, and much of North Raleigh in order to help make the neighboring 13th and 2nd districts more Democratic. For instance, Barack Obama defeated John McCain in the Wake County portion of the district in 2008 by 51–48%, a difference of less than 8,000 votes in between the two candidates. In contrast, Obama won Wake County overall by a much greater margin of 56–43%, and Obama swept the 4th district as a whole by 63–36%. The Republican influence in the district's Wake County portion was more than canceled out by the two Democratic strongholds of Orange and Durham counties, where Obama received 72% and 76%, respectively, his two best counties in the entire state. The 4th district had a Cook PVI of D+8, which made it the most Democratic white-majority district in the entire South outside of South Florida and Northern Virginia.
The district became even more heavily Democratic as a result of 2012 redistricting, in which the more Republican areas of western and southern Wake County were removed, along with northern Orange County and most of its share of Durham County. They were replaced by heavily Democratic portions of Alamance, Cumberland, Harnett and Lee counties. Additionally, the district was pushed further into Raleigh. Like its predecessor, the district is one of the few Southern districts with a significant concentration of progressive-minded white voters—similar to areas around Atlanta, Houston, Charlotte, Nashville, Memphis and Austin. The presence of the University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill and Duke University, as well as large African-American populations in Durham and Raleigh help contribute to the liberal nature of the 4th district.
Before court mandated redistricting in 2016, the district was just barely contiguous; the northern and southern portions were connected by a barely-discernible strip of land along the Lee/Harnett line. Court-mandated redistricting in 2019 again reconfigured the district, returning large portions of Durham County and removing large portions of Raleigh and Cary, North Carolina.
On February 23, 2022, the North Carolina Supreme Court approved a new map which changed the 4th district boundaries to include Alamance and Person while removing Franklin and the parts of Chatham, Vance and Wake.
Counties
Counties in the 2023-2025 district map.
Alamance County
Caswell County (part)
Durham County
Granville County
Orange County
Person County
Recent election results from presidential races
List of members representing the district
Recent House elections
2002
2004
2006
2008
2010
2012
2014
2016
2018
2020
See also
North Carolina's congressional districts
List of the United States congressional districts
References
Congressional Biographical Directory of the United States 1774–present
External links
04
Research Triangle
Riccardo Regno (born 12 August 1992) is an Italian footballer who plays for Pro Patria.
Biography
Bologna
Born in Bologna, Emilia–Romagna, Regno started his career at Bologna F.C. 1909. Regno was a member of the reserve team from 2009 to 2011 in national "spring" league, but also made his reserve debut in 2008–09 season, when he was a member of the U17 team for national student league (Allievi).
Livorno
In June 2011, Regno was a piece weight to sign Nico Pulzetti. Pulzetti was valued €3.3 million while Regno was valued an aggressive price €1.65 million, which made Pulzetti 's deal involved €1.65 million cash only. Regno had a one-year left in his apprentice contract with Bologna.
On 23 August 2011 Regno left for Italian third division club Portogruaro.
On 17 July 2012 Regno left for Gubbio.
In 2013, he returned to Livorno, which the club had promoted to Serie A. He wore no.6 shirt. On 31 January 2014 he left for Pontedera. In summer 2014 he was signed by Barletta.
Pro Patria
On 16 September 2015 Regno and Mirko Bigazzi were signed by Pro Patria.
International career
Regno was an unused member of Italy U16 team in 2007–08 season. In 2008–09 season he was included in the U17 team training camp. Regno also remained in the U18 team with the same age group in 2009–10 season, however yet to make a debut.
References
External links
FIGC
Football.it Profiles
Italian footballers
Bologna F.C. 1909 players
U.S. Livorno 1915 players
A.S.D. Portogruaro players
A.S. Gubbio 1910 players
U.S. Città di Pontedera players
Association football defenders
Footballers from Bologna
1992 births
Living people
Women's union may refer to:
Bulgarian Women's Union
Crittenton Women's Union, Boston
Murba Women's Union, Indonesia
Lithuanian Women's Union
Socialist Women's Union of Korea
Sudanese Women's Union
Ukrainian Women's Union
Union of Women of Wallonia, Belgian women's association, 1912–1955
Vietnam Women's Union
Women's Union to Defend Paris and Care for the Wounded, 1871 organization during the Paris Commune
Yemeni Women's Union
The Yorkshire Patent Steam Wagon Co. was a steam wagon manufacturer in Leeds, England. They produced their first wagon in 1901. Their designs had a novel double-ended transverse boiler. In 1911 the company's name was changed to Yorkshire Commercial Motor Co., but reverted to Yorkshire Patent Steam Wagon Co. in 1922. Steam wagon production ceased in 1937, and the company was finally dissolved in 1993.
Other local steam vehicle manufacturers were John Fowler & Co., J&H McLaren & Co., and the Mann's Patent Steam Cart and Wagon Company, along with several steam railway engine builders.
Double-ended boiler
The novel double-ended transverse-mounted boiler was used to avoid problems of tilting when climbing hills. Internally it resembled a locomotive or Fairlie boiler with a central firebox and multiple fire-tubes to each end. In the Yorkshire though, a second bank of fire-tubes above returned to a central smokebox and a single chimney.
Preserved machines
There are 10 known preserved machines recorded. Several of these were restored by the late Tom Varley.
There is one of these engines in Australia, in regular use at Milawa, near Melbourne, Victoria. It is fitted with a lightweight open-air body. It is numbered 1443.
There is also one at Booleroo Steam & Traction Preservation Society Inc
Yorkshire Steam Waggon - Wagon No 34 of 1903 by the Yorkshire Patent Steam Wagon Company of Leeds England. It is the oldest known surviving Yorkshire in the world.
Imported by T Russel of Geelong Vic and used by Smith & Timms in Adelaide SA before going to Whyalla SA for use in the construction of the town's first dam. It finished its working life in 1918.
See also
L&YR railmotors, Kerr Stuart steam railmotors with a similar boiler design
South African Dutton road-rail tractors, rail tractors converted from Yorkshire wagons.
References
External links
The Yorkshire wagon page about the Yorkshire Patent Steam Wagon Co
Yorkshire Steam Wagon, Virtual Steam Car Museum
Steam wagon manufacturers
Steam road vehicle manufacturers
Manufacturing companies based in Leeds
Defunct companies based in Leeds
1901 establishments in England
British companies established in 1901
Vehicle manufacturing companies established in 1901
British companies disestablished in 1993
1993 disestablishments in England
Millinocket Lake is northwest of Millinocket, Maine, and is drained by Millinocket Stream, which flows through the town of Millinocket into the West Branch Penobscot River south of town. The lake is fed by Sandy Stream, which drains the southeastern slopes of Mount Katahdin by tributaries including Roaring Brook, Avalanche Brook, Spring Brook, Beaver Brook, and Rum Brook. Sandy Stream is a good spawning habitat for rainbow smelt, which are a primary prey for lake trout and land-locked Atlantic salmon living in the lake.
References
Lakes of Penobscot County, Maine
North Maine Woods
Lakes of Maine
Neu-Falkenstein Castle is a castle in the municipality of Balsthal of the Canton of Solothurn in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
Image gallery
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Solothurn
Castles in the canton of Solothurn
Jalen Pitre ( ; born June 3, 1999) is an American football safety for the Houston Texans of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Baylor and in 2021, he was named the Big 12 Defensive Player of the Year and a consensus All-American.
High school career
Pitre attended Stafford High School in Stafford, Texas. He committed to Baylor University to play college football.
College career
As a true freshman at Baylor in 2017, Pitre started eight of 12 games, recording 37 tackles and one sack. As a sophomore he started one of 13 games and had 11 tackles. In 2019, he played in four games and took a redshirt. He finished the season with 12 tackles. As a redshirt junior in 2020, Pitre started all nine games, recording 60 tackles, two interceptions and two sacks. He returned as a starter in 2021 and was named a finalist for the Jim Thorpe Award.
Professional career
Houston Texans
Pitre was selected by the Houston Texans with the 37th overall pick in the second round of the 2022 NFL Draft.
References
External links
Houston Texans bio
Baylor Bears bio
Living people
Players of American football from Texas
Sportspeople from Harris County, Texas
American football safeties
Baylor Bears football players
People from Stafford, Texas
All-American college football players
1999 births
Houston Texans players
Drigue Billers Olmius, 2nd Baron Waltham (12 March 1746 – 10 December 1786 or 10 February 1787), was a British politician.
Olmius was the son of John Olmius, 1st Baron Waltham, by Anne, daughter of Sir William Billers, Lord Mayor of London in 1733. He succeeded his father in the barony in October 1762, aged 16. This was an Irish peerage and gave him a seat in the Irish House of Lords although not in the English House of Lords. In 1768 he was returned to parliament as one of four representatives for Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, a seat he held until 1774. From 1784 until his death in 1787 he sat as Member of Parliament for Maldon.
Lord Waltham died childless in February 1787, aged 40, when the barony became extinct. He was succeeded in the family estates by his sister, the Honourable Elizabeth. She was the wife of John Luttrell, 3rd Earl of Carhampton, who assumed the additional surname of Olmius. His widow Frances Coe whom he married in 1767 died on 25 October 1819 in her 76th year.
References
1746 births
1780s deaths
Year of birth uncertain
Barons in the Peerage of Ireland
British MPs 1768–1774
British MPs 1784–1790
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for English constituencies
Members of Parliament for Maldon
Jatunhuma (possibly from Quechua hatun big, superior, principal, uma mountain top / head), Jatunpampa (possibly from Quechua pampa plain) or Pico Tres (Spanish for "peak three") is a mountain in the Vilcanota mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about high. It is situated in the Cusco Region, Canchis Province, Pitumarca District, and in the Quispicanchi Province, Ocongate District. Hatunuma lies northwest of the large lake named Sibinacocha and southeast of Callangate.
First Ascent
Jatunhuma was first climbed by Günther Hauser, Theodore Achilles, Bernhard Kuhn and Wiedmann (Germany) 27th July 1957.
Elevation
Other data from available digital elevation models: SRTM 6078 metres, ASTER 6026 metres and TanDEM-X 5969 metres. The height of the nearest key col is 5367 meters, leading to a topographic prominence of 726 meters. Jatunhuma is considered a Mountain Subgroup according to the Dominance System and its dominance is 11.92%. Its parent peak is Alcamarinayoc and the Topographic isolation is 6.8 kilometers.
See also
Huarurumicocha
References
Mountains of Peru
Mountains of Cusco Region
Six-thousanders of the Andes
Glaciers of Peru
Lieutenant Colonel Peter Joseph Cook (21 July 1924 – 22 December 2003) was an Australian Army officer, antique dealer and writer, and ABC Television panelist on For Love or Money.
Family
Cook was born in Melbourne, the only child of Major George Sydney “Syd” Cook and Elsie Cook (née Sheppard) His second given name, Joseph, was in honour of his paternal grandfather, Sir Joseph Cook GCMG, the sixth Prime Minister of Australia. Elsie, a Red Cross nurse, and Syd, an architect, had served abroad during World War I and were both mentioned in despatches. In the six-part Australian television drama series ANZAC Girls, on ABC1, Laura Brent plays Elsie Cook and Todd Lasance plays Syd Cook.
Education
Syd Cook was appointed Director of the Commonwealth Department of Housing and Construction in Western Australia and Peter was educated at Wesley College, in Perth, from 1936 until 1939. After his father's transfer to Sydney, Cook attended Newington College from 1940 until 1942. He was the second of four generations of his family to be educated at Newington – his uncles, including The Hon. Mr Justice Cecil Cook, were amongst the first generation and his grandsons were amongst the fourth. His grandmother, Dame Mary Cook DBE, was the foundation president of the Newington College Parents' and Friends' Association.
Military service
After graduating from the Royal Military College, Duntroon, in 1944, Cook served in the Australian Army in World War II and the Korean War. At the time of his retirement in 1960 he had achieved the rank of lieutenant colonel.
Antiques
On retirement from the regular army Cook became proprietor of Grafton Galleries, in Double Bay, New South Wales, an antique business founded by his mother in 1945. Cook was the consultant editor of The Antique Buyer's Handbook for Australia from 1979 until 1993. He wrote a column, Collector's Corner, for The Australian Women's Weekly from 1975 until 1982. In 1987, Cook became a panelist on the television series For Love or Money. The show ran for three years and The Sydney Morning Herald described him as "the viewers favourite antiques expert" whilst The Canberra Times saw him as being the show's "most cerebral panellist".
References
1924 births
2003 deaths
People from Sydney
People educated at Newington College
Royal Military College, Duntroon graduates
Australian colonels
Australian Army personnel of World War II
Australian military personnel of the Korean War
Australian television personalities
20th-century Australian non-fiction writers
Matanyahu Englman (; b. 1966) is the State Comptroller of Israel.
Background
Before being elected by the Knesset to the State Comptroller position in June 2019, he served as CEO for the Council for Higher Education in Israel. Before that, during 2014-2018, he was the CEO of the Technion. He is the first non-judge to be elected to the oversight role in over three decades and is considered as having a less-activist, more conservative approach to the position. A favourite of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, he succeeded over the other State Comptroller candidate, Giora Romm.
State Comptroller reforms
Permits Committee reform
In August 2019, three members of the Permits Committee resigned after their level of autonomy was reduced by Englman. The Committee is made out of six judges who decide whether to permit ethical requests from ministers. This includes an outstanding case on permitting Prime Minister Netanyahu to finance his legal defense for the investigations involving him from relatives or through donations. A few weeks later, Englman's pick for chairperson of the Permits Committee announced she has declined the position.
In September 2019, after having been denied twice by the Permits Committee, Englman approved Netanyahu's request to receive a $2 million loan for his legal defense from American businessman Spencer Partridge. The decision has come under criticism, with the Movement for Quality Government in Israel calling it "strange and suspicious."
Political Corruption Department dissolved
In September 2019, the Attorney General, Avichai Mandelblit, and State Attorney, Shai Nitzan, sought clarifications from Englman after he had dissolved the State Comptroller's influential Political Corruption Department.
References
State Comptrollers of Israel
Israeli Jews
1966 births
Living people
21st-century Israeli civil servants
Scopula minoa is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in Kenya.
References
Moths described in 1916
minoa
Moths of Africa
The Charysh () is a river in south-western Siberia in Russia, flowing into the left bank of the Ob. It is long, and has a drainage basin of . Its source is in the Korgon mountains in the Altai Republic, then descends into the pre-altaic depression in the Altai Krai, and it flows into the Ob upstream of the regional capital of Barnaul. Its largest tributaries are the Inya, Belaya and Loktevka from the left, and the Maralikha from the right. The main settlements on the Charysh are Ust-Kan, Charyshskoye, Krasnoshchyokovo, Ust-Kalmanka and Ust-Charyshskaya Pristan.
Beloglazovo is a village located on the Charysh.
References
Rivers of the Altai Republic
Rivers of Altai Krai
The Fantasy Roleplaying Gamer's Bible is a book detailing fantasy role-playing games (RPGs), written by Sean Patrick Fannon and published by Obsidian Studios Inc. in 1996.
Contents
In the 258-page The Fantasy Roleplaying Gamer's Bible, Sean Patrick Fannon first gives an explanation of role-playing, and then a history of role-playing from its roots up to the time the book was written. Fannon then lists many of the role-playing products published, as well as opinions about each game — his as well as those of other game critics.
Reception
In the June 1996 edition of Dragon (Issue #230), John Bunnell lauded this book as "a wide-ranging and thoroughly cogent volume that provides more information and advice on gaming than any other single reference book published on the subject to date." Bunnell liked Fannon's approach of writing the book for non-gamers, noting the inclusion of "extensive glossary supplements... The book is also liberally peppered with mini-essays." Bunnell also liked Fannon's writing style, "deliberately amusing and self-referential, with a good deal of the humor at his own expense." Bunnell did criticize Fannon's history of gaming, saying that Fannon's narrative focus after the birth of Dungeons & Dragons "narrows too much; he concentrates on game companies and design trends while giving only sparse attention to evolution on the players' side of the cash register." Despite this Bunnel concluded that "There's room left on the reference shelf for more detailed books on specific aspects of gaming, but as a general survey of the field, this volume can't be matched."
Reviews
Pyramid V1, #19 (May/June, 1996)
Games Unplugged #1 (June/July, 2000)
References
Books about role-playing games
Mijaks () are an ethnographic group of Macedonians who live in the Lower Reka () region which is also known as Mijačija, along the Radika river, in western North Macedonia, numbering 30,000-60,000 people. The Mijaks practise predominantly animal husbandry, and are known for their ecclesiastical architecture, woodworking, iconography, and other rich traditions, as well as their characteristic Galičnik dialect of Macedonian. The main settlement of the Mijaks is Galičnik.
Settlements
The Mijaks have traditionally occupied the Mala Reka region along with the Torbeš, Macedonian-speaking Muslims and another sub-group of Macedonians. The area including the Bistra mountain and Radika region has been termed Mijačija (). To the east is the ethnographic region of the Brsjaks.
The Mijaks traditionally inhabited the villages of Galičnik, Lazaropole, Tresonče, Selce, Rosoki, Sušica, Gari and Osoj, while they also inhabited villages by the Radika, around the Monastery of Jovan Bigorski, where there are scarce predominantly Christian-inhabited villages, such as Bituše, Gorno Kosovrasti, Gorno Melničani, while the rest has mixed Christian-Muslim population, such as Trebište, Rostuša, and others, the Mijaks are also still inhabiting the part of the region known as Lower Drimkol i.e the villages of Jablanica, Nerezi, Piskupština and Modrič.
However, the majority of Mijak villages are uninhabited as the majority of the inhabitants left during the 20th century. Many villages in Mijačija are now uninhabited due to population shift towards the cities. Large Mijak concentrations can still be found in certain villages around Debar and Bitola. The villages Oreše, Papradište and Melnica in the Veles region were populated by Mijaci during Ottoman rule in Macedonia. The village of Smilevo, in the Bitola region, is also considered to be a Mijak village, in regards to its architecture and history. The north-western quarter of Kruševo was populated by Mijaks.
History
Middle Ages–18th century
Their ethnonym is unclear. There is a theory that the Mijaks were the first to permanently settle this area; they found mostly Vlachs, who seem to have not been permanently settled; the Mijaks pushed the Vlachs out of the pasture lands, some of whom they assimilated. According to another theory the Mijaks are the remains of an old Slavic tribe that inhabited the area of the Salonica field and was engaged mostly in the cattle breeding. This theory is also confirmed by the legends for the founding of the one of the most significant Mijak settlements as Galičnik.
The Brsjaks and Mijaks did not live geographically scattered prior to the Ottoman conquest.
A proportion of Mijaks converted to Islam during the 16th and 17th centuries, and they are known by the name Torbeši.
In the 18th century, the Mijaks had an armed conflict with the Islamized population regarding pasture lands.
19th century
The Islamized population of Galicnik was re-Christianized in 1843.
Georgi Pulevski was born in 1817. He published a three-language dictionary promoting the Macedonian language and nation as a separate and different from the neighbors.
In 1822, an unpublished lexicographical work by Panajot Ginovski, "Mijački rečnik po našem govoru", was written, containing 20,000 words.
In the summer of 1875, referendum was held on the church affiliation of the Christians in Debar county (kaza). The majority supported the accession to the Bulgarian Exarchate. Only 2 villages and 20 houses in Debar supported the Patriarchate of Constantinople, perceived by local Bulgarians as Greek church.
This was made after the Principality of Bulgaria received most of the Macedonia region by the Ottoman Empire, and the earlier establishment and expansion of the Bulgarian Exarchate (February 28, 1870; in 1874, Skopje and Ohrid voted in favour of the Exarchate).
20th century
During the Ilinden uprising in Kruševo (August 2–3, 1903), a known Mijak involved was Veljo Pecan. During the guerilla period, the Mijaks were divided into those that identified with Serbia and those that did with Bulgaria; one Serbian vojvoda was Doksim Mihailović from Galičnik, while the Bulgarian vojvods were under Maksim N. Bogoja. Tale Krastev, Ivan Pendarovski, Rade Yankulovski, Kiro Simonovski, Yanaki Tomov, Apostol Frachkovski etc. One of the leaders and founders of IMARO, Damyan Gruev with a Bulgarian self-determination is also a Mijak (from Smilevo).
Culture
The Mijaks are well known for the extent to which old customs are preserved in their everyday life. The pečalba (seasonal work) was a deeply entrenched tradition of the Mijaks; males in their 20s would often leave the village for months, or even years, at a time, in order to work in more prosperous regions and create wealth for the family — this has contributed to the dispersion of Mijak families, with villages now deserted or sparsely populated.
Mijaks had mastered the craft of woodcarving, and for many years a wood carving school operated in the Mala Reka region. They were responsible for the intricate wood carving which is found inside the Saint Jovan Bigorski Monastery, which is considered to be the best in North Macedonia.
The Galičnik Wedding Festival (Галичка свадба) is the name of a traditional wedding and its characteristic ceremony, which is annually held on Petrovden (St. Peter feast day, 12 July), in which a couple is chosen to receive the wedding and be shown on national television. The Teškoto oro (lit. "the hard one"), a shepherd folk dance of the Mijaks, is one of the national dances of North Macedonia.
Some Mijaks believe that Skanderbeg, the Albanian military commander and national hero, hailed from Mijačija.
Architecture
Mijak architecture has become a defining factor in the culture of the Mijaks. The Mijaks were among the most skilled masons and they helped wealthy Aromanians develop Kruševo into a large, prosperous and beautiful city in the 18th century. Apart from some masons from the Kriva Palanka region, they were the most proficient in all Macedonia and the Balkans. The Saint Jovan Bigorski Monastery is built in the Mijak style.
Language
The Mijaks traditionally speak the Galičnik dialect and Reka dialect. Typical characteristics of the "Mijački govor" (), Mijak speech, include:
Their speech include peculiarities (in relation to standard Macedonian), such as ovde, onde, kode, koga, zašto, dojdi, etc.
Ethnography
Mijaks have been subject to ethnographic studies by Macedonian, Bulgarian and Serbian scholars. According to the 2002 census, in the Municipality of Mavrovo and Rostuša there were 4,349 Macedonians (50.46%), 2,680 Turks (31,10%), 1,483 Albanians (17.21%), and smaller numbers of Bosniaks (0.36%), Roma (0.12%), Serbs (0.07%) and others (0.68%); In the Municipality of Debar there were a total of 19,542 inhabitants, of which 11,348 Albanians, 3,911 Macedonians, 2,684 Turks, 1,080 Roma, 22 Serbs, 3 Bosniaks, 2 Vlachs and 492 others.
In their works from the beginning of the 20th century, Bulgarian ethnographers Vasil Kanchov and Dimitar Michev describe the local Mijak population as Bulgarian. The researcher Georgi Traychev from Prilep also describes the Mijaks as part of the Bulgarian people, different from the other, neighboring ethnographic Bulgarian groups as the Brsjaks.
Genetic Studies
Zupan et al. (2020) examined samples from 44 Mijak males from Galičnik. In terms of Y-dna, Mijaks are located under haplogroups R1a-M458 (56.8%) and R1b-U106 (25%). Other haplogroups include G2a-P15 (11.4%) and E-M215 (4.5%). The high percentage of R1a-M458 among Mijaks associates them more closely with west Slavic groups who have a high frequency of R1a-M458, in particular Poles.
Anthropology
Families
Kargovci
Kauriovci
Babalijovci
Boškovci
Guržovski
Gugulevci
Gulovci
Kuculovci
Kutrevci
Tortevci
Tulevci
Kačevci
Damkovci,
Čalčevci
Čaparovci
Čudulovci
Cergovci
Cincarevci
Žantevci
Pulevci ( Pulevski),
Ramnina and Stepanci,
Popovci
Frčkovci
Alautovci
Kolovci
Kostovci
Kokosovci
Notable people
Dimitrija Čupovski (1878–1940) textbook writer and lexicographer
Ljubomir Frčkoski (born 12 December 1957, Skopje) politician, family from Galičnik
Dame Gruev (1871–1906), revolutionary, one of the founders of the IMRO, born in Smilevo
Golub Janić (1853–1918), politician, born in Mavrovo, family from Lazaropole
Lazar Ličenoski (1901-1964) Macedonian painter, born in Galičnik
Isaija Mažovski (1852-1926), painter and writer, born in Lazaropole
Doksim Mihailović (1883–1912), Chetnik, born in Galičnik
Josif Mihajlović Jurukovski (1887–1941), mayor of Skopje, born in Tresonče
Georgi Pulevski (1817–1895), writer and revolutionary, born in Galičnik
Aleksandar Sarievski (1922–2002), traditional singer, born in Galičnik
Toma Smiljanić-Bradina (1888–1969), ethnographer, philologist, dramatist and publicist, born in Tresonče
Damjan Stojanovski (born 1987, Skopje) basketball player, family from Rosoki
Vojdan Stojanovski (born 1987, Skopje) basketball player, family from Rosoki
Dičo Zograf (1819-1872), Icon painter, born in Tresonče
Parteniy Zografski (1818–1876), cleric, born in Galičnik
References
Sources
Books
Journal
Ethnic groups in Macedonia (region)
Slavic ethnic groups
Mavrovo and Rostuša Municipality
Shillford or Shilford is a hamlet to the south-west of Barrhead on the Lochlibo Road in East Renfrewshire near Uplawmoor, Scotland in the parish of Neilston. It is located around south-west of Glasgow and north of Kilmarnock, and around south of Paisley.
Meaning of place-name
The name may derive from the word ford and the Scots word shill, meaning cold or chilly; the word is also said to mean shallow. The old ford ceased to exist after the building of the railway that runs beside Loch Libo as the nearby cutting resulted in the Thorter Burn being diverted to run into the loch.
History
In 1910 the hamlet had a population of 46. The shallow ford at the hamlet was formed by the Thorter Burn that ran into a hollow on the old road.
Shillford Mill was a substantial grain and sawmill, still operating in the 1960s. It was located close to the present day Shillford Garage. (datum 2012) The site is now used as a lorry park. The old smithy is now a roofless ruin and the site of the old toll house is an overgrown plot. Shillford Mill's office building still stands as a private dwelling named 'Shilford Mill' (sic) (datum 2012). Shillford once had two inns, however the licences were revoked prior to 1912.
Cartographic evidence
An 1821 map shows the name Shillford at the site of the present day Shillford Cottage. The 1826 map shows Shillford Toll on the Lochlibo turnpike and the crossroads with a probable toll keeper's house.
In 1856 the toll gate is still shown with a group of buildings opposite the toll keepers house and another building at the site of the Shillford Mill, probably one of the inns. Two quarries are located in the woods near Shillford Cottage, one disused. In 1895 Shillford Quarry is somewhat enlarged and a smithy is marked on Lochlibo Road next to the inn. The Glasgow, Barrhead and Kilmarnock Joint Railway, is shown with a signal box on this the double track section. A small quarry is also marked at Taphead.
By 1912 a large sawmill and a smaller meal mill are located near to the smithy and farrier. The Lanarkshire and Ayrshire Railway is shown for the first time with sidings running into Shillford Quarry. The buildings marked as 'Lagavulin' on the edge of the quarry wood are first shown in 1898. By 1967 the Lanarkshire and Ayrshire Railway is shown as closed and lifted, Shillford Quarry disused, the old toll keeper's house demolished, the mill used as a storage depot, and only one house remaining, 'Viewfield' near the Glasgow, Barrhead and Kilmarnock Joint Railway on which the signal box has been closed. A Smithy Cottage is marked.
Micro-history
Shillford Garage was a business located on Lochlibo Road.
The unusual name 'Banklug' given to the nearby farm may refer to its being on the bank or 'lug' of the Thorter Burn.
The old Cowdon Mill was located nearby on the Cowdon Burn.
References
Notes
Moffat, Lieutenant Commander John (2009), "I Sank the Bismark",Page 240.
Sources
Pride, David (1910).A History of the Parish of Neilston. Paisley : Alexander Gardner.
See also
Caldwell, East Renfrewshire
Cowden Hall, East Renfrewshire
Villages in East Renfrewshire
History of East Renfrewshire
The Attorney General of Kentucky is an office created by the Kentucky Constitution. (Ky.Const. § 91). Under Kentucky law, they serve several roles, including the state's chief prosecutor (KRS 15.700), the state's chief law enforcement officer (KRS 15.700), and the state's chief law officer (KRS 15.020). As the chief prosecutor, the Attorney General is the Chairman of the Kentucky Prosecutors Advisory Council, which supervises the prosecutors of Kentucky (KRS 15.700, KRS 15.705). As chief law officer, they write opinions to advise government officials and agencies concerning the law. (KRS 15.020). The Attorney General holds an ex officio seat on various Kentucky state boards and agencies.
The Attorney General of Kentucky is elected for a four-year term in the same year other statewide officers are elected, rather than being appointed as in some states such as Alaska. A 1992 amendment to the Kentucky Constitution permits the Attorney General of Kentucky to serve two consecutive terms. (Ky.Const. § 93). The Attorney General appoints a deputy and various Assistants to the Attorney General, who have the power to act on his behalf. (KRS 15.100(1)).
The Attorney General of Kentucky is currently Republican Daniel Cameron. Cameron's predecessor, Democrat Andy Beshear, resigned from the post on December 10, 2019 to be sworn in as Governor of Kentucky. Beshear appointed Cameron to serve out the remainder of his unexpired term on December 17, 2019. Cameron, who is the first African American ever to hold the position and the first Republican to hold the office since 1948, was elected to a full term of office in November 2019 and was sworn in for that term on January 6, 2020.
List of attorneys general of Kentucky
References
External links
Kentucky Attorney General official website
Kentucky Attorney General Daniel Cameron profile at National Association of Attorneys General
The Kentucky Attorney General's Office is divided into the following divisions:
Administrative Hearings Division
Child Support Enforcement Commission (CSEC)
Kentucky Department of Criminal Investigation (DCI)
Medicaid Fraud Division
Office of Civil and Environmental Law
Office of Consumer Protection
Office of Criminal Appeals
Office of Rate Intervention
Prosecutors Advisory Council
Special Prosecutions Division
Uninsured Employers' Fund
Office for Victims Advocacy
Kentucky state courts
Air Vice-Marshal Cecil Thomas (Ginger) Weir, (2 April 1913 – 5 August 1965) was an officer in the Royal Air Force. During the Second World War he served in RAF Bomber Command. He was taken prisoner after his aircraft was hit by a bomb from another aircraft during a raid on the Osnabruck Canal in November 1944 and was imprisoned in Stalag Luft I. He was in charge of the Operation Buffalo British nuclear tests at Maralinga in Australia in 1956, and air task group commander for the Operation Grapple nuclear tests at Christmas Island in 1957. In 1963 he became the first commandant of the Joint Warfare Establishment.
Early life
Cecil Thomas (Ginger) Weir was born in Glasgow, Scotland, on 2 April 1913. He was educated at Brentwood College School on Vancouver Island in British Columbia, Canada. He entered the Royal Air Force College Cranwell in 1931, and graduated and was commissioned as a pilot officer on 15 July 1933.
Weir was initially posted to No. 25 Squadron RAF. On 8 October 1934, he joined No. 824 Squadron, Fleet Air Arm, then serving with the China Station. He returned to the UK in 1937, and attended the Armament Officers Course at the Air Armament School. He was promoted to flying officer on 15 January 1935, and flight lieutenant on 15 January 1937, and squadron leader on 1 June 1939.
Second World War
During early part of the Second World War, he served as an instructor at No. 4 Bombing and Gunnery School RAF at RAF West Freugh and No. 2 Air Armament School RAF. He was promoted to the temporary rank of wing commander on 1 June 1941. He commanded No. 61 Squadron RAF from September 1941 to June 1942, and was mentioned in despatches on 24 September 1941, and 11 June 1942.
He then became an instructor again, serving in the UK. Canada and the United States.
Weir assumed command of RAF Fiskerton on 7 July 1944, and then RAF Fulbeck on 10 October 1944. During a raid on the Osnabruck Canal in November 1944, his Avro Lancaster bomber was hit by a bomb from another aircraft. The sole survivor of the crew, he became a prisoner of war, in Stalag Luft I. Released when the war ended, he was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross on 3 April 1945, with the award backdated to 20 November 1944. He was promoted to the wartime substantive rank of wing commander on 7 January 1945, and substantive rank on 1 October 1946.
Post-war
After receiving a King's Commendation for Valuable Service in the Air on 9 June 1949, Weir served as Senior Officer-in-Charge Administration (SOA) at AHQ Malta from 3 Dec 1949, with promotion to group captain on 1 January 1951. He worked in the Air Ministry from 1952 to 1955, when he became commander of the Central Gunnery School at RAF Leconfield. He was task force commander for the Operation Buffalo British nuclear tests at Maralinga in Australia in 1956, which saw the first air drop of a live British nuclear weapon. After promotion to air commodore on 1 January 1957, he was air task group commander for the Operation Grapple nuclear tests at Christmas Island in 1957, the first test of a British thermonuclear weapon, for which he was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the 1958 New Year Honours,
Afterwards, Weir attended the Joint Services Staff College. He became the Senior Air Staff Officer (SASO) at HQ Middle East Air Force on 12 May 1958, and became Deputy Commander in Chief of the Middle East Air Force on 23 April 1959. He was promoted to air vice-marshal on 1 July 1959. and was made a Companion of the Order of the Bath on 9 February 1960. On 15 May 1961, he became commandant of the School of Land/Air Warfare; on 31 March 1963 the school was absorbed into the Joint Warfare Establishment, of which he then became commandant.
Weir's final posting, on 30 October 1964, was to Washington, DC, as deputy to the British representative on the NATO Military Committee and deputy head of the British Defence Staff (Washington). He died suddenly there of a heart attack on 5 August 1965.
Notes
1913 births
1965 deaths
Military personnel from Glasgow
Companions of the Order of the Bath
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Recipients of the Distinguished Flying Cross (United Kingdom)
Recipients of the Commendation for Valuable Service in the Air
Royal Air Force air marshals
Graduates of the Royal Air Force College Cranwell
Royal Air Force personnel of World War II
Shot-down aviators
British World War II prisoners of war
World War II prisoners of war held by Germany
Boopis is a genus of flowering plants in the family Calyceraceae, native to Chile, Argentina and Brazil. The taxon is believed to be highly polyphyletic.
Species
Currently accepted species include:
Boopis andicola Gand.
Boopis anthemoides Juss.
Boopis australis Decne.
Boopis breviscapa Phil.
Boopis bupleuroides C.A.Müll.
Boopis castillonii (Hicken) Pontiroli
Boopis chubutensis Speg.
Boopis filifolia Speg.
Boopis gracilis Phil.
Boopis graminea Phil.
Boopis itatiaiae Dusén
Boopis juergensii Pilg.
Boopis multicaulis Phil.
Boopis necronensis Zav.-Gallo, S.Denham & Pozner
Boopis patagonica Speg.
Boopis pterocalyx Zav.-Gallo, S.Denham & Pozner
Boopis pusilla Phil.
Boopis raffaellii Speg.
References
Calyceraceae
Asterales genera
Adoxophyes afonini is a moth of the family Tortricidae which is endemic to Vietnam.
The wingspan is . The ground colour of the forewings is pale yellowish cream with dense orange reticulation. The markings are rust brown with some orange dots. The hindwings are whitish cream.
Etymology
The species is dedicated to Mr. Afonin, the collector of the species.
References
Moths described in 2009
Endemic fauna of Vietnam
Moths of Asia
Adoxophyes
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
Alice Huntington Bushee (December 4, 1867 - April 28, 1956) was an American librarian and early pioneer in Hispanic studies. She was a professor at Wellesley College and wrote several books, including Fundamentals of Spanish Grammar.
Early years and education
Bushee was born on December 4, 1867 in Worcester, Massachusetts. She grew up in Morrisville, Vermont. Bushee graduated from the Peoples Academy in 1886. In 1891, she graduated from Mount Holyoke College. She was the class valedictorian.
Career
After graduation, Bushee taught in schools in the United States.
In 1893, she traveled to Europe to be a missionary where she was slated to work in San Sebastian. In San Sebastian, she worked as a librarian, math teacher and Spanish literature teacher at the International Institute for Girls in Spain (IIGS). In 1904, she organized the IIGS. When her father died in 1907, Bushee returned to the United States.
Bushee graduated with a master's degree in Spanish from Boston University in 1909. She became a Spanish teacher at Wellesley College in 1911. Bushee published Fundamentals of Spanish Grammar in 1917 which was praised by Hispania as "nothing quite like it in modern language grammars published in this country." The grammar book used a deductive method of language instruction. In 1931, she became the Helen J. Sanborn Chair of Spanish literature at Wellesley. Other accomplishments include recovering a "lost" volume of the book, The Sucesos of Mateo Alemán, which helped fill in missing history about Mateo Alemán's life in Mexico. Hispanic Review called Bushee an early pioneer in Hispanic studies in the United States. She published Three Centuries of Tirso de Molina in 1939 about theater of writer, Tirso de Molina. She later published a study about de Molina called La prudencia en la mujer in 1948.
In 1936, Bushee retired to live with her family in Rhode Island. Bushee died on April 28, 1956 in Woonsocket in the hospital after an illness.
References
External links
Bushee papers
The Fundamentals of Spanish Grammar
Find-a-Grave Memorial
1867 births
1956 deaths
American librarians
Mount Holyoke College alumni
Boston University alumni
Wellesley College faculty
People from Worcester, Massachusetts
American Christian missionaries
19th-century American women writers
20th-century American women writers
American women librarians
Female Christian missionaries
Writers from Vermont
People from Morristown, Vermont
Protestant missionaries in Spain
American women academics
"Take Me on the Floor" is a song by the Veronicas from their second album Hook Me Up. It was released as the fourth single from the album in Australia as a digital download on 27 July 2008. In the US Warner Bros. hosted a poll for fans to vote through texting to decide which should be the second single in the US; "Take Me on the Floor" was then announced as the next single on their YouTube page and was released on 24 March 2009 to radio. The song was used in promotional ads for the 2008 season of Australia's Dancing with the Stars. A remix of "Take Me on the Floor" was later made featuring Pitbull.
Writing and inspiration
The song was written by Toby Gad, Jessica Origliasso and Lisa Origliasso.
Several lines of "Take Me on the Floor", specifically "I wanna kiss a girl, I wanna kiss a girl, I wanna kiss a boy", caused some controversy for its portrayal of sexuality. The video also stirred up controversy, as it depicts kissing scenes between girls.
Lisa states "Yeah, I reckon there's a sexual undertone to that song, but when we were writing it we were thinking about having fun, going to a club, being on the dancefloor. You can interpret it how you like."
Music and structure
"Take Me on the Floor" is an uptempo electropop-dance song. The song is set in Common time with an energy filled fast tempo of 138 beats per minute. The song is written in the key of E minor. The song begins with techno synths playing followed by breathy vocal, then progresses into fast tempo techno-dance beat played by guitars, synthesizer keyboards, and synthesized Tr-808 drums. Lisa and Jess's vocal range spans from A3-E5.
Lyrically, the song is about having fun on the dancefloor.
The song is also the first song to feature screams, which are performed by Jessica.
Critical reception
Chris Williams of Billboard gave the song a positive review, stating "Their second single "Take Me on the Floor" finds the girls collaborating with writer/producer Toby Gad ("Big Girls Don't Cry") for an arresting, festive slice of dance/pop. A subdued vocal and synth intro bursts into the kind of electronica groove currently in favor thanks to Lady GaGa. The Veronicas concoct a club anthem whose lyrics and video may raise an eyebrow, surely with the hope of continued teen pop momentum for their second album, "Hook Me Up"." Epinions call the song a delivery of the most radio friendly disco, new wave and rock saying it would be a great song to just let go to in the dance clubs. Sheena Lyonais of CHARTAttack calls Take Me on the Floor "admittedly pure teenage party tracks, but impossible to respect"
Chart performance
"Take Me on the Floor" peaked at number seven in its second week of release on the Australian ARIA Singles Chart. In its ninth week, it was certified Gold (35,000+ sales) on digital downloads alone. It is their fourth consecutive single from Hook Me Up to reach top 10 in Australia. In the US, the single debuted on the Billboard Pop 100 chart at number 97, and peaked at number 81 on the Billboard Hot 100.
Music video
Australian version
The official music video for "Take Me on the Floor" premiered on 13 August 2008 on the Hot 30 Countdown website. The video begins with Lisa surrounded by lights singing in a club while everyone is dancing. Then both girls start singing the chorus of the song while in front of a blue background. It then shows a man walking into the club. After the chorus, Jess starts singing in front of a red window with Mandarin Chinese writing on it. It occasionally shows scenes with Lisa singing in front of the same backdrop throughout the verse. In the third verse, Jess finds a woman to dance with, and Lisa finds a man. Throughout the last chorus, it shows them with the men and woman dancing in the same club shown at the start. The song ends with both girls standing in front of the blue background again.
Throughout the video it cuts to scenes where everyone is dancing as well as them singing in front of the lights and a red Mandarin Chinese backdrop, as well as several people kissing. Controversy arose when sections in the music video depicted 2 women making out in a mock doggy style position.
International version
The international version of the music video was a live version shot on 24 February 2009 at the Palais Theatre in Melbourne on the Australian leg of the Revenge Is Sweeter tour. The video was released on their website on 1 May 2009.
Track listing
iTunes single
"Take Me on the Floor" (Toby Gad, Jessica Origliasso, Lisa Origliasso) – 3:30
Charts
Weekly charts
Year end charts
Certification
Release history
References
2007 songs
2008 singles
The Veronicas songs
Electronic rock songs
Techno songs
Synth-pop songs
LGBT-related songs
Songs written by Toby Gad
Songs written by Jessica Origliasso
Songs written by Lisa Origliasso
Song recordings produced by Toby Gad
This Dream of You is the fifteenth studio album by Canadian singer Diana Krall, released on September 25, 2020, by Verve Records. The album spawned two singles released in August 2020.
Background
The album is named after Krall's rendition of the Bob Dylan song from his album Together Through Life (2009). The release is a collection of Krall's scores of studio recordings that she performed with her longtime producer Tommy LiPuma before his death in 2017. The dozen tracks was selected from over 30 recordings that the pair had laid down. The album was finished in May 2020 and produced by Krall herself. The "Autumn in New York" video was created to raise awareness for New York Cares, the largest volunteer organization in New York City founded in 1987.
Critical reception
At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 71, based on four reviews, which indicates "generally favorable reviews".
Stephen Thomas Erlewine of AllMusic wrote, "This Dream of You winds up shining a light on the accomplishment of the final album Krall and LiPuma finished in his lifetime. Together, they knew which songs to select to create a complete listen. What remained behind is nice but not quite absorbing." Sebastian Scotney, in his review for The Arts Desk, stated, "Whereas Turn Up The Quiet contained the very best of Krall's sessions in the years before Lipuma passed away, This Dream of You [...], presenting the also-rans, is quite simply not as good... This disappointing album feels like quite the wrong way to be setting the seal on the Krall/LiPuma years. It is to be hoped that she can and will bounce back from it." Glide Magazine Jim Hynes mentioned, "As one who has many Krall albums, this will undoubtedly satisfy her listeners who came aboard as she was building her career playing standards and those who enjoyed her past two efforts. This Dream of You is a solid entry, though surely not the strongest in her storied catalog."
Lee Zimmerman of American Songwriter observed, "Credit Diana Krall with doing what she does best on her sumptuous new album, This Dream of You, a collection of (mostly) classic covers rendered in her distinctive signature sensual style. All hushed smoky vocals, subtle orchestration and arrangements and, of course, her exquisite and articulate piano playing, it shares its nocturnal ambiance and late night caress in an intimate but expressive manner, one that would befit a supper club setting." Steve Futterman, in his review for The New Yorker, wrote, "Diana Krall's new album is a waiting game. For much of its length, the understated singer offers up congenial readings of Great American Songbook warhorses, relying on the fixed intimacy of her trademark breathy and oh-so-careful vocal style."
Track listing
Personnel
Credits adapted from the liner notes of This Dream of You.
Musicians
Diana Krall – piano ; vocals
John Clayton Jr. – bass
Jeff Hamilton – drums
Anthony Wilson – guitar
Vanessa Freebairn-Smith – cello solo ; cello
Christian McBride – bass
Russell Malone – guitar
Alan Broadbent – piano ; orchestral arrangements
Tony Garnier – bass
Karriem Riggins – drums
Marc Ribot – guitar
Stuart Duncan – fiddle
Randall Krall – accordion
Joel Derouin – concertmaster
Charlie Bisharat, Mario DeLeon, Kevin Connolly, Neel Hammond, Tamara Hatwan, Natalie Leggett, Songa Lee, Katia Popov, Michele Richards, Kathleen Sloan, Marcy Dicterow Vaj, Ina Veli, John Wittenberg – violins
Andrew Duckles, Kathryn Reddish, Colleen Sugata, Mike Whitson – violas
Jodi Burnett, Alisha Bauer, Jeniffer Kuhn – celli
Technical
Diana Krall – production
Tommy LiPuma – production
Al Schmitt – mixing ; recording
Steve Genewick – engineering assistance, Pro Tools editing
Chandler Harrod – engineering assistance
Brian Montgomery – recording
Chris Potter – recording
Eric Boulanger – mastering
Shari Sutcliffe – production coordination
Olivia Guerino – production coordination
Chie Imaizumi – copyist
Terry Woodson – copyist
Artwork
Coco Shinomiya – design
Mr. Fotheringham – label illustration
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Notes
References
External links
2020 albums
Albums produced by Tommy LiPuma
Albums recorded at Capitol Studios
Covers albums
Diana Krall albums
Verve Records albums
Alphonse may refer to:
Alphonse (given name)
Alphonse (surname)
Alphonse Atoll, one of two atolls in the Seychelles' Alphonse Group
See also
Alphons
Alfonso (disambiguation)
The Georgia Bulldogs softball team represents University of Georgia in NCAA Division I college softball. The team participates in the Southeastern Conference. The Bulldogs are currently led by head coach Tony Baldwin. The team plays its home games at Jack Turner Stadium located on the university's campus.
History
Coaching history
Championships
Conference Championships
Divisional Championships
Conference Tournament Championships
Coaching staff
Notable players
Sources:
National awards
NFCA Golden Shoe Award
Cortni Emanuel, 2018
Conference awards
SEC Player of the Year
Kim Wendland, 2005
SEC Pitcher of the Year
Michelle Green, 2003, 2005
SEC Freshman of the Year
Geri Ann Glasco, 2013
References
Padar () is a rural locality (a selo) in Derbentsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 2,266 as of 2010. There are 17 streets.
Geography
Padar is located 26 km northwest of Derbent (the district's administrative centre) by road. Velikent and Karadagly are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Azerbaijanis and Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Derbentsky District
Marvin Fritz (born 20 April 1993) is a German motorcycle racer. He competes in the Endurance FIM World Championship aboard a Yamaha YZF-R1. He won the 2005 ADAC Junior Cup, the 2014 IDM Supersport Championship aboard a Yamaha YZF-R6 and the 2016 IDM Superbike Championship aboard a Yamaha YZF-R1.
Fritz debuted in World superbikes at Most during August 2021, where the YART team had previously tested, finishing the season with six points.
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
References
External links
Profile on MotoGP.com
Profile on WorldSBK.com
Team Website
1993 births
German motorcycle racers
Living people
125cc World Championship riders
Superbike World Championship riders
19th Avenue/Camelback is a station on the Metro light rail line in Uptown Phoenix, Arizona, United States. A park and ride lot is adjacent to the station on the south side of Camelback Road.
Station art
The 19th Avenue/Camelback station features art by Josh Garber:
"This landmark is approximately 30 feet tall, with an aluminum “skin” on the outside made from cut segments of aluminum bars. Fiber optic lights under the skin transform the sculpture into an inviting beacon at night.
Ridership
References
External links
Valley Metro map
Valley Metro Rail stations in Phoenix, Arizona
Railway stations in the United States opened in 2008
2008 establishments in Arizona
North Central State College is a public community college in Mansfield, Ohio. It is located on the campus of The Ohio State University at Mansfield. NCSC offers associate degrees and certification programs in a number of career fields including business, computers, engineering, health science and public service, technology, and workforce development.
History
In 1961, the Mansfield Board of Education established Mansfield School of Technology, the predecessor of North Central State College. This institution's primary purpose was to provide local residents with technical training so that they could advance in the workplace or secure better careers. In 1968, the Ohio Board of Regents authorized Mansfield School of Technology to become North Central Technical College. This new institution expanded its programs beyond Mansfield to include residents of Ashland, Crawford, and Richland Counties. As the college continued to grow and offered a wider array of courses, the institution became known, in 1999, as North Central State College. In 2005, North Central State College offered nearly thirty associate degree and thirty certificate degree programs. NCSC also has articulation agreements with a number of four-year institutions in Ohio for students who wish to transfer and continue their education without the loss of credits earned.
Campus
North Central State College's main campus in Mansfield is , shared with The Ohio State University at Mansfield. The college also has two satellite centers: the Kehoe Center in Shelby, and the Crawford Success Center in Bucyrus.
References
External links
Official website
Public universities and colleges in Ohio
Education in Richland County, Ohio
Buildings and structures in Mansfield, Ohio
Community colleges in Ohio
Coenocalpe lapidata, the slender-striped rufous, is a moth of the family Geometridae. It was described by Jacob Hübner in 1809 and is found in most of the Palearctic realm.
The wingspan is 28–34 mm. It cannot possibly be confused with any other species.The forewings are light brown with fine dark brown diagonal lines. These lines are less conspicuous on the hindwings. Discal dots are minute or wanting, apex of forewing with an oblique shade the name typical form is pale. — millierata Stgr , from S. E. France, is more liver-coloured, more obscurely marked, the hindwing more darkened distally. The larva is nearly cylindrical, dorsally with longitudinal lines and stripes of ochreous and brown or fuscous, ventrally more reddish, lateral stripe pale. The tubercles and spiracles are black.The pupa is cylindrical, rather blunt at ends, its surface polished reddish brown.
Adults are on wing from May to September in two generations.
The larvae feed on Ranunculus acris, Anemone nemorosa, Galium and Clematis vitalba.
References
External links
Slender-striped rufous at UKMoths
Fauna Europaea
Melanthiini
Moths of Europe
Moths described in 1809
Taxa named by Jacob Hübner
Mel Tormé Live at the Fujitsu–Concord Festival 1990 is a 1991 live album by the American jazz singer Mel Tormé, recorded in Tokyo.
Track listing
"A Shine on Your Shoes" (Howard Dietz, Arthur Schwartz) – 3:19
"Looking at You"/"That Face"/"Look at That Face" (Irving Berlin)/(Lew Spence, Alan Bergman)/(Leslie Bricusse, Anthony Newley) – 4:34
"A Nightingale Sang in Berkeley Square" (Eric Maschwitz, Manning Sherwin) – 4:45
"Wave" (Antônio Carlos Jobim) – 5:45
"Stardust" (Hoagy Carmichael, Mitchell Parish) – 6:02
"Don'cha Go 'Way Mad"/"Come to Baby Do" (Jimmy Mundy, Al Stillman, Illinois Jacquet)/(Inez James, Sidney Miller) – 3:51
"The Christmas Song"/"Autumn Leaves" (Mel Tormé, Bob Wells)/(Joseph Kosma, Johnny Mercer, Jacques Prévert) – 6:59
"You're Driving Me Crazy"/"Moten Swing" (Walter Donaldson)/(Bennie Moten) – 6:21
"Sent for You Yesterday (And Here You Come Today)" (Count Basie, Eddie Durham, Jimmy Rushing) – 4:26
"Swingin' the Blues" (Basie, Durham, Jon Hendricks) – 4:40
"Tokyo State of Mind" (Billy Joel, Tormé) – 5:27
Personnel
Mel Tormé - vocals
John Campbell - piano
Bob Maize - double bass
Donny Osborne - drums
Frank Wess–Harry Edison big band
Frank Wess - alto saxophone
Joe Newman - trumpet
References
Mel Tormé live albums
1991 live albums
albums produced by Carl Jefferson
Concord Records live albums
KEYE-TV (channel 42) is a television station in Austin, Texas, United States, affiliated with CBS and Telemundo. Owned by Sinclair Broadcast Group, the station maintains studios on Metric Boulevard in North Austin and a transmitter on Waymaker Way on the city's west side.
History
Early years
The UHF channel 42 allocation in Austin had originally been used by NBC affiliate KHFI-TV when that station signed on in February 1965. That station moved to channel 36 and became KTVV in 1973; it is now KXAN-TV.
On December 4, 1983, what is known today as KEYE-TV began broadcasting originally as KBVO-TV, an independent television station. Its call sign referenced Bevo, the mascot of the hometown University of Texas Longhorns. The station's original owner was the Austin Television Company, a group of local investors including former congressman Joe Kilgore but dominated by Darrold Cannan, Jr., owner of NBC affiliate KAMR-TV in Amarillo, and Michael McKinnon, who owned two ABC affiliates in Texas (KBMT in Beaumont and KIII-TV in Corpus Christi) and independent station KUSI-TV in San Diego; local advertising executive Steve Beard was the general manager. On October 9, 1986, the station became a charter affiliate of the upstart Fox network and began branding itself as "Fox 42" on air in the early 1990s. By 1994, it was one of the top 10 highest-rated Fox affiliates in the country; Cannan and Beard were now the sole owners.
From Fox to CBS
In 1994, New World Communications purchased KTBC, which was included in a groupwide affiliation deal to switch most of New World's stations to Fox (which later purchased the New World holdings). With KTBC set to drop its longtime CBS affiliation and land the new Fox affiliation as a result, Austin Television Company initially reached out to CBS for KBVO to land the new affiliation, but was turned down by the network at first, mainly due to concerns with affiliating with an independently owned UHF outlet. In addition, CBS outlets KENS in San Antonio and KWTX in Waco provided Grade B signals into the Austin market, should there be a concern with the region lacking a CBS affiliate. (Both stations were listed in TV listings in the Austin American-Statesman for decades.)
In October 1994, Austin Television reached a deal to sell KBVO-TV for $54 million to Granite Broadcasting Corporation, which would affiliate KBVO-TV with CBS, once the network is bumped from KTBC.
On July 1, 1995, KTBC and KBVO swapped affiliations, with Fox moving to KTBC and the CBS affiliation going to KBVO. Simultaneously with the affiliation switch, KBVO changed its callsign to KEYE-TV the same day, seeking to avoid confusion over where CBS programs were in the Austin market and bolster its ties to the new network. The callsign refers to the iconic CBS Eye logo, as well as to "The Eyes of Texas", one of several songs associated with the University of Texas. It branded itself as "K-EYE 42, Your Eye on Austin" until 1999 when the branding was shortened to simply "K-EYE" on account of the fact that it was now available to all Austin area cable subscribers on cable channel 5.
In 1999, Granite put KEYE up for sale in order to meet debt obligations; that April, CBS agreed to buy the station for $160 million. The sale closed that August, making KEYE the second owned-and-operated station of any major network in the market (after KTBC). The next year, Viacom bought CBS; at that time, KEYE became part of a cluster of television stations in Texas owned by Viacom, alongside fellow CBS station KTVT and then-UPN affiliate KTXA (now an independent station) in the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex, and Houston UPN station KTXH. The latter station was then swapped to Fox (alongside WDCA in Washington, D.C.) in 2001 in exchange for San Francisco's KBHK.
In 2005, the station modified its branding to "CBS42 K-EYE" to reflect its CBS ownership and for cable subscribers to avoid confusion with San Antonio's CBS outlet KENS-TV, seen on VHF analog channel 5. The "K-EYE" branding was phased out altogether in 2006, with references to the KEYE-TV call sign limited to station identifications and the station's website address.
On February 7, 2007, CBS agreed to sell seven of its stations to Cerberus Capital Management, L.P., for $185 million. Cerberus formed a new holding company for the stations, Four Points Media Group, which took over the operations of the stations through local marketing agreements in late June 2007. The sale to Four Points was consummated on January 10, 2008; Four Points operated the stations outright until March 20, 2009, when it entered into a three-year local service agreement with the Irving, Texas-based Nexstar Broadcasting Group. The latter company then took over the management of all of the Four Points stations, including KEYE. In August 2009, the "CBS42" branding was dropped and the station returned to branding with its call letters; the station website address was concurrently changed to weareaustin.com.
On September 8, 2011, Sinclair Broadcast Group announced its intent to purchase Four Points from Cerberus Capital Management for $200 million; Sinclair began managing the stations, including KEYE, under local marketing agreements after receiving antitrust approval from the U.S. Department of Justice, until the sale's closure. The sale made KEYE-TV the third Sinclair-owned television property in Texas, as the group already owned Fox affiliate KABB and CW affiliate KMYS (and has since acquired NBC affiliate WOAI-TV) in San Antonio (it has also since bought Fox affiliate KFOX-TV and CBS affiliate KDBC-TV in El Paso). The deal was completed on January 3, 2012. In August 2016, the station dropped its call sign branding again and began referring to itself as "CBS Austin".
Programming
Syndicated programming
As of September 2020, syndicated programming seen on KEYE includes The Drew Barrymore Show and The Kelly Clarkson Show among others.
NFL preseason coverage
From 2002 to 2008, KEYE held local broadcast rights to Houston Texans pre-season games, in addition to airing CBS' coverage of NFL games from the Texans' home conference, the American Football Conference. On April 3, 2006, the station signed a deal to become the official home of the Dallas Cowboys in Austin; KEYE airs pre-season games as well as several Cowboys-related shows during the NFL season.
News operation
Before it switched to CBS, KEYE (as KBVO) had no newscasts with the exception of nightly updates aired during Fox prime time programming from a small closet studio. After the affiliation swap, on July 3, 1995, KEYE immediately launched a full slate of newscasts, under the moniker "K-EYEWitness News". Veteran anchorman Neal Spelce, formerly of KTBC, was hired as part of the new operation, and the station's Metric Boulevard studios were expanded to house the news department.
Since that time, the first newscast to be dropped was the noon newscast. The station has also added and since dropped three hours of newscasts on weekend mornings. KEYE originally used the Eyewitness News format (titled K-EYEwitness News), which was used until 2000 (the newscast title was shorted to KEYE News in late 1998, became CBS 42 K-EYE News in 2005, and then simply CBS 42 News in 2006).
KEYE-TV presently broadcasts 24½ hours of locally produced newscasts each week (with 4½ hours on weekdays and one hour each on Saturdays and Sundays); unlike most CBS stations in the Central Time Zone, KEYE does not carry a midday newscast on weekdays. In addition, the station produces five hours of newscasts each week (consisting of 5 and 10 p.m. newscasts on weeknights, which are broadcast in Spanish) for its Telemundo-affiliated digital subchannel.
KEYE became the first television station in the Austin market—and the first station in the Four Points Media Group—to begin broadcasting its local newscasts in high definition on November 1, 2007. However, while the in-studio video is in high definition, most of the field video remains in pillarboxed 4:3 standard definition.
The station canceled its 5 p.m. newscast in September 2009, replacing it with We Are Austin LIVE, an hour-long 4 p.m. lifestyle show anchored by Michelle Valles and Jason Wheeler. A few weeks later, the weekday morning newscast was canceled and later replaced with a simulcast of the J.B. and Sandy Morning Show from KAMX (94.7 FM; which was formerly owned alongside KEYE during its CBS ownership until CBS Radio sold KAMX, KKMJ, KXBT and KJCE to Entercom Communications in August 2006); this left KEYE with only the 6 and 10 p.m. newscasts and a 5:30 p.m. newscast on Sunday evenings. On June 30, 2011, the simulcast of the J.B. and Sandy Morning Show was replaced by the in-house newscast We Are Austin Mornings, a morning extension of We Are Austin LIVE that was similar in format to that of the national network morning news programs; the replacement was due in part to KEYE and Entercom-owned KAMX being unable to reach a renewal agreement for Channel 42 to continue airing the JB and Sandy Morning Show simulcast.
On May 31, 2012, KEYE-TV announced the reversal of its September 2009 late afternoon news programming changes with cancellation of We Are Austin LIVE effective June 15 (which was replaced by The Insider and Who Wants to Be a Millionaire); the 5 p.m. newscast also returned to the schedule on June 18, 2012.
In contrast to former Fox stations on UHF that are now CBS, ABC or NBC stations—which often have had little to no success against their better-established news competitors, resulting in some stations even shutting down their news departments outright—KEYE's news department has made a particularly good account of itself in the quarter-century since the switch. It has benefited from CBS pouring significant resources into the news department when the network owned the station. Austin's meteoric growth in the new millennium also benefitted the station, as new residents judge all the market's stations on their current-day merits rather than their small-market beginnings, including KEYE. It wages a spirited battle for second place in the local Nielsen ratings with KXAN, and occasionally beats out KVUE for first.
Notable former on-air staff
Robert Flores – sports director (2000–2004; recently left ESPN; now at MLB Network)
Shaun Robinson – 5 p.m. anchor (1995–?; recently left Access Hollywood)
Technical information
Subchannels
The station's digital signal is multiplexed:
It was announced on March 29, 2008, that KEYE would begin carrying the Retro Television Network on a new digital subchannel 42.2, running a customized schedule for the Austin market.
On October 1, 2009, digital channel 42.2 switched its affiliation to Telemundo and debuted locally produced Spanish-language newscasts at 5 and 10 p.m. weeknights, displacing RTV. It was the second Sinclair property upon their purchase associated with a Spanish-language network after West Palm Beach sister station WWHB-CA with Azteca America.
Analog-to-digital conversion
KEYE-TV shut down its analog signal in November 2008. The station's digital signal remained on its pre-transition UHF channel 43, using PSIP to display KEYE-TV's virtual channel as 42 on digital television receivers.
Due to the 2016–2017 FCC TV spectrum auction, KEYE moved from RF channel 43 to RF channel 34 on June 21, 2019.
ATSC 3.0 channels
On October 7, 2020, ATSC 3.0 (NextGen TV) began broadcasting on KBVO-CD, with KEYE-TV as a participating station. KEYE-TV's CBS subchannel was added to the ATSC 3.0 multiplex, with the station hosting two subchannels on KBVO's behalf.
References
"Dallas Cowboys align with KEYE" Austin Business Journal, April 3, 2006
"KVUE, KXAN hold on in the latest ratings" Austin Business Journal, August 30, 1996
"KVUE sweeps up competition in November" Austin Business Journal, December 20, 1996
External links
– Telemundo Austin
EYE-TV
CBS network affiliates
Telemundo network affiliates
Television channels and stations established in 1983
Sinclair Broadcast Group
1983 establishments in Texas
Theevandi () is a 2018 Indian Malayalam-language romantic comedy drama film directed by Fellini T. P. and written by Vini Vishwa Lal. The film stars Tovino Thomas, Samyuktha Menon, Sudheesh, Surabhi Lakshmi, Rajesh Sharma, Suraj Venjarammoodu, Saiju Kurup, and Shammi Thilakan in lead-roles. Principal photography began in November 2017 and ended around January 2018. Kailas Menon composed the music and Appu Bhattathiri was the editor. The film was released on 7 September 2018.
Plot
Damodaran, a resident of the fictional village of Pullinad, is unable to transport his pregnant wife to the hospital due to heavy rain and the rebellion following the Assassination of Rajiv Gandhi. His wife's brother, referred to as Ammavan by the protagonist and his friends, arranges for a midwife. Damodaran is initially against it but later agrees. Unfortunately, the child is stillborn, and this devastates Damodaran. He places the lifeless child on a table and goes to see his wife whose condition has worsened. Ammavan, a chain smoker, blows smoke at the seemingly dead child, which causes it to begin breathing.
The child is named Bineesh. As a child, Bineesh buys cigarettes for his uncle using his allowance. When he becomes a teenager, he is prompted by his friend Safar to smoke a cigarette and eventually becomes addicted. Due to a foolish statement made by Safar, Bineesh is caught in the school for smoking and is asked to bring his parents. He decides to bring his uncle instead. That night, while he is going to meet his uncle, he sees a packet of cigarettes and chooses to smoke one. He heads outside and smokes peacefully. However, he is mistaken for a thief by two police constables and is taken to the police station; consequently, people learn about his secret.
As time passes, he becomes more and more addicted and receives the title of Theevandi (chain-smoker, colloquially). His elder sister eventually is married to Vijith, a Bharatiya Socialist Congress League (BSCL) party member while Bineesh falls in love with his childhood friend Devi. Devi is the daughter of Madhu, an active BSCL member. He is against his daughters' relationship with Bineesh but later relents on the condition that Bineesh reduces his smoking.
Devi belongs to a different caste that is accustomed to a different thaali, a holy thread tied around the bride's neck that signifies marriage. Bineesh purchases it, and Devi asks him to show it to her father. After forgetting several times, he decides to bring the thaali in a cigarette packet, which he is sure he will not forget. Devi's heart is broken on seeing the thaali inside the cigarette packet, and this leads to their breakup.
Meanwhile, Ammavan and Safar are shown to frequently visit Edison Thuruthu (Edison's Island) which is hinted at being a haven for drunkards and hippies. Bineesh is frustrated and decides to smoke sixteen packets of cigarettes at a time, setting a new world record. The MLA's Nepali driver, Sanju, gives the money for the cigarettes, confusing everyone. One day, while driving the car with the MLA, it is revealed that the driver is a victim of the Blue Whale Challenge and is about to commit suicide as his fiftieth and final task. The car crashes into the building where Bineesh is smoking. The MLA falls into a coma while the driver manages to escape. Later that night a tiff happens over the nomination of a BCSL candidate for the by-election. Since the MLA is in a coma, they feel that there is no chance of recovery. The majority chooses Madhu while Bineesh demands the nomination of his brother-in-law Vijith. Bineesh, who hates Madhu, does not want him to be the candidate. Madhu is an equally clever person and challenges Bineesh to abstain from smoking until a particular day when the party will organize a widespread protest in the village by forming a human chain. Madhu promises Bineesh that if he succeeds in this, he will renounce his claim to the nomination and let Vijith be the sole nominee. Bineesh accepts the challenge.
Madhu hires a network of spies to follow Bineesh. A few of them are asked to stay in his house and try to make him smoke. Bineesh can refrain from smoking for the first few days, but soon his body begins to react. One night he sneaks out of the house to smoke a cigarette. Libash, Madhu's spy, notices this and climbs a nearby tree to capture a video of Bineesh smoking. Luckily for Bineesh, there happens to be a giant snake in that tree that startles Libash, who falls before Bineesh lights his cigarette. Libash is taken to the hospital, and Madhu's spies accompany him. Vijith finds the cigarettes and decides to take Bineesh to Edison Island. Madhu discovers this and informs his party members. When Vijith returns to the banks after dropping Bineesh on the island, he puts on an act in front of the party members and takes a spy of Madhu to Edison Island.
Meanwhile, Bineesh finds that he has been cheated since Edison Island is devoid of drugs, alcohol, and cigarettes. It is inhabited by two hippie-like musicians, Rasputin and Bob Marley. They moved to the island because they were unable to put up with politics in Pullinad. Bineesh is unable to leave the island since he cannot swim. Safar hires a group of goons to guard the island and wards off Madhu's men who try to smuggle cigarettes to the island on the pretext of meeting Bineesh. After several failed smuggling attempts by Madhu's men, he approaches Libash for an idea. The person who is nursing Libash arranges a group of young men who are practitioners of the Indian martial art Kalaripayattu.
On the last day, the day of the human chain protest, Libash goes with the group and thrashes the goons guarding the banks, and reaches the island on a boat. Upon arrival, Libash prompts Bineesh to smoke an imported cigarette. By now, Bineesh has learned to love the world without cigarettes. He refuses the cigarette and thereby wins the challenge. Vijith is happy, but at the last minute, the MLA returns in a wheelchair to inaugurate the event, thereby shattering Vijiths' dreams. Vijith slips into smoking, thereby becoming a new companion for Ammavan.
Cast
Tovino Thomas as Bineesh Damodaran
Samyuktha Menon as Devi
Sudheesh as Sugunan
Surabhi Lakshmi as Secretary Vishalam
Saiju Kurup as Vijith (Bineesh's brother-in-law)
Rajesh Sharma as Damodaran (Bineesh's father)
Suraj Venjarammoodu as Madhu (Devi's Father)
Shammi Thilakan as Balachandran M.L.A
Neena Kurup as Shailaja
Vini Vishwa Lal as Shanavas Sir
Bibin Perumbillikunnel as Rasputin Aashan
Vijilesh Karayad as Libash
Arya (actor) as Fellini
Muhammad Musthafa as Imbichi Koya
Aneesh Gopal as Saffer
Davia Mary Ben as Devi's Childhood
Mithun Nair
Anand Bal as Doctor
Production
In November 2017, Tovino Thomas agreed to work with Fellini T. P. on his debut directorial titled Theevandi. Filming which began in November 2017 was wrapped in January 2018. Tovino plays a chain-smoker in the film. Newcomer Samyuktha Menon played the female lead role.
Fellini said that the film is a "coming-of-age drama" and contains smoking scenes almost throughout. He also said that the movie is a "feel-good entertainer" rather than a dark comedy despite the presence of cigarette smoking.
Music
The music for the film is composed by Kailas Menon. B. K. Harinarayanan won the Kerala State Film Award for Best Lyrics for the song "Jeevamshamayi".
Release
Theatrical
The film was originally scheduled to release in May 2018, but was postponed to June end. The 29 June 2018 release date was further postponed due to Kerala Floods and was finally released on 7 September 2018.
Critical response
The Times of India rated 3.5 out of 5 stars. The Indian Express rated 3 out of 5 stars.
Accolades
Notes
References
External links
2010s Malayalam-language films
2018 directorial debut films
2010s political comedy-drama films
Indian political comedy-drama films
Films scored by Kailas Menon
Indian political satire films
2018 drama films
Kazakhstan competed at the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano, Japan.
Medalists
Alpine skiing
Men
Women
Biathlon
Men
Men's 4 × 7.5 km relay
Women
Women's 4 × 7.5 km relay
1 A penalty loop of 150 metres had to be skied per missed target.
2 One minute added per missed target.
Cross-country skiing
Men
1 Starting delay based on 10 km results.
C = Classical style, F = Freestyle
Men's 4 × 10 km relay
Women
2 Starting delay based on 5 km results.
C = Classical style, F = Freestyle
Women's 4 × 5 km relay
Figure skating
Men
Pairs
Ice dancing
Freestyle skiing
Men
Women
Ice hockey
Men's tournament
Preliminary round - Group A
Top team (shaded) advanced to the first round.
First round - Group D
Quarterfinal
{{hockeybox2
| bg = #EEEEEE
| date = 18 February 1998
| team1 =
| team2 = | score = 4 – 1
| periods = (2-1, 2-0, 0-0)
| stadium = The Big Hat/ Aqua Wing Arena, Nagano, Japan
| attendance = 9,602
}}
Leading scorersTeam roster'''
Aleksandr Koreshkov
Konstantin Shafranov
Mikhail Borodulin
Yevgeniy Koreshkov
Vladimir Zavyalov
Igor Zemlyanov
Dmitriy Dudarev
Andrey Pchelyakov
Andrey Sokolov
Pavel Kamentsev
Vitaly Tregubov
Vadim Glovatsky
Andrey Savenkov
Vladimir Antipin
Piotr Deviatkin
Igor Dorohkin
Alexander Shimin
Alexey Trochshinsky
Vitaliy Yeremeyev
Ski jumping
Men's team large hill
1 Four teams members performed two jumps each.
Speed skating
Men
Women
References
Official Olympic Reports
International Olympic Committee results database
Olympic Winter Games 1998, full results by sports-reference.com
Nations at the 1998 Winter Olympics
1998
1998 in Kazakhstani sport
The Woman's Hospital of Texas is an HCA Affiliated Hospital established in 1976 by a group of physicians who recognized a need in Houston for a facility focused solely on women in all stages of life. Its founders, Dr. Stanley Rogers, Dr. Jack Moore and Dr. Warren Jacobs, specifically chose to name the hospital Woman's – not Women's – in honor of each patient as an individual and the personal attention each woman receives. Located near the Texas Medical Center in Houston, Woman's has been one of the state's premier care providers for women and newborns for more than 30 years. The hospital also received accolades from U.S. News & World Report's annual survey ranking it one of the nation's top 50 hospitals for gynecologic care since 2007.
Led by CEO Ashley McClellan and CNO Veronica Martin the hospital remains focused on a woman's responsibility for her health by providing resources for prevention, education, wellness and medical care. Woman's offers a full range of women's services for patients, including minimally invasive surgery and Urogynecology as well as a 48-bed antepartum unit, 35 labor and delivery rooms, a medical surgical unit and 124-bed Levels II and III Neonatal Intensive Care nurseries.
Woman's has welcomed more than 170,000 babies to the world since its inception and delivers more babies in Harris County than any other hospital. With 275 licensed beds plus an additional 92 beds slated to open in early 2009, the opening of the hospital's new wing will enable physicians to deliver 11,000 babies annually, a goal that increases current deliveries by more than 20 percent.
The hospital has garnered recognition for its Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU) as well as its track record of delivering both high-order multiples. It is home to nearly 600 board-certified physicians, many of whom are on the teaching faculty of Baylor College of Medicine and The University of Texas Health Science Center of Houston.
History
1976 – The hospital is established by a group of physicians to meet the individual health needs of women and foster the understanding of how modern healthcare can improve the lives of women and their families
1984 – Woman's completes its first expansion, increasing the total square footage by more than 50 percent of its previous size
1995 – The hospital completes $5.5M in renovations of its Labor and Delivery Unit as well as NICU
2000 – A second renovation allows Woman's to better accommodate its increased number of patients. This expansion brings the facility to
2005 – Hospital delivers Breedlove quadruplets - first set of identical, natural quadruplets born in Houston
2007 – U.S. News & World Report ranks the hospital in the top 50 nationwide for gynecology; Woman's affiliates with Conroe Regional Medical Center to form The Woman's Hospital of Texas at Conroe
2008 – The hospital is again named one of the top 50 hospitals nationwide for gynecologic care; Woman's achieves milestone: first time more than 9,000 babies are delivered in a single year
2009 – Expansion is completed, increasing the total bed count to 367
2015 – Hospital delivers Busby quintuplets, the first set of all girl quintuplets born in the U.S.
University Affiliations
Baylor College of Medicine
• College of the Mainland
• Galveston College
• Houston Baptist University
• Houston Community College
• Lee College
• Lone Star College -Cy Fair
• Prairie View A&M University
• San Jacinto Central
• San Jacinto South
• Texas A&M University Corpus Christi
• Texas Southern University
• Texas State University
• Texas Woman's University
• University of Houston
• University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston
• University of Texas Medical Branch
• University of Texas OB/GYN Program
• Wharton County Junior College
Partner Resources
Physical Therapy
The Fitness Center
The Woman's Place for Breast Care
Notes
Hospital buildings completed in 1976
Hospitals in Houston
Women's hospitals
Women's organizations based in the United States
1976 establishments in Texas
Women in Texas
Papillion Middle School is a middle school in Papillion, Nebraska, United States, which currently holds 7th grade and 8th grade. The school building was opened in 1957 as Papillion High School, which relocated to its present site in north Papillion in August 1971.
Background
The school is the oldest building in the Papillion-La Vista School District. It has many tornado shelters.
Academics
The 7th and 8th grades are each divided into three teams: A Team, B Team, and C Team. Each team has a name that refers to what the students are learning in social studies that year. The core classes, yearly classes that are not electives, include mathematics, social studies, English, science and (in 7th grade) reading.
History
Papillion public schools date back to September 1876. Originally housed in a single brick building at the corner of Halleck and Adams Streets, Papillion's only school served students in all 12 grades. In 1893 the school moved to a new brick building at 420 S. Washington Street (the present site of the district offices). The city continued to grow, and in February 1957, Papillion High School opened in a new building across Washington Street (presently Papillion Jr. High) to students in grades 7-12. The high school moved out of the building to its present site (Papillion-La Vista) in north Papillion in August 1971.
On February 17, 1966 the original Papillion School, built in 1893, was razed to make room for the new junior high school, which was opened in 1967. Nine years later, a new junior high was built in neighboring La Vista to help ease crowding at the current school. Before a new high school was opened, these two junior highs both enrolled ninth grade students. Currently ninth graders attend both high schools, although more go to Papillion South High School. The school's original boundary was Papio Creek; today it is the city limits.
Athletics
Papillion Junior High offers activities such as football, basketball, wrestling, cross-country, track, and volleyball.
See also
Papillion La Vista Senior High School
Papillion La Vista South High School
References
External links
Papillion Junior High School official website
Public middle schools in Nebraska
Educational institutions established in 1967
Schools in Sarpy County, Nebraska
The Environmental Services Association (ESA) is a professional organisation in the United Kingdom representing the UK's waste and secondary resources industry. The ESA's members include the major waste management companies in the UK and is open to all organisations involved in the management of wastes.
Founded in 1968 by waste industry leaders including the following:
Tony Morgan, Purle Bros Ltd.
Don Pannell, A A Pannell Ltd.
Anthony Shutes, Hales Containers Ltd.
Malcolm Wood, Leigh Interests Ltd.
Richard Biffa, Biffa Waste Services Ltd.
Colin Drinkwater, W W Drinkwater Ltd.
Tony Smith, Waste Management Ltd.
Harold Mould, Cleansing Service Group Ltd.
Sam Hemmings, S Hemmings Bristol Ltd.
The current Director-General is Barry Dennis who is also President of the Chartered Institution of Wastes Management, the professional body for waste professionals in the UK.
References
External links
ESA Website
Environmental Cleanup Hazardous Cleanup, Industrial Cleaning
Waste organizations
Alexandros Tereziou (, ; born 1 March 2000) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a centre-forward for Super League 2 club Panathinaikos B.
Career
Skënderbeu Korçë
On 22 October 2020, Tereziou signed a four-year contract with Kategoria Superiore club Skënderbeu Korçë and received squad number 11.
References
2000 births
Living people
Footballers from Nafplion
Greek footballers
Greek people of Albanian descent
Albanian footballers
Association football forwards
Super League Greece players
Asteras Tripolis F.C. players
Super League Greece 2 players
A.E. Karaiskakis F.C. players
Kategoria Superiore players
KF Skënderbeu Korçë players
Panathinaikos F.C. B players
Silverton is a large housing scheme in Dumbarton East, Scotland, located between Dumbarton Rock and Dumbuck Hill and Round Riding Road to the north. It derives its name from the farm upon which it is now located.
It is predominantly a residential area, with both public and private housing stock. Due to its relatively flat geography, the public sector housing was often let to the elderly and infirm of Dumbarton, but now houses a mix of those and commuters to the largest city in Scotland, Glasgow, not far from the town. Dumbarton Academy, the nondenominal public secondary school (though predominantly Protestant) and St. Patrick's Primary School are situated in Silverton, as is the Brock Bowling Club. Dumbarton East railway station is nearby.
There are three newsagent Shops (one of them has a post office), and a Fish & Chip and Pizzeria take-away shop. There is also a swing park in an area known as The Dam.
External links
Brock Bowling Club (Dumbarton)
Dumbarton
The 1979–80 season was the North American Soccer League's first ever full indoor soccer season with playoffs. It began in November 1979, and the championship occurred in March 1980.
Overview
Only 10 of the 24 NASL member-teams chose to field a squad for the 12 game regular season and 6 team, 3 round playoffs. The league decided to make several rule modifications from the NASL indoor tournaments and indoor friendlies of previous years. The most obvious change was the goal. No longer 4 by 16 feet (h x w), the goals now measured a more proportionate 6.5 by 12, with a board or plexiglass panel above the cross bar instead of netting. Rather than being divided into three 20-minute periods (like hockey) as was done previously, or the more recent three 15-minute periods, the game now featured four 15-minute quarters with an extended halftime (similar to American football) and short breaks and the end of the first and third quarters. These modifications were consistent with the rules of the competing Major Indoor Soccer League, which had begun operation in December 1978. Other changes included an extra referee at the bench to keep track of time penalties. Like most American sports, the clock would count down to 00:00 rather than up to "full time" as was done in association football. As before, (like ice hockey) there would be free substitutions, but players now had to touch the wall by their bench before a substitute player could come onto the playing floor. The floor dimensions remained, more or less 200 by 85 feet. Golden goal/sudden death overtime was used to settle games tied at the end of regulation. In the playoffs, 15-minute mini-games were used to decide series that were tied at one victory apiece. Indeed, two playoff series, including the Championship Final between Tampa Bay and Memphis, would need to be settled by means of a mini-game.
Regular season
W = Wins, L = Losses, GB = Games Behind 1st Place, % = Winning Percentage, GF = Goals For, GA = Goals Against, Avg Att = Average Home Attendance
Regular season statistics
Scoring leaders
GP = Games Played, G = Goals (worth 2 points), A = Assists (worth 1 point), Pts = Points
Leading goalkeepers
Note: GP = Games played; Min = Minutes played; Svs = Saves; GA = Goals against; GAA = Goals against average; W = Wins
Playoffs
Bracket
1st round
Division Finals
If a playoff series is tied after two games, a 15 minute, tiebreaker mini-game is played.
Championship Finals
*Memphis Rogues hosted Game 1 (instead of Game 2 and Mini-game) due to scheduling conflicts at the Mid-South Coliseum.
Championship match reports
1979–80 NASL Indoor Champions: Tampa Bay Rowdies
References
NASL Indoor Season, 1979-80
NASL Indoor Season, 1979-80
1980 in American soccer
NASL Indoor seasons
1980
Soccer in Florida
Jesse Michael-Geronimo Valencia is an American musician, author, and actor. He founded the music group Gorky
and authored a nonfiction book called Keep Music Evil: The Brian Jonestown Massacre Story.
Biography
Valencia's family moved to Show Low, Arizona when he was 15 years old. He graduated from Show Low High School.
Valencia attended Northern Arizona University where he got his BS in humanities in 2011. He got two master's degrees there, one in English - Creative Writing in 2014, and one in English - Literature in 2015. He has also served in the military police for the Army.
Music career
Valencia founded the indie rock band Gorky in Show Low, Arizona in 2001. In 2002, Ben Holladay joined on drums and has played in the band ever since. The band have self-released three studio albums, including The Gork...And How To Get It! (2018), More Electric Music (2018) and Mathemagician (2019). The third album was recorded during Valencia's first semester at the David Lynch Graduate School of Cinematic Arts after learning the Transcendental Meditation technique, and released in April 2019 to coincide with the release of his debut nonfiction book, Keep Music Evil: The Brian Jonestown Massacre Story. Also in April, Gorky embarked on a short tour in support of Mathemagician, where Valencia would host author events at local bookstores and read from Keep Music Evil.
Author
In 2019, Valencia published the book Keep Music Evil: The Brian Jonestown Massacre Story, a narrative that explores the history of The Brian Jonestown Massacre band. Tony Creek of RockShot magazine wrote the book "Presented as a personal narrative that evokes the New Journalism of Tom Wolfe and Hunter S. Thompson, Keep Music Evil sets the record straight once and for all, providing close insights into the band's origins in early 1990s San Francisco, their record-making process, and the full, unexpurgated tale of Dig! and its impact. Featuring rare, candid photographs of the band from throughout their career, this is the first comprehensive study of one of rock'n'roll's the most enduring sagas." The book includes Valencia's work from interviewing over 125 people connected to the band over ten years. It was included in a Vogue magazine article that listed what their editors were reading that summer.
Acting
Valencia made his on-screen acting debut opposite Tom Sizemore in the 2016 independent crime drama Durant's Never Closes, and later appeared in the art horror Bride of Violence and post-apocalyptic short film The Mad Man Of Miami. In 2019, he enrolled in the David Lynch Graduate School of Cinematic Arts for their screenwriting program at the Maharishi University of Management.
Sitgreaves County
As early as 2017, in order to promote Gorky's in-development musical film In The Land Of Good Oaks Valencia began pushing the idea of a Sitgreaves County secession movement in the southern parts of Navajo and Apache Counties to local Republican groups in Northeastern Arizona. In the story of 'Good Oaks', the character Valencia was to play, Rhys Diaz, was similarly the creator of such a county. The stunt only made it as far as the local newspaper. From 2018 to 2020, as Valencia was in the David Lynch Graduate School of Cinematic Arts MFA in Screenwriting Program developing the screenplay to the film, ‘Sitgreaves County' grew from a fizzled publicity stunt to a full-blown populist movement. During this time, Valencia successfully lobbied Rep. Walter Blackman and Sen. Wendy Rogers to each introduce their own Sitgreaves County study committee bills into the Arizona Legislature.
In 2021, Valencia pulled the plug on the final Sitgreaves County bill and revealed his intentions of promoting himself, Gorky, and the film after Navajo Nation President Jonathan Nez and Vice President Myron Lizer issued a formal letter to Governor Doug Ducey appealing to him to veto the bill if it passed, as the Navajo leadership interpreted any Sitgreaves County bill as being racist legislation directed against them.
After issuing an official apology to the Arizona State and Tribal Governments, Phoenix Magazine and The Arizona Republic released articles about the Sitgreaves County publicity stunt. Valencia subsequently released Gorky's 7th album "Sitgreaves County" on July 3, 2021.
References
External links
Living people
Northern Arizona University alumni
American writers
American actors
American multi-instrumentalists
People from Arizona
Musicians from Arizona
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Shadow Ministry of John Hewson was the opposition Coalition shadow ministry of Australia from 11 April 1990 to 23 May 1994, opposing the Australian Labor Party's Hawke–Keating government.
The shadow cabinet is a group of senior Opposition spokespeople who form an alternative Cabinet to the government's, whose members shadow or mark each individual Minister or portfolio of the Government.
John Hewson became Leader of the Opposition upon his election as leader of the Liberal Party on 3 April 1990, and appointed his first Shadow Cabinet. He appointed a second, rearranged Shadow Cabinet after losing the 1993 election.
First arrangement
Shadow Cabinet
The following were members of the Shadow Cabinet:
Outer shadow ministry
Second arrangement
The Shadow Ministry was rearranged following the 1993 election.
Shadow Cabinet
Outer shadow ministry
See also
Shadow Ministry of Alexander Downer
Fourth Hawke Ministry
First Keating Ministry
Second Keating Ministry
References
Liberal Party of Australia
National Party of Australia
Hewson
Opposition of Australia
Bayville may refer to a community in the United States:
Bayville, Maine
Bayville, New Jersey
Bayville, New York
The Mitelman Database of Chromosome Aberrations and Gene Fusions in Cancer is a free access database devoted to chromosomes, genes, and cancer. It was first published in 1983 as a book named "Catalog of Chromosome aberrations in Cancer" in the Journal of Cytogenetics and Cell Genetics, containing 3,844 cases. Subsequent editions of the Catalog were published 1985 (5,345 cases), 1988 (9,069 cases), 1991 (14,141 cases), 1994
(22,076 cases), and 1998 (30,541 cases). In 2000, it became an online database on open access hosted by the NCI (National Cancer Institute).
The information in the Mitelman Database of Chromosome Aberrations and Gene Fusions in Cancer relates cytogenetic changes and their genomic consequences, in particular gene fusions, to tumor characteristics, based either on individual cases or associations. All the data have been manually culled from the literature by Felix Mitelman in collaboration with Bertil Johansson and Fredrik Mertens.
"Taking in consideration all the progress made in cancer cytogenetics, it would have been much slower without the Mitelman database."
The Mitelman Database is supported by NCI (National Cancer Institute), the Swedish Cancer Society and the Swedish Childhood Cancer Foundation. The database is updated quarterly in January, April, July, and October.
The database is available on-line (https://mitelmandatabase.isb-cgc.org) for searches related to cases cytogenetics, gene fusions, clinical associations, structural or numerical recurrent aberrations and references.
The database was last updated on July 27th, 2022, with a total number of cases=73,930, a total number of unique gene fusions=33,457 and a total number of genes involved=14,061.
See also
Atlas of Genetics and Cytogenetics in Oncology and Haematology
COSMIC cancer database
Ensembl genome database project
Entrez Gene
GenBank
Gene Wiki
HUGO Gene Nomenclature Committee
International Agency for Research on Cancer
International Classification of Diseases for Oncology
Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man
UCSC Genome Browser
References
Cancer
Oncology
Cytogenetics
El Gallego in Spanish means 'The Galician', but Cubans apply it to anyone likened to Spanish working class immigrants, hence it is often combined with given names of Cubans and quoted in literature.
References and notes
Galician diaspora
Slang
Spanish-Cuban culture
Kukawka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Wojsławice, south of Chełm, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Old Town is a village in Calderdale, West Yorkshire, England. It is situated on a hilltop above Hebden Bridge and across the Hebden valley from Heptonstall. The village falls within the Calderdale Ward of Luddendenfoot. Both Old Town and nearby Pecket Well are served by Wadsworth Parish Council. Old Town has a village green, two chapels, a pub called the Hare & Hounds (known by the locals as Lane Ends) and a post office which has a café situated within. The village has a population of about 1,070.
Famous people
Stuart Fielden, Great Britain rugby league player
References
External links
Villages in West Yorkshire
Geography of Calderdale
The Arras Open Senior Hauts de France is a men's senior (over 50) professional golf tournament on the European Senior Tour. It was held for the first time in June 2019 at Arras Golf Resort, Anzin-Saint-Aubin near Arras, France. Prize money was €200,000.
Winners
References
External links
Coverage on the European Senior Tour's official site
European Senior Tour events
Golf tournaments in France
Recurring sporting events established in 2019
2019 establishments in France
Birthdays of Freedom is a children's history book written and illustrated by Genevieve Foster. The book was originally published in two volumes, Book One being first published in 1952, Book Two in 1957. Book One was a Newbery Honor recipient in 1953.
The combined book has been given the subtitle From Early Man to July 4, 1776. Book One has the subtitle From Early Egypt to the Fall of Rome, with the additional cover text America's Heritage from the Ancient World. Book Two has the subtitle From the Fall of Rome to July 4, 1776.
Genevieve Foster is known for her horizontal history, putting a historical figure in his context. In this series she follows the inventions, discoveries, people, and events that can all be seen as significant precursors of the signing of the Declaration of Independence in 1776, the event celebrated by America's Independence Day on July 4.
References
1952 children's books
1957 children's books
American children's books
Children's history books
Newbery Honor-winning works
Udasipur is a village development committee in Kailali District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5320 living in 579 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Kailali District
Populated places in Kailali District
Seshego is a township in the Polokwane Local Municipality of the Capricorn District Municipality of the Limpopo province of the Republic of South Africa. The township lies directly northwest of the city of Polokwane.
History
Between 1972 and 1974 Seshego was the capital of the non-independent Bantustan of Lebowa, which was abolished in 1994. The township's industries produce food, beverages, tobacco, textiles, wearing apparel, leather goods, wood and wood products, fabricated metal products, machinery, and equipment. Many of Seshego's inhabitants commute to Polokwane for employment.
Zones
Seshego is divided into residential 8 zones. The Economic Freedom Fighters leader Julius Malema grew up in Zone 1 in an area called Masakaneng. The Seshego Dam is a dam on the Molautsi River/Blood River in the western side of the town.
Climate
Köppen-Geiger climate classification system classifies its climate as mild semi-arid (BSk).
Notable people
Julius Malema leader of the Economic Freedom Fighters
Tumisang Makweya- Dr Tumi an award-winning South African gospel singer and songwriter.
Raymond Shihawu - SoulaRay an award-winning South African artist and founder of BEM.
References
Populated places in the Polokwane Local Municipality
Townships in Limpopo
Niedziałowice Drugie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Rejowiec, south-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 129.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Ravenna is a butterfly genus in the family Lycaenidae. It is monotypic, containing only the species Ravenna nivea found in Sichuan and Taiwan
References
Theclini
Monotypic butterfly genera
Lycaenidae genera
Live in Japan is an live album by singer and songwriter Leon Russell. The album was recorded two live tour sessions. The first record section is a 1973 tour show at Budokan in Japan on November 8, 1973. The second recorded section is from a 1971 tour show in Sam Houston Coliseum. While the album had some of Leon's new hits, like "Tight Rope" and "A Song for You," the album did not chart in the top 200. His early live album Leon Live peaked at #9 on the U.S. charts. The album was first released as a vinyl LP by Shelter Records. Live in Japan was re-released on CD by Omnivore Recordings in 2011 and again in 2013 with bonus tracks. The album was by produced by Leon Russell, Nobuya Itoh, Peter Nicholls and Denny Cordell.
The new CD releases were after Leon recordings earned six gold records. He received two Grammy awards from seven nominations. In 2011, he was inducted into both the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and the Songwriters Hall of Fame. One of his biggest early fans, Elton John, said Russell was a "mentor" and an "inspiration". They recorded their album The Union in 2010, which earned them a Grammy nomination.
Track listing
All songs performed by Leon Russell. All tracks composed by Leon Russell except as noted below.
Tracks 1-9 Recorded live in Japan.
Tracks 10-16 Recorded live in Houston, 1971
Heaven (Patrick Henderson) - 4:56
Over the Rainbow / God Put a Rainbow (Harold Arlen / E.Y. "Yip" Harburg) - 5:39
Queen of the Roller Derby - 1:49
Roll Away the Stone (Greg Dempsey) - 4:03
Tight Rope - 2:58
Sweet Emily - 3:23
Alcatraz - 4:04
You Don't Have to Go (Jimmy Reed) - 2:34
A Song for You, Of Thee I Sing, Roll in My Sweet Baby's Arms (Lester Flatt ) - 7:10
Alcatraz - 4:49
Stranger in a Strange Land (Don Preston) - 4:51
Groupie (Superstar) (With Bonnie Bramlett) - 3:54
Roll Over Beethoven (Chuck Berry) - 3:52
Blues Power / Shoot Out on the Plantation / As the Years Go Passing By / The Woman I Love (Eric Clapton / Joe Josea / B.B. King / Deadric Malone) - 11:08
Jumpin' Jack Flash (Mick Jagger / Keith Richards) - 4:54
Of Thee I Sing, Yes I Am - 9:35
Personnel
Leon Russell Composer, Piano, Primary Artist, Quotation Author, Vocals
Delrose Allen Vocals (Background)
Greg Allen Art Direction, Design
Audrey Bilger Project Assistant
Chuck Blackwell Drums
Ambrose Campbell Congas
Carolyn Cook Vocals (Background)
Joey Cooper Guitar, Vocals (Background)
Carl Radle Bass
Nettie Davenport Vocals (Background)
Charlene Foster Vocals (Background)
Wayne Perkins Guitar, Vocals (Background)
John Gallie Organ
Rev. Patrick Henderson Piano, Vocals
Nobuya Itoh Producer
Peter Nicholls Producer
Denny Cordell Producer
Takashi Kitazawa Director
Lee Lodyga Project Assistant
Gavin Lurssen Mastering
Nikki Nieves Project Assistant
Masao Ohgiya Design
Patrick Henderson Composer, Liner Notes
Cory Hillis Project Assistant
Cheryl Pawelski Reissue Producer
Jan Persson Photography
Don Preston Composer
Bradford Rosenberger Project Assistant
Steve Todoroff Liner Notes
Steven Casper Project Assistant
Rueben Cohen Mastering
Harvey Drivian Project Assistant
Lyn Fey Editorial
Jun Miyajima Photography
Suenori Fukui Engineer, Remixing
References
External links
Leon Russell discography
Leon Russell lyrics
Leon Russell Records
Leon Russell NAMM Oral History Program Interview (2012)
1975 live albums
Leon Russell albums
Shelter Records albums
Albums produced by Leon Russell
The Andorran Basketball Federation () is the governing body of basketball in Andorra. It was founded in 1988. It organizes the internal league and runs the Andorra national basketball team and also the men's and women's national 3x3 teams.
The current president of the federation is Manuel Fernández.
Achievements
EuroBasket Division C - 1998, 2000, 2004, 2012, 2014
See also
Andorra national basketball team
External links
Andorra Basketball Federation
Profile at FIBA.basketball
An
Basketball in Andorra
Sports organizations established in 1988
1988 establishments in Andorra
Basketball
The 1987 Australian Swimming Championships were held at the Beatty Park Pool in Perth, Western Australia from Thursday 26 February to Sunday 1 March. They were organised by Australian Swimming.
Medal winners
Men's events
Legend:
Women's events
Legend:
References
Australian Swimming Championships
Australian Swimming Championships, 1987
Sport in Perth, Western Australia
Swim
A National Assembly is either a unicameral legislature, the lower house of a bicameral legislature, or both houses of a bicameral legislature together.
National Assembly may also refer to:
Currently in use
National Assembly (Afghanistan), the legislature of Afghanistan
National Assembly (Cambodia), the lower house of the Cambodian parliament
National Assembly (France), the lower house of the French parliament
National Assembly of the Gambia, the unicameral legislative body of The Gambia
National Assembly (Kenya)
National Assembly (Madagascar), the lower legislative body of Madagascar
National Assembly (Nigeria)
National Assembly (Quebec), the unicameral legislative body of Quebec
National Assembly (Senegal), the unicameral legislative body of Senegal
National Assembly of South Africa, the lower house of the Parliament of South Africa, located in Cape Town.
National Assembly (South Korea), the unicameral legislative body of South Korea
National Assembly (Venezuela), de jure legislature for Venezuela
National Assembly of Pakistan
Historically
National Assembly (French Revolution), the Assemblée Nationale existing from June 13 to July 9, 1789, formed from the Estates General
National Constituent Assembly (France), the Assemblée Nationale constituante existing from July 9, 1789, to September 30, 1791, formed from the National Assembly
(National) Legislative Assembly (France), the legislative body of the limited monarchy created by the Constitution of 1791
National Assembly (1871), a temporary French body elected on February 4, 1871, at the end of the Franco-Prussian War
National Assembly (Republic of China), a legislature that existed in various forms from 1913 to 2006, first in China and subsequently in Taiwan after the Chinese Civil War
National Assembly (Spain), a corporative chamber in Spain active from 1927 to 1929
Prussian National Assembly, a constitutional assembly of Prussia existing from November 5 to December 5, 1848
Greek National Assemblies, a series of constitutional assemblies held sporadically since 1821
Roman assemblies, various legislative bodies on ancient Rome
National Assembly of Soviets, a legislature of the brief Hungarian Soviet Republic, existing only in June, 1919
National Assembly for Wales, existing from July 1, 1999 to May 6, 2020; renamed as the Welsh Parliament or Senedd Cymru in Welsh
The United States House of Representatives election in American Samoa, which will contest American Samoa lone At-large congressional district, was held on November 2, 2010. The non-voting delegate to the United States House of Representatives is elected for two-year terms; whoever is elected will serve in the 112th Congress from January 3, 2011 until January 3, 2013.
Incumbent Eni Faleomavaega of the Democratic Party has held the seat since 1989.
Candidates
All elections in American Samoa are officially non-partisan, though candidates do identify with a particular political party. Three candidates sought election for Delegate to the U.S. House in 2010.
Incumbent Rep. Eni Faleomavaega, who identifies with the Democratic Party, is seeking re-election. He was re-elected in the 2008 House election with 60% of the vote.
Amata Coleman Radewagen, American Samoa's Republican National Committeewoman who has challenged Faleomavaega in the past, ran again for the seat.
Tuika Tuika, an accountant and former candidate for Governor of American Samoa in the 2008 gubernatorial election, is the third candidate in the election.
In early February 2010, independent Fualaau Rosie Tago Lancaster had announced that she would seek second bid to become American Samoa's delegate to the United States House. Lancaster announced that she will run on a platform promising an emphasis on Veterans issues, better communication and transportation links with the Manu'a Islands, education, healthcare and economic development. Lancaster came in third in the 2008 House election, receiving 5% of the popular vote. However, she did not appear on the general election ballot in November.
General election
Incumbent Rep. Eni Faleomavaega won election to a 12th two-year term in office, taking 6,895 ballots, or 56.3% of the total vote.
Aumua Amata, who had previously run in 2008, came in second place with 4,438 votes, or 40.5%. Aumua won several election precincts in American Samoa, running especially strong in the Manua Islands.
Tuika Tuika placed third with 357 ballots, or 3.3% of the vote.
References
2010 American Samoa elections
American Samoa
Non-partisan elections
2010
Luigi Palumbo (born 30 May 1991) is an Italian footballer who currently plays as a defender for Vis Afragolese.
Career
Youth career
Born in Aversa, Campania started his career at Arzano 99. He received a call-up to Campania Regional Junior–Student mixed () Representative Team for 2006 National "Spring" Cup (, not to be confused with Coppa Italia Primavera) Palumbo won the cup as unused member. He then left for Persicetana, a team located in San Giovanni in Persiceto, Emilia–Romagna region. He was selected to Emilia–Romagna regional Allievi team for the 2007 edition of 2007 Coppa Nazionale Primavera. Palumbo left for Parma in 2007. He was the member of the reserve in national "spring" league from 2008 to 2011 after a season with Parma's U17 team in national student league ().
Cesena
In June 2011, Palumbo was swapped with Thomas Fabbri of A.C. Cesena. Both players were signed by co-ownership deal and valued the 50% registration rights for €1 million. Both clubs had a selling profit of nearly €2 million, however the increase only in form of intangible asset (the contract value of T.Fabbri and L.Palumbo) Both players signed a 4-year contract.
L.Palumbo was loaned to Fondi for 2011–12 season, rejoining Parma team-mate Loris Formuso, Andrea Gasparri, Abel Gigli, Domenico Iovinella and Daniele Bernasconi. The loan of Palumbo was renewed for 2012–13 season. The club also signed Zsolt Tamási and Giuseppe Pacini from Parma.
On 20 June 2013 Palumbo joined Cesena outright for €1.5 million, however still part of the mega swap deal.
In July 2013 Palumbo moved to Arzanese.
On 31 January 2015 Palumbo and Felice Di Cecco were moved to Slovenian club ND Gorica in temporary deals.
Messina
On 24 August 2015 Palumbo was signed by Messina.
Footnotes
References
External links
Luigi Palumbo at TuttoCalciatori.net
Sportspeople from the Province of Caserta
1991 births
Living people
Italian footballers
Italian expatriate footballers
S.S. Racing Club Fondi players
ND Gorica players
A.C.R. Messina players
S.S.D. Correggese Calcio 1948 players
Serie C players
Serie D players
Slovenian PrvaLiga players
Association football defenders
Italian expatriate sportspeople in Slovenia
Expatriate footballers in Slovenia
Footballers from Campania
Prostitution in Guinea-Bissau is common and there are no prostitution laws. In 2016 it was estimated there were 3,138 prostitutes in the country. Often it is associated with other crimes: Many pimps are also reported to be drug dealers. Poverty leads many women to be tempted into prostitution and cocaine addiction.
Many of the prostitutes in Bissau and other towns in Guinea-Bissau are Manjako women from Caio in the Cacheu Region. They tend to be over 30 and wait in designated rooms in their houses for clients. Occasionally they will go to a local bar in search of clients. Prostitutes from Caio also travel to Ziguinchor in Senegal and Banjul in The Gambia to work.
Younger prostitutes in the cities often work in bars.
There have been reports of child sex tourism on the Bissagos Islands.
HIV
Like other countries in Sub-Saharan Africa, HIV is a problem in the country. Adult prevalence is 3.1%
Condom use amongst sex workers is irregular, which has led to an HIV prevalence amongst sex workers of 39%.
Child prostitution
Child prostitution is a problem in the country. Many children engage in prostitution for survival. The activity mainly takes place in clubs, bars and hotels. The government takes little action, relying on NGOs to try and address the problem.
Around 2000-2004 there have been reports of child sex tourism on the Bissagos Islands.
Sex trafficking
Guinea-Bissau is a source country for children subjected to sex trafficking. The extent to which adults are subjected to forced prostitution is unclear. Bissau-Guinean girls are subjected to child sex trafficking in Guinea and Senegal.
The United States Department of State Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons ranks Guinea-Bissau as a Tier 2 Watch List country.
References
Guinea-Bissau
Society of Guinea-Bissau
Guinea-Bissau
Howling Dogs is a Twine game and piece of interactive fiction created by Porpentine in 2012. The game is text-based and includes occasional abstract pixel art. In 2017, the game was included in the Whitney Biennial.
Gameplay
Howling Dogs opens with a quote from The Day He Himself Shall Wipe My Tears Away by Kenzaburo Oe and starts off in a metal room. The game makes the user repeat basic actions, such as eating, drinking, sleeping and bathing, in a repetitive cycle. As the setting deteriorates over the course of the game, the tasks become harder to perform. The user can escape their surroundings momentarily by putting on a virtual reality visor, which becomes accessible after they perform some of their basic tasks. The virtual reality allows users to escape their cell-like surroundings, and displays a bizarre alternative world and imagery, before ending and bringing the user back to the same room. The game closes with a quote from theologian John Hull.
The game's visuals consist of a black background with white text and blue hyperlinks, with occasional pixelated images shown when accessing the virtual reality visor.
Development and reception
The game was written within a week, after Porpentine began hormone therapy treatment. She wrote the game while living in her friend's barn. She has stated the game evokes a feeling of someone not being able to take care of themself when they are broke and in a bad living situation. While speaking about the game to The New York Times, she has compared dealing with trauma as similar to being in a dark room.
Writing for Gamasutra, Leigh Alexander called the game an "abstract, often surreal experience centralized on the concept of confinement". According to Mallika Rao of The Village Voice, Howling Dogs "is a commentary on trauma" and "isn't so much a video game as a genre-mash, redolent of choose-your-own-adventure books, an unwritten Black Mirror plot, a poem, a depressive spiral, a manic flight."
In 2012, Howling Dogs won two XYZZY Awards for Best Writing and Best Story. That year, it was also nominated for the categories of Best Game, Best Setting, and Best Use of Innovation.
At the Independent Games Festival in 2013, game designer Richard Hofmeier used his booth for the game Cart Life, which won that year's Grand Prize, to instead display Porptentine's Howling Dogs. He said he wanted to give greater exposure to Porpentine's game, at one point stating "It's really dear to me, this game... it's fucked with my guts in a way that nothing else has".
References
2012 video games
2010s interactive fiction
Twine games
Video games about virtual reality
Video games developed in the United States
Cronulla, an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of New South Wales, has existed from 1959 until the present.
Members for Cronulla
Election results
Elections in the 2010s
2019
2015
2011
Elections in the 2000s
2007
2003
Elections in the 1990s
1999
1995
1991
Elections in the 1980s
1988
1984
1981
Elections in the 1970s
1978
1976
1973
1971
Elections in the 1960s
1968
1965
1962
Elections in the 1950s
1959
References
New South Wales state electoral results by district
Louis DiGiaimo (1938 – December 19, 2015) was an American casting director and film producer. He was one of the casting directors of Francis Ford Coppola's The Godfather and went on to help cast multiple films each for directors William Friedkin, Barry Levinson and Ridley Scott. He also produced Mike Newell's Donnie Brasco alongside Levinson and, in 1998, he won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Casting for a Drama Series for Levinson's television series Homicide: Life on the Street.
Biography
Early life and career
DiGiaimo spent his childhood in Paterson, New Jersey. He graduated from Fairleigh Dickinson University and worked as an accountant before embarking on a career as a casting director. His big break came in 1968 when he met director Martin Ritt, who was preparing to shoot the mafia drama The Brotherhood, starring Kirk Douglas. DiGiaimo's manner in seeking out both actors and non-actors for The Brotherhood impressed Ritt, and the director hired him to work on the film. DiGiaimo went on to make his debut as a principal casting director on a far more successful mafia picture, Francis Ford Coppola's Academy Award-winning The Godfather.
In between The Brotherhood and The Godfather, DiGiaimo worked with director William Friedkin for the first time on The French Connection, though his work on the film went uncredited. He reunited with Friedkin soon thereafter, this time as a principal casting director on the renowned horror hit The Exorcist. DiGiaimo cast several more films, including the 1975 releases Breakheart Pass and Farewell, My Lovely, before reteaming with Friedkin for The Brink's Job and yet again for Cruising. He was also casting director on Brian G. Hutton's The First Deadly Sin, which features Frank Sinatra in his last starring role.
Collaborations with Barry Levinson
DiGiaimo's first collaboration with Barry Levinson was on the 1984 baseball drama The Natural, for which DiGiaimo provided additional casting services. Levinson later recruited DiGiaimo as the primary casting director of his films Tin Men, Good Morning, Vietnam, Rain Man, Jimmy Hollywood, and Sleepers. DiGiaimo also handled additional casting on Levinson's Avalon.
When Levinson was developing the drama series Homicide: Life on the Street for NBC, he brought in DiGiaimo to handle the casting. For his work on Homicide, DiGiaimo received three consecutive Primetime Emmy Award nominations for Outstanding Casting for a Drama Series, winning the award in 1998. DiGiaimo and Levinson also worked together as producers on Mike Newell's crime drama Donnie Brasco (for which DiGiaimo was also casting director) and the Levinson-directed An Everlasting Piece.
Reuniting with Friedkin, collaborations with Ridley Scott, and more
Ten years after they last worked together on Cruising, DiGiaimo and Friedkin reteamed again for the director's 1990 horror film The Guardian. DiGiaimo also returned to the Exorcist franchise that year (albeit without Friedkin) as casting director of The Exorcist III, written and directed by the original film's writer, William Peter Blatty. Friedkin enlisted DiGiaimo's services one last time for the 1994 basketball drama Blue Chips.
Ridley Scott first called upon DiGiaimo to help him cast his 1991 film Thelma & Louise. For this film, it was DiGiaimo who pushed for a then-relatively unknown Brad Pitt to be cast in the role of J.D. Pitt landed the part, and his work in the film helped jump-start his career. The success of this initial union led to DiGiaimo casting Scott's next five films: 1492: Conquest of Paradise, White Squall, G.I. Jane, the Academy Award-winning Gladiator, and Hannibal.
Other directors whose movies DiGiaimo helped cast include John Frankenheimer (52 Pick-Up), Luis Llosa (Sniper), Brian Gibson (The Juror), Sidney Lumet (Gloria), Luis Mandoki (Trapped), and Richard Donner (16 Blocks). He also produced Bob Giraldi's independent film Dinner Rush. His final film as casting director was Nick Stagliano's Good Day for It, released in 2011.
Death
A 42-year resident of Oakland, New Jersey, DiGiaimo died there on December 19, 2015, due to complications from a stroke. He was 77 years old.
Filmography
He was a producer in all films unless otherwise noted.
Film
As casting director
Casting department
Television
As casting director
References
External links
1938 births
2015 deaths
American casting directors
People from Oakland, New Jersey
People from Paterson, New Jersey
Thomas Smith II (1682-1728) of Broxtowe, Nottinghamshire and of Gaddesby in Leicestershire was a member of the Smith family of bankers, being the eldest son of Thomas Smith I (1631-1699) who in 1658 founded Smith's Bank in Nottingham.
He served as Sheriff of Leicestershire in 1717-18 and in 1717 he was granted a coat of arms (Or, a chevron cotised sable between three demi-griffins couped of the last the two in chief respecting each other) to be borne by him and by all male descendants of his father.
He married Mary Manley, a daughter of Thomas Manley of Thorney Hills, Staffordshire, but left no male issue, only 5 daughters. The family banking business was carried on and expanded by his two younger brothers Abel Smith I (1686-1756) of East Stoke, Nottinghamshire and Samuel Smith (1688-1751) of London.
References
1728 deaths
High Sheriffs of Leicestershire
1682 births
Buddleja cardenasii is a species endemic only to the region of Cochabamba in Bolivia at an altitude of around 3,000 m. The species was first described and named by Standley in 1935.
Description
Buddleja cardenasii is a dioecious shrub 3–4 m high, with branches which are subquadrangular and tomentose. The subcoriaceous leaves are elliptic, lanceolate or ovate, 10–12 cm long by 8 cm wide, with a glabrescent and rugose upper surface. The orange inflorescences are paniculate 7–25 cm long by 7–20 cm wide, comprising cymes each with 6–9 flowers; the corollas are 3–3.5 mm long.
The species is very similar to B. soratae; further research may well prove them conspecific.
Cultivation
The shrub is not known to be in cultivation.
References
cardenasii
Flora of Bolivia
Flora of South America
was a Japanese samurai of the Azuchi-Momoyama period who served the Toyotomi clan. He was executed in 1600 for stealing a valuable tea bowl from the late Toyotomi Hideyoshi's storehouse.
Samurai
1600 deaths
1541 births
EuroShop is a trade fair for capital goods for the retail industry which has taken place since 1966. Held every three years on the grounds of Messe Düsseldorf, the initiator of the fair is the EHI Retail Institute.
Messe Düsseldorf GmbH performs the dual role of the event organiser and host venue, and editions are spaced out every three years. Both trade visitors and the general public are admitted from 09:00 am until 18:00 pm.
Whereas from 2002 to 2014 the fair's overall offerings were divided into the four areas of EuroSales, EuroConcept, EuroCIS, and EuroExpo, EuroShop's new format presents seven different dimensions of retail trade.
Areas
Point of presence (POP) or point of sale (POS) Marketing (signage, displays, outdoor communication)
Expo & Event Marketing (stand construction and equipment, brand communication, communication design, event technology)
Retail Technology (retail software, POS technology, mobile, e-commerce, payment systems)
Lighting (systems, design, technology)
Visual Merchandising (display mannequins, store and window decorations)
Shop Fitting & Store Design (fixtures and equipment, architecture, store planning, materials and surfaces)
Food Tech & Energy management (refrigeration, building automation, cooking and baking)
Supporting programme
The EuroCIS Forum, in which developments, innovations and trends in the area of retail technology are presented on the basis of current case studies.
The Omnichannel Forum, which deals with questions of success strategies, challenges and possibilities for new technologies related to digital and classical distribution channels.
The ECOpark and ECO Forum, an area especially dedicated to energy-efficient retail trade.
The Architecture & Design Forum, a presentation area for all topics relating to store design, architecture, lighting, fittings and visual merchandising.
The POPAI Forum on the subject of POS marketing.
The Expo + Event Forum, a programme of presentations, best-case studies, and discussions curated by industry experts.
Awards
Six different awards are to be given in the framework of EuroShop 2017. These include the EuroShop RetailDesign Award for the best shops with the most successful concepts, as well as the Scientific Prize of the EHI-Stiftung and GS1 Germany, which honours outstanding academic works (bachelor's, master's, doctoral theses) and is accompanied by prize money totalling 38,000 euro.
International activities
In 2015, EuroShop established its first international offshoot with C-star – Shanghai's International Trade Fair for Solutions and Trends all about Retail. The aim of its founding was to give interested EuroShop exhibitors a forum in which to present their products and services in the Asian region. In May 2016, 180 companies from 18 countries exhibited at C-star. The fair welcomed 7,600 trade visitors from 77 nations. C-star is held annually.
History
EuroShop debuted from 11 to 15 June 1966 on the old exhibition grounds in the Ehrenhof. A total of 331 exhibitors from 55 countries took advantage of the new platform to present their products. Some 29,000 trade visitors who attended primarily sought information on shop fitting, the dominant subject of the initial events. The fair was held in conjunction with a congress for ‘modern shops and display windows'. EuroShop was founded in response to fundamental changes in retail trade. From the mid-1960s, self-service concepts became increasingly prevalent, especially in the food retail industry. Simultaneously, the first discount supermarkets, introducing new retail concepts, emerged as competitors to the traditionally brand-oriented supermarkets. To heighten their own profile, merchants were increasingly compelled to turn to new measures, especially in the area of shop fitting.
Until 1972, EuroShop took place every two years. Because innovation in the area of shop fitting occurred in medium-term cycles, the fair was held at three-year intervals beginning in 1975. The EuroShop portfolio simultaneously underwent a transformation. Through the 1990s, further offerings emerged that were of growing importance for retail companies. These included, among other things, promotional design, lighting design, and exhibition stand construction. Rapid developments in the information technology sector brought new offerings in such areas as IT, enterprise resource planning (ERP) and control systems, merchandise security and supply chain management, the lifecycles of which were significantly shorter than those of the fair's traditional offerings. EuroShop responded by creating the annual Retail Technology Forum, which in every third year was held as part of EuroShop. In 2002, EuroShop was fundamentally restructured in order to preserve the clarity of the ever-expanding exhibition offerings for fair visitors. The fair was divided into four overall areas:
EuroConcept (shop fitting, store design, lighting, refrigeration equipment, building technology)
EuroSales (visual merchandising, POS marketing, promotional design)
EuroExpo (architecture, design, events)
EuroCIS (IT and security technology)
The newly created EuroCIS replaced the Retail Technology Forum. With its overhauled structure, EuroShop has grown steadily. In 2014, 2,229 companies and organisations presented their products and services in 120,603 m² of exhibition space, with 109,496 visitors from 100 countries underscoring the fair's international importance.
Logo
EuroShop began as a fair for shop fitting and window displays. This can be seen in its first logo, which took the form of a stylised shop and display window. In the mid-1970s, the old logo was replaced by the bi-coloured EuroShop star, which remains the fair's trademark. The logo is derived from the sigma sign of the cash till.
Facts and figures
This trade fair is not to be confused with the Hamburg-based company Deutsche EuroShop AG (DES) or the discounter Schum EuroShop.
External links
Article in m + a expodatabase
Entry of the fair on the platform toFairs.com
Article in the ERP Retail News
Entry of the fair in the Exhibitor database
Trade fairs in Germany
Maryfield can refer to:
Places
Rural Municipality of Maryfield No. 91, Saskatchewan
Maryfield, Saskatchewan; village in Saskatchewan
Maryfield, Cornwall; hamlet in Cornwall, England
Maryfield, Belfast, location of the Maryfield Secretariat under the Anglo-Irish Agreement (1985–98)
Other
Maryfield (horse), racehorse
Maryfield Hospital; a former hospital in Dundee, Scotland
Similar spelling
Mary Field (1909–96) American film actress
Ferdinand I Gonzaga (26 April 1587 – 29 October 1626) was Duke of Mantua and Duke of Montferrat from 1612 until his death.
Biography
Born in Mantua, he was the son of Vincenzo I and Eleonora de' Medici.
He was appointed a cardinal at the age of 20. A few years after his elder brother, Duke Francesco IV, died in 1612 without male heirs, he renounced the ecclesiastical career and succeeded his brother in both the Duchy of Mantua and the Duchy of Montferrat.
In 1616 he secretly married Camilla Faà di Bruno, whom he divorced in the same year. Their son Francesco Giacinto Teodoro Giovanni Gonzaga, although accepted at court, was not made Ferdinando's heir. He died of the plague during the 1630 siege of Mantua. On 16 February 1617 he married Catherine de' Medici (1593–1629), the daughter of Ferdinand I, Grand Duke of Tuscany.
Ferdinand Gonzaga died in 1626. His younger brother Vincenzo II inherited the duchy.
Family
In 1616 he married Camilla Faà di Bruno, they had:
Francesco Giacinto Gonzaga (4 December 1616 – 1630), Lord of Bianzè since 1624, benefited Priest of St. Benedict Polirone.
Honours
Grand Master of the Order of the Redeemer
Knight of Order of Malta
References
Sources
Ancestry
|-
|-
1587 births
1626 deaths
Ferdinando 1
Ferdinando 1
Ferdinando 1
17th-century Italian cardinals
17th-century Italian nobility
Burials at the Palatine Basilica of Santa Barbara (Mantua)
VOEA Neiafu (P201) was a Pacific Forum patrol vessel operated by Tonga since 1989. It was decommissioned in 2020.
Background
When the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea extended maritimes nations' exclusive economic zone (EEZ) to , Australia designed and built 22 patrol vessels for 12 of its fellow members of the Pacific Forum. Australia provided the patrol vessels free of charge, and helped build port facilities and provide training. This allowed its neighbours to exercise sovereignty over their EEZ, intercept smugglers, poaching fishers, and provide emergency services.
Australia will replace Neiafu and her two sister ships with two slightly larger and more capable vessels between 2019 and 2020.
Design
The vessels displace 162 tonnes, and are built using commercial off-the-shelf (COTS) equipment, instead of more expensive, high-performance, military-grade equipment, to ease the maintenance burden, since local maintenance will be performed in small, isolated shipyards.
Operational history
In 2009, after 20 years of service, Neiafu returned to Australia for a major refit.
In 2015 Neiafu traveled to Vanuatu to provide aid following a typhoon.
In 2016 Neiafu participated in a joint exercise with vessels of other nations.
Neiafu completed another Australian refit in 2017.
References
Neiafu
Pacific Forum class patrol vessels
1989 ships
Galleria Ca' d'Oro is an international contemporary art gallery curated and organized by Gloria Porcella. The gallery was founded in Rome by Antonio Porcella in 1970, and currently has three locations in Rome, Miami, and New York City.
Galleria Ca' d'Oro is the culmination of four generations of Italian writers, artists, and curators. The legacy began with Alpinolo Porcella, a writer, artist, and close friend of Filippo de Pisis and Giorgio de Chirico. Alpinolo's son, Amadore Porcella, continued the family's tradition as an art critic and principal writer for L'Osservatore Romano. Amadore founded Galleria San Bernardo in Piazza San Bernardo in 1945, and in 1970, his son Antonio opened Galleria Ca' d'Oro. The gallery originally opened on Via Condotti, then moved to the Piazza di Spagna. The gallery is currently located on Via Del Babuino.
In 1982, Antonio collaborated with painter and printmaker Renzo Vespignani at The Collaboration of ACTAS-Platea Estate at Castel Sant'Angelo. In 1983, Antonio helped to curate the "Spes Contra Spem" show by painter Renato Guttuso. Antonio was also the director of figurative art for the Platea Estate 1983 and collaborated with Italian sculptor Emilio Greco. In 1986, Galleria Ca' d'Oro presented the sculptures of Salvador Dalí in Paris at FIAC. In 1990, the Porcella family launched La Fondazione Giorgio e Isa de Chirico. Antonio's daughter, Gloria brought Galleria Ca' d'Oro to Miami in 2010, and to New York City in 2014.
Today, Galleria Ca' D'Oro is curated by Antonio's daughter, Gloria Porcella, who was raised in Rome and studied at San Diego State University. The gallery currently represents artists John Seward Johnson II, Alfredo Rapetti Mogol (aka Cheope), Ewa Bathelier, Erika Calesini, the Cracking Art Group and Blue and Joy.
References
Art museums and galleries in Rome
Contemporary art galleries in Italy
Edwina Grima (born November 1969) is a Maltese judge.
See also
Judiciary of Malta
References
Living people
21st-century Maltese judges
Maltese women
1969 births
21st-century women judges
The Medical City Clark is a tertiary care hospital at the Clark Global City in Mabalacat, Pampanga, Philippines. It is a hospital under The Medical City (TMC) which maintains a network of hospitals and clinics which are mostly based in the Philippines.
History
The groundbreaking ceremony for The Medical City Clark, which was attended by Philippine President Benigno Aquino III, took place on December 7, 2010. It was projected to be the second hospital in the Clark area and is intended by The Medical City (TMC) group to be their flagship hospital for the Central and Northern Luzon regions. The hospital opened in January 2015.
The hospital was designated as the official healthcare facility for the 2019 Southeast Asian Games which was hosted by the Philippines.
Facilities
TMC Clark is a 150-bed facility which has basic general hospital facilities such as a laboratory and a radiology department. It also has specialty centers such as the Cardiovascular Center, Breast Center, Center for Occupational Health, Center for Kidney Health and Transplantation as of 2020. It also has cancer-specific facilities namely the Chemotherapy Infusion Unit and Genomics and Molecular Support unit, only lacking a Nuclear Medicine unit and a Linear Accelerator as of early 2020 which is required for a full-fledged Cancer Center.
References
Buildings and structures in Mabalacat
Clark Freeport Zone
Hospitals in the Philippines
San Baltazar may refer to:
Language
San Baltázar Loxicha Zapotec, a Zapotec language spoken in southern Oaxaca
Places
Mexico
San Baltazar Chichicapam, Oaxaca
San Baltazar Loxicha, Oaxaca
San Baltazar Yatzachi el Bajo, Oaxaca
See also
San Baltasar
A list of synagogues in Azerbaijan:
Baku
Quba
Oğuz
References
Synagogues
Azerbaijan
Andrea Mead Canning (born December 10, 1972) is a Canadian-American journalist and writer. She was named a Dateline NBC correspondent in October 2012 and contributes to other NBC News platforms such as Today, NBC Nightly News and MSNBC. She also is a fill-in anchor and news anchor on Today and Weekend Today.
In addition to working as journalist, Canning is a writer for Hallmark Channel and Lifetime movies.
Early life and education
Canning was born in Blue Mountain, Ontario and grew up in Collingwood, Ontario. Canning graduated from the University of Western Ontario with a degree in psychology in 1994. She also studied radio and television arts at Ryerson Polytechnic University.
Career
Her earlier assignments included work for WCPO-TV in Cincinnati as a reporter and co-anchor of the evening newscast. From 1999 to 2001 Canning worked for WPTV-TV in West Palm Beach, Florida and from 1997 to 1999 was a reporter and anchor for CKVR-TV in Barrie, Ontario. She was also the morning anchor for WXVT-CBS in Greenville, Mississippi. Prior to CKVR, from 1996 to 1997, Canning was an assignment editor for the tabloid TV show Extra. While living in Los Angeles she was also an intern for Baywatch and shared a house with future media personality and host Ryan Seacrest.
She was a correspondent for ABC News from 2004 until April 2012, where she covered the White House, Congress, the Supreme Court and the Iraq War for ABC's affiliate NewsOne. While at ABC News, Canning covered a wide array of stories ranging from crime stories and notable trials to the devastation of Hurricane Katrina and the Casey Anthony case. Her public profile was elevated considerably after she interviewed Charlie Sheen for 20/20 on February 28, 2011. The interview was subsequently used as the basis for a viral video that received more than 10 million views during its first 9 days on YouTube.
During her time at ABC News, Canning contributed to "Good Morning America," "Nightline," "World News With Diane Sawyer" and "20/20," while regularly anchoring the early morning broadcasts, "World News Now" and "America This Morning." Canning also served as an alternate newsreader for "Good Morning America".
Canning joined NBC News in October 2012, as a correspondent for Dateline while contributing to other NBC News platforms.
Canning has appeared in the role of a news anchor in the popular series on Ruby Herring Mystery movies beginning in 2019.
Personal life
Canning is married to Lt. Col Tony Bancroft, USMCR, an F/A-18 instructor pilot. They have five daughters and one son: Anna, Charlotte "Charlie," Christina "Kiki," Georgia, Elle and George Anthony Bancroft III.
She is a member of Alpha Gamma Delta, and was presented with their Talent of Leadership award in 2015 and their Distinguished Citizens Award in 2018.
References
External link
American television reporters and correspondents
Canadian expatriate journalists in the United States
ABC News personalities
NBC News people
Toronto Metropolitan University alumni
University of Western Ontario alumni
People from Collingwood, Ontario
Living people
1972 births
Canadian women television journalists
Hilde Teerlinck (born 1966 in Bruges, Belgium) is a Belgian curator, and General Director of the Han Nefkens Foundation - Barcelona.
Hilde Teerlinck was artistic director of the Barcelona Pavilion where she invited artists such as Jeff Wall, Panamarenko, and Dominique Gonzalez-Foerster to create site-specific works for this landmark building.
After a short stay in Perpignan, she went on to become the director of CRAC Alsace, Centre rhénan d'art contemporain in Altkirch in 2002, where she developed a project aiming at opening this institution in the French countryside near Basel to a wider audience. This enabled her to present the work of artists including On Kawara, Rineke Dijkstra, Doug Aitken, Cindy Sherman and Franz West, as well as younger artists, such as Sven t'Jolle, Andro Wekua, and Harmony Korine. At the same time she remained active as an art-critic and a free-lance curator.
Teerlinck has been the director of the Fonds Regional d'Art Contemporain Nord-Pas de Calais (FRAC) in Dunkirk since 2006 . The FRAC Nord-Pas de Calais is a public collection of international contemporary art, containing works of minimal and conceptual art by Bruce Nauman, Dan Flavin, Donald Judd) and Arte Povera, as well as contemporary artists including Rirkrit Tiravanija, Pierre Huyghe, Philippe Parreno, Maurizio Cattelan, Martin Creed and John M. Armleder.
Teerlinck is an executive member of the Board of ArtAids. Together with Han Nefkens, Teerlinck initiated this non-profit foundation in 2004. She was closely involved in Leo Copers' project for the UNAIDS building in 2006, and organized shows in Barcelona, Lille, Dakar, Vigo, Chiang Mai and Bangkok inviting international artists to create site-specific installations (Danh Vo, Elmgreen & Dragset, Deimantas Narkevicius, Jorge & Lucy Orta, David Goldblatt, Rirkrit Tiravanija, Christodolous Panayiotou, Otto Berchem).
In 2015, along with Lorenzo Benedetti, Phillip Van Den Boscche, and Patrick Ronse, she co-curated Beyond Borders, the 5th Beaufort Triennial.
Since 2017, Teerlinck has been the CEO- General Director of the Han Nefkens Foundation, a private non-profit organization established in Barcelona by Dutch writer and patron, Han Nefkens. The Foundation aims to promote art and the artistic process and in turn, connect people through art. It focuses solely on video production and the distribution of the work of international artists worldwide. The Foundation has developed a broad contact network of professionals and art institutions, working together with the Fundació Joan Miró, Fundació Antoni Tàpies, Bangkok Art and Culture Centre (BACC), Buk Seoul Museum of Art (SeMA), NTU Centre for Contemporary Art Singapore, Wiels Brussels, and Contemporary Art Center of Quito (CAC), amongst others. Teerlinck recently curated the exhibition Giving Voices with recent works by Erkan Özgen at the Antoni Tapies Foundation Barcelona and In Search of Global Poetry for the Xiangning Art Museum in Shenzhen, China and the CAC Quito, Ecuador.
Hilde Teerlinck is also member of the board of the Stedelijk Museum voor Actuele Kunst (SMAK) (Ghent, Belgium) and TRACK (a citywide event taking place in Ghent in 2012).
Bibliography
Hilde Teerlinck, Patrick Ronse, Paradise. Gids, MER - Borgerhoff & Lamberigts, 2021.
Hilde Teerlinck, Patrick Ronse, Play: A Tribute to the Homo Ludens, MER - Borgerhoff & Lamberigts, 2018.
Hilde Teerlinck, Vincent Pecoil, Michele Robecchi, What... Now, CRAC Alsace, 2006.
Hilde Teerlinck, Stijn Huijts, Robert Fleco, Contemporary Art in the Periphery, CRAC Alsace, 2006.
Hilde Teerlinck, Jian Qin, Le Printemps de Chine, CRAC Alsace, 2005.
Hilde Teerlinck, Hilde van Gelder, The Suspended Moment, CRAC Alsace, 2005.
Hilde Teerlinck, Mirjam Varadinis, Sandra Cattini, Han Nefkens, Cécile Dazord, It is a Small World, CRAC Alsace, 2004.
References
External links
CRAC Alsace
FRAC Nord-Pas de Calais
HISK
Beaufort Beyond Borders
https://www.hnfoundation.com/
:fr:Hilde Teerlinck
1966 births
Living people
People from Bruges
Belgian art curators
Women curators
Prospect Hill is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Kirkland, west of Clinton.
References
Mountains of Oneida County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
This is a list of defunct airlines of Iraq.
See also
List of airlines of Iraq
References
Iraq
Airlines
Airlines, defunct
Kaidu (b. 1025 – d. 1100; Middle Mongol: ; , ) was a Mongol ruler of the Borjigin Clan who was the great-great-grandson of Bodonchar Munkhag (c. 850 – 900). Kaidu's great-grandson was Khabul Khan (died 1149), and Khabul Khan's great-grandson was Genghis Khan (1162–1227), and Kaidu's other great-grandson Khadjuli (died 12th-Century), and Khadjuli Barlas great-great-great-great-great-great-grandson Timur Barlas (1330s–1405), his son Bashinkhor Dogshin succeeded him.
Life
Kaidu is mentioned in the Secret History of the Mongols, the History of Yuan shi, and the Jami al-Tawarikh. He was born circa. 1025 as the youngest of the eight sons of Queen Monolun, the widowed wife of Khachi Khulug, son of Menen Dutum. At this time the Liao Dynasty (907-1125) of the Mongolic Khitan had control over Mongolia, although the northernmost regions were difficult to keep under control. In the 1050s, the Khitans of the Liao Dynasty attacked the Jalair, a Darligin Mongol tribe living at the Kerulen River in the far-eastern region of Mongolia. The Jalair fled to the Borjigin Mongols led by Queen Monolun (Nomulun in the Secret History), the mother of Khaidu. They killed Monolun and all her sons except Kaidu who was hidden by his uncle Nachin. Khaidu later conquered the Jalair and made them his subjects.
Rashid Al-Din says in the Jami Al-Tawarikh:
References
Further reading
Groisset, René. "The empire of steppes"
11th-century Mongolian people
Borjigin
1020s births
1100 deaths
Year of birth uncertain
Perrin's beaked whale (Mesoplodon perrini) is part of the toothed whale suborder and is one of over 90 known cetaceans in existence today. Beaked whales are part of the family Ziphiidae, which are the second most diverse group out of all marine mammals with over 20 species currently recognized. Although diverse, little is understood about these timid, deep divers that can dive for up to two hours. The whales are partially named after their beak shaped jaw, which extends from their small head. The genus name Mesoplodon comes from the Greek meanings of meso- (middle), - hopla (arms), - odon (teeth), and may be translated as 'armed with a tooth in the center of the jaw'.
Perrin's beaked whale was described as a new species in 2002 by Dalebout et al. based on five animals stranding on the coast of California between 1975 and 1997, which were initially identified as other species. The common and specific names of Mesopledon perrini are a tribute to cetologist William F. Perrin. As of May 2019, only six specimens have ever been examined. The first two specimens were found stranded on the California coast in May 1975, other specimens were found in 1978, 1979, September 1997 (a strong El Niño year), and October 2013. The first four individuals were initially identified as Hector's beaked whales (Mesoplodon hectori), but the mtDNA sequence database of beaked whales revealed the specimens were genetically distinct. The fifth was assumed to be a neonate Cuvier's beaked whale (Ziphius cavirostris).
Description
Perrin's beaked whales are closely related to pygmy beaked whales and likely represent pygmy beaked whales' Northern Hemisphere sister species. Perrin's beaked whales have not definitively been recorded alive by scientists; however, its appearance is known from beached specimens. Perrin's beaked whales cannot be identified with absolute certainty at sea. However, the combination of small size, appearance, and a small presumed geographical range makes uncertainty unlikely. Stranded specimens can be identified as this species by either DNA sequence data and/or anatomical details of the skull.
Morphology
The morphology of the Perrin's beaked whale Mesoplodon perrini resembles the Hector's beaked whale M. hectori. Morphological characteristics that set these two species apart include minor differences in the cranium, teeth, and mandible. External appearances of Perrin's beaked whales are typical of Mesoplodon beaked whales, with a relatively small head, long thorax and abdomen, deep peduncle, and short tail. Only the original five beached specimens have been accurately measured. From nose to tail, the adult female was approximately 4.4 meters (~14.5 feet), while the adult male was 3.9 meters (~13 feet). The other three specimens were juvenile males, which measured between 2.1-2.4 meters (~7-7.5 ft).
The rostrum of Perrin's beaked whales are relatively short compared to all other species in the genus, except for M. hectori and M. peruvianus. The rostrum of calves appears to be shorter and stubbier than adults. The teeth are fairly large and towards the tip of the mouth. The blowhole is broad and crescent-shaped, with the tips pointing anteriorly (toward the front/head; see blowhole image). The melon forms a small bulge, the mouthline is straight, and throat grooves are present.
Adult males are dark gray dorsally (on back) grading to white ventrally (on stomach). The ventral side of the tail flukes are light gray with converging striations and a white patch around the umbilicus (navel). The coloration of females is not known, since the only specimen was moderately decomposed. Calves are light to dark gray dorsally and white ventrally. The lower jaw and throat regions are white.
A dark gray region extends from the corner of the mouth and encompasses the eye and the rostrum, forming an extended mask. The flippers are medium to dark gray dorsally and white ventrally. There is a lighter-colored patch on the anterodistal portion. The flukes are dark gray dorsally and medium to light gray ventrally. The ventral surface includes a pattern of white striations that converge posteromedially.
A photograph of a possible living specimen - one of the two observed in 1976 - is featured in Rice (1978: 95) as "Mesoplodon carlhubbsi", a distinctly larger species also native to the waters off California. Recordings of the animals' vocalizations were also gained during this opportunity.
In Perrin's beaked whale, the teeth are located near the tip of the lower jaw and are roughly equilateral triangles when viewed laterally (from the side) in the jaw, which resembles the font teeth of Baird's beaked whale (Berardius bairdii) more than other Mesoplodon species. Like other mesoplodont whales, male M. perrini have a set of tusk-like teeth that originate from the lower jaw (see image). These tusks are not present in females. A series of long, white scars along the flank of the adult male specimen brought to the conclusion that tusks may play a role in intrasexual competition. The tusks may also help these whales distinguish individuals belonging to their species from those of similar, sympatric species.
Most of the characteristics that set M. perrini apart from related species are molecular. Substantial differences in mtDNA and cytochrome b form the basis for its diagnosis as a new species. Morphological similarities suggested that the closest relative of M. perrini was M. hectori. However, based on the molecular characters, Dalebout et al. concluded that its true sister species is M. peruvianus. This conclusion was later supported by analysis of nuclear actin sequences by Dalebout et al. (2004).
Distribution and status
Currently (2019), Perrin's beaked whales have only been found near North Pacific waters off the coast of central and southern California. Stranded Perrin's beaked whales have been found along the Californian coast between Torrey Pines State Reserve, just north of San Diego (32°55'N, 117°15'W) and Fisherman's Wharf, Monterey (36°37'N, 121°55'W). It is believed these whales inhabit the offshore waters of the Pacific coast of North America (and possibly elsewhere in the North Pacific) in waters 1,000 meters deep or more. However, the northern and southern limits of its range are entirely unknown. There is no current information on the home range and migratory behaviors of these whales, although biogeography of beaked whales suggests it does not reach the Equator.
Even though current data suggest an eastern North Pacific distribution, there are too few records to date to draw any conclusions on this. Cookie-cutter shark scars on a calf found in Monterey could be evidence of migratory behavior, because in surface waters cookie-cutter sharks Isistius spp. are limited in their northern distribution, but the occurrence of such scars on cetaceans is not. This suggests either these cetaceans are migratory and pass through the territory of Isistius spp., or the distribution of Isistius spp. extends farther north in deeper waters and attack cetaceans when they dive. The habitat preferences of other beaked whales suggest M. perrini can primarily be found in oceanic waters that are over 1,000 m in depth.
Ecology and behavior
Beaked whales are timid, deep divers who can dive for up to 2 hours, so little is known about the behavior and ecology of Perrin's beaked whales because they are rarely seen. Again, Perrin's beaked whales have not definitely been recorded alive by scientists, so the limited information known about the species is derived from dead individuals that are beached. Some information is assumed based on the shared adaptations and behaviors of the species within the genus Mesoplodon.
Diet
Based on the stomach contents of stranded whales, these whales primarily feed on pelagic squid, such as Octopoteuthis deletron; found within the remains of the female's stomach. Some unidentified vertebrate parts were also present. Assuming Perrin's beaked whales share the same diet as other beaked whales, they likely consume octopus and fish as well.
Reproduction
Little is known about the social structure, reproduction, age of sexual maturity, or lifespan of the Perrin's beaked whales, but scars on the bodies of males suggest aggressive competitive behavior. The two adult type specimens were both sexually mature and an analysis of the teeth indicated they were both about 9 years old. For this reason, it can be assumed that males reach sexual maturity around this age or sooner.
The males of this species seem to engage in fights like most other mesoplodonts. Scars from fighting are present on this species, although the precise mechanism of combat is enigmatic: given the teeth's position near the lower jaw tips, it can be expected that the scars consist of two parallel lines. However, it is noted that the scars on the adult male appear to have been made with a single tooth, rather than with two teeth simultaneously, as might be expected in species with apical teeth. Single scar lines could suggest they were created by glancing blows rather than direct attacks.
Development
The largest Perrin's beaked whale calf, LACM 088901, at 2.45 m of length, appeared to be independent from its mother. The smallest specimen, USNM 504259, at 2.1 m of length, had a fringed tongue which indicated it was still suckling. Teeth were not present in the immature specimen [verification needed], but are not needed for feeding. The dates when the specimens were found suggest the young start to feed independently in summer. Considering most whales suckle until around age one; this suggests the young are born during the summer half of the year. Since all calves were similar in size, the calves were all estimated to be approximately one year old.
Social/echolocation
Perrin beaked whales are thought to produce a species-specific frequency modulated (FM) echolocation pulse of BW43. Within a passive acoustics study, signals of BW43 were only detected in southern California at deep sites (1100–1300 m) and are thought to be produced by Perrin's beaked whale, known only from Californian waters.
Population Status
Data suggests a significant decline in abundance for Mesoplodon spp. in the California Current between 1996 and 2001. Declines are hypothesized to have occurred from the effects of incidental mortality from fishing, impacts of anthropogenic noise (Navy sonar), and ecosystem changes. Since then, the population size of Mesoplodon beaked whales has increased from a mean of 1230 in 2001 to 3439 in 2014 within California Current waters off the U.S. West Coast.
Threats
Perrin's beaked whales are threatened by attacks from sharks such as the cookiecutter shark (Isistius brasiliensis). As with their relatives, cookiecutter sharks attack this whale with attempts at biting off chunks of flesh. Such attacks are generally not life-threatening to the whale. It is a host of the thoracican barnacle Conchoderma auritum, and for one or several species of parasitic Phyllobothrium cestodes (possibly Phyllobothrium delphini), this species is either a primary or a dead-end host.
These whales are vulnerable to naval sonar and seismic activity. Currently, there are no whaling threats for this species. Although Mesoplodon whales were never harvested commercially, there have been reports of them being taken by humans from time to time. Bycatch is likely one of the main threats to this deep-water species due to it causing harm or death to whales entangled in fishing gear. According to the IUCN, this species has the potential to become caught in certain types of fishing gear, such as deepwater gill nets, used for capturing large pelagic fish species. Plastic is also seen as a threat to Perrin's beaked whales because it has been found within the stomach contents of stranded individuals.
Specimen
USNM 504259 - May 22, 1975; 33°15′N 117°26′W - the smallest specimen (4.1 m long), immature male
USNM504260 - May 28, 1975; 33°16′N 117°26′W - adult female, probably the mother of USNM 504259 (Dalebout et al. 2002)
USNM504853 - September 9, 1978; 33°07′N 117°20′W - adult male, the holotype
LACM 088901 JRH 052 - December 27, 1979; 32°55′N 117°15′W - immature male
LACM 096355 TMMC-C75 - September 18, 1997; 36°37′N 121°55′W - immature male
LACM 097501 DSJ 2348 - October 15, 2013; 33°58′N 118°27′W - mature female
Possible sightings may have also 1976 possible sightings took place on July 30, 1976 and September 9, 1978, which was the same day the holotype specimen was discovered (Mead 1981). Altogether, there is a marked concentration of sightings between May and September. It is unknown if this has any significance. With scant data at hand, it still appears the best odds of encountering small beaked whales of this species is during the summer months in the area between Santa Catalina and San Clemente Islands and the mainland.
The causes of death of two Perrins beaked whales can be tentatively inferred. The specimen found in 1997, was starving at the time of death, possibly following a parasite infection (Dalebout et al. 2002). The female found in 1975 had died around May 14 (Mead 1981), and its juvenile was found on May 22. Since the calf was not fully weaned, its death is likely a direct consequence of the loss of its mother.
See also
List of cetaceans
CMS
Whale & Dolphin Conservation Society (WDCS)
https://www.whalefacts.org/perrins-beaked-whale-facts/
https://marinebio.org/species/perrins-beaked-whales/mesoplodon-perrini/
https://animaldiversity.org/accounts/Mesoplodon_perrini/
References
(1990): Whales and dolphins of New Zealand and Australia: An identification guide. Victoria University Press, Wellington.
(1995): Whales, dolphins and porpoises. HarperCollins, London.
(1989): Beaked whales of the genus Mesoplodon. In: : Handbook of marine mammals Vol.4: 349-430. Academic Press, London.
(1994): Dolphins, porpoises and whales: 1994-98 Action plan for the conservation of cetaceans. IUCN, Gland, Switzerland.
(1978): Beaked whales. In: : Marine mammals of the eastern North Pacific and Arctic waters: 88-95. Pacific Search Press, Seattle.
Footnotes
Mesoplodont whales
Mammals described in 2002
The Commodity Supplemental Food Program (CSFP) provides supplementary United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) food packages to the low-income elderly of at least 60 years of age. It is one of the fifteen federally-funded nutrition assistance programs of the Food and Nutrition Service (FNS), a USDA agency. The CSFP currently serves about 600,000 low‐income people every month.
CSFP formerly served low-income pregnant and breastfeeding women and children, until February 6, 2014, when the responsibility to supplement their diets was shifted to the WIC: Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants and Children.
History
CSFP began in 1969, and originally aimed at providing foods to pregnant or postpartum women, infants, and children up to age six. And as every Farm Bill passed, the program evolved. In 1973, the program was officially authorized and funded with the Agriculture and Consumer Protection Act, and with the 1977 Farm Bill, its current name was set.
Eight years later, with the Food Security Act of 1985, the program expanded to include elderly participation, albeit at a lower priority than the original ones. However, in the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008, the priority status given women, infants, and children before the elderly in program participation is removed and food packages are distributed equally.
With the Agricultural Act of 2014, the Commodity Supplemental Food Program stopped serving women and receiving new eligible children, focusing only on serving to the seniors. And as of February 2016, the remaining women and children have been completely phased out of the program
Eligibility
In order to be eligible for CSFP as of 2016, certain requirements need to be met:
Territory: The program is available in every state; the district of Columbia as well as the Red Lake and Pine Ridge Indian Reservations.
Age: Individuals interested in joining must be at least 60 years old.
Income limits: Elderly candidates' incomes are measured under 130% of the Federal Poverty Income Guidelines, while remaining children's household incomes (under six years old) are evaluated under 185%:
Food packages
CSFP food monthly distribution rates for 2016 include:
Cereals, dry ready-to-eat; farina; rolled oats; potatoes; pasta
Fruits and vegetables: beans, carrots, peas,
Proteins: beef stew, chilli, chicken, salmon
Milk, peanut butter and cheese.
According to Policy Memorandum FD-079, redistribution of CSFP food packages is not permitted.
Funding
CSFP funding is currently set by USDA at $74.53 per participant slot every year, as a system based on caseload allocation. It then provides food and administrative funds to the states, which are used for the storage, delivery & distribution of food packages.
As a discretionary program, CSFP can only serve as many eligible participants as funding per state allows. This may drastically vary, since some states count with the support of non-profit local distribution agencies, and Feeding America food banks are only available in 22 states.
Federal funding is reauthorized through the Farm Bill every 5 years. In 2016, the total of administrative funds amounted to $45,854,335, with a total caseload of 619,000 participants.
See also
Food and Nutrition Service
United States Department of Agriculture
Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants and Children
References
United States Department of Agriculture programs
Wickham Common is a village in the civil parish of Wickham in the City of Winchester district of Hampshire, England. Its nearest town is Fareham, which lies approximately 3.1 miles (5 km) south from the village. It is in the civil parish of Boarhunt
Villages in Hampshire
The 12th BRDC International Trophy was a motor race, run to Formula One rules, held on 14 May 1960 at the Silverstone Circuit, England. The race was run over 50 laps of the Silverstone Grand Prix circuit, and was won by British driver Innes Ireland in a Lotus 18. The race was marred by the death of experienced American driver Harry Schell in a violent accident during practice in wet conditions.
The field also included several Formula Two cars. They were the Coopers of Denis Hulme, Tony Marsh, John Campbell-Jones, Tim Parnell and Chris Bristow.
Results
Other cars
Stirling Moss also practised in a different Cooper-Climax (car #20T) but it was damaged in an accident. He subsequently practised and raced Ken Gregory's car.
John Surtees also practised in a privately entered Formula Two Cooper-Climax (car #32) but did not race it. He may also have been entered for the race in a Vanwall, but this is not confirmed.
References
"The Grand Prix Who's Who", Steve Small, 1995.
"The Formula One Record Book", John Thompson, 1974.
Results at www.silhouet.com
BRDC International Trophy
BRDC International Trophy
BRDC
BRDC International Trophy
Cape Tisan is a headland on the Mediterranean Sea coast of Mersin Province, Turkey. Τhe name is a distorted form of Ἀφροδισιᾶν (Aphrodisian; as many ancient names of places in Turkish from the accusative of the Greek name Ἀφροδίσιας).
Geography
The cape is near to Yeşilovacık town in Silifke district of Mersin Province. It is at The distance to Silifke is and to Mersin is .
The cape and the surrounding
The cape is actually the southernmost point of a circular spit of roughly diameter connected to the mainland by an isthmus. The spit is famous for being home to Aphrodisias of Cilicia and the istmus has a pair of bays one in each side. In the Middle Ages the east bay was named Limni Aphrodisias and the west bay was named Limni Etheros. Modern popular names are Cleopatra's bay for the east bay and Pirates' bay () for the west bay. Both bays are popular beaches and in fact the cape is named after a site of marine resorts just north of the isthmus. However owing to dominant lodos winds of the Mediterranean coast, the Pirates' bay is not as sheltered as the Cleopatra's bay.
References
Tisan
Landforms of Mersin Province
Silifke District
Sean Paul (born 1973) is a Jamaican dancehall and reggae artist.
Sean Paul may also refer to:
Sean Paul Joseph (born 1978), American rapper, member of the hip hop duo YoungBloodZ also known as Sean P
Sean Paul Lockhart (born 1986), American actor, director and producer
Sean Paul Morris (born 1983), American lacrosse player
Stockholms ström (The Stream of Stockholm), also known as Strömmen (The Stream), in Stockholm is the innermost part of Saltsjön, a bay of the Baltic Sea. It continues into Lake Mälaren through Norrström and Söderström.
See also
Geography of Stockholm
Rivers of Sweden
Geography of Stockholm
Lakes of Stockholm County
Maria Petrova may refer to:
Maria Petrova (rhythmic gymnast) (born 1975), rhythmic gymnast from Bulgaria
Maria Petrova (figure skater) (born 1977), pairs figure skater from Russia
Maria Petrova (spree killer) (born 1978), Russian spree killer
Molero is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Armando Molero (1899/1900–1971), Venezuelan musician
Juan Molero (born 1968), Puerto Rican former baseball player
Xiomara Molero (born 1971), Puerto Rican former volleyball player
Godivje () is a village in Municipality of Krivogaštani.
Demographics
According to the 2002 census, the village had a total of 166 inhabitants. Ethnic groups in the village include:
Macedonians 165
Serbs 1
References
Villages in Krivogaštani Municipality
Hannele is a Finnish female given name in Finland. It originated as a variant of the name Johanna. Its nameday is celebrated on the 21st of July in Finland and the 5th of January in Sweden. As of 2012, more than 90,000 people in Finland have this name. It was most popular around the middle of the 20th century. It is listed by the Finnish Population Register Centre as one of the top 10 most popular female given names ever.
Notable people
Some notable people who have this name are:
Hannele Pokka, Finnish politician, former governor of the province of Lapland
Hannele Tonna, Finnish ski-orienteering competitor and World Champion
Hannele Klemettilä, Finnish historian and author
Hannele Huovi, Finnish writer
Hannele Ruohola-Baker, Finnish-American scientist
References
Finnish feminine given names
Patrick Obahiagbon (born April 12, 1960) is a Nigerian politician and legal practitioner. He was elected to the House of Representatives in 2007, and served Oredo until his appointment as Chief of Staff to Governor Adams Oshiomole in 2011. Obahiagbon established a cult-following among many Nigerians for his grammatical caricature when engaged in social and political commentary.
Early life and education
Obahiagbon completed his secondary school education at St John Bosco Grammar School in Obiaja, Bendel State. He then proceeded to study Law at University of Benin, graduating in 1987. Additionally, he holds master's degrees in Public Administration and International history and diplomacy.
Political career
Obahiagbon's political career began in 1999.
He left the People's Democratic Party for Action Congress of Nigeria in 2010, and was a de jure member of All Progressive Congress after the merger in 2013. In November 2012, he replaced Osarodion Ogie as the chief of staff to Governor Adams Oshiomole.
Following the victory of President Muhammadu Buhari at the Nigerian general elections, 2015, Obahiagbon commended the Buhari administration for "showing spartan discipline that was already yielding results". He also pleaded with APC state party members to be patient with newly elected Governor Godwin Obaseki. In 2017, he became the representative of the South South states in the Nigeria Tennis Federation.
References
Nigerian politicians
University of Benin (Nigeria) alumni
1960 births
Living people
Route 89 is a highway in central Missouri. Its northern terminus is at Route 100 in Chamois; its southern terminus is at Route 28 in Belle. A short spur of Highway 89 connects with east U.S. Route 50 east of Linn.
Route description
Route 89 starts at an intersection with Route 100. Shortly after, it intersects with Route K. Then as it goes south, it intersects with Route FF. Then it intersects with Route HH. Further south it intersects with Route J. Then it branches off a spur route of Route 89. Further south, it intersects with US 50. US 50 is shared with Route 89 until an intersection in Linn. Then it continues south and then it intersects with Route E. Several miles south it intersects with Route D. Then it intersects with Route Y outside of Belle. Shortly after, it crosses over into Maries County and ends at an intersection with Route 28 in Belle.
History
Route 89 had originally been part of Route 12B, a branch of Route 12, one of the original 1922 state highways.
Major intersections
Route 89 Spur
Route 89 Spur/Route 89Y is a highway that forms the eastern leg of a Y intersection between Route 89 and US 50 in Osage County. Southbound Route 89 travelers wishing to connect to eastbound US 50 can save nearly of travel by utilizing Route 89 Spur rather than making a direct connection between the two highways at Potts.
References
089
Transportation in Maries County, Missouri
Transportation in Osage County, Missouri
Nightwing is a British rock band, originally formed in 1978 as "Gordon and Friends" by bassist Gordon Rowley (formerly of Strife), keyboardist Kenny Newton. and guitarist Eric Bert Percival. The original line-up was Gordon Rowley, Eric Percival, Kenny Newton and Paul Ellson.
The band's line-up changed fairly consistently since its inception and, at one point, included vocalist Max Bacon (pre-Bronz), who would go on to be in the supergroup GTR and Dave Evans (formerly of the band Days of Grace and not to be confused with the first AC/DC singer of the same name). Some of the band's longer-lasting members include founding members Rowley, Newton and guitarists Alec Johnson and Glynn Porrino and drummer Steve Bartley. Seán Pugh joined the band temporarily as a second keyboard player and vocalist on some dates in the North West leg of the Something in the Air era, including Liverpool Royal Court and Blackpool. However, the experiment was abandoned due to Kenny Newton's reticence to share duties.
Nightwing disbanded in 1987, with Rowley and long-time drummer Steve Bartley moving on to a short-lived band called Razorback (not to be confused with Razorback) before re-forming in the 1990s. Their most recent album, 8472, was released in 2008 by Timeline Records and the band continues to tour.
Formation, Something In The Air and Black Summer
Nightwing was formed when Gordon Rowley wanted to return to music, having left Strife due to a heart attack. Gordon had done some session work between leaving Strife, also turning down a spot in Rainbow in favor of forming his own band. This led to the formation of Nightwing, with keyboard player Kenny Newton, guitarist Eric Percival, and guitarist Alec Johnson as the core early line-up. With a variety of session drummers, including Paul Ellson, Steve Bartley, and John Mylett joining Rowley, Newton, Percival, and Johnson, Something in the Air was released in 1981, with "Barrel of Pain" by Graham Nash released as a single. For the tour and the following album, Black Summer, Steve Bartley became the full-time drummer for the band, the group playing Reading Festival and supporting Gillan.
In 1982, the line-up of Rowley, Newton, Johnson, and Bartley recorded and released Black Summer, which did particularly well in Eastern Europe, where the band would do an extensive tour.
Max Bacon, Stand Up and Be Counted and My Kingdom Come
For their third album, Nightwing incorporated a lead vocalist into their line-up, vocal duties previously being shared predominantly between Rowley and Newton. Max Bacon joined the band in 1983 and Nightwing released Stand Up and Be Counted, from which "Treading Water" was released as a single.
For 1984's My Kingdom Come, the band had decided to do a cover of "Cell 151", written by Steve Hackett (of Genesis). Hackett decided to join Nightwing in the studio to co-produce the single "Night of Mystery", playing additional guitar on that track as well. The album cover was painted by Roger Dean, who had also painted album covers for Yes and Asia.
After the album was completed and before the resulting tour, Max Bacon left Nightwing with Steve Hackett to form the supergroup GTR, along with Steve Howe. Johnson left as well, causing Nightwing to be down a guitarist and singer before the tour was to begin.
Dave Evans, Glynn Porrino, Night of Mystery - Alive! Alive! and Nightwing VI
For the Kingdome Come tour, Nightwing enlisted Dave Evans on vocals and Glynn Porrino on lead guitar. The band would also record their first and only live album, Night of Mystery - Alive! Alive! on this tour from concerts in Yugoslavia and West Germany.
Nightwing returned to the studio in 1986 for their fifth studio album, sixth in total, named Nightwing VI, which also featured an album cover painted by Porrino and saxophone parts also by Porrino. This would be Nightwing's last studio recording until 1996 (the last full album until 2008). Tensions in the group led to Dave Evans and Kenny Newton leaving the band just after its completion, Kerry Beswick having also played some keyboards on the album. The band would tour in 1986/1987 as a four-piece with Rowley, Bartley, Porrino and Beswick, before disbanding completely later in the year.
1996 reunion, Natural Survivors, 2006 reunion and 8472
After Nightwing split up in 1987, Gordon Rowley and Steve Bartley formed Razorback with Del Bromham of Stray. The sessions for this band were never officially released.
In 1996, Gordon Rowley reunited Nightwing, bringing together Glynn Porrino, Kenny Newton, and drummer Barry Roberts to record new tracks. One of the tracks "Mercenary Man", first written by Bartley in a band called The Skeleton Crew, later recorded by Razorback, was recorded by Nightwing. With two new compositions, one written by Porrino and an instrumental by Rowley, the three new tracks were put on a re-release of Nightwing VI named Natural Survivors, which featured different artwork, the old cover being used for the back.
Another song "Out in the Cold" was recorded during these sessions, but did not make the re-release. Later it was put on the 79 to 86 compilation albums, released when the band re-formed once more in 2006, with the line-up of Rowley, Percival, Bartley, Beswick, and Porrino, with Roberts providing additional drums, and Tony Reid providing lead vocals and also playing additional guitar. This line-up would go on to record their most recent album 8472 in 2008.
Personnel
Timeline
Discography
Something in the Air (1981)
Black Summer (1982)
Stand Up and Be Counted (1983)
My Kingdom Come (1984)
A Night of Mystery – Alive! Alive! (live album) (1985)
Nightwing VI (re-released in 1996 as Natural Survivors with some tracks from the Razorback sessions re-recorded by the band) (1986)
Nightwing (compilation – Long Island Records) (1996)
79 to 86 (live) (compilation) (2006)
8472 (2008)
See also
List of new wave of British heavy metal bands
References
External links
English progressive rock groups
English heavy metal musical groups
Musical groups established in 1978
Musical groups disestablished in 1987
Musical groups reestablished in 1996
Ovation Records artists
New Wave of British Heavy Metal musical groups
