Gifford Hill may refer to:
Gifford Hill (Oneida County, New York), an elevation in Oneida County, New York
Gifford Hill (Onondaga County, New York), an elevation in Onondaga County, New York
Gifford Hill (Otsego County, New York), an elevation in Otsego County, New York
Geary is a free and open-source email client written in Vala and based on WebKitGTK. Although since adopted by the GNOME project, it originally was developed by the Yorba Foundation. The purpose of this e-mail client, according to Adam Dingle, Yorba founder, was to bring back users from online webmails to a faster and easier to use desktop application.
Pantheon Mail was a fork initiated by the Elementary OS community after the demise of Yorba, though at some point they decided to rewrite from scratch so that the only remaining references to Geary in the Pantheon code base are in some translations.
Features
Supports Gmail, Yahoo! Mail, Outlook.com, and popular IMAP servers.
Mail organized by conversations.
Support for sending as another identity.
Full-featured HTML mail composer.
Support for reading TNEF attachments.
Fast keyword search with values like from:john, is:read, is:unread and is:starred.
Desktop notification of new mails.
GNOME Keyring integration to store passwords for email accounts.
Implementation to support GPG had been started, but is still incomplete as of 2019.
Technical information
Geary internally uses an SQLite database to store a local copy of emails and for indexing. It uses a fully asynchronous GObject-based IMAP client library. One feature that distinguishes Geary from other open source email clients is its focus on the conversation view. Both Geary and Pantheon Mail are using gettext for translations.
As of April 3, 2016, Pantheon Mail has not been migrated to WebKitGTK+2 yet. The developers decided first to migrate the code managing the conversation view to use native GTK widgets (Gtk.CSS and Granite, a GTK+ library used as part of elementary OS). This offered several advantages, including minimizing the use of webviews, reducing the code, supporting hardware accelerated animations, and supporting RTL languages. They also removed the use of custom GTK bars like PillHeaderBar which were making the code complicated and difficult to read. Geary uses WebKit2 since at least version 3.32.0.
History
Historically, Elementary OS directly supported the project and Geary became the default application in that Linux distribution.
On March 25, 2013, Jim Nelson, executive director at Yorba, launched a crowdfunding campaign on IndieGoGo to gather US$100,000 that would have been used to pay the 3 full-time Yorba engineers that were working at that time on Geary. Unfortunately, on April 23, 2013, only US$50,860 were gathered from 1,192 backers. The amount was not met and the campaign failed. According to the rules set by IndieGoGo, Yorba did not receive any of the money that had been pledged.
After this failure, Jim Nelson declared in a blog post that the crowdfunding campaign was kind of an experiment to see if that route was enough to sustain open-source development. He reaffirmed Geary had been created to improve the Linux experience, and therefore had no chance of being ported to macOS or Windows platforms.
As the Yorba Foundation had stopped its activities and GNOME had not announced any plans about this project at the time, the future of Geary was unclear. As a result, to these uncertainties, due to previous design disagreements with the old Geary team and because elementary OS was actually using Geary as the default mail client (though in a heavily patched version), Danielle Foré, the leader of Elementary OS, decided to fork the project on November 18, 2015 and continue with the development as a fork.; the project was renamed Pantheon Mail during the process. Pantheon Mail replaced Geary in elementary OS 0.4, which is codenamed Loki.
In March 2016, Michael Gratton applied to become the new maintainer of Geary. His main goal was to try fixing pressing issues like the dependency on the old WebKit1GTK, collaboration with Pantheon Mail, better support for non-GMail servers, mailbox management, the account UI, extending search, etc. Contributing to Geary as a GNOME project requires the maintainer to become a GNOME member. After a discussion with Adam Dingle, Yorba's founder, both agreed to wait for Gratton to fulfill GNOME membership application requirements. In the meantime, Gratton will post his patches to the GNOME Bugzilla instance and Adam will commit them for him.
On May 15, 2016, version 0.11 was released,. Version 0.13 was released on February 18, 2019. In March 2019, with version 3.32, the version scheme was changed to match GNOME's release schedule (note the difference in even/odd version numbers).
Naming
The initial name "Geary" coincides with the name of the Geary Street, because all Yorba's products were named after streets in San Francisco. However, according to a former Yorba employee, the application was not named after the address where Yorba Foundation was located. That was actually a coincidence. The first beta of Geary was released in May 2012, and Yorba was still located on Capp Street at the time.
References
External links
Geary in a GNOME wiki
Email clients
Email client software for Linux
Free email software
Free multilingual software
Free software programmed in Vala
Email clients that use GTK
Software using the LGPL license
Unix Internet software
Moët & Chandon is a French fine winery and co-owner of the luxury goods company LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton SE.
Moët, moet, MOET, or variation, may also refer to:
People
Moet Abebe (born 1989), Nigerian entertainer
Claude Moët (1683–1760), French vintner
Jean-Rémy Moët (1758–1841), French vintner and merchant seaman
Michèle Moet-Agniel (born 1926), teacher and member of the French Resistance
Other uses
Ministry of Economy and Trade (Lebanon) (MOET)
See also
Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton (LVMH)
Moest (disambiguation)
Alethea Nevada Sedgman (born 24 January 1994) is an Australian sport shooter. At the 2010 Commonwealth Games, she won a gold medal in the women's 50 metres rifle three position event. She was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the 10 metres air rifle event and the 50m rifle event.
Personal
Sedgman was born on 24 January 1994 in Carlton, Victoria. She grew up in Victoria on a farm.
She attended Natimuk Primary School before going to high school at Horsham College. In 2010, she earned her VCE in English literature. , she lives in Natimuk, Victoria.
Sedgman is tall and weighs .
Shooting
Sedgman is a sport shooter, specialising in the rifle. She is a member of the Horsham Smallbore Club and has been coached by Petr Kurka since 2009. She has a shooting scholarship with the Victorian Institute of Sport. She became a senior shooter in 2009. She represented Australia at the 2010 World Championship in Munich.
Sedgman competed at the 2010 Commonwealth Games, where she earned a gold medal as a sixteen-year-old in the women's 50m rifle three position events. Her gold was Australia's first in shooting at the 2010 Games. She won gold with a score of 676.0 points.
Sedgman finished 2nd in the three position and 4th in the prone 10 metres air rifle at the 2011 Oceania Championships in Sydney, Australia. She finished 23rd and 24th in the junior 10 metres air rifle events at the 2012 Pilzen Grand Prix in Pilzen, Czech Republic. At the 2012 Meyton Cup in Tirol, Austria, she finished 4th and 18th in the junior 10 metres rifle events. She finished 42nd in the junior 10 metres air rifle at the 2012 Munich IWK in Munich Germany. In the 2012 Australia Cup 1 she finished 2nd in the 10 metres air rifle at Event 2 in Adelaide, Australia having placed 1st in the same event and 3rd in the three positions at Event 1, also in Adelaide. In the 2012 Australia Cup 2 Sedgman recorded finishes of 2nd in the 10 metres air rifle and 4th in the three positions at Event 1 in Sydney and followed this by finishing 2nd in the 10 metres at Event 2.
Olympics
Sedgman was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics in shooting in the 10 metres air rifle event. She was eighteen years old at the Games.
Australia had one final quota place to give to a shooter for the Olympics and it came down a choice between Gulvin and Sedgman. Sedgman was selected ahead of her boyfriend as Australian International Shooting opted to send a female competitor.
References
External links
(2010)
(2014)
1994 births
Living people
Australian female sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Australia
Shooters at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for Australia
Commonwealth Games medallists in shooting
Shooters at the 2010 Commonwealth Games
Shooters at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
Victorian Institute of Sport alumni
20th-century Australian women
21st-century Australian women
Obliveon is a Canadian progressive death/thrash metal band from Quebec.
History
The group was formed in 1987 as Oblivion, but changed the spelling after discovering a band of the same name in the United States. Obliveon's second album, the self-released Nemesis, has since been "lauded as a tech metal cornerstone." According to Canvas Solaris drummer Hunter Ginn, Nemesis "[sounds like] the very essence of tech." After releasing four studio albums, Obliveon disbanded in 2002 but has reunited occasionally over the years, and they have discussed the possibility of writing new material.
Band members
Stéphane Picard - bass, vocals (1987-2002, 2007-2008, 2014, 2019-present)
Martin Gagné - guitar (1987-2002, 2007-2008, 2014, 2019-present)
Alain Demers - drums (1989-2002, 2007-2008, 2014, 2019-present)
Pierre Rémillard - guitar (1989-2002, 2007-2008, 2014, 2019-present)
Bruno Bernier - vocals (1994-2001)
Francis Giguère - drums (1987-1989)
Discography
Studio albums
From This Day Forward (1990)
Nemesis (1993)
Cybervoid (1996)
Carnivore Mothermouth (1999)
Other releases
Whimsical Uproar... (demo, 1987)
Fiction of Veracity (demo, 1989)
Planet Claire (EP, 1998)
Greatest Pits (compilation, 2002)
References
Footnotes
Works cited
Musical groups established in 1987
Musical groups disestablished in 2002
Musical groups reestablished in 2007
Musical groups disestablished in 2008
Musical groups reestablished in 2014
Musical groups disestablished in 2015
Musical groups reestablished in 2019
Canadian progressive metal musical groups
Canadian thrash metal musical groups
Canadian death metal musical groups
Musical groups from Montreal
English-language musical groups from Quebec
Fernand Arnout (8 December 1899 – 30 January 1974) was a French weightlifter. He competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics and in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
In 1920, he finished fifth in the lightweight class. Eight years later at the 1928 Games, Arnout won the bronze medal in the lightweight class.
References
External links
1899 births
1974 deaths
French male weightlifters
Olympic weightlifters of France
Olympic bronze medalists for France
Olympic medalists in weightlifting
Weightlifters at the 1920 Summer Olympics
Weightlifters at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1928 Summer Olympics
High Hopes was a 1978 Canadian television soap opera that was shown on both Canadian and United States television, starring performers Bruce Gray and Dorothy Malone.
The series was produced by Y&R Associates, Ltd, in conjunction with DCA Productions, Incorporated, and was filmed in Toronto. It was broadcast in Canada weekday afternoons on CBC Television, and syndicated to US television stations. Canadian producer was Karen Hazzard. The show was initially directed by Bruce Minnix, and later by several Canadian directors, including Nigel Napier-Andrews. It was written by Bryan Barney, Mort Forer, Marian Waldman and Winifred Wolfe.
Premise
Gray headlined the show as Dr. Neal Chapman, a local psychiatrist/family counselor who lived and worked in the twin communities of Cambridge and Cambridgeport, located somewhere in Canada (the province was never revealed, although there is a real-life Cambridge in Ontario).
He was also associated with Delaney College, Cambridge's institution of higher learning. Much of the action was set at either the college, or in his large home in Cambridgeport, Cambridge's neighbor across an unknown river, which also served as his office.
Neal was divorced from his former wife Helen (Candace O'Connor), a nasty jet-setter, who had recently remarried; and they (supposedly) had a grown daughter, Jessica, nicknamed Jessie (Marianne McIssac), a student at Delaney College, who lived with him.
Also living in the Chapman house was his mother, Meg (Doris Petrie); she'd move in after suffering a serious fall in her own home (Jessie had once lived with her grandmother, Meg, after Helen sent her there after her remarriage); Louise Bates (Jayne Eastwood) a Cambridge real estate agent who had sold Neal his house, and his close friend, Cambridge attorney Walter Telford (Colin Fox, Granville Van Dusen), who lived with his wife, Evelyn Telford (Deborah Turnbull). Walter, Evelyn, Louise and another person, Dr. Jean Bataille, were all paying tenants in Neal's home in an attempt to help with finances.
Neal also worked with Dr. Dan Girard (Jan Muszynski), a mysterious young physician who worked at Cambridge's hospital.
In the story, most of the characters lived in Cambridgeport, and did their jobs and other various activities in the larger city of Cambridge across the river.
Despite his numerous counseling appointments and work at the hospital, Neal also found time for romance. He was involved romantically with Louise and also with local television talk show host, Trudy Bowen (Barbara Kyle). He was also (inexplicably) the target of a crush by Jessie.
One of the families Neal counseled most frequently was the Stewart family, one of Cambridge's more affluent families, which was composed of successful businessman husband Michael Stewart, Sr. (Michael Tait), who had been recently named the President of Cambridge's leading department store; his society (and agoraphobic) wife, Norma, (Vivian Reis) and their son, Michael, Jr. (Gordon Thomson). They had a daughter, Terri, who had died in a car accident, which sent Norma into a mental decline.
Another family he counseled was the more middle-class Sperrys, Amy (Gina Dick), a student at Delaney College, and her mother, Doris (Mignon Elkins).
Amy and Jessie were once friends, but they fell out over dating Michael Jr. and were now bitter enemies.
Much of the focus of the series was Neal counseling his many clients, who were members of the larger Cambridge/Cambridgeport communities, and/or Delaney College's students and faculty, whilst his own troubles mounted.
Neal had to deal with the trauma of realizing that Jessie wasn't his and Helen's daughter at all. She was revealed to be the daughter of Helen's sister, fashion coordinator, Paula Myles (Nuala Fitzgerald), whom she left with her sister and brother-in-law when she knew she couldn't raise her.
Ironically, Paula, who had a peculiar habit of calling her secretary, "sweetie" (and was more sympathetic than Helen) would work at Gordon's Department store, with Michael Stewart, Sr. They had had an affair many years previous, and the two still had feelings for one another. That made Norma and Paula enemies.
Upon hearing this shocking news about her parentage (Neal wanted her to know the whole story as she deserved to know the truth; while Paula wanted to keep it secret, more for her own protection than for her own daughter), Jessie took Paula's last name of Myles, and then sexually acted on her crush towards her now Aunt Helen's former husband.
Jessie's real father was revealed to be Michael Stewart, Sr. This ended romantic ties between her and Michael, Jr, but it made them stepsiblings. Jessie would move out of Neal's home and in with the Stewarts as a part of their family. If there was a positive to this, it was most beneficial to Norma.
Upon Jessie entering her family, she took to her and showered her with love, taking the lost Jessie as her own and to her heart. Jessie became her surrogate daughter. They became a truly caring mother/daughter duo, giving Norma a reason to live again.
Although it was more of a means to an end, to get even with Paula for her continued interest in her husband, Norma had a sincere love for Jessie, and the two proved to be a good support system for one another.
Michael Jr would take on a brotherly role to his new sister; looking out for her and making sure she was all right and protected, much as he had done with his late sister, Terri.
However, Amy Sperry, who now had a clear path with Mike, romantically, would resent his relationship with Jessie as his sister. Amy's insistence on hurting Jessie angered her mother, Doris; not to mention Jessie's parents, Paula, Mike Sr. and Norma, as well as Mike Jr., himself, who was ever protective of his newfound sister.
They all wanted her to leave Jessie alone. It was never revealed if Amy listened to them.
The show had a brief run in 1978, and was eventually cancelled. Musical arrangement was produced by Aeolus Productions, known for the themes and musical cues on American soap operas like All My Children, Ryan's Hope and One Life to Live.
Notable alumni
Notable actors on the show, besides Gray and Eastwood who were already well established when this show aired, included Gordon Thomson, undoubtedly the show's most successful alumnus (he played Michael Stewart, Jr), who went on to much greater fame as Adam Carrington, the villainous son of Blake and Alexis Carrington on the 1980s prime-time soap Dynasty; Dorothy Malone who had been best known for her role of Constance MacKenzie in the 1960s soap opera, Peyton Place who played Carol Herzog; actor Nehemiah Persoff who played Carol's husband, Dr. Aaron Herzog; Granville Van Dusen and Colin Fox both of whom played attorney, Walter Telford; and Geraint Wyn Davies, best known for his role on the series Forever Knight, in one of his earliest roles, playing a Delaney College student named Glen.
Cast
Bruce Gray — Dr. Neal Chapman
Doris Petrie — Meg Chapman
Marianne McIssac — Jessica "Jessie" Myles (Chapman)
Jayne Eastwood — Louise Bates
Granville Van Dusen — Walter Telford #2
Colin Fox — Walter Telford #1
Deborah Turnbull — Evelyn Telford
Jan Muszynski — Dr. Dan Girard
Candace O'Connor — Helen Chapman
Nuala Fitzgerald — Paula Myles
Michael Tait — Michael Stewart, Sr.
Vivian Reis — Norma Stewart
Gordon Thomson — Michael Stewart, Jr.
Barbara Kyle — Trudy Bowen
Gina Dick — Amy Sperry
Mignon Elkins — Doris Sperry
Dorothy Malone — Carol Herzog
Nehemiah Persoff — Dr. Aaron Herzog
Geraint Wyn Davies — Glen
References
External links
Canadian television soap operas
CBC Television original programming
1978 Canadian television series debuts
1978 Canadian television series endings
English-language television shows
First-run syndicated television programs in the United States
Henri Thiéry (Paris, 1829 – Bougival, 1 August 1872) was a 19th-century French journalist and playwright.
The fondator and director of the Journal des Demoiselles, a regular collaborator of Amédée de Jallais, his plays were presented on the most important Parisian stages of the 19th century: Théâtre des Délassements-Comiques, Théâtre des Folies-Dramatiques, Théâtre du Palais-Royal etc.
Œuvres
1852: Dans une armoire, folie-vaudeville in 1n act
1856: Le Boulanger à des écus, drame-vaudeville in 3 acts, with Amédée de Jallais
1856: Mon ami Dupont, vaudeville in 1 act, with de Jallais
1856: Manon de Nivelle, vaudeville in 3 acts, with de Jallais
1856: Pan, pan, c'est la fortune, comedy in 1 act, mingled with couplets, with de Jallais
1859: La Course aux canards, vaudeville in 3 canards, with de Jallais
1859: Le Naufrage de La Pérouse, drama in 5 acts and 9 tableaux, with de Jallais and Adolphe d'Ennery
1859: Arsène et Camille, vaudeville in 1 act, mingled with couplets, with A. Dupeuty
1860: Le Mariage de Fanchon, à-propos in 2 tableaux
1860: Chamarin le chasseur, comédie-vaudeville in 1 act, with Varin and de Jallais
1860: Monsieur !, vaudeville in 1 act
1861: Les Parisiens en voyage, vaudeville in 3 acts and 5 tableaux, with Hippolyte Bedeau
1861: Il pleut ! il pleut ! bergère, 1860 revue, in 3 acts
1861: Les Adieux du boulevard du Temple, fantasy play in 3 acts and 14 tableaux, preceded with Les Enfants de Momus, prologue in 2 tableaux
1862: La Manière de traiter les femmes comme elles le méritent, vaudeville in 1 act
1863: De Paris en Chine, ou Je ne suis pas Tissier, travel in 4 stations, with Varin and de Jallais
1863: La Chanson de la marguerite ou Un peu, beaucoup, passionnément, with Alfred Delacour
1863: Un joli cocher, vaudeville in 1 act, with A. Dupeuty
1864: Le Carnaval des canotiers, vaudeville in 4 acts, with de Jallais, Adolphe Dupeuty and Charles Dupeuty
1864: Les Calicots, vaudeville in 3 acts, with Paul Avenel
1865: Que c'est comme un bouquet de fleurs, revue in 3 acts and 12 tableaux, with Jules Renard
1865: Les contributions indirectes, with Hippolyte Cogniard
1866: L'Homme au pavé, vaudeville in 1 act
1867: Les Voyageurs pour l'exposition, revue fantaisie in 5 acts and 6 tableaux, with William Busnach
1868: Les plaisirs du dimanche, play in 4 acts, with Avenel
1869: L'Homme aux 76 femmes, comedy in 1 act, with Paul Siraudin
undated: Le Grand journal, folie dramatique in 4 acts and six tableaux with prologue, with Ernest Blum
Bibliography
Revue et gazette musicale de Paris, vol.39, 1872, (obituary)
19th-century French journalists
French male journalists
19th-century French dramatists and playwrights
Writers from Paris
1829 births
1872 deaths
19th-century French male writers
1905 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the second waterpolo championship in Hungary. There were one round of matches with four teams.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
1905 in water polo
1905 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
"New Normal" is a song by American singer-songwriter Khalid. It was released through RCA Records as the lead single from his upcoming third studio album, Everything Is Changing, on July 21, 2021. The song was produced by John Hill, Active Child, and Blanda.
Background and composition
Khalid told press that the inspiration of "New Normal" comes from "the pandemic and the emotional toll that quarantine took on me and my friends". Khalid also told Rolling Stone that he started to write the song in the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic and it "was my way of coping with the misunderstanding" and he also felt that it shows who he is as a person and "it just embodies hope for the outcome of our future". He also explained his inspiration for the song:Around this time last year, I was super fascinated and gravitated towards space. I was watching this comet by the name of Neowise last year, and space travel is something I've always been interested in as well. And I've been going through the motions of understanding this new, postmodern future that's coming together, especially when it comes down to technology – it's something that really excites me.
On July 8, 2021, Khalid announced the song along with its cover art and release date. He performed it live for the Virgin Galactic Unity 22 Spaceflight Launch on July 11, 2021. "New Normal" has been described as a "groovy, moody pop-R&B" song.
Music video
The official music video premiered alongside the song on July 21, 2021. It shows a reference to Silicon Valley and shows a bunch of modern items, such as "skyscraper gardens, autonomous vehicles, drone deliveries, and smart homes". The music video also shows Khalid's PlayStation 5. Andrew J. Hawkins of The Verge described the song "as smooth and breezy as a summer afternoon, which is weird because the video that accompanies the track is pretty much a venture capitalist's dream come true".
Credits and personnel
Credits adapted from Tidal.
Khalid – vocals, songwriting
John Hill – production, songwriting
Active Child – production, songwriting
Blanda – production
Denis Kosiak – mixing, engineering, vocal production
Connor Hedge – assistant engineering
Fili Filizzola – assistant engineering
Hector Vega – assistant engineering
Dale Becker – mastering
Charts
Release history
References
2021 singles
2021 songs
Khalid (singer) songs
Songs written by Khalid (singer)
Songs written by John Hill (record producer)
Song recordings produced by John Hill (record producer)
RCA Records singles
Hasuliya is a village development committee in Kailali District in Sudurpashchim Province, western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 10,638 living in 1405 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Kailali District
Populated places in Kailali District
Langlands is an historic villa in Kinnoull, Perth and Kinross, Scotland. Located on Kinnoull Terrace, it is a Category C listed building, built in the mid-19th century. It is one of five listed properties on the street, denoted by Historic Environment Scotland as items of special interest. The property was previously known as Murrayville. Several of the properties appear on maps of Perth from the 1860s.
Along with the two other listed villas on its (the western) side of the street, it has a gate in the communal boundary wall that runs along a stretch of the Dundee Road to the west; however, the one for Langlands has been filled in.
References
19th-century establishments in Scotland
Listed buildings in Kinnoull, Perth and Kinross
Category C listed buildings in Perth and Kinross
Barkatpura is a neighbourhood in Hyderabad, Telangana, India. The Barkatpura Chaman is a popular landmark of this suburb.
There are many diagnostic centres, hospitals and parks located here. It is a primarily residential area, and is located close to the Kacheguda Railway Station.
The Provident Fund Office is located here.
Barkatpura is named after Sheikh Barkat Ali, Professor of Mathematics and Head of Department, Osmania university, Hyderabad.
Educational centres and hospitals
Colleges:
Raja Bahadur Venkata Rama Reddy Women's College (Reddy Women's College)
Nrupatunga Junior, Degree and PG college
St. Francis Xavier Degree College
St. Francis Xavier Junior College
Global Institute of Hotel Management
Nalsar University of Law Corporate Office
Andhra Yuvathi Mandali College and school
Andhra Mahila College
Bharath PG College
Avanthi College
Hospitals
Woodlands Hospitals
MEDALL Diagnostics
Sri Krishna Super Speciality Neuro Hospital
CC Shroff Memorial Hospital
Geetha Clinic and Maternity Home
Shalini Hospital
Ankilla Dental and Polyclinic
Bristlecone Hospital
Hepa Scan Center
Barkatpura also has the office of the Dyslexia Association of Andhra Pradesh.
Transport
Barkatpura is well-connected by the state-run bus service TSRTC, which has a depot in Barkatpura.
The closest MMTS Train station is at Kachiguda.
References
Barkatpura is named after Sheikh Barkat Ali, Professor of Mathematics and Head of Department, Osmania university, Hyderabad.
Neighbourhoods in Hyderabad, India
The Rt Revd Dr Vibert Jackson was a Colonial Anglican Bishop in the Windward Islands from 1930 until 1936.
He was born in 1874 and educated at the City of London School and Keble College, Oxford and ordained in 1899. His first post was as a curate at St Matthews, Newcastle upon Tyne after which he was a missionary priest in Calcutta and then curate in charge of the Mission of the Holy Spirit, Newcastle upon Tyne. From 1906 to 1913 he was Vicar of St Michael and St George, Fulwell then Archdeacon in Central America and later of Grenada before his elevation to the episcopate.
Following his retirement from the Windward Islands, he was Vicar of All Souls, South Ascot (from 1940), and was an Assistant Bishop of Oxford (from late 1951). He held both posts at his death on 19 January 1963. There is a memorial to him at St George's Cathedral, St Vincent. He is buried at All Souls, South Ascot, on the southern edge of the churchyard.
Notes
1874 births
Anglican clergy from London
People educated at the City of London School
Alumni of Keble College, Oxford
English Anglican missionaries
Anglican archdeacons in Central America
20th-century Anglican bishops in the Caribbean
Anglican bishops of the Windward Islands
1963 deaths
Archdeacons of Grenada
Deans of St George's Cathedral, Kingstown
Anglican missionaries in India
Joseph George Gembis (September 29, 1907 – July 5, 1969), sometimes known by the nickname "Dynamite Joe", was an American football player and coach. He played college football at the University of Michigan from 1926 to 1929 and professional football for the Ironton Tanks in 1930. He later served as the head football coach at Wayne State University for 14 years, from 1932 to 1945.
Early years
Gembis was born in Vicksburg, Michigan, in 1907. He attended Vicksburg High School.
Football player
Gembis played college football at the University of Michigan from 1927 to 1929 as a fullback and placekicker. Highlights of Gembis' playing career at Michigan included the following:
On November 3, 1928, Gembis ended Illinois' undefeated season, kicking a field goal for the game's only points in a 3–0 Michigan victory. This was the first field goal kicked in Michigan Stadium history.
On November 24, 1928, Gembis scored four points on a field goal and an extra point to lead Michigan to a 10–7 victory over Iowa.
On October 5, 1929, Gembis scored 11 points on a touchdown run, field goal, and two extra points in a 17–0 victory over Michigan State.
On November 9, 1929, Gembis' two extra points provided the winning margin in a 14–12 victory over Harvard.
On November 16, 1929, Gembis was credited with playing a "whale of a game," and his extra point kick gave Michigan a 7–6 victory over Minnesota.
The Detroit Free Press in November 1929 noted: "Gembis' presence in the blue line up has been invaluable. His place kicking has been an indispensable factor in the Wolverine attack. Without the service of his productive toe, it is extremely doubtful if Michigan's record would be studded with any major victories." Gembis received his bachelor of arts degree from Michigan in 1930.
In 1930, Gembis played semi-professional football as a fullback and placekicker for the Ironton Tanks in Ironton, Ohio. The Cincinnati Enquirer in November 1930 wrote: "Dynamite Joe Gembis, Tank fullback, is without a doubt the finest line-smasher to ever show at Redland Field."
Football coach
Gembis spent one year as a football coach at Chesapeake High School in Ohio. His 1931 Chesapeake team compiled a 6–4–1 record.
In July 1932, he was hired as the head coach at College of the City of Detroit (later renamed Wayne University in 1934 and later Wayne State University). He remained in that position for 14 years. His 1934 team compiled a 7–1 record, and from 1934 to 1937 his teams went 23–7. However, the program declined after 1937, winning only six games from 1941 to 1945. He was fired in April 1946. Gembis compiled a career record of 42–51–8 () at Wayne State.
Family and later years
Gembis was married to Florence Ruby Smith in June 1934. They had three children, Douglas (born March 1935), Ann, and Charles. In his later years, Gembis continued to work as an associate professor of health and physical education at Wayne State. He also operated the Hazawitka Summer Camp in Mayfield, Michigan. He died from a heart attack at the camp in July 1969 at age 61.
Gembis was posthumously inducted into the Wayne State University Hall of Fame in 1980.
Head coaching record
College
References
1907 births
1969 deaths
American football fullbacks
American football placekickers
Ironton Tanks players
Michigan Wolverines football players
Wayne State Warriors football coaches
High school football coaches in Ohio
People from Vicksburg, Michigan
Players of American football from Michigan
"Tom Hark" is an instrumental South African kwela song from the 1950s, believed to have been composed by Jack Lerole. The song was arranged for penny whistle and first recorded by Elias and His Zig-Zag Jive Flutes—a South African band formed by pennywhistlers Jack and his brother Elias Lerole—and released in 1956. It was later released in the UK after it was used as a theme on a TV series and it reached number 2 on the UK chart in 1958.
Recordings artists of various genres have covered the song, and some of them added original lyrics. A version by the Piranhas became a hit in 1980 in the UK, and it has been adapted into football chants.
Elias and His Zig-Zag Jive Flutes recording
The song was composed by Jack Lerole around 1954, although other people also claimed to have written the song. Jack and Elias Lerole and their band were performing on the street of Johannesburg when EMI South Africa record producer Rupert Bopape (1925–2012) came across them, and offered them a recording contract. They recorded the song in 1956 with their band Elias and His Zig-Zag Jive Flutes on pennywhistles, with a satirical spoken introduction. The song, however, is credited to Bopape; the right to the song is said to have been sold to Bopape by Lerole for 11 guineas, with the other members of the band paid $10 (6 guineas) each for their work. This version was released in 1956. The title, "Tom Hark", is thought to be either a misspelling or deliberate wordplay on "Tomahawk", the original title of the song. Tomahawk was carried by street children such as Jack and Elias Lerole for protection.
The tune was used as theme music for a British TV series in 1958 about diamond smuggling in South Africa, The Killing Stones. It was then released as a single in the UK, and it entered the UK Singles Chart at number 30 on 25 April 1958; on 24 May it reached number 2, and held that position for four weeks. In all, the song was in the UK charts for about 14 weeks.
Elias and His Zig-Zag Jive Flutes was later renamed Alexandra Black Mambazo and they recorded a vocal version of the song..
Early covers
In the UK, Ted Heath and His Music released a cover of the song soon after release of the original in 1958. In 1962, English singer Jimmy Powell released a new version of the song with original lyrics. Jamaican singer-songwriter Millie Small covered Powell's version on her 1964 album My Boy Lollipop. That same year, Mickey Finn and the Blue Men released their own instrumental cover in the UK as a 7-inch single. The next year, Georgie Fame released a different arrangement of the song (with lyrics) on his 1965 album Fame at Last. Whistling Jack Smith whistled his cover on his 1967 album Around the World with Whistling Jack. In 1969, Jamaican band The Dynamites recorded an instrumental reggae version retitled 'John Public'.
In the 1970s, instrumental versions of the song were recorded by Jumbo Sterling's All-Stars for their 1970 album Reggae Party; by Bert Kaempfert & His Orchestra for their 1977 album Safari Swings Again; and, in the UK circa 1979, by Captain Morgan & His Merry Men for a 12-inch reggae single.
The Piranhas version
When Brighton-based punk band the Piranhas covered the song in 1980, they used new lyrics written by their frontman, "Boring" Bob Grover. The song peaked at number 6 on the UK Singles Chart, and was the band's most successful single.
The Piranhas version was used as background music in Chris Evans' TV show TFI Friday. The Piranhas version has since been adapted by football fans as chants in Great Britain and Ireland.
Charts
Seagulls Ska version
In 2005, the temporary Brighton-based band named Seagulls Ska, made up of Brighton and Hove Albion F.C. fans, released their version titled "Tom Hark (We Want Falmer!)". It is a remake of the 1980 Piranhas hit which came to be used as an anthem at many football grounds. The song was released in January 2005 to highlight the club's plight in building a new stadium at Falmer. On 15 January 2005, it reached number 17 on the UK Singles Chart and remained in the chart for three weeks. The club's stadium at Falmer eventually opened over six years after the single's release, in July 2011.
The lyrics were rewritten by Attila the Stockbroker.
Track listing
"Tom Hark (We Want Falmer!)" (Bopeape/Baine/Grover)
"Sussex by the Sea" (Instrumental Version) (Traditional)
"Sussex by the Sea" (Singalong Version) (Traditional)
"Roll Up for the Donkey Derby...." (Baine)
Other versions
The South African band Mango Groove released a version of the song on their 1997 album Dance Sum More: All the Hits So Far. Jack Lerole, who co-founded Elias and His Zig-Zag Jive Flutes (the first band to record "Tom Hark"), was also a founding member of Mango Groove. However, he left Mango Groove several years before they recorded their cover of the song.
Other covers of "Tom Hark" can be found in such diverse albums as Freight Train (1993), a live album by British skiffle musician Chas McDevitt; The Dansan Sequence Collection, Volume 2 (1993), a Dixieland cover album by Bryan Smith & His Dixielanders; and Party Crazy (2000), a novelty album by Jive Bunny and the Mastermixers. The song can be heard in Instance Automatics claws Prize Circus and Maxx Grab Evolution.
The song has also been adopted by various groups of football fans, most famously by Manchester United fans who sang it to describe Wayne Rooney as "the white Pele".
References
1956 songs
1956 singles
1980 singles
Football songs and chants
Pop instrumentals
South African songs
1950s instrumentals
Columbia Records singles
Sire Records singles
In mathematics, in the field of ordinary differential equations, a nontrivial solution to an ordinary differential equation
is called oscillating if it has an infinite number of roots; otherwise it is called non-oscillating. The differential equation is called oscillating if it has an oscillating solution.
The number of roots carries also information on the spectrum of associated boundary value problems.
Examples
The differential equation
is oscillating as sin(x) is a solution.
Connection with spectral theory
Oscillation theory was initiated by Jacques Charles François Sturm in his investigations of Sturm–Liouville problems from 1836. There he showed that the n'th eigenfunction of a Sturm–Liouville problem has precisely n-1 roots. For the one-dimensional Schrödinger equation the question about oscillation/non-oscillation answers the question whether the eigenvalues accumulate at the bottom of the continuous spectrum.
Relative oscillation theory
In 1996 Gesztesy–Simon–Teschl showed that the number of roots of the Wronski determinant of two eigenfunctions of a Sturm–Liouville problem gives the number of eigenvalues between the corresponding eigenvalues. It was later on generalized by Krüger–Teschl to the case of two eigenfunctions of two different Sturm–Liouville problems. The investigation of the number of roots of the Wronski determinant of two solutions is known as relative oscillation theory.
See also
Classical results in oscillation theory are:
Kneser's theorem (differential equations)
Sturm–Picone comparison theorem
Sturm separation theorem
References
Ordinary differential equations
Thion is a department or commune of Gnagna Province in northern Burkina Faso. Its capital lies at the town of Thion.
Towns and villages
Balamba
Bangaye
Bangayéni
Banogo
Bogoumissi
Bossongri
Diaka
Dimkoura
Dioro
Dioro-Folgou
Doyana
Folbombouga
Folbongou
Folgou
Gnindi
Harga
Koulbila
Lalguin
Laranga
Lelcom
Monlori
Morèm
Nawèga
Sékoussi
Siéssin
Tamièla
Tipoli
References
Departments of Burkina Faso
Gnagna Province
Andrea Batista Schlesinger (born October 27, 1976) is an American political writer and campaigner. She was until 2009 the executive director of the Drum Major Institute.
Early life and education
Schlesinger was born and raised in Brooklyn, New York, by a Dominican mother and a Jewish father. She grew up in Sea Gate, Brooklyn. She was appointed as the student representative to the New York City Board of Education while a student at Edward R. Murrow High School, and later studied public policy at the University of Chicago.
Career
She directed a national campaign to engage college students in the discussion on the future of Social Security for the Pew Charitable Trusts, and served as Director of Public Relations of Teach For America before working as the education advisor to Bronx Borough President Fernando Ferrer.
From 2002 to 2009, Schlesinger led the Drum Major Institute, a think tank founded in 1961 during the American Civil Rights Movement by Harry H. Wachtel. During her tenure as executive director, DMI released several policy papers to national audiences. including: Congress at the Midterm: Their Middle-Class Record and Principles for an Immigration Policy to Strengthen and Expand the American Middle Class. In February 2009, she took leave from that position to work as a policy adviser to the re-election campaign of Mayor of New York City Michael Bloomberg.
She is currently serving as a board member for The New York Women's Foundation.
Publications
Schlesinger's work has been published in New York Newsday, Crains New York Business, the Mississippi Sun Herald, New York Daily News, Alternet.com, Tom Paine.com, New York Sun, Colorlines Magazine, The Chief-Leader, and City Limits Magazine. She is also a contributor to The Huffington Post and is on the Editorial Board at The Nation.
Awards and recognition
Awarded “40 under 40 Rising Star” by Crain's New York Business
Named “35 under 40 Rising Stars, The Next Generation of Political Leaders in New York” by City Hall Newspaper
Recipient of LatinaPAC's Dolores Huerta Award for "making great strides in promoting progress in our community"
Named “Expert of the Week” by Fenton Communications' and the White House Project's "SheSource" program, a project promoting left-wing women policy experts to television and radio.
References
External links
Listing of articles
New York Times interview
Interview by Feministing
American people of Dominican Republic descent
American people of Jewish descent
American women chief executives
People from Sea Gate, Brooklyn
American activists
Student politics
University of Chicago Divinity School alumni
Living people
1976 births
21st-century American women
A ship and a shore establishment of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS Flying Fox, after the racehorse Flying Fox.
was a 24-class sloop launched in 1918. She was transferred to the Royal Naval Reserve in 1920 as a drill ship, and remained in this role until sold for scrapping in 1973.
is the Bristol base of the Royal Naval Reserve. It was originally formed in 1924 aboard the sloop, having previously been aboard the drill ship . It closed as a Reserve unit in 1940, becoming a training centre for Mine Defence Courses until 1945. It reopened as a Reserve unit in 1946, and the name Flying Fox was allocated to the Severn Reserve in 1951. The division moved onshore in 1972, and is currently operational.
Royal Navy ship names
The Women's 50 metre backstroke competition of the 2016 European Aquatics Championships was held on 20 and 21 May 2016.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world, European and championship records were as follows.
Results
Heats
The heats were held on 20 May at 10:57.
Semifinals
The semifinals were held on 20 May at 18:53.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Final
The final was on 21 May at 17:05.
References
Women's 50 metre backstroke
2016 in women's swimming
Peer Gynt is a play by Henrik Ibsen named for its main character, based on the fairy tale Per Gynt.
Peer Gynt may also refer to:
Peer Gynt (Grieg), incidental music to Ibsen's play by Edvard Grieg, commonly performed in two concert suites
Peer Gynt (1998 adaptation), by David Henry Hwang and Stephan Muller
Peer Gynt (opera), a 1938 opera by Werner Egk
Peer Gynt, a ballet by John Neumeier set to music by Alfred Schnittke
Peer Gynt Sculpture Park, in Oslo, Norway
Peer Gynt (mountainroad), a tourist mountain road in Norway
Peer Gynt Prize, an annual award since 1971
Peer Gynt (1915 film), a 1915 American fantasy silent film
Peer Gynt (1918 film)
Peer Gynt (1919 film), a 1919 German silent film
Peer Gynt (1934 film), a 1934 German drama film
Peer Gynt (1941 film)
See also
Per Gynt, the fairy tale upon which the play Peer Gynt is based
Peer Günt, a Finnish hard rock band
Free! is an anime series produced by Kyoto Animation and Animation Do centered on the fictional Iwatobi High School Swim Club, with its first season premiering in 2013. Music for the series is published by Lantis. Since the series' premiere, the show has released 3 extended plays, 7 soundtrack albums, 6 audio drama albums, and 7 radio albums. In addition, 23 singles (8 A-side and 15 character) were released for the series.
The soundtrack is primarily composed by Tatsuya Kato. The show's opening theme songs were performed by Oldcodex. The ending theme songs were performed by Style Five, a tie-in group consisting of Nobunaga Shimazaki, Tatsuhisa Suzuki, Tsubasa Yonaga, Daisuke Hirakawa, and Mamoru Miyano, the voice actors for the main characters of the show (respectively Haruka, Makoto, Nagisa, Rei, and Rin).
Albums
Extended plays
Soundtrack albums
Audio drama albums
Radio albums
Singles
A-side singles
Character singles
Other charted songs
Notes
References
Anime soundtracks
Film and television discographies
Pseudatteria ardoris is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Peru.
The length of the forewings is about 14 mm. The forewings are deep reddish orange, white at the costa and termen. The markings are black, formed by numerous spots and streaks with a slight bluish or violet luster. The hindwings are concolorous with the forewings but without white.
References
Moths described in 1966
Pseudatteria
Moslemabad () may refer to:
Moslemabad, Fars
Moslemabad, Hamadan
Moslemabad, Isfahan
Moslemabad, Markazi
Moslemabad, Mazandaran
Moslemabad, Nishapur, Razavi Khorasan Province
Moslemabad, Sabzevar, Razavi Khorasan Province
Georg Wilhelm Pabst (25 August 1885 – 29 May 1967) was an Austrian film director and screenwriter. He started as an actor and theater director, before becoming one of the most influential German-language filmmakers during the Weimar Republic.
Early years
Pabst was born in Raudnitz, Bohemia, Austria-Hungary (today's Roudnice nad Labem, Czech Republic), the son of a railroad official. While growing up in Vienna, he studied drama at the Academy of Decorative Arts and initially began his career as a stage actor in Switzerland, Austria and Germany. In 1910, Pabst traveled to the United States, where he worked as an actor and director at the German Theater in New York City.
In 1914, he decided to become a director, and he returned to recruit actors in Europe. Pabst was in France when World War I began, he was arrested and held as an enemy alien and interned in a prisoner-of-war camp near Brest. While imprisoned, Pabst organised a theatre group at the camp and directed French-language plays. Upon his release in 1919, he returned to Vienna, where he became director of the Neue Wiener Bühne, an avant-garde theatre.
Career
Pabst began his career as a film director at the behest of Carl Froelich who hired Pabst as an assistant director. He directed his first film, The Treasure, in 1923. He developed a talent for "discovering" and developing the talents of actresses, including Greta Garbo, Asta Nielsen, Louise Brooks, and Leni Riefenstahl.
Pabst's best known films concern the plight of women, including The Joyless Street (1925) with Greta Garbo and Asta Nielsen, Secrets of a Soul (1926) with Lili Damita, The Loves of Jeanne Ney (1927) with Brigitte Helm, and Pandora's Box (1929) and Diary of a Lost Girl (1929) with American actress Louise Brooks. He also co-directed with Arnold Fanck a mountain film entitled The White Hell of Pitz Palu (1929) starring Leni Riefenstahl.
After the coming of sound, he made a trilogy of films that secured his reputation: Westfront 1918 (1930), The Threepenny Opera (1931) with Lotte Lenya (based on the Bertolt Brecht and Kurt Weill musical), and Kameradschaft (1931). Pabst also filmed three versions of Pierre Benoit's novel L'Atlantide in 1932, in German, English, and French, titled Die Herrin von Atlantis, The Mistress of Atlantis, and L'Atlantide, respectively. In 1933, Pabst directed Don Quixote, once again in German, English, and French versions.
After making A Modern Hero (1934) in the USA and Street of Shadows (1937) in France, Pabst (who was planning to emigrate to the United States) was caught in France in 1939, when war was declared, whilst visiting his mother, and was forced to return to Nazi Germany. Under the auspices of propaganda minister, Josef Goebbels, Pabst made two films in Germany during this period: The Comedians (1941) and Paracelsus (1943).
Pabst directed four opera productions in Italy in 1953: La forza del destino for the Maggio Musicale Fiorentino in Florence (conducted by Dimitri Mitropoulos, the cast included Renata Tebaldi, Fedora Barbieri, Mario del Monaco, Aldo Protti, Cesare Siepi), and a few weeks later, for the Arena di Verona Festival, a spectacular Aïda, with Maria Callas in the title role (conducted by Tullio Serafin, with del Monaco), Il trovatore and again La forza del destino.
He directed The Last Ten Days (1955), the first post-war German feature film to feature Adolf Hitler as a character.
Death
On 29 May 1967, Pabst died in Vienna at the age of 81. He was interred at the Zentralfriedhof in Vienna.
Awards
1941, Venice Film Festival: Gold Medal of the Biennale for Best Director for his film The Comedians
Filmography
The Treasure (1923)
Countess Donelli (1924)
Joyless Street (1925)
Secrets of a Soul (1926)
One Does Not Play with Love (1926)
The Love of Jeanne Ney (1927)
The Devious Path (1928)
Pandora's Box (1929)
Diary of a Lost Girl (1929)
The White Hell of Pitz Palu (dir. Arnold Fanck, 1929)
Westfront 1918 (1930)
Scandalous Eva (1930)
Morals at Midnight (dir. Marc Sorkin, 1930)
The Threepenny Opera (1931) two versions: German and French
Kameradschaft (1931)
L'Atlantide (1932) three versions: German, French, and English
Don Quixote (1933) three versions: German, French, and English
High and Low (1933)
Cette nuit-là (1933)
A Modern Hero (1934)
Street of Shadows (1937)
The Shanghai Drama (1938)
Girls in Distress (1939)
The Comedians (1941)
Paracelsus (1943)
Der Fall Molander (1945)
The Trial (1948)
Mysterious Shadows (1949)
Duel with Death (1949)
Call Over the Air (dir. Georg C. Klaren, 1951)
Voice of Silence (1953)
Cose da pazzi (1953)
The Confession of Ina Kahr (1954)
The Last Ten Days (1955)
Jackboot Mutiny (1955)
Ballerina (1956)
Through the Forests and Through the Trees (1956)
See also
Max Deutsch, composer
References
Notes
Further reading
Amengual, Barthélémy. G.W. Pabst. Paris, Seghers, 1966
Atwell, Lee. G.W. Pabst. Boston, Twayne Publishers, 1977
Baxter, John. "G.W. Pabst" in International Directory of Films and Filmmakers. Chicago, 1990. pp. 376–378
Groppali, Enrico. Georg W. Pabst. Firenze, La Nuova Italia, 1983
Jacobsen, Wolfgang (ed.) G.W. Pabst. Berlin, Argen, 1997
Kagelmann, Andre and Keiner, Reinhold. "Lässig beginnt der Tod, Mensch und Tier zu ernten: Überlegungen zu Ernst Johannsens Roman Vier von der Infanterie und G. W. Pabsts Film Westfront 1918" in Johannsen, Eric; Kassell (ed.) Vier von der Infanterie. Ihre letzen Tage an der Westfront 1918. Media Net-Edition, 2014. S. 80-113.
Kracauer, Siegfried. De Caligari à Hitler. Une histoire psychologique du cinéma allemand, Paris, Flammarion, 1987
Mitry, Jean. Histoire du cinéma: Art et industrie (5 volumes) Paris, Editions Universitaires – J.P. Delarge, 1967–1980
Rentschler, Eric (ed.) The Films of G.W. Pabst. An extraterritorial cinema. New Brunswick, Rutgers University Press, 1990
Pabst, Georg Wilhelm. "Servitude et grandeur de Hollywood" in Le rôle intellectuel du cinéma, Paris, SDN-Institut International de Coopération Intellectuelle, 1937. pp. 251–255
Van den Berghe, Marc. La mémoire impossible. Westfront 1918 de G.W. Pabst. Grande Guerre, soldats, automates. Le film et sa problématique vus par la 'Petite Illustration' (1931), Bruxelles, 200
External links
"The Other Eye", Filmessay on G.W.Pabst, by Hannah Heer & Werner Schmiedel (A/USA 1991/92)
1885 births
1967 deaths
20th-century Austrian male actors
Austrian film directors
Austrian male stage actors
Austrian theatre directors
Burials at the Vienna Central Cemetery
English-language film directors
French-language film directors
Male actors from Vienna
Mountaineering film directors
Austrian opera directors
People from Roudnice nad Labem
Silent film directors
World War I prisoners of war held by France
Austro-Hungarian prisoners of war in World War I
20th-century Austrian screenwriters
20th-century Austrian male writers
Jared MacLeod (born 3 April 1980 in Winnipeg, Manitoba) is a Canadian athlete specializing in the high hurdles. He won the silver at the 2005 Summer Universiade.
His outdoor 110 meters hurdles personal best is 13.54 from 2005. His indoor 60 meters personal best is 7.70 (2006).
He currently sits on the Athletics Canada Board of Directors as an Athlete Representative.
Competition record
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
Canadian male hurdlers
Universiade medalists in athletics (track and field)
Athletes from Winnipeg
Universiade silver medalists for Canada
Athletes (track and field) at the 2006 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games competitors for Canada
Athletes (track and field) at the 2007 Pan American Games
Pan American Games track and field athletes for Canada
World Athletics Championships athletes for Canada
Medalists at the 2005 Summer Universiade
Whitley County is a county located in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 36,712. Its county seat is at Williamsburg, though the largest city is Corbin, and the county's District Court (a trial court of limited jurisdiction) sits in both cities. Whitley County is included in the London, KY Micropolitan Statistical Area.
History
The area now encompassed by Kentucky's Whitley County was first bounded in 1772, when all of what is now the state of Kentucky was in the frontier county of Fincastle County, Virginia. Fincastle was divided in 1776, with the western portion named Kentucky County, Virginia. In 1780, Virginia set aside all land in Kentucky County for soldiers who had served in the Revolutionary War. Kentucky County was divided into 3 counties, Jefferson, Fayette, and Lincoln. Lincoln County was divided in 1799, with part of becoming Knox County. On January 17, 1818, the Legislature removed the southwest portion of Knox to create a separate subdivision, named Whitley County.
In 1912, some of the previous Whitley area was partitioned off to create McCreary County.
The new county was given the name of Whitley in honor of William Whitley, noted pioneer and Indian fighter. In the years prior to 1818, many skirmishes were fought between Indians and hunters and trappers in the area. Colonel William Whitley, is famous locally for fighting many of these battles within the area, safeguarding the Wilderness Road, as well as for his service in the War of 1812, where he was killed at the Battle of the Thames. The county seat, Williamsburg, is also named for Colonel Whitley, with the first court held at the home of the town's earliest resident, Samuel Cox.
Thomas Walker was the first known white man to see Whitley County. His expedition began in 1750. During his passage he named the Cumberland River, after the Duke of Cumberland. The estimated population of Whitley County in 1818 was 500. It had increased to 7,522 by 1860; that number includes 186 slaves. Extension of a railroad spur into Whitley County (1883) provided significant impetus to its continued growth. Industry began to flourish - primarily lumber mills and coal mines. The Whitley County courthouse burned in 1931. It was replaced with federal funding.
Its rugged terrain, densely forested woodlands, and a history of conflict with local Indian tribes all combined to make for a very slow rate of growth in Whitley County. The development of the coal mining industry in the area towards the late 1800s spurred on population growth as poor families from neighboring states rushed into the county and led to the formation of Corbin, still the largest city in Whitley County.
North Corbin, just north of Whitley County is home to Sanders Cafe, which is the birthplace of Kentucky Fried Chicken. It was founded there by Harland David Sanders, better known as Colonel Sanders, in 1930.
Law and government
The current elected officials of Whitley County are:
County Judge/Executive: Pat White Jr.
County Magistrate: Scotty Harrison
County Magistrate: David Myers
County Magistrate: Jamie Fuson
County Magistrate: Robbie Brown
County Attorney: Don R. Moses
County Coroner: Andy Croley
County Treasurer: Jeffrey Gray
County Sheriff: Colan Harrell
County Surveyor: Robert Moses
Property Valuation Administrator: Ronnie Moses
County Clerk: Kay Schwartz
Circuit Court Clerk: Gary Barton
In congress Whitley county is served by Hal Rogers of the 5th congressional district.
Whitley County is a historically Republican county, and part of the pro-union bloc of southern Kentucky. Although it does not match the nearby counties of Clay, Leslie, Jackson, Owsley, Monroe and the newer McCreary (all originally formed from Whitley) in having never voted Democratic, the only Democrats who have carried the county were Woodrow Wilson in 1912 (when the Republican Party was bitterly divided) and Lyndon Baines Johnson over Barry Goldwater in 1964, with Goldwater losing by three votes.
Public corruption
From 2009 to 2011, young journalist Adam Sulfridge and his editor Samantha Swindler of the Times-Tribune (Corbin, KY) worked to expose corruption in the Whitley County Sheriff's Department. Then-Sheriff Lawrence "Larry" Hodge (R) was first elected in 2002. Sheriff Hodge built his reputation as a tough crime fighter, but most residents did not know the Sheriff accepted money in exchange for allowing defendants to walk free. Sheriff Hodge also stole seized firearms and drug evidence, according to the Times-Tribune and affidavits filed by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives.
On November 8, 2010 (while he was still Sheriff), a Whitley County grand jury returned a 21-count indictment against Hodge. He remained Sheriff until the end of 2010, as he was defeated in the Republican Party primary earlier in the year (May) in a landslide by Colan Harrell, who won in the general election in November. In the late spring of 2011, Hodge appeared in United States District Court for the Eastern District of Kentucky in London and pleaded to an 'information.' That summer, Hodge was sentenced to 15.5 years in federal prison for drug trafficking, money laundering and extorting persons arrested by his department (with Williamsburg attorney Ronnie "Ron" W. Reynolds, who was sentenced to three years in federal prison for his part in the crimes). Kentucky state auditors determined at least $200,000 had been stolen or was otherwise missing from Sheriff Hodge's official accounts.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.6%) is water.
Whitley County is located within the Cumberland Plateau of southeastern Kentucky, which is greatly overlapped by the broad Eastern Coal Field region of the state. Because of its location in the midst of Cumberland Mountains, elevations in the county range from to above sea level. of western Whitley County are preserved within the Daniel Boone National Forest. Cumberland Falls, in Cumberland Falls State Resort Park, is the largest waterfall in Kentucky. Both Daniel Boone Forest and Cumberland Falls State Park are operated by the Kentucky State Parks system, also located in the county. The county contains two regionally significant waterways, the Laurel and Cumberland rivers.
Geographic features
Cumberland Falls
Cumberland Plateau
Cumberland River
Jellico Mountain
Laurel River
Laurel River Lake
Adjacent counties
Laurel County - north
Knox County - northeast
Bell County - east
Claiborne County, Tennessee - southeast
Campbell County, Tennessee - south
McCreary County - west
National protected area
Daniel Boone National Forest (part)
Transportation
Major highways
Interstate 75
U.S. Route 25W
Kentucky Route 11
Kentucky Route 26
Kentucky Route 90
Kentucky Route 92
Kentucky Route 312
Kentucky Route 904
Airport
KBYL, Williamsburg-Whitley County Airport
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 35,865 people, 13,780 households, and 9,894 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 15,288 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 98.37% White, 0.34% Black or African American, 0.23% Native American, 0.20% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.09% from other races, and 0.76% from two or more races. 0.69% of the population were Hispanics or Latinos of any race.
There were 13,780 households, out of which 33.70% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.90% were married couples living together, 13.00% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.20% were non-families. 25.20% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.01.
The age distribution was 25.80% under 18, 10.80% from 18 to 24, 27.30% from 25 to 44, 23.20% from 45 to 64, and 12.90% who were 65 or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.30 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.60 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $22,075, and the median income for a family was $27,871. Males had a median income of $26,518 versus $17,001 for females. The per capita income for the county was $12,777. About 21.60% of families and 26.40% of the population were below the poverty line, including 34.10% of those under age 18 and 19.00% of those age 65 or over.
Economy
Whitley County's economy has always relied heavily on its natural resources, particularly coal and timber from the area's heavily forested, mountainous terrain. Due to the rough territory created by the Cumberland Mountains, agriculture in the county has historically been less significant, although tobacco and corn are grown in some areas.
Education
K-12
Three public school districts serve the county:
Whitley County School District
The largest of the three districts, it serves the county outside of the cities of Corbin and Williamsburg.
Williamsburg Independent School District
Serves the city of Williamsburg with a single K-12 school.
Corbin Independent School District
Serves the entire city of Corbin, making it one of the few districts in Kentucky whose boundaries cross county lines.
Colleges and universities
The University of the Cumberlands (formerly known as Cumberland College), located in Williamsburg, is the largest private university in Kentucky, and the only university with its main campus in Whitley County. The school's sports teams play on the NAIA level and provide college level sporting events for the local community.
In addition, Eastern Kentucky University maintains a branch campus in the Whitley County portion of Corbin just outside Woodbine.
Alcohol sales
Whitley County, which had historically been dry, is now officially classified by the state as a moist county - sale of alcohol in the county is prohibited except in certain areas as voted on by the residents of the area, including at least one area of the county allowing full retail alcohol sales. In Whitley County, the areas that permit alcohol sales are:
The city of Corbin voted in February 2012 to allow full retail alcohol sales in the city limits after voting in 2006 to allow by the drink alcohol sales in qualifying restaurants.
The city of Williamsburg voted in June 2016 to allow full retail alcohol sales in the city limits after voting in 2012 to allow by the drink alcohol sales in qualifying restaurants.
Communities
Cities
Corbin (partly in Knox County)
Williamsburg (county seat)
Census-designated places
Emlyn
Pleasant View
Rockholds
Mountain Ash
Unincorporated communities
Canada Town
Carpenter
Gatliff
Goldbug
Julip
Packard
Piney Grove
Saxton
Siler
Wofford
Woodbine
Yaden
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Whitley County, Kentucky
References
External links
The Kentucky Highlands Project
Kentucky counties
London, Kentucky micropolitan area
Counties of Appalachia
1818 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1818
Denis Charvet (born 12 May 1962 in Cahors) is a former French rugby union player. He played as a centre.
Denis Charvet played for Stade Toulousain and Racing Club de France. He earned his first national cap on March 1, 1986 against Wales at Cardiff. He played all the five games at the 1987 Rugby World Cup, where France lost the final to New Zealand by 29-9.
Honours
Grand Slam : 1987
French rugby champion, 1985, 1986, 1989 with Stade Toulousain
Challenge Yves du Manoir1988 with Stade Toulousain
External links
1962 births
Living people
French rugby union players
Stade Toulousain players
France international rugby union players
Rugby union centres
People from Cahors
Sportspeople from Lot (department)
Stade Français players
Racing 92 players
The Southern Comfort is the fifth album by Emil Bulls, released on June 20, 2005. Singles from this album were "Newborn" then "Revenge". It is their first release with Fabian Fuess playing the drums. DJ Zamzoe (Paul Rzyttka) is featured on the record but not as part of the band as he had previously left the band to pursue other projects.
Track listing
All lyrics by Christoph von Freydorf.
All songs were written by Emil Bulls and DJ Zamzoe, except where noted.
"The Southern Comfort" - 0:44
"Revenge" - 3:53
"Ignorance Is Bliss" (Christoph von Freydorf) - 4:24
"Newborn" (von Freydorf) - 3:59
"A Southern Lullaby" (James Richardson) - 1:02
"These Are The Days" - 3:45
"Wolves" (von Freydorf) - 3:43
"At Fleischberg's" - 3:43
"Magnificent Lies" (Richardson) - 3:39
"Mongoose" (von Freydorf) - 4:51
"Bachham" - 4:20
"Friday Night" - 4:11
"Underground" - 5:52
"Swoin-Soo" (Hidden Bonus Track) - 4:02
Digitally Purchasable Bonus Songs
These songs are only available through online stores and do not appear on any cd version of the album.
"No Chucks" - 4:34
"Dog Days" - 3:33
Personnel
Christoph von Freydorf – vocals, guitar
James Richardson – bass (credited as Citnoh)
Fabian Fuess – drums
Stephan Karl – guitar (credited as M-Oikal)
Christian Schneider – guitar (credited as Ricky Glam)
Paul Rzyttka – Deejay (credited as DJ Zamzoe)
Hans Tauscheck – string & piano arrangements (on "At Fleischberg's", "Mongoose" and "Friday Night")
Dominik Hofmann – trombone (on "The Southern Comfort")
Klaus Scheuermann – producer, mixer
Roger Lian – mastering
J. Reich – photography
Stephan Hefring – artwork
References
2005 albums
Emil Bulls albums
The flag of Riga is one of the official symbols of Riga, along with the coat of arms of Riga.
Design
The regulation on the flag of Riga, standard of the City Council chairman of Riga, and the flagship pennant of Riga, on the Riga City Council Binding Regulations No.181, states that :
Flag of Riga
The flag of Riga is divided into equal parts, with blue at the top and white at the bottom.
The color ratio of the flag is 1:1.
The ratio of the width and length of the flag is 1:2.
The greater coat of arms of Riga on the flag is placed in the middle of the flag and depicted on the obverse and reverse sides of the flag, which is 2/5 of the width of the flag
For example, if the flag's dimensions are 1x2 m and 1.5x3 m; the heights of the coats of arms are 40 cm and 60 cm respectively.
Standard of the City Council chairman of Riga
The standard of the chairman of the Riga City Council is based on white fabric with 2 cm wide blue borders.
On both sides of the white square is the greater coat of arms of Riga.
The coat of arms on the standard is 2/5 of the total standard's height.
The standard dimensions are 30 cm long and 15 cm wide.
Flagship pennant of Riga
The flagship of Riga city flag is a trapezoidal fabric ribbon corresponding to the colors and color proportions of the Riga city flag.
Colours
The colours of the flag and the coat of arms is regulated in the Riga City Council Binding Regulations No.181.
Flag
Coat of arms
Regulation on the flagpole
The flag base's color is white. The upper end of the flagpole is flat, rounded, several centimeters larger than the diameter of the stem. The upper end of the chest may also be a decorative tapered, spherical, elliptical tip or cap, in which two crossed keys are represented.
Usage
The flag should be used free of charge by the person on the buildings in the administrative territory of Riga without the permission of the Symbolic Commission. The flag is permanently placed at the Riga City Council, the Riga City Municipality Administration and other buildings of the Riga City Municipality.
The flag is prohibited for use:
at buildings in an emergency condition;
at buildings for which the facade is being repaired;
in a damaged or faded condition.
The flag can be used for representational and decorative purposes, maintaining proportions of certain length, width and color.
The flag is used on a flag-scale basis, meaning that the display of the flag should maintain the color and length-width ratio.
It is forbidden to use the flag pennant of Riga on buildings facades.
Persons who use the flag for commercial purposes must obtain from the Symbolic Commission a permission, as for the usage of the symbols of Riga.
History
For the first time, the flag of Riga was mentioned in 1232 (in the book vexillum civitatis Rigensis), but its color and form are not known. After Riga joining the Hanseatic League in 1282 sources mention that the flag of Riga ships has a white cross, but the shape and color of the flag are not indicated (in the beginning of the 14th century it was known that Riga had a black flag with a white cross). After 1582, the flag of Riga was white with a red coat of arms of the city, while in the middle 17th century, thanks to the city's heroism defending against Muscovite troops, the king of Sweden assigned his royal colors to Riga: a blue flag with a yellow cross, with in the center of the cross two keys were crossed on the red shield. The flag was used until 1860.
The blue-white flag of Riga, which was used today, was created in 1673, when it was approved in the statutes of Riga - blue and white bands in rectangular shape, with the coat of arms of Riga in the center. The flag was used along with the flag given by the Swedish king.
From the 1900s until 1917, a new tricolor flag with equal blue, red and white bands was approved for Riga.
During the 1920s the blue-white flag of Riga was restored, and officially approved on 4 May 1937 until 1940.
During the era of Soviet Latvia, Riga adopted a new flag, with different obverse and reverse side of the flag. The obverse side of the flag consisted of Lenin's portrait with a laurel branch and the inscription "Workers of the world, unite!" in Latvian. The reverse side of the flag consisted of the coat of arms of the Latvian SSR, and the inscription "Riga City" in both Latvian and Russian.
Current flag
The current flag, the blue-white flag was restored in 1995. The flag consisted of a horizontal bicolour of blue and white, with the coat of arms of Riga in the middle.
Gallery
References
Riga
Culture in Riga
History of Riga
Flags displaying animals
The 2017–18 season is Liverpool Ladies Football Club's 29th season of competitive football and its eighth season in the FA Women's Super League and at the top level of English women's football, being one of the league's foundation clubs.
Following a reorganisation of top-level women's football in England, the 2017–18 season was the first after the FA WSL shifted its calendar to match the traditional autumn-to-spring axis of football in Europe.
First team
Last updated on 19 February 2018
New contracts
Transfers and loans
Transfers in
Transfers out
Loans in
Loans out
Pre-season
Toulouse International Ladies Cup
Competitions
Women's Super League
Results summary
Results by matchday
Matches
FA Cup
FA WSL Cup
Group stage
Knock-out rounds
Appearances and goals
Players without any appearance are not included.
|-
|colspan="14"|Goalkeepers:
|-
|-
|colspan="14"|Defenders:
|-
|-
|colspan="14"|Midfielders:
|-
|-
|colspan="14"|Forwards:
|-
|-
|colspan="14"|Players who left the club during the season:
|-
|-
Honours
FA WSL 1 Player of the Month: Bethany England, January 2018.
References
2017-18
Kenneth George Mills (January 25, 1923 – October 8, 2004) was a Canadian metaphysical/philosophical speaker and author. An exponent of the oral tradition, he gave spontaneous lectures and poetry for over 37 years. At the same time, he became noted for his accomplishments in music, particularly as the conductor of the choral ensemble The Star-Scape Singers. He excelled at composing, painting and design and has been described by some as a New Age man, a man for all seasons, and a Renaissance man.
Life
Mills was born in St. Stephen, New Brunswick in January 1923. He attended Mount Allison University in Sackville, New Brunswick. Trained from the age of 7 in music, he became a concert pianist, with debuts in Toronto in 1952 and New York City in 1961. Though he chose to end his career as a concert pianist in 1963, he concentrated on teaching piano and adjudicating young musicians for another ten years. Living in Toronto, he began speaking spontaneously to those who requested that he do so, ultimately offering many thousands of hours of metaphysical/philosophical lectures and meetings over his lifetime.
Mills extended his musical interests in 1976 when he formed the a cappella vocal ensemble The Star-Scape Singers. He and his singers would eventually give concerts throughout Eastern and Western Europe and the United States. Mills also engaged in musical composition, creating both choral and orchestral works. In addition, he explored various types of designing, and in 1993 created a line of haute couture fashions. His interest in painting yielded more than 200 large canvases. He was recognized for mentoring and sponsorship of artists in all these disciplines, and he continued his mentoring and spontaneous speaking until shortly before his death in October 2004.
Spontaneous lectures
In 1964, Mills decided to speak about his inner experiences, but only if asked to do so. He made this agreement after he received the same message from two different sources: "You must learn to speak the Word again." Then, people began seeking him out - sometimes arriving unexpectedly on his doorstep - asking about their deepest questions and concerns. Mills found himself speaking spontaneously to these seekers. When their number became too large to speak with individually, Mills began giving lectures. He defined his spontaneous speaking, which he called Unfoldment, as "an impromptu performance under the impelling of divine ideas. It is a projection from another dimension or plane of consciousness, causing those prepared to hear to awaken to the higher or greater possibilities of living beyond the limits of three dimensions and translating what seems to be the ordinary into another level of consideration." He also often spoke in poetry, offering some 3,000 extemporaneous poems during his lifetime.
Many of Mills' spontaneous lectures were recorded and transcribed. Ultimately, a number of them were gathered together and published as books or as spoken word recordings, described by one reviewer as offering metaphysical ideas which are "provocative and deeply inspiring." A reviewer of one of his poetry books observed that Mills' universal themes "revolve around wonder, light and love," while an endorsement on another of his books described Mills as having fun with the language and the sounds of words. It has also been pointed out that Mills' lectures and books "give a universal, metaphysical perspective on some of the most perplexing problems faced by men and women today."
In 1989, the Earth-Stage Actors, a New York City–based ensemble, began to dramatize excerpts from Mills' publications. Critics have called these dramatizations "a theatre of philosophy" and "modern-day Shakespeare."
Music
Mills' philosophy always possessed for him strong musical implications. "The purpose of Music is to reveal to man his innate at-one-ment with a harmonic state of Being", he said. When three singers (from the vocal group The Free Design) asked him for help with their voices in 1976, Mills soon found himself re-engaging the world of concertizing. Within a short time, the three singers were joined by seven others, and the a cappella vocal ensemble he called The Star-Scape Singers was formed. These singers were ultimately acclaimed in the United States and abroad as creators of a renaissance in choral art.
Star-Scape made their American debut at Carnegie Hall in 1981, ultimately performing seven different concerts there between 1981 and 1986. New York City critics described them as "an instrument of bright and extraordinary varied capacity" and "a vocal ensemble of rare distinction." In 1983, the Singers embarked upon their first tour to Europe, performing at several large choral festivals, and on subsequent tours at many of the great halls and cathedrals of both Western and Eastern Europe. One critic in Munich described their work with Mills as "phenomenal, artistic, one-of-a-kind vocal art." Mills and the ensemble made a total of seven lengthy European and Soviet tours. While on tour in 1984, they were asked to make a recording for broadcast on Radio Vatican, inaugurating the World Year of Music in 1985. One of their performances of The Fire Mass, considered the ensemble's major work, at Roy Thomson Hall in Toronto was broadcast nationwide by the (Canadian Broadcasting Corporation) in 1988. On their tour to the then-USSR in 1991, Mills and the Singers led the first non-military Victory Day Parade down Gorky Street in Moscow.
Mills co-composed or arranged over 150 pieces for the Star-Scape repertoire in collaboration with composer Christopher Dedrick. In 1996, Mills began composing spontaneous orchestral works, using four MIDI keyboards plus foot pedals to capture his instantaneous compositions. Critics have credited him with bridging the classical and new age genres. His goal was to approximate the sounds of real instruments as closely as possible with the keyboards, and in 2002 a CD of several of his orchestral compositions, titled Majestic Tonescape, was released, performed by musicians from the Toronto Symphony Orchestra.
Other endeavors
In February 1993, Mills began to draw and paint for the first time. He soon became a prolific painter of large canvasses, creating more than 200 in less than three years. Most of his paintings depict huge flowers or otherworldly landscapes, and they have been recognized for the bold use of color and their energy. The paintings have been exhibited in both Canada and the U.S., and some are found in private collections.
Mills also ventured into the realm of fashion design. Ultimately, he created an elegant line of haute couture fashions, Moulins Originales, many of which were debuted in a fashion show titled The Integrity of Elegance. This showing was captured on a pioneering high-definition television recording at New York City's Ed Sullivan Theater in February 1993. Another showing of Mills' designs occurred at the Design Exchange in Toronto during the PRIME Mentors' 10th Anniversary Celebration, in 1997.
Recognition
At the gala banquet of the MedArt International 1992 World Congress, a gathering of physicians and artists who specialize in bringing the arts to medicine, Mills was presented with a Special Recognition Award "for the outstanding healing power of his art" (i.e. his music).
A lifelong supporter of the arts, Mills founded Patrons of Wisdom in 1980, a non-profit organization that supported and encouraged young classical musicians and artists. In recognition of his continuous support of deserving individuals and "for being an exemplary mentor and for serving as a role model par excellence whom society could look up to for inspiration and guidance," he was chosen Honorary PRIME Mentor of Canada in April 1997.
In 1998, Mills was awarded an honorary doctorate of Humanities from Wolfe's University. That same year, the Senate of Canada recognized Mills with their Award of Excellence "for outstanding achievement in humanity, education, philosophy and arts."
Works
Lectures
Books
Question and Answer Encounters with Kenneth G. Mills (2008)
The Candy Maker's Son: the memoirs of Kenneth G. Mills (2007)
The Cornucopia of Substance (2004)
Change Your Standpoint ~ Change Your World (1996)
Tyranny of Love (1995)
The Key: Identity (1994)
The Golden Nail (1993)
A Word Fitly Spoken (1980)
The New Land! Conscious Experience Beyond Horizons (1978)
Given to Praise! An Array of Provocative Metaphysical-Philosophical Utterances (1976)
Recordings
Renaissance Man Kenneth G. Mills (2009)
The Key: Identity (2006– )
The Golden Nail (2003–2005)
Change Your Standpoint ~ Change Your World (2001–2003)
The New Land! (2001)
Freedom Is Found (1991)
The Quickening Spirit of Radiance (1990)
Near to the Fire (1979)
The Seal of Approval (1979)
The Newness of the Unchanging (1978)
The Beauty Unfoldment (1977)
Given to Praise! (1976)
Aphorisms
Food for No Thought, Vols. I and II (1999, 2000) ,
Poetry
Words of Adjustment (1998)
The Tonal Garment of the Word (recording) (1995, 2002)
Embellishments (1986)
Anticipations (1980)
Surprises (1980)
Flame on the Hearth (recording) (1978, 2001)
Given to Praise: The Spontaneous Poetry of Kenneth G. Mills (recording) (1976)
Music
Instrumental compositions
Majestic ToneScape (2002)
Promethean Fire (2000)
Arrival of the Unexpected (1998)
Let Robots Melt (1997)
Choral recordings conducting The Star-Scape Singers
Greatest Hits, Vols. 1 and 2 (2001, 2003)
Tonal Persuasions, Vols. I and II (1993, 1994)
The Song – The Heart of Christmas (1990)
The Fire Mass (1990)
A Sound Voyage (1986)
The Heraldic Message (1985)
Rapture of Freedom (1984)
Rhapsody of Song (1984)
Star-Scape Over Europe, Vols. 1, 2, and 3 (1983)
The Sound of a Star (1982)
Love Clothes the Jungle (1981)
Sing Unto Me a New Song (1980)
Watch! (1980)
Sing Those Wonderful Words (1979)
Alive at Ontanaka! (1978)
On This Rock! (1977)
Dianne Forsyth
Lady on the Landing (1982)
Drama (Earth-Stage Actors)
Coat of Many Colors (1996)
What If You Decided to Be Real? (1989)
Documentaries
The Rapture of Being (1997)
Did You Feel It? (1993)
References
External links
The Kenneth G. Mills Foundation website
1923 births
2004 deaths
20th-century Canadian poets
Canadian male poets
Writers from New Brunswick
Canadian designers
Artists from New Brunswick
People from St. Stephen, New Brunswick
Mount Allison University alumni
20th-century Canadian painters
Canadian male painters
20th-century Canadian male writers
Canadian male non-fiction writers
20th-century Canadian philosophers
20th-century Canadian male artists
Finlayvale is a rural locality in the Shire of Douglas, Queensland, Australia. In the , Finlayvale had a population of 32 people.
Geography
The land in most of the locality is low-lying about or less, but on the western edge of the locality, the land begins to rise sharply towards the ridge of the Great Dividing Range with the south-west of the locality reaching . The locality is bounded by the Mossman River to the south and east.
Finlayvale Road passes through the locality from the north-east (Mossman) to the south-west (Syndicate). The predominant land use is growing sugarcane. There is a cane tramway network to transport the harvested sugarcane to the Mossman Central Mill.
History
The locality was named after the Finlayvale sugar plantation established by pioneers Denis and Teresa O'Brien. Teresa's maiden name was Finlay.
In the , Finlayvale had a population of 32 people.
Education
There are no schools in Finlayvale. The nearest primary and secondary schools are Mossman State School and Mossman State High School in Mossman to the east.
References
Shire of Douglas
Localities in Queensland
Kevin Avery (born June 24, 1957) is an American biographer, short story writer, and editor. Born and raised in Salt Lake City, Utah, he now lives in Brooklyn, New York. His first two books, Everything Is an Afterthought: The Life and Writings of Paul Nelson and Conversations with Clint: Paul Nelson's Lost Interviews with Clint Eastwood, 1979 - 1983, were published within weeks of each other by two different publishers, Fantagraphics Books and Continuum Books, respectively, in 2011.
Early life
Kevin Avery was born and raised in Salt Lake City, Utah.
Career
Prior to publishing his first book, Avery was Vice-President of Yield Management for Motor Cargo, a Western regional transportation company that was acquired by UPS Freight, the Less-Than-Truckload (LTL) trucking division of UPS.
Avery's first published works were short stories, which were published by periodicals including City Weekly, Gallery, Weber Studies, Utah Holiday, California Quarterly, and Mississippi Review.
In 1992, he began writing nonfiction, mainly rock & roll criticism, for CATALYST Magazine, The Event, Penthouse, and Salt Lake magazine. Interview subjects included NBA star Shaquille O'Neal, musical acts Radiohead, Freedy Johnston, Los Lobos, Tori Amos, Moody Blues, Graham Parker, and Sheryl Crow, cartoonist John Callahan, and late impresario Eugene Jelesnik. Avery's music criticism was greatly influenced by the work of Paul Nelson (critic), whose work he'd begun reading as a teenager.
Beginning in 2006, upon learning of Nelson's death, Avery spent four years researching and writing Everything Is an Afterthought: The Life and Writings of Paul Nelson, an anthology-biography compiling some of Nelson's best works while also documenting the critic's tragic life. In addition to interviewing Nelson's friends, family, and fellow critics, Avery interviewed some of the artists about whom Nelson wrote, including Bruce Springsteen, Jackson Browne, Elliott Murphy, Bruce Hornsby, Suzanne Vega, and Rod Stewart.
From 2010 to 2011, Avery edited Conversations with Clint: Paul Nelson's Lost Interviews with Clint Eastwood, 1979 - 1983, compiled from interview tapes with Clint Eastwood found in Paul Nelson's apartment after his death. Critic Robert Christgau called the book, which was published eight weeks before Everything Is an Afterthought, "astonishingly thorough."
In October 2016 he published his third book (his second for Fantagraphics) It's All One Case: The Illustrated Ross Macdonald Archives, editing Paul Nelson's forty hours of interviews with detective writer Ross Macdonald.
He founded Mere Words Media Relations, a boutique public relations firm that provides a full array of affordable publicity services.
Personal life
In 2005, Avery moved to New York City to pursue his writing career, and where in 2006, he got married. He now lives in Brooklyn, New York, with his wife Deborah Avery.
Bibliography
Everything Is an Afterthought: The Life and Writings of Paul Nelson, Fantagraphics Books, 2011.
Conversations with Clint: Paul Nelson's Lost Interviews with Clint Eastwood, 1979 - 1983, Continuum Books, 2011.
Short fiction
"A Daughter Is a Different Matter", Weber Studies, Winter 1994
References
External links
Fantagraphics author page
Continuum author page
Kevin Avery on Kick Out the Jams with Dave Marsh on The Loft (Sirius XM) (radio interview), November 6, 2011
Gallagher, Cullen, "Kevin Avery at Strand Bookstore (11/9/11)," Pulp Serenade
1957 births
Living people
American male short story writers
American short story writers
Writers from Brooklyn
Writers from Salt Lake City
By the Time I Get to Phoenix is an album by Marty Robbins, produced by Bob Johnston and arranged by Robert Mersey. It was released in May 1968 by CBS Records. It reached #8 on the US Country Chart. The song 'Virginia' was released as a single in 1969.
Track listing
"By the Time I Get to Phoenix" (Jimmy Webb)
"Am I That Easy to Forget" (Carl Belew/W.S Stevenson)
"Love Is Blue" (André Popp/Brian Blackburn/Pierre Cour)
"Virginia" (Marty Robbins)
"Until We Meet Again" (Robbins/Robert Mersey)
"Yesterday" (John Lennon/Paul McCartney)
"Love Is in the Air" (Robbins)
"As Time Goes By" (Herman Hupfeld)
"That Old Feeling" (Lew Brown/Sammy Fain)
"To Be in Love with Her" (Robbins)
"You Made Me Love You" (James V. Monaco/Joseph McCarthy)
References
Marty Robbins albums
1968 albums
The College Heights Estates Historic District encompasses 170 contributing buildings in a mid-20th century automobile-centered residential suburban area of University Park, Maryland, and the neighboring unincorporated area of College Heights Estates in Prince George's County. The earliest portions of the area were platted out in 1938, and the area was mostly built out between then and 1960. The area features winding lanes and dead-end roads, with large houses on generously sized lots. Houses built before the Second World War are predominantly Colonial Revival in character, while post-war construction includes a large number of ranch, split-entry, and Cape style houses, although they are generally larger than other similar houses built in other neighborhoods. Also distinguishing the neighborhood from others are a significant number of architect-designed homes.
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2012.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Prince George's County, Maryland
References
External links
, including undated photo, at Maryland Historical Trust website
Historic districts in Prince George's County, Maryland
National Register of Historic Places in Prince George's County, Maryland
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Maryland
Colonial Revival architecture in Maryland
Tudor Revival architecture in Maryland
Houses in Prince George's County, Maryland
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Maryland
Sineqan (, also Romanized as Sīneqān; also known as Sināghūn, Sīnehqān, and Singhan) is a village in Hastijan Rural District, in the Central District of Delijan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 298, in 136 families.
References
Populated places in Delijan County
The 2018 Liga 3 Jakarta is a qualifying round for the national round of 2018 Liga 3. Villa 2000 21 FCs, the winner of the 2017 Liga 3 Jakarta are the defending champions. The competition will begin on July 20, 2018.
Group Stage
The 21 probable teams to compete are mentioned below.
This stage scheduled starts on 21 July 2018.
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Knockout Stage
References
Liga Nusantara
3
Kerala has an urbanisation rate of 47.42%, as compared to the national rate of 31.16%, making it the 2nd most urbanised major state in India. Within Kerala, the rate of urbanisation varied from 3.9% in Wayanad district to 68.1% in Ernakulam district. Municipalities are the urban local governments that deal with civic functions and local development functions in the municipal area. The state of Kerala has 87 municipalities and six municipal corporations. With 13 municipalities, the district of Ernakulam has the most municipalities in the state.
{
"type": "ExternalData",
"service": "geoshape",
"properties": {
"stroke": "#ff0000",
"stroke-width": 1
},
"query": "# Municipalities in Kerala\nSELECT ?id ?idLabel\n(concat('', ?idLabel, '') as ?title)\nWHERE\n{\n?id wdt:P31 wd:Q15284. # is a district\n?id wdt:P131* wd:Q1186. # in Kerala\nSERVICE wikibase:label { bd:serviceParam wikibase:language 'en'}\n}"}
History
The urban councils of Kerala date back to the 17th century when the Dutch Malabar established the municipality of Fort Kochi.
In 1664, the municipality of Fort Kochi was established by Dutch Malabar, making it the first municipality in Indian subcontinent, which got dissolved when the Dutch authority got weaker in 18th century. However, the first modern kind of municipalities were formed in the state in 1866 in Malabar District. In 1866, Fort Kochi municipality was reestablished. Kannur, Thalassery, Kozhikode, Palakkad, and Fort Kochi, which were parts of Malabar District until 1956, were made the first modern municipalities of Kerala on 1 November 1866, according to the Madras Act 10 of 1865 (Amendment of the Improvements in Towns act 1850) of the British Indian Empire.
Enactment of the 74th Constitutional Amendment Act, 1992
The 74th Constitutional Amendment Act, 1992 provided for a national framework for municipal governance in the country, and Kerala has been following that pattern since 1994. Consequent to this amendment, several changes have occurred in the functions, powers, and responsibilities of the municipalities, and the states had to make necessary amendments to the legislation on the local governments in the respective states. The Kerala Municipalities Act of 1994, enacted as per the constitutional amendment, governs the pattern, functions and services of the municipalities in Kerala. The act, which was integrated for the municipalities and corporations in the state, laid out the constitution of the town panchayats, municipal councils, and municipal corporations.
Prior to this, the urban areas of Kerala were governed by the following acts, which were repealed when the Kerala Municipality Act, 1994 was introduced:
Kerala Municipalities Act, 1960
Kerala Municipal Corporations Act, 1961
Guruvayur Township Act, 1960
Hence, instead of having separate acts for municipal corporations and other types of municipal bodies, from 1994 Kerala has the same act to govern all its municipal bodies. Since then, the structure of municipal bodies has essentially remained the same, even though the urban areas have multiplied. The 74th amendment to the Constitution of India resulted in increased roles for the municipalities in every state in India, where they have been perceived to be great contributors to the social and economic development of the country, as they are the level of government that is closest to the citizens.
Structure
The Kerala Municipality Act 1994 envisage creation of three kinds of urban local governments
Town panchayats for transitional areas.
Municipalities for less urbanised areas and
Municipal corporations for more urbanised areas.
Kerala has not created any town panchayats so far.
Functions
The functions of the Municipalities are enlisted as schedule appended to Kerala Municipality Act. The functions can be divided into civic functions and development functions in areas of agriculture, industry, health, education etc.
Functionaries
Chairperson is the executive authority of the municipalities. Elected councillors and officers are the other functionaries. Two types of officers now exist – officers belonging to the municipality as full-time officers and officers transferred to the municipality from the state government. H
Ward committees
The Kerala Municipality Act, 1994 mandates the establishment of ward committees in each ward of the municipality. In case the municipality has less than one lakh population, then every person from the ward on the electoral roll becomes a member of the committee. In case the population of the municipality is more than one lakh, then the following become the members of the ward committee:
the Councillor of the ward;
fifteen persons to be elected in the manner prescribed, from among the members of the resident's association of that Ward, which are registered in the Municipality;
twenty members to be elected in the manner prescribed from among the members of the registered neighbourhood groups of that Ward which are registered in the Municipality;
one person each nominated by every political party having representation in the Municipality;
the Heads of all recognised educational institutions functioning in that Ward;
twenty persons nominated jointly by the Chairperson and Councillor of the Ward
In both cases, the local Councillor is the chairperson of the Ward Committee. The Kerala Municipality (Constitution of Ward Committee and Procedure for Meeting) Rules, 1995 provides further rules for the setting up and functioning of these committees. Ward Committees have been set up in Kerala and are regularly cited as a good example of functioning micro level urban governance in India. Ward Committees played an important role in combating the spread of COVID-19 in Kerala.
Municipalities in Kerala
References
External links
Website of Local Self Government Department in Kerala
Local Self Government
See also
Corporations, Municipalities and Taluks of Kerala
Local Governance in Kerala
Municipal Governance in India
Non-Municipal Census Towns in Kerala
Populated places in Kerala
The three-toed parrotbill (Cholornis paradoxus) is a species of parrotbill in the family Paradoxornithidae.
It is endemic to central China.
Its natural habitat is temperate forests.
References
Sources
Robson, C. (2007). Family Paradoxornithidae (Parrotbills) pp. 292–321 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
three-toed parrotbill
Birds of Central China
Endemic birds of China
three-toed parrotbill
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Tommy Grupe (born 29 March 1992) is a German professional footballer who plays VfB Lübeck as a defender.
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Rostock
German footballers
Footballers from Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania
Association football defenders
Germany youth international footballers
2. Bundesliga players
3. Liga players
FC Hansa Rostock players
SC Preußen Münster players
VfB Lübeck players
Shahin Dino was an Albanian politician and diplomat in the Ottoman Empire and independent Albania.
He was born in Preveza in modern Greece during the 19th century to the notable local Dino family. In 1897 he was one of the local volunteer irregulars who defended Preveza during the Greco-Turkish War of 1897 against Greek troops. During the Second Constitutional Era of the Ottoman Empire he was elected deputy of the sanjak of Preveza. After the declaration of independence of Albania he served as Minister of Interior from September 17, 1914 to January 27, 1916.
Sources
19th-century births
20th-century deaths
People from Preveza
Politicians of the Ottoman Empire
Government ministers of Albania
Interior ministers of Albania
Cham Albanians
Shahin
Gummy Song Fetus is a three-track EP consisting of a USB drive embedded inside a gummy fetus. It was first hand-delivered to Love Garden record store in Lawrence, Kansas by Wayne Coyne before its official release date of June 25, 2011, where the early gummy fetuses sold out quickly. Being that the gummy fetuses are smaller than the $150 Gummy Skulls released previously in April 2011, they were originally priced at $30, as opposed to the former's price. Songs were recorded at Tarbox Road Studios in Cassadaga, New York, Steven's computer, Michael's musical M.A.S.H., and Wayne's house in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, March–May 2011.
Track listing
References
The Flaming Lips EPs
Warner Records EPs
2011 EPs
The 1996 Algerian Cup Final was the 32nd final of the Algerian Cup. The final took place on July 5, 1996, at Stade 5 Juillet 1962 in Algiers. MC Oran beat USM Blida 1-0 to win their 4th Algerian Cup.
Road to final
Pre-match
Details
References
Cup
Algeria
Algerian Cup Finals
Frank Aasand (July 27, 1949 – January 15, 2019) was an American curler, a and a 1972 United States men's curling champion.
That 1972 silver medallist team is best known for the "Curse of LaBonte" - one of the most famous curses in curling history. It was caused by an incident at the finals of the 1972 world men's curling championship, the 1972 Air Canada Silver Broom in Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Germany.
He also won the 1976 United States Mixed Curling Championship.
Personal life
Aasand was the son of Ole Aasand and Frances Weed, and his brother John was his teammate. He graduated from Grafton High School and North Dakota State University with a degree in pharmacy and worked for Getz Drug. He was married to Victoria LaBonte and lived in Grafton and had three children. He later owned Frank's Pharmacy, and then worked for Grafton Drug. He moved to Fargo in 2011. He was a member of the St. John the Evangelist Catholic Church, the Elks Club, the Eagle's Club and was a past president of the Grafton Curling Club. In 2012, Aasand pleaded guilty to aggravated assault, and initially faced an attempted murder charge. He was accused of repeatedly hitting his wife on the head with a hammer. After spending time in jail, he agreed to move away from Grafton and was barred from contacting his wife.
Teams
Man 's
Mixed
References
External links
1949 births
2019 deaths
American male curlers
American curling champions
Sportspeople from Fargo, North Dakota
People from Walsh County, North Dakota
American people convicted of assault
North Dakota State University alumni
American Catholics
Pharmacists from North Dakota
Prisoners and detainees of North Dakota
Edmund Lionel Penning-Rowsell (1913–2002) was a British journalist considered the doyen of Britain's writers on wine, and possibly the world's longest-serving wine correspondent.
Biography
Rowsell came from an upper middle class London family. Canon Thomas Rowsell was his second great uncle by blood and the architect Sir Charles Barry was his second great uncle through marriage. During the Depression years, his father's printing business went bankrupt, his education at Marlborough was cut short. He joined The Morning Post of London in 1930, and in 1935 he moved into publishing.
His interest in wine was stimulated by a wedding gift in 1937 of membership of the Wine Society, his love for wine sparked by a tasting of the 1923 Château Talbot. He later became the Wine Society's longest-serving chairman, from 1964 to 1987. Aided by those in the trade he gradually built up his knowledge and wine came to dominate his life.
In 1954, he started writing a column about wine for Country Life, the first of many such enterprises. For 23 years, he was a wine columnist for Financial Times, and also wrote wine articles for Marxism Today. His speciality was the wines of Bordeaux, where his expertise was recognised, and which provided the subject of his magnum opus The Wines of Bordeaux, considered a masterpiece of research.
Michael Broadbent noted that Penning-Rowsell had one of the best private wine collections in England. Working with Broadbent, he became an adviser on wine to auctioneer Christie's, and regularly reported on wine auction results.
Penning-Rowsell was awarded by the French government the Ordre National du Mérite Agricole in 1971 and the Ordre du Mérite National in 1981. He was known for using the phrase, "Speaking as a man of the Left"
Bibliography
Red, White and Rosé (1967)
The Wines of Bordeaux (1969)
Château Latour: The History of a Great Vineyard 1331-1992 (1993)
See also
List of wine personalities
References
1913 births
2002 deaths
British male journalists
Wine critics
People educated at Marlborough College
Recipients of the Order of Agricultural Merit
Manaji Rao Gaekwad was the fifth Maharaja of Baroda State reigning from 1789 to 1793.
He was the fifth son of Damaji Rao Gaekwad. Before becoming Maharaja, he also served as a regent for Baroda State from 1779 to 1792 under Sayaji Rao I Gaekwad. After his death he was succeeded as Maharaja of Baroda by Govind Rao Gaekwad.
See also
Gaekwad dynasty
References
External links
Official Website of the Gaekwads of Baroda
1751 births
1793 deaths
Maharajas of Vadodara
Hindu monarchs
Indian royalty
Indian military leaders
German submarine U-110 was a Type IXB U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine that operated during World War II. She was captured by the Royal Navy on 9 May 1941 and provided a number of secret cipher documents to the British. U-110s capture, later given the code name "Operation Primrose", was one of the biggest secrets of the war, remaining so for seven months. President Franklin D. Roosevelt was only told of the capture by Winston Churchill in January 1942.
Design
German Type IXB submarines were slightly larger than the original German Type IX submarines, later designated IXA. U-110 had a displacement of when at the surface and while submerged. The U-boat had a total length of , a pressure hull length of , a beam of , a height of , and a draught of . The submarine was powered by two MAN M 9 V 40/46 supercharged four-stroke, nine-cylinder diesel engines producing a total of for use while surfaced, two Siemens-Schuckert 2 GU 345/34 double-acting electric motors producing a total of for use while submerged. She had two shafts and two propellers. The boat was capable of operating at depths of up to .
The submarine had a maximum surface speed of and a maximum submerged speed of . When submerged, the boat could operate for at ; when surfaced, she could travel at . U-110 was fitted with six torpedo tubes (four fitted at the bow and two at the stern), 22 torpedoes, one SK C/32 naval gun, 180 rounds, and a SK C/30 as well as a C/30 anti-aircraft gun. The boat had a complement of forty-eight.
Service history
U-110s keel was laid down 1 February 1940 by DeSchiMAG AG Weser, of Bremen, Germany as yard number 973. She was launched on 25 August 1940 and commissioned on 21 November with Kapitänleutnant Fritz-Julius Lemp in command.
The boat was part of the 2nd U-boat Flotilla from her commissioning date until her loss. Lemp commanded U-110 for her entire career. In an earlier boat (), he was responsible for the sinking of the passenger liner SS Athenia on the first day of the war. The circumstances were such that he was considered for court-martial. He continued, however, to be one of the most successful and rebellious commanders of his day.
Operational career
First patrol
U-110 set out on her first patrol from Kiel on 9 March 1941. Her route to the Atlantic Ocean took her through the gap between the Faroe and Shetland Islands. Her first victim was Erodona which she damaged south of Iceland on 16 March. She also damaged Siremalm on the 23rd. This ship only escaped after she was hit by a torpedo which failed to detonate, (although it left a large dent) and the U-boat's 105mm deck gun crew forgot to remove the tampion in the muzzle before engaging their target. The resulting explosion on firing the first round wounded three men and compelled the boat to fire on the merchantman with the smaller 37 and 20 mm armament. Despite being hit, Siremalm successfully fled the scene, zig-zagging as she went.
U-110 arrived in Lorient on the French Atlantic coast on 29 March, having cut the patrol short due to damage from the exploding gun.
Second patrol and capture
The boat departed Lorient on 15 April 1941. On the 27th, she sank Henri Mory about west northwest of Blasket Islands, Ireland.
Her next quarry were the ships of convoy OB 318 east of Cape Farewell (Greenland). She successfully attacked and sank Esmond and Bengore Head, but the escort vessels responded. The British corvette, , located the U-boat with ASDIC (sonar). Aubrietia and British destroyer then proceeded to drop depth charges, forcing U-110 to surface.
Operation Primrose (9 May 1941)
U-110 survived the attack, but was seriously damaged. and Broadway remained in contact after Aubrietias last attack. Broadway shaped course to ram, but fired two depth charges beneath the U-boat instead, in an endeavour to make the crew abandon ship before scuttling her. Lemp announced "Last stop, everybody out", meaning "Abandon ship". As the crew turned out onto the U-boat's deck they came under fire from Bulldog and Broadway with casualties from gunfire and drowning. The British had believed that the German deck gun was to be used and ceased fire when they realised that the U-boat was being abandoned and the crew wanted to surrender.
Lemp realised that U-110 was not sinking and attempted to swim back to it to destroy the secret material, and was never seen again. A German eyewitness testified that he was shot in the water by a British sailor, but his fate is not confirmed. Including Lemp, 15 men were killed in the action, and 32 were captured. Radio Officer Georg Högel and the rest of the crew were held at Camp 23 (Monteith POW camp at Iroquois Falls, Northern Ontario, Canada), which is now the Monteith Correctional Complex.
Bulldogs boarding party, led by Sub-Lieutenant David Balme, got onto U-110 and stripped it of everything portable, including her Kurzsignale code book and Enigma machine. William Stewart Pollock, a former radio operator in the Royal Navy and on loan to Bulldog, was on the second boat to board U-110. He retrieved the Enigma machine and books as they looked out of place in the radio room. U-110 was taken in tow back toward Britain, but sank en route to Iceland.
The documents captured from U-110 helped Bletchley Park codebreakers solve Reservehandverfahren, a reserve German hand cipher.
Wolfpacks
U-110 took part in one wolfpack, namely:
West (9 May 1941)
Modern-day connections
The 2000 film U-571 was partially inspired by the capture of U-110.
In 2007, the submarine's chronometer was featured on the BBC programme Antiques Roadshow, from Alnwick Castle, in the possession of the grandson of the captain of the ship which captured her.
Summary of raiding history
See also
U-571, a film inspired by the capture of U-110, erroneously claimed that the Enigma machine was seized by American submariners instead of the Royal Navy.
Monteith POW camp (Camp 23)
Other captured U-boats
U-570, later
References
Bibliography
Hugh Sebag-Montefiore, Enigma: The Battle for the Code, 2000, .
External links
Enigma and Operation Primrose
1940 ships
Captured U-boats
Enigma machine
German Type IX submarines
Maritime incidents in May 1941
Naval ships of Germany captured by the United Kingdom during World War II
Ships built in Bremen (state)
U-boats commissioned in 1940
World War II shipwrecks in the Atlantic Ocean
World War II submarines of Germany
Edwin Atkins Merritt (February 26, 1828 – December 26, 1916) was an American politician, civil service reformer and diplomat. He served as a Union Army officer in the American Civil War, and was a brigadier general in the New York Militia. In addition, he served in the New York State Assembly, and held the appointive post of Collector of the Port of New York.
Life
Edwin A. Merritt was born in Sudbury, Vermont on February 26, 1828, the son of Nodiah Merritt and Relief (Parker) Merritt. He was raised and educated in Essex County, New York, and attended St. Lawrence Academy to receive his teaching qualification. In addition to teaching, Merritt also worked as a surveyor and engineer.
From 1854 to 1857, Merritt was Town Supervisor of Pierrepont, New York. From 1857 to 1861 he was Clerk of the St. Lawrence County Board of Supervisors. He was a member of the New York State Assembly (St. Lawrence Co., 2nd D.) in 1860 and 1861.
During the American Civil War he served in the Union Army as quartermaster of the 60th New York Volunteer Infantry with the rank of captain, and took part in campaigns in Virginia, Maryland and Tennessee. He was later stationed in Washington, D.C. and assigned to supply reinforcements departing for the front lines. In January 1865 he was appointed Quartermaster General of the New York Militia with the rank of brigadier general, a position he held until 1869.
In April 1865, Merritt was New York's official representative at the second inauguration of Abraham Lincoln. He was a delegate to the 1867 state constitutional convention, and from 1869 to 1870 he was U.S. Naval Officer for the Port of New York, one of the three political appointees (collector, surveyor, and naval officer) who collected customs duties and fined importers who attempted to evade payment.
In 1871, he declined appointment as U.S. Minister to Brazil. In 1875 he ran on the Republican ticket for New York State Treasurer, but was defeated by Democrat Charles N. Ross. In 1877, Merritt was appointed Surveyor of the Port of New York, and in 1878 he was selected to serve as Collector, succeeding Chester A. Arthur. He served until 1881, when he was appointed U.S. Consul General in London, where he served until 1885.
Long interested in higher education, Merritt was a trustee of St. Lawrence University and Clarkson University, and was active in the creation of what is now the State University of New York at Potsdam. Merritt died in Potsdam, New York on December 26, 1916. He was buried at Pierrepont Hill Cemetery in Pierrepont.
Family
In 1858, Merritt married Eliza Rich of Pierrepont. Their son Edwin Albert Merritt was a Congressman from New York.
References
1828 births
1916 deaths
Members of the New York State Assembly
People from Sudbury, Vermont
Collectors of the Port of New York
People from Potsdam, New York
American diplomats
New York (state) Republicans
Town supervisors in New York (state)
Union Army officers
Union militia generals
Burials in New York (state)
19th-century American politicians
Abd ol Manaf (, also Romanized as ‘Abd ol Manāf) is a village in Larijan-e Sofla Rural District, Larijan District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 52, in 16 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
James McMullin was an American baseball player who played in three games in July 1887 for the New York Metropolitans of the American Association.
External links
Major League Baseball pitchers
New York Metropolitans players
19th-century baseball players
Baseball players from California
Date of death missing
Date of birth missing
Peart is the surname of:
Alan Peart (1922–2018), New Zealand Second World War flying ace
Bob Peart (1926–1966), English football player
Charles Peart (1759–1798), British sculptor
Darrell Peart (born 1950), American furniture maker and designer
Ernest Grafford Peart (1918–1981), Jamaican politician and diplomat
Fred Peart, Baron Peart (1914–1988), British politician
Greg Peart (born 1946), Australian former politician
Jack Peart (1888–1948), English footballer
Jack Peart (footballer, born 1884) (1884–1965), English footballer
John Peart (artist) (1945/1946–2013), Australian artist
Joseph Peart (1900–1942), New Zealand Second World War army lieutenant colonel and headmaster
Matt Peart (born 1997), Jamaican-American football player
Michael Peart (judge) (born 1953), Irish judge
Michael Peart (politician) (), Jamaican politician
Myles Peart-Harris (born 2002), English football player
Neil Peart (1952–2020), Canadian musician and author, second drummer of Rush
Neil Peart (footballer) (born 1958), former Australian rules footballer
Paul Peart, British comics artist
Ron Peart (1920–1999), English footballer
Stirling Peart (1890–1963), American rugby union player
Vince Peart (born 1983)
William Stanley Peart (born 1922), British doctor and clinical researcher
See also
Pert (disambiguation)
Margrave Philip of Hachberg-Sausenberg (1454 – 9 September 1503) was the son of the Margrave Rudolf IV of Hachberg-Sausenberg and Margaret of Vienne. Philip reigned in 1487–1503 as Margrave of Hachberg-Sausenberg and Count of Neuchâtel. From 1466 he called himself Lord of Badenweiler.
Family
As part of his alliance with France, Philip married Maria of Savoy, daughter of Amadeus IX of Savoy, and one of the nieces of Louis XI, King of France, around 1476 or 1478. With Philip's death, the male line of the Hachberg-Sausenberg family died out.
Philip's father, Rudolf IV, had begun negotiations with the senior line of the House of Zahringen (of which Rudolf's Hachberg-Sausenberg line was a cadet branch), which ruled the margraviate of Baden on the possibility of an inheritance treaty. Philip continued the negotiations with Christopher I, Margrave of Baden and on 31 August 1490, they came to an agreement on reciprocal inheritance. The treaty is known as the "Rötteln Match". The background of this treaty was that Christopher I intended his son and heir Philip I to marry Joan, the heiress of Hachberg-Sausenberg. This marriage did not materialize, due to political pressure from the French king.
His daughter, Johanna of Hachberg-Sausenberg (born ca. 1485 – died 1543), became Countess of Neuchâtel after her father's death in 1503, while Christopher obtained Sausenberg, Rötteln, Badenweiler and Schopfheim. In 1504, she married Louis d'Orléans-Longueville who, not yet having inherited his father's dukedom of Longueville, became known, jure uxoris, as the Marquis de Rothelin (Rötteln) (after Joan died in 1543, her son François assumed the title of Marquis de Rothelin, thereby starting the cadet line of Orléans-Rothelin). Joan and the House of Orléans-Longueville contested the Rötteln treaty and they tried to rally support for their case from the Swiss cantons of Solothurn, Luzern, Fribourg and Bern. The dispute was settled in 1581, with the House of Baden paying to the House of Orléans-Longueville, but securing for Christopher's great-grandson Margrave Georg Friedrich of Baden-Durlach Sausenberg, Rötteln and Badenweiller in 1584.
Territorial rule
In 1493 Philip lost his territories in County of Burgundy because of his close connection to the French court. The French king then appointed him to Governor and Great Seneschal of Provence.
Other activities
In 1474 and 1475, he participated in the Burgundian sieges of Neuss and Nancy; in 1476 he fought with Charles the Bold in the battles of Grandson and Murten.
After the defeat of Charles the Bold in the 1477 Battle of Nancy, Margrave Philip turned away from Burgundy and sided with France, in an effort to avoid losing his Burgundian possessions. In 1484, Philip participated in the coronation of the French King Charles VIII in Reims.
The king sent Philip to Switzerland as a negotiator. Philip was appointed Marshal of Burgundy (which had become a French possession after the Battle of Nancy) and Philip de Hochberg, as he was called in France, had a strong influence on politics there. In 1484, he was appointed Chamberlain and in 1489, he became a member of the Royal Council of France. In 1499, he fought on the French side, while his subjects from Rötteln fought in the Imperial army.
In 1494 Philip inaugurated a new mansion at his Rötteln Castle. The interior of the Palace at Neuchâtel is also attributed to him.
He died in Montpellier, aged about 59.
References and sources
Fritz Schülin: Rötteln-Haagen, Beiträge zur Orts-, Landschafts- und Siedlungsgeschichte, Lörrach, 1965, pp. 80–82.
Fritz Schülin: Binzen, Beiträge zur Orts-, Landschafts- und Siedlungsgeschichte, Schopfheim, 1967, p. 525/526 (Genealogy of the House of Hachberg-Sausenberg).
Karl Seith: Die Burg Rötteln im Wandel ihrer Herrengeschlechter, Ein Beitrag zur Geschichte und Baugeschichte der Burg, special edition published by Röttelbund e.V. in Haagen, place and year unknown, pp. 23–28; cited by Schülin as In: Markgräflerland, vol. 3, issue 1, 1931
Hans Jakob Wörner: Das Markgräflerland – Bemerkungen zu seinem geschichtlichen Werdegang, in: Das Markgräflerland, issue 2/1994, Schopfheim, 1994, p. 64
August Huber: Über Basels Anteil am Röteler Erbfolgestreit im Jahre 1503, in: Basler Zeitschrift für Geschichte und Altertumskunde, vol. 4, 1905, online
Johann Christian Sachs: Einleitung in die Geschichte der Marggravschaft und des marggrävlichen altfürstlichen Hauses Baden, Frankfurt and Leipzig, 1764, part 1, pp. 575–588
The inheritance treaty is reprinted in: John Staub: The contract of inheritance between Margrave Christoph I of Baden, Margrave Philip of Hachberg of 31 Aug. 1490, in: The Markgräflerland, No. 1 / 1991, Schopfheim, 1991, pp. 93–103
External links
Footnotes
Gallery
Philip
People from the canton of Neuchâtel
Counts of Neuchâtel
1454 births
1503 deaths
15th-century German people
Antillesoma antillarum is the type species of the peanut worm genus Antillesoma. The genus belongs to the family Phascolosomatidae.
Synonymy
Aspidosiphon mokyevskii (Murina, 1964)
Golfingia (Thysanocardia) mokyevskii Murina, 1964
Golfingia mokyevskii Murina, 1964
Phascolion antillarum
Phascolosoma (Aedematosomum) antillarum Grube, 1858
Phascolosoma (Antillesoma) antillarum Grube, 1858
Phascolosoma (Antillesoma) asser (Selenka & De Man, 1883)
Phascolosoma (Antillesoma) pelmum (Selenka & De Man, 1883)
Phascolosoma (Antillesoma) schmidti Murina, 1975
Phascolosoma (Rueppellisoma) gaudens (Lanchester, 1905)
Phascolosoma (Rueppellisoma) onomichianum (Ikeda, 1904)
Phascolosoma (Rueppellisoma) simile (Chen & Yeh, 1958)
Phascolosoma (Rueppellisoma) weldonii (Shipley, 1892)
Phascolosoma aethiops Baird, 1868
Phascolosoma antillarum Grube, 1858
Phascolosoma asser (Selenka & De Man, 1883)
Phascolosoma fuscum Keferstein, 1862
Phascolosoma glans (De Quatrefages, 1865)
Phascolosoma immodestum (De Quatrefages, 1865)
Phascolosoma nigriceps Baird, 1868
Phascolosoma onomichianum (Ikeda, 1904)
Phascolosoma pelma (Selenka & De Man, 1883)
Phascolosoma pelmum (Selenka & De Man, 1883)
Phascolosoma similis (Chen & Yeh, 1958)
Phymosoma antillarum (Grube, 1858)
Phymosoma asser Selenka & De Man, in Selenka, de Man & Bülow, 1883
Phymosoma onomichianum Ikeda, 1904
Phymosoma pelma Selenka & De Man, in Selenka, de Man & Bülow, 1883
Physcosoma antillarum (Grube, 1858)
Physcosoma asser (Selenka & De Man, 1883)
Physcosoma gaudens Lanchester, 1905
Physcosoma onomichianum (Ikeda, 1904)
Physcosoma pelma (Selenka & De Man, 1883)
Physcosoma similis Chen & Yeh, 1958
Physcosoma weldonii Shipley, 1892
Sipunculus (Aedematosomum) glans De Quatrefages, 1865
Sipunculus (Aedematosomum) immodestus De Quatrefages, 1865
Distribution
This species is considered a cosmopolitan species. They are widespread in tropical and subtropical waters. It has been reported in the western Atlantic and the Caribbean from Florida to Brazil, in the eastern Atlantic in Sierra Leone.
Habitat
Antillesoma antillarum has been found inhabiting mollusc shell middens. They accompany and associate with the following species of sipunculids: Aspidosiphon albus, A. Parvulus, A. fischeri, Temistes lageniformis, y Nephasoma pellucidum.
References
External links
Integrated Taxonomic Information System (ITIS): Antillesoma antillarum (Grübe and Oersted, 1858) Taxonomic Serial No.: 772615
National Centrer of Biotechnology Information (NCBI): Antillesoma antillarum Taxonomy ID: 210781
Biodiversity Heritage Library (BHL): Antillesoma antillarum
Sipunculans
Animals described in 1858
Joseph Timilty may refer to:
Joseph F. Timilty (police commissioner) (1894–1980), Boston police commissioner, 1936–1943
Joseph F. Timilty (state senator) (1938–2017), member of the Boston City Council from 1967 to 1971 and the Massachusetts Senate from 1972 to 1985
The 1931 William & Mary Indians football team represented the College of William & Mary as a member of the Virginia Conference during the 1931 college football season.
Schedule
References
William & Mary
William & Mary Tribe football seasons
William & Mary Indians football
is a Shingon-sect Buddhist temple in the Kokubunji neighborhood of the city of Himeji, Hyōgo, Japan. It claims to be the successor to the provincial temple established by Emperor Shōmu during the Nara period (710 – 794). Due to this connection, the foundation stones of the Nara period temple now located to the south of the present day complex were designated as a National Historic Site in 1921, with the area under protection was expanded in 1971 and 1985.
History
The Shoku Nihongi records that in 741, as the country recovered from a major smallpox epidemic, Emperor Shōmu ordered that a monastery and nunnery be established in every province, the . These temples were built to a semi-standardized template, and served both to spread Buddhist orthodoxy to the provinces, and to emphasize the power of the Nara period centralized government under the Ritsuryō system.
The modern Harima Kokubun-ji is located on a river terrace on the left bank of the Ichi River in the southern part of Hyōgo Prefecture. The temple precincts overlap that of the ancient Kokubun-ji, which extended some 600 meters to the north, and faced the route of the ancient San'yōdō road to the south. The provincial capital was located about four kilometers to the west. This area was the center of Harima Province, and there are several large kofun burial mounds in the area. The first archeological excavation of the site was conducted in 1921, and over the course of 13 subsequent excavations, the foundations of the major temple structures, such as the Kondō, Pagoda, Lecture Hall and Monk's quarters have been found.
The exact date of the construction of the temple is unknown, but is believed to be around the time of the 741 edict. The temple is listed in the 927 AD Engishiki as having an allotment of 40,000 bundles of rice. Based on excavated roof tiles, the temple survived to the end of the Heian period and was largely destroyed by fire. It appears to have continued on a much smaller scale until at least the beginning of the 13th century, but ts subsequent history is uncertain. In 1601, Himeji Domain donated a modest estate of 30 koku for its revival, and a bodaiji chapel of the Ikeda clan was relocated from Himeji castle to become the main hall of the reconstructed temple. A further 30 koku of revenues were donated by Shogun Tokugawa Iemitsu in 1648. This modern temple occupies the northern half of the ancient temple's precincts, including the site of the Kondō and Lecture Hall. The remaining portion of the site, including the ruins of the Pagoda, Middle Gate and Cloister, received protection as a National Historic Site in 1921, with the area under protection expanded twice, in 1971 and 1985, as excavations revealed additional finds. The southern half of the temple precincts were opened to the public as an archaeological park in 1992.
The ancient Harima Kokubun-ji occupied an enclosed compound about 218 square meters in area. The temple buildings were arranged in a straight line from south to north, with the Pagoda located in the southeast corner of the precincts. The Kondō overlaps the gate of the current temple. It was built on a platform 36.9 meters east-west and 23.4 meters north-south, but the details of the structure are unclear. A megalith placed in front of the current temple's gate is a cornerstone of the ancient Kondō. A platform for a stone lantern has also been found six meters to the south of the Kondō foundation platform. The Pagoda has a foundation 18.9 meters square, and 17 cornerstones have survived in situ. From the positioning, it is estimated that the Pagoda measured 9.3 meters on each side and was a seven-story structure. The site of the Lecture Hall in underneath the current temple's Main Hall, and so no detailed investigation could be performed. In addition to a large amount of roof tiles, Haji ware and Sue ware pottery has been excavated from the temple area, along with domestic glazed pottery, trade pottery, black pottery, inkstones, earthen weights, fences, gold and copper ornaments, sword hilts, grindstones, and bones have also been excavated.
Gallery
See also
List of Historic Sites of Japan (Hyōgo)
provincial temple
References
External links
Himeji city home page
Hyogo Prefectural Museum of History
Buddhist temples in Hyōgo Prefecture
Historic Sites of Japan
Himeji, Hyōgo
Harima Province
8th-century establishments in Japan
Nara period
8th-century Buddhist temples
Shingon temples
Buddhist archaeological sites in Japan
Crush on Me is the debut studio album by American musician Sir Babygirl. It was released on February 15, 2019 through Father/Daughter Records.
Track listing
External links
Crush on Me at Father/Daughter Records
References
2019 debut albums
Father/Daughter Records albums
Peter Luczak was the defending champion, but he was eliminated by Dušan Lojda in the quarterfinal.
Denis Gremelmayr won in the final 6–1, 6–2, against Andrey Kuznetsov.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
External Links
Main Draw
Qualifying Singles
Poznan Porsche Open - Singles
2010 Singles
A track warrant is a set of instructions issued to a train crew authorizing specific train movements. The system is widely used in North America. The warrant is issued by the train dispatcher and delivered to the train crew via radio. The train crew copies the instructions onto a pre-printed paper form and reads back the warrant to ensure that nothing was misunderstood.
Operation
Track warrants are issued granting main track use between two named points (i.e. milepost sign, station, and/or any fixed physical point, such as a switch). The dispatcher may also issue time constraints (known as "Box 6" on a standard form), although the track warrants remain in effect until cleared by a member of the receiving crew. Track warrants are sometimes used in conjunction with a block signal system to provide rear-end protection against following trains.
Track warrants usually allow a train to move in one direction only—a "Proceed" instruction. Sometimes a train may also be given authorizing movements in either direction, called a "Work between" instruction. However, only one train can have a section of track at one particular time if moving in the same direction. If there are two trains moving in the same direction, the leading train must give up the track before the trailing train can obtain a track warrant for that territory. For example, if Train 56 has a track warrant to proceed in the northbound direction from MP (milepost) 14 to MP 77 and there is a train following, then Train 56 must give up a portion or all of its warrant before the following train can be issued the track that Train 56 has already cleared. Many times this is accomplished by the dispatcher asking the leading train for their milepost location and then issuing a warrant up to that point to the trailing train. Continuing the previous example, if Train 56 is clear of MP 50, the dispatcher can issue a warrant to the trailing train up to MP 50, but not beyond it. Once a train has received a new track warrant or has left track warrant territory they will release the entirety of their warrant back to the dispatcher.
Maintenance of Way crews receive track bulletins (usually called "Form A", "Form B" or "Form C") in order to perform track work that would otherwise be interrupted by passing trains. This is done by providing the maintenance crew with a form or protection, or allowing work to be done behind a passing train.
Comparison with Direct Traffic Control
Track Warrant Control is similar to yet distinct from the concept of Direct Traffic Control (DTC), appearing later as railroads migrated fully from older forms of Train order operation. DTC was designed to facilitate the movement of trains using concepts of blocks and sidings previously used with Train Orders. DTC is only a mechanism to transfer movement authority and can only work within an arrangement of predefined blocks. Track Warrant systems appropriate the remaining responsibility of Train Order systems to notify operating personnel of safety directives that include things like temporary speed restrictions, tracks out of service, etc. and combines them with the movement authority function of DTC. Furthermore, Track Warrants are not limited to fixed blocks and can be issued and released from almost any explicitly identified landmark along the rail line.
Standard instructions used in track warrants
Most track warrants in the U.S. follow a standard form as suggested by the General Code of Operating Rules, consisting of several standard instructions to mark specific notes or conditions for a warrant. These vary from temporary speed restrictions to rules regarding meeting other trains.
Box 1. Void on a previous warrant.
Box 2. Proceed from point to point.
Box 3. Proceed from point to point (cont.)
Box 4. Work between certain limits.
Box 5. Not in effect until .
Box 6. Authority expires at .
Box 7. Not in effect until after the arrival of at .
Box 8. Hold main track at last named point.
Box 9. Do not foul limits ahead of .
Box 10. Clear main track at last named point.
Box 11. Between and make all movements at restricted speed: limits occupied by train.
Box 12. Between and make all movements at restricted speed: limits occupied by men or equipment.
Box 13. Do not exceed mph between _ and .
Box 14. Do not exceed mph between _ and .
Box 15. Flag protection not required against following trains on same track.
Box 16. Track bulletins in effect.
Boxes 17 and 18: Other specific instructions.
Some railroad systems, such as RailAmerica, use additional boxes:
Box 18. Joint with _ between and _ .
Box 19. Expect to find the following switch(es) lined and locked in the reverse position: _ .
Box 20. The following switch(es) may be left lined and locked in the reverse position: _ .
Non-GCOR Track Warrant systems include the NORAC Form D Control System (DCS) which was later partly adopted by CSX to supplant its older DTC system.
Use of track warrants on specific railroads
The BNSF Railway uses track warrants on its El Paso Subdivision which runs from Belen, New Mexico to El Paso, Texas, with the dispatcher in Fort Worth, Texas. There are no electrical signals on the route. BNSF also uses TWC (Track Warrant Control) between Williams, AZ (Seligman Subdivision) to Phoenix, AZ (Phoenix Subdivision), Forsyth Subdivision between Jones Jct. (a suburb of Billings, Montana) and Hysham, Montana. Unlike the El Paso Subdivision, ABS is used. And on the Madill Subdivision between Denison, TX and Irving, TX with an ABS signal overlay on the northern ten or so miles between Denison and Sherman, TX. Track Warrant Control is also used in many others lower to medium traffic volume sections of the BNSF system, sometimes with an automatic block signal system overlay, and on the other class one railroads as well. Some smaller Class II railroads, such as the Iowa Interstate Railroad, and many Class III railroads are dispatched completely by track warrant.
Canadian railways use a similar system called Occupancy Control System (OCS), in which movements are controlled via clearances issued over the radio from the Rail Traffic Controller to the train. The system is in wide use on lines that aren't installed with centralized traffic control (CTC).
In Australia & NZ:
The New South Wales Country Regional Network (CRN) uses electronic track warrants (train orders) on 2,400km of track. Functionality includes 'proximity' warnings and 'out of authority' alarms to improve driver situation awareness.
The Australian Rail Track Corporation (www.artc.com.au) uses track warrants on several thousand kilemtres of single track line.
KiwiRail in New Zealand also uses track warrants; in 2008 they were required on , or 56% of KiwiRail's tracks.
See also
Dark territory (North American terminology for unsignaled tracks)
Direct traffic control
Radio Electronic Token Block
Rail terminology
Train order
References
GCOR Rulebook Sixth Edition
Trainweb.com. Suggested Track Warrant Form. General Code of Operating Rules. Accessed 2010-05-28.
Carsten S. Lundstein (1998). Illustration of Track Warrant Control
Data transmission
Railway signalling block systems
The 1941 All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship was the 14th staging of the All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association in 1928. As a result of the Emergency it was the last championship to be staged until 1945.
Limerick entered the championship as the defending champions, however, they were beaten by Clare in the Munster quarter-final.
On 28 September 1941 Cork won the championship following a 3–11 to 1–1 defeat of Galway in the All-Ireland final. This was their fifth All-Ireland title and their first in two championship seasons.
Results
Leinster Minor Hurling Championship
Final
Munster Minor Hurling Championship
Semi-finals
Final
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Semi-finals
Final
External links
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship: Roll Of Honour
Minor
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Stuart Fraser is a politician based in the City of London Corporation. He was chair of the Policy and Resources Committee there from 2008 until 2012. He became involved as a politician following a successful career as a stockbroker. He is a director of Brewin Dolphin.
Fraser was first elected to the Court of Common Council representing Coleman Street Ward in 1992.
When he became chair of the City of London Policy and Resources Committee, he said that he viewed the 2008 financial crisis a "phoney crisis" and said that he "would still like the City of London to dominate the world." In 2010 he claimed to be probably the most effective lobbyist in Britain.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Quercus macranthera, commonly called the Caucasian oak, or the Persian oak, is a species of deciduous tree native to Western Asia (northern Iran, Turkey;
and in the Caucasus in Georgia, Armenia, and Azerbaijan) that is occasionally grown as an ornamental tree in Europe growing to tall.
Subspecies
It has two subspecies. One subspecies (Quercus macranthera subsp. syspirensis) is found in the thermophilic lower- and mid-montane shrub communities of Turkey, and the other subspecies (Quercus macranthera subsp. macranthera) is found in Georgia, Armenia, Azerbaijan and northern Iran, along the Caspian Sea.
References
macranthera
Plants described in 1838
Flora of Armenia
Flora of Azerbaijan
Trees of Western Asia
Flora of Turkey
Ornamental trees
Garden plants of Asia
Daniel G. L. Bull (born 27 March 1986) is a British rapper and songwriter known best for his songs about video games, which he publishes on his YouTube channel.
His videos feature him playing various games with fellow artist Dave Brown ("Boyinaband") and fellow YouTube personalities such as Michelle 'The RPG Minx', Markiplier, and Adam Montoya. Bull's music was featured in the British press as part of attempts to save BBC Radio 6, campaign against the Digital Economy Bill, and protest in favour of filesharing. He was diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder, which is referenced in some of his songs, such as "A Portrait of the Autist".
Career
Bull has released songs on subjects such as YouTube issues, digital rights, the music industry, and gaming. Bull's actions have gained attention, specifically from the TalkTalk Group, who requested to team up with him against the Digital Economy Bill.
Bull creates gaming raps, ranging with the subgenres nerdcore, political and comedy hip hop. He was briefly partnered with Machinima; however, due to a dispute he now uploads videos independently. He also recorded the theme song for popular YouTuber Nerd³, as well as making an appearance with British gaming group, The Yogscast, with the song "Kicky Kicky Flow" (a rap about Simon Lane and Lewis Brindley), and InTheLittleWood rap (a rap about Martyn Littlewood, another Yogscast member).
Bull's album Face was released in December 2011. The 12-track album includes ten brand-new songs as well as the 2010 tracks "America" and "John Lennon". The album focuses on topics such as medical recovery, war, love, Autism, alcoholism, and pride.
In 2013, Bull was featured on KSI's Football Rap Battles episode along with his friend and fellow rapper Randolph. Bull's third studio album, The Garden, was released on 31 August 2014. The album features guest appearances from Joey Gzus and long-time collaborator Beit Nun.
In 2014, Bull portrayed a depiction of Jack the Ripper in an episode of the YouTube series Epic Rap Battles of History. Bull later returned to the Epic Rap Battles in 2016 performing a depiction of Winston Churchill.
On 27 March 2015, he released his fourth album, Bullmatic. It is Bull's re-imagining of Nas' classic 1994 album Illmatic: for example, Nas' "N.Y. State of Mind" is re-imagined as "U.K. State of Mind". Bull also voiced Minstrel in the 2015 indie game, Volume.
On 29 June 2015, Bull teamed up with Beit Nun, to release their long-awaited collaborative EP, Brandy Night.
On 6 December 2016, Bull collaborated with Deji (ComedyShortsGamer) and released the song “Put on Your Comedy Shorts”. The music video was uploaded to Deji's channel titled “COMEDYSHORTSGAMER RAP !!!” and the song was released on Dan Bull's iTunes and Spotify.
On 13 January 2017, Bull released his fifth album, Hip Hop Hooray. It features comedy songs, such as "Rugbuggery" and "Wiggly Willy" as well as serious life stories such as "I Hurt Myself" and "I'm Going to be a Daddy."
On 6 January 2018, Bull sang H2ODelirious' "10 MILLION SUBSCRIBER MUSIC VIDEO", which was animated by VyronixLiam. It is uploaded on H2ODelirious' channel and Dan Bull's Spotify.
On 23 March 2019, Bull released Robocopyright, a song criticizing Article 13 of the proposed Directive on Copyright in the Digital Single Market. This song also featured other YouTubers such as PewDiePie, Jacksepticeye and Roomie. The main video was released on Grandayy's YouTube channel.
Dan has collabed with Dan 'Nerdcubed' Hardcastle on a number of occasions and has performed both of Hardcastle's YouTube channel intros and outros. He also wrote and performed the theme for Demma series featuring Emma Blackery.
Discography
Studio albums
Safe (2009)
Face (2011)
Generation Gaming (2013)
Generation Gaming II (2014)
The Garden (2014)
Generation Gaming III (2014)
Generation Gaming IV (2015)
Generation Gaming V (2015)
Generation Gaming VI (2015)
Generation Gaming VII (2015)
Bullmatic (2015)
Generation Gaming VIII (2015)
Brandy Night [alongside Beit Nun] (2015)
Generation Gaming IX (2015)
The Life of Pablo (2016)
Generation Gaming X (2016)
Generation Gaming XI (2016)
Hip Hop Hooray (2017)
Generation Gaming XII (2017)
Generation Gaming XIII (2017)
Generation Gaming XIV (2018)
Generation Gaming XV (2018)
Generation Gaming XVI (2018)
Generation Gaming XVII (2019)
Generation Gaming XVIII (2019)
Generation Gaming XIX (2019)
Generation Gaming XX: The Next Generation (Gaming) (2020)
Generation Gaming XXI: Rage Quit the Machine (2020)
Generation Gaming XXII: She Wants the D-Pad (2021)
Generation Gaming XXIII: Breakfast at Limmy's (2021)
Generation Gaming XXIV: 24 Hour LAN Party People (2021)
Videos
Destiny (2013)
Dear Lily (2009)
Doorways (2009)
Free Gary (2009)
Terry Bull Anti World Cup Anthem (2010)
Generation Gaming (2009)
Dear Andy (2010)
Dear Mandy (2010)
Death of ACTA (2010)
Dear Auntie (2010)
Wikileaks and the Need for Free Speech (2010)
SOPA Cabana (2011)
Dear Microsoft (2011)
Bye Bye BPI (2012)
A Portrait of the Autist (2013)
Kicky Kicky Flow ft. The Yogscast (2013)
Hey There NSA ! (2014)
Dungeon keeper (2014)
endermen rap 2017
The NSA Hate This Song :)* (2014)
Tony Benn (2014)
Avengers Infinity Wars (Dan Bull as Doctor Strange) by NerdOut ft.Various ArtistsRobocopyright'' (2019)
References
External links
YouTube
1986 births
Artists with autism
English male rappers
Living people
Musicians from Worcestershire
Nerdcore artists
People from Bromsgrove
People with Asperger syndrome
Political music artists
The Luck of the Vails is a 1901 mystery crime novel by the British writer E.F. Benson, later better known as the author of the Mapp and Lucia series. It was one of only two ventures he made into the genre during his prolific career along with The Blotting Book (1908). In his autobiography Benson numbered it as one of only four of his novels he was satisfied with.
The plot revolves around a cursed golden goblet that has been in the possession of the Vail family for generations. It largely downplays the supernatural elements in favour of traditional mystery. A later novel The Inheritor (1930) also revolved around a family curse.
References
Bibliography
Edwards, Martin. The Story of Classic Crime in 100 Books. Poisoned Pen Press, 2017,
Joshi, S. T. Icons of Horror and the Supernatural: An Encyclopaedia of Our Worst Nightmares, Volume 1. Greenwood Publishing Group, 2007.
Reilly, John M. Twentieth Century Crime & Mystery Writers. Springer, 2015.
Weatherhead, Andrew Kingsley. Upstairs: Writers and Residences. Fairleigh Dickinson Univ Press, 2000.
1901 British novels
British crime novels
British mystery novels
Novels set in England
Novels by E. F. Benson
Heinemann (publisher) books
Hair Battle Spectacular is an American reality competition series that aired on Oxygen from August 10, 2010, to October 3, 2011. The series features ten hair stylists as they compete for a $100,000 grand prize and to see who can create the most outrageous hairstyles that resemble everything from multilayer wedding cakes to toys with movable pieces.
Cast
Brooke Burns, Host — Season 1
Eva Marcille, Host — Season 2
Derek J, Judge — Hair designer
Taylor Jacobson, Judge — Stylist
Season 1
Eliminated
Josh 'Roo' Wixom – Hometown: Las Vegas, Nevada
Keleigh 'Malibu' Laier – Hometown: Laguna Niguel, California (Left due to medical reasons)
Bryson 'Boss' Conley – Hometown: Los Angeles, California
Tara 'Cajmonet' Merritt – Hometown: Woodland Hills, California
Jerome 'J-Rok' Allen – Hometown: Atlanta, Georgia
Valerie 'Valley Girl' St. George – Hometown: Burbank, California
Sexi Lexi Hopper — Hometown: Denver, Colorado
Moira 'Fingaz' Frazier – Hometown: Toledo, Ohio
Nate 'Tsunami' Siam – Hometown: Modesto, California (Runner-up)
Winner
Jasmaine 'Minista' Jazz – Hometown: Brooklyn, New York
Progress
12345 Two contestants with the same numbers indicates that they faced off in a battle that week.
The contestant withdrew from the competition due to medical reasons.
The contestant lost their hair battle, was a "Hair Don't", and was eliminated from the competition.
The contestant lost their hair battle and was a "Hair Don't".
The contestant lost their hair battle and was a "Hair Don't" and was also in the bottom 2.
The contestant won their hair battle and was a "Hair Do" but did not win the challenge.
The contestant won their hair battle and was a "Hair Do" and won the challenge.
The contestant won Hair Battle Spectacular.
Season 2
Eliminated
Dnise "Bronx" Brown – Hometown: Bronx, New York
Kristin "Dimples" Jackson – Hometown: Brooklyn, New York
Spencer "Camouflage" Lebowitz – Hometown: Redondo Beach, California
Gabriel "GQ" Quiñones -Hometown: La Puente, California
Brenda "MzH20" Waters – Hometown: Atlanta, Georgia
Tyler "Atomic" True – Hometown: Los Angeles, California
Bethany "Queen B" Bell — Hometown: Los Angeles, California
Jeanine "J9" Calia — Hometown: Providence, Rhode Island
Alessandro "Bossa Nova" Voce – Hometown: Beverly Hills, California
Ashley "Blondie" Stone — Hometown: Newington, Connecticut
Winner
Kirby "Nostradamus" Keomysay — Hometown: Omaha, Nebraska
Progress
12345 Two contestants with the same numbers indicates that they faced off in a battle that week.
The contestant withdrew from the competition due to medical reasons.
The contestant lost their hair battle, was a "Hair Don't", and was eliminated from the competition.
The contestant lost their hair battle and was a "Hair Don't".
The contestant lost their hair battle and was a "Hair Don't" and was also in the bottom 2.
The contestant won their hair battle and was a "Hair Do" but did not win the challenge.
The contestant won their hair battle and was a "Hair Do" and won the challenge.
The contestant won Hair Battle Spectacular.
References
External links
2010s American reality television series
2010 American television series debuts
2011 American television series endings
English-language television shows
Oxygen (TV channel) original programming
Polythora viridescens is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Brazil.
References
Moths described in 1912
Polyorthini
David Keir (1884–1971) was a British film actor, who also appeared on stage.
Selected filmography
References
External links
1884 births
1971 deaths
British male stage actors
British male film actors
20th-century British male actors
Roger Tiegs (born 18 June 1972 in Umeå), better known by his stage name Infernus, is a Norwegian black metal musician and Satanist. He is the sole founding member and chief ideologist of the black metal band Gorgoroth, which was formed in 1992, as well as the founder and head of Forces of Satan Records. He is mainly a guitarist but has also participated as bassist, drummer and vocalist on several recordings released both by Gorgoroth and other bands.
Biography
The formation of Gorgoroth
Infernus founded the black metal band Gorgoroth in Sunnfjord in 1992 after making 'a pact with the Devil'. The first Gorgoroth demo, A Sorcery Written in Blood, was released in 1993, and this demo landed the band a record deal with French label Embassy Productions. The first full-length Gorgoroth album, Pentagram, was released in 1994. In the following years, the band experienced several line-up changes, with Infernus being the only original member to continue in the band. Joining members of black metal bands such as Ulver, Immortal, Enslaved and Molested, he also participated as bassist on Borknagar's self-titled debut album, which was released in 1996. After signing a deal with German label Malicious Records, Gorgoroth released the albums Antichrist in 1996 and Under the Sign of Hell in 1997, with Infernus responsible for all the music and also the majority of the lyrics, as well as doing both guitar and bass duties on the albums. These three first albums were the first steps towards fame in Norway, and the following albums resulted in Gorgoroth earning their reputation as one of the leading black metal bands in the world.
Gorgoroth tenure with Nuclear Blast
After the release of Under the Sign of Hell and a European headlining tour in 1997, Gorgoroth was signed by the major German metal label Nuclear Blast. Infernus wrote the majority of the first two Gorgoroth albums released on Nuclear Blast, Destroyer (1998) and Incipit Satan (2000). Guitarist Tormentor, who had joined the band in 1996, wrote the title tracks for these two albums, and Infernus and Tormentor also released an album and three limited editions of 7" vinyl in 1998 as a black metal side project called Desekrator, which included members of Enslaved and Old Funeral. After performing live with Gorgoroth on several festivals and tours both in Europe and South America, Infernus became one of the founding members of the black metal band Orcustus in 2002, a band consisting of members and ex-members of Gorgoroth, Gehenna and Enslaved. Twilight of the Idols - In Conspiracy with Satan, which was Gorgoroth's third release on Nuclear Blast, came out in 2003.
Allegations of rape
In 2003, Infernus was accused of raping a woman at an after-party. In the following trial, he was acquitted of rape, but was convicted of gross negligent rape and served four months in prison in winter 2006/2007.
Gorgoroth controversy in Kraków and transfer to Regain Records
On 1 February 2004 Infernus and Gorgoroth performed a controversial live gig in Kraków, Poland, which was meant to be released on DVD by Metal Mind Productions. Due to the satanic nature of the live show, the band and DVD producers were accused of breaking the Polish blasphemy laws. The tapes from the concert were confiscated by the Polish police for 4 years, but the concert was finally released on DVD in summer 2008, as Black Mass Krakow 2004. In 2005, Infernus and Tormentor (who had quit Gorgoroth in 2002) released a cover version of Von's "Satanic Blood", under the name Norwegian Evil. After leaving Nuclear Blast in 2004, Infernus and Gorgoroth signed on Swedish record label Regain Records, which released the next Gorgoroth album, Ad Majorem Sathanas Gloriam, in 2006.
Forces of Satan Records
On 6 June 2006 Infernus started his own record label, Forces of Satan Records, dedicated to only releasing albums by bands with a "clear-cut Satanic profile". The label's first release was the Gorgoroth live EP Bergen 1996, followed by albums by the Italian black metal band Black Flame, the Brazilian death metal band Ophiolatry, and the Serbian black metal band Triumfall.
Trademark of Gorgoroth band name and Quantos Possunt ad Satanitatem Trahunt
In March that year, Infernus announced that he had won the rights to the Gorgoroth band name in a dispute with Gaahl and King. According to Tiegs, City District Court delivered a verdict on the main question in the Gorgoroth trademark case, which took place at the end of January 2009. The court decided that King ov Hell's trademark registration No. 243365 of the band name Gorgoroth was not valid and was therefore to be deleted. The court stated that King ov Hell and Gaahl excluded themselves from the band Gorgoroth when they tried to fire Infernus in October 2007. The court further stated that Infernus cannot be excluded from Gorgoroth, unless he himself should decide to quit.
With the departure of Gaahl and King ov Hell from Gorgoroth, Infernus recruited drummer Tomas Asklund (Dissection) and bassist Bøddel (Obituary) as well as guitarist Tormentor and vocalist Pest into the band, and recorded and released the album Quantos Possunt Ad Satanitatem Trahunt in 2009.
Beliefs
Infernus is a theistic Satanist and as the founding member of Gorgoroth, has built the band on his philosophy and religion, proclaiming himself as 'Satan's Minister on Earth'. When asked in March 2009 about what he specifically practised, he described it as a Gnostic form of Satanism. In an interview conducted in March 2009 following the conclusion of the Gorgoroth name dispute with former colleagues Gaahl and King of Hell, he explicitly reaffirmed that he was 'the ideological backbone of Gorgoroth'. He has expressed opposition to the Church of Satan based on commercial frivolity, and when asked about this on a couple of occasions in 2009 he also said that he disagreed with their basic values:'Basically, because they reject a theist view upon being. I do not regard man as the center of the universe. These are my views and they are not the views of any humanist or so-called atheist.'
Gallery
Discography
References
External links
Official Infernus MySpace profile on Myspace
1972 births
Living people
Norwegian heavy metal bass guitarists
Norwegian male bass guitarists
Norwegian black metal musicians
Norwegian rock bass guitarists
Norwegian rock guitarists
Norwegian Satanists
Norwegian songwriters
Musicians from Bergen
Gorgoroth members
Norwegian heavy metal guitarists
Norwegian multi-instrumentalists
Black metal guitarists
21st-century Norwegian bass guitarists
The Georgia Southern Eagles softball team represents Georgia Southern University in NCAA Division I college softball. The team participates in the Sun Belt Conference. The Eagles are currently led by first-year head coach Sharon Perkins. The team plays its home games at Eagle Field at GS Softball Complex located on the university's campus.
References
Sun Belt Conference softball
Faysal Ahmed (; born 11 July 1985) is a Somali–American actor from Minneapolis, Minnesota.
Early life
Ahmed was born one of nine children in 1985 in Yemen. Although his family is originally from Somalia, he grew up in Yemen. His family hails from the Osman Mahamoud sub clan of the larger Majeerteen-Daarod. In 1999 he moved, along with his mother and some of his siblings, to the United States at the age of 14.
Career
In a professional capacity, Ahmed served as a Youth Program Coordinator at the Bedlam Theater in Minneapolis. He worked there on plays and poetry. He has also participated in an enrollment push for MNsure, a health insurance program in Minnesota.
In 2013, Ahmed appeared in the film Captain Phillips. He played Najee, a ship hijacker.
Ahmed and three other actors were picked from among more than 700 participants at a 2011 casting call at the Brian Coyle Community Center in Cedar-Riverside, Minneapolis. According to the search casting director, Debbie DeLisi, the four were selected because they were "the chosen ones, that anointed group that stuck out."
In early 2014, he revealed that he was going to Los Angeles by the spring season in order to continue his acting career. In 2016 he partook in A Stray that was directed by Musa Syeed.
Filmography
Captain Phillips (2013)
A Stray (2016)
Watu Wote: All of Us (2017)
Sicario: Day of the Soldado (2018)
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
Somalian emigrants to the United States
Male actors from Minneapolis
Somalian male actors
21st-century American male actors
Appiano may refer to:
Appiano Gentile, a municipality in the province of Como, Italy
Appiano sulla strada del vino, Italian name for Eppan an der Weinstraße, a municipality in South Tyrol, Italy
Appiano (family), noble family that governed the principality of Piombino from the 14th to 18th centuries
See also
Appian, Ancient Roman philosopher
Thordisa harrisi is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, shell-less marine opisthobranch gastropod molluscs in the family Discodorididae.
References
Discodorididae
Gastropods described in 2006
Amory Ide Agnes Hansen (née Scheel) (24 February 1887 – 6 October 1961) was a Danish tennis player who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics. She was born and died in Copenhagen.
In 1920 she and her partner Erik Tegner finished fourth in the mixed doubles event after losing the bronze medal match to Milada Skrbková and Ladislav Žemla.
In the women's doubles tournament she and her partner Elsebeth Brehm were eliminated in the quarter-finals after losing their match to Marie Storms and Fernande Arendt. Hansen also participated in the singles competition but was eliminated in the second round after losing her match to Élisabeth d'Ayen.
References
External links
profile
1887 births
1961 deaths
Danish female tennis players
Olympic tennis players of Denmark
Sportspeople from Copenhagen
Tennis players at the 1920 Summer Olympics
Chonob () is a rural locality (a selo) in Tlogobsky Selsoviet, Gunibsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 32 as of 2010.
Geography
Chonob is located 46 km northwest of Gunib (the district's administrative centre) by road, on the Kudiyabor River. Askhabil-Kuli and Enseruda are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Avars live there.
References
Rural localities in Gunibsky District
This is a list of mountains in the Valencian Community of Spain.
See also
List of mountains in Aragon
List of mountains in Catalonia
Sistema Ibérico
Catalan Mediterranean System
Prebaetic System
Sources
VV.AA.(1999), Atlas Escolar del País Valencià, PUV (València), 50 pàg.
ICV, Institut Cartogràfic Valencià.
Topònims
Auditoria Ambiental. Vol I
External links
Mountains in the Land of Valencia
Valencian Community
James Daly ( – 1769) was an Irish Member of Parliament.
In 1741 he was elected to the Irish House of Commons for Athenry, and then in 1768 for the borough of Galway.
He was son of Denis Daly of Carrownakelly, County Galway, and grandson of Denis Daly, a judge of the Court of Common Pleas (Ireland). He was married firstly to Bridget, daughter of Francis Bermingham, 14th Baron Athenry and Lady Mary Nugent, and secondly to Catherine, daughter of Sir Ralph Gore, 4th Baronet and his second wife Elizabeth Ashe. His children by his second wife included St George Daly, later a judge, and the politician Denis Daly, father of James Daly, 1st Baron Dunsandle and Clanconal.
References
https://web.archive.org/web/20090601105535/http://www.leighrayment.com/commons/irelandcommons.htm
http://thepeerage.com/p23360.htm#i233595
Ball, F. Elrington "The Judges in Ireland 1221-1921" London John Murray 1926
1710s births
1769 deaths
Irish MPs 1727–1760
Irish MPs 1761–1768
Irish MPs 1769–1776
Members of the Parliament of Ireland (pre-1801) for County Galway constituencies
Interferon alpha-21 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the IFNA21 gene.
References
Further reading
Richard Gregory Rieker (born November 9, 1961) is an American former professional baseball umpire, who is the Director of Umpire Development for Major League Baseball (MLB).
Career
Rieker spent thirteen seasons as a minor league umpire. Rieker made major league appearances as early as 1992 and he joined the National League full-time in 1996, after the death of John McSherry. Rieker worked throughout both major leagues in 2000 and 2001. He wore uniform number 16 during his National League career, then switched to number 38 after the National League and American League umpiring staffs merged in 2000.
Rieker umpired 1,001 regular season major league games in his 10-year career. He umpired in two division series (1999 and 2000), and the 1998 All-Star Game. Rieker was behind the plate when Mark McGwire hit his record-setting 69th and 70th home runs on September 27, 1998.
Rieker has worked in supervisory roles for Major League Baseball since his 2001 retirement as an active umpire. In 2011, he became the MLB Director of Umpire Development.
Personal life
Rieker has an undergraduate degree in business from the University of Missouri–St. Louis. He lives in Orlando, Florida, with his wife and two children.
See also
List of Major League Baseball umpires
References
External links
Umpire Card
Retrosheet
1961 births
Living people
Major League Baseball umpires
Sportspeople from St. Louis
The Cluster Architecture (CLAR) platform is a car platform developed by BMW.
It is a modular platform that incorporates steel, aluminium, and optional carbon fibre. It is available with rear-wheel drive or all-wheel drive setups and debuted in the G11 7 Series in 2015. It is designed to accommodate a pure ICE drivetrain, has an optional 48-volt electrical system in a mild-hybrid configuration, but also supports plug-in hybrid and battery electric drivetrains.
It was initially called 35up but was later renamed to CLAR. It covers D-segment cars, E-segment cars, F-segment cars, sports cars, SUVs. Smaller BMW cars in the B-segment and C-segment, compact MPV and smaller SUV use the front-wheel drive-based BMW UKL platform instead.
Vehicles
BMW 7 Series (G11) (2015–2022)
BMW 5 Series (G30) (2016–present)
BMW 6 Series (G32) (2017–present)
BMW X3 (G01) (2017–present)
BMW X4 (G02) (2017–present)
BMW iX3 (G08) (2018-present)
BMW X5 (G05) (2018–present)
BMW 8 Series (G15) (2018–present)
BMW Z4 (G29) (2018–present)
BMW 3 Series (G20) (2018–present)
BMW X7 (G07) (2019–present)
Toyota Supra (J29/DB) (2019–present)
BMW X6 (G06) (2019–present)
BMW 4 Series (G22) (2020–present)
BMW i4 (G26) (2021–present)
BMW 2 Series (G42) (2021–present)
BMW i3 (G28) (2022–present)
Boldmen CR4 (2022–present)
BMW 7 Series (G70) (2022-present)
References
Car platforms
The Torch is a science fiction novel by author Jack Bechdolt. It was first published in book form in 1948 by Prime Press in an edition of 3,000 copies. The novel was originally serialized in the magazine Argosy in January 1920.
Plot introduction
The novel is set in the year 3010, in the ruins of New York after a comet has devastated the Earth. Fortune is the captain of the army of the Towermen, those who live in the remaining skyscrapers and rule the city with an iron hand. He is taken captive by the people of the Island of the Statue. There, Fortune learns of a prophecy that states that the people will be free when the torch burns in the hands of the statue. Fortune is redeemed by his captors and leads them in a revolt against his former masters.
References
External links
1948 American novels
American science fiction novels
Novels first published in serial form
Works originally published in Argosy (magazine)
Novels set in New York City
Thurston County Courthouse in Pender, Nebraska is a Late Victorian style building. It has also been known as 2nd Thurston County Courthouse and Pender School. It was built as a school in 1895 and was converted to a courthouse in 1927. Architect J.F. Reynolds of Sioux City, Iowa designed the conversion.
The 1927 conversion created permanent courthouse space adequate for the court, which was desirable to settle dispute within the county about the county seat's proper location. Pender, established in 1884, has always been the county seat of Thurston County, established in 1889, but during the early 1900s the town of Walthill struggled to obtain the seat instead. The First Thurston County Courthouse (also NRHP-listed) had inadequate space and the county leased additional space from the nearby Palace Hotel. As part of promoting a county seat change, Walthill proponents sued the county commissioners to dispute the leasing arrangement in a case that won in a lower court and then went up to the Nebraska Supreme Court, which upheld the leasing arrangement and reversed the lower court decision. Walthill also pursued a petition drive which failed after Pender advocates established that there was fraud in obtaining signatures. The controversy included other charges back and forth, and went on during 1909 and 1910.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1990.
See also
First Thurston County Courthouse, Pender, Nebraska, also listed on the NRHP
References
External links
Thurston County Courthouse, with several photos
Courthouses on the National Register of Historic Places in Nebraska
Buildings and structures in Thurston County, Nebraska
County courthouses in Nebraska
National Register of Historic Places in Thurston County, Nebraska
The Sudbury tornado was an F3 tornado, which hit the Canadian city of Sudbury, Ontario, at approximately 8:30 a.m. on Thursday, August 20, 1970.
It is currently tied for the status of the eighth deadliest tornado in Canadian history.
Storm
Considered unusual because tornadoes of this strength rarely occur in Northern Ontario, the tornado touched down in the nearby town of Lively. The tornado tracked quickly eastward into the city, hitting the town of Copper Cliff and the neighborhoods of Robinson and Lockerby over the next ten minutes. Another tornado associated with the same storm also hit the community of Field, approximately 70 kilometres east of Sudbury, less than an hour later.
The storm continued through North Bay, uprooting some trees in the wilderness but avoiding any damage to the city. It then tracked southeasterly toward Ottawa, leading the federal government to order a precautionary shutdown of its offices in the capital, but the storm weakened around Chalk River and only a few millimetres of rain actually fell on Ottawa by the time it reached that city.
Residents of the region had little warning of the storm as the Sudbury Airport did not at the time have weather radar capable of detecting tornado activity, and the day's only weather forecast was for "showers". The first public indication of the twister, instead, was a phone call to CKSO from a woman frantically reporting that her house was blowing away.
Six people died and 200 were injured in the tornado, which caused an estimated $17 million in 1970 (which is about $ million in ) in damage, including to Inco's copper smelter in Copper Cliff. A pipeline carrying iron-nickel concentrate to the plant collapsed onto a train track below, in turn causing a derailment when a train hit the collapsed pipe, but the incident resulted in only minor injuries. The Inco Superstack, then under construction, swayed in the storm but was not heavily damaged. Six workers were on the construction platform at the time, although all six survived.
Minor damage was also reported to the Big Nickel, with some pitting of the stainless steel panels as rocks and debris hit the monument, although that structure also survived. Damage was also reported to Memorial Hospital, Glad Tidings Tabernacle, and over 300 homes in Lively, Sudbury and Field. Some streets in the affected neighbourhoods were flooded by up to a foot of water, and electrical and communications infrastructure was heavily damaged. For several days after the storm, amateur radio remained the only reliable method of communication into and out of the city.
In Field, a lumber mill which was the town's primary employer was heavily damaged, and a church roof was ripped off just minutes after parishioners had left the building after the end of the morning mass.
Aftermath
Joe Fabbro, the mayor of Sudbury, and Len Turner, the mayor of Lively, each declared their respective communities disaster areas. Both the federal and provincial governments immediately sent representatives to the city to assist, including provincial Attorney General Arthur Wishart, provincial municipal affairs minister Darcy McKeough and federal housing minister Robert Andras. With the company's operations temporarily disabled in the aftermath of the storm, Inco reassigned its employees to assist in rebuilding homes in Lively, which was at the time a company town in which most homes were owned by Inco rather than by private homeowners. In Sudbury, a $2 million relief fund was quickly set up by Sudbury City Council.
Despite the extent of the damage, however, many meteorologists initially resisted classifying the storm as a tornado; although the pattern of damage was consistent with tornadic activity, there were no confirmed reports of a visible funnel cloud. Although it is now generally understood that a tornado can occur without an identifiable funnel in certain weather conditions, this was not as widely accepted in the 1970s. It was not until 1972 that the Canada Atmospheric Environment Service published a final report confirming that a tornado had indeed taken place.
See also
List of tornadoes and tornado outbreaks
List of North American tornadoes and tornado outbreaks
List of Canadian tornadoes
References
Tornadoes of 1970
1970 in Ontario
Tornadoes in Ontario
History of Greater Sudbury
August 1970 events in Canada
The Italian Union of Scientists for Disarmament (Unione Scienziati per il Disarmo in Italian) is an association established in 1982 with the purpose of providing information and analysis of arms control and disarmament. Members of the association believe that this task is part of the social responsibility of scientists.
The issues it addresses include nuclear arms-control and disarmament, nuclear proliferation, consequences of nuclear explosions, control of fissile material, developments of military technology, conventional disarmament, chemical and biological disarmament, problems of conflicts and conflict resolution. Members, both individually and collectively, share their views with Italian policy-makers and opinion-makers.
It organizes conferences and meetings, including the biennial Castiglioncello conference, courses and seminars in Italian Universities, and courses for high-school teachers.
It promotes the establishment of inter-departmental centers of research affiliated to Italian Universities, and has actively collaborated for many years with the CIRP-UniBa (Centro Interdipartimentale di Ricerche sulla Pace, University of Bari).
It collaborates with international organizations of scientists and other Italian institutions, such as Archivio Disarmo (Roma) and Forum per i Problemi della Pace e della Guerra (Firenze). Members of USPID participate in Pugwash and ISODARCO meetings.
In 1995 it began a standing collaboration with Landau Network-Centro Volta, in Como. This institution organizes, together with UNESCO and under the sponsorship of the Italian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, conferences and research projects on different topics, including disarmament, non-proliferation and scientific-technological aspects of International Security.
References
External links
Official USPID website
Peace organisations based in Italy
Organizations established in 1982
Anti–nuclear weapons movement
Science in society
1982 establishments in Italy
Penelo may refer to:
Penelo, a character in Final Fantasy XII
Penelo (village), a village on Maré Island, New Caledonia
See also
Panelo
The 2015 European Beach Handball Championship was held in Lloret de Mar, Spain from 30 June to 5 July 2015.
Format
Men's competition contains twelve teams, split into two groups of six teams while women's competition contains fourteen teams, split in two groups of seven teams. After playing a round-robin, the four top ranked team advanced to the Main Round. Every team kept the points from preliminary round matches against teams who also advanced. In the main round every team had 2 games against the opponents they did not face in the preliminary round. All teams advanced to the Quarter-finals. The two bottom ranked team from each preliminary round group were packed into one group. The points won against the teams who were also in this group were valid.
Matches were played in sets, the team that wins two sets is the winner of a match. When teams are equal in points the head-to-head result was decisive.
Men
Seeding
Preliminary round
Group A
Group B
Main round
Group I
Group II
Placement round 9−12
Knockout stage
Championship bracket
5–8th place bracket
Final standings
Women
Seeding
Preliminary round
Group A
Group B
Main round
Group I
Group II
Placement round 9−14
Knockout stage
Championship bracket
5–8th place bracket
Final standings
References
European Beach Handball Championship
Beach Handball Championship
Beach Handball Championship
2015 in Spanish sport
International handball competitions hosted by Spain
The Television and Radio Industries Club (widely known as TRIC) is a British institution chartered in 1931 to "promote goodwill in the television and radio industries". The Club holds an annual awards ceremony each March honouring achievement in television and radio.
Membership is drawn from the communication, entertainment, manufacturing, warranty insurance and service sectors from programme makers and broadcasters to radio producers and makers.
TRIC president
The TRIC presidency is an honorary position that usually has a fixed term of one year. For the first few decades of its existence, TRIC presidents were drawn mainly from TV/Radio industry pioneers or the world of politics. The 1970s heralded a shift and marked a period which saw the appointment of numerous broadcast industry executives. The 1990s saw another shift with appointments from the world of popular entertainment. Notable holders have included Robert Maxwell, Michael Grade, Bob Monkhouse, Bernard Ingham and Tony Hadley
1980–present day
1940–1979
1930s
1939-40: The Right Honourable J. H. Thomas
1938-39: Major L. H. Peter (Chairman of the Radio Manufacturers Association and Chief engineer, Westinghouse Brake and Signal Company)
1937-38: M. M. Macqueen (Chairman of the Radio Manufacturers Association and later Chairman of General Electric Company)
TRIC Awards
Traditionally, the annual awards ceremony has taken place at the Grosvenor House Hotel, London, ever since the first Awards Lunch was held there in April 1969 when three awards were presented to Val Doonican, Kenneth Horne and The Forsyte Saga. In 2021 due to COVID restrictions the awards were presented in September instead of their usual March fixture and at 8 Northumberland Avenue near Trafalgar Square with an accompanying livestream.
Since 1992 it has been the honour of the TRIC president to host the awards ceremony, the only recent exceptions being the 2009 ceremony when Bill Turnbull stepped in on behalf of Sian Williams who was on maternity leave, and 2021 when Roman Kemp hosted in lieu of then president John Barrowman.
Award winners from the twentieth century have included sports presenter David Coleman, newscaster Jan Leeming and long-running radio drama, The Archers.
2022 winners
2021 winners
2020 winners
2019 winners
2018 winners
2017 winners
2016 winners
2015 winners
2014 winners
2013 winners
2012 winners
2011 winners
2010 winners
2009 winners
2008 winners
2007 winners
2006 winners
2005 winners
2004 winners
2003 winners
2002 winners
2001 awards
2000 awards
1999 awards
References
External links
The Television and Radio Industries Club
1931 establishments in the United Kingdom
Television organisations in the United Kingdom
Organizations established in 1931
British television awards
Tolata () is a locality in the Cochabamba Department in central Bolivia. It is the seat of the Tolata Municipality, the third municipal section of the Germán Jordán Province. At the time of census 2001 it had a population of 2,207.
References
Instituto Nacional de Estadistica de Bolivia (INE)
External links
Map of Germán Jordán Province
Populated places in Cochabamba Department
Son of the Sun () is a 2008 Turkish comedy film directed by Onur Ünlü.
Cast
Haluk Bilginer - Alper Canan
Özgü Namal - Sule
- Fikri Semsigil
Bülent Emin Yarar - Kurban Murat
Hümeyra - Saadet Semsigil
Tansu Biçer - Burak
Ahmet Kural - Ahmet
Görkem Yeltan - Cahide Canan
References
External links
2008 comedy films
2008 films
Turkish comedy films
Square Pie is a British food brand founded in Spitalfields, east London, which specialises in handmade pies.
History
It was founded in 2001, with the first outlet, "The Square Pie Company", being opened in Spitalfields Market in November of that year. After the success of this shop, and after expanding sales by supplying London venues such as The Social and The Lock Tavern and running a stall at Glastonbury, Square Pie opened a concession in Selfridges food hall in London in 2003. A third outlet was opened at Canary Wharf in June 2004 to be followed by sites at The Brunswick Centre in Russell Square, Heathrow Terminal 1, Lord's Cricket Ground and Twickenham. Square Pie went on to have outlets in Westfield White City, The O2, Birmingham Grand Central, Westfield Stratford City and a fusion brand Square and Co outlet in Bluewater.
The Square Pie brand was acquired in February 2018 by Beat Foods Ltd following Square Pie Limited entering administration due to the failure of its restaurant business. Beat Foods Ltd continues to produce Square Pie branded products for the Wholesale and Grocery Markets.
Retail
In 2007, Sainsbury's launched a Square Pie range across 71 of its stores raising to over 500 stores. As with those produced for Square Pies' outlets, the pies in this "Take Me Home and Bake Me" range are handmade, using only natural ingredients, with "clean and simple" packaging designed to reflect Square Pie's image as an "honest British food brand" – Square Pie outlets similarly use brown-board boxes as food containers. Following its successful launch into Sainsbury's, Square Pie launched into other retail outlets such as Ocado, Tesco, Coop Food and Waitrose.
Specialities
Among the over 116 different types of pies the company made between 2001 and 2006, Square Pie has produced tie-ins to sports championships, making a "humble pie" – kangaroo meat, red onion, field mushroom and Merlot – to mark Australia's loss at the 2003 Rugby World Cup, and running a "Pie World Cup" during the 2006 FIFA World Cup (won by the Senegalese Chicken Yasser). It also launched a pie branded with the London 2012 logo in 2004, in support of London's (successful) bid to host the Olympic Games in 2012.
References
External links
British pie brands
Catering and food service companies of the United Kingdom
Food manufacturers based in London
British companies established in 2001
Privately held companies of the United Kingdom
Restaurants established in 2001
Restaurants in London
The Aquarius 21 is an American trailerable sailboat that was designed by Peter Barrett as a cruiser and first built in 1969.
The design was also sold in slightly modified form as the Aquarius Pelican from about 1978 and, later, the Balboa 21.
Production
The design was built by Coastal Recreation, Inc in the United States, but it is now out of production.
Design
The Aquarius 21 is a recreational sailboat, built predominantly of fiberglass, with wood trim. It has a fractional sloop rig, a spooned raked stem, an angled transom, a "pop-top" cabin, a transom-hung rudder controlled by a tiller and a retractable centerboard.
The boat is normally fitted with a small outboard motor for docking and maneuvering.
The design has sleeping accommodation for four people, with a double "V"-berth in the bow cabin and two quarter berths in the main cabin, under the cockpit. The galley is located on the port side just forward of the companionway ladder. The galley is equipped with a stove and a sink. The head is located under the bow cabin "V" berth, on the port side. Cabin headroom is , or with the "pop-top" open.
The design has a PHRF racing average handicap of 273 and a hull speed of .
Variants
Aquarius 21
This model was introduced in 1969 and built until 1977. It has a length overall of , a waterline length of , displaces and carries of ballast, with the centerboard weighing of that. The boat has a draft of with the centerboard down and with the centerboard up.
Aquarius Pelican
This model was introduced in 1978 and incorporated minor changes.
Balboa 21
This later model has a length overall of , a waterline length of , displaces and carries of ballast. The boat has a draft of with the centerboard down and with the centerboard up.
Operational history
In a 2010 review Steve Henkel indicated that even though the boat was sold as sleeping four people, he would not recommend having more than two people on board overnight.
See also
List of sailing boat types
Related development
Aquarius 23
Balboa 16
Balboa 20
Balboa 22
Balboa 23
Balboa 24
References
1960s sailboat type designs
Sailing yachts
Trailer sailers
Sailboat type designs by Peter Barrett
Sailboat types built by Coastal Recreation, Inc
Giovanni Bertati (10 July 1735 – 1 March 1815) was an Italian librettist.
Bertati was born in Martellago, Italy. In 1763, he wrote his first libretto, La morte di Dimone ("The Death of Dimone"), set to music by Antonio Tozzi. Two years later, L'isola della fortuna ("The Island of Fortune"), based on Bertati's libretto and Andrea Luchesi's music, was performed in Vienna. During 1770, Bertati visited Vienna several times, where he collaborated with Baldassare Galuppi. Emperor Leopold II gave Bertati the title of Poeta Cesareo ("Imperial Poet") of the Italian Opera in Vienna, previously held by Lorenzo Da Ponte, who, a year earlier, fell in disgrace with the emperor. He died in Venice, Italy.
During his career as a librettist, Bertati was almost exclusively devoted to writing drammi giocosi. His most celebrated libretto is Il matrimonio segreto ("The Secret Marriage"), set to the music of Domenico Cimarosa, and premiered on 7 February 1792, in Vienna.
Libretti
The following is the list of 70 libretti by Bertati; the years refer to first performances.
La morte di Dimone ossia L'innocenza vendicata (music by Antonio Tozzi, 1763)
Serenata per musica (music by Andrea Luchesi, 1764)
L'isola della fortuna (music by Andrea Luchesi, 1765)
Il villano geloso (music by Baldassare Galuppi, 1769; music by Johann Gottlieb Naumann, 1770; music by Giuseppe Sarti under the title I finti eredi, 1785)
L'anello in cantanto (music by Ferdinando Bertoni, 1771)
Calandrino (music by Giuseppe Gazzaniga, 1771; music by Giuseppe Gazzaniga and Giacomo Rust under the title L'avaro deluso, 1773; music by Antonio Sacchini, 1778)
L'inimico delle donne (music by Baldassare Galuppi, 1771; music by Giuseppe Gazzaniga under the title Zon-Zon principe di Kibin-Kinka, 1773)
La locanda (music by Giuseppe Gazzaniga, 1771; music by Giovanni Paisiello under the title Il fanatico in berlina, 1791)
L'isola di Alcina (music by Giuseppe Gazzaniga, 1771–72; music by Giacomo Rust, 1772; music by Alessandro Bianchi, 1794)
I visionari (music by Gennaro Astarita, 1772; music by Giovanni Paisiello under the title Gli astrologi immaginari, 1779)
La contessa di Bimbimpoli (music by Gennaro Astarita, 1772)
La tomba di Merlino (music by Giuseppe Gazzaniga, 1772)
Armida (music by Johann Gottlieb Naumann, 1773; music by Johann Rudolf Zumsteeg, 1786)
Mirandolina (music by Pietro Alessandro Guglielmi, 1773; music by Luigi Caruso under the title La virtuosa alla moda, 1776; music by Vincenzo Fabrizi under the title L'amore per interesse, 1787)
Il tamburo notturno (music by Giovanni Paisiello, 1773; music by Giovanni Battista Lorenzi under the title Il tamburo)
La villanella incostante (music by Johann Gottlieb Naumann, 1773)
Il marito che non ha mogli (music by Gennaro Astarita, 1774)
Il geloso in cimento (music by Pasquale Anfossi, 1774)
Il principe ipocondriaco (music by Gennaro Astarita, 1774; music by Johann Gottlieb Naumann, 1776)
L'avaro (music by Pasquale Anfossi, 1775; also set by Gennaro Astarita, 1776 and Ferdinando Orlandi, 1801)
L'amor bizzarro ossia La gelosa di sé stesso (music by Giacomo Rust, 1775)
La novità (music by Felice Alessandri, 1775; music by Giovanni Valentini under the title Il capriccio drammatico, 1787)
La donna instabile (music by Giovanni Battista Borghi, 1776; music by Antonio Boroni, 1776; music by Giovanni Battista Borghi under the title Gli tre pretendenti, 1777)
Isabella e Rodrigo ossia La costanza in amore (music by Pasquale Anfossi, 1776)
Lo sposo disperato (music by Pasquale Anfossi, also under the title Il zotico incivilito, 1777; music by Vicenzo Nusco, 1808)
Il curioso indiscreto (music by Pasquale Anfossi, 1777) – disputed attribution
La forza delle donne (music by Pasquale Anfossi, also under the title Il trionfo delle donne, 1778; music by Bernardo Ottani under the title Le amazzoni, 1784; music by Peter von Winter under the title Ogus ossia Il trionfo del bel sesso; music by Giuseppe Nicolini under the title Ogus ossia Il trionfo del bel sesso, 1799)
Il cavalier errante (music by Tommaso Traetta, 1778)
Le industrie amorose (music by Bernardo Ottani, 1778; music by Pasquale Anfossi under the title Il matrimonio per inganno, 1779)
La vendemmia (music by Giuseppe Gazzaniga, also under the title Le vendemmie, 1778)
Azorre di Kibinga (music by Pasquale Anfossi, 1779)
Le nozze in contrasto (music by Giovanni Valentini, 1779)
Il più bel dono inutile (music by Antonio Rosetti, 1779)
I quaqueri (music by Antonio Rosetti, 1779)
Li rivali ridicoli (music by Michele Mortellari, 1780)
La statua matematica (music by Giovanni Valentini, 1780; music by Luigi Caruso under the title L'antiquario burlato ossia La statua matematica, 1786)
Le teste deboli (music by Francesco Salari, 1780)
L'imbroglio delle tre spose (music by Pasquale Anfossi, 1781)
Il marito geloso (music by Luigi Caruso, 1781)
L'opera nuova (music by Matteo Rauzzini, 1781)
Lo sposalizio per dispetto (music by Gaetano Monti, 1781)
Gli amanti alla prova (music by Luigi Caruso, 1783; music by Francesco Piticchio, also under the title Gli amanti dispettosi, 1784)
Le due sorelle incognite (music by Antonio Calegari, 1783)
La villanella rapita (music by Francesco Bianchi, 1783)
Il serraglio di Osmano (music by Giuseppe Gazzaniga, 1784)
Le spose ricuperate (music by Luigi Caruso, also under the title I campi elisi ossia Le spose ricuperate, 1785)
L'amore costante (music by Giuseppe Gazzaniga, 1786; music by Pierre Dutillieu under the title Nannerina e Pandolfino ossia Gli sposi in cimento, 1792)
La contessa di Novaluna (music by Vincenzo Fabrizi, 1786)
Le donne fanatiche (music by Giuseppe Gazzaniga, 1786)
Chi sta bene non si muova (music by Ferdinando Robuschi, 1787)
Don Giovanni Tenorio (music by Giuseppe Gazzaniga, 1787)
L'orfanella americana (music by Pasquale Anfossi, 1787; music by Friedrich Christoph Gestewitz, 1791)
Il curioso accidente (music by Gennaro Astarita, 1789)
La fata capricciosa (music by Francesco Gardi, 1789)
Il pazzo glorioso (music by Marcello Bernardini, 1790)
Il fanatico in berlina (music by Giovanni Paisiello, 1791)
L'impresario in scompiglio (music by Gennaro Astarita, 1791)
Il matrimonio segreto (music by Domenico Cimarosa, 1792; music by Anchille Graffigna, 1883)
Amor rende segace (music by Domenico Cimarosa, 1793)
La principessa di Amalfi (music by Joseph Weigl, also under the title La contessa di Amalfi, 1794)
La bella Lauretta (music by Francesco Gardi, 1795)
L'intrigo amoroso (music by Ferdinando Paer, also under the titles Il male vien dal buco, Saed ossia Il serraglio and Gli intrighi del serraglio, 1795)
Andromeda (music by Niccolò Antonio Zingarelli, 1796)
La donna innamorata (music by Giuseppe Nicolini, 1796)
La donna di genio volubile (music by Marcos António Portugal, 1796)
L'amor l'astuzia insegna (music by Francesco Gardi, 1797; music by Francesco Gardi, 1801)
Il medico di Lucca (music by Sebastiano Nasolini, also under the title Il medico dei bagni, 1797)
La pace (music by Vincenzo Panza; music by Simon Mayr and Gaetano Marinelli, 1798)
Le tre orfanelle ossia la Scola di musica (music by Marcello Bernardini, 1798)
Gli umori contrari (music by Sebastiano Nasolini, 1798)
"Melinda" (1798)
La bella selvaggia (music by Antonio Salieri, 1802)
Sources
Warrack, John and West, Ewan (1992), The Oxford Dictionary of Opera, 782 pages,
1735 births
1815 deaths
Italian opera librettists
Musicians from the Metropolitan City of Venice
18th-century Italian writers
18th-century Italian male writers
19th-century Italian writers
19th-century Italian male writers
Camp Dudley Road Historic District is a national historic district located at Westport, in Essex County, New York. The district contains 131 contributing buildings, one contributing site, and one contributing structure. It consists of an agricultural landscape and includes late-19th and early-20th century seasonal developments. Among the buildings are vernacular farmhouses in a variety of styles, barn complexes, a stone schoolhouse built in 1816, Skenewood Estate, the Stable Inn properties, Germain property, "Kenjockety," and Barber's Point Lighthouse. Camp Dudley, the oldest continuing boy's camp is located on a parcel in the southern part of the district.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
References
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
National Register of Historic Places in Essex County, New York
{{Infobox college softball team
|name = Syracuse Orange softball
|CurrentSeason =
|logo = Syracuse Orange logo.svg
|logo_size = 100
| founded = 2000
|university = Syracuse University
|conference = Atlantic Coast Conference
|conference_short = ACC
|city = Syracuse
|stateabb = NY
|state = New York (state)
|coach = Shannon Doepking
|tenure = 4th
|stadium = Skytop Softball Stadium
|capacity = 650
|nickname = Orange
|national_champion =
|wcws =
|super_regional =
|ncaa_tourneys = 2010, 2011, 2012
|conference_tournament =
Big East2010, 2011
ACC
|conference_champion =
}}
The Syracuse Orange softball''' team represents Syracuse University in NCAA Division I college softball. The team participates in the Atlantic Coast Conference. The Orange are currently led by head coach Shannon Doepking. The team plays its home games at Skytop Softball Stadium located on the university's campus.
History
Coaching history
Championships
Conference Tournament Championships
Coaching staff
Awards and honors
Conference Awards and Honors
Sources:
Big East Player of the Year
Alexis Switenko, 2006
Big East Pitcher of the Year
Jenna Caira, 2011
Big East Freshman of the Year
Tanya Rose, 2002
Erin Downey, 2005
Tonye McCorkle, 2006
Jenna Caira, 2009
References
Atlantic Coast Conference softball
The Panama tyrannulet or yellow-green tyrannulet (Phylloscartes flavovirens) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae. It is endemic to Panama. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
References
Panama tyrannulet
Endemic birds of Panama
Panama tyrannulet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 2018 Torneo Internazionale Femminile Antico Tiro a Volo was a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the tenth edition of the tournament and was part of the 2018 ITF Women's Circuit. It took place in Rome, Italy, on 2–8 July 2018.
Singles main draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings as of 25 June 2018.
Other entrants
The following players received a wildcard into the singles main draw:
Karolayne Alexandre da Rosa
Cristiana Ferrando
Camilla Rosatello
Stefania Rubini
The following player received entry using a protected ranking:
Réka Luca Jani
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Lisa Sabino
Liudmila Samsonova
Lucrezia Stefanini
Anastasia Zarycká
Champions
Singles
Dayana Yastremska def. Anastasia Potapova, 6–1, 6–0
Doubles
Laura Pigossi / Renata Zarazúa def. Anastasia Grymalska / Giorgia Marchetti, 6–1, 4–6, [13–11]
External links
2018 Torneo Internazionale Femminile Antico Tiro a Volo at ITFtennis.com
Official website
2018 ITF Women's Circuit
2018 in Italian sport
Tennis tournaments in Italy
A ficelle is a type of French bread loaf, made with yeast and similar to a baguette but much thinner. The word ficelle literally means "string" in French.
French breads
Ron Elisha (born 1951) is an Israeli-born Australian playwright, writer and general practitioner.
Born in Jerusalem Ron Elisha's family moved to Melbourne, Australia in 1953. In 1975 he graduated in Medicine from Melbourne University and has practised as a GP since then. His first play, In Duty Bound was staged in 1979. Since then he has written dozens of plays, two children's books and occasional pieces for newspapers. He has won four Australian Writers' Guild Awards, including the Major Award in 1982 for his 1981 play Einstein. His plays have also been shortlisted for multiple awards throughout Australia, Europe and the US, his work having been produced throughout Australia, New Zealand, United States, United Kingdom, Canada, Poland, Israel France, Belgium, Italy and Portugal.
Bibliography
Drama
In Duty Bound. (Yackandandah, 1983)
Two. (Currency, 1985)
Einstein. (Penguin/Yackandandah, 1986)
The Levine comedy. (Yackandandah, 1987)
Safe House. (Currency Press, 1989)
Esterhaz. (Currency Press, 1990)
Pax Americana. (Yackandandah, 1990)
Choice. (Currency Press, 1994)
The Goldberg Variations. (Currency Press, 2000)
A Tree, Fallng (Australian Script Centre, 2003, online)
Wrongful Life (Australian Script Centre, 2005, online)
Controlled Crying (Australian Script Centre, 2006, online)
Renaissance (Australian Script Centre, 2006, online)
The Schelling Point (Australian Script Centre, 2010, online)
"Man In The Middle" (Australian Script Centre, 2012, online)
"Love Field" (Australian Script Centre, 2013, online)
"The Soul Of Wittgenstein" 2016 (Australian Script Centre, 2016, online)
"Certificate Of Life" 2017 (Australian Script Centre, 2017, online)
"Window" 2017 (Australian Script Centre, 2018, online)
"Unsolicited Male" 2018 (Australian Script Centre, 2019, online)
"I Really Don't Care" 2019 (Australian Script Centre, 2019, online)
"21 Down" 2019 (Australian Script Centre, 2019, online)
"Falling In Love Again" 2020
"Donating Felix" 2020
Children's books
Pigtales. (Random House, 1994)
Too Big. (Random House, 1997)
Teleplays
"Death Duties" (part of Six Pack anthology series, BS TV, 1991)
References
External links
Life after medicine essay
The thin line essay
Reviev of Two
1951 births
Australian children's writers
Australian general practitioners
Australian dramatists and playwrights
Israeli emigrants to Australia
Israeli Jews
Jewish Australian writers
Jewish dramatists and playwrights
Living people
Medical doctors from Melbourne
Writers from Jerusalem
Writers from Melbourne
John “LJ” Strenio, born on February 8, 1989 in Burlington, Vermont, is a professional freestyle skier who is featured in numerous feature-length films and competes professionally around the world.
Biography
Strenio was born on February 8, 1989 in Burlington, Vermont. He started skiing at the young age of 7 at Smuggler's Notch, Vermont, and quickly was skiing competitively.
In high school, he attended an academy with a renowned freestyle program called Waterville Valley Academy in New Hampshire.
While Strenio attended the freestyle portion of the program, the school's tuition was too high for him, so he brought his school work from Burlington High School in Vermont to the academy in New Hampshire to work through his assignments with a tutor.
His freestyle skiing career began at the age of 16 when he won the 3rd Avila Young Gun Open, beating out over 100 other competitors and gaining him exposure in the freestyle skiing community.
In the same year, he entered Level 1's Super Unknown III ski edit contest but lost to Michael Clarke. While still in high school, he began filming with east coast film company Meathead Films and has been featured in their movies Born from Ice, Snow Gods, Wanderland, Wild Stallions, Work it Out, Head for the Hills, and Prime Cut. After graduating from high school, he attended the University of Utah pursuing a dual major in English and Film. His school life is balanced with a busy schedule in competing and filming in freestyle skiing. In an interview with ESPN, LJ Strenio brought up how chaotic things could be with his schedule. He would sometimes have to pass up filming segments due to conflicts with his contest schedule.
Film career
Besides his long relationship with Meathead Films, Strenio has been featured in Poor Boys Production's films Revolver and his first full segment in Grand Bizarre. In addition, he films with Salt Lake City based 4BI9 Media and Rage Films Pretty Good. Strenio is known as well for his appearances in multiple online videos. He has made frequent appearances on the popular web series Line Traveling Circus from his initial appearance in episode 1.3 The incredible Journey NY to CO . Strenio has been featured in six episodes each exceeding 60,000 views as of 4/14/2012. Additionally, he is in the online videos: 10-11 LJ Strenio season edit pt1, 10-11 LJ Strenio season edit pt2, 12 Crazy Days of Christmas, JOSS Entry LJ Strenio, JOSS Team Newschoolers.
Competitive career
His 2010 JOSS (Jon Olsson Super Sessions) video entry earned him a spot on the JOSS Team Newschoolers alongside X Games Gold medalist Gus Kenworthy and Matt Walker. His video entry to King of Style 2010 placed him in the five finalists to compete in King of style. Furthermore, Strenio won the 3rd, 4th, and 5th Rails to Riches rail jams held annually at Killington Resort in Vermont. He competed in the Dew Tour 2010-11 and 2011–12, and placed 3rd at WSI 2009 and 8th WSI 2011. Additionally, he competed in the Denver Big Air. In the Readers Poll Skier of the Year, LJ Strenio made it to the round of 16. His unique, upbeat style and attitude and technical tricks have given him a wide audience. LJ Strenio was nominated for best manmade air, and best jib in the annual 2012 Powder Magazine awards. He was on the front page of Europe's Skiing Magazine. In 2010, he competed in his first marathon, The Layton Marathon. He placed 2nd for the 20-24 age division with a time of 3:25:37.4.
Injuries
Strenio injured his wrist and had to have surgery and wear a cast for two years. In April 2010, he also tore his ACL, ending his season. He injured a knee again filming in Finland 2012. The injury, a shattered kneecap was the worst injury of his career. Finnish doctors told him he would never ski again. LJ skied again.
Coaching
During the summers, he regularly coaches at freestyle skiing camps including Axis Freeride water ramps in Salt Lake City, Camp of Champions in British Columbia, Canada, and Windells in Mount Hood, Oregon.
Charity
In 2011 following the devastation of Hurricane Irene, a limited number of photos from the Meathead film Prime Cut were sold by Ski the East with the profits donated to the Mad River Valley Community Fund to provide flood relief for those affected by the hurricane.
Sponsors
His sponsors are Powder Huffer, O'Neill, Giro, Line Skis, Scott, EC headwear, and Ski the East.
References
American male freestyle skiers
1989 births
Sportspeople from Burlington, Vermont
Living people
Success is an album by the Seattle alternative rock band the Posies, released in 1998. The band broke up after the album's release; they regrouped in 2005.
Critical reception
AllMusic called Success "the most laid-back album the Posies have recorded to date; freed of the glossy production of their Geffen years and of the major label pressure to record a 'hit,' they turned out an album that was more immediate, more relaxed, and more theirs."
Track listing
All songs by Jon Auer and Ken Stringfellow.
"Somehow Everything"
"You're the Beautiful One"
"Looking Lost"
"Fall Apart With Me"
"Placebo"
"Who to Blame"
"Start a Life"
"Friendship of the Future"
"Grow"
"Farewell Typewriter"
"Every Bitter Drop"
"Fall Song"
Personnel
Credits adapted from Discogs
The Posies
Jon Auer - guitar, synthesizer, vocals
Ken Stringfellow - guitar, vocals
Joe Skyward - bass
Brian Young - drums
Production
Conrad Uno, Johnny Sangster, The Posies - producer, mixing
Mark Guenther - mastering
Artwork and Design
Rusty Willoughby - cover art, design
Bootsy Holler - photography
References
1998 albums
The Posies albums
Albums produced by Johnny Sangster
PopLlama Records albums
Md Aminul Haque Bhuyan (born 19 November 1952) is a Bangladeshi academic and the current Vice-chancellor of Bangladesh Islami University since April 2022. He was the 9th Vice-chancellor of Shahjalal University of Science and Technology and of Z.H. Sikder University of Science & Technology, Shariatpur, Bangladesh.
Education and career
Bhuyan completed his master's degree and Ph.D. from the University of Dhaka. He earned the MCN (Master of Community Nutrition ) degree from the University of Queensland.
Bhuyan was a faculty member of the University of Dhaka (former Professor and director) at the Institute of Nutrition and Food Science.
References
Living people
1952 births
People from Mymensingh District
University of Dhaka alumni
University of Queensland alumni
University of Dhaka faculty
Vice-Chancellors of Shahjalal University of Science and Technology
Vice-Chancellors of Bangladesh Islami University
The Center for Sustainable Global Enterprise (CSGE) is a center of applied research, learning and practice in the Samuel Curtis Johnson Graduate School of Management (Johnson) at Cornell University.
History
In 2002, motivated by his desire to see the Johnson Graduate School of Management continue as a provider of solutions to difficult challenges of our day, the late Samuel C. Johnson endowed the SC Johnson Professorship in Sustainable Global Enterprise. He stipulated that the Professorships' role be to enhance students' understanding of global sustainability and prepare them for management of equitable, as well as economically and environmentally sustainable enterprises. Stuart Hart assumed the SC Johnson Professorship in 2003.
A second gift provided an initial endowment and operating funds to establish the Center for Sustainable Global Enterprise in 2004 with Stuart Hart as its Founding Director. Mark Milstein became the full-time Director of the Center in 2006, with Dr. Hart continuing as the Samuel C. Johnson Professor in Sustainable Global Enterprise.
Approach
The Center frames global sustainability challenges as business opportunities, and works with firms to specify innovative, entrepreneurial, and new business alternatives they can implement in the marketplace. Its programs include those focused on market and enterprise creation (particularly in low income communities), clean technology innovation and sustainable finance.
Applied ResearchThe Center is active in researching new approaches to business model creation, generating applied research geared toward the development of new managerial skills and identifying revolutionary processes and techniques for the commercialization of next-generation, clean technologies and business-led solutions to global poverty. The Center's faculty and researchers look to publish their findings in peer-reviewed journals, books and practitioner-oriented articles.
PartnershipsThe Center's programs and activities serve a variety of partners, including companies, NGOs, multilateral organizations, government entities, entrepreneurs, students and alumni. Companies and organizations such as General Electric, IBM, International Finance Corporation, Pfizer and Shell Hydrogen have partnered with the Center to sponsor projects conducted by teams of students under the guidance of faculty.
Performance Learning The Center follows Johnson's learning style that requires students to perform (deliver results) in a real business setting. This approach integrates three elements: students (1) learn theoretical frameworks, and (2) apply them to real-world situations, while (3) receiving continuous feedback from experts. Johnson's flagship performance learning experience is its semester-long immersion program.
Sustainable Global Enterprise (SGE) Immersion - Founded in 2006, the Sustainable Global Enterprise Immersion is one of the six immersion programs offered at Johnson where students pick an area of specialization. The SGE Immersion has been designed to allow for maximum flexibility, while maintaining a rigorous program. It consists of 3 overlapping and interconnected phases:
Sustainable Enterprise Boot Camp - Students spend 8 hours a day for 6 days before the semester begins reading, discussing and analyzing the nature of social and environmental sustainability and the prospects for sustainable enterprise. This week ends with an introduction to student projects that will be completed throughout the semester.
Sustainable Global Enterprise - A 1/2 semester course that dives into cases and in-depth research highlighting the past successes and failures of sustainable enterprise.
Sustainable Global Enterprise Practicum Projects - By participating in company-sponsored projects secured through the Center, students develop the critical thinking and analytical skills necessary to take on leadership roles in business, regardless of industry or functional area. Past projects include work with GE, Dupont, Dow Corning, the Environmental Credit Corporation, WaterHealth International and Plebys International.
People
The Center is Directed by Dr. Mark Milstein, and Dr. Stuart Hart maintains the S.C. Johnson Chair of Sustainable Global Enterprise.
References
External links
Center for Sustainable Global Enterprise website
Cornell University
Shavers Mountain, is a high and rugged ridge situated in the Allegheny Mountains of eastern West Virginia. It is about long, north to south, and several of its peaks exceed in elevation. Shavers Mountain is notable for being "bookended", at its northern and southern ends, by two exceptional natural areas: the Otter Creek Wilderness and the Gaudineer Scenic Area, respectively, both of which preserve small stands of old growth forest on the mountain.
Geography
Most Shavers Mountain lies within eastern Randolph County, although along its southern third, its crest forms the boundary between Randolph and Pocahontas Counties. Shavers Mountain is defined to the west by the valley of Shavers Forks and to the east by the valley of Glady Fork, West Fork of Glady Fork and the West Fork Greenbrier River.
Shavers Mountain is part of the Shavers Fork Mountain Complex, which includes Cheat Mountain to the west and Middle Mountain to the east. Shavers Mountain's northern end is in a bend of Dry Fork of Cheat River near the town of Gladwin. Its southern end is at U.S. Route 250, south of which the same structural fold continues as Back Allegheny Mountain. The highest point of Shavers Mountain is located just north of US 250 at Gaudineer Knob, which has an elevation of .
History
According to E.C. Wyatt, a local historian who published in The Randolph Enterprise newspaper in the 1920s, the mountain was named for Peter Shaver, an early settler to the area who was killed by Indians. Wyatt believed that in 1848 his grandfather, Ellis Wyatt, became the first man to build a house on Shavers Mountain. Ellis was a farmer, merchant, civil engineer, surveyor, constable, deputy sheriff, and a miller. He was apparently the first and only man to vote a Democratic ticket in the Dry Fork District in the first election held after the Civil War. Indeed, no Democratic ticket had been printed in the District, so one had to be written to accommodate him. In June 1879, Ellis Wyatt became the first postmaster of the town of Alpena, holding the position until 1897.
The timber industry in West Virginia grew rapidly towards the end of the 19th century. In the early 1900s, Shavers Mountain was almost completely denuded of trees. For the most part, native trees have been allowed to grow back naturally, with only some non-native Norway spruce planted on top of the mountain in the 1920s.
Preservation and recreation
Most Shavers Mountain lies within the Monongahela National Forest. The Shavers Mountain Spruce-Hemlock Stand is a virgin red spruce-hemlock stand, partly within the Otter Creek Wilderness. (The Otter Creek Wilderness lies in a bowl formed by Shavers Mountain and McGowan Mountain.) The Gaudineer Scenic Area, encompassing around Gaudineer Knob, includes about of virgin red spruce forest.
The Shavers Mountain Trail, somewhat strenuous but affording exceptional views, is long.
References
External links
Shavers Mountain Survey Project, an effort by cavers of the VAR (Virginia Region of the NSS) to locate, push and survey the caves of Shavers Mountain.
Ridges of West Virginia
Landforms of Randolph County, West Virginia
Landforms of Tucker County, West Virginia
Ridges of Pocahontas County, West Virginia
Allegheny Mountains
Monongahela National Forest
The Xueheng School (), also known as the Hsueh-Heng School or the Critical Review group, was a major school of thought against the New Culture Movement in China. Active in the 1920s and 1930s, the school founded and published the academic journal of The Critical Review, also known by Xueheng in Chinese, and was named after the journal. The school was impacted by the New Humanism of Irving Babbitt, amid the crisis of modernity debates after the First World War. Thus, the school went against full westernization of China, but rather promote careful, selective absorption of western culture.
History
The Shandong Problem after the First World War irritated the general public in China, leading to the May Fourth Movement and promoting the New Culture Movement. While Chen Duxiu and Hu Shih severely criticized and denied the Chinese culture and blamed it as the root cause of China's falling behind in modernization in the journal La Jeunesse, their ideas were not accepted by many Chinese students who were then studying in the United States. Irving Babbitt, who taught at Harvard University from 1912 to 1933, due to his respect to Oriental cultures and values, was well-regarded among the Chinese students. According to Wu Mi, Babbitt's Chinese students at Harvard included Mei Guangdi, Wu Mi, Tang Yongtong, Zhang Xinhai, Lou Guanglai, Lin Yutang, Liang Shiqiu and Guo Binhe.
Invited by Mei Guangdi, Wu Mi returned from the United States and began teaching comparative literature at National Southeastern University in Nanjing, China in the fall of 1921. With further support from Liu Boming, Wu and Mei founded the Department of Western Literature at Southeastern and invited their like-minded colleagues at Harvard to teach at Southeastern. Together, they founded and published the journal of The Critical Review in 1922, which headquartered at Wu Mi's residence in Nanjing where these group of scholars met regularly and was published by Chung-hua Shu-chü. Any who published in the journal were considered a member of the group, which initially were mostly students and faculty at Southeastern. Mei Guangdi, Wu Mi, Hu Xianxiao, Liu Boming and Liu Yizheng were top authors in the journal.
However, with the death of Liu Boming in November 1923, the Department of Western Literature was closed by the university in April 1924, leading to separation of the group. Mei Guangdi came to teach at Harvard while Hu Xianxiao also came there to do a PhD in Plant Biology. Wu Mi went to teach at Northeastern University, followed by Miao Fenglin and Jing Changji. As only a few members wrote for the journal, the journal gradually became totally controlled by Wu Mi. Since Wu Mi began to teach at Tsinghua University in 1925, the faculty of Tsinghua Academy of Chinese Learning, including Wang Guowei, Chen Yinke and Liang Qichao also join the group.
In 1932, the group members became unsatisfied with Wu's monopoly over the journal and demanded the journal to be published by Zhongshan Publishing House, which was newly founded by Zhang Qiyun in Nanjing, which led to Wu's resignation. Miao Fenglin was appointed as the new editor-in-chief. In 1933, Liu Yizheng, Zhang Qiyun and Miao Fenglin at Southeastern decided to abandon The Critical Review and founded a new journal named Guofeng. Journal of Historical geography run by Liu Yizheng and his students at Southeastern, and Thoughts and Times founded by Zhang Qiyun at Zhejiang University were also considered to be associated with the group.
References
Nanjing University
Birr GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club located in the town of Birr in County Offaly, Ireland. The club is almost exclusively concerned with the game hurling and is one of the most successful hurling clubs in the country.
While a number of teams represented Birr in the 1880s and 1890s, the current club was formally founded in 1909. St Brendan's Park, located on the south side of the town on Railway Road, is the home ground of the club.
Honours
All-Ireland Senior Club Hurling Championships: 4
1995, 1998, 2002, 2003
Leinster Senior Club Hurling Championships: 7
1991, 1994, 1997, 1999, 2001, 2002, 2007
Offaly Senior Hurling Championships: 22
1912, 1913, 1915, 1938, 1940, 1943, 1944, 1946, 1948, 1971, 1991, 1994, 1997, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008
Offaly Intermediate Hurling Championships: 4
1997, 1998, 1999, 2007
Offaly Junior A Hurling championship: 1
1985
Offaly Junior Football Championships: 5
1918, 1946, 1992, 2001, 2005
Notable players
Declan Pilkington
Johnny Pilkington
Brian Whelahan
References
External links
Birr town GAA Club website
Gaelic Athletic Association clubs in County Offaly
Hurling clubs in County Offaly
Birr, County Offaly
"Puzzle" is a song by South Korean pop rock band CNBLUE. It was released on May 11, 2016, as their 10th single under Warner Music Japan and 13th single overall in Japan. The song was written by lead vocalist Jung Yong-hwa. Revolving around the theme of a wedding, "Puzzle" deals with the idea of "eternal love".
The single was released in four editions: Regular Edition, Limited Editions A and B, and a fan club-only Boice Limited Edition. "Puzzle" debuted on the weekly Oricon Singles Chart at number four and has sold over 30,000 copies since its release. The band embarked on the CNBLUE Spring Live 2016 "We're Like a Puzzle" arena tour, where they held four concerts in Aichi, Tokyo, and Osaka.
Background
Due to the band's fifth anniversary since its major-label debut in Japan, Jung took interest in composing a song about marriage. With the idea of making a "flashy" lead single, he decided to write a "catchy" track. In crafting the song, Jung sought to create "pop melodies and lyrics with a story, but also linked to the visual, such as a CD jacket and music video".
"Puzzle" was announced as CNBLUE's 10th single on March 6, 2016, with a release date of May 11. It serves as commemoration for the band's major-label debut five years prior.
Composition
"Puzzle" was written by vocalist Jung Yong-hwa, and Japanese-language translations were provided by Hasegawa. The song was composed by Jung, Han Seung-hoon, and Ko Jin-yeong; it was arranged by the latter two. Described as a "bright" alternative rock and synthpop track, it is the band's first wedding-themed song; the lyrics revolves around "eternal love". He described the arrangement of the song as being "60% upper band sound and 40% dance music".
The single was accompanied by two coupling tracks. "Take Me Higher" was written by Jung and Takashi Ogawa. Likewise, the song was composed by Jung, Han, and Ko; it was arranged by Shogo Ohnishi. Lyrically, the songs conveys the band's sentiment of exceeding its potential. "Be My Lover" was written by Lee Jong-hyun, who also composed the track alongside Kim Jae-yang and Park Hyun-woo; it was arranged by the latter two. Additional guitars were provided by Lee Tae-wook and Park, and additional bass provided by Ko. In order to express its "poetic sentiment", the song is sung entirely in English to capture the "emotions, feelings, and delicate nuances" of the lyrics. All three songs were recorded in Seoul at the FNC Entertainment Studio.
Release and promotion
The music video for "Puzzle" was scheduled to be broadcast on Tokyo Broadcasting System Television's variety show Ōsama no Brunch () on April 16, but was postponed following the Kumamoto earthquake earlier that day. Instead, a 90-second preview was released on Yahoo! Japan's video on demand service GyaO later that day. The full music video was uploaded onto YouTube two days later. The title track was released as a digital download on May 4. This was followed by the release of a video digest for the single on the subsequent day.
"Puzzle" was released on May 11 in four editions: Regular Edition; Limited Edition A with bonus DVD content that includes multi-angle performance footage of CNBLUE's Spring Love 2015 "White" concert that took place at the Yokohama Arena, the music video for the single, and a special feature; Limited Edition B with bonus DVD content that includes performance footage of the 2016 Arena Tour "Be a Supernova" concert that took place at the Osaka-jō Hall; and Boice Limited Edition with bonus DVD content that includes performance footage of "Let's Go Crazy", "Heart Song", "Stay Sober", "Foxy", "White", and "Radio" from the CNBLUE Official Fan Meeting 2015 Boice "Natsu Matsuri" event, and the Boice Special Movie "Bouquet Making".
The band embarked on the CNBLUE Spring Live 2016 "We're Like a Puzzle" arena tour concerts, which began on May 22 in Aichi at the Nippon Gaishi Hall, and continued through May 26–27 in Tokyo at Nippon Budokan, and on May 31 in Osaka at the Osaka-jō Hall. Performing 22 songs at each concert, the tour accumulated 40,000 attendees in total.
Chart performance
"Puzzle" sold 21,304 copies in its first day of release and ranked number three on the daily Oricon Singles Chart. On the issue dated May 23, 2016, the single debuted at number four on the weekly Oricon Singles Chart, selling 28,691 copies in its first week. On the same issue date, the song debuted at number 15 on the Billboard Japan Hot 100. It has sold 30,701 copies in the country since its release.
Track listing
Credits and personnel
Credits adapted from the single's liner notes.
CNBLUE – background vocals
Jung Yong-hwa – guitar, vocals, lyricist, composer
Kang Min-hyuk – drums
Lee Jong-hyun – guitar, vocals, lyricist, composer
Lee Jung-shin – bass
Han Seung-hoon – composer, arranger
Hasegawa – lyricist
Kenichi 'NK-1' Nakamura – mixing engineer
Kim Jae-yang – composer, arranger
Ko Jin-yeong – composer, arranger, bass
Lee Tae-wook – guitar
Lee Yu-jin – mixing engineer
Park Hyun-woo – composer, arranger, guitar
Shogo Ohnishi – arranger
Takashi Ogawa – lyricist
Charts
References
External links
2016 singles
2016 songs
Alternative rock songs
CNBLUE songs
Japanese-language songs
Songs about marriage
Songs written by Jung Yong-hwa
South Korean synth-pop songs
Warner Music Japan singles
Pir Gaz (, also Romanized as Pīr Gaz) is a village in Eshqabad Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 269, in 69 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Further is the eighth studio album by English singer-songwriter Richard Hawley. It was released on 31 May 2019 by BMG Rights Management. The album is the first by Hawley not to be named after a location or landmark in his local city of Sheffield.
Critical reception
Reviews of Further were generally positive. Guy Oddy of The Arts Desk described the record as "Roy Orbison fronting Phil Spector's famous Wall of Sound", and stated that "while Richard Hawley has little to say about the stuff that causes a stir in the media, there is plenty about the things that everyone comes across while drifting into middle age and realising that youthful vitality is no longer powering life – and that's pretty universal". The Guardians Dave Simpson observed that Hawley "seems to forever find unexpected new themes to inspire him" and that "Hawley certainly isn't tearing up the blueprint, but within the boundaries of his domain, nobody does it better".
Track listing
Charts
References
2019 albums
BMG Rights Management albums
Richard Hawley albums
Nelly Martyl (1 April 1884 – 9 November 1953), born Nelly Adèle Anny Martin, was a French opera singer based in Paris who participated in several world premieres. During World War I and the 1918 flu epidemic, she worked as a nurse and received the Croix de Guerre for her service.
Early life
Nelly Adèle Anny Martin was born in Paris, the daughter of Jules Edouard Martin and Hélène Fleming. Her mother was English. She trained as a singer at the Conservatoire de Paris, studying with teachers Martini and Jacques Isnardon.
Career
Martyl was a soprano opera singer in Paris. She made her professional debut in 1907 in Gluck's Armide. She joined the Opéra-Comique in 1909, where she appeared as Micaela in Bizet's Carmen, Sophie in Massenet's Werther, Mimi in Puccini's La bohème and in the title role of Massenet's Manon, among others. Martyl performed in several world premieres, including Le Borne's La Catalane (1907), Erlanger's La Sorcière (1912), and, at the Monte Carlo Opera, Massenet's Amadis in 1922. She appeared in London's Royal Opera House Covent Garden in 1910, and recorded a duet in 1911. She was featured in fashion magazines, wearing gowns by Paris designers.
During World War I, she became a Red Cross nurse. She served at the Battle of Verdun in 1916, where she was called "la fée de Verdun" (the fairy of Verdun), and at the Second Battle of the Aisne in 1917. She also gave recitals in the military hospitals, and sang at benefit concerts. She was wounded and gassed, and after the war continued as a nurse during the 1918 flu epidemic. She was decorated with the Croix de Guerre with the carte du combattant (signifying service under particular hazard) in 1920.
After the war, Martyl created a charitable medical foundation with automobile racer Magdeleine Goüin, and the Nelly-Martyl Foundation's dispensary opened in 1929 in Paris; the building was razed in 2017, despite some efforts to preserve it.
Personal life
In 1909, Nelly Martyl married French artist Georges Scott. She died in 1954, aged 69 years, at Versailles. In 2016, to mark the centenary of Verdun, a novel about Martyl, La fée de Verdun by , was published.
References
External links
Ashok Arakelyan (May 21, 2017). "Forgotten Opera Singers: Nelly Martyl (Soprano) (1884–1953)", a blog post about Martyl.
Gerard (December 27, 2019). "Nelly Martyl, la fée de Verdun" Paris à Nu, a blog post about Martyl.
A recording of Nelly Martyl singing in 1911, from YouTube.
1884 births
1953 deaths
Singers from Paris
French women in World War I
Recipients of the Croix de Guerre (France)
People in health professions from Paris
French women nurses
20th-century French women opera singers
Conservatoire de Paris alumni
French people of English descent
The 12th constituency of Bouches-du-Rhône is a French legislative constituency in Bouches-du-Rhône.
Deputies
Elections
2022
|-
| colspan="8" bgcolor="#E9E9E9"|
|-
2017
2012
|- style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:center;"
! colspan="2" rowspan="2" style="text-align:left;" | Candidate
! rowspan="2" colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" | Party
! colspan="2" | 1st round
! colspan="2" | 2nd round
|- style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:center;"
! width="75" | Votes
! width="30" | %
! width="75" | Votes
! width="30" | %
|-
| style="background-color:" |
| style="text-align:left;" | Vincent Burroni
| style="text-align:left;" | Socialist Party
| PS
|
| 27.36%
|
| 37.34%
|-
| style="background-color:" |
| style="text-align:left;" | Éric Diard
| style="text-align:left;" | Union for a Popular Movement
| UMP
|
| 28.11%
|
| 36.60%
|-
| style="background-color:" |
| style="text-align:left;" | Paul Cupolati
| style="text-align:left;" | Front National
| FN
|
| 26.68%
|
| 26.06%
|-
| style="background-color:" |
| style="text-align:left;" | Jean-Claude Labranche
| style="text-align:left;" | Left Front
| FG
|
| 7.10%
| colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" |
|-
| style="background-color:" |
| style="text-align:left;" | Patrick Viloria
| style="text-align:left;" | Miscellaneous Right
| DVD
|
| 4.65%
| colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" |
|-
| style="background-color:" |
| style="text-align:left;" | Pierre Souvent
| style="text-align:left;" | Europe Ecology – The Greens
| EELV
|
| 2.60%
| colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" |
|-
| style="background-color:" |
| style="text-align:left;" | Alde Vinci
| style="text-align:left;" | Far Right
| EXD
|
| 0.92%
| colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" |
|-
| style="background-color:" |
| style="text-align:left;" | Jérôme Ravenet
| style="text-align:left;" | Ecologist
| ECO
|
| 0.88%
| colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" |
|-
| style="background-color:" |
| style="text-align:left;" | Corinne Avedissian
| style="text-align:left;" | Ecologist
| ECO
|
| 0.66%
| colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" |
|-
| style="background-color:" |
| style="text-align:left;" | André Boye
| style="text-align:left;" | Miscellaneous Right
| DVD
|
| 0.48%
| colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" |
|-
| style="background-color:" |
| style="text-align:left;" | François Roche
| style="text-align:left;" | Far Left
| EXG
|
| 0.38%
| colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" |
|-
| style="background-color:" |
| style="text-align:left;" | Faouzi Djedou-Benabid
| style="text-align:left;" | Other
| AUT
|
| 0.17%
| colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" |
|-
| style="background-color:" |
| style="text-align:left;" | Benjamin Durand
| style="text-align:left;" | Miscellaneous Left
| DVG
|
| 0.03%
| colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" |
|-
| colspan="8" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="4" style="text-align:left;" | Total
|
| 100%
|
| 100%
|-
| colspan="8" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|-
| colspan="4" style="text-align:left;" | Registered voters
|
| style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|
| style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|-
| colspan="4" style="text-align:left;" | Blank/Void ballots
|
| 1.33%
|
| 1.52%
|-
| colspan="4" style="text-align:left;" | Turnout
|
| 56.59%
|
| 57.30%
|-
| colspan="4" style="text-align:left;" | Abstentions
|
| 43.41%
|
| 42.70%
|-
| colspan="8" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="6" style="text-align:left;" | Result
| colspan="2" style="background-color:" | PS GAIN FROM UMP
|}
2007
2002
|-
| colspan="8" bgcolor="#E9E9E9"|
|-
1997
|-
| colspan="8" bgcolor="#E9E9E9"|
|-
References
12
Lebanese Surinamese people are Surinamese citizens of Lebanese origin or descent.
History
The first Lebanese, Nicolas Karkabé, arrived in Suriname around 1890 and settled there. He began as a peddler in the countryside but became a wealthy merchant in only a short time. The next Lebanese, mostly Maronites, arrived in the 1990s from French Guiana. Within Lebanon they originate from a specific region, Bsharri, a small (agrarian based) village (Bazaoun). Within Suriname they entered the textile trade that they dominate at present. The modest migration to Suriname continues to this day and this small group of Lebanese expatriates now counts 500 members.
Notes
References
G.A. de Bruĳne J. Veltkamp, 2006, Libanese Surinamers, Leiden,
Ethnic groups in Suriname
Lebanese diaspora in South America
Suriname
Margit Anna (born Margit Sichermann; 23 December 1913 – 3 June 1991) was a twentieth century Hungarian painter.
Her artwork was considered abstract expressionism, utilizing bold colors and textures in her work, along with influences of surrealism. Her largest influences for her work were her own identity, particularly after her husband death during World War II, leaving her widowed; as well as humankind's exposure to tragedy throughout history.
During Stalinist rule of Hungary, she was barred from participating in the art world, but she began to paint again in the mid-1960s. Her pictures symbolized suppressed tragedy such as Pleasure Ride, (1967), and innocence Tale (1964) with surreal and expressive metamorphoses of the puppet motif. She died on 3 June 1991, aged 77.
Biography
Early life
Born in 1913, Marigit Anna (born Margit Sichermann) was born to a Jewish family from the Hungarian town of Borota, located in the Jánoshalma district of Bács-Kiskun county.
Margit attended the Hungarian Academy of Fine Arts in 1936 as a pupil of János Vaszary, with her first exhibition arranged with her husband, Imre Ámos, who was also an artist. After finishing school, she moved from Budapest to Szentendre and continued to create artwork. While visiting Paris in 1937 with her husband, she met Marc Chagall, who influenced both her artwork greatly upon her return to Hungary. Her early period was similar to Imre Ámos's art with lyric presentation with grotesque elements which characterize her paintings. Her work was mostly figurative, featuring self-portraits, but has the foundations of later expressionism through the use of bold, blocked colors and expressive brushstrokes.
World War II
Margit and her husband Imre lived relatively peacefully until World War II. After being called to the battlefield, Imre was killed in a Nazi concentration camp in 1944. Widowed, Margit's art was greatly impacted by the loss of her husband, her paintings becoming notably harsher and more elemental compare to her earlier works. Her work embraced a new motif after his death, using puppet-like figures throughout her paintings. These puppets often interacted with various tragedies of humankind, such as the Holocaust, through surrealist images.
Margit also created a number of self-portraits depicting herself in different scenarios, experimenting with her self-image and her place in the world. Her status as a Jewish widow in poverty lead Margit to depict her differences through her art and subverting them with her self-portraits as well, depicting herself in positions such as a dancer, prostitute, and circus performer. Her work has become much more expressive and abstract, utilizing layers of paint, and distorting the human figure.
Through the encouragement of the art community in Szentendre, particularly Lajos Vajda and Dezsö Korniss, Margit began to expand on her work and incorporated traditional Hungarian folklore motif and symbols. She co-founded the Hungarian European School in 1945, and exhibited her work in their galleries regularly.
Stalinist Rule of Hungary
During the Communist rule in Hungary, Margit Anna and her artwork became classified as "forbidden" under the "Three T" rule implemented throughout the country. This category lead to Margit's work being banned from showing, leaving her unable to show any of her art in exhibitions until 1968. This was due to the subversive nature of her work, which depicted women as witches, religious themes, as well as a connection to traditional Hungarian folklore and art. During this time, Margit survived on selling occasional commission pieces to private clients.
Death
Margit's final paintings returned to the topic of self-portraiture. She depicted herself in her old age and her body growing frailer, returning to her concepts of identity. These self-portraits were the last paintings she created before her death on 3 June 1991, at age 77.
Works
An entire gallery of Anna's works
References
1913 births
1991 deaths
Jewish women painters
Jewish painters
Hungarian Jews
Hungarian women painters
20th-century Hungarian painters
20th-century Hungarian women artists
Ratne igre (trans. War Games) is the second studio album from Serbian and former Yugoslav hard rock band Kerber, released on 14 March 1985.
Ratne igre was the first Kerber album on which the band cooperated with lyricist Duško Arsenijević. The album featured more commercial sound than the band's previous album, Nebo je malo za sve, and the title track "Ratne igre" became major hit, and brought popularity to Kerber across former Yugoslavia.
The track "Get Me Out", recorded on 13 December 1984 at a Kerber concert in Liverpool, is an English language version of "Mezimac", the track released on previous Kerber album, Nebo je malo za sve.
Track listing
Personnel
Goran Šepa - vocals
Tomislav Nikolić - guitar
Branislav Božinović - keyboards
Zoran Žikić - bass guitar
Zoran Stamenković - drums
Additional personnel
Gordon Rowley - producer, recorded by
Paul Winstone - recorded by
Tony Walsh - recorded by
Malcolm Davis - mastered by
Legacy
In 2015 Sympathy for the Devil album cover was ranked 91st on the list of 100 Greatest Album Covers of Yugoslav Rock published by web magazine Balkanrock.
References
Ratne igre at Discogs
EX YU ROCK enciklopedija 1960-2006, Janjatović Petar;
Enciklopedija niškog Rock 'n' Rolla 1962 - 2000, Stanojević Vladan;
External links
Ratne igre at Discogs
Kerber albums
1985 albums
ZKP RTLJ albums
Concise Binary Object Representation (CBOR) is a binary data serialization format loosely based on JSON authored by C. Bormann. Like JSON it allows the transmission of data objects that contain name–value pairs, but in a more concise manner. This increases processing and transfer speeds at the cost of human readability. It is defined in IETF .
Amongst other uses, it is the recommended data serialization layer for the CoAP Internet of Things protocol suite and the data format on which COSE messages are based. It is also used in the Client-to-Authenticator Protocol (CTAP) within the scope of the FIDO2 project.
CBOR was inspired by MessagePack, which was developed and promoted by Sadayuki Furuhashi. CBOR extended MessagePack, particularly by allowing to distinguish text strings from byte strings, which was implemented in 2013 in MessagePack.
Specification of the CBOR encoding
CBOR encoded data is seen as a stream of data items. Each data item consists of a header byte containing a 3-bit type and 5-bit short count. This is followed by an optional extended count (if the short count is in the range 24–27), and an optional payload.
For types 0, 1, and 7, there is no payload; the count is the value. For types 2 (byte string) and 3 (text string), the count is the length of the payload. For types 4 (array) and 5 (map), the count is the number of items (pairs) in the payload. For type 6 (tag), the payload is a single item and the count is a numeric tag number which describes the enclosed item.
Major type and count handling in each data item
Each data item's behaviour is defined by the major type and count.
The major type is used for selecting the main behaviour or type of each data item.
The 5-bit short count field encodes counts 0–23 directly. Short counts of 24–27 indicate the count value is in a following 8, 16, 32 or 64-bit extended count field. Values 28–30 are not assigned and must not be used.
Types are divided into "atomic" types 0–1 and 6–7, for which the count field encodes the value directly, and non-atomic types 2–5, for which the count field encodes the size of the following payload field.
A short count of 31 is used with non-atomic types 2–5 to indicate an indefinite length; the payload is the following items until a "break" marker byte of 255 (type=7, short count=31). A short count of 31 is not permitted with the other atomic types 0, 1 or 6.
Type 6 (tag) is unusual in that its count field encodes a value directly, but also has a payload field (which always consists of a single item).
Extended counts, and all multi-byte values, are encoded in network (big-endian) byte order.
CBOR data item field encoding
Tiny Field Encoding
Short Field Encoding
Long Field Encoding
Integers (types 0 and 1)
For integers, the count field is the value; there is no payload. Type 0 encodes positive or unsigned integers, with values up to 264−1. Type 1 encodes negative integers, with a value of −1−count, for values from −264 to −1.
Strings (types 2 and 3)
Types 2 and 3 have a count field which encodes the length in bytes of the payload. Type 2 is an unstructured byte string. Type 3 is a UTF-8 text string.
A short count of 31 indicates an indefinite-length string. This is followed by zero or more definite-length strings of the same type, terminated by a "break" marker byte. The value of the item is the concatenation of the values of the enclosed items. Items of a different type, or nested indefinite-length strings, are not permitted. Text strings must be individually well-formed; UTF-8 characters may not be split across items.
Arrays and maps (types 4 and 5)
Type 4 has a count field encoding the number of following items, followed by that many items. The items need not all be the same type; some programming languages call this a "tuple" rather than an "array".
Alternatively, an indefinite-length encoding with a short count of 31 may be used. This continues until a "break" marker byte of 255. Because nested items may also use the indefinite encoding, the parser must pair the break markers with the corresponding indefinite-length header bytes.
Type 5 is similar but encodes a map (also called a dictionary, or associative array) of key/value pairs. In this case, the count encodes the number of pairs of items. If the indefinite-length encoding is used, there must be an even number of items before the "break" marker byte.
Semantic tag (type 6)
A semantic tag is another atomic type for which the count is the value, but it also has a payload (a single following item), and the two are considered one item in e.g. an array or a map.
The tag number provides additional type information for the following item, beyond what the 3-bit major type can provide. For example, a tag of 1 indicates that the following number is a Unix time value. A tag of 2 indicates that the following byte string encodes an unsigned bignum. A tag of 32 indicates that the following text string is a URI as defined in . defines tags 64–87 to encode homogeneous arrays of fixed-size integer or floating-point values as byte strings.
The tag 55799 is allocated to mean "CBOR data follows". This is a semantic no-op, but allows the corresponding tag bytes d9 d9 f7 to be prepended to a CBOR file without affecting its meaning. These bytes may be used as a "magic number" to distinguish the beginning of CBOR data.
The all-ones tag values 0xffff, 0xffffffff and 0xffffffffffffffff are reserved to indicate the absence of a tag in a CBOR decoding library; they should never appear in a data stream.
The break marker pseudo-item may not be the payload of a tag.
Special/float (type 7)
This major type is used to encode various special values that do not fit into the other categories. It follows the same encoding-size rules as the other atomic types (0, 1, and 6), but the count field is interpreted differently.
The values 20–23 are used to encode the special values false, true, null, and undefined. Values 0–19 are not currently defined.
A short count of 24 indicates a 1-byte extended count follows which can be used in future to encode additional special values. To simplify decoding, the values 0–31 may not be encoded in this form. None of the values 32–255 are currently defined.
Short counts of 25, 26 or 27 indicate a following extended count field is to be interpreted as a (big-endian) 16-, 32- or 64-bit IEEE floating point value. These are the same sizes as an extended count, but are interpreted differently. In particular, for all other major types, a 2-byte extended count of 0x1234 and a 4-byte extended count of 0x00001234 are exactly equivalent. This is not the case for floating-point values.
Short counts 28–30 are reserved, like for all other major types.
A short count of 31 encodes the special "break" marker which terminates an indefinite-length encoding. This is related to, but different from, the use with other major types where a short count of 31 begins an indefinite length encoding. This is not an item, and may not appear in a defined-length payload.
Semantic tag registration
IANA has created the CBOR tags registry, located in https://www.iana.org/assignments/cbor-tags/cbor-tags.xhtml . Registration must contain this template.
Implementations
See also
Comparison of binary data serialization formats
References
External links
Online tool to convert from CBOR binary to textual representation and back.
Data serialization formats
Tereske is a village in Nógrád county, Hungary.
Etymology
The name is of Slavic origin - Trška, see also e.g. Trška Gora ("a vineyard hill") in Slovenia. 1205-1235 Abbas de losco Triskay (Triskai) mosanerio. The village was known in the past also as "Slovak Trška" (Totriske, Touttriske, Tot Tereske, Tottreske).
Parochial church
The most attractive thing to see in the village is the church. The Tereske parochial church has been built as a Benedictine abbey in romanesque style in the 11th century AD. The main sightseeing is the legend of Saint László Ladislaus I of Hungary on a mural on the north wall of the nave. It consists of four characteristic stages: two armies before the battle, fighting of St. László and the cumanian prince, the execution and the resting of St. László. King Matthias Corvinus of Hungary donated the monastery to his servient, Bajoni István, who rebuilt the church. From this time a pastoforium can be seen. In the 16th century an extra wall was erected before the mural, and later the church was renovated in Baroque style.
References
Gerevich T.: Magyarország románkori emlékei. (Die romanische Denkmäler Ungarns.) Egyetemi nyomda. Budapest, 1938.
Aradi N. (Ed.): A művészet története Magyarországon. (The History of Arts in Hungary). Gondolat, Budapest
Fülep L. (Ed.): A magyarországi művészet története. (The History of the Hungarian Arts). Budapest
Marosi E.: A román kor művészete, (Art of the Romanesque Ages). Corvina, Budapest, 1972,
Gerő L. : Magyar műemléki ABC. Budapest, 1984
Henszlmann Imre: Magyarország ó-keresztyén, román és átmeneti stylü mű-emlékeinek rövid ismertetése, Királyi Magyar Egyetemi Nyomda, Budapest, 1876.
Pogány Frigyes (1965): Szobrászat és festészet az építőművészetben. Műszaki, Budapest
Bérczi Szaniszló, Bérczi Zsófia, Bérczi Katalin: Románkori templomkapuk: régi és új műveltség egymásrarétegződése a románkori templomok épületszobrászatában, kapukon és oszlopokon, TKTE, Piremon, 1997.
Sena Sekulić-Gvozdanović (1994): Templom erődítések Horvátországban. Tankönyvkiadó, Zágráb. http://mars.elte.hu/varak/aahrtemplomvarak/hr%20templomvarak.htm
External links
Street map
Tereske
Romanesque architecture in Hungary
2009 Vegalta Sendai season.
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J. League official site
Vegalta Sendai
Vegalta Sendai seasons
The Barneyville Historic District is a predominantly residential historic district on Old Providence and Barneyville Roads in northwestern Swansea, Massachusetts. The area was the site of a successful shipbuilding operation during the early 19th century, and then became a local center for jewelry making. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
Description and history
Barneyville is centered on the junction of Old Providence and Barneyville Roads, and extends eastward along Old Providence Road toward the Palmer River. Although the area was first settled in the 17th century, it only began to grow as a proper village in the mid-18th century, when a bridge was built over the river to what is now Barrington, Rhode Island. It became known as a shipbuilding center after Jonathan Barney established a shipyard there in the 1770s that saw its greatest success under Barney's son Mason in the 19th century. The shipyard, which built wooden ships, failed when demand for metal-hulled ships rose in the late 1850s. One of the former shipyard workers learned to make jewelry, and built a small factory on the shipyard site, which flourished until the 1920s. Neither the jewelry factory nor the shipyard structures have survived; the site now has a marker.
The district covers about , and includes 11 primary buildings, and two sites: that of the shipyard, and that of the house of the area's first settler, the Rev. John Myles. The oldest surviving building in the district is the c. 1750 house of Jonathan Barney at 166 Old Providence Road. The house includes both Georgian and later Federal period styling, and has a locally rare brick ell. Barney also built the double house at 22-24 Barneyville Road c. 1771-74. Mason Barney's house, at 1 Barneyville Road, was built in the early 19th century, and is a fine Federal period structure with Colonial Revival alterations made in the early 20th century.
Gallery
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Bristol County, Massachusetts
References
Historic districts in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Swansea, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
John Banks Hollingworth was Archdeacon of Huntingdon from 25 February 1828 until his death on 9 February 1856.
Hollingworth was born in 1780, educated at Peterhouse, Cambridge and ordained in 1804. He held incumbencies at Little St Mary's, Cambridge and St Margaret Lothbury; and was Norrisian Professor of Divinity from 1824 to 1838.
References
1803 births
Alumni of Peterhouse, Cambridge
Norrisian Professors of Divinity
Archdeacons of Huntingdon
1856 deaths
The 1997 NHL Entry Draft was the 35th NHL Entry Draft. It was held at the Civic Arena in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, on June 21, 1997.
As of 2022, the only remaining active player in the NHL from the 1997 draft class is Joe Thornton.
Selections by round
Club teams are located in North America unless otherwise noted.
Round one
Round two
Round three
Round four
Round five
Round six
Round seven
Round eight
Round nine
Draftees based on nationality
Active Players
See also
1997–98 NHL season
List of NHL first overall draft choices
List of NHL players
References
External links
prosportstransactions.com: 1997 NHL Entry Draft Pick
NHL.com: NHL.com - Players
1997 NHL Entry Draft player stats at The Internet Hockey Database
Draft
National Hockey League Entry Draft
1990s in Pittsburgh
Saulgrub is a municipality in the district of Garmisch-Partenkirchen, in Bavaria, Germany.
Transport
The municipality has two railway stations, and , on the Ammergau Railway.
References
Garmisch-Partenkirchen (district)
Tisseur is a French occupational surname meaning "weaver". Notable people with the surname include:
Clair Tisseur (1827–1896), French architect
Françoise Tisseur, French mathematician
See also
Tisserand
Le Tellier
French-language surnames
The 1901 Baylor football team was an American football team that represented Baylor University as an independent during the 1901 college football season. In its first season under head coach W. R. Ritchie the team compiled a 5–3 record and played its home games in Waco, Texas. During the 1901 season, Baylor played its first games in what became rivalries with the Texas Longhorns and TCU Horned Frogs. TCU, known as Add–Ran University until 1902, was located in Waco from 1895 to 1910 and was one of Baylor's greatest football rivals until the dissolution of the Southwest Conference in 1995.
Schedule
Season summary
On July 18, Baylor announced that it had found its next coach: W.J. Ritchie, from Athens, Georgia.
Oct. 11 vs. Texas A&M
Playing at the State Fair of Texas, Baylor and A&M drew a crowd of 2,000 spectators. The game was delayed by an argument between the teams over the eligibility of a player. A verbal agreement had been made to allow only students who had attended classes at the respective university at least ten days prior, but Schultz, a fullback for A&M, had not attended until two to three days prior, allegedly due to ill parents. Not believing the excuse, Baylor eventually prevailed in both the argument and the game, which ended in another squabble about the timekeepers' timekeeping.
Nov. 5 vs. Texas A&M
Meeting for a second time in the season, Baylor and A&M celebrated the first annual Central Texas Fair, located in Bryan, Texas, on its College Day with a football game in which A&M handily defeated the Baylor team.
Nov. 23 vs. Add-Ran
Competing for the local championship, Baylor clearly outclassed their opponents and led in the first half by a comfortable 23–0 margin.
Nov. 28 vs. Texas A&M
In what appeared to be the state's last collegiate football game day of the season, the game was called "the most interesting ever played on a Waco gridiron, because of the sensational clean and fast plays." Having split the first two meetings of the season, both Baylor and the A.&M.'s were seeking the tiebreaking victory; A&M mistakenly contracted to play both the University of Texas and Baylor on the same day, and so split the team. A&M brought a large delegation of fans with its team by train but was disappointed with a 47-point shutout loss. The Baylor boys spent the evening at a reception at the Young Ladies' Boarding Hall.
References
Baylor
Baylor Bears football seasons
Baylor football
The Duchy of Brunswick State Railway (Herzoglich Braunschweigische Staatseisenbahn) was the first state railway in Germany. The first section of its Brunswick–Bad Harzburg railway line between Brunswick and Wolfenbüttel opened on 1 December 1838.
Opening
The construction of the line was mainly the work of the entrepreneur Philipp August von Amsberg, privy councillor to Duke William of Brunswick. Amsberg investigated the transportation links from the land-locked Duchy of Brunswick to the Hanse cities of Hamburg, Bremen and Lübeck and recognised that the transportation of wood and mining products from the duchy's estates in the Harz mountain range to the maritime harbours was not competitive. Conversely products from the seaboard harbours tended to be transported on the Elbe river to Magdeburg in the Prussian Province of Saxony but not to Brunswick. In 1824 he proposed, in a memorandum, a plan to build railway links from Brunswick through the Kingdom of Hanover to the cities of Hamburg and Bremen. These ideas were publicised in 1832 but foundered on German sectionalism (Kleinstaaterei).
In 1835 Amsberg again looked into the plan to build an eastern railway from Brunswick via Helmstedt to Magdeburg. This plan was given up in favour of a later route via Oschersleben in order to form a junction there to the Prussian Magdeburg–Halberstadt line. In the same year, the first steam-hauled railway line in Germany, the Bavarian Ludwig Railway, opened between Nuremberg and Fürth. At the instigation of Amsberg, the Brunswick state ministry finally made the decision to build a railway line from Brunswick southwards to Wolfenbüttel and the exclave of Bad Harzburg (until 1892: Neustadt) – the Brunswick–Bad Harzburg railway – and thereby pre-empt the intent of the Hanoverian government to build an eastern railway via Halberstadt to Magdeburg, which would bypass Brunswick to the south.
On 1 August 1837 construction began on the first section from Brunswick in southern direction and on 30 November 1838 the route was inaugurated by Duke William riding on a train to Wolfenbüttel hauled by a Blenkinsop locomotive. Opened to traffic the next day, it was the first German state railway and the fourth railway line to be built in the German Confederation. On 31 October 1841 the line to Bad Harzburg via Vienenburg was completed. The Vienenburg station opened in 1840 on Hanover territory is today the oldest railway station in Germany which is still in use. The ascent from here to the rim of the Harz range was initially worked by horses, but by 1843 steam haulage had been introduced on this section too, using three locomotives built in England. These engines were the first six-coupled locomotives in Germany.
In 1850, Philipp-August von Amsberg became head of the Duchy's Railway and Postal Division in Brunswick.
Development of the network
On 10 July 1843 the eastern branch Wolfenbüttel–Oschersleben via Jerxheim and Schöningen was opened with the junction to the Prussian railways operated by the Magdeburg-Halberstadt Railway Company and further connection to Berlin and Leipzig as well as to the Brunswick exclave of Blankenburg.
The western Brunswick-Peine line was opened on 19 May 1844 with a junction to the Royal Hanoverian State Railways after an agreement had been reached finally with reluctant Ernest Augustus, King of Hanover.
The Brunswick Southern Railway branch from Börßum to the Hanoverian Southern Railway at Kreiensen was built from 1853 and opened in 1856.
In 1858 the Helmstedt brown coal district was connected to Jerxheim by the Jerxheim–Helmstedt railway.
Another branch from Vienenburg to Goslar opened in 1866; as this line ran entirely through Hanover territory it had been built by the Hanoverian State Railway, but was at first operated by the Brunswick State Railway.
When the southwestern link from Kreiensen to Holzminden and Höxter link to the lines of the Royal Westphalian Railway Company opened in October 1865, a through route was established via Altenbeken to the Rhine-Westphalian industrial region.
With the completion of the Jerxheim–Börßum railway, a long-distance through route was established in 1868 between Magdeburg and the Ruhr area bypassing both Hanover and Brunswick, which was of particular interest to Prussia. The major east–west thoroughfare was superseded by the Berlin–Lehrte railway (Lehrter Bahn) opened in 1871.
Takeover by the state of Prussia
After the 1866 annexation of Hanover by Prussia, the Brunswick lines were entirely surrounded by the Prussian state railways. In 1869 Amsberg entered into the sale of the Brunswick State Railway to Prussia with a heavy heart. The Duchy of Brunswick had amassed heavy debts at that time, that had arisen mainly due to the expansion of the railway.
In March 1870, with effect from 1 January 1869, the Brunswick State Railways were transferred to a private railway concern, the Brunswick Railway Company. Amsberg did not survive to see the Prussian state buy up the shares in this company between 1879 and 1882, operate it under the Prussian state railways and subordinate it in 1886 to the royal railway division (Eisenbahndirektion) of Magdeburg.
Literature
Born, Erhard (ed.), Pioniere des Eisenbahnwesens, Darmstadt: Carl Röhrig Verlag.
Neubauer, Jürgen / Salewsky, Dieter (1988): 150 Jahre 1. Deutsche Staatseisenbahn Braunschweig-Wolfenbüttel. Braunschweig: Joh. Heinr. Meyer Verlag. .
See also
Duchy of Brunswick
Brunswick State Railway Company
History of rail transport in Germany
Prussian state railways
Rail transport in Germany
Duchy of Brunswick
Defunct railway companies of Germany
Companies based in Braunschweig
Transport in Braunschweig
1838 establishments in Germany
19th-century establishments in the Duchy of Brunswick
Kaladi inscription is a series of Javanese inscriptions engraved on copper plates dated from the year 831 Saka or 909 CE originated from the Medang Mataram kingdom period. It was written in the form of prose in standard Kawi script with some variations, and using the Old Javanese language. This inscription was carved on copperplate (tamra praśasti) totaling 10 plates, however two plates are missing; the plate numbers 3 and 5. Today the 8 plates of Kaladi inscriptions are stored in the National Museum of Indonesia in Jakarta with inventory number E71.
The Kaladi inscription was found in the area of Mount Penanggungan, East Java. The Kaladi inscription dated from early 10th century, during the reign of King Śrī Maharāja Rakai Watukura Dyah Balitung Śrī Dharmmodaya Mahāsambhu of Medang Mataram Kingdom. King Balitung was the successor of Rakai Kayuwangi.
This inscription is important and interesting, because it refers to banditry in ancient Java. The inscription also mentioned about foreign-origin residents that resided in Java. The inscription describes the royal patronage that encourage the development of settlements along the rivers and roads connecting interior settlements with the ports of coastal Java, in order to protect the merchants and coastal settlers by reducing the crime of piracy, robbery and banditry along the trade routes.
Contents
This inscription tells of the establishment of the villages of Kaladi, Gayām, and Pyapya, all included within the samgat (region) of Bawaᶇ. The lands were appointed as Sīma lands by the request of Dapunta Suddhara and Dapunta Dampi to the King Rakai Watukura Balitung. The inscription tells the background of that led to the request; initially there were patches of forests that separates the villages which causes fear among villagers. The village dwellers are constantly under attack from residents (horde of bandits) of Mariwuᶇ, which makes the traders and fishermen feel uneasy and constantly in fear day and night. Then the villagers mutually agreed and decided that the forests should be cleared and transformed into rice paddy fields, so that people will no longer suffer fear, and the rice fields were to be included within the region (samgat) of Bawaᶇ.
This inscription also mentioned the names of the officials in charge of these affairs, and also mention about pegs given to the officials to mark the boundaries of the new Sīma lands' rice fields. The inscription also mentioned sapata law or punishment for violating the Sīma.
In addition, this inscription also explains about foreign-origin people that resided in ancient Java. The inscription mentioned about Kling (refer to Kalinga or simply Southeastern Indian people), Arya (Aryans of the Northern India), Singhala (Sinhalese of Sri Lanka), Drawila (Dravida?, Pondhiceri), Campa (Chams of Champa), Kmir (Khmers of Cambodia, but some translate it as Kashmiri people, although this is highly discounted) and Rman (Mon) as foreigners from mainland Asia that frequently came to Java to trade. The inscription suggests a maritime trade network has been established between kingdoms in mainland Southeast Asia and Java.
See also
Canggal inscription (732)
Kalasan inscription (778)
Kelurak inscription (782)
Karangtengah inscription (824)
Tri Tepusan inscription (842)
Shivagrha inscription (856)
Mantyasih inscription (907)
Bibliography
Anjali Nayenggita, 2012, Prasasti Kaladi 831 Śaka, dalam Skripsi di Program Studi Arkeologi, Fakultas Ilmu Pengetahuan Budaya, Universitas Indonesia
References
Inscriptions in Indonesia
10th-century inscriptions
Medang Kingdom
"Skull" is a song by Sebadoh from their 1994 album Bakesale. It was released as a CD single, and a 7" vinyl record.
A music video was made for the song. It reached number 96 on the UK Singles chart.
Track listing
US 7" Single (SP267)
"Skull (remix)"
"Punching Myself in the Face Repeatedly, Publicly"
"Sing Something"
"Plate 'o' Hatred"
UK CD Single (RUG22CD)
"Skull"
"Punching Myself in the Face Repeatedly, Publicly"
"Sing Something"
"Plate 'o' Hatred"
Sebadoh songs
1994 singles
Sub Pop singles
1994 songs
Songs written by Lou Barlow
Roman Holiday is an alternative rock band from Seattle, Washington, United States. Formed in September 2008, the band comprises Shane Lance (lead vocals, guitar), Emerson Shotwell (drums, percussion), Daniel Collins (lead guitar, backing vocals), and Nick Howard (bass guitar, backing vocals). The Tacoma, Washington newspaper, the Weekly Volcano, noted "having been birthed in a recording studio means their sound was born running, and it really shows. They are the most radio-ready band in Tacoma, and to say that you should hurry and see them before they get big is no exaggeration."
In the local Seattle music scene, the band quickly became known for their groomed and "MTV-ready sound, comparable to chart-topping arena-rockers Coldplay and Kings of Leon".
History
Formation
Shane Lance and Emerson Shotwell first met during elementary school. They began playing in bands throughout their junior high and high school days. Nick Howard, a childhood friend of Lance's, later joined the band to play bass. Originally a guitar player, Howard switched to bass. The trio, then nameless, played their first gig at a local coffeehouse, which Daniel Collins attended. After the gig, the coffee shop's manager suggested Collins as a potential lead guitar player to the band. A week later, Collins joined the band and the lineup was complete.
During this time, Lance was working at a local recording studio called Pacific Studios. He and studio owner Mark Simmons and Jeff Evans began talking about creating a pop-rock project. Simmons' interest was piqued in the band when they showcased their music for him in the studio. Simmons later took up manager and producer roles in the band. The band finally settled on their name, 'Roman Holiday', which was suggested by Simmons. According to Lance, "it was the only name the band didn't hate."
At this same time, Nigel Finley, also an employee at Pacific Studios, stepped in as keyboardist for the band. The quintet then began recording their debut EP, released in May 2009. Shortly after the EP's release, Finley left the band for personal reasons. In August 2009, the band began recording for their debut album at Pacific Studios. As the record went into production, the band tested their new sound by going on their first American west coast tour.
In January 2010, Roman Holiday locally released Paint This Town, to a sold-out theater. The day after the release show, the band departed for their second, extended American west coast tour.
Live
According to the live review's section of the Weekly Volcano, "The music is good. It drives, it grooves, it occasionally soars. It does the things that a good pop rock band needs to do, and that so many crappy pop rock bands don't get - things with melody and harmony and backing vocals and dynamics."
Discography
Roman Holiday (EP)
Released in May 2009. All songs written by Roman Holiday and Nigel Finley.
"I'll Be Here" - 4:07
"Show Your Face" - 4:24
"Broken Masterpiece" - 5:10
"Your Velvet Soul" - 4:37
"Devil" - 6:15
"Get It Back" - 3:42
Roman Holiday (limited edition acoustic EP)
Locally released in July 2009. Only 200 copies were produced. All songs, except "I Try", were also featured on Roman Holiday's album, Paint This Town. All songs written by Roman Holiday and Nigel Finley.
"I Try" - 6:48
"Anchor" - 4:55
"Your Velvet Soul" - 5:20
"Don't Come Around" - 3:01
Paint This Town
Internationally released on May 18, 2010. All songs written by Roman Holiday.
"Don't Come Around" - 3:12
"I Think It's Her" - 3:11
"Touch Your Coat" - 3:29
"Filthy Hands" - 3:54
"Anchor" - 4:25
"You Know He Knows" - 3:44
"Your Velvet Soul" - 3:46
"The Crown" - 3:00
"Pendulum" - 4:43
"Under The Ocean" - 4:59
References
External links
Roman Holiday's official website
Roman Holiday's official MySpace profile
Alternative rock groups from Washington (state)
Musical groups established in 2008
Musical groups from Seattle
"Deadbolt" is a song by the American post-hardcore band Thrice, featured as the fifth track on the band's 2002 studio album The Illusion of Safety. One of the band's best-known songs, "Deadbolt" is a merger of post-hardcore and pop-punk.
Upon The Illusion of Safety's release, "Deadbolt" was positively reviewed by critics, who commented on its hooks, high energy and technical riffs. It also became a "word-of-mouth hit" for the band and is a heavily requested fan favourite at the band's live performances; while a music video was produced, it was never released as a single. Despite the song's popularity, the members of Thrice generally disliked the song during their initial existence, and resisted playing it live due to the incessant demand for the song at live performances. Over time, the band warmed up to the song's popularity and since Thrice's reunion in 2015 the song has been played more often; the band have even sold t-shirts joking about the popularity of "Deadbolt" as official merchandise.
Composition and lyrics
"Deadbolt" has generally been described as post-hardcore, emo and pop-punk, and is written in the key of F# major with a common time tempo of 135 beats per minute. The song's guitars are dropped to E♭/ Drop D♭ tuning. The song, which lacks a verse–chorus–verse structure, was described by the BrooklynVegan to have call-and-response mannerisms, with Teppei Teranishi's guitar parts countering Dustin Kensrue's vocals and shifting between post-hardcore and pop-punk.
Lyrically, "Deadbolt" is metaphor-heavy and centred around betrayal, temptation and adultery, as well as references to death. The song's chorus ("And she calls from the doorway/Stolen water is sweet/So let's drink it in the darkness/If you know what I mean") contains multiple references to Proverbs 9 (below); which is meant to represent how those who don't understand the consequences of their actions will fall to temptation and suffer for it."Folly is an unruly woman; she is simple and knows nothing. She sits at the door of her house, on a seat at the highest point of the city, calling out to those who pass by, who go straight on their way, “Let all who are simple come to my house!” To those who have no sense she says, “Stolen water is sweet; food eaten in secret is delicious!” But little do they know that the dead are there, that her guests are deep in the realm of the dead."After the song ends at 2:24, a piano interlude plays, leading into the album's next song, "In Years To Come".
Music video
A music video for "Deadbolt" was released via the band's website on October 3, 2002. It shows the band performing the song at Chain Reaction, Anaheim, Orange County, on August 30, 2002. The band notified fans on their website ten days prior to the video shooting of the location of the venue so they could participate. The video received regular airplay on JBTV throughout late 2002.
The video was uploaded to YouTube by Hopeless Records in July 2007. As of June 2022, the video has 1.1 million views.
Critical reception
In contemporary reviews of The Illusion of Safety that covered the song, "Deadbolt" was positively received by critics, with praise being directed at the hooks, technicality and energy of the song. The song was singled out as a highlight of the album by some critics; Ross of Punktastic described the song "in particular [as] possibly one of the greatest songs [they'd] heard in many years, never mind a contender for album track of 2002." Allmusic also selected the song as an album pick. However, not all reviews that covered the song were positive, such as Pitchfork, who cited the song as an example of the album's "incongruous lyrical and melodic direction".
Retrospective reception
In the years following its release, "Deadbolt" has been seen as one of Thrice's best songs and one of the greatest songs of the post-hardcore genre. Rockfreaks highlighted the song's impact on the popularity of The Illusion of Safety; "You only have to listen to "Deadbolt", which became, and remains, one of the most recognisable 'scene' songs of the decade, to be sold on the excellent guitar work, all-round tighter musicianship and the energy of Dustin's vocals." In a 20 year retrospective of the album in 2022, the BrooklynVegan called "Deadbolt" the album's "signature song", that had held up over the years since its release; "Even with all the exciting paths that Thrice would explore after this album, "Deadbolt" still holds up as one of their most remarkable songs", as well as calling the song "Crazy Train" [for emo kids]".
Accolades
Live performances
"Deadbolt" became a "word-of-mouth hit" for the band and quickly became a fan favourite, with many requests for the song being shouted at the band's live performances. As a result of this, however, the bandmembers of Thrice began to expressed dislike at the song and its popularity, and at times refused to play the song live, before ultimately dropping the song (as well as the band's older material) from their setlist for a period of time, as the bandmembers got sick of hearing requests to play the song. In a 2009 interview to Campus Circle, bassist Ed Breckenridge said that band preferred playing new songs than repeatedly playing older songs/popular songs. “It's fun for us to play stuff that's current to what we enjoy. Sometimes we have to dig deep to remember where we were when we wrote ‘Deadbolt' because we've played it eight million times now.” However, performances of the song made their way onto the band's live albums Live at the House of Blues and Anthology, and the song was played during the band's final show before their hiatus in 2012.
Eventually, the band warmed up to the song and its popularity, and following the band's reunion in 2015, it began being played more often along with the band's older material. "The further you get from a song, the easier it is to let go of any weirdness of feeling like you are playing a song from another lifetime," Dustin Kensrue explained. "We used to really be bothered with people wanting us to play songs like "Deadbolt", etc. These days thought we are able to take it less seriously and just have fun playing it and making people happy." "Deadbolt" was also played at one of Dustin Kenrue's solo shows in 2015.
The band and Dustin Kenrue have also sold t-shirts with the messages "Play Deadbolt" and "I've Seen Thrice Play "Deadbolt" 4000 times" as official merchandise, as a testament/joke to the song's popularity; Kenrue described the t-shirts as "our attempt to embrace the weird thing that is the perception and the requesting of that song."
According to setlist.fm, "Deadbolt" has been played 316 times by Thrice.
Use in media
"Deadbolt" was released as a DLC track for the music video game Rocksmith 2014 as part of the "Thrice Song Pack" on September 19, 2017.
"Deadbolt" was featured on the 2009 music video game Guitar Hero 5.
References
Thrice songs
Emo songs
Pop punk songs
2002 songs
Designblok is a design festival held in Prague, Czech Republic annually in October since 1999.
History
The festival was inspired by Milan Design Week. The first edition of the festival in 1999 had fourteen participants, and was aimed at people working in the design industry. It has grown to about 200 participants and 30,000 visitors.
Venues
The festival is held at a main venue, Superstudio, which is a different place for each edition, together with a number of other venues in Prague.
References
External links
Designblok official site
Festivals in Prague
Recurring events established in 1999
1999 establishments in the Czech Republic
Autumn events in the Czech Republic
Valea Rea may refer to the following places in Romania:
Valea Rea, a village in the commune Văleni, Vaslui County
Valea Rea, a tributary of the Bistra Mărului in Caraș-Severin County
Valea Rea, a tributary of the Crișul Alb in Arad County
Valea Rea, a tributary of the Desnățui in Dolj County
Valea Rea, a tributary of the Doftana in Prahova County
Valea Rea, a tributary of the Jaleș in Gorj County
Valea Rea, a tributary of the Lotrioara in Sibiu County
Valea Rea, a tributary of the Lotru in Vâlcea County
Valea Rea, a tributary of the Milcov in Vrancea County
Valea Rea, a tributary of the Miletin in Botoșani County
Valea Rea, a tributary of the Nera in Caraș-Severin County
Valea Rea, a tributary of the Orăștie in Hunedoara County
Valea Rea, a tributary of the Prahova in Prahova County
Valea Rea, another name for the upper course of the river Râul Doamnei in Argeș County
Valea Rea, a tributary of the Sibișel in Hunedoara County
Valea Rea, a tributary of the Suhu in Galați County
Valea Rea (Tărățel), a tributary of the Tărățel in Gorj County
Valea Rea (Tecucel), a tributary of the Tecucel in Galați County
Valea Rea (Tur), a tributary of the Tur in Satu Mare County
Valea Rea, a tributary of the Valea Bădenilor in Argeș County
The 1967 Oak Lawn tornado outbreak was a destructive tornado outbreak and severe weather event that occurred on April 21, 1967, across the Upper Midwest, in particular the towns of Belvidere and Oak Lawn, Illinois. Locally known as 'Black Friday,' it was the largest tornado outbreak of 1967 and one of the most notable to ever occur in the Chicago metropolitan area. The outbreak produced numerous and significant (F2+) tornadoes, with ten of them in Illinois alone. Included was one of just six documented violent (F4/F5) tornadoes in the Chicago metropolitan area since the area was first settled.
F-4/5 Tornadoes spawned
The F-4/5 tornado that struck the Belvidere-Lake Zurich area was responsible for one of the highest tornado-related death tolls in a single school building ever recorded when it struck Belvidere High School as multiple school buses were being loaded.
The F-4/5 tornado that swept through Palos Heights, Oak Lawn, Hometown, Evergreen Park, and skipped through Chicago's Southside, killed 33 people. The path of this tornado was 16 miles long, and at times 200 yards wide. It dissipated at Rainbow Beach on Lake Michigan. The tornado destroyed the gym at Oak Lawn Community High School, the locker room in which the students had been evacuated. Fortunately, none were killed or injured. At the nearby intersection of Southwest Highway and 95th Street, an additional 16 people were killed, trapped in rush hour traffic. Seven others were killed at the same intersection when the roof of a grocery store collapsed on them.
Meteorological synopsis
April 21, 1967, was a warm Friday afternoon in northern Illinois. Following a foggy morning with temperatures in the middle 50s°F, temperatures rose rapidly in the afternoon as low geopotential heights approached from the southwest. A warm front—part of a very deep shortwave trough—passed through Illinois all day and by afternoon moved north of the state. As a low-pressure area within an extratropical cyclone approached the area, temperatures rose into the low to mid 70s°F with dew points rising into the 60s°F, an upper-level jet reaching , and increasing low-level vertical shear. Meanwhile, a persistent mesolow feature near Joliet, Illinois, helped to maintain backed low-level winds from the south. As conditions became more favorable for tornadoes and supercells began developing in the Chicago area, the regional U.S. Weather Bureau office issued a tornado watch at 1:50 p.m. CDT covering the northern half of Illinois plus southern Wisconsin, eastern Iowa, and western Indiana. By 3 p.m. CDT/2100 UTC, more than 12 tornadoes had already been spawned from the storm system.
Confirmed tornadoes
Belvidere, Illinois
At 3:50 P.M., a violent multiple vortex tornado, later given an F4 rating, moved through Belvidere, Illinois, damaging the high school and overturning buses. A total of 24 people were killed with 13 them of dead in Belvidere at Belvidere High School, making this tornado the sixth deadliest ever to hit a school. 410 people were injured as well and 127 homes destroyed with another 379 being damaged. Seven people were also killed at a shopping center. The Belvidere tornado was especially devastating because it hit the school just as students were getting on the buses to go home. Just before 4 p.m. CST, the tornado reached the school. Twelve buses, already filled with elementary- and middle-school students, were tossed about. Several of the students were tossed into adjacent fields and killed. A bus driver was killed as well. Shortly after the passing of the tornado, faculty and some of the stronger students used the fireproof doors of the high school as stretchers to carry the injured into the cafeteria, the severely injured into the library, and the dead into the gymnasium. Four hundred cars (three hundred new cars and 100 employee cars) were destroyed at the Chrysler plant in town. A school bus driving south of Harvard was thrown into power lines and torn in half. The driver and students survived by sheltering in a ditch.
Lake Zurich, Illinois
The second violent tornado of the day in Illinois may have developed as far southwest as Elgin, but was first observed at about 5:00 p.m. CDT near Fox River Grove, though its path is officially believed to have begun near Middlebury. It then produced a discontinuous damage path through Fox River Grove, North Barrington, and Lake Zurich. The most intense damage, posthumously rated F4, occurred at Lake Zurich Manor, about northwest of downtown Lake Zurich; there, roughly 75 homes were leveled and 200 severely damaged. The Acorn Acres subdivision, northeast of and adjourning Lake Zurich Manor, reported scattered damage and debris with about 12 homes severely damaged. According to official plots from Storm Data, the tornado lifted after hitting Acorn Acres, though non-tornadic damages to trees and buildings occurred as far as the intersection of Illinois Route 63 and Gilmer Road. There, severe winds, possibly downbursts, destroyed four homes, one brewery, and a plastic-manufacturing site, though at least one source indicates that the tornado was likely still present at that place. In all, the tornado killed one person, and damaged 400–500 homes and destroyed about 100 other homes. An air-conditioning unit weighing was thrown . Cars were picked up and tossed as well.
Oak Lawn–Evergreen Park–Chicago South Side, Illinois
The third and final F4 tornado to affect Illinois this day was also the deadliest tornado of the entire outbreak. An intense supercell with a hook echo on weather radar first appeared about west-northwest of Joliet at 4:45 p.m. CDT. Later, at 5:15 p.m., an employee of the U.S. Weather Bureau observed a rotating wall cloud about north of Joliet. Minutes later, severe thunderstorm winds blew out windows in a building, though no tornado or funnel cloud had yet occurred. Near the Little Red Schoolhouse, in what is now the Forest Preserve District of Cook County, an observer first noted a funnel cloud to the south, moving east with hail up to in diameter—but he was unable to report to the Weather Bureau as his telephone failed to give a dial tone. At 5:24 p.m. CDT, a tornado touched down at the present-day campus of Moraine Valley Community College and moved east-northeast, mainly at 70° heading. As it touched down, the tornado bent power poles and blew down small trees and vegetation, tossing dirt as it went. It then grew in size to wide and entered Palos Hills, destroying about five buildings—including two frame homes and a brick home—and snapping trees. Subsequently, the intensifying funnel severely damaged homes and a drive-in theater in a half-block-wide area of Chicago Ridge.
Over the next six minutes, the tornado attained its maximum intensity as it tore a ( ground speed) swath of damage through Oak Lawn, Hometown, and Evergreen Park. As it passed through the business district of Oak Lawn, the tornado leveled many homes that were built entirely of brick. In Oak Lawn, the tornado threw 25–40 vehicles from the intersection of Southwest Highway and W. 95th St. (US-12/20), killing 16 people who were stuck in traffic during the rush hour. Partly for that reason, this tornado ended up being the deadliest in the outbreak. It destroyed the brick pro shop at Beverly Country Club at 87th and Western Avenue, trapping several people who suffered only minor injuries. As it moved beyond Evergreen Park, the tornado weakened and widened as it caused lighter damage to vegetation, roofs, and garages. It finally moved offshore as a waterspout at Rainbow Beach, producing a wind gust up to at a water filtration plant on the lakefront shore. In all, the tornado killed 33 people, including several children at a roller skating rink, and injured 1,000. It destroyed 152 homes and damaged 900, causing $50 million in damage. The destroyed buildings included a high school, grocery store, tavern, market, motel, drive-in theater, restaurant, numerous apartments, and two gas stations. Additionally, the tornado caused numerous fires in Oak Lawn which were quickly extinguished.
Recovery difficulties
Just two days after the outbreak, three inches (76 mm) of snow fell on Belvidere, which only exacerbated the cleanup from Friday's tornadoes. In fact, many cities and towns in the Midwest broke record overnight lows on April 24 and 25. A state of emergency was declared for Boone County, and the reserves came to assist in the cleanup effort.
Legacy
The tornado has its own section in the Oak Lawn Public Library.
See also
List of North American tornadoes and tornado outbreaks
List of tornado-related deaths at schools
1990 Plainfield tornado
References
External links
ComPortOne article on the Belvidere Tornado
Chicago area remembers 30th anniversary of tornado outbreak (USA Today)
The Oak Lawn, Illinois Tornado (Storm Track)
Map of April 21, 1967, tornadoes
RRStar.com's tribute
40th Anniversary of Northern Illinois' Worst Tornado Disaster (NWS Chicago)
Federal Disaster Declaration (Federal Emergency Management Agency)
Personal Memories Of The Oak Lawn Tornado
Oak Lawn tornado outbreak. Funnels of Destruction. WGN-TV news coverage.
Oak Lawn Tornado Outbreak
Belvidere, Illinois
Boone County, Illinois
Cook County, Illinois
F4 tornadoes by date
Oak Lawn,1967-04-21
McHenry County, Illinois
Oak Lawn, Illinois
Tornadoes in Illinois
Oak Lawn Tornado Outbreak
José Lorenzo Pesquera (August 10, 1882 – July 25, 1950) was a Resident Commissioner of Puerto Rico.
Early life
Born in Bayamón, Puerto Rico, Pesquera was graduated from Provincial Institute of Puerto Rico in 1897.
He attended the Keystone State Normal School in Kutztown, Pennsylvania. in 1901 and 1902.
He was graduated from the law department of West Virginia University at Morgantown in 1904.
He was admitted to the bar the same year and commenced practice in Puerto Rico.
He also engaged in agricultural pursuits and dairying.
He served as member of the Puerto Rico House of Representatives 1917–1920.
He served as director and president of the Agricultural Association of Puerto Rico.
He was appointed as a Nonpartisan a Resident Commissioner to the United States to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Félix Córdova Dávila and served from April 15, 1932, until March 3, 1933.
He was not a candidate for election in 1932.
He returned to his law practice and agricultural interests.
He died in Bayamón, Puerto Rico, July 25, 1950, and was interred in Braulio Dueño Colón Municipal Cemetery in Bayamón, Puerto Rico.
See also
List of Hispanic Americans in the United States Congress
Sources
1882 births
1950 deaths
People from Bayamón, Puerto Rico
Puerto Rican people of Spanish descent
Resident Commissioners of Puerto Rico
Members of the House of Representatives of Puerto Rico
West Virginia University College of Law alumni
20th-century Puerto Rican lawyers
20th-century American politicians
Independent members of the United States House of Representatives
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives
Independent Republican members of the United States House of Representatives
Nebojša Malbaša (Serbian Cyrillic: Небојша Малбаша; born 25 June 1959) is a Serbian retired footballer who played as a striker.
While at R.F.C. de Liège he helped them win the 1989–90 Belgian Cup. He now works as a scout in Belgrade.
References
1959 births
Living people
Footballers from Belgrade
Yugoslav footballers
Serbian footballers
Serbian expatriate footballers
Yugoslav First League players
Belgian First Division A players
HNK Rijeka players
GNK Dinamo Zagreb players
R. Charleroi S.C. players
RFC Liège players
Standard Liège players
R. Olympic Charleroi Châtelet Farciennes players
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Association football forwards
The Southern Death Cult is a compilation album by British gothic rock band Southern Death Cult. It is a collection of studio outtakes, demos and live recordings by the band, released originally in 1983, after the band had broken up.
1983 release
The first edition of the compilation album The Southern Death Cult was released by Beggars Banquet Records in 1983. It was released in the United Kingdom in LP (catalogue number BEGA 46) and cassette (catalogue number BEGC 46) formats. The liner notes read:
Southern Death Cult disbanded before recording their first album, this LP has been compiled by them from existing session and live material and alternate recordings.
The original track listing of the album (both formats) is as follows:
A1 "All Glory" (i)
A2 "Fatman" (ii)
A3 "Today" (i)
A4 "False Faces" (iii)
A5 "The Crypt" (iv)
B1 "Crow" (v)
B2 "Faith" (v)
B3 "Vivisection" (v)
B4 "Apache" (iii)
B5 "Moya" (ii)
(i) Recorded 21 May 1982 for the John Peel show on BBC Radio 1 at Maida Vale 4 studio. Produced by John Owen Williams. Engineered by Martin Colley. First broadcast on 10 June 1982. During the original Peel session, four tracks were recorded: "Fatman", "Today", "False Faces" and "All Glory". The other two tracks ("Fatman" and "False Faces") have never been released.
(ii) Recorded at The Playground. Produced and engineered by Mike Hedges. Remix by John Brand.
(iii) Recorded 20 January 1983 for the David Jensen show on BBC Radio 1 at Maida Vale 4 studio. Produced by John Sparrow. Engineered by Martyn Parker. First broadcast on 24 January 1983.
(iv) Recorded at Manchester Square. Engineered by Pat Staples.
(v) Recorded live at Rafters, Manchester, England on 13 December 1982.
1988 reissue
In June 1988, Beggars Banquet reissued the album The Southern Death Cult as part of its "LOWDOWN Special Low Price" promotion. This release was only issued in the UK and in vinyl (catalogue number BBL 46) and cassette (catalogue number BBLC 46) formats. The track listing remained the same as the original release. This reissue had no new material nor was it remastered.
1987 Japan-only release
In 1987, the album was released in compact disc format for the first time. It was only released in Japan on the Victor label (catalogue number VDP-1283). The vinyl LP was released by Sounds Marketing System (catalogue number SP25 5079). The track listing remained the same as the original album release. No new material was added nor was this release remastered.
1988 reissue
In 1988, Beggars Banquet began reissuing older material by the Cult for the first time in CD format. These reissues included early material such as the Death Cult recordings and the Southern Death Cult material that, up until this point, had never been released on CD in the UK. This release was only issued in the UK (catalogue number BBL 46 CD) and Canada on the PolyGram label (catalogue number 834 691-2). Additional tracks were added to the original album, but the material was not remastered. The tracklisting was as follows:
"Fatman" (i)
"Moya" (i)
"The Girl" (i)
"All Glory" (ii)
"Today" (ii)
"False Faces" (iii)
"Flowers in the Forest" (iii)
"Patriot" (iii)
"The Crypt" (iv)
"Crow" (v)
"Faith" (v)
"Vivisection" (v)
"Apache" (iii)
"Moya" (vi)
"Fatman" (vi)
(i) Originally released in December 1982 as a 12-inch single titled The Southern Death Cult on Situation Two (catalogue number SIT 19T). Produced by Mick Glossop.
(ii) Recorded 21 May 1982 for the John Peel show on BBC Radio 1 at Maida Vale 4 studio. Produced by John Owen Williams. Engineered by Martin Colley. First broadcast on 10 June 1982. During the original Peel session, four tracks were recorded: "Fatman", "Today", "False Faces" and "All Glory". The other two tracks ("Fatman" and "False Faces") have never been released.
(iii) Recorded 20 January 1983 for the David Jensen show on BBC Radio 1 at Maida Vale 4 studio. Produced by John Sparrow. Engineered by Martyn Parker. First broadcast on 24 January 1983.
(iv) Recorded at Manchester Square. Engineered by Pat Staples.
(v) Recorded live at Rafters, Manchester, England on 13 December 1982.
(vi) Recorded at The Playground. Produced and engineered by Mike Hedges. Remix by John Brand.
1996 remaster
In August 1996, the material contained on the 1988 The Southern Death Cult CD was remastered and released worldwide (and for the first time ever in the United States) by Beggars Banquet. It was only issued on CD (catalogue number BBL 46 CD). No new material was added, but the liner notes were reworked and new photographs were added.
Foreign releases
The album The Southern Death Cult has been released in a number of foreign countries at different times in different formats. The following is a partial list:
Australia in LP format on Virgin (catalogue number BEGA). Release date unknown.
Belgium in LP format on Virgin (catalogue number BEGA 46). Release date unknown
Brazil in LP format on RCA [catalogue number 1308019). Release date unknown.
Canada in LP format on PolyGram [catalogue number 834 691-1). Release date unknown.
Japan in LP format on Sounds Marketing System (catalogue number SP25 5079). Released sometime in 1983.
Personnel
Southern Death Cult
Ian Robert Astbury - vocals
David "Buzz" Burroughs - guitars
Barry Jepson - bass
Haq Nawaz "Aky" Qureshi - drums
1983 compilation albums
Southern Death Cult albums
Beggars Banquet Records compilation albums
Kaien Island is a Canadian island on the coast of British Columbia, just north of the mouth of the Skeena River and to the south of the Alaska Panhandle. The island has an area of about , is roughly oval, and about long along its long axis. The island consists of a central mountain ridge, surrounded by coastal lowlands, the dominant central peak is Mount Hays reaching , with a secondary peak, Mount Olfield reaching to the northeast.
Located within the Hecate Depression of the Coastal Trough, Kaien Island is a subdivision of the Coast Mountains geomorphic region. The island's bedrock consists of metasedimentary amphibolite, which dips towards the east at about 35 degrees. The island is contained within the Skeena-Queen Charlotte Regional District and are part of the North Coast region. Tidal waters surrounding the island have a wide range which results in extensive exposure of mud flats and rock shoals that are prime habitat for invertebrates and intertidal fish.
Kaien Island is central to the traditional territories of the Tsimshian First Nations, and has been permanently settled for more than 5,000 years. The city of Prince Rupert, British Columbia is situated on the island. Casey Point is located on the western extremity of the island, facing Digby Island, was the site of one of the coastal defence installations to protect the BC Coast during World War II. Another such installation was at Seal Cove on the island's northern tip.
See also
Prince Rupert Harbour
References
Images
Islands of British Columbia
North Coast of British Columbia
Prince Rupert, British Columbia
Neches Independent School District is a public school district for students grades PK-12 based in the community of Neches, an unincorporated community in Anderson County, Texas (USA). The district recently opened a new elementary/junior high in fall of 2010
Located in east central Anderson County, the district has two schools:
Neches High School (Grades 9-12)
Neches Elementary/Jr High School(Grades EE-8)
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.
References
External links
School districts in Anderson County, Texas
The 1982 Gloucester City Council election took place on 5 May 1982 to elect members of Gloucester City Council in England.
Results
|}
Ward results
Barnwood
Barton
Eastgate
Hucclecote
Kingsholm
Linden
Longlevens
Matson
Podsmead
Tuffley
Westgate
References
1982 English local elections
1982
1980s in Gloucestershire
The PB (, English: Silent Pistol; GRAU index 6P9) is a Soviet integrally suppressed semi-automatic pistol developed and manufactured by the Izhevsk Mechanical Plant, based on the Makarov pistol; since the merger of the Izhevsk Mechanical Plant and the Izhevsk Machine-Building Plant to form the Kalashnikov Concern in 2013, the Kalashnikov Concern has continued to manufacture the PB. The weapon entered service in 1967.
Design and features
The PB uses an integral suppressor, which, unlike most similar systems, consists of two parts. This allows the pistol to be carried and kept concealed without the front section of the suppressor attached, and for the suppressor to be quickly deployed prior to use. The pistol may also be fired safely without the front section attached, which may be important in critical situations. When fired like this, the PB sounds similar to a regular Makarov pistol. The detached suppressor is carried in a special compartment of the holster, which was designed especially for the PB.
The PB's firing mechanism and design is based on that of the Makarov pistol. Because the front part of the barrel is covered by the suppressor, the slide is very short, such that it does not allow placing a return spring into it. For that reason, the spring is in the grip, and acts on the slide by means of a long lever.
The iron sights are fixed. It uses standard 8-round magazines from the Makarov pistol.
Users
– Used for executions
Former users
– Used by the KGB, Ministry of Internal Affairs special units (OMON) and Soviet Army reconnaissance groups
See also
APB suppressed machine pistol
List of modern Russian small arms and light weapons
References
External links
ПБ 6П9 (video, in Russian)
PB silenced - Modern Firearms
Guns of the Spetsnaz – 9mm PB silenced pistol by Maxim Popenker
Silenced firearms
Semi-automatic pistols of the Soviet Union
9×18mm Makarov semi-automatic pistols
The Tohunga Suppression Act 1907 was an Act of the New Zealand Parliament aimed at replacing tohunga as traditional Māori healers with western medicine.
It was introduced by James Carroll who expressed impatience with what he considered regressive Maori attitudes. Officials had been concerned for years about the sometimes dangerous practices of tohunga. The Act was introduced in part to target Māori prophet, faith healer and land rights activist Rua Kenana, but it was never used against him.
It was praised by many influential Maori at the time, including Māui Pōmare and all four Maori MPs (Āpirana Ngata, Hōne Heke Ngāpua, Tame Parata and Henare Kaihau). According to Willie Jackson, the prevailing concern raised by Ngata was the harm arising from improper medical practices, rather than the destruction of Matauranga Maori.
The Act
The Act contained only four clauses, the first of which simply gave the short title. The second clause stated that "Every person who gathers Maoris around him by practising on their superstition or credulity, or who misleads or attempts to mislead any Maori by professing or pretending to possess supernatural powers in the treatment or cure of any disease, or in the foretelling of future events, or otherwise" was liable for prosecution. The first offence could be subject to a fine of up to 25 pounds or up to six months imprisonment. Subsequent offences could lead to a prison term of up to a year. However, no prosecution under the Act could be commenced without the consent of the Minister of Native Affairs.
The third section enabled the Governor of New Zealand to gazette regulations to enable the intention of the Act to be carried out. The fourth section repealed subsection 5 of section 16 of the Maori Councils Act 1900, which allowed Maori Councils to license tohunga.
Background
Parliament debated the Act. Members portrayed traditional practices in curing smallpox (and other introduced diseases) as ineffectual and sometimes dangerous. This led to characterisations of some tohunga as "charlatans" exploiting their fellow Māori.
Speakers in favour of the Act referred to "Second-class Tohunga", who did not possess traditional knowledge or authority and just preyed on the superstition of local people. Āpirana Ngata supported the Bill, though he said that current tohunga were a bastardized version of the traditional healer. He pointed out that tohunga provided the only medical care available in many districts, and said that the Government would never be able to suppress tohunga unless they could provide a substitute. Hōne Heke Ngāpua, member of Parliament and great-nephew of the famous Hōne Heke, thought that the Bill went in the right direction, but did not go far enough as there was no provision for prosecution of Pākehā tohunga or 'quacks' (this omission was addressed by the Quackery Prevention Act, 1908). At least two Europeans were prosecuted under the Tohunga Suppression Act.
Effects
Tohunga were the holders of knowledge of most rites, and knowledge in general in wānanga. This included health matters, or rongoā, as tohunga were experts in the use of medicinal plants and herbs. European settlers noted the good health and fitness of Māori when they arrived but the diseases that arrived with them were impervious to traditional healing practices. The perceived loss of power of the tohunga, along with the missionary preachings, led many Māori to accept the new religion of the Pākehā in what was to become yet another destabilising factor to the traditional Māori lifestyle. Many tohungas declined to pass on their oral traditions leaving Māori bereft of much of their traditional base. Whatever the overt intentions, there was a paradigm of the time amongst colonial administrators and the general non-Māori populace that Māori were a "lost race", the effect of banning the practices of spiritual and cultural leaders was that it hastened assimilation.
The Act was repealed by the Maori Welfare Act, 1962.
References
Bibliography
External links
A return to the Tohunga Suppression Act 1907, Māmari Stephens. Victoria University of Wellington Law Review. 2001. "...a fresh analysis..."
Health care in New Zealand
1907 in New Zealand law
Repealed New Zealand legislation
1907 in law
Māori politics
Tohunga Suppression Act 1907
The Messerschmitt M 24, otherwise known as the BFW M.24, was an airliner developed in Germany in the late 1920s as a further development in the series of designs produced by Messerschmitt, based on the M 18. Like the M 18 and its follow-on, the M 20, it was a high-wing cantilever monoplane with a fully enclosed cabin and fixed tailwheel undercarriage. It was slightly smaller than the M 20, seating only eight passengers instead of the ten that could be carried by the previous aircraft.
Two prototypes were initially built with BMW and Junkers inline engines, followed by two more with BMW-built Pratt & Whitney radials. However, Messerschmitt proved unable to sell the design, possibly due at least in part to the enmity of Deutsche Luft Hansa director Erhard Milch towards Messerschmitt.
The first M 24a (Junkers-engined, registered D-1767) was used commercially from 1930 by Nordbayerische Verkersflug on the Dresden-Chemnitz-Plauen-Nuremberg route, until it was lost in 1934.
Variants
M 24a - prototypes with BMW Va and Junkers L5G engines (two built)
M 24b - prototypes with BMW-built Pratt & Whitney Hornet engines (two built)
Specifications (M 24b)
Notes
References
1920s German airliners
M 24
Fijnaart en Heijningen is a former municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. It covered the villages of Fijnaart and Heijningen.
Fijnaart en Heijningen was a separate municipality until 1997, when it was merged with Zevenbergen.
References
Municipalities of the Netherlands disestablished in 1997
Former municipalities of North Brabant
Moerdijk
Parce qu'on vient de loin is the debut album released by Corneille at the end of 2002. It reached #4 in the French Albums Chart staying a total of 99 weeks in the chart.
In 2006, the album was rereleased as a package Parce qu'on vient de loin / Les marchands de rêves with the follow-up album of Corneille Les marchands de rêves
Track list
"Seul au monde"
"Terre"
"Sans rancune"
"Ca m'va"
"Rêves de star"
"Avec classe"
"Parce qu'on vient de loin"
"On regarde"
"Tout va bien"
"Ensemble"
"Toi"
"Va (On se verra)"
"Qu'est-ce que tu fais?"
"Comme un fils"
"Parce qu'on vient de loin" (version acoustique)
"D'amour ou d'amitié"
2003: Deluxe Edition
After the success of the album in Canada, the following year a Deluxe edition (édition deluxe) was released including additional recordings.
Track list
Disc 1
"Seul au monde"
"Terre"
"Sans rancune"
"Ca me va"
"Rêves de star"
"Avec classe"
"Parce qu'on vient de loin"
"On regarde"
"Tout va bien"
"Ensemble"
"Toi"
"Va (On se verra)"
"Qu'est-ce que tu fais?"
"Comme un fils"
"Laissez-nous vivre"
"Avec classe" (version acoustique)
Disc 2
"Sans rancune" (version acoustique)
"Parce qu'on vient de loin" (version acoustique)
"Seul au monde" (version acoustique)
"Rêves de star" (version acoustique)
"Qu'est-ce que tu fais?" (version acoustique)
Video bonus
Clip "Avec Classe"
Clip "Ensemble"
Clip "Rêves de star"
Making of "Rêves de star"
References
2002 debut albums
Corneille (singer) albums
European Border Breakers Award-winning albums
The sooty-headed tyrannulet (Phyllomyias griseiceps) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae. It is found in Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, Guyana, Panama, Peru, and Venezuela.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, and heavily degraded former forest.
References
sooty-headed tyrannulet
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Venezuela
Birds of Ecuador
Birds of Peru
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of the Amazon Basin
sooty-headed tyrannulet
sooty-headed tyrannulet]
sooty-headed tyrannulet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Lost Boy is a 2017 dark fantasy novel by Christina Henry inspired by the work of J.M. Barrie.
Set in the world of Neverland, Lost Boy is about Jamie, one of Peter Pan's Lost Boys, who begins to grow increasingly disenchanted with Peter as he slowly grows up.
Summary
Jamie is a young boy who lives on the magical fantasy island of Neverland brought to the island by Peter Pan to be one of his playmates. Jamie is Peter's longest serving companion and feels they have a special bond.
Jamie acts as a surrogate parent to the boys and is especially protective of newcomer Charlie as he is much younger than the others. Peter grows jealous of Charlie and Jamie begins to suspect that Peter might indirectly allow Charlie to die through neglect.
While planning a trip to battle pirates, the boys are attacked by a Many-Eyed, one of the giant poisonous spiders on the island. Jamie manages to kill the spider much to Peter's displeasure, who accidentally reveals that he has a treaty with the beasts allowing them to kill whichever boys they want while leaving Peter alone.
Jamie later discovers that Nip, one of the older boys, has tried to kill Charlie on Peter's instructions though Peter has plausible deniability as his instructions were ambiguous. Though Charlie survives the attack Peter suggests that Nip and Jamie participate in Battle, a gladiator hand-to-hand combat where the boys try to kill each other with only one boy surviving.
During Battle Jamie realizes that Nip disclosed their location to pirates. He manages to murder Nip but the pirates attack, killing and wounding several of the other boys. One of the boys, Sal, is stabbed. When Jamie tends to his wounds he realizes Sal is actually a girl called Sally. The news infuriates Peter, who throws a tantrum and disappears.
Jamie helps Sally recover and the two begin to have romantic feelings for one another. The group become disenchanted with Peter and Jamie, along with Sal, plot to go back to the other world, where they originally came from. Before they can leave Jamie goes to visit the tree that acts as a portal between worlds and discovers it has been hacked down. He additionally finds Charlie and Peter gone and realizes Peter intends to kill Charlie by leaving him among the Many-Eyed.
Jamie goes to the field where the Many-Eyed live and burns them out. He and Sal manage to save Charlie who reveals to them that Peter is now able to fly thanks to a tamed fairy he calls Tink.
Returning to their home to find the rest of the boys Jamie discovers one of them murdered by Peter while the other, Nod, survives an attack. Nod and Jamie go to reunite with Sal and Charlie on the beach where they plan to escape by boat and arrive in time to save Charlie from Peter. Sal however is dead from a crocodile attack orchestrated by Peter.
Discovering that the boat they were planning to use has been destroyed by Peter, Jamie accepts Peter's offer to perform one last Battle against him. Jamie overpowers Peter but does not succeed in killing him as Peter reveals that the island keeps him immortal. He curses Jamie to live on the island as an adult before cutting off his hand.
Jamie, Nod and Charlie go to live with the pirates where Jamie replaces his hand with a hook and becomes their captain. The pirates are befuddled they can never leave the island though they do not realize it is thanks to Jamie and his curse. Watching Peter take boys back and forth over the years Jamie continues to nourish his hatred of Peter.
Reception
Lost Boy received positive reviews with Tom Shippey of The Wall Street Journal calling it a "riveting story".
References
2017 fantasy novels
Works based on Peter Pan
2017 American novels
American fantasy novels
Berkley Books books
Hannes Wolf may refer to:
Hannes Wolf (football manager) (born 1981), German football manager
Hannes Wolf (footballer), (born 1999), Austrian footballer
See also
Hanns Wolf (1894-1968), German composer and pianist
Olivier Boulay (born August 9, 1957, in France) is an automobile designer. Since 2009, he has been the Vice President of Daimler's Advanced Design Centre in Beijing, China.
He was educated at École supérieure d'art graphique et d'architecture intérieure in Paris until June 1981, and graduated from the Royal College of Art in London a year later. He then spent five years as an automotive designer in France and Italy before becoming the Manager of Daimler-Benz AG's Design Division in West Germany in 1987. He was responsible for the S-Class and C-Class exteriors while there, before moving to Japan in 1989. Boulay penned the second generation Subaru Legacy while working for Fuji Heavy Industries, before returning to Daimler Benz in 1992 when they established their Advanced Design Center of Japan. As general manager, Boulay was behind the 97 Maybach concept exhibited at the Tokyo Motor Show, before returning to Europe as General Manager of DaimlerChrysler's Advanced Design Germany studio to usher the Maybach 57 and 62 limousines into production.
Following DaimlerChrysler's assumption of control of Mitsubishi Motors, Boulay was appointed the head of Mitsubishi Motors' design office in May 2001. The continual financial struggle of Mitsubishi Motors hastened DaimlerChrysler's exit from being the company's biggest stockholder. It meant that only one all-new vehicle, the Mitsubishi Grandis, was developed and released during his tenure. However, he was able to exert his stylistic influence on several other vehicles in development, thanks to a heavy schedule of four concept vehicles created in five months prior to the 2001 Tokyo Motor Show. These concepts, the CZ2, CZ3 Tarmac, Space Liner and SUP, all shared a common face created by the curvature of the lower edge of the grille, the size and shape of the badge and the sharp crease rising up the leading edge of the bonnet. Boulay saw this family likeness as important in establishing a strong image for the company. This would later be seen in his facelift of the Australian market Mitsubishi Magna in 2003, its successor the Mitsubishi 380, and the Japanese Mitsubishi i kei car, the latter two of which would only be released after Boulay had left the company.
When DaimlerChrysler terminated its alliance with Mitsubishi in 2004, Boulay, returned to its Advanced Design Studio in Japan and his previous position. He became a professor at Keio University in Tokyo in 2009, and was named Vice President of the Mercedes-Benz Advanced Design Center of China, which opened new premises in Beijing in July 2011 where he is responsible for electric car design development for the joint venture with BYD.
References
1957 births
French automobile designers
Living people
Xanthippus (; , ; c. 525-475 BC) was a wealthy Athenian politician and general during the early part of the 5th century BC. His name means "Yellow Horse." He was the son of Ariphron and father of Pericles. He is often associated with the Alcmaeonid clan. Although not born to the Alcmaeonidae, he married into the family when he wed Cleisthenes' niece Agariste, and would come to represent their interests in government. He distinguished himself in the Athenian political arena, championing the aristocratic party. His rivalry with Themistocles led to his ostracism, only to be recalled from exile when the Persians invaded Greece. He distinguished himself during the Greco-Persian Wars making a significant contribution to the victory of the Greeks and the subsequent ascendancy of the Athenian Empire.
Early political career and ostracism
As a citizen-soldier of Athens and a member of the aristocracy, Xanthippus most likely fought during the Battle of Marathon in 490 BC. Xanthippus first appears in the historical record the following year (489 BC), when he led the prosecution of Miltiades the Younger, the general who led Athenians to victory at Marathon. Miltiades had asked for a fleet of 70 ships and a supply of troops to be put at his disposal in reward for his victory, saying that he would not reveal his intentions, but that the venture would reap great profit for the city. The Athenians granted his wish, but when he met with set-backs and injury during an attack on Paros he had to return empty handed and sick. Many Athenians suspected him of deceiving them. The Alcmaeonidae were traditional political rivals of Miltiades' clan, the Philaidae, and they pressed for charges against the hero of Marathon, with Xanthippus making their case and asking for the death penalty. Miltiades was in great pain due to his injury and could not defend himself, but his friends put up enough of a defence to avoid his execution; instead he was fined a sum too large to pay and thrown in prison as a debtor. He died there of his wounds. Athenians would come to regret their treatment of their war hero, but immediately following the trial Xanthippus became the pre-eminent politician of the day, if only briefly.
Xanthippus' leadership was short lived due to the rise of Themistocles, who was a populist set against the aristocracy that Xanthippus represented. Xanthippus teamed up with his fellow aristocrat Aristides to counter the ambitions of Themistocles, but Themistocles out-maneuvered them with a series of ostracisms that were basic referendums concerning the direction of the Athenian government. The lower classes had begun to flex their political muscle with Themistocles, and the results of the ostracisms reflected their new-found power. There were 5 prominent ostracisms of aristocrats during the political clashes of the 480's BC, and both Xanthippus and Aristides were among the victims. Xanthippus was ostracised in 484 BC.
Return to Athens
Normally, an ostracism led to a 10-year exile. But when the Persians returned to attack Greece in 480 BC, Themistocles and Athens recalled both Xanthippus and Aristides to aid in the defence of the city. The rival politicians settled their differences and prepared for war. The city of Athens had to be abandoned to protect its citizens and Plutarch relates a folk tale about Xanthippus' dog, who had been left behind by his master when the Athenians embarked for the safety of the Island of Salamis. The dog was so loyal that it jumped into the sea and swam after Xanthippus' boat, managing to swim across to the isle, before dying of exhaustion. In Plutarch's day there was still a place on Salamis called "the dog's grave."
Although not mentioned directly, it would seem that Xanthippus at least witnessed, if not fought in, the Battle of Salamis in 480 BC, which saved the Athenians and began to force back the Persian invaders. Xanthippus was elected to the position of eponymous archon the following year (479/478 BC), showing the esteem in which he was then held. At that time a large force of Persian infantry still remained in Greece and Athens was still under threat. He also succeeded Themistocles as commander of the Athenian fleet that year, while Aristides was given command of the land forces. (It remains unclear why Themistocles, after his brilliant victory at Salamis, did not retain his position.)
Battle of Mycale
Xanthippus' greatest military accomplishment was his command of the Athenian naval forces at the decisive Battle of Mycale against the Persians, which was fought off the coast of Lydia in Asia Minor under the command of Leotychidas of Sparta. The remains of the Persian fleet that had survived the Battle of Salamis were stationed at the island of Samos. When they discovered that they were being pursued by the Greek fleet they abandoned Samos and sailed to the opposite shore, under the slopes of Mount Mycale, where they beached their ships and retreated inland to set up a defensive fort. The Greek forces launched an attack on them, with Xanthippus leading his Athenian contingent on the left flank (Greek generals fought on the front lines as an example for their men). Xanthippus' men had easier terrain to cross than the other flank, so they engaged in combat with the Persians first and fought ferociously to earn all the credit. They broke through the line and sent the Persian troops running to their fort for safety. But the Athenians were able to breach the wall and when the other flank joined them they set to slaughtering the enemy. After the rout, the Greeks, led by Xanthippus and Leotychidas, went back to the beach and set fire to the Persian ships effectively destroying the Persian fleet. Herodotus claims this battle occurred on the same day as the Battle of Plataea, where Aristides led the Athenian contingent under the command of the Spartan Pausanias, and defeated the Persian land-forces. With these two decisive battles the war was won and Athens was now safe.
Siege of Sestus
After the Battle of Mycale, the Spartans suggested that the defence of the Ionian colonies of Asia Minor should be abandoned, since it would be difficult to protect them from the nearby Persians. Xanthippus, however, refused to consider the proposal. Athens was the "mother city" of many of the Ionian colonies and she felt a deep kinship with them that demanded their common defence. So the Greek fleet sailed to the Hellespont to destroy the Persian pontoon bridge there, but when they discovered it had already been destroyed, the Spartans withdrew and headed home, while Xanthippus led the remaining force on an assault upon Sestus in the Thracian Chersonese, which had been captured by the Persians and left under the charge of a Persian governor, Artayctes. Sestus controlled the European side of the Hellespont and all the shipping trade that passed. Since Athens was very dependent upon imported grain, this made trade with the Black Sea of strategic importance and Xanthippus was determined to bring these shipping lanes back under Athenian protection. After a winter siege, Artayctes and his son attempted to escape, but they were captured. Artayctes offered 200 talents to Xanthippus to spare his life - a huge sum. But Xanthippus refused. Artayctes' son was stoned to death in front of his father, and then Artayctes himself was crucified. That Herodotus ends his account of the great war with Persia with this relatively minor affair has led some scholars to imply that the historian wished to end on a note that flattered Xanthippus' son, Pericles, who was one of Herodotus' patrons.
Legacy
Xanthippus returned to Athens a hero. He died a few years later, but Pericles, his son, would go on to build upon the family glory, transforming Athens into the greatest centre of learning, art and architecture in Greece, while leading the city into battle against her rival, Sparta.
References
External links
5th-century BC Athenians
Alcmaeonidae
Ostracized Athenians
Eponymous archons
People of the Greco-Persian Wars
Fermi is a Turin Metro station, located in the Turin suburb of Collegno, near the intersection between Via Edmondo De Amicis and Via Enrico Fermi. Being the westerly terminus of Line 1, there is an adjacent park and ride lot with more than 300 spaces and connecting bus service from Rivoli. The station was opened on 4 February 2006 as the western terminus of the inaugural section of Turin Metro, between Fermi and XVIII Dicembre.
Services
Parking lot with more than 300 spaces
Ticket vending machines
Handicap accessibility
Elevators
Escalators
Active CCTV surveillance
References
Turin Metro stations
Railway stations opened in 2006
2006 establishments in Italy
Collegno
Otto Scheffels (2 March 1897 – 4 November 1955) was a German painter. His work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1897 births
1955 deaths
20th-century German painters
20th-century German male artists
German male painters
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Venlo
Vosta Kola (, also Romanized as Vosţá Kolā, Vostā Kalā, and Vostā Kolā) is a village in Dasht-e Sar Rural District, Dabudasht District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 4,092, in 988 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Bhairab Dutt Pandey (17 March 1917 – 4 April 2009) was a member of the Indian Civil Service and Union Cabinet Secretary of the Government of India under Indira Gandhi. He served as the Governor of West Bengal (1981–1983), and Punjab (1983–1984), and the Administrator of Chandigarh for a brief period.
Born in Almora, in the Indian state of Uttarakhand, Pandey served as a Cabinet Secretary to the Union Government from 2 November 1972 to 31 March 1977. When President's rule was imposed on Punjab, he served as the Governor of the state.
Pandey was married to Vimla Pande. They had three children: Arvind Pandey, environmentalist Lalit Pandey, and Ratna Pandey. His brother-in-law, Vinod Chandra Pandey, was also a former Governor and Union Cabinet Secretary.
He was one of the last living members of the Imperial Civil Service, having entered in the 1939 batch.
The Government of India awarded Pandey the fourth highest civilian honour of the Padma Shri, in 1972, for his contributions to Indian society and the Padma Vibhushan in 2000.
References
1917 births
2009 deaths
Recipients of the Padma Vibhushan in civil service
Recipients of the Padma Shri in civil service
Indian Administrative Service officers
Kumaoni people
Governors of Punjab, India
Governors of West Bengal
Politicians from Kolkata
Uttarakhand politicians
People from Almora
Indian Civil Service (British India) officers
Possibly living people
Idrīs ibn Qatādah ibn Idrīs al-Ḥasanī was Emir of Mecca from 1254 to 1270, with interruptions. The majority of his reign was in partnership with his grandnephew Abu Numayy ibn Abi Sa'd ibn Ali.
Biography
In 1254 he deposed his nephew Ghanim ibn Rajih from the Emirate of Mecca in partnership with Abu Numayy ibn Abi Sa'd, with only three killed in the fighting. They reigned together until (), when they were deposed by the emir al-Mubariz Ibn Birtas on behalf of al-Muzaffar of Yemen. Idris and Abu Numayy retook Mecca two months later, four nights 6 March 1255. Ibn Birtas ransomed himself and returned to Yemen.
In 1256 Idris was briefly deposed by Abu Numayy when he left Mecca to visit his brother Rajih. When he returned to Mecca with Rajih the three sharifs reconciled.
Idris was deposed a second time in . Abu Numayy wrote to al-Zahir Baybars of Egypt, explaining that he had witnessed in Idris an inclination towards al-Muzaffar Yusuf of Yemen and his state, due to which he had expelled his uncle. After that Idris gathered his forces and returned to Mecca, the two reconciled, and Idris wrote to the Sultan expressing his loyalty.
In 1270 there again occurred a dispute between the two sharifs, in which Abu Numayy's son was killed. He fled to Yanbu, where he sought support from its Emir. After assembling an army he set out for Mecca and fought Idris at Khulays. He wounded Idris, then dismounted his horse and decapitated him.
According to al-Muyurqi, Abu Numayy was expelled from Mecca after his son was killed in Rabi I (sometime – ), and he killed Idris 40 days after that. That would place Idris's death in Rabi II or Jumada I (sometime – ).
References
Sharifs of Mecca
Banu Qatadah
1270 deaths
Year of birth unknown
13th-century Arabs
Tiago Alves Sales, known as Tiago Alves (; born 12 January 1993), is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Japanese club Fagiano Okayama as a winger.
Club career
Born in São João do Araguaia, Pará, Tiago Alves graduated from Santos' youth setup. He made his professional debut on 2 February 2011, coming on as a second half substitute for Keirrison in a 2–2 away draw against Ponte Preta for the Campeonato Paulista championship. He scored his first professional goal on 27 March 2011, in the 3–2 away victory against Ituano.
On 16 May 2012 Tiago Alves was loaned to Série B club Boa Esporte, but returned to his parent club only three months later. On 3 December 2012, he was loaned to América Mineiro until the end of 2013 season.
Tiago Alves was subsequently loaned to Penapolense and Paraná, only appearing regularly with the latter. On 4 January 2015 he moved abroad for the first time in his career, signing for K League 1 side Pohang Steelers.
Tiago Alves made his debut for the club on 15 March, coming on as a second-half substitute and scoring his side's second in a 2–4 home loss against Ulsan Hyundai FC.
At the beginning of 2016, Tiago was loaned to Seongnam FC. He scored 13 goals and offered 5 assists to keep Seongnam in the K League 1.
On 1 August 2016, Thiago Alves transferred to Al-Hilal FC, signing a 3 year contract for an undisclosed fee.
In March 2017 Shimizu S-Pulse announced the signing of Tiago Alves on a season-long loan from Saudi Arabia's Al Hilal.
Career statistics
References
External links
ogol.com
1993 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Pará
Brazilian footballers
Association football forwards
Association football wingers
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B players
Santos FC players
Boa Esporte Clube players
América Futebol Clube (MG) players
Clube Atlético Penapolense players
Paraná Clube players
K League 1 players
Pohang Steelers players
Seongnam FC players
Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors FC players
Saudi Professional League players
Al Hilal SFC players
J1 League players
J2 League players
Shimizu S-Pulse players
Sagan Tosu players
Gamba Osaka players
Fagiano Okayama players
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in South Korea
Expatriate footballers in South Korea
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Saudi Arabia
Expatriate footballers in Saudi Arabia
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Japan
Expatriate footballers in Japan
Tim Moore is an American pop singer and songwriter who recorded four albums for Asylum Records in the 1970s. Moore's songs were praised by critics and admired by a diverse range of peers including Keith Richards, Jimmy Webb, James Taylor and Michael McDonald.
Career
Early bands
A self-taught musician, Moore grew up in Philadelphia, where he went to art school and played his early songs at local coffee houses. His rock career began with DC & the Senators opening arena rock concerts in Philadelphia. He played drums with Woody's Truck Stop, the first band to feature Todd Rundgren. He and a friend started the Muffins, the first group to record and perform Tim Moore pop songs. The Muffins had minor success on RCA Records with the single "Subway Traveler". During its year of existence, the band did one week residencies at the Trauma, a psychedelic club in Philadelphia, with acts like the Velvet Underground.
After the Muffins disbanded, Frank Zappa heard Moore play solo and considered his songs harmonically advanced for the time. Zappa brought Moore to New York with the intention of signing him to his label, Bizarre Records. Moore declined the offer when Zappa couldn't schedule time to produce the album himself. Moore returned to Philadelphia and worked as a staff writer and studio musician on sessions with Thom Bell, Gamble and Huff, and other producers of Philadelphia soul. He lived next door to singer Daryl Hall in downtown Philadelphia, where they worked together as staff writers for a production company. Moore and Hall co-founded a new band, Gulliver, who released one album for Elektra Records.
Solo career
After the breakup of Gulliver, Moore sought a more personal approach to his music. He moved to Woodstock, New York, the residence of Bob Dylan, The Band, and Van Morrison. He signed with Dunhill Records, which issued his first single, "A Fool Like You," on which Donald Fagen of Steely Dan sang backup. In return, Moore sang backup on the first Steely Dan single, "Dallas".
Moore's self titled debut solo album came in 1974 as the first release by a label called A Small Record Company. It was distributed by Paramount and its parent company Famous Music Corp. It was produced by Nick Jameson, who recognized Moore's multi-instrumental talents and encouraged him to assemble his own tracks. Moore layered guitar, keyboard, and bass parts over drum tracks by Bernard Purdie, and Russ Kunkel. The debut single "Second Avenue" charted in the US, Canada, and UK. But as it was headed up the US charts Famous Music closed its record operations.
When record label chiefs Clive Davis and David Geffen heard that Moore was a free agent, a bidding war ensued. Moore chose to sign with Geffen's Asylum Records. Meanwhile Art Garfunkel released a recording of Second Avenue. Garfunkel's version peaked at No. 34 on the Billboard magazine Hot 100 chart, number six Adult Contemporary, and No. 39 in Canada, while Moore's original peaked at No. 58 after re-release. Moore's version made a brief re-appearance of the Canadian charts in early 1978, reaching number 92.
During 1975 Moore released the album Behind the Eyes. This featured what remains his best-known song, "Rock and Roll Love Letter". The song was a hit when re-recorded by the Bay City Rollers a year later. Moore's guitar playing on this song caught the attention of Keith Richards, guitarist for the Rolling Stones. They became friends and Moore spent two weeks in rehearsals with the Rolling Stones and Peter Tosh at Bearsville Studios in Woodstock.
Moore's third album, White Shadows, was recorded in Los Angeles with more polished production and a group of seasoned musicians, including Michael McDonald of the Doobie Brothers, Jeff Porcaro of Toto, Timothy B. Schmit of the Eagles, and Bill Payne of Little Feat. The album was followed by High Contrast, produced by Ken Scott, who had worked with The Beatles, David Bowie, Devo and Supertramp.
Singers continued to mine his new releases for songs but Moore's records received limited attention in the United States. In 1986 Moore released his fifth album, Flash Forward. He spent 75 days touring Brazil after "Yes," a ballad from that album, rocketed to No.1 and stayed there for ten weeks.
Recent activity
As of 2019, Moore continues to write songs and plans new recording projects and live dates through 2020. He is a polymath and self-directed learner who focuses on social psychology, human behavior and digital-human interfaces. Two major non-fiction books have been in production for over a decade. A memoir is also taking shape. His fine art work will be published as an edition of prints in late 2019. In 2016, he was the music director for an all-star tribute to Lou Reed for the 50th anniversary of Max's Kansas City.
Other versions of Tim Moore songs
"Second Avenue" was recorded by Art Garfunkel and Colin Blunstone; "Rock and Roll Love Letter" by the Bay City Rollers and The Records; "Charmer" by Etta James; "A Fool Like You" by Eric Andersen and Iain Matthews; "Love Enough" by Cher, Siobhan Crawley, Paul Jones, Maxine Nightingale, and Cliff Richard; "I Think I Want to Possess You" by Maxine Nightingale; "Aviation Man" by Jimmy Witherspoon; "I Got Lost Tonight" by Clifford T. Ward; and "That's the Way I See You/Yes/It Ain't Over 'til It's Over" by Richie Havens; "When You Close Your Eyes" by Colin Blunstone and Nigel Olsson.
Album discography
Tim Moore (A Small Record Company, 1974)
Tim Moore (Asylum, 1974, re-issue)
Behind the Eyes (Asylum, 1975)
White Shadows (Asylum, 1977)
High Contrast (Asylum, 1979)
Flash Forward (Elektra, 1985)
Singles discography
"A Fool Like You" (Dunhill/ABC, 1973) -- U.S. #93
"Second Avenue" (Asylum, 1974) -- U.S. #58; AC #41; CAN #60
"Charmer" (Asylum, 1975) -- U.S. #91
"Rock and Roll Love Letter" (Asylum, 1975)
"In the Middle" (Asylum, 1977) -- U.S. #75; CAN #89
"Yes" (Top Tape, 1986) -- Brazil, (Vidisco, 1986 ) -- Portugal #1
References
David Quentin (liner notes) CD reissues, Airmail Archive, Japan 2004
External links
[ AllMusic entry]
Living people
Songwriters from Pennsylvania
Asylum Records artists
Polydor Records artists
Charisma Records artists
Temple University alumni
People from Woodstock, New York
1949 births
Anthony Michael Volpe (born April 28, 2001) is an American professional baseball shortstop in the New York Yankees organization.
Amateur career
Volpe attended Delbarton School in Morristown, New Jersey, where he played for the school's baseball team and was a teammate of Jack Leiter. As a senior, he hit .488 with seven home runs, 34 RBIs, and 17 stolen bases. He was named the 2019 New Jersey High School Player of the Year by Perfect Game. Volpe committed to play college baseball at Vanderbilt University.
Professional career
The New York Yankees selected Volpe in the first round, with the 30th overall selection, of the 2019 Major League Baseball draft. He signed on June 10, receiving a $2.7 million signing bonus, and made his professional debut with the Pulaski Yankees of the Rookie Advanced Appalachian League. Over 34 games, he batted .215 with two home runs and 11 RBIs. During the COVID-19 shutdown resulted in the cancellation of the 2020 minor league season, Volpe worked to gain muscle and improve his swing. To begin the 2021 season, he was assigned to the Tampa Tarpons of the Low-A Southeast. After slashing .302/.455/.623 with 12 home runs and 49 RBIs across 54 games, he was promoted to the Hudson Valley Renegades of High-A East.
The Yankees assigned Volpe to the Somerset Patriots of the Double-A Eastern League for the start of the 2022 season. On June 26, Volpe hit a walk-off home run in the bottom of the 10th inning to a 6-5 win against the visiting Hartford Yard Goats. His solo homer delivered the Eastern League Northeast Division first-half title to the Somerset Patriots in a winner-take-all game between the division's top two teams. In July, Volpe represented the American League at the All-Star Futures Game. Volpe batted .252 with 18 home runs and 60 RBIs in 109 games for Somerset and was promoted to the Scranton/Wilkes-Barre RailRiders of the Triple-A International League on September 2.
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
Baseball shortstops
Pulaski Yankees players
American sportspeople of Italian descent
Baseball players from New Jersey
Tampa Tarpons players
Hudson Valley Renegades players
Somerset Patriots players
Scranton/Wilkes-Barre RailRiders players
The sixth season of the reality television series Black Ink Crew: Chicago aired on VH1 from December 4, 2019 until July 27, 2020. It chronicles the daily operations and staff drama at an African American owned and operated tattoo shop 9MAG located in Chicago, Illinois.
Main cast
Ryan Henry
Charmaine Walker
Jessica Simpson
Phor Brumfield
Don Brumfield
Recurring cast
Ashley P
Rachel
NeekBey
Brittney Slam
Gina
Draya
Prince
Fly Tatted
Plug
Zach
Miss Kitty
Danielle Jamison
Bella
Katrina Jackson
Van Johnson
Briana Johnson
Lily
Star
King JaBri
Nelly
Steven
Episodes
References
Black Ink Crew
2019 American television seasons
2020 American television seasons
Dan Sferra is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives, representing the 64th District from 2001 to 2004.
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20100203140244/http://www.house.state.oh.us/index.php?option=com_displaymembers&task=detail&district=64
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Living people
Ohio Democrats
21st-century American politicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
Grêmio Osasco Audax Esporte Clube, commonly referred to as Audax, is a professional association football club based in Osasco, São Paulo, Brazil. The team competes in Campeonato Paulista Série A2, the second tier of the São Paulo state football league.
The club was formerly known as Pão de Açúcar Esporte Clube, PAEC and Audax São Paulo Esporte Clube.
History
The club was founded as a city of São Paulo-based club on December 8, 2004 as Pão de Açúcar Esporte Clube, playing their first professional game on April 7, 2007, against Jabaquara, for the Campeonato Paulista Segunda Divisão. They won the Campeonato Paulista Segunda Divisão in 2008, after beating Batatais in the final.
Pão de Açúcar Esporte Clube was renamed to Audax São Paulo Esporte Clube on July 17, 2011, adopting a new logo and new kits. The owner of the club, Grupo Pão de Açúcar, changed the club's name to bring the team closer to its supporters.
The club was sold on September 22, 2013 to Mário Teixeira, president of Bradesco and vice-president of Grêmio Osasco, renamed to Grêmio Osasco Audax and moved to Osasco.
In his little time after having changed from the city, the team controlled by Fernando Diniz surprised to eliminate major clubs, such as the São Paulo and Corinthians in the Campeonato Paulista. With its form engaging to play and until the number of play ugly. players as Tchê Tchê, Camacho, Bruno Paulo and other stood out and came up to the end of the State where he was vice after losing the final for the Santos.
After the brilliant campaign in Paulistão, the club has a partnership with Oeste in dispute the Campeonato Brasileiro Série B, where otherwise disposed in addition to Fernado Diniz, a good part of the players.
Achievements
Campeonato Paulista:
Runners-up (1): 2016
Campeonato Paulista Segunda Divisão:
Winners (1): 2008
Anthem
In January 2013, AUDAX released the new anthem for both the Rio de Janeiro and São Paulo teams. According to Michel Cravo, club manager in Rio, the choice of musical style (rock) is due to an intent to innovate, taking a different approach from older teams, that have anthems resembling marches.
The Lyrics of the new anthem are:
Quando o AUDAX entra em campo
Junto vai meu coração
Mata no peito
Bota no chão
Estufa a rede
É pura emoção
Quando o AUDAX entra em campo
Honra a nossa tradição
Escola de craques
Tem fome de gol
Vencer e ser campeão
Fera na escola
Não pisa na bola
Audax forjando campeões
Valente, guerreiro,
Faz tremer o chão
Audax em nosso coração!
(AUDAX!)
Translated into English, it goes:
When AUDAX enters the field
So does my heart
Chest it (the ball)
Put it in the ground
Score the goal
It's pure emotion
When AUDAX enters the field
Honors our tradition
School for great players
Is hungry for goals
Winning and being the champion
Fierce at school
Doesn't mess up
Audax forging champions
Valiant warrior,
Makes the ground tremble
Audax in our hearts!
(AUDAX!)
Stadium
Grêmio Audax Osasco plays they home game at Estádio José Liberatti. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 12,430.
Audax São Paulo Esporte Clube, until 2014, played their home games at Estádio Nicolau Alayon. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 9,660 people.
The club, until 2011, played their home games at Estádio Conde Rodolfo Crespi, nicknamed Estádio Rua Javari. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 4,000 people.
Current squad
Out on loan
Women's team
Their women's team debuted in the 2015 Campeonato Paulista de Futebol Feminino and then for two years put together a combined squad with Corinthians (called Corinthians Audax) and won the 2017 Copa Libertadores Femenina and the 2016 Copa do Brasil de Futebol Feminino.
References
External links
Official website
Association football clubs established in 1985
Football clubs in São Paulo
1985 establishments in Brazil
Pseuderanthemum crenulatum is a herbaceous plant species, belonging to the Acanthaceae, which occurs in Indo-China and Malaysia; no subspecies are listed in the Catalogue of Life.
Gallery
References
crenulatum
Flora of Indo-China
Jiaokou County () is a county in Lüliang City, Shanxi province, China.
Administrative divisions
Jiaokou county includes the towns:
Chengguan (城关镇)
Shuangchi (双池镇)
Taohongpo (桃红坡镇)
Kancheng (康城镇)
and the townships:
Shikou (石口乡)
Huilong (回龙乡)
Wenquan (温泉乡)
History
Jiaokou county was developed in 1971. The local government is in Shuitou.
Other information
Sea buckthorn is a famous wild plant which grows locally. Its juice has a special flavor, so some local factories produce and sell it; one of these companies is Weishijie.
References
External links
Jiaokou County Government's official website
www.xzqh.org
County-level divisions of Shanxi
Franz Ambrosius Reuss (3 October 1761, Prague – 9 September 1830, Bilin) was a Czech geologist, mineralogist and balneologist. He was the father of geologist August Emanuel von Reuss.
He studied medicine in Prague and obtained his medical doctorate in 1782. As a student, he developed a strong interest in geology and mineralogy and subsequently visited the Bergakademie in Freiberg, where he attended lectures given by Abraham Gottlob Werner, a proponent of geological Neptunism. Later on, he was hired by Prince Lobkowitz to serve as a spa physician in Bilin, a town in northwestern Bohemia. Here, he conducted investigations of the regions' mineral deposits, that included orographic and paragenetic studies of its highlands. He was the author of a number of works on the composition, geology and utilization of mineral resources at Bilin, Franzensbad, Liebwerda, Teplitz, etc. For this, and for his comments made regarding the mining aspects of regional mineral deposits, he was named royal Bergrat (councilor of mines) in 1808.
He also conducted extensive mineralogical studies of the regions' mineral springs from a medicinal standpoint. From 1780 he assembled a systematic collection of minerals that was continued by his son, August Emanuel.
Published works
He was the author of a four-volume textbook on mineralogy, Lehrbuch der Mineralogie (1801-06), in which he gives a total account of Werner's ideas. A few of Reuss's other written efforts are:
Orographie des nordwestlichen Mittelgebirges in Böhmen, 1790 – Orography of the northwestern highlands of Bohemia.
Mineralogische Geographie von Böhmen, (2 volumes) 1793-97 – Mineralogical geography of Bohemia.
Sammlung naturhistorischer Aufsätze : mit vorzüglichen Hinsicht auf die Mineralgeschichte Böhmens, 1796.
Die Mineralquellen zu Bilin, 1808 – The mineral springs of Bilin.
Die Mineralquellen zu Liebwerda in Böhmen, 1811 – The mineral springs of Liebwerda.
References
1761 births
1830 deaths
Scientists from Prague
Czech mineralogists
Czech geologists
Jeremy Yates (born 6 July 1982) is a former New Zealand professional racing cyclist, who last rode for the Manisaspor Continental Cycling Team.
In 2004 Yates was banned for two years by the Belgian cycling federation for having an unexplained high level of testosterone. Yates had his contract with for 2005 cancelled as a result of this ban.
Career highlights
1999
1st John Bull Cup
2000
1st Junior Road race, Plouay
2002
1st Stage 5 Tour of Southland, Crown Range
National Under–23 Road Championships
1st Road race
2003
1st GP Istria 4
1st in North Harbour Cycling Club Criterium (b) (NZL)
National Under–23 Road Championships
1st Road race
3rd Time trial
2nd Overall Le Transalsace International, U23
2nd Overall, Tour of Southland
1st Stage 1, 2 & 5
3rd Overall, Tour de Vineyards
2004
1st Lake Taupo Cycle Challenge
1st Stage 4 Tour de Vineyards, Richmond
1st Stage 4 Tour of Wellington, Masterton
1st Overall UAE International Emirates Post Tour
1st Stage 4
Le Triptyque des Monts et Châteaux
1st Stage 1 & 3
1st Overall Tweedaagse van de Gaverstreek
1st Stage 4 Tour de Bretagne
1st Stage 2 Tour du Tarn-et Garonne, Caussade
1st Flèche Ardennaise
3rd Romsée – Stavelot – Romsée
2007
3rd Overall Tour of Taranaki
1st Stage 3 & 5
1st Coromandel K2 Classic
1st in grade, 2nd overall Lake Taupo Cycle challenge
2nd Taupo-Napier Classic
2008
1st Overall Tour de Vineyards
2nd in Stage 2 & 3
1st Le Race
1st Coromandel K2 Classic
1st Rice Mountain Classic
1st Wanganui GP
2nd Stage 4 Benchmark Homes Tour, Kaikoura
4th Overall Tour de Langkawi
6th Overall Tour of Southland
1st Stages 2 & 6
7th Overall Herald Sun Tour
2009
1st Overall Tour de Vineyards
1st in Stage 2 & 3
1st Coromandel K2 Classic
1st Le Race
1st Stage 6 Tour of Southland
5th Overall Tour of Wellington
2010
1st Coromandel K2 Classic
1st Taupo-Napier Classic
1st Rice Mountain Classic
3rd Overall Tour of Southland
1st Stage 2 & 6
7th Overall Tour of Wellington
10th Overall Tour do Brasil
1st Stage 5
2011
National Road Championships
3rd Road race
5th Overall Tour of Isparta
7th Overall Tour of Victory
1st Stage 1
7th Overall Tour of Marmara
10th Overall International Tour of Hellas
See also
List of doping cases in cycling
References
1982 births
Living people
Olympic cyclists of New Zealand
Cyclists at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Doping cases in cycling
New Zealand sportspeople in doping cases
Place of birth missing (living people)
Antakya Sport Hall is an indoor sporting arena that is located in Hatay, Turkey. It belongs to Hatay Youth and Sports Directorate. The capacity of the sport hall is 2,500 spectators.
Professional women basketball team Homend Antakya play their home games in Antakya Sport Hall.
Sports venues in Turkey
Sport in Antakya
Buildings and structures in Hatay Province
Peter Ridsdale (born 11 March 1952) is an English businessman and advisor to the owner at Preston North End. He was until December 2011 the Chairman of Football Operations at Plymouth Argyle. Ridsdale was previously the chairman of Leeds United, Barnsley and Cardiff City.
History
Leeds United
Ridsdale became chairman of hometown club Leeds United in 1997 and enjoyed success in the first four years of tenure as Leeds reached the UEFA Cup semi-final in 1999–2000 and the UEFA Champions League semi-finals in 2000–01. During this time he enjoyed a good relationship with the Leeds fans. However, once the full extent of what Ridsdale and his board had done at Elland Road was discovered by the fans this relationship vanished and he is now best remembered by Leeds supporters for the financial and relegation nightmares that the club found themselves in, going from a club competing in the UEFA Champions League to a League One club in the space of six seasons.
Under Ridsdale's stewardship the club borrowed £60m against future gate receipts, effectively gambling on Leeds qualifying for the Champions League in successive seasons, which they failed to do. Ridsdale has repeatedly denied any blame with regard to the later situation of the club but has also conflictingly admitted it was a mistake to allow David O'Leary to spend so lavishly on players. Ridsdale also claimed that he would have saved Leeds from subsequent relegations to the third tier of English football and the debt his board had incurred in the name of the club. The fact remained however that by the time Ridsdale stepped down in March 2003, Leeds were £103 million in debt and failing on the field.
After Leeds' relegation to the third tier of the English league system for the first time in their history Ridsdale said he was "deeply saddened" by Leeds's relegation but stated that he did not believe that events during his tenure as Leeds chairman were in any way responsible for the club's current plight.
Barnsley
He was also the owner of Barnsley for a while, rescuing them from folding after dropping from the Premier League to Division Two and loss of revenue from the ITV Digital collapse. Some saw him as a major mistake at Barnsley as he nearly made the club go into liquidation before Gordon Shepherd and Patrick Cryne took over at Oakwell.
Cardiff City
He became deputy Chairman of Cardiff City, who had recruited him to help with their new stadium project, which eventually became Cardiff City Stadium. He became chairman in October 2006 after Sam Hammam stepped down. The club's debts were estimated at £35m, and losing £10m each year, according to Ridsdale.
In mid-2007, Ridsdale campaigned to become a member of the Football Association of Wales council and hoped to be elected as one of six south Wales representatives on Welsh football's ruling body. However, when the vote took place in July he finished bottom of the candidates with just fourteen votes. It has been alleged that the former Leeds chairman has flirted with disaster, trying to build a promotion-winning side while, at the same time, the Bluebirds have fought off four winding-up orders. Ridsdale was forced to apologise for "misleading" fans when he conceded money raised during Christmas period 2009 from season ticket renewals for 2011 had to be spent on settling debts rather than reinforcements.
He announced his intention to quit as Cardiff chairman at the end of May 2010, the play-off final loss to Blackpool at Wembley Stadium on 22 May 2010 being his final game. Malaysian Consortium head Dato Chan Tien Ghee took over as part of a £6m deal for an estimated 30% of the club. The club was estimated to have between £10m and £30m of debt and faced a fifth winding up order over a £1.9m tax bill on 16 June. The publishing of the financial accounts for year 2009 in August 2010 revealed that the club's actual debt was £66 million, leading to concerns over the continued existence of the club.
Plymouth Argyle
Ridsdale approached Plymouth Argyle with the intentions of investing in the club, but with a winding-up petition in place Ridsdale was instead appointed as a footballing advisor to the board in December 2010, with an aim of selling "short-term assets", i.e. the playing staff. Craig Noone and Réda Johnson were subsequently sold, and the club survived the winding-up attempt for debts owed to HMRC.
In March 2011, the club were still in financial peril and with staff still unpaid and debts rising as the months passed, Ridsdale proposed that the club needed £5million in investment to complete the football season. The club announced plans to be placed into administration, and were docked 10 points. Brendan Guilfoyle (a Leeds based insolvency practitioner) was appointed as administrator and retained Ridsdale to run the footballing side of the business. The club were relegated from League One at the end of the season.
In the summer of 2011 Ridsdale continued to act as chairman, assisting Guilfoyle in finding potential buyers, before buying the club himself for the nominal fee of £1 with the intentions of keeping the club afloat until a more permanent owner could be found. Ridsdale fired Peter Reid as manager just one month into the season, replacing him with Carl Fletcher as a caretaker player-manager.
With club staff nearing their tenth month without pay, James Brent arranged deals with the PFA and Plymouth City Council to help clear debts, and took over the club from Ridsdale and the administrators in October 2011.
Preston North End
Peter Ridsdale became the Preston North End chairman on 6 December 2011. Within eight days of his appointment, Peter Ridsdale sacked the then Preston manager Phil Brown after only one win in eleven. He then left this role and became an advisor to the owner, Mr T Hemmings in 2012.
United We Fall
In November 2007 Ridsdale released the book United We Fall: Boardroom Truths About the Beautiful Game making claims about incidents which had contributed to the downfall of Leeds United in the mid-2000s.
David O'Leary called Ridsdale's claims "deranged" and suggested that he was 'two faced' with his comments compared to how the pair's relationship had continued since both had left Leeds.
O'Leary later responded to the claims regarding him by stating that he had taken part in discussions with Ridsdale and had signed a conditional statement, but O'Leary said that nothing legally-binding was put in place.
Other business dealings
Ridsdale was Managing Director of Tulchan Holdings, which successfully acquired Sock Shop from the receiver in 1996.
Disqualification
Ridsdale's sports consultancy firm WH Sports Group Limited, which provided advice to football clubs from 2003, failed in 2009 with debts of more than £475,000. Ridsdale was found to have diverted payments by football clubs totalling £347,000, due to the company, into his personal bank account. In October 2012, he was disqualified as a company director until April 2020 after an inquiry by the Insolvency Service. His wife Sophie Ridsdale was likewise banned from acting as a director of any company until 2016.
Responding to the ban, Ridsdale claimed that he was currently only acting as Chairman of Football at Preston North End, not as a director.
References
External links
BBC – Leeds Sport – Peter Ridsdale Factfile
1952 births
Living people
Chairmen of Leeds United F.C.
English football chairmen and investors
Cardiff City F.C. directors and chairmen
Businesspeople from Leeds
Sportspeople from Yorkshire
People educated at Leeds Modern School
Pandemis orophila is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Uganda.
References
Endemic fauna of Uganda
Moths described in 1965
Pandemis
Estate Botany Bay, near Charlotte Amalie on Saint Thomas in the U.S. Virgin Islands, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
It has the ruins of a sugar cane factory built probably around 1800, and outbuildings, on a bluff above Botany Bay. It has "unusual fortress-like massing, fine proportions and dramatic siting", and is one of little sugar cane factories surviving on St. Thomas.
It is a two-story structure, with a one-story central projection. It is built of red ballast brick, rubble masonry and local brain coral, with walls thick. Indications are that it was originally stuccoed and had a timber frame and a gabled roof.
The first documented transaction for it was on January 17, 1810, when, after James Murphy's death, Elizabeth Murphy deeded it to William Punnett and Edward C. Murphy. Estate and debt sales followed in 1814, 1816 and 1818, and in 1827 it was sold, along with neighboring Fortuna by William Punnett to William Ackers Esq., an attorney of the Liverpool firm of Falkner and Mandsley, towards liquidating Punnett's debts. The sale included 29 male slaves, 22 women, 10 boys, and eight girls, as well as livestock of 23 mules, eight asses, and 15 horned cattle. The lot was then immediately sold by Ackens to Robert Flemming Esq. of St. Thomas for $36,000. It was later sold in 1878 for just $900, reflecting deterioration.
It is located in the west-end quarter of Charlotte Amalie, and is in fact at the farthest point west on the island.
References
Sugar plantations in Saint Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands
Plantations in the Danish West Indies
National Register of Historic Places in the United States Virgin Islands
Buildings and structures completed in 1810
West End, Saint Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands
George Wyner (born October 20, 1945) is an American film and television actor. Wyner graduated from Syracuse University in 1968 as a drama major and was an in-demand character actor by the early 1970s. Wyner has made guest appearances in over 100 television series and co-starred in nine. His roles include Assistant District Attorney Bernstein on the series Hill Street Blues, Colonel Sandurz in the film Spaceballs, and Rabbi Nachtner in A Serious Man.
Early life
Wyner was born in Boston, Massachusetts. His father, Edward, founded and managed Boston's Ritz Carlton Hotel, which was the premier society hotel in Boston through the 1950s. Wyner's father died while his son was in high school. Wyner's family is Jewish.
Career
Wyner was introduced to producer Steven Bochco while appearing in Bochco's short-lived 1976 series, Delvecchio. This led to the role as Irwin Bernstein in Hill Street Blues, and to roles in four subsequent Bochco productions: Doogie Howser, M.D., Brooklyn South, NYPD Blue and L.A. Law. Additionally, Wyner has appeared on the following programs for Hill Streets production company, MTM: Rhoda, The Bob Newhart Show, The White Shadow, WKRP in Cincinnati and Newhart.
Filmography
All the President's Men (1976) as Attorney #2
The Bad News Bears (1976) as White Sox coach
Dogs (1976) as Michael Fitzgerald
The Bad News Bears Go to Japan (1978) as The Network Director
My Favorite Year (1982) as Myron Fein
To Be or Not to Be (1983) as Ratkowski
Fletch (1985) as Marvin Gillet (a.k.a. "Arnold T. Pants, Esq.")
Wildcats (1986) as Principal Walker
Spaceballs (1987) as Col. Sandurz
Fletch Lives (1989) as Marvin Gillet
The Postman (1997) as Benning Mayor
The Devil's Advocate (1997) as Meisel
Not Another Teen Movie (2001) as Principal Cornish
American Pie 2 (2001) as the Camp Director
How to Be a Serial Killer (2008) as Dr. Goldberg
A Serious Man (2009) as Rabbi Nachtner
Armed Response (2013) as Rafferty
Television
The Odd Couple (1971) as Art Director
Ironside (1972) as Tech Director / First Clerk
Adam's Rib (1973)
Columbo (1973) as Film Editor
Kojak (1974-1978) as Asst. DA Linnick / Sergeant Collins
The Missiles Of October (1974) as a civilian aide
The Bob Newhart Show (1975) as 'Flipper', Rex Pottinger / Rex Pottinger
Ellery Queen (1975) as Joe Kemmelman
Sanford and Son (1975) as Percy G. Hopweather
McMillan & Wife (1975) as Frank Daniels
The Rockford Files (1975-1977) as Stephen Kalifer / Max Steinberg / Brice / Strock
Hawaii Five-O (1976) as Allen Sherick
Baa Baa Black Sheep (1976) as Ben Farber
Charlie's Angels (1976) as La Plante
Quincy M.E. (1976-1980) as Allan Stuart / Assistant DA Glendon / Asst. DA Richard Feldman / Asst. City Controller Harold P. Marcus
M*A*S*H (1978) as Cpl. Benson
Emergency! (1978) as Doctor
Kaz (1978-1979) as D.A. Frank Revko
All in the Family (1979) as Dr. Sidney Shapiro
WKRP in Cincinnati (1980) as D. Arnold Gonzer
Alice (1980) as Marty
Soap (1981) as Dr. Rudolph
Nero Wolfe (1981) as Saul Panzer
Lou Grant (1981) as Jeff Benedict
Cass Malloy (1982) as Deputy Max Rosenkrantz
Matt Houston (1982-1985) as Murray Chase
Fantasy Island (1984) as Dave the choreographer
The A-Team (1984) as Richie Hauser
Simon & Simon (1984) as Watson
Hail to the Chief (1985) as Irving Metzman
The Fall Guy (1986) as Henry Morris
It's a Living (1986) as Ricardo Melon
She's the Sheriff (1987-1989) as Deputy Max Rubin
Murder, She Wrote (1988-1995) as Jim Kenton / Harcourt Fenton / Dr. Lewis
The Famous Teddy Z (1989)
Perfect Strangers (1989-1992) as Marvin Berman / Dr. Aldridge
The Golden Girls (1990) as Dr. Norgan
Quantum Leap (1991) as Ben Harris
Man of the People (1991-1992) as Art Lurie
Step by Step (1992) as Mel
L.A. Law (1993) as Aaron Voss
Good Advice (1993-1994) as Artie Cohen
Married... with Children (1994) as Ronald N. Michaels
Coach (1995) as Herb Spiegel
Boy Meets World (1996) as Frank
Murphy Brown (1997) as Dr. Anglund
The Larry Sanders Show (1998) as Paul Fisher
Walker, Texas Ranger (1998) as Dr. Jarred Buckler
The Practice (1999) as Rabbi Stewart Lewis
Malcolm & Eddie (1999) as Phil Easterwood
Sabrina, the Teenage Witch (2000) as President
Days of Our Lives (2001-2013) as Judge David Goldberg / Leon Stern / Judge Carlson
Dharma & Greg (2002) as Herb
Malcolm in the Middle (2002) as Foreman Fred
Stargate SG-1 (2002) as Al Martell
The West Wing (2003) as Congressman Simmel
Nip/Tuck (2003) as Doctor
Two and a Half Men (2003) as Sheldon
Without a Trace (2004) as Hon. Francis Whitmire
ER (2007-2008) as Rabbi
Desperate Housewives (2007-2009) as Dr. Rushton
Bones (2008) as Judge Marcus Haddoes
The Mentalist (2009-2011) as Dr. Steiner
House (2010) as Dr. Richardson
Glee (2011) as Plastic Surgeon
Retired at 35 (2011-2012) as Richard
Melissa and Joey (2011-2014) as Judge Reuben Biddle
Anger Management (2014) as Dr. Richter
Friends with Better Lives (2014) as Dr. Gunderson
Dr. Ken (2016) as Dicky Wexler
The Big Bang Theory (2017) as Dr. Zane
New Amsterdam (2018) as Rabbi Skillman
Grace and Frankie (2021) as Rabbi Safchik
Reboot (2022) as Bob
References
External links
George Wyner on tvland.com
1945 births
Living people
American male film actors
American male television actors
Male actors from Boston
20th-century American male actors
21st-century American male actors
Jewish American male actors
21st-century American Jews
Tallman East Airport is a private airport in Tower City, Pennsylvania. It is used for private aviation. The airport is owned by the Tallman Brothers.
External links
FBO Web: - Tallman East Airport
Great Circle Mapper: - Tallman East Airport
Airports in Pennsylvania
Transportation buildings and structures in Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania
Maurice Sunguti (born 6 October 1977) is a Kenya international football striker who has played for clubs in Kenya, Uganda, Sweden, Vietnam and Tanzania.
Career
Born in Kenya, Sunguti began his career with local side AFC Leopards. He left the club in 1997 and became a journeyman, playing professionally in the Superettan with Friska Viljor FC and winning the Tanzanian league twice with Young Africans S.C.
International career
Sunguti represented the senior Kenya national football team from 1997 to 2004. He played at the 2004 African Cup of Nations finals. He also participated at the 2001 CECAFA Cup, scoring a goal against Eritrea.
Honors
Club
AFC Leopards
Kenyan Premier League
Champion (1): 1998
SC Villa
Ugandan Premier League
Champions (2): 2001, 2002
Ugandan Cup
Champion (1): 2002
Young Africans S.C. (Yanga)
Tanzanian Premier League
Champions (2): 2007/8, 2008/9
References
External links
1977 births
Living people
Kenyan footballers
Kenyan expatriate footballers
Kenya international footballers
2004 African Cup of Nations players
A.F.C. Leopards players
Express FC players
Tusker F.C. players
Young Africans S.C. players
Superettan players
Association football forwards
Tanzanian Premier League players
Jok Richard Church (November 28, 1949 – April 29, 2016) was an American cartoonist who created the Universal Press Syndicate syndicated comic strip You Can With Beakman and Jax, later adapted into the TV series Beakman's World. The series premiered September 18, 1992, on The Learning Channel (TLC) cable network and in national syndication (225 stations, a freshman year record). On September 18, 1993, it moved from national syndication to CBS Saturday morning children's lineup. At the peak of its popularity, it was seen in nearly 90 countries around the world.
He created his comic strip You Can with Beakman & Jax in 1991 for his local newspaper in Marin County, California—inspired by a stint answering kids' letters for Lucasfilm. It was the first ever syndicated newspaper comic drawn and distributed by computer, a Macintosh SE using Adobe Illustrator-88. The comic strip does not answer readers' questions directly; it gives directions for creating an experiment for one to discover the answer independently.
His weekly newspaper feature was posted to his Twitter mini-blog page the week after newspapers have published it.
Jok Church died in San Francisco from a heart attack on April 29, 2016.
Early life and career
Jok Church was born in Akron, Ohio raised in Akron and Munroe Falls, Ohio and attended high school in Stow, Ohio.
After running away from home, Church hitchhiked to San Francisco, California and began working in what was then called "underground" radio with news director careers at KTIM, San Rafael; KERS and KZAP, Sacramento.
As a co-founder and resident at Damian House Gay Men's Collective in Sacramento, Church "came out" as a gay man on the air on KZAP in 1970. He and his late-partner Adam Kazimir Ciesielski were together for 34 years. Church was also the webmaster for environmental artist, Christo whom he met in 1976 during the installation of "Running Fence."
1979 March on Washington recording
Jok attended the National March on Washington for Lesbian and Gay Rights with Adam Ciesielski on October 14, 1979. Together, they recorded a documentary vinyl LP of the main speeches at the event. The recording includes the voices of Robin Tyler, Steve Ault, Tom Robinson, Lucia Valeska, Allen Ginsberg, Arlie Scott, Richard Ashworth, Florynce Kennedy, Charles Law, Mary Watkins & Company, Kate Millet, the Reverend Troy Perry, and people on the Gay Freedom Train. Adam Ciesielski is credited for the photos. The record was released by Magnus Records of Sacramento, California in association with Alternate Publishing. Houston LGBT History holds an online recording of the record.
TED talk
Jok attended the TED conference in Monterey, California, on March 7–10, 2007 and gave a short talk entitled "A circle of caring". At the time of his death, the talk had been translated into 41 languages and viewed 649,716 times. The talk was about two incidents from his personal life that had to do with creating and holding safe spaces for those in need.
Church's death was noted in the TED Blog on May 1, 2016.
References
External links
Washingtonpost.com: Comics: Meet the Artist With Jok Church
Jok's personal web page
Gay artists
LGBT comics creators
LGBT artists from the United States
LGBT people from Ohio
Writers from Ohio
American children's writers
1949 births
2016 deaths
Marie Louise Marcadet née Baptiste (3 December 1758 – 28 February 1804) was a Swedish opera singer and a dramatic stage actress of French origin. She was active in the Royal Swedish Opera as a singer, and in the Royal Dramatic Theatre and the French Theater of Gustav III as an actress. She was a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Music from 1795.
Life
Marie Louise Marcadet was born in Sweden as the daughter of the French actors Marie Baptiste and Jacques Anselme Baptiste. Her parents where both engaged at the French theater in Stockholm, and she was trained as a stage artists by them. The Baptiste family left Sweden in 1771, when the French theater was dissolved by Gustav III of Sweden upon his succession to the throne. She returned to Sweden with her parents in 1776, and performed with some of the French actors of the old theater, which entertained the Swedish royal court in a smaller scale, until a new French theater was established in 1781.
In 1780, she married a French dancer at the Royal Swedish Ballet, Jean-Rémy Marcadet, and was thereafter known under the name Marcadet.
Career
Marie Louise Marcadet was engaged as an opera singer at the Royal Swedish Opera in 1778-95, and as a dramatic stage actress at the French theater in 1781-92, and at the Royal Dramatic Theatre in 1788-95. She made her debut at the Royal Swedish Opera in Bollhuset in the opéra bouffon Les deux avares by Grétry in the 1777–78 season, and was later the same year acclaimed in Lucile by the same composer. She was also active as a stage actress. When a new French theater was founded in 1781, directed by Monvel, she became a part of their company until their dissolution in 1792.
She had an influential position at the opera. On the occasion of her marriage, she was given the opportunity to stage her own production as a benefit performance, which was somewhat controversial and criticized by Gustaf Johan Ehrensvärd, who noted as criticism toward the opera manager Barnekow, that she: "acted as a director of the performance, which he should have done, disposed of the loges, auctioned them off, so that prime minister riksråd Ulric Scheffer lost his loge for not being the highest bidder... it was given to a cook and a chancellor. Such indecency could not be allowed by anyone but this opera management."
She belonged to the pioneer generation of the Royal Dramatic Theatre. When the first Swedish language Ristell theater (1787–88) went bankrupt and transformed by the king to the Royal Dramatic Theatre in 1788, Marie Louise Marcadet and the other actors formed a board of directors and managed the new theater themselves. This management has been described as stormy, but Marcadet was praised for her judgement in the voting about which plays to stage in the theater. The financial arrangements and employment conditions at the royal theater illustrate that Marie Louise Marcadet and Fredrica Löf was given the highest position of all women actors there.
Estimation
Marie Louise Marcadet performed both as an opera singer and a stage actress and was regarded as one of the most noted stage artists in Sweden during her twenty years long career. Marie Louise Marcadet, alongside Jaques Marie Boutet de Monvel, Joseph Sauze Desguillons and Anne Marie Milan Desguillons, has been credited with influence over the development which directed the newly established Swedish national theater to follow a French pattern. She was highly respected as a professional artist, and was referred to as an example of the importance of education by Carl von Fersen in his work Operans och svenska spektaklets förbättrande (1780).
Marcadet was not regarded to be beautiful and described as a very thin woman with a protruding chin to her appearance, but regarded as an competent singer and a marvelous actor. As an opera singer, she was estimated to have a moderately good voice, but handled with such skill that she functioned very well in opera, though she was never counted as belonging to the absolute elite. It was her dramatic talent as a stage actress she was given the highest praise. The critics appreciated that her hard French accent gave her speech power and energy, and she was admired for the impression of passionate strength she eluded. Johan Henric Kellgren called her acting divine, and considered her acting divine, Carl Christoffer Gjörwell wrote of her dramatic ability in the opéra comique Zémire et Azor by Grétry that "her entire soul was created for the Theater."
Roles
Among her parts was Clytaimnestra, Merope by Voltaire, Jocasta in Oedipe by Adlerbeth, Statira in Olympie by Johan Henric Kellgren, Athalie by Racine and countess Walltron in Der Graf von Walltron by Heinrich Ferdinand Möller.
She played Henriette in Les deux avares (season 1777–78), Arséne in the opera La belle Arsène by Monsigny (with Elisabeth Olin and Christoffer Christian Karsten) and Iphigenie in Iphigénie en Aulide by Gluck (with Carl Stenborg), 1779–80, Cybèle in Atys by Piccinni (with Carl Stenborg and Kristofer Kristian Karsten), 1784–85, Hermione in Andromaque by Grétry (with Franziska Stading), Cecilia av Eka in Gustaf Wasa by Johann Gottlieb Naumann (with Carl Stenborg, Kristofer Kristian Karsten and Caroline Halle-Müller), 1785–86, Ramfrid in Folke Birgersson till Ringstad by Gustav III (with Kristofer Kristian Karsten and Inga Åberg), 1792–93, and Minerva in Alcides inträde i världen (The arrival of Alcide in the world) by Haeffner, 1793–94.
Later life
She made her last performance on the Stenborg theatre 14 November 1795, in which she had expressed her wish to "receive the encouragement of the public, which she had so beneficially been granted during her career", and made "a startling success by the praise given to her from an overwhelmed audience."
After this farewell performance, Marie Louise Marcadet left Sweden for France, where she died in Paris.
Legacy
Gustav Löwenhielm mentioned her importance in Swedish theater and opera history in the 19th century, during a discussion about the employment of foreign artists, when he pointed out that several of the artists during the foundation of the Royal Swedish Opera and the Royal Dramatic Theatre had been foreigners: "Is it impossible to engage Mr Berg and Miss Schoultz? - Generally, I can not see how we can elude the employment of half grown foreigners. Gustav III's Swedish national theatre started with the Danish Mrs Müller, the French Mrs Marcadet, the German Mamsell Stading, the German Mrs Augusti and the Polish Mrs Karsten. These ladies occupied our stage and kept it from the foundation of the opera and the premature departure of Mrs Olin in the beginning of the 1780s, until the year of 1800, when the school of Mrs Desguillons had created Mamsell Wässelia cum celeris."
References
Oscar Levertin: Teater och drama under Gustaf III, Albert Bonniers förlag, Stockholm, Fjärde Upplagan (1920). ['Teater och drama under Gustaf III']
Nordensvan, Georg, Svensk teater och svenska skådespelare från Gustav III till våra dagar. Förra delen, 1772-1842 ['Swedish theatre and Swedish actors from the days of Gustav III to our days. First Book 1772-1842'] Bonnier, Stockholm, 1917
Kungliga teaterns repertoar 1773-1973 ['Repertoire of the Royal Theatre 1773-1973'], 1974
Hilleström, Gustaf: Kungl. Musikaliska akademien: matrikel 1771-1971, Nordiska musikförlaget, Stockholm 1971, Publikationer / utgivna av Kungl. Musikaliska akademien, 99-0168608-3 ; 10 (swe).
Österberg, Carin, Lewenhaupt, Inga & Wahlberg, Anna Greta, Svenska kvinnor: föregångare nyskapare, Signum, Lund, 1990 1990 (Swedish)
1758 births
Members of the Royal Swedish Academy of Music
1804 deaths
Swedish operatic sopranos
Swedish people of French descent
18th-century Swedish actresses
Gustavian era people
18th-century Swedish women opera singers
Joseph Adams, F.L.S. (1756 – 20 June 1818) was a British physician and surgeon.
Life
Adams was born in 1756 to Joseph Adams (c. 1725-1783), an apothecary of Basinghall Street, London, and Susannah, daughter of Timothy Rogers. His father was a rigid dissenter who, because of his religious beliefs, would not allow his son to attend Oxford or Cambridge. He, however, received a good classical education and, having been apprenticed to his father, became a member of the Society of Apothecaries. He studied under Dr. Pitcairn and Mr. Pott at St Bartholomew's, Dr. Saunders at Guy's, and Mr. John Hunter at St. George's hospitals.
In 1790, he became a member of the Corporation of Surgeons, and in 1795 published a small volume on Morbid Poisons. On the basis of that work, the University of Aberdeen awarded him an M.D. The following year, he left London for Madeira, where he resided for eight years, practising medicine and conducting research. He visited the lazaretto near Funchal, and learned about leprosy, yaws, and other diseases. This work contributed to the second edition of his work on Morbid Poisons, which he is principally known for. He has the merit of having introduced the cowpox into Madeira.
He returned to England in 1805, and was admitted as an extra-licentiate (without examination) to the London Royal College of Physicians. When Dr. Woodville died in 1806, he succeeded him as physician at the Smallpox Hospital. At this time, the practice of vaccination was slowly recovering from numerous unfounded attacks. A general report authored under Adams' inspection and circulated by the committee of the hospital, helped remove alarm and inspire confidence. This, with a second report, was communicated to the College of Physicians, printed and circulated, and passed through thirteen editions. The produce of the sale was given to the hospital, with a net balance of cash, amounting to 1517l. 16s. 8d., being invested.
Dr. Adams believed (erroneously) that cowpox and smallpox were the same disease. This opinion was shared by Dr. Edward Jenner. Dr. Adams drew his arguments in favour of their identity from the near resemblance of the most favourable kinds of smallpox to the cowpox, and presumptive proofs deduced from the laws of other morbid poisons, that the variolous and vaccine is the same. He contended that the character of the disease might change depending on the pustule used as a vaccine source, and that inoculations from cases of what he called pearl smallpox caused mild affections difficult to distinguish from this cowpox.
In 1804, Adams received an inheritance that allowed him to indulge his taste for study, and also philanthropy. His attachment to his profession was ardent. He delivered several lecture courses, and edited the London Medical and Physical Journal for many years.
Death
He died on 20 June 1818, at the age of 62, following a compound fracture of the leg. He is buried in Bunhill Fields, with the simple motto, "Vir Justus et bonus," inscribed on his tomb. He was survived by his widow, Ann (1765/6–1838).
Legacy
Adams has been described by science historians as a forgotten founder of medical genetics and the first clinical geneticist. In 1814, he authored A Treatise on the Supposed Hereditary Properties of Diseases, based on years of clinical research. Adams was an early (albeit forgotten) anticipator of evolution. Anthropologist Kenneth M. Weiss has written:
Darwin and Wallace were, to the best of my knowledge, wholly unaware of Adams, though in many ways he was ahead of them in time. He had a clearer understanding of the nature of the hereditary mechanisms underpinning evolution, even if, as a physician, he did not discuss the transmutation of species.
Works
He published the following works:
Observations on Morbid Poisons, Phagedaena, and Cancer. Lond. 8vo. Second edit. 1807. 4to. The singular title of this work derives from Mr. Hunter's division of poisons into the natural and the diseased—those that belong to a healthy animal with no ill effect to that animal, and those that result from disease and can spread to other individuals. He treats, among other diseases of Leprosy, or the Elephantiasis of the ancients, the Elephantiasis of the moderns, or the Barbadoes Leg, and the Lepra Graecorum, &c. He also gives an account of the Acarus Syro (Exulcerans of Linnaeus), called the Itch Insect by some (itch mite). During this research, he inoculated himself and family members with the insect to prove the itch and the disease from the Acarus were distinct from each other. To comprehend more precisely the nature of the Sibbens or Sivvens, he made a journey into Dumfries-shire and produced a good summary on the subject.
Observations on the Cancerous Breast. Lond. 1801. 8vo. Second edit. 1805. He regards the existence of cysts or hydatids, possessed of a life independent of the subject they grow in, as constituting the true essential character of the true carcinoma. Dr. Baron has since carried the matter farther, and affirms that all tumours take their origin from hydatids.
Guide to Madeira. Lond. 1801. 8vo. Second edit. 1808.
Answers to all the Objections hitherto made against Cow-pox. Lond. 1805. 8vo.
A popular View of Vaccine Inoculation. Lond. 1807. 12mo.Reports of the Royal College of Physicians in London, Dublin, and Edinburgh, on Vaccination; with introductory Remarks, and other Papers. Lond. 1809. 8vo. These being addressed rather to the public than to the profession, are written in a popular style, and served in a measure to allay the anxiety naturally entertained on such an important subject.An Inquiry into the Laws of Epidemics. Lond. 1809. 8vo. In this work, Dr. Adams assists in marking the distinction between contagious and infectious diseases. The first proposal for the establishment of savings banks appears in this volume, Appendix, No. 4.A Republication of one of John Hunter's Treatises, with a Commentary, which possesses no particular claims to notice.An Illustration of Mr. Hunter's Doctrine, particularly concerning the Life of the Blood. Lond. 1811. 8vo. His enthusiastic advocacy of the doctrines of John Hunter, led Dr. Adams to publish this reply to the observations in the Edinburgh Review on Mr. Abernethy's Physiological Lectures.Syllabus of a Course of Lectures on the Institutes and Practice of Medicine. Lond. 1811. 12mo.
A Treatise on the Supposed Hereditary Properties of Diseases. Lond. 1814.A Philosophical Treatise on the Hereditary Peculiarities of the Human Race: with Notes illustrative of the subject, particularly in Gout, Scrofula and Madness. Lond. 1814. 8vo. Second edit. 1815. To the latter is attached an Appendix on the Goitres and Cretins of the Alps and Pyrenees, which was originally printed in the London Medical and Physical Journal.Memoirs of the Life and Doctrines of the late John Hunter, Esq. Lond. 1817. 8vo. Second edit. 1818.On Epilepsy''. Lond. 1817. 8vo. This paper, (which is inserted in the Memoirs of the Medical Society of London,) forms a good statement of the imperfection of medical science as it regards epilepsy, its causes, modes of treatment, &c. His success in the cure of acute epilepsy has not been confirmed by subsequent experience.
References
1756 births
1818 deaths
18th-century English medical doctors
19th-century English medical doctors
Alumni of the University of Aberdeen
Alumni of St George's, University of London
Alumni of the Medical College of St Bartholomew's Hospital
British pathologists
British surgeons
Fellows of the Linnean Society of London
Proto-evolutionary biologists
Roc d'Azur is an annual mountain biking event held in Fréjus and Roquebrune-sur-Argens, France during October. It consists of a trade show and a few dozen races, attracting riders from various countries. The inaugural edition of the Roc d'Azur was run in 1984 and featured seven competitors, including event founder Stéphane Hauvette. The Roc d'Azur has since grown to become the biggest mountain biking event in the world.
List of winners
References
Mountain biking events in France
Exhibitions in France
Sport in Var (department)
Winam Gulf is a significant extension of northeastern Lake Victoria into western Kenya. Formerly known as Kavirondo Gulf, Nyanza Gulf, and Lake Nyanza Gulf, it is a shallow inlet and is connected to the main lake by Rusinga Channel ( wide), which is partly masked from the main body of the lake by islands.
The port of Kisumu, Kenya's third-largest city, stands on its northeastern shore. It has an average width of extends for from Kisumu to the channel. Significant bays in the gulf include Naya Bay, Nyakach Bay, Osodo Bay, Kendu Bay, Homa Bay, Ruri Bay, Mirunda Bay, Asembo Bay, and Olambwe Bay. Islands in the gulf include Maboko, Rusinga, and Ndere Islands.
References
External links
Topographic map sheet Kisumu
Lake Victoria
Bodies of water of Kenya
Gulfs of Africa
Keolari is a town and a tehsil in Seoni district in the state of Madhya Pradesh, India. The confluence of the Wainganga and Sagar rivers is located at Keolari. The town has a District Institute of Education Training. (D.I.E.T.).
Geography
Keolari is named after a kind of paddy "keolar" which was profusely produced in this region. Keolari is located at . It has an average elevation of 447 metres (1466 feet). It is located at the absolute center of the country.
Demographics
India census, Keolari had a population of 8,840. Males constitute 4,495, 50.84% of the population and females 4,345, 49.15%. As per District government, Keolari has an average literacy rate of 69.16%, higher than the national average of 59.5%: male literacy is 79.82%, and female literacy is 58.47%. Schools in Keolari include Deep Jyoti Public Higher Secondary School, Bhartiya Gyan Peeth, Saraswati Shishu Mandir, Ramanujan Convent School, Excellence School (formerly Govt. Boys Hr. Sec. School), Gov. Girls Hr. Sec. School, St. Norbert's School and others.
Civic administration
Keolari is a tehsil. It is administered by Keolari Nagar Parishad. The town is divided in 15 wards. Each ward is represented by a ward member or Parshad. The SDM court has been working since 1998. It is also a Janpad panchayat.
Climate
The city has the typical hot and dry temperate of the Great Indian Plateau. Keolari is hot during summers with temperatures up to 44 degree Celsius but the winters are quite comfortable. From the July to September months bring heavy rains with the onset of the South Western monsoon. The October to March window during the winters is suitable for a visit to the city.
Transport
Rail
Keolari is a railway station on the narrow gauge () line between Jabalpur to the north and Gondia / Balaghat to the south. It is connected to Asia's largest narrow gauge railway station Nainpur. This line is scheduled for conversion to broad gauge. Narrow gauge line also branches to Nainpur Mandla in the east and to Nagpur via Chhindwara.
All the route is suspended to Maga is blocked.
Air
The nearest airports are at Jabalpur (135 km) and Nagpur (180 km).
Road
It is connected to Mandla, Seoni, Nagpur, Jabalpur and Balaghat by roads. Between Mandla and Keolari is a small village "Chirai Dongri", from where there is access to Kanha Kislee, a well-known national park. There are picnic spots at Sangam, Siddhaghat, and other locations. It is known for its two Khermai (choti and badi). Siddhaghat has small marble rocks just like Bhedhaghat in Jabalpur. The river Wanganga cut through the rocks here.
Communication providers
Airtel, Idea, Reliance Jio, vodafone and BSNL are the cellular service providers in Keolari.
References
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20090410043356/http://dietkeolari.nic.in/about.htm
Cities and towns in Seoni district
Seoni, Madhya Pradesh
Kelly Rutherford (born November 6, 1968) is an American actress. She is known for her television roles as Stephanie "Sam" Whitmore on the NBC daytime soap opera Generations (1989–1991), as Megan Lewis on the Fox primetime soap opera Melrose Place (1996–1999), and as Lily van der Woodsen on The CW series Gossip Girl (2007–2012).
Early life and education
Kelly Rutherford was born in Elizabethtown, Kentucky, on November 6, 1968, the daughter of Ann Edwards. She has a brother, Anthony. She attended Corona del Mar High School in Newport Beach, California. She later studied at HB Studio in New York City, and the Beverly Hills Playhouse in California.
Career
Rutherford began her career on daytime soap operas. She appeared on Loving in 1987, and later was cast as a regular on Generations from 1989 to 1991. In 1992 she joined the cast of the ABC drama Homefront.
From 1993 to 1994, Rutherford was a regular on the Fox series The Adventures of Brisco County, Jr. as Dixie Cousins, a saloon singer and con artist who has a brief romantic encounter with Brisco. In later episodes, Dixie becomes Brisco's primary love interest.
She also appeared in the film I Love Trouble. She also starred in the short-lived series The Great Defender as Frankie Collet (1995), and in Kindred: The Embraced as Caitlin Byrne (1996). In 1996, Rutherford joined the cast of Fox primetime soap opera Melrose Place, as Megan Lewis. She starred on the show until 1999.
She also starred as Christine Hamilton in the horror film Scream 3 (2000). From 2003 to 2004, she starred in the ABC drama Threat Matrix as Special Agent Frankie Ellroy Kilmer. In next television season she starred in another short-lived series, E-Ring, on NBC. In 2007, Rutherford began starring as Lily van der Woodsen in the CW series Gossip Girl. The series ended in 2012. Rutherford has also starred in a number of Lifetime movies. In 2016, Rutherford was cast in the ABC thriller Quantico playing the recurring role of Laura Wyatt. From 2018 to 2019, Rutherford played the recurring role of Melissa Daniels in the CW reboot series Dynasty.
Personal life
Rutherford married Venezuelan banker Carlos Tarajano in June 2001. Rutherford filed for divorce in January 2002, after six months of marriage. The wedding was featured shortly thereafter in the February 2002 issue of InStyle magazine.
Rutherford married her second husband, German businessman Daniel Giersch, in August 2006. She gave birth to their first child, son Hermés Gustaf Daniel Giersch, in October 2006.
While pregnant with their second child, Rutherford filed for divorce from Giersch on December 30, 2008. Rutherford and Giersch subsequently became involved in a child custody dispute over their son and their unborn child. Rutherford gave birth to their second child, daughter Helena, in June 2009.
In August 2009, Rutherford and Giersch reached a temporary settlement of joint physical custody, in effect until April 2010. Rutherford also obtained a temporary restraining order against him the following month.
Giersch's U.S. visa was revoked in April 2012, after Rutherford's lawyer informed the State Department about issues pertaining to Giersch's businesses, which led the department to conclude that they had sufficient evidence to deport him.
It has been reported that the allegations involved fraud or an involvement in drugs and weapons dealing in South America, considered terrorism under the PATRIOT Act. Giersch consequently was unable to enter the United States and took up residence in France and Monaco. In May 2012, Rutherford and Giersch's children went to France to spend the summer with their father. Rutherford asked the court to grant her sole custody so that she could keep the children primarily in the United States following their visit to France, as the existing joint custody agreement required her to travel frequently to enable Giersch to spend time with the children.
In August 2012, in a widely reported decision, a California Superior Court judge ruled that the 50/50 custody arrangement should remain and that, because Giersch is unable to travel to the United States, the children should live in France with him and attend school there, with Rutherford traveling there to visit them. Though Rutherford opposed the decision and requested a stay of proceedings while she appealed, her request was denied and it was ruled that, in two years, his eligibility to enter the United States and the consequent well-being of the children will be reassessed.
In June 2013, Rutherford filed for bankruptcy, stating she had debts of approximately $2 million, primarily due to the $1.5 million she spent on legal fees relating to the divorce and custody dispute with Giersch.
In May 2015, Rutherford was granted temporary sole custody of her children, following a ruling that both her son and daughter be brought back to the United States from Monaco, where they had been living with their father since 2012. On July 23, 2015, a California judge ruled that California did not have jurisdiction over Rutherford's child custody case because she resides in New York, and her former husband was again awarded custody.
Rutherford then filed a case in New York but on July 27, 2015, the New York court ruled it also did not have jurisdiction.
In December 2015, the Monaco courts reconfirmed that full custody remained with the children's father, with Rutherford granted extensive visitation rights in France and Monaco as well as shared input regarding "health, schooling, religious education, and any change of residence".
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
20th-century American actresses
21st-century American actresses
Actresses from Kentucky
American film actresses
American soap opera actresses
American television actresses
People from Elizabethtown, Kentucky
Freedom to Travel to Cuba Act is the name of three bills introduced into the United States Congress which would allow U.S. citizens to engage in unrestricted travel to Cuba for the first time since 1963.
The first bill, H.R. 5022, was introduced into the 107th Congress House of Representatives in June 2002 by Sen. Jeff Flake (R-Ariz) with 37 cosponsors. The second bill, H.R. 874 / S. 428, was introduced into the 111th Congress House of Representatives in February 2009 by Rep. William Delahunt (D-Mass) with 179 co-sponsors, including Rosa DeLauro (D-Conn), Sam Farr (D-Calif), and Ron Paul (R- Texas), and into the Senate by Sen. Byron Dorgan (D-N. Dakota) with 39 cosponsors. The third bill, H.R. 664 / S.299, was introduced into the 114th Congress House of Representatives in January 2015 by Sen. Jeff Flake (R-Ariz) with 50 co-sponsors, and into the Senate in February 2015 by Rep. Mark Sanford (R-S. Car) with 46 cosponsors.
The 2002 bill was referred to the House Foreign Affairs committee and not introduced for a vote. The 2009 bill was referred to the House Foreign Affairs and Senate Foreign Relations committees and not introduced for a vote. , the 2015 bill has been referred to the House Foreign Affairs and Senate Foreign Relations committees, and is awaiting decisions by the committee chairs as to whether the bills will move past the committee stage. President Obama's three-day visit to Cuba, in March, 2016, marked the first visit by a U.S. president since 1928. On the island, anti-government demonstrations in anticipation of President Obama's visit and of the new U.S. liberalization of travel were met with oppressive reprisals from the Castro regime.
Support
By the end of the 111th congress, the 2009 bills had 220 Congressional signatories in the House and Senate. Florida attorney Tony Martinez has voiced support of the bill noting that "U.S. foreign policy shouldn't be manipulated to serve a political agenda", while noting that "the majority of all Americans want the ending of the embargo and the lifting of travel restrictions."
In July 2010, Newsweek magazine reported that a poll conducted by Andy Gomez, associate provost at the University of Miami, found that 64 percent of Cuban-Americans in Miami now support a unilateral lifting of the travel ban. However, until human rights violations on the island and democratic principles are reinstated, that community's support for the continuation of the embargo has not been significantly fading. In lieu of some change in perceptions, former Democratic Senator Gary Hart criticized the continuing embargo, remarking "second generation Cuban-Americans are finally beginning to change their community's attitudes and make it clear they no longer are interested in holding the mighty U.S.'s foreign policy toward a tiny nearby country hostage to their parents' anger."
In June 2011, former Democratic presidential candidate George McGovern spoke out against the travel ban before visiting Cuba, remarking:
McGovern blamed "embittered Cuban exiles in Miami" for keeping the embargo alive all these years, because of their dislike for Fidel Castro.
Bob Whitley, president of the United States Tour Operators Association, has supported the measures, remarking "if Americans don't like the policies of the government of a country, they can choose not to go. But a lot of people want to see Cuba because they've been denied the right."
Opposition
For those who support the embargo and are opposed to the liberalization of travel, they state that democracy and human rights in Cuba. Significant opposition to the liberalization of U.S. travel restrictions exists both within the island of Cuba and the Cuban-American exile community.
Arguing against the future merits of normalization, José Azel, senior scholar at The Institute for Cuban and Cuban-American Studies, University of Miami and author of "Mañana In Cuba," has noted that while the percentage of foreign tourism is already twice as "American intensive" as China's, "neither country has engaged in political reforms." Furthermore, "In theory, at least, this means that the per-capita concentration of American tourists in Cuba is five times greater than that of Americans in China, and yet no democratic reforms are visible in either country." Mr. Azel thus asks: "What percentage of tourists must be American in order to validate the "American tourists will bring democracy" thesis?"
See also
United States embargo against Cuba
References
Proposed legislation of the 107th United States Congress
Proposed legislation of the 111th United States Congress
Proposed legislation of the 114th United States Congress
Cuba–United States relations
This is a list of electoral division results for the Australian 1996 federal election in the state of New South Wales.
Overall results
Results by division
Banks
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Banks § 1996
Barton
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Barton § 1996
Bennelong
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Bennelong § 1996
Berowra
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Berowra § 1996
Blaxland
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Blaxland § 1996
Bradfield
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Bradfield § 1996
Calare
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Calare § 1996
Charlton
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Charlton § 1996
Chifley
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Chifley § 1996
Cook
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Cook § 1996
Cowper
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Cowper § 1996
Cunningham
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Cunningham § 1996
Dobell
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Dobell § 1996
Eden-Monaro
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Eden-Monaro § 1996
Farrer
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Farrer § 1996
Fowler
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Fowler § 1996
Gilmore
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Gilmore § 1996
Grayndler
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Grayndler § 1996
Greenway
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Greenway § 1996
Gwydir
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Gwydir § 1996
Hughes
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Hughes § 1996
Hume
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Hume § 1996
Hunter
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Hunter § 1996
Kingsford Smith
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Kingsford Smith § 1996
Lindsay
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Lindsay § 1996
Lowe
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Lowe § 1996
Lyne
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Lyne § 1996
Macarthur
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Macarthur § 1996
Mackellar
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Mackellar § 1996
Macquarie
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Macquarie § 1996
Mitchell
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Mitchell § 1996
New England
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of New England § 1996
Newcastle
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Newcastle § 1996
North Sydney
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of North Sydney § 1996
Page
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Page § 1996
Parkes
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Parkes § 1996
Parramatta
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Parramatta § 1996
Paterson
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Paterson § 1996
Prospect
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Prospect § 1996
Reid
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Reid § 1996
Richmond
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Richmond § 1996
Riverina
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Riverina § 1996
Robertson
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Robertson § 1996
Shortland
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Shortland § 1996
Sydney
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Sydney § 1996
Throsby
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Throwsby § 1996
Warringah
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Warringah § 1996
Watson
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Watson § 1996
Wentworth
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Wentworth § 1996
Werriwa
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Werriwa § 1996
See also
Members of the Australian House of Representatives, 1996–1998
References
New South Wales 1996
Hiletaksar is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1938 people living in 365 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Lamjung District
Populated places in Lamjung District
Iskuqucha (Quechua isku lime, qucha lake, "lime lake", Hispanicized spelling Izcucocha) is an archaeological site in Peru. It is located in the Junín Region, Yauli Province, La Oroya District. The site was declared a National Cultural Heritage by Resolución Viceministerial No. 0099-2010-VMPCIC-MC on November 11, 2010.
References
Archaeological sites in Peru
Archaeological sites in Junín Region
Alexis Apostolopoulos (, born 7 November 1991) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a right-back for Super League 2 club PAOK B.
Career
Alexis Apostolopoulos made his debut in Football League 2 with Zakynthos in September 2010.
Child of the infrastructure division of PAOK Alexis Apostolopoulos football grew in Toumpa, where he made his first football steps rising from all parts of the Academies.
Transferred on loan from PAOK 2011–12. Initially the group of Zakynthos and then in Anagennisi Giannitsa to return to the team in the summer of 2011, and under the guidance of László Bölöni to make his first appearances with the jersey of PAOK.
His debut came in Dublin on 3 November 2011 in the last minutes of the match Shamrock Rovers - PAOK 1-3 for groups of 2010–11 UEFA Europa League, while in the Super League, the first participation and even as a key came in an away win against Panathinaikos - PAOK 0-2 at the Athens Olympic Stadium in Athens, on 4 March 2012.
With the Greece national under-19 football team, he had six appearances, making his debut on 6 October 2009 against the Faroe Islands, and had appearances with the Greece national under-21 football team.
The 2013–2014 season for Apostolopoulos started with a long loan to Veria because he was not in Huub Stevens plans. On 24 July 2017, Apostolopoulos signed with PAS Giannina.
Club statistics
National statistics
Statistics accurate as of 20 July 2013
Honours
PAS Giannina
Super League Greece 2: 2019–20
References
Living people
1991 births
Greek footballers
Greece youth international footballers
Greece under-21 international footballers
Super League Greece players
PAOK FC players
Veria F.C. players
Platanias F.C. players
PAS Giannina F.C. players
Association football fullbacks
People from Gargalianoi
Footballers from the Peloponnese
PAOK FC B players
Western American English (also known as Western U.S. English) is a variety of American English that largely unites the entire Western United States as a single dialect region, including the states of California, Nevada, Arizona, Utah, New Mexico, Colorado, and Wyoming. It also generally encompasses Washington, Oregon, Idaho, and Montana, some of whose speakers are classified additionally under Pacific Northwest English.
The West was the last area in the United States to be reached during the gradual westward expansion of English-speaking settlement, and its history shows considerable mixing and leveling of the linguistic patterns of other regions. Therefore, since the settlement populations are relatively young when compared with other regions, the American West continues to be a dialect region in formation. According to the 2006 Atlas of North American English, as a very broad generalization, Western U.S. accents are differentiated from Southern U.S. accents in maintaining as a diphthong, from Northern U.S. accents by fronting (the vowel), and from both by most consistently showing the cot–caught merger. The standard Canadian accent also aligns to this definition, though it typically includes certain additional vowel differences.
Phonology and phonetics
The Western regional accent of American English is somewhat variable and not necessarily distinct from "General American" or from the speech of younger or educated Americans nationwide. Western American English is defined primarily by two phonological features: the cot-caught merger (as distinct from most traditional Northern and Southern U.S. English) and the fronting of the () vowel but not the () vowel. This fronting is distinct from most Southern and Mid-Atlantic American English, in which both of those vowels are fronted, and from most Northern U.S. English, in which both of these remain backed.
Like most Canadian dialects and younger General American, () allophones remain back and may be either rounded or unrounded due to a merger between and (), commonly represented as words like cot and caught, or pod and pawed, becoming perfect homophones. Linguists believe this may be the cause of, or at least related to, more and more Western speakers in general lowering or retracting the vowel and the vowel in a chain shift most intensely associated with California and led by young women. This shift, too, is documented in mainland Canadian English: the Canadian Shift. Unlike in Canada, however, the raising before voiceless consonants of does not exist in Western American English and of is not as consistent and pronounced. As in General American, the West is entirely rhotic and the Mary–marry–merry merger is complete, so that words like Mary, marry, and merry are all pronounced identically because of the merger of all three of those vowels' sounds when before r.
Although common nationwide, T-glottalization is even more common in Western dialects, particularly among younger speakers. The use of a full (orally released) rather than syllabic pronunciation of in the sequence , in words like "kitten" or "mountain", is a minor but noted variant reported in the West, for example among some Californians and younger, female Utah speakers; thus, kitten as in addition to more General American ; however, this feature has also been reported elsewhere in the country, like New Jersey. Men and teenage girls from Utah are also slightly more likely than average to elide the altogether in these words, and Utahns as a whole are slightly less likely to glottalize the in general.
A trend evident particularly in some speakers from the Salt Lake City, Utah, and Flagstaff, Arizona, areas, as well as in some Californian and New Mexican English, is the completion of, or transition towards, a full–fool merger. This may be related to scatterings of Western speakers, such as some Utah speakers, generally producing lax pronunciations of the tense front vowels before , such as pronouncing "sale" as "sell" or "milk" as "melk" . Southern twang-like monophthongization of has been sporadically reported in the Southwest, for example in some speakers before in southern Arizona and Utah. A significant minority of Western speakers have the pin–pen merger or a closeness to the merger, especially around Bakersfield, California, though it is a sound typically associated with Southern American English, which influenced Bakersfield settlers. Another recognizable though nonstandard trait particularly in California and the Pacific Northwest, is raising the "short i" sound to a "long ee" sound before ng so that their pronunciation of -ing with G-dropping, , rhymes with bean or the traditional British pronunciation of been.
Vocabulary
baby buggy: baby carriage (more common east of the Mississippi River, mixed in the region between the Mississippi and Appalachian Mountains, rare east of the Appalachians)
bear claw: a large stuffy pastry
buckaroo: cowboy
Originating in California, buckaroo is an Anglicization of the Mexican Spanish translation of cowboy vaquero; the corresponding term which originated in Texas is "wrangler" or "horse wrangler", itself an Anglicization of the Mexican caballerango.
chippie: a woman of loose morals
coke predominates in eastern New Mexico; pop in the Northwest and Northern Mountain States; and soda in California and Arizona: sweet carbonated soft drink
firefly: any insect of the Lampyridae family, now widespread nationwide
frontage road: a service or access road
gunnysack: burlap bag (the latter more common east of the Mississippi)
hella: very (adverb), much, or many (adjective); originated in the San Francisco Bay Area and now used throughout Northern California
mud hen: the American coot
shivaree: a belling or serenade
Shivaree is the more common usage east of the Mississippi and in Kentucky and Tennessee; "belling" is the more common usage in Ohio, while "serenade" is the more common usage in Atlantic states—except New York and Connecticut—and the Appalachians)
Sub-varieties
Several sub-types of the Western dialect appear to be currently in formation, and the West, being an area of especially recent English-speaking settlement, shows relatively low homogeneity and internal consistency. Additionally, most Mexican-American English is spoken within, and arguably falls under the regional dialect of, the Western United States.
Alaska
Currently, there is not enough data on the English of Alaska to either include it within Western American English or assign it its own "separate status". Of two documented speakers in Anchorage, their cot-caught merger is completed or transitional, is not fronted, is centralized, the placement of is inconsistent, and ag approaches the sound of egg. Not far from Anchorage, in Alaska's Matanuska-Susitna Valley, is a distinctly Minnesota-like accent due to immigration of Minnesotans to the valley in the 1930s.
California
A noticeable California Vowel Shift has been observed in the English of some California speakers scattered throughout the state, though especially younger and coastal speakers. This shift involves two elements, including that the vowel in words like toe, rose, and go (though remaining back vowels elsewhere in the Western dialect), and the vowel in words like spoon, move, and rude are both pronounced farther forward in the mouth than most other English dialects; at the same time, a lowering chain movement of the front vowels is occurring (identical to the Canadian Vowel Shift), so that, to listeners of other English dialects, sit may approach the sound of set, set may approach sat, and sat may approach sot. This front-vowel lowering is also reported around Portland, Oregon, the hub of a unique Northwestern variety of American English that demonstrates other similarities with Canadian English.
Hawaii
Studies demonstrate that gender, age, and ability to speak Hawaiian Creole (a language locally called "Pidgin" and spoken by about two-fifths of Hawaii residents) correlate with the recent emergence of different Hawaiian English accents. In a 2013 study of twenty Oʻahu-raised native English speakers, non-Pidgin speakers and males were shown to lower and ; younger speakers of the first group also lowered , and younger participants in general backed . Though this movement of these vowels is superficially similar to the California Vowel Shift, it is not believed to be due to a chain shift, though Hawaii residents do have a cot–caught merger, at least among younger speakers. Unlike most Americans, Hawaii residents may not demonstrate any form of /æ/ tensing (even before nasal consonants, as with most Western Americans).
New Mexico
In New Mexico, the state with the largest Hispanic population by percentage and no Anglo majority population, studies have distinguished the English of English-Spanish bilinguals versus (Anglo) English monolinguals. Research showed the former more likely to participate in monophthongization of and a recently developing Hispanic English vowel shift.
However, this same shift failed to appear in a later study, in which Anglo New Mexicans (and particularly young women) were the ones more likely to engage in an innovative California-like vowel shift. Many New Mexicans, both Anglo-American and Hispanic, pronounce the cluster in the word new. That is, they don't show yod-dropping after , unlike most Americans.
Aside from noting a possible full–fool merger regardless of ethnicity, New Mexican English research has tended to focus on vocabulary: particularly loanwords from New Mexican Spanish.
The word acequia is used for a ditch; canales for rain and street gutters; corazón for sweetheart, darling, courage, or spirit; nana for one's grandmother (more widely than elsewhere in the U.S.); and vigas for rafters.
The New Mexican chile pepper has had such a large cultural impact that it has even been entered into the Congressional Record spelled as chile, not chili.
Pacific Northwest
The states of Oregon and Washington show a mixture of features that vary widely among the local speakers themselves. Overall, these features are strongly similar to both Californian and Canadian English. Studies are therefore inconclusive about whether this region constitutes a distinct dialect or not.
Utah
The English of Utah shows great variation, though little overall consistency, making it difficult to classify as either a sub-dialect of Western American English or a separate dialect of its own. Members of the LDS Church may use the propredicate "do" or "done", as in the sentence "I would have done", unlike other Americans, suggesting a more recent British influence within the Church. One prominent older, declining feature of Utah English is the cord-card merger without a horse-hoarse merger, particularly along the Wasatch Front, which merges (as in far) and (as in for), while keeping distinct (as in four). Utahns may use slightly distinct vowel placement and vowel space area during articulation, particularly with young, female speakers documented as pronouncing as higher than —the opposite of a typical modern Western accent. Throughout the Mormon corridor beyond Utah, practicing Mormons tend to lag behind regional dialect changes while maintaining characteristic Utah features.
See also
Hawaiʻi Creole English popularly known as Pidgin
American Indian English or Native American English
Chinook Jargon a local creole language once much more widely spoken
Boontling a local English-based cant spoken in Boonville, California
References
External links
California Vowels
Dr. Eckert's Interview About Northern California Speech
American English
Western United States
Deh Now-ye Khaleseh (, also Romanized as Deh Now-ye Khāleşeh, Deh Now-e Khāleşeh, and Deh Now Khāleşeh; also known as Deh-i-Nau, Deh Nau, Deh Now, and Deh Now-ye Kenār Gūsheh) is a village in Mazul Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,519, in 657 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
All Hail Bright Futures is the third album from Northern Irish band And So I Watch You From Afar, released on 15 March 2013. It was produced and mixed by Rocky O'Reilly.
Record label Sargent House uploaded a track from the album entitled "Like a Mouse" on 7 December 2012.
And So I Watch You From Afar revealed the track listings on its Bandcamp page on 17 December 2012.
Track listing
All songs are written and composed by And So I Watch You From Afar.
Digital bonus tracks
Personnel
Rory Friers – guitar
Niall Kennedy – guitar
Jonathan Adger – bass guitar
Chris Wee – drums, percussion
Rocky O'Reilly– production, mixing
Lee McMahon – engineering
Robin Schmidt – mastering
References
2013 albums
And So I Watch You from Afar albums
Throw Your Spades Up! is the debut live DVD the Hip-Hop Duo Kingspade that was released on February 19, 2008. The DVD includes the explosive show recorded at the legendary Key Club in West Hollywood on November 3, 2007. The DVD includes the live performance, interviews with the group, and all three Kingspade music videos. "The Deal", "Down 4 Da Krown", "Lifestyles" and "P-Town" are actually songs that were on previous Kottonmouth Kings albums, but being that Daddy X was included only on "Down 4 Da Krown" and "P-Town" Kingspade performed simply cutting out his verses.
DVD features
Spaded, Jaded and Faded
This Dat Beat
Who's Down
We Ridin
Drunk In Da Club
Who Run This
Neighborhood Trends
The Deal
Lifestyles
Down 4 Da Kro
That's How It Goes
High Ridaz
Same Ol' Bitches
Life
Bonus Features
Interview with D-Loc
Interview with Johnny Richter
Music video for "Who Run This"
Music video for "Drunk In The Club"
Music video for "Who's Down"
Hidden Interview "D-Loc interviews one of the hash judges from the 2006 Cannabis Cup...sorta
To access the hidden interview go to the main menu and highlight "Play Show". Hit the left button on the directional pad once (the selector should disappear) and hit select.
Personnel
Kingspade: D-Loc and Johnny Richter
Executive Producers: Brad Xavier & Kevin Zinger
Produced by: Devin Dehaven
Production Services by: FortressDVD
DVD Packaging Design and Layout: Casey Quintal
Illustration by: Droopy
DVD Authoring & Bonus Content: Max Stout
Recorded Live and Mixed by: Patrick "P-nice" Shevelin
Live video albums
2008 video albums
Kingspade albums
2008 live albums
Suburban Noize Records live albums
Suburban Noize Records video albums
Nivôse was one of 16 s built for the French Navy during the 1910s.
Citations
Bibliography
Brumaire-class submarines
World War I submarines of France
1912 ships
Mauern is a municipality in the district of Freising in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Freising (district)
1907 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the fourth waterpolo championship in Hungary. There was only one participant, who thus won the champion without any match.
At the end of the year Magyar Úszó Egylet was established and from this time this Union was responsible for organising the championships.
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
1907 in water polo
1907 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
Sennensky Uyezd (Сенненский уезд) was one of the subdivisions of the Mogilev Governorate of the Russian Empire. It was situated in the northwestern part of the governorate with its administrative centre in Syanno.
Demographics
At the time of the Russian Empire Census of 1897, Sennensky Uyezd had a population of 161,652. Of these, 85.6% spoke Belarusian, 7.8% Yiddish, 3.4% Russian, 2.4% Polish, 0.5% Lithuanian, 0.2% Latvian and 0.1% German as their native language.
References
Uezds of Mogilev Governorate
Mogilev Governorate
The section principal in an orchestra, as well as any large musical ensemble, is the lead player for each respective section of instruments. For example, there are multiple sections in an orchestra. The strings, woodwinds, brass, and percussion sections all have subsections. The first violins, second violins, violas, cellos, double basses, flutes, clarinets, oboes, bassoons, trumpets, trombones, French horns, tubas, and percussion are all subsections, each led by a principal player. The principal for each section is normally the most skilled and valuable player, selected through an audition process.
The section principal demonstrates leadership not only through a high standard of playing, but also through verbal communication and body language. The role of section principal requires one to play at a high level, and to be a team leader with competent people skills. Principals often serve the function of verbally communicating directions from the conductor to the rest of their section. Additionally, they are in charge of deciding bowings.
During rehearsals, principals often are expected to contribute musically and technically to the music-making process by making appropriate suggestions to the tutti players. Section players look to the principal to obtain entrance cues, and orient their playing to their leader's style, dynamics, articulation, and phrasing, among other things.
In addition to leading the section, principal players are responsible for playing any solos written for that voice in a given musical score. The principal first violin is called the concertmaster (or "leader" in the UK) and is considered the leader of not only the string section, but of the entire orchestra, subordinate only to the conductor.
References
Musical terminology
The O.S.C.A. MT-4, also spelled the OSCA MT-4, or the Osca MT-4, is an Italian sports car prototype, designed, developed, and made by Officine Specializzata Costruzioni Automobili, between 1948 and 1956, but was raced and used in active competition until 1966. Between 1948 and 1966, it managed to rack up an incredible win tally of 92 wins, 109 class wins, 9 pole positions, and managed to clinch 194 podiums; an amazing record indeed.
History and development
The Osca MT4 is a vehicle concept that is unusual in motorsport history. Due to the variety of engines used with different displacement sizes and a large number of chassis built, the vehicle had a long service life as an emergency vehicle. This resulted in a remarkable success story for the racing car model.
In 1937, five years after Alfieri's death, Ettore and Ernesto Maserati were forced to sell Maserati after financial turmoil. However, the contract with the new Maserati owner Adolfo Orsi included a further ten-year bond between the brothers and their former company. In 1947, Officine Specializzata Costruzioni Automobili Fratelli Maserati was founded and the first vehicle type, the MT4, was built. In its original form, the chassis and engine were based on the Maserati Tipo 4CL, first built in 1939. The 4CL was actually a single-seater racing car, which in the early 1950s was still in its infant formula 1 World Championship was driven. A chassis, 1565, was streamlined, used in record runs, and driven by Luigi Villoresi in the 1939 Gran Premio di Tripoli.
Development of the MT4 began in 1948 using plans and parts from the 4CL. In all, OSCA built 77 chassis between 1949 and 1956. All engines fitted to the MT4 were aluminum block and in-line 4 cylinders. The bore and stroke have changed over the years. The displacement of the engines increased from 1090 cm³, over 1290 cm³, 1340 cm³, 1450 cm³, 1490 cm³ up to 1492 cm³. The four-speed quick-shift gearbox was also an in-house design.
O.S.C.A.'s first automobile was the MT4, for Maserati Tipo 4 cilindri. The 1,092 cc engine, which produced ( at 6,000 rpm, had a in-house designed block, alloy head, and the bodywork was built as a two-seater barchetta. The MT4 first raced in 1948 at the Pescara Circuit and the Grand Prix of Naples, where it was driven to a win by Luigi Villoresi. The engine was modified to 1,342 cc capacity (with at 5,500 rpm) in 1949.
OSCA only supplied the chassis, the bodies were manufactured by Italian bodywork companies. That is why there were sometimes major differences in the exterior shape, which were mainly due to special customer requests. Therefore, none of the carriages that have been preserved is exactly the same as the other. The MT4 was a sales success and this is one of the main reasons why it was built for so long.
In 1950, a new DOHC (MT4-2AD) raised power to a maximum of at 6,300 rpm, and in 1953 the engine was enlarged to 1,453 cc, producing at 6,200 rpm. The all new tipo 372 DS twin spark engine with 1,491 cc, which produced at 6,300 rpm, was later used in the O.S.C.A. MT4 TN (for Tipo Nuovo, "new model") of 1955. With this new engine, the car received the new name FS 372, of which five were built. One of these belongs to Sir Stirling Moss, who raced it in historic races across the globe until his retirement in 2011. Versions of this engine went on to be used in coupé and convertible models of regular Fiats from 1959 to 1966.
These automobiles were mainly barchettas, but a few were built as berlinetta bodies by Pietro Frua and Vignale. A Vignale bodied MT4 Berlinetta won in the 1,100 cc class at the 1953 24 Hours of Le Mans.
The 1954 12 Hours of Sebring was won by drivers Stirling Moss and Bill Lloyd in an O.S.C.A. MT4 as part of the Briggs Cunningham Team. In the April 6, 1992 issue of AutoWeek, Cunningham stated that, of all the automobiles he built, owned, and raced, O.S.C.A. was his favorite racecar.
Racing history
The starts and racing successes of the MT4 are extensive and go beyond the usual framework of sports car models: 449 entries, 939 race starts, 81 overall, and 98 class victories.
The first use of an MT4 was in 1948 in a sports car race in Pescara. Driving chassis 1101 was Franco Cornacchia, who failed to finish the race. Victory in this event went to Giovanni Bracco and Alberto Ascari, who piloted a factory Maserati A6GCS to overall victory. The first finish was almost half a year later at the Targa Florio 1949, where Cornacchia finished 15th overall. The first successes followed in the same year. Giulio Cabianca won a sports car in Ferrara and three weeks later a race in Tigullio. The Giro delle Calabria won Dorino Serafini and Alberico Cacciari before Luigi Fagioli, who also drove an MT4.
From 1950 onwards, the MT4 established itself as a fast racing car that was not prone to defects and was hard to beat in the racing classes with displacements of less than 2 liters. At the Mille Miglia in 1951, Luigi Fagioli won the class for sports cars with displacements of up to 1.1 liters. In the overall standings, he finished eighth, just under an hour behind the winner Villoresi in the Ferrari 340 America Berlinetta Vignale. Cabianca repeated the class win in 1952. In the same year, the model was driven for the first time in the 24 Hours of Le Mans. Mario Damonte and a French racing driver using the pseudonym Martial drove one by Vignalebodied 1.3-liter MT4. Failure after 19 hours of driving due to clutch damage.
With the start of the sports car world championship in 1953, MT4s were of course also used there. After countless successes at national races in Europe and the United States, 1954 saw the greatest international success for an MT4. At the 12 Hours of Sebring, Stirling Moss and Bill Lloyd won the general classification for Briggs Cunningham's team. To date, it is the only overall victory for a sports car with a displacement of fewer than 1.5 liters in this long-distance race.
The light and maneuverable racing cars were often on a par with the high-capacity cars, especially on narrow and winding courses. This was evident, for example, at the 1956 Mille Miglia, where Cabianca and Umberto Maglioli fought for the lead in the early stages of the race with the Ferrari and Maserati works drivers. Gianfranco Stanga celebrated the last race victory with an MT4 at the Campagnana Vallelunga in 1961. The last known use outside of historical races was in 1966 in the sports car world championship. Giuseppe Rossi was at the Mugello 500 km race, finishing 38th overall and winning the racing class for prototypes with a displacement of up to 2 liters.
References
1940s cars
1950s cars
Sports cars
Cars of Italy
24 Hours of Le Mans race cars
Sports prototypes
This is a list of countries by alcohol consumption measured in equivalent litres of pure alcohol (ethanol) consumed per capita per year.
World Health Organization (WHO) data
The World Health Organization periodically publishes The Global Status Report on Alcohol:
1999 was first published by WHO in 1999 with data from 1996.
2004 is the second global status report on alcohol published in 2004 with data from 2003.
2011 is the third global report on alcohol published in 2011 with data from 2010.
2014 is the fourth global report on alcohol published in 2014 data from 2010.
2018 is the fifth global report on alcohol published in 2018 with data from 2016.
Worldwide
Percentage of current drinkers among the total population (15+ years)
Countries
Comprehensive list with data from 2016
The table below for 189 countries uses 2016 data from the WHO report published in 2018. The methodology used by the WHO calculated use by persons 15 years of age or older. All data in columns refer to year 2016. The column "recorded" refers to the average recorded consumption for the period 2010. Unrecorded consumption (homebrew, moonshine, smuggled alcohol, surrogate alcohol etc.) was calculated using expert judgements and surveys. Total is the sum of the recorded and unrecorded consumption. The next four columns are a breakdown of the recorded alcohol consumption by type. Beer refers to malt beer, wine refers to grape wine, spirits refers to all distilled beverages such as vodka and similar products, and the column "other" refers to all other alcoholic beverages, such as rice wine, soju, sake, mead, kumis, cider, kvass, and African beers (kumi kumi, kwete, banana beer, millet beer, umqombothi etc.). Worldwide consumption in 2016 was equal to 6.4 litres of pure alcohol consumed per person aged 15 years or older.
See also
List of countries by tea consumption per capita
List of countries by beer consumption per capita
List of national drinks
References
Alcohol by country
Consumption
Alcohol
KEYB (107.9 FM, "108 Key FM") is a radio station licensed to Altus, Oklahoma, United States. The station is currently owned by Monte Spearman and Gentry Todd Spearman, through licensee High Plains Radio Network, LLC.
KEYB has television advertising available with local cable insertion, and complete digital production services offered. Operations Manager is Tracie Tobitt and Sales/Promotions Manager is Trudy Calvillo. Reach by phone at (580) 482-1555. Bryson Culwell is the former Program Director, during his time at KEYB he was the youngest at the position in the State of Oklahoma
References
External links
EYB
Radio stations established in 1991
1991 establishments in Oklahoma
Events
January 1 – Julius Friedländer buys the Leipzig music publishing house, CF Peters.
February 9 – The second "Querelle des Bouffons" is sparked when Hector Berlioz criticizes Richard Wagner's music in the Journal des débats. Wagner responds on February 15.
February 10 – The Serenade No. 2 in A, Op. 16 by Johannes Brahms is given its first public performance in Hamburg.
March 3 – The Serenade No. 1 in D, Op. 11 by Johannes Brahms is given its first public performance in Hanover.
April 9 – Édouard-Léon Scott de Martinville records himself singing "Au Clair de la Lune" – the first known recording of the human voice.
May 4 – Charles Bacon's bronze statue of the late Felix Mendelssohn is unveiled at Crystal Palace in London.
September 14 – Franz Liszt makes a will.
October 22 – The city of Weimar pays tribute to Franz Liszt with a torchlight procession and honorary citizenship.
The first Viennese operetta, Das Pensionat by Franz von Suppé, is premièred at the Theater an der Vienna.
Richard Wagner essay on "Music of the Future" is first published, in French translation.
First official National Eisteddfod of Wales is held at Denbigh.
Published popular music
"Dixie" by Dan Emmett
"Down Among the Cane-Brakes" by Stephen Foster
"Kalinka" by Ivan Larionov
"Lincoln and Liberty" words by Jesse Hutchinson, Jr.
"Mary Of Argyle" words by Charles Jefferys, music by Sidney Nelson
"Old Black Joe" by Stephen Foster
"Virginia Belle" by Stephen Foster
"When the Corn Is Waving, Annie Dear" by Charles Blamphin
"I'll Twine 'Mid the Ringlets" words by Maud Irving, music by Joseph Philbrick Webster
Classical music
Johannes Brahms
Vier Gesänge, for women's chorus, two horns and harp, Op. 17
String Sextet No. 1 in B-flat major, Op. 18
Karl Davydov – Fantasie über russische Lieder, Op.7
Eduard Franck
Piano Trio No.2 in E♭ major, Op.22
Violin Sonata No.2, Op.23
Joseph Mikel – Les lanciers aux bains de mer
Louis Moreau Gottschalk – Jeunesse, Op.70
Franz Liszt – First of the Mephisto Waltzes
John Knowles Paine – Concert Variations on the Austrian Hymn in F for Organ (Op.3, No.1)
Anton Rubinstein – Soirées à Saint-Pétersbourg
Camille Saint-Saëns
Symphony No.2, Op.55
Ave Maria
Opera
Gaetano Donizetti – Rita, ou Le mari battu (Posthumously discovered, premiered, and published)
Flor van Duyse – Teniers te Grimbergen (libretto by Prudens van Duyse, premiered at Ghent)
Charles Gounod – La colombe, premiered August 3 in Baden-Baden
Stanislaw Moniuszko – Hrabina
Jacques Offenbach
Barkouf
Le carnaval des revues
Musical theater
Orphée Aux Enfers, Vienna production
Births
January 7 – Emanuil Manolov, Bulgarian composer (d. 1902)
January 24 – Philippe Bellenot, composer (died 1928)
March 13 – Hugo Wolf, composer (d. 1903)
May 5 – Pietro Floridia, composer (d. 1932)
May 17 – August Stradal, pianist (died 1930)
May 29 – Isaac Albéniz, pianist and composer (d. 1909)
June 25 – Gustave Charpentier, composer (d. 1956)
July 7
Florence Farr, actress and composer (d. 1917)
Gustav Mahler, conductor and composer (d. 1911)
September 1 – Cleofonte Campanini, conductor (d. 1919)
September 18 – Alberto Franchetti, opera composer (d. 1942)
November 18 – Ignacy Jan Paderewski, pianist (d. 1941)
November 27 – Victor Ewald, composer (d. 1935)
December 4 – Lillian Russell, US singer and actress (d. 1922)
December 18 – Edward MacDowell, pianist and composer (d. 1908)
December 20 – Dan Leno, English music hall comedian, dancer and singer (d. 1904)
December 24 – Julius Korngold, music critic (died 1945)
December 28 – Harry B. Smith, US songwriter (d. 1936)
December 30 – Thomas Bulch, brass-band composer (d. 1930)
Deaths
January 26 – Wilhelmine Schröder-Devrient, opera singer (b. 1804)
February 24 – James Barr, composer (born 1779)
March 6 – Justus Johann Friedrich Dotzauer, French cellist and composer (b. 1783)
March 14 – Louis Antoine Jullien, conductor and composer (b. 1812)
May 21 – Johannes Frederik Fröhlich, violinist, conductor and composer (b. 1806)
June 21 – Mykola Markevych, musician, composer and poet (b. 1804)
10 August – Sara Augusta Malmborg, singer, pianist and painter (b. 1810)
August 26 – Friedrich Silcher, composer (b. 1789)
September 25 – Carl Friedrich Zöllner, composer and choirmaster (b. 1800)
November 27 – Ludwig Rellstab, critic (b. 1799)
date unknown
James Barr, composer (b. 1779)
Veena Kuppayyar, composer of Carnatic music (b. 1798)
References
19th century in music
Music by year
The Secretary of Guam was the equivalent of the Lieutenant Governor of Guam when the Governorship was still appointed by the President of the United States. The office became the Lieutenant Governor of Guam when island residents began electing the position, along with the Governor, rather than having them appointed.
Duties
Public Law 90-497 illustrated most of the Secretary of Guam's duties and powers. The Guam Organic Act of 1950 established that the Secretary of Guam would be "a lesser official . . . who would perform the functions of Lieutenant Governor as well as other administrative duties." The Elective Governor Act of 1968 replaced the office with that of an official, elected Lieutenant Governor, which went into effect one year later.
Public law 9-69, passed on July 7, 1967, mandated that all administrative regulations must be filed with the Secretary of Guam for compilation and publishing. These rules did not become effective until such filing. These duties were transferred to the Legislature of Guam by P.L. 12-41 on September 17, 1973.
List of Secretaries of Guam
In total, there were seven Secretaries of Guam, three of which, William Corbett, Marcellus Boss, and Manuel Flores Leon Guerrero, went on to become Governors of Guam. Kurt Moylan also served as the first elected Lieutenant Governor of Guam.
Randall Herman (1950 – 1953)
William Corbett (1953 – 1956)
Marcellus Boss (1956 – 1959)
A. M. Edwards (1960 – 1961)
Manuel Flores Leon Guerrero (1961 – 1963)
Denver Dickerson (1963 – 1969)
Kurt Moylan (1969 - January 1, 1971 termination of position)
Assistant Secretary of Guam
Richard Barrett Lowe originated the position of Assistant Secretary of Guam early in his term, naming Manuel Flores Leon Guerrero to the position.
References
Additional sources
Secretary
Secretaries of Guam
State secretaries of state of the United States
Aktepe Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Ankara, Turkey. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home of Keçiörengücü. The stadium holds 5,000 people and was built in 1999.
Notes
Football venues in Turkey
Sports venues in Ankara
Sports venues completed in 1999
Osmanlıspor
1999 establishments in Turkey
Ankara Keçiörengücü SK
Manjarabad fort is a star fort built in 1792 by Tipu Sultan the then Sarvadhakari/ruling on behalf of Mysore King of Mysore following French star-shaped fort designs made popular by Sébastien Le Prestre de Vauban that deflect cannon fire and allow guns to cover all approaches without dead positions. It is in the Hassan district in the Indian state of Karnataka.
Location
The fort is located away from the Sakaleshpura town to its south west, which is on the right bank of the Hemavati River, from Hassan on the National Highway 75 that runs from Bangalore to Mangalore. manjarabad is the headquarters of sakleshpura taluk and is a municipality.
Since the fort is located on a hill at an elevation of , it gives a clear and commanding view of the surroundings. On a clear day, even Arabian sea can also be seen from the fort.
History
Tipu Sultan built the fort in 1792 at a time when he was establishing his sovereignty over Mysore, fighting against other South Indian dynasties. At this time even the Marathas and the Nizam of Hyderabad had aligned with the British. The Sultan wanted to make the highway between Mangalore and Coorg secure for his expansion programmes. Because he was allied with the French at that time against the British, he sought the help of French engineers to build a star fort of the European style.
The completed fort was inspected by Tipu Sultan who then found it enveloped in fog and hence named it as Manjarabad fort; the name Manjara is a version of 'manju' meaning "fog or mist" in Kannada.
The fort was built in only one day (24 hrs) by his soldiers.
Features
The fort, as built and existing, is an eight-pointed star. The external walls of the fort have been built with granite stones and lime mortar while the interior buildings, which accommodate army barracks, armoury, stores and others, have been built with fired bricks. Apart from these, two cellars were built next to a deep well which were underground structures used to store gunpowder, and these rooms remained cool even during summer months. The fort has sloping walls. It is said that the fort is "the most complete Vaubanesque star-shaped fort in India".
Tourism is not well developed in the area. The Tourism Department of Karnataka, pressed by demands from local people of Sakaleshpura, have plans to create basic amenities around the fort and also develop a park.
References
Bibliography
External links
Forts in Karnataka
Buildings and structures in Hassan district
Military installations established in 1792
1792 establishments in India
Tourist attractions in Hassan district
Yi Gu (이구; 6 January 1420 – 21 January 1469), formally known as Grand Prince Imyeong (임영대군), was an imperial prince of the Joseon Dynasty.He was the fourth son of King Sejong. His brother were King Munjong of Joseon and King Sejo of Joseon.
Life
He was born as the son of King Sejong the great and his wife, Queen Soheon.Like his second older brother, Prince Suyang , he was proficient in martial arts, but he also created a scandal due to having sexual intercourse with court ladies and maids of the palace. During the Gyeyujeong Rebellion, when Prince Suyang fought for the throne with his nephew, Yi Gu supported and helped Prince Suyang.Prince Imyeong greatly assisted Prince Suyang and contributed to the enthronement of Daegun Suyang as King Sejo.
From an early age, he was proud and kept a filial attitude to his parents and brothers. When he was a child, he was praised for being sincere .His father, King Sejong was very fond of him.
He married Royal Princess Consort Nam but his family life was unhappy. Lady Nam, after a month of marriage, divorced from her husband.
At age of 20, he became the Yeonguijeong.
He was buried in Gyeonggi-do Uiwang-si.
Family
Parents
Father: Sejong the Great of Joseon (세종대왕, 15 May 1397 – 8 April 1450)
Mother: Queen Soheon of the Cheongsong Sim clan (12 October 1395 – 19 April 1446) (소헌왕후 심씨)
Sister: Princess Jeongso (1412 – 1424) (정소공주)
Brother: Yi Hyang, King Munjong (15 November 1414 – 1 June 1452) (왕세자 향)
Sister: Princess Jeongui (1415 – 11 February 1477) (정의공주), second daughter
Brother: Yi Yu, King Sejo (2 November 1417 – 23 September 1468) (이유 수양대군)
Brother: Yi Yong, Grand Prince Anpyeong (18 October 1418 – 18 November 1453) (이용 안평대군)
Brother: Yi Yeo, Grand Prince Gwangpyeong (2 May 1425 – 7 December 1444) (이여 광평대군)
Brother: Yi Yu, Grand Prince Geumseong (5 May 1426 – 7 November 1457) (이유 금성대군)
Brother: Yi Im, Grand Prince Pyeongwon (18 November 1427 – 16 January 1445) (이임 평원대군)
Brother: Yi Yeom, Grand Prince Yeongeung (23 May 1434 – 2 February 1467) (이염 영응대군)
Consort and issues:
Royal Princess Consort Nam, of the Uiryeong Nam clan (군부인 의령 남씨), daughter of Nam Ji (남지 )
Grand Princess Consort Jean, of the Jeonju Choi clan (제안부부인 전주최씨)
Son: Prince Osan (오산군)
Son: Prince Gwiseong (귀성군) (20 January 1441 – 28 January 1479)
Son: Prince Jeongyang (정양군)
Son: Prince Palgye (팔계군 )
Son: Prince Hwanseong (환성군)
Daughter: Princess Jungmo (중모현주)
Daughter: Princess Cheongha (청하현주)
Grand Princess Consort Ahn, of the Andong Ahn clan (부부인 안동 안씨)
Son: Prince Yeongyang (영양군함)
Son: Dangye Bujeong (단계부정)
Son: Prince Yunsan (윤산군)
Son: Prince Okcheon (옥천군)
Daughter: Princesa Yi of the Jeonju Yi clan (전주이씨)
Daughter: Princesa Yi of the Jeonju Yi clan (전주이씨)
Daughter: Princesa Yi of the Jeonju Yi clan (전주이씨)
Daughter: Princesa Yi of the Jeonju Yi clan (전주이씨)
Lady Geumgangmae (첩 금강매)
See also
Styles and titles in the Joseon dynasty
Gungnyeo
References
1420 births
1469 deaths
Joseon scholar-officials
Cupressus forbesii, now reclassified by some as Hesperocyparis forbesii, and with the common names Tecate cypress or Forbes' cypress, is a species of cypress native to southwestern North America.
Distribution
Cupressus forbesii is native to montane chaparral and woodlands habitats in the western Peninsular Ranges. It grows at elevations of . The tree is found only in the Santa Ana Mountains of Orange County and in San Diego County within Southern California, and in northern Baja California state of Mexico.
The northernmost stand, in Orange County, which comprises a large area on the upper limits of Coal Canyon and on Sierra Peak in the Santa Ana Mountains, burned in a 2006 wildfire. Very few mature trees survived but regeneration is occurring by the hundreds to thousands. However another wildfire before trees are able to reach cone-producing age, which can be quite old for this species, could extirpate the stand.
Description
Cupressus forbesii reaches , and is usually without dominant terminal shoot resulting in a multi-trunked tree. The foliage ranges from rich light green to green, and seed cones are dark brown, measuring 20–32 mm.
Taxonomy
Cupressus forbesii has in the past been referred to as Cupressus guadalupensis var. forbesii. This taxonomy has been somewhat controversial, as morphology and molecular testing have both shown Cupressus guadalupensis to be genetically distinct enough from Cupressus forbesii to warrant being placed in its own species. Cupressus guadalupensis is endemic to Guadalupe Island off Baja California, two hundred fifty miles away from any C. forbesii stands. Molecular testing has shown Cupressus guadalupensis to be slightly more closely related to Cupressus stephensonii.
Major differences between Tecate cypress (Cupressus forbesii) and Guadalupe cypress (Cupressus guadalupensis) are:
Guadalupe cypress, when mature, makes a much more massive and taller tree than Tecate cypress.
Guadalupe cypress has glaucous, somewhat blue-tinted foliage, while Tecate cypress has very green foliage.
Guadalupe cypress cones will open without fire, while Tecate cypress cones differ from any other species of California Cypress, in that even once disconnected from the parent tree, they will not open without heat.
Ecology
The Tecate cypress is the only plant on which the rare Thorne's Hairstreak (Callophrys gryneus thornei) lays its eggs.
Cultivation
Cupressus forbesii has proven to be a successful specimen tree, tolerant of the climate of Coastal California, and its cool temperatures and humidity, where other inland-growing cypress species: such as Cupressus macnabiana have done poorly in these conditions. A Tecate Cypress planted at the San Francisco Botanical Garden is showing vigor and produces viable cones at forty years of age.
References
Further reading
Little, D.P. 2006. Evolution and circumscription of the true cypresses (Cupressaceae: Cupressus). Systematic Botany 31(3): 461–480.
Wolf, C. B. & Wagener, W. E. (1948). The New World cypresses. El Aliso 1: 195–205.
External links
Calflora Database: Hesperocyparis forbesii (Tecate cypress) — current classification.
Jepson eFlora (TJM2) treatment for Hesperocyparis forbesii
The Gymnosperm Database: Cupressus forbesii
Cupressus forbesii/Hesperocyparis forbesii — U.C. Photos Gallery
forbesii
Flora of California
Trees of Baja California
Trees of the Southwestern United States
Natural history of the California chaparral and woodlands
Natural history of the Peninsular Ranges
Natural history of San Diego County, California
San Ysidro Mountains
Plants described in 1922
Taxa named by Willis Linn Jepson
Garden plants of North America
Drought-tolerant trees
Ornamental trees
Leading Lady: The Ultimate Collection is the third greatest hits album by Australian singer Marina Prior. The album was released in August 2015.
Marina promoted the album with concerts in Brisbane. She said; “I'll be doing show songs, so I'll be singing from 'Phantom [Of The Opera]', 'Les Miserable', 'Cats', 'West Side Story' and then some Celtic Folk music, which is the music I sort of grew up with. So I do a whole lot of Irish songs… so it's a real mix and there's a bit of Opera cross-over sort of stuff. Basically it's just all of my favourite songs!"
Prior became the "Leading Lady [of Australian theatre]" after show stopping performances in musicals such as Les Misérables, Phantom Of The Opera, Cats, The Pirates of Penzance, The Student Prince, Anything Goes, West Side Story, The Secret Garden, Show Boat, Annie Get Your Gun, Dirty Rotten Scoundrels, and Mary Poppins.
Prior was signed to Sony Music Australia in 1991 and released three albums over the next three years that sold over 160K copies combined.
She released three more studios and a live album with Ambition Entertainment between 2012-2014.
In 2006, Prior was announced in Australia's 100 Entertainers of the Century.
Leading Lady: The Ultimate Collection includes tracks from three Ambition Entertainment albums: Both Sides Now (2012), Encore (2013) and Marina Prior Live (2014).
Track listing
CD/DD
"Meadow Lark" (from The Baker's Wife) - 5:19
"I'll Never Fall in Love Again" (from Promises, Promises) - 3:34
"When He Loved Me" (from Toy Story 2) - 3:21
"So in Love" (from Kiss Me Kate) - 3:48
"Dream Medley" - Climb Every Mountain (from The Sound of Music), "Out of My Dreams" (from Oklahoma), "I Have Dreamed" (from The King and I) - 3:39
"Memory" (from Cats) - 4:07
"Tomorrow" (from Annie) - 3:18
"Edelweiss (from The Sound of Music) - 1:53
"Before I Gaze at You Again" (from Camelot) - 3:14
"I Dreamed a Dream" (from Les Misérables) - 3:36
"The Winner Takes It All" (from Mamma Mia) - 4:42
"Music of the Night" (from The Phantom of the Opera) - 4:49
"Both Sides, Now" - 4:21
"Vincent" - 4:11
"Songbird" - 3:06
"The Carnival is Over" - 3:17
"Time in the Bottle"- 2:58
"Windmills of Your Mind" - 3:31
"Auld Lang Syne" (Featuring Celtic Woman) - 4:23
"Time to Say Goodbye" (live in concert) - 4:27
Release history
References
Marina Prior albums
Compilation albums by Australian artists
2015 greatest hits albums
The Macro-Gunwinyguan languages, also called Arnhem or Gunwinyguan, are a family of Australian Aboriginal languages spoken across eastern Arnhem Land in northern Australia. Their relationship has been demonstrated through shared morphology in their verbal inflections.
Many of the languages have a fortis–lenis contrast in plosive consonants. Lenis/short plosives have weak contact and intermittent voicing, while fortis/long plosives have full closure, a more powerful release burst, and no voicing.
Languages
Rebecca Green (2004) reconstructed the paradigms of 28 Proto-Arnhem verbs. The languages included by Green are as follows, though Green only accepts Manningrida as a demonstrated branch:
Maningrida
Burarra
Guragone
Djeebbana
Nakkara
? East Arnhem:
Nunggubuyu
Ngandi
Anindilyakwa (Enindhilyagwa)*
? Marran:
Marra
Warndarang †
?Yugul †
?Alawa*
?Mangarayi †
Kungarakany †
Gaagudju †
? Gunwinyguan (Gunwinyguan proper)
Gunwinggic:
Kunwinjku (Gunwinggu, Bininj Gun-wok)
Gunbarlang †
Jawoyn (Djauan)
Dalabon (Ngalkbun) †
Jala (Rembarngic):
Rembarunga
Ngalakgan †
Warrayic: †
Waray
Uwinymil
This is close to what Evans (1997) proposed under the name Gunwinyguan (cf. his very different proposal of Arnhem Land languages.)
Marra, Warndarrang, Alawa, and Mangarrayi have been argued to constitute a Marran family of considerable time depth (Sharpe 2008).
Heath (1990) demonstrated an East Arnhem family of Ngandi + Nunggubuyu, to which Enindhilyagwa was added (as a closer relative to Nunggubuyu) by Van Egmond (2012).
However, Green (2003) argues that only Maningrida has been established as a valid subgroup, and that the interrelationships of the other languages are as yet unclear. The evidence for Gunwinyguan and perhaps other nodes listed above may simply be reflections of a relationship of all Arnhem languages when only a subset of them was investigated. That is, these groups may be based on shared retentions of Proto-Arnhem rather than distinct historical developments. (However, in reviewing Green, Evans pointed out that much of the Maningrida morphology was also shared by Mangarrayi.) An agnostic view of the family would list each language separately, except for the established Maningrida branch:
Kungarakany, Mangarrayi, Marra, Maningrida, Ngalakgan, Bininj Gun-wok (Gunwinggu), Warndarrang, Uwinymil, Gaagudju, Dalabon, Kunbarlang, Rembarrnga, Nunggubuyu, Jawoyn, Warray, Ngandi
*Green does not address Anindilyakwa, Alawa, or Yugul. Yugul is too poorly attested for comparison based on her methods; the other two await validation.
Yangmanic, including Wardaman, had once been included in Gunwinyguan, but has been removed from recent classifications.
External classification
Evans (1997) proposes that these languages are related to Pama–Nyungan in a family he calls Macro-Pama–Nyungan, but this has not yet been demonstrated.
In 2003, he proposed that they are also related to the Eastern Daly languages.
Vocabulary
Capell (1940) lists the following basic vocabulary items for the Gunwinyguan languages:
{| class="wikitable sortable" class="wikitable sortable"
! gloss
! Gunwinggu !! Gunbarlang !! Ngaɖi
|-
! man
| || ||
|-
! woman
| || ||
|-
! head
| || ||
|-
! eye
| || ||
|-
! nose
| || ||
|-
! mouth
| || ||
|-
! tongue
| || ||
|-
! stomach
| || ||
|-
! bone
| || ||
|-
! blood
| || ||
|-
! kangaroo
| || ||
|-
! opossum
| || ||
|-
! emu
| || ||
|-
! crow
| || ||
|-
! fly
| || ||
|-
! sun
| || ||
|-
! moon
| || ||
|-
! fire
| || ||
|-
! smoke
| || ||
|-
! water
| || ||
|}
Capell (1942) lists the following additional basic vocabulary items for the Gunwinyguan languages:
{| class="wikitable sortable"
! gloss !! Southern Gunwinggu !! Muralidban !! Andiljaugwa !! Nunggubuyu !! Wandarang !! Ngandi !! Rainbarngo !! Buan !! Gundangbon
|-
! man
| || || || || || || || ||
|-
! woman
| || || || || || || || ||
|-
! head
| || || || || || || || ||
|-
! eye
| || || || || || || || ||
|-
! nose
| || || || || || || || ||
|-
! mouth
| || || || || || || || ||
|-
! tongue
| || || || || || || || ||
|-
! stomach
| || || || || || || || ||
|-
! bone
| || || || || || || || ||
|-
! blood
| || || || || || || || ||
|-
! kangaroo
| || || || || || || || ||
|-
! opossum
| || || || || || || || ||
|-
! emu
| || || || || || || || ||
|-
! crow
| || || || || || || || ||
|-
! fly
| || || || || || || || ||
|-
! sun
| || || || || || || || ||
|-
! moon
| || || || || || || || ||
|-
! fire
| || || || || || || || ||
|-
! smoke
| || || || || || || || ||
|-
! water
| || || || || || || || ||
|}
Proto-language
Below are some reconstructed Proto-Gunwinyguan (i.e., Proto-Gunwinyguan proper) animal and plant names from Harvey (2003):
{| class="wikitable sortable"
|+ Proto-Gunwinyguan animal names
! no. !! gloss !! Proto-Gunwinyguan
|-
| 8 || gudgeon sp. ||
|-
| 10 || centipede ||
|-
| 18 || death adder ||
|-
| 26 || frill-necked lizard ||
|-
| 31 || quoll ||
|-
| 32 || long-horned grasshopper ||
|-
| 35 || crayfish ||
|-
| 38 || jabiru ||
|-
| 39 || whimbrel ||
|-
| 42 || water goanna ||
|-
| 44 || female agile wallaby ||
|-
| 49 || green tree frog ||
|-
| 53 || koel ||
|-
| 70 || rifle fish ||
|-
| 77 || willy wagtail ||
|-
| 80 || whistleduck ||
|-
| 96 || quail ||
|-
| 102 || bony bream ||
|-
| 103 || whistleduck ||
|-
| 105 || scorpion ||
|-
| 107 || hornet ||
|-
| 108 || carpet snake ||
|-
| 121 || nail-tailed wallaby ||
|-
| 127 || water goanna ||
|-
| 128 || female black wallaby ||
|-
| 138 || bowerbird ||
|-
| 139 || kingfisher sp. ||
|-
| 142 || black-headed python ||
|-
| 143 || rock wallaby ||
|-
| 145 || taipan ||
|-
| 148 || tawny frogmouth, owl sp. ||
|-
| 152 || kangaroo rat ||
|-
| 154 || fishtail palm ||
|-
| 173 || tawny frogmouth ||
|-
| 178 || willy wagtail ||
|-
| 215 || jabiru ||
|-
| 230 || bony bream ||
|-
| 232 || Long Tom fish ||
|-
| 237 || black cockatoo ||
|-
| 238 || black flying fox ||
|-
| 239 || emu, large feathers on emu ||
|-
| 241 || big bandicoot ||
|-
| 249 || dingo ||
|-
| 253 || black cockatoo ||
|-
| 255 || spoonbill ||
|-
| 264 || goshawk ||
|-
| 275 || dingo ||
|-
| 276 || nankeen night heron ||
|-
| 277 || friarbird ||
|-
| 336 || kookaburra ||
|-
| 344 || echidna ||
|-
| 347 || freshwater crocodile ||
|-
| 353 || emu ||
|-
| 359 || tawny frogmouth ||
|-
| 364 || blue-tongue lizard ||
|-
| 369 || black-headed python ||
|-
| 374 || paperbark sp. ||
|-
| 378 || ibis sp. ||
|-
| 384 || blue-tongue lizard ||
|-
| 385 || blue-tongue lizard ||
|-
| 388 || olive python ||
|-
| 405 || saltwater crocodile ||
|-
| 408 || kookaburra ||
|-
| 417 || sugar glider ||
|-
| 433 || spotted bream ||
|-
| 442 || black cockatoo ||
|-
| 448 || butcherbird ||
|-
| 464 || black-headed python ||
|-
| 467 || pelican ||
|-
| 485 || echidna ||
|-
| 495 || centipede ||
|-
| 511 || water goanna ||
|-
| 523 || friarbird ||
|-
| 528 || barramundi ||
|-
| 530 || barramundi ||
|-
| 561 || blue-tongue lizard ||
|-
| 570 || barramundi ||
|-
| 586 || blue-tongue lizard ||
|-
| 598 || rainbow serpent ||
|-
| 617 || spoonbill ||
|-
| 625 || flying fox ||
|-
| 637 || frogmouth ||
|-
| 639 || barramundi ||
|-
| 644 || black flying fox ||
|-
| 645 || saltwater crocodile ||
|-
| 664 || grey-crowned babbler ||
|-
| 667 || white corella ||
|-
| 684 || white cockatoo ||
|-
| 685 || saratoga ||
|-
| 687 || short-necked turtle ||
|-
| 690 || rifle fish ||
|-
| 702 || white cockatoo ||
|-
| 756 || tree rat; quoll ||
|-
| 801 || spotted nightjar ||
|-
| 807 || kookaburra ||
|-
| 808 || darter (bird sp.) ||
|-
| 812 || black wallaroo ||
|-
| 820 || march fly ||
|-
| 824 || pelican ||
|-
| 827 || file snake ||
|-
| 831 || gecko spp. ||
|-
| 839 || bustard ||
|-
| 845 || plover ||
|-
| 846 || rainbow bee-eater ||
|-
| 847 || masked plover ||
|-
| 850 || file snake ||
|-
| 856 || galah ||
|-
| 866 || barramundi ||
|-
| 873 || glossy ibis ||
|-
| 887 || archer fish ||
|-
| 904 || water python ||
|-
| 906 || brolga ||
|-
| 915 || velvet-tailed gecko ||
|-
| 923 || pheasant ||
|-
| 932 || ghost bat ||
|-
| 934 || file snake ||
|-
| 941 || water goanna ||
|-
| 954 || water python ||
|-
| 963 || red-eyed pigeon ||
|-
| 976 || Torresian imperial pigeon ||
|-
| 981 || sand goanna ||
|-
| 997 || black cockatoo ||
|-
| 1009 || plover ||
|-
| 1012 || dollar bird ||
|-
| 1020 || peewee ||
|-
| 1024 || moon; moon snake ||
|-
| 1025 || wedge-tailed eagle ||
|-
| 1034 || rock wallaby ||
|-
| 1045 || ring-tailed possum ||
|-
| 1049 || bony bream ||
|-
| 1067 || green tree frog ||
|-
| 1093 || Long Tom fish ||
|-
| 1097 || bandicoot ||
|-
| 1100 || king brown snake ||
|-
| 1115 || crow ||
|-
| 1123 || bustard ||
|-
| 1171 || butcherbird ||
|-
| 1196 || rainbow fish ||
|-
| 1206 || possum ||
|-
| 1216 || bird sp.; rainbow bee-eater; kingfisher; whipbirds ||
|-
| 1217 || black-faced cuckooshrike ||
|-
| 1231 || cockroach ||
|-
| 1244 || possum sp. ||
|-
| 1274 || yabby ||
|-
| 1291 || bird sp.; mopoke; kite ||
|-
| 1303 || water rat ||
|-
| 1314 || lightning; rain; Leichhardt's grasshopper [seen in wet season] ||
|}
{| class="wikitable sortable"
|+ Proto-Gunwinyguan plant names
! no. !! gloss !! Proto-Gunwinyguan
|-
| 2 || Grevillea pteridifolia || ~
|-
| 12 || spinifex ||
|-
| 30 || wattle sp. ||
|-
| 36 || king brown snake ||
|-
| 40 || banyan ||
|-
| 54 || water lily stem ||
|-
| 60 || Grevillea sp. ||
|-
| 63 || milkwood ||
|-
| 67 || pandanus mat ||
|-
| 82 || Capparis umbonata ||
|-
| 85 || Pandanus aquaticus ||
|-
| 93 || mistletoe ||
|-
| 141 || lancewood ||
|-
| 223 || ironwood ||
|-
| 235 || freshwater mangrove ||
|-
| 236 || wattle sp., woomera type ||
|-
| 244 || Acacia sp. ||
|-
| 258 || spinifex sp. ||
|-
| 278 || tree sp., Gardenia megasperma, Capparis umbonata ||
|-
| 321 || plant sp., bush potato ||
|-
| 329 || Planchonia careya ||
|-
| 334 || pandanus husk ||
|-
| 341 || paperbark ||
|-
| 345 || paperbark humpy, bark of stringybark ||
|-
| 377 || black plum ||
|-
| 379 || Flacourtia territorialis ||
|-
| 398 || Terminalia grandiflora ||
|-
| 402 || Banksia dentata ||
|-
| 431 || Opilia amentacea ||
|-
| 461 || wild passionfruit ||
|-
| 482 || Canthium lucidum ||
|-
| 513 || palm sp., Cycas media ||
|-
| 527 || eucalyptus sp. ||
|-
| 529 || paperbark, deep coolamon ||
|-
| 576 || nut of pandanus ||
|-
| 599 || coolibah ||
|-
| 602 || paperbark sp. ||
|-
| 604 || conkerberry ||
|-
| 607 || ironwood ||
|-
| 627 || black currant ||
|-
| 677 || eucalyptus sp. ||
|-
| 689 || cycad ||
|-
| 704 || black currant ||
|-
| 708 || pandanus sp. ||
|-
| 711 || river red gum ||
|-
| 776 || Ficus opposita ||
|-
| 802 || Owenia vernicosa ||
|-
| 825 || green plum ||
|-
| 826 || quinine tree ||
|-
| 843 || eucalyptus sp. ||
|-
| 865 || Acacia holosericea ||
|-
| 880 || tea tree ||
|-
| 896 || Dalabon ||
|-
| 898 || wattle sp. ||
|-
| 925 || paperbark sp. ||
|-
| 935 || clump of bamboo; Bambusa arnhemica ||
|-
| 953 || Cassytha filiformis ||
|-
| 955 || Xanthostemon paradoxus ||
|-
| 958 || tree sp. - Brachychiton diversifolium ||
|-
| 962 || paperbark ||
|-
| 971 || pandanus ||
|-
| 977 || ridge; blacksoil area; grass used in corroborees ||
|-
| 999 || Phragmites ||
|-
| 1058 || Leichhardt tree ||
|-
| 1089 || quinine brush ||
|-
| 1091 || Acacia holosericea ||
|-
| 1095 || Canthium attenuatum, Exocarpos latifolius ||
|-
| 1096 || bloodwood ||
|-
| 1101 || pandanus ||
|-
| 1154 || vine sp. - Cynanchum pedunculatum ||
|-
| 1169 || plant sp.; Exocarpos latifolus; lemon grass ||
|-
| 1181 || Grevillea pteridifolia ||
|-
| 1239 || black plum ||
|-
| 1259 || pandanus ||
|}
References
Indigenous Australian languages in the Northern Territory
Proposed language families
Non-Pama-Nyungan languages
Aqua and Aria is a utopian science fantasy manga written and illustrated by Kozue Amano. The series is set in the 24th century on a terraformed Mars, and follows a young woman named Akari as she trains as an apprentice gondolier. Aqua was originally published by Enix in its Monthly Stencil magazine from 2001 to 2002 and collected in two tankōbon volumes. When the series moved to Mag Garden's Comic Blade magazine in November 2002, the title changed to Aria. Mag Garden later re-released the two volumes of Aqua with additional material and new covers. Serialization completed in April 2008. In all, the 70 serialized chapters of Aqua and Aria were collected in 14 tankōbon volumes released between 3 October 2003 to 10 March 2008 in the Mag Garden editions. Each volume, called a "voyage", contains five chapters called "navigations", covering a season of the Aqua year.
The series has been adapted by Hal Film Maker as a 54-episode anime television series, with a first season broadcast in 2005 on TV Tokyo Network, a second season in 2006, an OVA released September 2007, and a third season in 2008 that ended around the same time as the manga serialization. A new OVA, called Aria the Avvenire, was released in the 10th anniversary Blu-Ray Box sets of the anime series between 24 December 2015 and 24 June 2016.
In English, Aria (but not Aqua) was originally licensed by ADV Manga, who dropped the license after publishing three volumes. The North American license for Aqua and Aria was picked up by Tokyopop, which began releasing the series, starting with the first volume of Aqua on 9 October 2007. The series has been licensed in France by Kami, in Germany by Tokyopop Germany, in Italy by Star Comics, in Indonesia by M&C Comics, in South Korea by Bookbox, in Spain by Editorial Ivrea, in Taiwan by Tong Li Comics, and in Thailand by Bongkoch Comics.
In 2017, Tokyopop released a collector's edition of the Aqua and Aria chapters as Aria: The Masterpiece in seven volumes. They also plan to reprint the series in 2021 given enough advance orders.
Chapters and volumes
Aqua
Aria
See also
List of Aria episodes
List of Aria soundtracks
References
External links
Aqua manga Tokyopop website
Aria manga Tokyopop website
Aria
Smooth Rock Falls is an incorporated town in the Cochrane District in Northeastern Ontario, Canada, with a population of 1,330 at the 2016 census.
Geography and transportation
The town lies on the Mattagami River and on Highway 11. The next full-service towns in each direction are Cochrane, about 59 km (37 mi) to the east and slightly south by road, and Kapuskasing, about 65 km (40 mi) to the west and slightly north. Highway 634 connects Smooth Rock Falls northward with the community of Fraserdale, and Highway 655, starting in Driftwood east of Smooth Rock Falls, provides easier access to Timmins, the dominant regional centre, about 102 km (63 m) south by that route.
The town is served by the Ontario Northland Railway for freight service, and by Ontario Northland passenger buses.
Economy
The Smooth Rock Falls economy was dominated by the Tembec Malette pulp mill, which was closed on December 5, 2006. Prior to that, the mill had been in a state of indefinite shutdown since July 31, 2006. The closure of the mill meant the loss of about 210 jobs.
The town of Smooth Rock Falls made a series of announcements regarding community investments since Tembec's departure and the closure of the pulp mill. On July 13, 2007 a joint news conference between the town and the Ontario Ministry of Natural Resources revealed the former Tembec pulp mill would be converted into a value-added cedar plant. Quebec-based Hardy Cedar Lumber took control of the mill and was provided with 50,000 cubic metres of cedar from the province. The cedar project would provide the community with as many as 44 full-time jobs.
One month prior to the cedar announcement, the town made public an investor's plan to build a new seniors retirement home, 80-100 room hotel and establish a new Indian restaurant. Nightingale Premier, an investment company based in Great Britain, first met with town officials in November 2006. The British company made its plans for a new seniors home, hotel and restaurant known on June 13, 2007.
In 2017 the town announced incentives to encourage new construction that included up to $2,500 off building permit fees, property tax forgiveness over three years of 100%, 75% and 25% per year and 90% of the market value of building lots. The long closed motel reopened in August 2017.
NorthernTel, Ontera, and Persona Communications provide telecommunications services.
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Smooth Rock Falls had a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
Politics
Smooth Rock Falls is part of the provincial electoral district of Mushkegowuk—James Bay and the federal electoral district of Algoma—Manitoulin—Kapuskasing. Its Member of Provincial Parliament is Guy Bourgouin, a New Democrat, and its Member of Parliament is Carol Hughes. Bisson's constituency office serves Smooth Rock Falls locally with weekly hours at Town Hall.
Health care
The Smooth Rock Falls Hospital includes 14 acute care and 23 long-term care beds, and its Cochrane District Detoxification Centre serves the larger region.
Education
District School Board Ontario North East operates
Smooth Rock Falls Public School (JK-6)
Smooth Rock Falls Secondary School
Conseil scolaire catholique de district des Grandes-Rivières operates
L'École catholique Georges-Vanier.
For postsecondary education, a Contact North distance education access centre serves the town. The Smooth Rock Falls Resource Centre offers Adult Education for those who want to upgrade or finish their grade 12 secondary school diplomas.
Media
CKGN-1, a repeater of CKGN-FM Kapuskasing, provides community radio service for the Franco-Ontarian population.
Attractions
Town attractions include the Reg Lamy Cultural Centre, which includes a hockey arena and Smooth Rock Falls Curling Club; the Smooth Rock Falls Golf Course (9 holes), a public library, and a public swimming pool.
Each year the town hosts the Smooth Truck Fest, a popular festival that features truck pulls and other motorized pull contests alongside children's activities, concerts, canoe races and much more.
Notable people
Notable people from Smooth Rock Falls include:
Jeffrey Buttle, figure skater
Louise Pitre, singer and actress
J. P. Parisé, NHL/ Team Canada 1972 hockey left winger, and father of NHL hockey forward Zach Parise
Charlotte L'Écuyer, Quebec politician and current Member of National Assembly of Pontiac
Dick Mattiussi, NHL and AHL hockey player.
See also
List of francophone communities in Ontario
References
External links
Municipalities in Cochrane District
Single-tier municipalities in Ontario
Towns in Ontario
Abbey Murphy (born April 14, 2002) is an American ice hockey forward, currently playing for the Minnesota Golden Gophers in the NCAA. Along with Kendall Coyne Schofield, she is one of two players in history to have scored in three consecutive IIHF World Women's U18 Championship gold medal games.
Career
Murphy began playing hockey at the age of seven, being taught how to skate by her neighbor, Tom Pratl, after watching him play the sport in his backyard. She first joined the St. Jude Knights Hockey Club, one of just a handful of girls on the team, before joining the Chicago Mission at the age of 10. With the Mission, she won a state championship at the U16 level.
She began attending the University of Minnesota in 2020, playing for the university's women's ice hockey program.
International career
Murphy represented the United States at the 2018, 2019, and 2020 IIHF World Women's U18 Championships, scoring a total of 13 points in 15 games and winning gold twice and silver once.
On January 2, 2022, Murphy was named to Team USA's roster to represent the United States at the 2022 Winter Olympics.
Personal life
Murphy attended secondary school at the Mother McAuley Liberal Arts High School. Murphy has two older brothers, Dominic and Patrick, and her parents are Edward and Lynne.
References
External links
2002 births
Living people
American women's ice hockey forwards
Ice hockey players from Illinois
Ice hockey players at the 2022 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 2022 Winter Olympics
Minnesota Golden Gophers women's ice hockey players
Olympic ice hockey players of the United States
Olympic silver medalists for the United States in ice hockey
People from Evergreen Park, Illinois
21st-century American women
Art Griffiths (9 September 1924 – 11 August 2018) was a Canadian rower who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Biography
Griffiths went to the Westdale Secondary School in 1940 and graduated in 1943. Griffiths started rowing in 1940 at Westdale. During World War II, he became a pilot for the Royal Canadian Air Force until 1946. After the war, Griffiths resumed his rowing career for the Leander Boat Club. As a member of Leander, he rowed at the 1948 and 1952 Summer Olympics for Canada. Griffiths retired from rowing in 1954.
References
1924 births
2018 deaths
Canadian male rowers
Olympic rowers of Canada
Rowers at the 1948 Summer Olympics
Rowers at the 1952 Summer Olympics
Nordic combined at the 1998 Winter Olympics, consisted of two events, held from 13 February to 20 February. The ski jumping portion took place at Hakuba Ski Jumping Stadium, while the cross-country portion took place at Snow Harp.
Medal summary
Medal table
The Norwegians led the medal table, sweeping the two gold medals. Russia's medal, from Valery Stolyarov was the first, and as of 2010, only medal for Russia in Nordic combined (three Soviet athletes have won Nordic combined medals, two of them from Russia).
Events
Participating NOCs
Fourteen nations participated in Nordic combined at the Nagano Games. Slovenia made their Olympic Nordic combined debut.
References
1998 Winter Olympics events
1998
1998 in Nordic combined
Nordic combined competitions in Japan
Men's events at the 1998 Winter Olympics
Sir John Christopher Sainty, KCB, FSA (born 1934 in London, England) is a retired British parliamentary official who was Clerk of the Parliaments from 1983 to 1990.
Family
Sir John is the son of Christopher Lawrence Sainty, of Clayton Priory, Hassocks, Sussex, and his first wife Nancy Lee Miller, of Madison, Wisconsin, and Chicago, Illinois. He is married to Frances Sherlock and has three sons:
Christopher Sainty, British Ambassador to Portugal since 2018
Henry Sainty, solicitor, partner, Farrer & Co
Edward Sainty
Sir John is also the elder half-brother of the art dealer and historian of Orders of Knighthood Guy Stair Sainty.
Education
He was educated at Winchester College, and New College, Oxford.
Career
After serving as the Private Secretary to the Leader of the House and Clerk of the Journals of the House of Lords, he was appointed Clerk of the Parliaments in 1983, retiring in 1990. He was knighted in the 1986 Queen's Birthday Honours, when he was made a Knight Commander of the Bath (KCB). He was later appointed a Senior Fellow of the Institute of Historical Research and has published numerous articles and studies of office holders under the Crown. He was also a Commissioner of the Historical Manuscripts Commission prior to its merger with the Public Record Office to form The National Archives.
Books
The Lord Lieutenants and their Deputies (Phillimore, 2007)
The Judges of England 1272-1990 a list of judges of the superior courts (1993)
A List of English Law Officers, King's Counsels and Holders of Precedence (Selden Society, 1987)
A List of English Law Officers, King's Counsel and Holders of Patents of Precedence (Selden Society, vol.7, 1986)
Parliamentary Functions of the Sovereign since 1509 (1980)
Colonial Office Officials : officials of the Secretary of State for War, 1794-1801, etc. London: IHR (1976)
Home Office officials, 1782-1870 London : Athlone Press & IHR (1975)
Admiralty Officials, 1660-1870 (1975)
'The Origins of House of Lords Leadership', The Bulletin of Historical Research (BIHR) (1974)
Officials of the Secretaries of State, 1660-1782 (1973)
The Origin of the Office of Chairman of Committees in the House of Lords (HLRO Memorandum No.52, 1973)
The Lord Lieutenants of counties 1585-1642 London: IHR (1970)
References
External links
Parliamentary Archives, Papers of Sir John Christopher Sainty
1934 births
Living people
Knights Companion of the Order of the Bath
Fellows of the Society of Antiquaries of London
Writers from London
People educated at Winchester College
Alumni of New College, Oxford
Clerks of the Parliaments
Miklós Buzál is a Hungarian sprint canoer who competed in the late 1990s. He won a silver medal in the C-2 200 m event at the 1998 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Szeged.
References
Hungarian male canoeists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships medalists in Canadian
Ghermu is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1950 people living in 365 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Lamjung District
Populated places in Lamjung District
Xinjiang Begonia F.C. (Simplified Chinese: 新疆海棠足球俱乐部) is a football club. They currently compete in the China League Two.
History
Xinjiang Begonia was found in February 2012 by Xiyu Group and Xinjiang Zhaori Group. The team kicked off its career within China League Two, the third tier league of the chinese football league system, during the 2012 league season. The team started off the season with a great 5-game undefeated start, winning three and tied two without letting in one goal. However, they failed to finish within the top four of the north group, and ended up fifth, missing both the playoffs and the chance of advancing to China League One.
The team will not compete in the 2013 season. However, with the decent start to the league the team was able to pull off, the team hopes to achieve China League One in the near future, and hopefully China Super League to potentially promote football in Xinjiang.
All-time league rankings
in North Group
Staff
References
External links
Official site
Defunct football clubs in China
Football clubs in China
The Erdős–Straus conjecture is an unproven statement in number theory. The conjecture is that, for every integer that is 2 or more, there exist positive integers , , and for which
In other words, the number can be written as a sum of three positive unit fractions.
The conjecture is named after Paul Erdős and Ernst G. Straus, who formulated it in 1948, but it is connected to much more ancient mathematics; sums of unit fractions, like the one in this problem, are known as Egyptian fractions, because of their use in ancient Egyptian mathematics. The Erdős–Straus conjecture is one of many conjectures by Erdős, and one of many unsolved problems in mathematics concerning Diophantine equations.
Although a solution is not known for all values of , infinitely many values in certain infinite arithmetic progressions have simple formulas for their solution, and skipping these known values can speed up searches for counterexamples. Additionally, these searches need only consider values of that are prime numbers, because any composite counterexample would have a smaller counterexample among its prime factors. Computer searches have verified the truth of the conjecture up to .
If the conjecture is reframed to allow negative unit fractions, then it is known to be true. Generalizations of the conjecture to fractions with numerator 5 or larger have also been studied.
Background and history
When a rational number is expanded into a sum of unit fractions, the expansion is called an Egyptian fraction. This way of writing fractions dates to the mathematics of ancient Egypt, in which fractions were written this way instead of in the more modern vulgar fraction form with a numerator and denominator . The Egyptians produced tables of Egyptian fractions for unit fractions multiplied by two, the numbers that in modern notation would be written , such as the Rhind Mathematical Papyrus table; in these tables, most of these expansions use either two or three terms. These tables were needed, because the obvious expansion was not allowed: the Egyptians required all of the fractions in an Egyptian fraction to be different from each other. This same requirement, that all fractions be different, is sometimes imposed in the Erdős–Straus conjecture, but it makes no significant difference to the problem, because for any solution to where the unit fractions are not distinct can be converted into a solution where they are all distinct; see below.
Although the Egyptians did not always find expansions using as few terms as possible, later mathematicians have been interested in the question of how few terms are needed. Every fraction has an expansion of at most terms, so in particular needs at most two terms, needs at most three terms, and needs at most four terms. For , two terms are always needed, and for , three terms are sometimes needed, so for both of these numerators, the maximum number of terms that might be needed is known. However, for , it is unknown whether four terms are sometimes needed, or whether it is possible to express all fractions of the form using only three unit fractions; this is the Erdős–Straus conjecture. Thus, the conjecture covers the first unknown case of a more general question, the problem of finding for all the maximum number of terms needed in expansions for fractions .
One way to find short (but not always shortest) expansions uses the greedy algorithm for Egyptian fractions, first described in 1202 by Fibonacci in his book Liber Abaci. This method chooses one unit fraction at a time, at each step choosing the largest possible unit fraction that would not cause the expanded sum to exceed the target number. After each step, the numerator of the fraction that still remains to be expanded decreases, so the total number of steps can never exceed the starting numerator, but sometimes it is smaller. For example, when it is applied to , the greedy algorithm will use two terms whenever is 2 moduli 3, but there exists a two-term expansion whenever has a factor that is 2 modulo 3, a weaker condition. For numbers of the form , the greedy algorithm will produce a four-term expansion whenever is 1 modulo 4, and an expansion with fewer terms otherwise. Thus, another way of rephrasing the Erdős–Straus conjecture asks whether there exists another method for producing Egyptian fractions, using a smaller maximum number of terms for the numbers .
The Erdős–Straus conjecture was formulated in 1948 by Paul Erdős and Ernst G. Straus, and published by . Richard Obláth also published an early work on the conjecture, a paper written in 1948 and published in 1950, in which he extended earlier calculations of Straus and Harold N. Shapiro in order to verify the conjecture for all .
Formulation
The conjecture states that, for every integer , there exist positive integers , , and such that
For instance, for , there are two solutions:
Multiplying both sides of the equation by leads to an equivalent polynomial form for the problem.
Distinct unit fractions
Some researchers additionally require that the integers , , and be distinct from each other, as the Egyptians would have, while others allow them to be equal. For , it does not matter whether they are required to be distinct: if there exists a solution with any three integers, then there exists a solution with distinct integers. For , however, the only solutions are permutations of .
This is because two identical unit fractions can be replaced through one of the following two expansions:
(according to whether the repeated fraction has an even or odd denominator) and this replacement can be repeated until no duplicate fractions remain.
Negative-number solutions
The Erdős–Straus conjecture requires that all three of , , and be positive. This requirement is essential to the difficulty of the problem. Even without this relaxation, the Erdős–Straus conjecture is difficult only for odd values of , and if negative values were allowed then the problem could be solved for every odd by the following formula:
Computational results
If the conjecture is false, it could be proven false simply by finding a number that has no three-term representation. In order to check this, various authors have performed brute-force searches for counterexamples to the conjecture. Searches of this type have confirmed that the conjecture is true for all up to .
In such searches, it is only necessary to look for expansions for numbers where is a prime number. This is because, whenever has a three-term expansion, so does for all positive integers . To find a solution for , just divide all of the unit fractions in the solution for by :
If were a counterexample to the conjecture, for a composite number , every prime factor of would also provide a counterexample that would have been found earlier by the brute-force search. Therefore, checking the existence of a solution for composite numbers is redundant, and can be skipped by the search. Additionally, the known modular identities for the conjecture (see below) can speed these searches by skipping over other values known to have solution. For instance, the greedy algorithm finds an expansion with three or fewer terms for every number where is not 1 modulo 4, so the searches only need to test values that are 1 modulo 4. One way to make progress on this problem is to collect more modular identities, allowing computer searches to reach higher limits with fewer tests.
The number of distinct solutions to the problem, as a function of , has also been found by computer searches for small and appears to grow somewhat irregularly with . Starting with , the numbers of distinct solutions with distinct denominators are
Even for larger there can sometimes be relatively few solutions; for instance there are only seven distinct solutions for .
Theoretical results
In the form , a polynomial equation with integer variables, the Erdős–Straus conjecture is an example of a Diophantine equation. The Hasse principle for Diophantine equations suggests that these equations should be studied using modular arithmetic. If an polynomial equation has a solution in the integers, then taking this solution modulo , for any integer , provides a solution in modulo- arithmetic. In the other direction, if an equation has a solution modulo for every prime power , then in some cases it is possible to piece together these modular solutions, using methods related to the Chinese remainder theorem, to get a solution in the integers. The power of the Hasse principle to solve some problems is limited by the Manin obstruction, but for the Erdős–Straus conjecture this obstruction does not exist.
Nevertheless, on the face of it this principle makes little sense for the Erdős–Straus conjecture. For every , the equation is easily solvable modulo any prime, or prime power, but there appears to be no way to piece those solutions together to get a positive integer solution to the equation. Nevertheless, modular arithmetic, and identities based on modular arithmetic, have proven a very important tool in the study of the conjecture.
Modular identities
For values of satisfying certain congruence relations, one can find an expansion for automatically as an instance of a polynomial identity. For instance, whenever is 2 moduli 3, has the expansion
Here each of the three denominators , , and is a polynomial of , and each is an integer whenever is 2 moduli 3. The greedy algorithm for Egyptian fractions finds a solution in three or fewer terms whenever is not 1 or 17 mod 24, and the 17 mod 24 case is covered by the 2 mod 3 relation, so the only values of for which these two methods do not find expansions in three or fewer terms are those congruent to 1 mod 24.
Polynomial identities listed by provide three-term Egyptian fractions for whenever is one of:
2 mod 3 (above),
3 mod 4,
2 or 3 mod 5,
3, 5, or 6 mod 7, or
5 mod 8.
Combinations of Mordell's identities can be used to expand for all except possibly those that are 1, 121, 169, 289, 361, or 529 mod 840. The smallest prime that these identities do not cover is 1009. By combining larger classes of modular identities, Webb and others showed that the natural density of potential counterexamples to the conjecture is zero: as a parameter . goes to infinity, the fraction of values in the interval . that could be counterexamples tends to zero in the limit.
Nonexistence of identities
If it were possible to find solutions such as the ones above for enough different moduli, forming a complete covering system of congruences, the problem would be solved. However, as showed, a polynomial identity that provides a solution for values of congruent to mod can exist only when is not congruent to a square modulo . (More formally, this kind of identify can exist only when is not a quadratic residue modulo .) For instance, 2 is a non-square mod 3, so Mordell's result allows the existence of an identity for congruent to 2 mod 3. However, 1 is a square mod 3 (equal to the square of both 1 and 2 mod 3), so there can be no similar identity for all values of that are congruent to 1 mod 3. More generally, as 1 is a square mod for all , there can be no complete covering system of modular identities for all , because 1 will always be uncovered.
Despite Mordell's result limiting the form of modular identities for this problem, there is still some hope of using modular identities to prove the Erdős–Straus conjecture. No prime number can be a square, so by the Hasse–Minkowski theorem, whenever is prime, there exists a larger prime such that is not a quadratic residue modulo . One possible approach to proving the conjecture would be
to find for each prime a larger prime and a congruence solving the problem for congruent to mod . If this could be done, no prime could be a counterexample to the conjecture and the conjecture would be true.
The number of solutions
showed that the average number of solutions to the problem (averaged over the prime numbers up to ) is upper bounded polylogarithmically in . For some other Diophantine problems, the existence of a solution can be demonstrated through asymptotic lower bounds on the number of solutions, but this works best when the number of solutions grows at least polynomially, so the slower growth rate of Elsholtz and Tao's result makes a proof of this type less likely. Elsholtz and Tao classify solutions according to whether one or two of , , or is divisible by ; for prime , these are the only possibilities, although (on average) most solutions for composite are of other types. Their proof uses the Bombieri–Vinogradov theorem, the Brun–Titchmarsh theorem, and a system of modular identities, valid when is congruent to or modulo , where and are any two coprime positive integers and is any odd factor of . For instance, setting gives one of Mordell's identities, valid when is 3 mod 4.
Generalizations
As with fractions of the form , it has been conjectured that every fraction (for ) can be expressed as a sum of three positive unit fractions. A generalized version of the conjecture states that, for any positive , all but finitely many fractions can be expressed as a sum of three positive unit fractions. The conjecture for fractions was made by Wacław Sierpiński in a 1956 paper, which went on to credit the full conjecture to Sierpiński's student Andrzej Schinzel.
Even if the generalized conjecture is false for any fixed value of , then the number of fractions with in the range from 1 to that do not have three-term expansions must grow only sublinearly as a function of . In particular, if the Erdős–Straus conjecture itself (the case ) is false, then the number of counterexamples grows only sublinearly. Even more strongly, for any fixed , only a sublinear number of values of need more than two terms in their Egyptian fraction expansions. The generalized version of the conjecture is equivalent to the statement that the number of unexpandable fractions is not just sublinear but bounded.
When is an odd number, by analogy to the problem of odd greedy expansions for Egyptian fractions, one may ask for solutions to in which , , and are distinct positive odd numbers. Solutions to this equation are known to always exist for the case in which .
See also
List of sums of reciprocals
Notes
References
.
.
.
.
.
. See in particular the "Small numerators" section
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
. Reprinted with additional annotations in .
.
.
.
.
.
Conjectures
Unsolved problems in number theory
Egyptian fractions
Diophantine equations
Paul Erdős
Strictly for Mothers was an Australian television series, which aired on Melbourne television station HSV-7. The weekly half-hour daytime series was short-lived, broadcast on Mondays from 27 July 1959 to 12 October 1959 at 2:45PM. It was a series aimed at mothers and expectant mothers. It was hosted by Jean Battersby. It was followed on HSV-7's schedule by Snakes and Ladders, a short-lived game show.
Jean Battersby's other hosting duties during the 1950s at HSV-7 included What's On, which aired during the same months as Strictly for Mothers, but on Wednesdays, and she also was the host of Movie Guide (Fridays, 29 August 1958 to 24 July 1959) and Personal Column (1958-1959). All of these were daytime series.
This was not the first time a personality at HSV-7 did several series in a row or at the same time. In 1956, Eric Pearce hosted novelty game show I've Got a Secret (1956-1958), co-hosted the very short-lived Eric and Mary, was a newsreader on HSV-7's newscast, and in early 1957 began hosting Be My Guest.
References
External links
Seven Network original programming
1959 Australian television series debuts
1959 Australian television series endings
Black-and-white Australian television shows
English-language television shows
Australian non-fiction television series
Dave Rich is Head of Policy at the Community Security Trust and is a leading expert on left-wing antisemitism, according to The Jewish Chronicle. He is an associate research fellow at the Pears Institute for the Study of Antisemitism, where he completed his PhD. Rich has written a book, published in 2016, The Left's Jewish Problem: Jeremy Corbyn, Israel and Anti‑Semitism which began as his doctoral dissertation.
References
External links
Dr Dave Rich, faculty profile, Pears Institute for the Study of Antisemitism, University of London
Living people
Scholars of antisemitism
Alumni of Birkbeck, University of London
English writers
English people of Jewish descent
Year of birth missing (living people)
Mayor Island / Tūhua is a dormant shield volcano located off the Bay of Plenty coast of New Zealand's North Island. It lies north of Tauranga and covers .
Geography
The island is quite steep along its coast and rises to above sea level. A saddle about deep separates it from the North Island, while the other side of the volcano rises from the seafloor some beneath the waves. Approximately 18,000 years ago during the Last Glacial Maximum when sea levels were over 100 metres lower than present day levels, Mayor Island / Tūhua was connected to the rest of New Zealand. Sea levels began to rise 7,000 years ago, separating Mayor Island / Tūhua from the mainland. Hot springs abound, and there are two small crater lakes, Green Lake and Black Lake. These lie within two overlapping calderas formed in explosive eruptions 36,000 and 6,340 years ago.
Geology
Mayor Island is characterised as a peralkaline volcano and has exhibited a wide range of eruptive styles, including fire fountains, Strombolian explosions, extrusion of lava domes, phreatomagmatic explosions, Plinian falls and ignimbrite. The most recent lava flows have been dated at between 500 and 1,000 years old.
The Tūhua Caldera formed in the > eruptive volume event of 6,340 years ago and also is a partial collapse crater. It is by in size. The Tuhua Tephra is quite distinctive and due to it having two dispersion patterns has been found in the Auckland area where it is up to 7cm thick, at Rotorua up to 10cm thick and Lake Waikaremoana where it is 4cm thick, making it useful as a mid-Holocene marker horizon. It has also been characterised from multiple sea bed cores off the East coast from the Havre trough off the Bay of Plenty to the southern North Island off Cape Turnagain.
Te Paritu Tephra is assigned to a Mayor Island eruption but the full recent significant eruptive sequence required sea cores as prevailing winds are off land.
In summary recent eruptions are:
Risks
The island would likely be sterilised in a typical major pyroclastic eruption at their current frequency of about every 7,000 years although a small eruption could be confined within the caldera. Tsunami activity and ash affecting the Bay of Plenty are possible with initial vent clearing and ash falls toward the major cities of the northern half of the North island being most likely in summer, with economic disruption to especially ports and airports. Usually however the ash fall will be away from land. However it has been estimated that a worse case tsunami could be high when it reached Bay of Plenty coastal resorts and the city of Tauranga with possibly only 30 minutes warning. Most of the infrastructure of these coastal towns is less than above sea level so is at risk of complete destruction.
History
Captain James Cook called it Mayor Island when he sighted it on 3 November 1769, in recognition of the Lord Mayor's Day to be held in London a few days later.
The island is considered special by Māori (the indigenous people of New Zealand) partly because of the presence of black obsidian, a volcanic glass created by the rapid cooling of silica-rich lava, prized as a cutting tool. The obsidian was called Tūhua by Māori, who called the island by the same name. Over 80% of obsidian excavated from Matakawau on Great Mercury Island had been sourced from Tūhua. Several pa sites are known on the island, the final of which was inhabited until 1901.
Uses and recreation
The area of the Bay of Plenty around the island is renowned for game fishing, with marlin, mako sharks, and swordfish all inhabiting the surrounding waters. Some of the island and the waters close to its shores, however, are now a small marine reserve. There are several tramping tracks around the island, and it is also popular with divers. Mayor Island today is a wildlife refuge. A small number of holiday houses are located in Opo Bay on the south coast of the island. The 2001 census showed a population of three, after zero in 1996 and 12 in 1991 (all figures randomised for privacy on a Base-3 system).
See also
List of islands of New Zealand
List of volcanoes in New Zealand
References
External links
Mayor Island Geology, by B.F. Houghton, C.J.N. Wilson, S.D. Weaver, M.A. Lanphere, and J. Barclay.
Global Volcanism Program: Mayor Island
There is a comprehensive article on Mayor Island in the New Zealand Geographic Magazine, number 3, July–September 1989.
Islands of the Bay of Plenty Region
Shield volcanoes of New Zealand
Calderas of New Zealand
VEI-5 volcanoes
Volcanic crater lakes
Volcanic islands
Polygenetic shield volcanoes
Volcanoes of the Bay of Plenty Region
Whakatane Graben
Volcanoes of the New Zealand seabed
Volcanism of New Zealand
Pleistocene calderas
Holocene calderas
Francis Sheed Anderson (28 February 1897 – 12 September 1966), was a Scottish businessman, civil servant and Liberal Party politician.
Background
He was the son of James Anderson, of Aberdeen. He was educated at Aberdeen Grammar School. He married, in 1921, Helen Forbes Wattie, of Strathdon, Aberdeenshire. They had no children. In 1949, he was awarded a Companion of the Order of the Bath.
World War One
In 1914, he served in the World War I. In 1917, he served in the Indian Army. In 1919, he retired with the rank of captain.
Professional career
In 1920, he became a company director. He became involved as a director with a number of Scottish companies. In 1929, he was a director for Aberdeen Granite Manufacturers, the family business. In 1933, he became President of the Aberdeen Granite Manufacturers Association, serving for three years. In 1940, he became Divisional Food Officer for North East Scotland. In 1943, he became Director of Fish Supplies at the Ministry of Food. In 1946, he became Under Secretary at the Ministry of Food. In 1949, he was appointed Chairman of the International Wheat Council, serving for 10 years. In 1954, he became Executive Director of the International Sugar Council. In 1960, he became Director of the British Sugar Corporation Ltd. In 1964, he became Chairman of the Bacon Market Council.
Political career
In 1929, he was vice-Chairman of South Aberdeen Liberal Association.
In May 1929, he was selected as Liberal candidate for the West Renfrewshire Division for the 1929 General Election. It was not a promising seat and there had been no Liberal candidate at the previous election.
He did not stand for parliament again. In 1935, he was elected to Aberdeen Town Council, serving for five years. In 1935, he became a justice of the peace for the City of Aberdeen, serving for 18 years. In 1935, he was appointed to the Aberdeen Harbour Board, serving for five years.
External links
Obituary in The Times
References
1897 births
1966 deaths
Liberal Party (UK) parliamentary candidates
Oleg Sergeyevich Garin (; born 22 September 1966) is a Russian professional football coach and former player.
He made his professional debut in the Soviet Second League in 1986 for FC Luch Vladivostok.
His nephew Aleksandr Tikhonovetsky is a professional footballer.
Honours
Russian Premier League runner-up: 1995.
Russian Premier League bronze: 1994.
Russian Cup winner: 1996, 1997.
Top 33 year-end best players list: 1992, 1994, 1995.
European club competitions
With FC Lokomotiv Moscow.
UEFA Cup 1993–94: 1 game.
UEFA Cup 1995–96: 2 games.
UEFA Cup Winners' Cup 1996–97: 1 game.
References
1966 births
Living people
People from Nakhodka
Soviet footballers
Russian footballers
Russian football managers
FC Luch Vladivostok players
FC Okean Nakhodka players
Russian Premier League players
FC Lokomotiv Moscow players
FC Lokomotiv Nizhny Novgorod players
FC Elista players
FC Lada-Tolyatti players
FC Okean Nakhodka managers
Association football forwards
Sportspeople from Primorsky Krai
Parrassaurus is an ophthalmosaurid ichthyosaur from the late Jurassic La Caja Formation of Mexico found in 2021. Parrassaurus includes one species, Parrassaurus yacahuitztli.
References
Ophthalmosauridae
Late Jurassic ichthyosaurs
Fossil taxa described in 2021
Ichthyosauromorph genera
Kaliningrad City Hall is the seat of government in Kaliningrad, Russia. It is located at Victory Square.
The building was designed by architect Hanns Hopp in 1923, when the city was known as Königsberg, Germany. It was originally the Handelshof, a trade hall located at the square Hansaplatz (subsequently renamed Adolf-Hitler-Platz in 1934 and now Victory Square) and near the Ostmesse trade fair. By 1927, however, it became the Stadthaus, Königsberg's new city hall. Its predecessor, Kneiphof Town Hall, subsequently became a museum until its destruction during World War II. The Stadthaus was also damaged during World War II, but survived the war.
The building remained the municipal seat of government in post-war Kaliningrad, receiving a new facade.
See also
Altstadt Town Hall
Kneiphof Town Hall
Löbenicht Town Hall
References
City and town halls in Russia
Government buildings completed in 1923
Buildings and structures in Kaliningrad
Lucien Braun (24 February 1923 – 13 March 2020) was a French philosophy historian who specialized in Paracelsus.
Biography
Braun wrote his version of Histoire de l'histoire de la philosophie. At the end of his introduction, he wrote:
"We believe that we have thus opened up the field of research for which we had no model; because when we undertook this study, in 1961, the subject was new. It is already less so today, because works towards a history of the history of philosophy are announced, in Germany by L. Geldsetzer and W. Ehrhardt, in France by M. Gueroult. This means that we are, in fact, participating in a concern that goes beyond us and which, as such, is also part of the development of discipline."
He served as President of the Presses universitaires de Strasbourg and the Université populaire européenne, also in Strasbourg. He was a professor emeritus of Marc Bloch University, of which he was President from 1978 to 1983.
Braun was a Commander of the Ordre des Palmes académiques.
Works
Paracelsus und die Philosophiegeschichte. Eine systematische Betrachtung (1965)
Histoire de l'histoire de la philosophie (1973)
Paracelse, nature et philosophie (1981)
Studia Paracelsica. Grundsätzliche Einführung in Hohenheims Gedankenwelt (1983)
Musique et philosophie (1987)
Paracelse (1988)
Conrad Gesner (1990)
Iconographie et philosophie (1996)
L'Image de la philosophie. Méconnaissance et reconnaissance (2005)
Philosophes et philosophie en représentation : l'iconographie philosophique en question(s) (2010)
References
1923 births
2020 deaths
French historians of philosophy
University of Strasbourg faculty
Roman Musheghyan ( born 13 November 1980) is an Armenian and Russian film-director. He gained a wide popularity due to the TV series Trap which was broadcast in the director's homeland and then was bought to be shown on Russian television.
Biography
Roman Musheghyan was born in Yerevan, the capital of Armenian SSR. He's been into different types of art since childhood. He professionally went in for national dances. The love for literature awakened a desire within him to write himself. He's an author of a series of poems and stories. He became interested in cinematography at the age of 14, when by chance he got acquainted with the famous Armenian film-director Frunze Dovlatyan, who noticed a potential of a future film-director in him.
In 1997 he entered the faculty of culture of Armenian State Pedagogical University after Khachatur Abovyan on the specialty of filmmaking in the studio of Frunze Dovlatyan. He spent his student years in a very difficult period for the Armenian film-industry. After the collapse of the USSR the filmmaking was almost completely suspended. In 1998 he directed his first short film Sit down, please, which was awarded "Ikar" (Armenia) for the best film. In 1999 he directed his first documentary film about human solitude, A portrait from an old family album. His diploma thesis Procession wends its way to hell, directed in 2002, received several awards: in the festival "Debut" for the best direction, a special prize at the Armenian Cinematographers' and Film Journalists' Association, "Golden Dolphine" (Armenia) for the best film. The work was also presented at the Berlin International Film Festival (Germany) in 2003 and at the Potsdam festival Sehsüchte (Germany). In 2004 it was awarded a prize for the best film at the festival "Oscariada" (Poland).
From 2002 to 2004 he served in the army of RA. He directed a series of military-themed documentary films, commissioned by the Ministry of Defence of Armenia.
In 2005 he was employed by the TV channel Shant. The head of the TV channel trusted the director the filming of the first comedy TV-series in the history of the Armenian television - A Family Upside Down. From 2007 to 2009 he directed the television series Trap 1, Trap 2, and Trap 3 (drama, a gangster saga). It became the highest rated project on the Armenian television. The Russian film production "Central Partnership" purchased the license on the production of the thriller TV series. While working at Shant TV he directed the TV series Inheritors and Lucky man.
In 2010 he directed the TV series Beyond for Armenia TV. By order of the Russian producer company "Bergsound" two detective films were directed: Million-dollar murder in 2012 and Pay off in 2013. He is a frequent guest and a jury member at local and international film festivals, held in the region.
Filmography
2007 – Trap (TV Series)
2010 – The Police: Beyond (TV Series)
2012 – Million Dollar Murder
2013 – Pay Off
2014 – The Dead Forest
2015 – The Hotel
References
External links
1980 births
Armenian film directors
Living people
Film people from Yerevan
A teleconverter (sometimes called tele extender) is a secondary lens mounted between a camera and a photographic lens which enlarges the central part of an image obtained by the lens. For example, a 2× teleconverter for a 35 mm camera enlarges the central 12×18 mm part of an image to the size of 24×36 mm in the standard 35 mm film format.
Teleconverters are typically made in 1.4×, 1.7×, 2× and 3× variants, with 1.4× and 2× being the most common.
A 2× teleconverter doubles the apparent focal length of a given lens. Teleconverters also decrease the intensity of the light that reaches the film plane (or sensor) by the square of its magnification. A 2× teleconverter reduces the light to 1/4, doubles the focal ratio and halves the resolution of the master lens it is connected to. This, however, does not necessarily halve the resolution of the digital image.
A closely related device reduces the focal length. It is generally marketed under the name speed booster, though the term telecompressor has also been used. It is used in particular to adapt DSLR lenses to mirrorless cameras. Here the magnification is less than 1, typically 0.71× or 0.64×. In this case, the effective aperture increases accordingly.
Function
A teleconverter works similarly to a telephoto group of a proper telephoto lens. It consists of a group of lenses which together act as a single diverging lens. The location of a teleconverter is such that the image produced by the lens is located behind the teleconverter in a distance smaller than its focal length. This image is a virtual object of the teleconverter, which is then focused further away and thus enlarged. For example, when a single negative lens is placed so that the image formed by the lens is located in the midpoint between the lens and its focal point, then the lens produces the image in its focal point and enlarging it two-fold, thereby acting as a 2× teleconverter.
When used with somewhat slow lenses they may reduce the effective aperture enough that the camera's autofocus system will no longer work; depending on the camera system, this may range from f/5.6 to f/8.
Dedicated teleconverters only work with a limited number of lenses, usually telephoto lenses made by the same manufacturer, or by a third-party manufacturer to a matching standard.
Using a teleconverter with an existing lens is usually less expensive than acquiring a separate, longer telephoto lens, but as the teleconverter is magnifying the existing image circle, it also magnifies any aberrations. The use of a teleconverter also results in a darker image.
Teleside converter
A different type of teleconverter called a teleside converter can be mounted on the front of the camera's lens rather than between the primary lens and the camera body. These are popular with users of video cameras and bridge cameras with fixed lenses, as they represent the only way to add more reach to such a camera. They are usually afocal lenses that do not reduce the brightness of the image, but are more likely to add aberrations to the image, independent of the quality of the main lens.
Versus extension tubes
Teleconverters may be confused with extension tubes, a non-optical component designed to increase magnification (at the expense of reduced focal distance).
See also
Barlow lens
Canon Extender EF
Convertible lens
Nikon F-mount teleconverter
Telecompressor
Teleside converter
References
Photographic lenses
David Gerardo Ramírez Ruiz DR7 (born 28 May 1993) is a Costa Rican professional footballer who plays as a forward for Deportivo Saprissa
Club career
Ramírez is a product of the Saprissa youth system and debuted in the Premier Division in the 2013/14 season. In September 2014, he was suspended for two matches by Saprissa coach Rónald González for alleged misconduct.
On 12 January 2015, Ramírez was loaned out to French club Evian on a six-month deal. On 6 July 2016, he joined Portuguese club Moreirense on a loan deal.
On 21 July 2018, Ramírez joined Cypriot First Division club AC Omonia on a three-year contract.
International career
Ramírez represented Costa Rica at 2015 CONCACAF Gold Cup, scoring one goal in three matches. He also played for the team at 2017 CONCACAF Gold Cup.
International goals
Scores and results list Costa Rica's goal tally first.
Honors
Saprissa
Costa Rican Primera División: 2013–14 Verano
Moreirense
Taça da Liga: 2016–17
Costa Rica
Copa Centroamericana: 2014
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Sportspeople from San José, Costa Rica
Association football forwards
Costa Rican footballers
Costa Rican expatriate footballers
Costa Rica under-20 international footballers
Costa Rica international footballers
Deportivo Saprissa players
Thonon Evian Grand Genève F.C. players
Moreirense F.C. players
AC Omonia players
Liga FPD players
Ligue 1 players
Primeira Liga players
Cypriot First Division players
2014 Copa Centroamericana players
2015 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
2017 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
Copa Centroamericana-winning players
Central American Games silver medalists for Costa Rica
Central American Games medalists in football
Costa Rican expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Costa Rican expatriate sportspeople in France
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in France
Expatriate footballers in Cyprus
The carbonated sierra finch (Porphyrospiza carbonaria), also known as the carbon sierra finch, is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.
It is endemic to Argentina where its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and temperate grassland.
References
carbonated sierra finch
Endemic birds of Argentina
carbonated sierra finch
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
The 1903 State of the Union Address was submitted on Monday, December 7, 1903, by the 26th president of the United States, Theodore Roosevelt, to both houses of the 58th United States Congress.
Concerning immigration to the United States, Roosevelt commented, "We can not have too much immigration of the right kind, and we should have none at all of the wrong kind." Discussing the problem of public corruption, Roosevelt wrote, "There can be no crime more serious than bribery. Other offenses violate one law while corruption strikes at the foundation of all law." Roosevelt described the October 1903 resolution of the Alaska boundary dispute as "satisfactory in every way." Referring approvingly to the submission of the issues of the Venezuelan crisis of 1902–1903 to the Permanent Court of Arbitration in The Hague, Roosevelt wrote, "There seems good ground for the belief that there has been a real growth among the civilized nations of a sentiment which will permit a gradual substitution of other methods than the method of war in the settlement of disputes."
Of the District of Alaska, Roosevelt wrote, "Alaska is situated in the far north; but so are Norway and Sweden and Finland; and Alaska can prosper and play its part in the New World just as those nations have prospered and played their parts in the Old World." Roosevelt also stated, "I recommend that an appropriation be made for building light-houses in Hawaii, and taking possession of those already built. The Territory should be reimbursed for whatever amounts it has already expended for light-houses." Concerning the Philippines, Roosevelt said, "No one people ever benefited another people more than we have benefited the Filipinos by taking possession of the islands." Commending the work of the Bureau of Pensions on pension claims, Roosevelt wrote, "No other class of our citizens deserves so well of the Nation as those to whom the Nation owes its very being, the veterans of the civil war."
In the final part of the address, Roosevelt discussed at length the November 1903 separation of Panama from Colombia and the importance of building a Panama Canal. Roosevelt stated, "For four hundred years, ever since shortly after the discovery of this hemisphere, the canal across the Isthmus has been planned. For two score years it has been worked at. When made it is to last for the ages. It is to alter the geography of a continent and the trade routes of the world... At last the right to begin this great undertaking is made available. Panama has done her part. All that remains is for the American Congress to do its part, and forthwith this Republic will enter upon the execution of a project colossal in its size and of well-nigh incalculable possibilities for the good of this country and the nations of mankind."
References
December 1903 events
Presidency of Theodore Roosevelt
State of the Union addresses
Works by Theodore Roosevelt
57th United States Congress
State of the Union Address
State of the Union
State of the Union Address
State of the Union Address
State of the Union Address
The Augmentation of Benefices Act 1677 (29 Car 2 c 8) was an Act of the Parliament of England.
The whole Act was repealed by section 1 of, and Part II of the Schedule to, the Statute Law (Repeals) Act 1971.
References
Halsbury's Statutes,
Acts of the Parliament of England
1677 in law
1677 in England
The Commission for Regulation on Gambling and Lotteries is a Ukrainian state regulator that deals with licensing and regulation of gambling in Ukraine. The commission was established on September 23, 2020. It is located in Kyiv on Lesia Ukrainka Boulevard, 26. The first gambling licenses were released in February 2021.
Description
On July 14, 2020, the Verkhovna Rada adopted the Law “On State Regulation of Activities on the Organization and Conduct of Gambling” (Law No. 768-IX), which provided for the establishment of a regulatory commission. Boris Baum, a former top manager of the Russian company VS Energy and the Premier hotel chain, drafted the bill. UGLC licenses 5 types of gambling: land-based casinos, online casinos, offline and online bookmakers, slot machines, online poker and lotteries.
On August 11, 2020, 11 types of gambling were legalized in Ukraine. The law allowed all types of gambling, except for lotteries, which are not described in the law adopted in June 2009.
On October 22, 2020, Ivan Rudyi, a Ukrainian soldier, ATO veteran and captain of the Ukrainian national team at the Invictus Games, was appointed the first head of the commission for a term of 4 years. Recruitment of 230 commission members and six regional directors was also announced.
The commission is a state body for control over all licensed activities of casino operators. This is the first such body in the history of Ukraine, which will oversee the legality of the gambling business.
On February, 2021, the commission gave first two licenses Slots City owned by Dutch gambling holding Storm International and Cosmolot, owned by Ukrainian gambling company.
In August, 2021, The National Anti-Corruption Bureau of Ukraine detained Yevhen Hetman, a member of the Commission for Regulation of Gambling and Lotteries, for receiving illegal benefits.
References
Government agencies established in 2020
Ballygilgan also known as The Goose Field is a national nature reserve of approximately on the Maugherow Peninsula in County Sligo, Ireland. It is home to Ireland's biggest mainland flock of barnacle geese. It is managed by the Irish National Parks & Wildlife Service.
Features
Ballygilgan was legally protected as a national nature reserve by the Irish government in 1986. The nature reserve, also known as The Goose Field, goosefield, or Seafield is located near the Lissadell estate. The reserve was founded to protect the large number of barnacle geese who overwinter at the site, whose numbers were in decline in the 1970s.
During the summer months, the pasture is grazed by sheep and cattle. The name The Goose Field comes from the large numbers of barnacle geese who overwinter on the site, grazing and living at the seasonal freshwater pond. The population of geese is usually around 3000 birds, Ireland's biggest mainland flock, which arrive in October and live at the reserve until April. Other waterfowl and waders also inhabit the site over winter, including teal and wigeon ducks, pintails, shovelers, redshanks, greenshanks, bar-tailed godwits, golden plovers, lapwings and dunlins. Chaffinches, bramblings, greenfinches, goldfinches, and buntings live near a cereal patch, in which oats and linseed have been planted, at the eastern end of the site.
References
Landforms of County Sligo
Protected areas of County Sligo
Tourist attractions in County Sligo
Nature reserves in the Republic of Ireland
Protected areas established in 1986
1986 establishments in Ireland
Katin is the surname of the following people:
Brendan Katin (born 1983), American baseball player
Miriam Katin (born 1942), Hungarian-born American graphic novelist
Peter Katin (1930–2015), British classical pianist and pedagogue
Elena Katina (born 1984), Russian singer and songwriter
See also
Katina (disambiguation)
Sevierville Commercial Historic District is a historic district in Sevierville, Tennessee. It has 21 contributing buildings along sections of Bruce Street, Court Avenue, and Commerce Street including the Sevier County Courthouse (which is separately NRHP-listed). The courthouse was built in 1896 one block south of the town square where the former courthouse was located.
Buildings in the district are:
136 E. Bruce Street
132 E. Bruce Street
120 E. Bruce Street (c.1970), non-contributing
118 E. Bruce Street (c.1925), one-story brick building
110-114 E. Bruce Street
158 Court Avenue, Yett store
150 Court Avenue
138-142 Court Avenue
134 Court Avenue
128 Court Avenue
120 Court Avenue
112-118 Court Avenue
110 Court Avenue
115-117 Court Avenue
119 Court Avenue
121 Court Avenue
111 Commerce Street (c.1930), two-story building with a second story balcony and a stepped parapet
Sevier County Courthouse
102 W. Bruce Street (1906), two-story brick wholesale house for the M. Yett and Son merchandise company. As of 1986, had its "original doors, arched windows and corbelled brick cornice."
101 E. Bruce Street (1923), three-story building with stepped parapet, originally the First National Bank
105 E. Bruce Street
123-125 E. Bruce Street
129 E. Bruce Street, and
131 E. Bruce Street.
References
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Tennessee
National Register of Historic Places in Sevier County, Tennessee
Buildings and structures completed in 1896
Nova revija may refer to:
Nova revija (Croatian magazine), a theological magazine in Croatia published from 1922 till 1941
Nova revija (magazine), a magazine in Slovenia established in 1982
Nova revija (publishing company), a publishing house in Slovenia
American rapper B.G. has released ten studio albums, twenty-one singles, one promotional single and eleven music videos.
Albums
Studio albums
Collaboration albums
Singles
As lead artist
As featured artist
Promotional singles
Guest appearances
Music videos
As lead artist
As featured artist
Notes
References
External links
Hip hop discographies
Discographies of American artists
The Paradise Theatre is a movie theatre located at 1006 Bloor Street West in the Bloorcourt Village neighbourhood of Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It first opened in 1937, closed in 2006, and then was to be turned into a pharmacy. However, it was restored and re-opened on December 5, 2019. The renovations included luxury features, such as an attached restaurant, bar, and table service to the premium patrons in the balcony.
Overview
Architect Benjamin Brown designed the theatre in the Art Deco style. As originally built, the theatre provided 643 seats, 177 of them in a small balcony. It also had a small stage, and two dressing rooms, for live acts.
According to local historian Doug Taylor, the theatre had multiple owners over the years. It showed erotic films in the 1980s that Taylor described as so mild they could be shown on broadcast television today. From the 1990s until its 2006 closure, it was one of a small network of Toronto repertory cinemas.
In 2007, the building was given a heritage designation which, in theory, would prevent it from being demolished. However, Taylor noted that Toronto's heritage designation bylaws were weak, and its designation was not a guarantee that it would not be torn down.
The building was bought in 2013 by Moray Tawse, a co-founder of First National Financial Corporation. In a profile celebrating its re-opening, Toronto Star movie critic Peter Howell wrote that Tawse was motivated to restore it by his love of a cinema of similar vintage, where his mother worked when he was a child.
After Tawse's renovations, the theatre now seats 186 patrons on the ground floor, while the balcony has just 22 seats. His renovations include provision for live acts. Tawse's renovations also included turning the small Italian grocery store next door into a restaurant, and adding a second storey to hold a bar - both to open in 2020.
On December 5, 2019, the night of the re-opening, the theatre hosted an instance of the Basement Revue, an ongoing series of live performances.
References
External links
Cinemas and movie theatres in Toronto
Theatres in Toronto
Eudendrium racemosum is a marine species of cnidaria, a hydroid (Hydrozoa) in the family Eudendriidae. It was described by Cavolini in 1785. Hydroids are one of the most abundant organisms in hard-substratum benthic communities, more specifically in temperate seas, such as the Mediterranean. Similar to most modular organisms, they have high growth rates. In fact, E racemosum has been frequently found in northeastern Spain, specifically in Medes Islands, showing a maximum population density in summer with a minimal density during the winter (this is when it typically exists as dormant stolon). Their rapid growth coupled with their ability to store the necessary material to survive the winter is due to their efficient feeding and digestive methods.
References
Eudendrium
Animals described in 1785
James Kevin Rankin (born May 28, 1964) is a Canadian country and folk artist. A member of The Rankin Family, Rankin has also released seven solo albums: Song Dog (2001), Handmade (2003), Edge of Day (2007), Forget About the World (2011), Tinsel Town (2012), Back Road Paradise (2014) and Moving East (2018). Rankin's solo and Rankin Family awards include 5 Junos, 27 East Coast Music Awards, 9 SOCAN top radio play Awards, 7 Canadian Country Music Awards, 2 Music NS Awards, and 2 Canadian Radio Music Awards.
Early years
Rankin was born in 1964 in Mabou, Nova Scotia. He grew up as part of a musical family that would entertain the neighbors every third weekend as part of the local céilidh. This group became known as The Rankin Family and went on to achieve international success in the 1990s as they brought their well-loved mix of Cape Breton traditional music, roots and pop to the rest of the world.
Musical career
2001–2002: Song Dog
After embarking on a solo career, Rankin released his debut album, Song Dog in August 2001. Three singles were released from the album, "Followed Her Around", "Midnight Angel", and "Wasted". "Followed Her Around" was named the "Single of the Year" award at the SOCAN Awards in 2002. The song also was named "Single of the Year" and "Video of the Year" from the East Coast Music Association. Song Dog was named "Album of the Year" at the Canadian Country Music Awards and at the East Coast Music Awards. In 2003, "Midnight Angel" was named "Single of the Year" and Rankin was named SOCAN Songwriter of the Year at the East Coast Music Awards.
2003–2004: Handmade
Handmade was released in September 2003 and produced three singles, "Morning Bound Train", "Butterfly", and "California Dreamer". It was named "Album of the Year" and "Roots/Traditional Solo Recording of the Year" at the East Coast Music Awards in 2003. "Morning Bound Train" was named "Single of the Year" and Rankin was named SOCAN Songwriter of the Year at the ECMA's. "Butterfly" was named "Single of the Year" and "Video of the Year" at the ECMA's in 2005. Rankin also received SOCAN Songwriter of the Year for the song.
2006–2007: Edge of Day
After a brief hiatus, Edge of Day was released in May 2007 and produced three singles, "Slipping Away", "Got to Leave Louisiana", and "Still Lovers Now". In 2008, Rankin was named Songwriter of the Year at the Canadian Country Music Awards for the song, "First Time in a Long Time" with Deric Ruttan. At the East Coast Music Awards, Edge of Day was named Country Recording of the Year, FACTOR Recording of the Year and Konica Minolta Male Solo Recording of the Year. He was also awarded SOCAN Songwriter of the Year for the song, "Slipping Away".
2011–2012: Forget About the World
Forget About the World was released in April 2011 and has released three singles, "Here in My Heart", "I'm Just Saying" and "The Hurtin' Part". Forget About the World was nominated fore Juno for Country Recording of the Year and a record breaking 8 ECMAs including: Recording of the Year, Entertainer of the Year, Song of the Year, Video of the Year, Country Album of the Year, Video of the Year and Songwriter of the Year. In September 2011, Rankin won a CCMA for "Roots Artist of the Year" and in November 2011 he won the Music Nova Scotia "SOCAN Songwriter of the Year" Award as well as a SOCAN top radio play award for his song "Up All Night". The accolades continued in December with Rankin's fans naming him one of CBC Radio's Top 50 Artists of 2011. Rankin's song "Here in My Heart" was named the number one Canadian Country song of 2011 by Top Country. Rankin won "Roots Artist of the Year" for the second year in a row in September 2012.
2012–2013: Tinsel Town
The Christmas themed album Tinsel Town was released on November 6, 2012. Rankin embarked on Cross-Canada tours in support of the effort in November and December 2012 and 2013. The album, produced by Bill Bell (Jason Mraz, Tom Cochrane), contains four original songs: "Tinseltown", "December", "Boogie Woogie Christmas" and "Don't Wanna Say Goodbye to Christmas". The CD package has a unique feature that allows it to be sent in the mail as a Christmas card.
2014–present: Back Road Paradise and Moving East
Rankin released his sixth full-length album, Back Road Paradise, produced by Bill Bell, on April 1, 2014. Back Road Paradise features 12 brand-new Rankin compositions, including lead-off single "Cool Car" and duets with Grammy winner and bluegrass icon Alison Krauss, as well as Blue Rodeo's Jim Cuddy. After living and working in Nashville for seven years, Rankin returned to his home province of Nova Scotia. His latest album, Moving East, was produced by Joel Plaskett and was issued in September 2018. It is his first album for True North Records.
Discography
Albums
Singles
Other charted songs
Music videos
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Official Site
1964 births
Canadian country singer-songwriters
Canadian folk singer-songwriters
Canadian male singer-songwriters
Living people
Musicians from Nova Scotia
People from Inverness County, Nova Scotia
Samadiyeh () may refer to:
Samadiyeh, Khuzestan
Samadiyeh, Razavi Khorasan
Telford Homes is a housebuilding company that specialises in developments in non-prime areas of London.
In April 2018 it was reported that Telford Homes was expecting record profits and revenues for the financial year 2017/18 as a result of London's shortage of housing.
In October 2019 Telford Homes was acquired by CBRE Group's real estate development subsidiary Trammell Crow Company in a £267 million deal.
References
External links
Home builders
The 1958-59 French Rugby Union Championship was contested by 56 clubs divided in seven pools of eight clubs.
The four better of each pool and the four better classified as 5th (for a sum of 32 clubs) were qualified for the final phase.
The Championship was won by Lourdes who beat the Béziers in the final.
Context
The 1960 Five Nations Championship was won by France and by Ireland.
The Challenge Yves du Manoir was won by Mont-de-Marsan that beat the Béziers (9-9 the score but Mont de Maresan won for the number of tries scored)
Qualification round
In bold the qualified to "last 32" phase
"Last 32"
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
"Last 16"
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Quarter of finals
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Semifinals
The Béziers because with the same number of point and tries, had a better number of penalties (1 –0, Pau score only a drop)
Final
Lourdes team was renewed from the previous year because of the retirement of Maurice and Jean Prat, The farewell of François Labazuy (moved to Tarbes), Henri Rancoule (to Touloun), Pierre Lacaze and Jean Barthe (to play rugby league). The departures were compensated by the arrivals of Michel Crauste and Arnaud Marquesuzaa and Roland Crancée.
Notes and References
External links
Compte rendu finale de 1960 lnr.fr
1960
France 1960
Championship
The 2012–13 GFF National Super League is the 15th season of the competition.
Table
References
GFF Elite League seasons
Guyana
football
football
John Yems (born London, 28 August 1959) is an English professional football manager, who was most recently manager of Crawley Town.
Playing career
As a player, Yems was a member of the reserve teams of Crystal Palace, Reading and Millwall, before suffering a knee injury that forced him to retire. Due to an injury crisis, he played for Horsham at centre-back whilst manager of the club.
Coaching career
Whilst coaching at the Fulham academy, Yems took up the manager role at Horsham in December 1992 after manager Peter Evans was sacked following a 1–0 defeat at home to Petersfield United. Whilst manager at Horsham, Yems chose to play himself for multiple matches due to an injury crisis. Yems left the club four matches from the end of the 1993–94 season. Yems had a spell coaching Dulwich Hamlet in the late 1990s.
Yems had coaching roles at Fulham and Millwall before, in 2006, he was appointed as one of three joint caretaker managers at Crawley Town following the sacking of John Hollins. Yems was sacked at the end of that season, and then joined Grays Athletic, initially as chief scout and becoming first team coach in October 2007. He left the club by mutual consent in January 2008. Yems was appointed as assistant manager at Exeter City in February 2008, but left in July 2009, since he lived in Sussex and did not wish to relocate. In October 2009, Yems took on a scouting role for Torquay United. Following a spell as a coach at Gillingham, Yems was appointed as football operations manager by Bournemouth in 2012, remaining until 2018, when the club stated that they could not afford to keep him.
On 5 December 2019, Yems was appointed as manager of League Two side Crawley Town, after some time acting as a scout for several teams, including Newcastle United. On 30 January 2020, he extended his contract at Crawley until the end of the 2022–23 season. After winning three and drawing four of Crawley's seven matches in December 2020, Yems was nominated for the EFL League Two Managers of the Month award for December 2020, but lost out to Derek Adams of Morecambe.
2022 racism allegations
On 23 April 2022, Yems was suspended by Crawley following “serious and credible accusations” that he used discriminatory language and behaviour towards his players. On 4 May 2022, The Football Association announced they were performing an investigation into Yems' conduct, after the Daily Mail published allegations from an unnamed player that Yems had used racial slurs towards black and Asian players, and that changing rooms in the training ground were racially segregated. The following day, the Professional Footballers' Association revealed that it had started an investigation, after seven current Crawley Town players contacted them with allegations of racist language and behaviour at the club. This meant that there were three separate investigations into Yems' behaviour ongoing; from Crawley Town themselves, the FA and the PFA. Yems has denied the accusations. On 6 May 2022, Crawley Town confirmed that they had mutually agreed to part ways with Yems. On 28 July 2022, Yems was charged by the FA with racial discrimination, accused of making sixteen comments that had a reference to either ethnic origin, race, nationality, gender or colour between 2019 and 2022.
Personal life
Yems lives in Horsham.
Managerial statistics
References
External links
1959 births
Living people
Fulham F.C. non-playing staff
Millwall F.C. non-playing staff
Crawley Town F.C. non-playing staff
Exeter City F.C. non-playing staff
Gillingham F.C. non-playing staff
AFC Bournemouth non-playing staff
Crawley Town F.C. managers
English Football League managers
English football managers
Association football coaches
Association football scouts
Torquay United F.C. non-playing staff
Newcastle United F.C. non-playing staff
Crystal Palace F.C. players
Reading F.C. players
Millwall F.C. players
English footballers
Horsham F.C. players
Association football defenders
Miss Universe Spain 2019 was the seventh edition of the Miss Universe Spain pageant, held on September 18, 2019. The winner was Natalie Ortega Tafjord of Barcelona and she represented Spain in Miss Universe 2019. This was the first and only edition under the Jorge Diez Vanila directorship of the Be Miss Organization. The following year they dissociated themselves from the Miss Universe franchise in Spain. The license then goes to the Nuestra Belleza España Organization after this.
Final results
Special Awards
Official Delegates
Notes
Withdrawals
Cantabria
Galicia
Salamanca
Valencia
Zaragoza
Did not compete
Almería
Araba
Asturias
Ávila
Badajoz
Burgos
Cáceres
Cádiz
Castellón
Castilla-La Mancha
Castile and León
Ciudad Real
Córdoba
Cuenca
Gerona
Guadalajara
Guipúzcoa
Huelva
Huesca
Jaén
La Coruña
La Rioja
León
Lérida
Lugo
Málaga
Melilla
Navarra
Orense
Pontevedra
Soria
Teruel
Toledo
Valladolid
Vizcaya
Zamora
References
External links
Universe Spain
Miss Spain
September 2019 events in Spain
2019 in Madrid
This is a list of films produced and/or distributed by Lionsgate. Since 1997, about 400 films have been released. As of November 2017, Lionsgate's films grossed approximately $8.2 billion.
References
External links
Lionsgate Publicity website
Upcoming Movies from Lionsgate at Box Office Mojo
Lionsgate Box Office History at The Numbers
Lionsgate
Lionsgate
Podolsk () is the name of several inhabited localities in Russia.
Urban localities
Podolsk, a city in Moscow Oblast; administratively incorporated as a city under oblast jurisdiction
Rural localities
Podolsk, Republic of Bashkortostan, a selo in Tanalyksky Selsoviet of Khaybullinsky District of the Republic of Bashkortostan
Podolsk, Novosibirsk Oblast, a village in Bagansky District of Novosibirsk Oblast
Podolsk, Omsk Oblast, a village in Roshchinsky Rural Okrug of Gorkovsky District of Omsk Oblast
Podolsk, Orenburg Oblast, a selo in Podolsky Selsoviet of Krasnogvardeysky District of Orenburg Oblast
Podolsk, Tomsk Oblast, a selo in Bakcharsky District of Tomsk Oblast
The 2022–23 season is Associazione Calcio Monzas first season in the Serie A, the first level of Italian football, following their promotion in the 2021–22 season. They are also participating in the Coppa Italia, the Italian domestic cup.
Pre-season and friendlies
Monza played six pre-season friendly games in July 2022.
Results list Monza's goal tally first.
Serie A
Matches
Results list Monza's goal tally first.
League table
Coppa Italia
Monza entered the round of 64 in the Coppa Italia, and played at home against Serie B side Frosinone on 7 August 2022. They won 3–2, via two first-half penalty goals, and advanced to the round of 32 against Serie A side Udinese.
Results list Monza's goal tally first.
Player details
|}
Transfers
Summer
Winter
Notes
References
External links
A.C. Monza seasons
Monza
Low Street railway station was on the Tilbury loop line segment of the London, Tilbury and Southend line, at a level crossing near the villages of West Tilbury and East Tilbury, Essex.
It was situated between and stations and was down the line from London Fenchurch Street station via Tilbury.
It was opened in 1861 and closed on 5 June 1967. Low Street was not on the 1963 list of passenger stations to be closed under the Beeching cuts.
A through goods loop was located on the down line to the north of the station, this closed on 29 September 1964. There were also sidings associated with gravel workings south and east of the station.
References
Transport in Thurrock
Disused railway stations in Essex
Former London, Tilbury and Southend Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1861
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1967
1861 establishments in England
WWFM (FM, "The Classical Network") is a classical music radio station owned and operated by Mercer County Community College. The flagship station is licensed to the Trenton/Princeton area and operates from the West Windsor campus of MCCC. The Classical Network owns and operates WWFM, WWNJ, WWCJ, and WWPJ. It also broadcasts in the Philadelphia market on digital (HD) radio on 89.5 HD2.
The Classical Network offers exclusive specialty programs including The Piano Matters, What Makes It Great, Between the Keys, Kids on Keys, PostClassical, The Dress Circle, Sounds Choral, Well-Tempered Baroque, Distant Mirror, Half Past, In A Broadway Minute, The Lyric Stage, The Lost Chord, Picture Perfect, Bach at One, Celebrating Our Music Future, and Celebrating Our Musical Community. The Classical Network partners with prestigious music schools, professional ensembles and concert series presenters for concert broadcasts including Princeton University, Westminster Choir College, Manhattan School of Music, Columbia University, Mannes School of Music, Rutgers University, Temple University, Oberlin College, Northwestern University, The New Jersey Symphony Orchestra, The Princeton Symphony Orchestra and The Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton.
The Classical Network is award-winning, having won the 2014 ASCAP Foundation Deems Taylor/Virgil Thomson Radio Broadcast Award for WWFM and for the program "Cadenza," produced and hosted by David Osenberg. In 2017 WWFM Artist-in-Residence Jed Distler won the ASCAP Foundation Deems Taylor/Virgil Thomson Award for his WWFM program "Between the Keys." "The Piano Matters" host David Dubal has also been recognized with an ASCAP Foundation Deems Taylor/Virgil Thomson Award as well as with a George Foster Peabody Award for his previous work in radio and as an author. WWFM hosts Rachel Katz and Bill Zagorski have been recognized with a New Jersey Society of Professional Journalists Award for the program "Vera's Story," a story of survival through the Holocaust. WWFM's Ted Otten and Michael Kownacky have been awarded a National Federation of Community Broadcasters Silver Reel Award for their program "The Dress Circle."
In addition to the radio frequencies listed below, The Classical Network and JazzOn2 stream at www.wwfm.org.
HD multicasts
WWFM-HD2 is "JazzOn2", which runs a traditional Jazz format. WWFM-HD3 is "Viking 89", MCCC student radio. WXPN's XPoNential Radio service airs on the HD3 when Mercer students are not on the air.
"JazzOn2" is also on the HD2 channel of WWNJ.
Other Classical Network stations
The Classical Network's programming is also available on the HD2 channel of WYPA in Cherry Hill, New Jersey on 89.5 HD2.
Translators
External links
WFM
Classical music radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1982
NPR member stations
WFM
1982 establishments in New Jersey
WFM
Boscana is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Gerónimo Boscana, early nineteenth-century Franciscan missionary in Spanish and Mexican California
Lucy Boscana (1915–2001), actress and a pioneer in Puerto Rico's television industry
See also
Boşcana, commune in Criuleni district, Moldova
Orosius is a genus of leafhopper in the tribe Opsiini and the subfamily Deltocephalinae. The genus was revised by Ghauri in 1966. Species can be differentiated by the shape of the aedeagus.
Species
There are seven known species including:
Orosius albicinctus Distant: type species
Orosius canberrensis (Evans, 1938), Australia
Orosius lotophagorum (Kirkaldy, 1907), Australia
Orosius orientalis (Evans, 1938), the common brown leafhopper, Australia
References
External links
Orosius on www1.dpi.nsw.gov.au
Cicadellidae genera
Opsiini
NKVD Order No. 00447 of July 30, 1937 (, "About operation to repress former kulaks, criminals, and other anti-Soviet elements") was signed by Nikolai Yezhov and approved by the Politburo during the Great Purge.
To execute this order, numerous NKVD troikas were created on republican and various regional levels (krai and oblast). Investigation was to be performed by operative groups "in a speedy and simplified way", the results were to be delivered to troikas for trials.
The chairman of a troika was the chief of the corresponding territorial subdivision of NKVD (People's Commissar of a republican NKVD, etc.). Usually a troika included the prosecutor of the republic/krai/oblast in question; if not, he or she was allowed to be present at the session of a troika. The third person was usually the Communist Party secretary of the corresponding regional level. The staff of these troikas were personally specified in the Order No. 00447.
Protocols of a troika session were passed to the corresponding operative group for executions of sentences. Times and places of executions of death sentences were ordered to be held in secret.
That same order instructed to classify kulaks and other anti-Soviet elements into two categories: the First category (Category I) of repressed was subject to death by shooting, the Second category (Category II) was to be sent to GULAG correctional-labor camps. The order also set upper limits per territory and category of social classes (proletariat, peasant, kulak, bourgeois, others).
For example, the Byelorussian SSR was estimated to have 2,000 (Cat. I) & 10,000 (Cat. II), a total of 12,000 anti-Soviet social elements. It was specifically stressed that limits were estimates and could not be exceeded without personal approval of Yezhov. But in practice this approval was easy to obtain, and eventually these initial limits were exceeded by orders of magnitude. One instance on July 23, 1938, the Omsk NKVD chief named Gorbach requested an increased limit of thousands of more executions, since his men had already fulfilled their plan; the request was approved by Stalin personally, who promoted Gorbach to a larger district. By the autumn of 1937, the pressure to achieve arrests was so great that the NKVD interrogators began picking out names from the telephone directory or preselecting married men with children who, as every agent knew, were the quickest to confess. Within 1939, the system of repression was bursting at the seams—one tenth of the population might be arrested, but not half.
After this Order, the terms First/Second Category became standard abbreviations in NKVD documentation for "the highest measure of punishment" and "placing into corrective labor camps", respectively.
The article III the Order of Conducting the Operation instructed to start the action for securing the anti-Soviet social elements on August 5, 1937 and finish it in four-month term.
The implementation was swift. By August 15, 1937, 101,000 were arrested and 14,000 convicted. By the end of 1938, the NKVD had executed 386,798 Soviet citizens to fulfil order 00447.
References
Wikisource
Full text in Russian language
NKVD
Government documents of the Soviet Union
Great Purge
Carvin may refer to the following people:
Given name
Carvin Goldstone (born 1984), South African comedian
Carvin Nkanata (born 1991), American-born Kenyan sprinter
Surname
Andy Carvin, American entrepreneur
Chad Carvin (born 1974), American swimmer
Jim Carvin (1929–2009), American political consultant
Louis-Albert Carvin (1875–1951), French sculptor
Michael Carvin (born 1944), American jazz drummer
The Mikron Theatre Company is an English touring theatre company, founded in 1972, which is notable for its tours by canal boat during the summer months, and by road in the spring and autumn. The company believes itself to be the only theatre company in the world which tours by narrowboat.
History
The company had its origins in an Edinburgh Fringe show in 1963. The name "Mikron", as well as being a Greek word meaning "small", is derived from the names of the trio who went to Edinburgh in 1963: MIKe Lucas, Sarah CameRON and RON Legge. In 1972 the company performed its first waterways-themed production, and in 1975 it acquired its narrowboat, Tyseley.
Activities
The company is based in the town of Marsden, in West Yorkshire, although it spends the summer touring throughout the UK canal network. It claims to be "the UK's most prolific theatre company" and in 2018 performed in 130 venues.
The company is a registered charity and describes its activities as "Theatre anywhere for everyone by canal, river and road".
In 2017 the company offered 151 performances of its two commissioned plays, to a total audience of 14,668 made up of audience sizes from 14 to 250 but averaging 97, at 81% average occupancy and with 43 shows sold out, in 83 local authority areas.
On 17 March 2020 the company announced that its 2020 tour, due to start on 18 April 2020, was cancelled because of the coronavirus pandemic. They had started to rehearse Atalanta Forever but not A Dog's Tale. Both productions were first performed in June 2021, out of doors, with a touring programme of outside venues booked for the rest of the season.
Productions
In 2015 it toured two shows: Raising Agents, written by Maeve Larkin and with music by O'Hooley & Tidow, which celebrated the centenary of the Women's Institutes, and One of Each written by Deborah McAndrew, about fish and chips and much else.
Mikron's 2016 tour featured Canary Girls by Laurence Peacock, about 1914 munitions factory workers (who were known as Canary girls because their skin turned yellow from working with toxic substances), and PURE by Richard Vergette, about the chocolate industry now and in the past.
In 2017 Mikron performed In At The Deep End about the RNLI by Laurence Peacock and Best Foot Forward about the Youth Hostels Association, by Maeve Larkin. Several performances took place in RNLI stations and YHA hostels respectively.
In 2018 Mikron performed Get Well Soon about the NHS in its 70th year, by Ged Cooper, and Revolting Women about suffrage to commemorate the centenary of the Representation of the People Act 1918 by Vashti Maclachlan. Maclachlan has previously acted in the company and directed their 2009 production Tales of the Thames, which was written by her husband Richard Povall.
In 2019 the company presented Redcoats, a play about Butlins holiday camps by Nick Ahad and All Hands on Deck about the Wrens by Vashti MacLachlan. Their 9 August performance at the Toad Gin Distillery supported by British Naturism and Naturism Oxford is believed to be "the first professional theatre performance for a naturist audience, ever, in the UK. Their 31 August performance of All Hands on Deck took place in Liverpool's Western Approaches Museum, the setting for a scene in the play.
For 2020 the company commissioned A Dog's Tale by Poppy Holman about pedigree dogs and Crufts, and Atalanta Forever by Amanda Whittington about women's football and the short-lived Huddersfield Atalanta Ladies' Football Club, but the tour was cancelled. Both shows were performed in 2021.
In 2022 the company revived the 2015 show, Raising Agents, and commissioned a new play, Red Sky at Night, written by Lindsay Rodden, about weather forecasting.
Narrowboat Tyseley
The company's narrowboat Tyseley was built in 1936 for the Grand Union Canal Carrying Company. She was built at Northwich by W.J.Yarwood & Sons Ltd. She is long and wide. She is registered with National Historic Ships.
Tyseley is a district of Birmingham near the Grand Union Canal.
References
Further reading
External links
Canals in the United Kingdom
Theatre companies in England
1972 establishments in England
The Mad Lover is a 1917 American silent drama film directed by Léonce Perret and starring Robert Warwick, Elaine Hammerstein and Valentine Petit.
Cast
Robert Warwick as Robert Hyde
Elaine Hammerstein as Clarice
Valentine Petit as Mrs. Grosvenor
Edward Kimball as The Pastor
Georges Flateau as Count Vinzaglio
Frank McGlynn Sr. as Lawyer Robertson
References
Bibliography
Robert B. Connelly. The Silents: Silent Feature Films, 1910-36, Volume 40, Issue 2. December Press, 1998.
External links
1917 films
1917 drama films
1910s English-language films
American silent feature films
Silent American drama films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by Léonce Perret
Pathé Exchange films
1910s American films
The following notable lakes are completely or partially within the borders of the nation of Israel:
Sea of Galilee
Hula Valley
Dead Sea*
Rishon LeZion lake
Dalton lake
Qaraoun lake
Zohar lake
Agam lake
Ayanot lake
Darom lake
Yesodot lake
Netser Hazani lake
Mahoz marsh
Note: the dead sea is known more as the third Israeli sea for its salty water.
See also
Israel
Lakes
The 1967 Mongolian National Championship was the fourth recorded edition of the Mongolian National Championship for football, with the first tournament taking place in 1955 and no tournament held in 1965. It would appear however that championships were contested between 1956 and 1963, as sources note that a team called Aldar, the Mongolian Army Sports Club, won the title on numerous occasions during that time. Nonetheless, the 1967 national championship was won by Tengeriin Bugnuud, a team from Bat-Ölzii, a sum (district) of Övörkhangai Province in southern Mongolia, their first title.
References
Mongolia Premier League seasons
Mongolia
Mongolia
football
The 1979 Volvo International was a men's professional tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in North Conway, New Hampshire in the United States and was part of the 1979 Colgate-Palmolive Grand Prix. It was the 7th edition of the tournament and was held from July 30 through August 5, 1979. Fourth-seeded Harold Solomon won the singles title.
Finals
Singles
Harold Solomon defeated José Higueras 5–7, 6–4, 7–6
It was Solomon's 2nd title of the year and the 18th of his career.
Doubles
Ion Ţiriac / Guillermo Vilas defeated John Sadri / Tim Wilkison 6–4, 7–6
It was Ţiriac's 2nd title of the year and the 22nd of his career. It was Vilas' 4th title of the year and the 60th of his career.
References
External links
ITF tournament edition details
Volvo International
Volvo International
Volvo International
Volvo International
Volvo International
Hugh May (13 October 1882 – 1944) was a Scottish footballer who played in the Football League for Derby County.
His elder brother John was also a footballer and was capped by Scotland.
References
1882 births
1944 deaths
Scottish footballers
English Football League players
Association football forwards
Wishaw F.C. players
Rangers F.C. players
Derby County F.C. players
Fulham F.C. players
Sportspeople from Shotts
Footballers from North Lanarkshire
Kubat is a surname.
Those bearing it includes:
Bohumil Kubát (1935–2016) Czechoslovakian wrestler
Michaela Kubat (born 1969), German footballer
Kubat (singer) (born 1974), Turkish singer
Çağla Kubat (born 1979), Turkish model & actress
Enes Kubat, Turkish footballer
Mike Kubat, Canadian television writer
Other uses
Kubat Pasha Madrasa, a historic building in Tarsus district of Mersin Province, Turkey
Turkish-language surnames
Charles McGill (1964 – July 9, 2017) was an artist based in Peekskill, New York.
Early life and education
McGill attended School of Visual Arts and earned his MFA at the Maryland Institute College of Art in 1989. He was an artist in residence in 1987. He was a classically trained painter that evolved into making sculpture.
Career
In the work McGill was best known for, he used found objects to create sculptures and performances, particularly with references to golf as a metaphor, to critique politics surrounding race, gender and class. Part of this work included a line of decorations and accessories for black golfers. In another series from this work the artist deconstructed golf bags and sewed them onto a canvas stretcher, referencing abstract painting but on closer inspection also referencing the hoods of Ku Klux Klan.
His work has been exhibited at the Wadsworth Atheneum Museum of Art, the Virginia Museum of Fine Art, the Boca Raton Museum of Art, the Baltimore Museum of Art, and the Norton Museum of Art. He received a grant from Art Matters, the New York Foundation of the Arts in 2009, the Pollock-Krasner Foundation in 2014 and the Joan Mitchell Foundation in 2015. His work is in the permanent collection of Bridge Golf Learning Center in Harlem.
McGill taught art at Borough of Manhattan Community College, The School of Visual Arts, The Maryland Institute College of Art, Norwalk Community College and Westchester Community College.
McGill died at age 53 in 2017 from complications with cancer treatment. His work is represented by Pavel Zoubok Gallery.
References
External links
Pavel Zoubok Gallery
2017 deaths
1964 births
Maryland Institute College of Art alumni
Skowhegan School of Painting and Sculpture alumni
One Jump Ahead may refer to:
One Jump Ahead (film), a 1955 British film
One Jump Ahead (novel), a 1972 Canadian novel
One Jump Ahead, a 2007 science fiction novel by Mark L. Van Name
One Jump Ahead (song), a 1992 song from Walt Disney's Aladdin
Five Stars Fujian is a bulk carrier launched in 2009. In May 2016 it was stranded off Gladstone in Queensland, Australia. It was carrying $40 million AUD of coal and the crew of the ship lacked food, fuel and wages for the return to China.
The vessel was detained from July to September 2016. After that was lifted the vessel was banned from returning to Australian ports for 12 months. Australian Maritime Safety Authority General Manager of Ship Safety Allan Schwartz stated: “The crew of the Five Stars Fujian have been forsaken off the Australian coast for over two months, with limited supplies and thousands of dollars of unpaid wages..This is a completely unacceptable way for a company to treat their crew and this kind of conduct will not be tolerated in Australia.”
The vessel was to be auctioned on Taobao in May 2018. It was detained at Fengchenggang port in Guangxi.
References
Bulk carriers
2009 ships
The Hyperion XP-1 is a hydrogen-powered one-off sports car developed and manufactured by American California-based automobile manufacturer Hyperion Motors. Unveiled to the public on August 12, 2020, it is the first one-off car built by the brand.
Specifications
The XP-1 is touted by Hyperion to be the first hydrogen-powered "supercar" and has a top range of 1016 miles, assuming that 55% of the driving is city and 45% is on the highway. The XP-1's curb weight comes out to 1248 kg (2751 lb), typical of many other petrol-powered supercars in that field, due to an ultra-light carbon-titanium monocoque chassis. The 1016-mile range of the XP-1 is possible due to a bigger hydrogen tank than other hydrogen-powered vehicles such as the Toyota Mirai, or the Honda Clarity. The CEO of Hyperion Motors, Angelo Kafantaris, wants to make an infrastructure of hydrogen-refueling stations, similar to Tesla's Supercharger network. However, there will be fewer stations to recharge tanks of hydrogen due to the long range of the XP-1. The XP-1 is powered by 4 electric motors, one at each wheel, which by the main fuel cell, making it capable of a top speed of 221 mph (356 km/h) and a 0 to 60 mph (100 km/h) time of 2.2 seconds. The XP-1 comes with a 3-speed automatic transmission, and huge amounts of power are possible through ultracapacitors, which help increase the power output of the fuel cell to the electric motors.
Design
The XP-1 took nearly a decade of development from the design to actual feasibility. The body includes active aerodynamic elements that double as solar panels to get more energy. The double-barrel exhaust stacks allow deionized water vapor to come out as the only exhaust. The interior of the XP-1 features a 98-inch display that can be controlled by hand gestures, along with a 134-inch glass canopy. The V-wing doors are inspired by the "Winged Victory of Samothrace," according to Hyperion Motors.
Production
The XP-1 is scheduled to go into production in 2022, with a limited run of 300 units.
References
External links
Hyperion XP-1
Sports cars
The second season of Prison Break, an American serial drama television series, commenced airing in the United States on August 21, 2006, on Mondays at 8:00 pm (EST) on Fox. Prison Break is produced by Adelstein-Parouse Productions, in association with Rat Entertainment, Original Film and 20th Century Fox Television. The season contains 22 episodes, and concluded on April 2, 2007. Series creator Paul Scheuring describes the second season as "The Fugitive times eight," and likens it to the "second half of The Great Escape."
Prison Break revolves around two brothers: one who has been sentenced to death for a crime he did not commit and his younger sibling, a genius who devises an elaborate plan to help him escape prison. The brothers, along with six other prisoners at Fox River State Penitentiary, manage to escape, and the second season follows a massive manhunt chasing the group. Dubbed the Fox River Eight, the group splits and members go their individual way, occasionally meeting up to help each other. They struggle to escape from the police while avoiding a secret group of multinationals called The Company, that wants them all dead.
For the season, three characters are downgraded from series regular to recurring status, and a new character is introduced. Filming took place in Dallas, Texas, due to a close proximity of rural and urban settings. For the final three episodes, scenes were filmed in Pensacola, Florida, to represent Panama. Critical reviews of the season were generally positive, with the addition of William Fichtner to the cast receiving much praise. Fox Home Entertainment released the season in Region 1 on September 4, 2007.
Cast
Main characters
Dominic Purcell as Lincoln Burrows
Wentworth Miller as Michael Scofield
Robin Tunney as Veronica Donovan
Amaury Nolasco as Fernando Sucre
Marshall Allman as L.J. Burrows
Wade Williams as Captain Brad Bellick
Paul Adelstein as Secret Service Agent Paul Kellerman
Robert Knepper as Theodore "T-Bag" Bagwell
Rockmond Dunbar as Benjamin Miles "C-Note" Franklin
Sarah Wayne Callies as Dr. Sara Tancredi
William Fichtner as FBI Special Agent Alexander Mahone
Recurring characters
Episodes
Production
Filming
Filming began on June 15, 2006, in Dallas, Texas due to a close proximity of rural and urban settings. Executive producer Matt Olmstead stated that the filming location was changed from Chicago in the first season to Dallas in the second season because the characters were on the run. Many locations were needed to represent various American towns, which Dallas provided, whereas locations within Chicago took several hours to travel between. Olmstead noted, "It really came down to a financial thing." Other locations that were considered for filming were New Mexico, Arizona and Louisiana. Dallas was chosen because of its "resourcefulness, cost effectiveness and variety with regard to activities available for the crew", which was considered to be a major component for the final decision. Filming took place in Dallas for nine to ten months, where 20 of the 22 episodes were shot. The series was expected to bring $50 million into the city of Dallas. For the final three episodes of the second season, filming took place in Pensacola, Florida to represent Panama. Filming for each episode took place over eight days, which contributed approximately $1.4 million to the local economy.
Release
Critical reception
Mike Duffy of the Detroit Free Press commended the premiere for delivering "rocking good entertainment," and living up to the standard set by the first season. Duffy praised the "motley crew of cellblock characters" and the "taut, ingenious storytelling of series creator Paul T. Scheuring and his staff." Robert Bianco of USA Today commented on the "harebrained absurdities that have swamped this show", and accused the writers of being "incredibly lazy" for the continuous use of the tattoo as an "all-purpose plot fix". Ahsan Haque and Christopher Monfette of IGN credited the creators for not being afraid to take risks, which they felt "paid off for the most part". The reviewers found the biggest success factors to be "the constant swerves and twists" throughout the season, and "the development of the hero-villain relationship between Scofield and Mahone".
The addition of Mahone was well received by critics, who often referred to him as Michael's nemesis. Rob Owen of the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette found Mahone to be "a far more worthy adversary for Michael than prison guard Brad Bellick... who's still after the convicts but seems like a cartoon compared to the Inspector Javert-like Mahone." Brian Zoromski from IGN believes that the "strongest portions of 'Manhunt' deal with the introduction of a new character, an FBI Agent named Alexander Mahone, played by the great character actor William Fichtner." Digital Spy's Ben Rawson-Jones praised the "wonderful" Fichtner, claiming he "quickly became more appealing than the brooding hero himself". Robert Bianco of USA Today said that Fichtner was a welcome addition to the cast, and Andy Dehnart from MSNBC called Mahone the best new character of the second season.
Ratings
The premiere of the season obtained an average of 9.40 million American viewers, a decrease from the 10.50 million viewers who watched the series premiere, and the 10.24 million viewers who watch the first-season finale. The season obtained its largest audience with the episode "Chicago", which averaged 10.12 million viewers; however, the season finale received one of the lowest audiences in the series' history with 8.12 million viewers. The season averaged 9.30 million American viewers for all 22 episodes. Out of all regular primetime programming that aired during the 2005–2006 American television season, Prison Break ranked #51 out of #142, according to the Nielsen ratings system. In Australia, the season premiere was watched by an average of 1.22 million viewers, however ratings dropped consistently throughout the season. In the United Kingdom, ratings declined from an average audience share of 9% in the first season to 8.5% in the second. The season's penultimate episode, "Fin Del Camino", was viewed by an average of 1.20 million viewers, gaining a 7% audience share. As a result of the declining ratings during the season, Five decided not to air the third season and it was picked up by Sky1. Prison Break was simulcast in Canada on Global, where it ranked in the top ten of the highest rated television series.
Awards
The season was nominated for five awards, winning one. Dominic Purcell won the Australian Film Institute International Award for Best Actor. Work on the episode "Disconnect" was nominated for two Motion Picture Sound Editors Golden Reel Awards. Music editor David Klotz was nominated for Best Sound Editing in Music for Television — Short Form. The supervising sound editor, along with four foley artists and four sound effects editors were nominated for Best Sound Editing in Sound Effects and Foley for Television — Short Form. At the 2007 Teen Choice Awards, Wentworth Miller was nominated for Choice TV Actor: Drama, and Robert Knepper was nominated for Choice TV: Villain.
Home media release
References
General
Prison Break: Season 2 at IGN
Prison Break — Season 2 DVD Information at TVShowsOnDVD.com
Specific
External links
Prison Break
Prison Break episodes
2006 American television seasons
2007 American television seasons
The Prize for Best Music Theatre Script was a prize category in the annual Victorian Premier's Literary Awards. The $15,000 prize was only awarded in 2008 and 2009. Music theatre works are currently eligible for the Victorian Premier's Prize for Drama.
2008 winner: The Wild Blue - music, lyrics and book by Anthony Crowley
shortlisted: The Hanging of Jean Lee - libretto by Jordie Albiston and Abe Pogos, composed by Andrèe Greenwell; Crossing Live - words by Matthew Saville, music by Briony Marks
2009 winner: Shane Warne The Musical by Eddie Perfect
shortlisted: Metro Street by Matthew Robinson; Poor Boy by Matt Cameron and Tim Finn
References
Victorian Premier's Literary Awards
Australian theatre awards
Musical theatre awards
Cheshmeh Khosrow (, also Romanized as Chashmeh Khosrow) is a village in Zeberkhan Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 78, in 25 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Myracrodruon urundeuva (Portuguese common names: aroeira-do-sertão, aroeira preta, urundeúva, urindeúva, arindeúva) is a timber tree, which is often used for beekeeping. This plant is native to Argentina, Brazil, Bolivia and Paraguay, and it is typical of Caatinga, Cerrado, and Pantanal vegetation in Brazil.
Control
It is reported that the plant is very susceptible to particular herbicides such as glyphosate, suggesting a restricted and proper weed management for the species.
References and notes
External links
Astronium urundeuva (Fr. Allem.) Engl. (Urunde'y mi)'
Anacardiaceae
Trees of Argentina
Trees of Bolivia
Trees of Brazil
Trees of Paraguay
Flora of the Cerrado
The Manus friarbird (Philemon albitorques) or white-naped friarbird, also known as the chauka ('souka' in Lele, the local language) is a species of bird in the Honeyeater family, or Meliphagidae. It is endemic to the Manus Province of Papua New Guinea.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is also commonly found around human habitation, and possibly favoured by human settlement and the more open habitats created by people in many coastal areas.
The chauka is well known to locals on Manus Island, who speak of its ability to tell the time. It could be the most iconic honeyeater within its range in the world, as well as the loudest. Numerous stories and myths about the many abilities and duties of the chauka include alerting people to snakes in trees and informing people about a recent birth in the community.
Its significance to Manus is also reflected in its representation on the Manus provincial flag. Designer of the Manus Province flag, Luke Bulei, explained his reasons for its design in 1977: the chauka is only found in the Manus province; it heralds dawn and signals sunset; it often warns us of dangers; and lastly, it informs us of the success or otherwise of a forthcoming hunting trip. He added that NBC Radio Station had changed its name to Maus Bilong Chauka (Voice of the Chauka) several years before.
The bird was used symbolically in the film Chauka, Please Tell Us the Time, made from within the Manus Island detention centre by refugee Behrouz Boochani and filmmaker Arash Kamali Sarvestani in 2016.
References
Further reading
(Full PDF AU$4.00)
Manus friarbird
Birds of the Admiralty Islands
Manus friarbird
Manus friarbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Bell Hill is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Towns of Deerfield and Schuyler. Located on the border of Oneida County and Herkimer County, northeast of Utica.
References
Mountains of Oneida County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
Mountains of Herkimer County, New York
Dark Remains 2005 American horror film written and directed by Brian Avenet-Bradley. It stars Greg Thompson, Cheri Christian, and Scott Hodges. A couple believes that their dead daughter may be attempting to contact them.
Plot
After their daughter dies, Julie and Allen move to a rural location. When Julie begins taking photographs of the area, she sees images of her dead daughter in them, and she begins to believe that her daughter may be attempting to communicate with them.
Cast
Greg Thompson as Allen Pyke
Cheri Christian as Julie
Scott Hodges as Jim Payne
Jeff Evans as Sheriff Frank Hodges
Rachel Jordan as Emma Pyke
Michelle Kegley as Mrs. Payne
Rachael Rollings as Rachel Roberts
Karla Droege as Marianne Shore
Release
Dark Remains was released on home video on December 26, 2006.
Reception
Dennis Harvey of Variety called it "a genuinely creepy ghost story that packs maximum dread per reel". Bloody Disgusting rated it 4/5 stars and wrote, "All in all, unbelievable. Dark Remains is a suspense film the like of which hasn't been released in a long time." Joshua Siebalt of Dread Central rated it 3.5/5 stars and wrote, "All in all, Dark Remains is a very solid ghost story with enough attention to detail and characterization to set it aside from its contemporaries." Mitchell Wells of Horror Society wrote, "If you are a horror fan, I would really encourage you to watch it and see how the director is greatly influenced by old ghost films as well as new age ones." Mike Long of DVD Talk rated it 2.5/5 stars and wrote that though the films "contains some creepy moments", the film was often boring, confusing, or both.
It was awarded best picture at the 2005 Rhode Island International Horror Film Festival.
References
External links
2005 films
2005 horror films
American supernatural horror films
American independent films
American ghost films
Direct-to-video horror films
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
Andrew William McAteer (born 24 April 1961) is an English former professional footballer. He played in the Football League in the late 1970s and throughout the 1980s.
Career
Preston North End
Signing as an apprentice in July 1977, McAteer turned professional a year later. He made his Preston North End debut as an 18-year-old on Boxing Day 1979 in a 3–0 home win over Shrewsbury Town. Quickly establishing himself as a tough-tackling attacking full back, McAteer didn't miss a game for the rest of the season, becoming a firm favourite with the Deepdale fans. The following season, he struggled with injury but still made 26 appearances as the club were relegated to Division Three. These were hard times for Preston, as they constantly struggled against relegation and financial ruin. McAteer, however, was a mainstay in the team making 277 appearances scoring nine goals during his first spell there.
Blackpool
In December 1986 John McGrath accepted a bid of £17,000 from local rivals Blackpool. McAteer played for the Seasiders for eighteen months. In June 1988 he was given a free transfer, mainly due to injuries. He made 47 appearances without scoring.
Return to Preston
John McGrath offered McAteer a return to Preston, in the form of a two-year deal. Injury, however, restricted him initially. On returning to fitness, a game in the reserves resulted in an over-zealous YTS opposition player coming in too hard and breaking McAteer's tibia and fibula. He subsequently had to retire from the professional game at the age of 28. In total he had played 343 games, scoring 10 goals.
Non-league
Upon leaving the full-time game, McAteer first signed, along with Oshor Williams, for Northern Premier League club Lancaster City, but new work commitments meant that he played only one game for the club.
References
1961 births
Living people
Footballers from Preston, Lancashire
English footballers
Association football fullbacks
Preston North End F.C. players
Blackpool F.C. players
Lancaster City F.C. players
English Football League players
Hugh Lowther may refer to:
Hugh Lowther, 5th Earl of Lonsdale (1857 – 1944)
Hugh Lowther, 8th Earl of Lonsdale (born 1949)
East Kilbride East is one of the twenty wards used to elect members of the South Lanarkshire Council. Created in 2007, it elects three councillors. Its territory covers the parts of East Kilbride on the north-east and eastern peripheries of the town, primarily Calderwood (excepting the Maxwellton/west of Calderwood Road area), as well as Brancumhall, part of St Leonards (east of High Common Road), Nerston (the separate hamlet, but not the brownfield residential developments south of Kingsgate) and the Crutherland development fringing Calderglen Country Park. A 2017 national review added a few streets in the west of the ward (between Calderwood Road, Morrishall Road and Hunter Primary School). In 2019, the ward's population was 14,308.
Councillors
Election Results
2022 Election
2022 South Lanarkshire Council election
Source:
2017 Election
2017 South Lanarkshire Council election
SNP councillor Jim Wardhaugh resigned from the party and became an Independent on 25 May 2017.
2012 Election
2012 South Lanarkshire Council election
2007 Election
2007 South Lanarkshire Council election
References
Wards of South Lanarkshire
East Kilbride
Karaağaç is a village in the Seben district of Bolu Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Seben District
{{Chembox
| Verifiedfields = changed
| Watchedfields = changed
| verifiedrevid = 447380975
| ImageFile = SYBR Green I.png
| ImageSize =
| IUPACName = ''N',N-dimethyl-N-[4-[(E)-(3-methyl--2-ylidene)methyl]-1-phenylquinolin-1-ium-2-yl]-N-propylpropane-1,3-diamine
| OtherNames =
|Section1=
|Section2=
|Section3=
}}SYBR Green I (SG''') is an asymmetrical cyanine dye used as a nucleic acid stain in molecular biology. The SYBR family of dyes is produced by Molecular Probes Inc., now owned by Thermo Fisher Scientific. SYBR Green I binds to DNA. The resulting DNA-dye-complex best absorbs 497 nanometer blue light (λmax = 497 nm) and emits green light (λmax = 520 nm). The stain preferentially binds to double-stranded DNA, but will stain single-stranded (ss) DNA with lower performance. SYBR Green can also stain RNA with a lower performance than ssDNA.
Uses
SYBR Green finds usage in several areas of biochemistry and molecular biology. It is used as a dye for the quantification of double stranded DNA in some methods of quantitative PCR. It is also used to visualise DNA in gel electrophoresis. Higher concentrations of SYBR Green can be used to stain agarose gels in order to visualise the DNA present. In addition to labelling pure nucleic acids, SYBR Green can also be used for labelling of DNA within cells for flow cytometry and fluorescence microscopy. In these cases RNase treatment may be required to reduce background from RNA in the cells.
Safety
SYBR Green I is marketed as a replacement for ethidium bromide, a potential human mutagen, as both safer to work with and free from the complex waste disposal issues of ethidium bromide. However any small molecule capable of binding DNA with high affinity is a possible carcinogen, including SYBR Green.
In a study using the Ames test, which measures the ability of chemicals to cause mutations, when assayed at the same concentration SYBR Green I was on the order of 30 times less mutagenic than ethidium bromide.
Similar cyanine dyes
PicoGreen (PG)
SYBR Safe
SYBR Gold
Thiazole orange (TO)
Oxazole yellow (YO)
Safe-Green
Chai Green
See also
GelGreen
__notoc__
Notes and references
Staining dyes
Cyanine dyes
Benzothiazoles
Quinolines
Dimethylamino compounds
Quaternary ammonium compounds
Pratt County (standard abbreviation: PR) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 9,157. The largest city and county seat is Pratt.
History
Early history
For many millennia, the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans. From the 16th century to 18th century, the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America. In 1762, after the French and Indian War, France secretly ceded New France to Spain, per the Treaty of Fontainebleau.
19th century
In 1802, Spain returned most of the land to France, but keeping title to about 7,500 square miles. In 1803, most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre.
In 1854, the Kansas Territory was organized, then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state. In 1867, Pratt County was established.
In 1887, the Chicago, Kansas and Nebraska Railway extended its main line from Herington to Pratt. This main line connected Herington, Ramona, Tampa, Durham, Waldeck, Canton, Galva, McPherson, Groveland, Inman, Medora, Hutchinson, Whiteside, Partridge, Arlington, Langdon, Turon, Preston, Natrona, Pratt. In 1888, this main line was extended to Liberal. Later, this line was extended to Tucumcari, New Mexico and El Paso, Texas. This line is called the "Golden State Limited".
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.09%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Stafford County (north)
Reno County (northeast)
Kingman County (east)
Barber County (south)
Kiowa County (west)
Edwards County (northwest)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 9,647 people, 3,963 households, and 2,639 families residing in the county. The population density was 13 people per square mile (5/km2). There were 4,633 housing units at an average density of 6 per square mile (2/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 95.28% White, 0.98% Black or African American, 0.35% Native American, 0.55% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 1.73% from other races, and 1.07% from two or more races. 3.09% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 3,963 households, out of which 30.00% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.70% were married couples living together, 7.50% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.40% were non-families. 30.40% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.60% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.93.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 24.50% under the age of 18, 9.40% from 18 to 24, 24.00% from 25 to 44, 22.80% from 45 to 64, and 19.20% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 94.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.30 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $35,529, and the median income for a family was $43,156. Males had a median income of $31,138 versus $20,679 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,906. About 6.70% of families and 9.40% of the population were below the poverty line, including 11.50% of those under age 18 and 8.90% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Presidential elections
Laws
Following amendment to the Kansas Constitution in 1986, Pratt County remained a prohibition, or "dry", county until 2000, when voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30 percent food sales requirement.
Education
Colleges
Pratt Community College
Unified school districts
Pratt USD 382
Skyline USD 438
Communities
Cities
Byers
Coats
Cullison
Iuka
Pratt
Preston
Sawyer
Unincorporated communities
Cairo
Croft
Hopewell
Natrona
Townships
Pratt County is divided into seven townships. The city of Pratt is considered governmentally independent and is excluded from the census figures for the townships. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
See also
References
Notes
Further reading
Standard Atlas of Pratt County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 67 pages; 1922.
Standard Atlas of Pratt County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 54 pages; 1906.
External links
County
Pratt County - Directory of Public Officials
Maps
Pratt County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1867 establishments in Kansas
Populated places established in 1867
DVB-S2X is an extension of DVB-S2 satellite digital broadcasting standard.
DVB-S2X is a digital satellite television broadcast standard. It has been standardised by DVB Project in March 2014 as an optional extension of DVB-S2 standard. It will also become an ETSI standard.
Main features
Compared to DVB-S2, efficiency gains up to 51% can be achieved with DVB-S2X.
Amongst improvements are:
Higher order modulation schemes (64/128/256APSK)
Smaller roll-off factors of 5%, 10% and 15%
Improved filtering making it possible to have smaller carrier spacing
Channel bonding in order to combine several different carriers increasing efficiency in DTH applications
Channel bonding helps, particularly for UHDTV services. Statistical multiplexing is often used to allow more television services to fit into a single satellite channel. Statistical multiplexing works best when there are many television channels which can share their bandwidth. With UHDTV services, it may only be possible to fit 3 services in a single satellite channel which reduces the effectiveness of statistical multiplexing. Bonding channels increases the number UHDTV services within the bonded channel allowing the statistical multiplexing to work more efficiently.
Because of a lack of backwards compatibility with existing DVB-S2 decoders, Belgian company Newtec has developed the 'DVB-S2plus/Extensions' technology, which tries to reconcile the benefits of the DVB-S2X with compatibility to existing systems.
Use cases
In particular for DTH, a possible use case is the launch of UHDTV-1 (e.g. 4k) television services in Ku-/Ka-band that will adopt HEVC encoding. (ref,p7)
See also
DVB-S
DVB-S2
References
Digital Video Broadcasting (DVB); Second generation framing structure, channel coding and modulation systems for Broadcasting, Interactive Services, News Gathering and other broadband satellite applications Part II: S2 - Extensions (DVB-S2X)
Digital Video Broadcasting
Satellite broadcasting
Television transmission standards
The 1957–58 season was FC Steaua București's 10th season since its founding in 1947.
Divizia A
League table
Results
Source:
Cupa României
Results
European Cup
First round
Danube Cup
Round of 16
See also
1957–58 Cupa României
1957–58 Divizia A
1957–58 European Cup
1958 Danube Cup
Notes and references
External links
1957–58 FC Steaua București Divizia A match
FC Steaua București seasons
1957–58 in Romanian football
Steaua, București
Steaua
Bracken County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2010 census, the population was 8,488. Its county seat is Brooksville. The county was formed in 1796.
Bracken County is included in the Cincinnati-Middletown, OH-KY-IN Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Bracken County was organized as Kentucky's 23rd county in 1796 from parts of Mason and Campbell counties. It was named after two creeks, the Big and Little Bracken, which in turn were named for Matthew Bracken, an 18th-century explorer and surveyor who visited the area in 1773. He was later killed by Indians during the Northwest Indian War. The county originally extended to southern Nicholas County, north to the Ohio River, west to the Licking River and east to Dover, Kentucky.
Several early settlers were veterans of the American Revolutionary War, including Captain Abner Howell, who brought his family came from Pennsylvania. He died in Bracken County in 1797.
The county government moved from Augusta to Woodward's Crossing (now Brooksville) in 1833.
Bracken was the birthplace of John Gregg Fee, founder of Berea College and Kentucky's most noted abolitionist. He was a graduate of Augusta College and Lane Theological Seminary. In 1822 Augusta College was founded as the first Methodist college in the world.
Anti-slavery activists in Bracken County played a major role in the movement known as the Underground Railroad. There are several Underground Railroad sites in the Augusta area. A network of citizens sympathetic to escaping slaves helped them cross the Ohio River to nearby Ripley, Ohio and other points north.
Bracken County's economy was largely agricultural. Its chief crops before the Civil War were tobacco and corn. White burley tobacco, a light, adaptable leaf that revolutionized the industry, was first sold at the 1867 St. Louis Fair by the farmer Mr. Webb from Higginsport, Ohio. He had produced it in 1864 from Bracken County seed and developed the type. It became a major product of central Kentucky and central Tennessee.
Agriculture remains vital to the economy, with farms occupying 83.8 percent of the land area in 1982. Commodities include wheat, hay, and milk. Burley tobacco production in 1988 amounted to 5,406,000 pounds. Agricultural receipts in 1986 totaled $19,158,000.
Historic schools
Augusta:
Bracken Academy
Augusta Methodist College
Brooksville:
Saint James Elementary and High School
Germantown:
Germantown College
Milford:
Milford Graded and High School
Law and government
Judge Executives
Earl Bush (2011–Present)
Gary Riggs (2007–2011)
Leslie Newman (2002–2007)
Dwayne "Pie" Jett (1987–2002)
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.6%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Clermont County, Ohio (north – across the Ohio River)
Brown County, Ohio (northeast – across the Ohio River)
Mason County (east)
Robertson County (south)
Harrison County (southwest)
Pendleton County (west)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 8,279 people, 3,228 households, and 2,346 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 3,715 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 98.48% White, 0.62% Black or African American, 0.25% Native American, 0.06% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 0.21% from other races, and 0.35% from two or more races. 0.47% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 3,228 households, out of which 33.50% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.30% were married couples living together, 10.70% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.30% were non-families. 23.90% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.30% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.00.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.50% under the age of 18, 8.40% from 18 to 24, 29.50% from 25 to 44, 23.00% from 45 to 64, and 13.50% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.90 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $34,823, and the median income for a family was $40,469. Males had a median income of $31,503 versus $21,139 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,478. About 7.60% of families and 10.80% of the population were below the poverty line, including 10.50% of those under age 18 and 17.30% of those age 65 or over.
Education
School districts include:
Augusta Independent Schools in Augusta
Bracken County Schools in Brooksville
Private schools:
Saint Augustine Elementary School in Augusta
Communities
Augusta
Brooksville (county seat)
Foster
Germantown
Notable residents
Nick Clooney, a Cincinnati journalist and former newsanchor, and his wife Nina live in Augusta.
George Clooney, their son and an actor, grew up in Augusta and went to high school there.
Heather French Henry, Miss America 2000, grew up in Augusta and still lives there. Heather and her husband, former Ky. Lt. Governor Steve Henry, are the curators of the Rosemary Clooney Museum in Augusta.
Rosemary Clooney, singer and actress, lived in Augusta. Her most notable film was White Christmas.
John G. Fee, Minister and Educator, Born in Bracken Co. Founder Berea College.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Bracken County, Kentucky
References
External links
Historical Images and Texts of Bracken County, Kentucky
1796 establishments in Kentucky
Kentucky counties
Kentucky counties on the Ohio River
Populated places on the Underground Railroad
Populated places established in 1796
Eucalyptus proxima, commonly known as nodding mallee or red-flowered mallee, is a species of mallee that is endemic to a small area in the south-west of Western Australia. It has smooth greyish bark, lance-shaped adult leaves, flower buds in groups of seven, red to pink, sometimes yellowish flowers and conical to slightly bell-shaped fruit.
Description
Eucalyptus proxima is a mallee that typically grows to a height of and forms a lignotuber. It has smooth grey bark that is shed to reveal pale orange or coppery new bark. Young plants and coppice regrowth have egg-shaped to lance-shaped leaves that are long and wide. Adult leaves are the same shade of glossy green on both sides, lance-shaped, long and wide tapering to a petiole long. The flower buds are arranged in leaf axils in groups of seven on a slightly flattened, down-turned, unbranched peduncle long, the individual buds sessile or on thick pedicels long. Mature buds are oval long and wide with a rounded operculum. Flowering occurs from September to November and the flowers are red to pink, sometimes yellowish. The fruit is a woody, conical to slightly bell-shaped capsule, long and wide with the valves near rim level.
Taxonomy and naming
Eucalyptus proxima was first formally described in 2005 by Dean Nicolle and Ian Brooker from a specimen they collected near Jerdacuttup in 2002. The specific epithet (proxima) is from the Latin word proximus, meaning "nearest" or "most similar", referring to similarity of this species to E. cernua.
Distribution and habitat
Nodding mallee grows in mallee shrubland between Ravensthorpe and Hopetoun in the Avon Wheatbelt, Esperance Plains and Mallee biogeographic regions.
Conservation status
This eucalypt is classified as "not threatened" by the Western Australian Government Department of Parks and Wildlife.
See also
List of Eucalyptus species
References
proxima
Myrtales of Australia
Eucalypts of Western Australia
Plants described in 2012
Taxa named by Ian Brooker
Jagoče may refer to:
Jagoče, Montenegro
Jagoče, Laško, Slovenia
Paul Lemmens (born 29 June 1954) is a Belgian judge born in Wilrijk, Belgium and currently the judge of the European Court of Human Rights in respect of Belgium.
References
1954 births
Living people
20th-century Belgian judges
Judges of the European Court of Human Rights
Belgian judges of international courts and tribunals
People from Wilrijk
21st-century Belgian judges
C.A. Rosetti is a commune in Tulcea County, Northern Dobruja, Romania. The commune is named for writer and politician Constantin Alexandru Rosetti. It is composed of five villages: C.A. Rosetti, Cardon, Letea, Periprava and Sfiștofca. At the 2011 census, 65.7% of the inhabitants were Romanians, 24.3% Russian Lipovans and 9.8% Ukrainians.
The same census found that Letea (Russian: Летя, Letya) village had 348 inhabitants, down from 404 in 2002. Of those, 399 were native speakers of Romanian and 5 of Ukrainian. The painter (1883–1961) was born in Letea.
The Periprava labor camp operated near the village of Periprava during communist rule.
Notes
References
Communes in Tulcea County
Localities in Northern Dobruja
Sgurr nan Coireachan (953 m) is a mountain in the Northwest Highlands of Scotland. It lies in the Lochaber region, near the head of the remote Glen Dessarry.
A steep mountain with a mixture of rocky and grassy slopes, it is often climbed as part of the Sgurr na Ciche ridge. Climbs usually start from Loch Arkaig to the east.
References
Marilyns of Scotland
Munros
Mountains and hills of the Northwest Highlands
Sonnet 115 is one of 154 sonnets written by the English playwright and poet William Shakespeare. It is a member of the Fair Youth sequence, in which the poet expresses his love towards a young man.
Synopsis
The poet's earlier verses were a lie because it said he could not love the youth more. At the time he didn't understand that his love could be more intense in future, assuming that time would blunt it. Fearing this, he said that he loved the youth most powerfully then. Love is a baby, so might he not ascribe full size to one that's still growing?
Structure
Sonnet 115 is an English or Shakespearean sonnet. The English sonnet has three quatrains, followed by a final rhyming couplet. It follows the typical rhyme scheme of the form ABAB CDCD EFEF GG and is composed in iambic pentameter, a type of poetic metre based on five pairs of metrically weak/strong syllabic positions. The 1st line exemplifies a regular iambic pentameter:
× / × / × / × / × /
Those lines that I before have writ do lie, (115.1)
This sonnet contains examples of all three metrical variations typically found in literary iambic pentameter of the period. Lines 2 and 4 features a final extrametrical syllable or feminine ending:
× / × / × / × / × / (×)
My most full flame should afterwards burn clearer. (115.4)
/ = ictus, a metrically strong syllabic position. × = nonictus. (×) = extrametrical syllable.
The 12th line exhibits an initial reversal, which can also be found in line 13 (and potentially in lines 6, 7, and 10):
/ × × / × / × / × /
Crowning the present, doubting of the rest? (115.12)
Finally, the 9th line exhibits the rightward movement of the third ictus (resulting in a four-position figure, × × / /, sometimes referred to as a minor ionic):
× / × / × × / / × /
Alas! why, fearing of Time's tyranny, (115.9)
The meter demands a few variant pronunciations: line 2's "even" functions as one syllable, line 5's "reckoning" and line 8's "altering" as two, and line 8's "to the" is contracted to "to th'".
References
Further reading
British poems
Sonnets by William Shakespeare
Division 1 is the third level in the league system of bandy in Sweden and comprises 60 Swedish bandy teams in six groups. The level was founded in 1931 as Sweden's first level, and became the second from the 1981/1982 season and the third from the 2007/2008.
Season structure
The season consist of six groups with ten teams each. Each team plays against the other twice, resulting in 18 rounds. The first two teams in each group qualifies for a play-off round robin tournament against the last teams of Allsvenskan. The last team in each group is relegated to the Division 2.
External links
Swedish Bandy Association
Bandy leagues in Sweden
National bandy leagues
1931 establishments in Sweden
Sport leagues established in 1931
"The Ablest Man in the World" is a short story by American journalist and author Edward Page Mitchell. It was written in 1879 and published unattributed on page two of the New York Sun on May 4 of that year. It was reprinted in Stories by American Authors, Vol. 10. in 1884. It was later included in the modern collection The Crystal Man: Stories by Edward Page Mitchell, edited by Sam Moskowitz in 1973.
Plot summary
Dr. Fisher (not a MD) is spending his July holiday in Baden-Baden. While he is there, Baron Savitch, a rising Russian politician, is said to be ill by one of the hotel staff. Fisher is led into the baron's room where he finds the baron ill and shaking, and serves him some Bourbon, which makes things first better, then worse. Fisher notices that the baron's head is somewhat peculiar. The baron's head has a black silk skullcap which Fisher removes and finds the top of the baron's head to be a silver dome. The baron tells him to unscrew it but before he can, Dr. Rapperschwyll, the baron's doctor, comes in and tells Fisher to get out.
There is a lot of controversy surrounding Savitch, mostly concerning his humble beginnings to his rise in the Tsar's court after graduating from the University of Dorpat. Wanting to know more, Fisher confronts Rapperschwyll at an old observation tower when the ladder falls and they find themselves trapped up there for hours. Rapperschwyll, after swearing Fisher to secrecy, tells him the story of Baron Savitch.
Baron Savitch grew up in a mental asylum and was mute and retarded. Rapperschwyll found him there one day and, with his skill in medicine and watchmaking, made a clockwork brain for Savitch which is explicitly superior to Charles Babbage's difference engine. With this mechanical brain, Baron Savitch cannot make a mistake and with time will rise to become the next Napoleon.
Later in Paris, Fisher finds Baron Savitch on a diplomatic mission. He learns Savitch will soon marry and is disgusted by the idea of a woman being married to a machine. He finds that Rapperschwyll has returned to his native Switzerland, visiting his dying mother. With this knowledge, Fisher waits for the baron to feel ill again after a second serving of Bourbon. Once that has happened Fisher comes to his aid as a doctor. With the baron's guard down, Fisher takes his brain, runs off with it and later throws it into the Atlantic Ocean on his return trip to America.
References in modern culture
During the March 31, 2014 episode of the CBS television series Intelligence, it was revealed that the secret government "Clockwork Project" in that series—where the main character has a microchip implanted in his brain—was named after Baron Savitch's clockwork brain.
References
External links
Stories by American Authors, Vol. 10
Collected stories by Mitchell
1879 short stories
American short stories
Calochilus caeruleus, commonly known as the wiry beard orchid, is a species of orchid native to northern Australia and New Guinea. It has a single leaf which continues to develop during flowering and up to twelve greenish flowers with reddish brown markings and a labellum with a red "beard".
Description
Calochilus caeruleus is a terrestrial, perennial, deciduous, herb with an underground tuber and a single leaf which is only partly developed at flowering time but is long and wide when fully mature. Between four and twelve short-lived greenish flowers with reddish brown markings, long and wide are borne on a thin, wiry flowering stem tall. The dorsal sepal is long and wide. The lateral sepals are a similar length but narrower. The petals are long and wide. The labellum is flat, long and wide. The base of the labellum has purple calli and two purple plates. The middle section has stiff red hairs up to long and the tip is hairless. The column lacks the sham "eyes" of most other beard orchids. Flowering occurs from December to January but each flower only lasts one or two days.
Taxonomy and naming
Calochilus caeruleus was first formally described in 1946 by Louis Otho Williams and the description was published in Botanical Museum Leaflets from specimens collected near Tarara on the Wassi Kussa River in the west of Papua New Guinea. The specific epithet (caeruleus) is a Latin word meaning "sky blue".
Distribution and habitat
The wiry beard orchid grows in swamps, wet forests, heath and woodland in New Guinea, the Northern Territory including Melville Island and in Tropical North Queensland as far south as Cardwell.
References
caeruleus
Orchids of Australia
Orchids of New Guinea
Plants described in 1946
Feable Weiner is an American power pop band from Murfreesboro, Tennessee.
Members
Adam Andersen– vocals, guitar
Josh Watson– guitar, vocals
Andrew Samples– bass guitar, backing vocals
Jeff Horne – drums, percussion
References
American power pop groups
Musical groups established in 2000
Doghouse Records artists
"Moaning Lisa" is the sixth episode of the American animated television series The Simpsons. It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on February 11, 1990. The episode was written by Al Jean and Mike Reiss, and was directed by Wes Archer. Ron Taylor guest stars in the episode as Bleeding Gums Murphy. The episode deals with Lisa's depression and her attempts to sublimate it by playing her saxophone.
Plot
Lisa wakes up one morning saddened. At school, she gets in trouble with her music teacher for improvising and becomes reluctant to play dodgeball in gym. At home, Homer and Bart pummel each other at video boxing, but despite Homer's attempts, he is unable to defeat Bart. Homer and Marge try to cheer Lisa up, but she is consumed with existentialism and worry over all the suffering in the world. In her room, Lisa hears music coming from outside her window. She follows the music through town and meets Bleeding Gums Murphy, a soulful saxophonist playing the blues. Lisa learns about expressing herself through her music from him, only to be discovered and whisked away by Marge.
Homer goes to the arcade and enlists the help of an arcade boxing expert, while Marge takes Lisa to band practice. She tells Lisa to smile no matter how she feels inside, to suppress her emotions to be popular, and that happiness will follow. But when she sees Lisa hiding her true feelings and being taken advantage of by her classmates and her music teacher, Marge changes her tune and tells Lisa to be herself and her support helps Lisa to feel genuinely happy. When Homer returns home, he is about to defeat Bart in a rematch but Marge unplugs the game console to announce Lisa's recovery, while Bart declares his retirement as an undefeated video boxing champ. Later, the Simpsons visit a jazz club to hear Bleeding Gums Murphy sings a blues number written by Lisa. The song Lisa sings is based on Third Degree by Eric Clapton.
Production
"Moaning Lisa" was the first episode of the series to focus on Lisa. The idea for it was suggested by The Simpsons producer James L. Brooks, who wanted to do an episode where Lisa was sad but she did not know why. The writers also felt they had done several "jokey" episodes on the show and wanted to try something new that was "really emotional and sweet".
While writers Al Jean and Mike Reiss were initially thrilled to write an episode pitched by Brooks, for whom they had deep admiration, they were unsure that the depression-themed episode would work. Matt Groening taunted the pair for having been assigned the episode, while Sam Simon told them that Brooks had been trying to get such an episode made since Taxi. According to Reiss, the episode establishes Lisa as a character, as in his and Jean's previous episode "There's No Disgrace Like Home", she is as badly behaved as Bart.
The song Lisa sings in this episode later reappeared in expanded form on The Simpsons Sing the Blues CD. Mr. Largo, Lisa's music teacher, was partly inspired by a music teacher Groening had as a child. The designs of the boxers in the video game Homer and Bart play were loosely based on Homer and Bart, and the referee in the game was based on a character from Matt Groening's Life in Hell comic strip. Bleeding Gums Murphy was loosely based on the famous blues musician Blind Lemon Jefferson. Ralph Wiggum, Bleeding Gums Murphy, and Jacqueline Bouvier (during Marge's childhood flashback) all make their first (going by production order rather than airdate) appearances on The Simpsons in this episode.
Reception
In its original American broadcast, "Moaning Lisa" finished 34th place in the weekly ratings for the week of February 5–11, 1990 with a Nielsen rating of 13.8. It was the highest-rated show on Fox that week.
The authors of the book I Can't Believe It's a Bigger and Better Updated Unofficial Simpsons Guide, Warren Martyn and Adrian Wood, said: "Certain scenes of this, the most syrupy of Simpsons episodes, sent viewers raised on the later seasons scurrying to the bathroom. Yes, the final moments may give you goosepimples, and are a world away from the anti-schmaltz normally associated with the series, but there is still much to recommend here. In fact, the Homer–Bart subplot is more successful than the main storyline; Homer's nightmare about their relationship is genuinely disturbing."
In a DVD review of the first season, David B. Grelck rated the episode a (of 5) and added: "Lisa develops much of her future personality in this episode. The family dynamic is starting to fall into place, as is the relationship between Homer and Lisa."
Colin Jacobson at DVD Movie Guide said in a review that "overall, this was a pretty drab episode" and added that "it had some moments, such as the videogame boxing matches between Homer and Bart, but Lisa lacked the strength at this point to carry an entire show".
Yeardley Smith, the voice actress of Lisa, has cited the episode as one of her favorite Simpsons episodes of all time.
In his 2018 memoir Springfield Confidential, Mike Reiss named the episode as one of four that broke new ground, alongside "Like Father, Like Clown", "Homer at the Bat" and the original "Treehouse of Horror".
Home media
The episode was released first on home video in the United Kingdom, as part of a VHS release titled The Simpsons Collection; the episode was paired with season one episode "Homer's Odyssey". It was released in the US on the VHS release The Best of The Simpsons, Vol. 2 (1997), paired with "Bart the General". In the United States, it was later re released in a collector's edition boxed set of the first three volumes of The Best of The Simpsons collections.
In the United Kingdom, it was re released as part of a VHS boxed set of the complete first season, in November 1999. The episode's début on the DVD format was as a part of The Simpsons season one DVD set, which was released on September 25, 2001. Groening, Reiss, Archer, and Jean participated in the DVD's audio commentary. A digital edition of the series' first season, including the episode, was published December 20, 2010 in the United States through Amazon Video and iTunes.
References
Sources
External links
The Simpsons (season 1) episodes
1990 American television episodes
Works about melancholia
Television episodes about video games
Chief Justice of Indonesia may refer to:
Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Indonesia
Chief Justice of the Constitutional Court of Indonesia
Benin Marina is a four-star hotel in Cotonou, Benin. It is located at Boulevard De La Marina, B.P. 1901 in the Haie Vive neighborhood, near the Cardinal Bernardin Gantin International Airport and the Supercenter Erevan. It is the largest hotel in the country. It is located in a large building which was formerly a Sheraton hotel, west of the old port of Cotonou. Set in landscaped gardens, the hotel contains two swimming pools, three tennis courts and small 9-hole golf course. The building is only four storeys high but covers a significant area of land. The swimming pool is located next to the beach. The hotel has 200 rooms, 1 Royal Suite, 8 Junior Suites and 12 bungalows. The hotel contains the 'Le Popo' Coffeeshop Restaurant, 'Les Tanekas' Grill Bar by the pool, 'Le Nokoué' Pianobar and the 'Le Tèkè' Night Club / Karaoke Bar. The hotel is occasionally used for important diplomatic meetings in Cotonou and contains 1 conference room and 6 meeting rooms.
References
External links
Official site
Hotels in Benin
Buildings and structures in Cotonou
Hotel buildings completed in 1982
The Cal State Fullerton Titans softball team represents California State University, Fullerton in NCAA Division I college softball. The Titans have claimed one national championship, in 1986, along with a runner-up finish in 1983, as part of six total appearances in the NCAA Women's College World Series. Cal State Fullerton also appeared in two Women's College World Series when the event was sponsored by the Association for Intercollegiate Athletics for Women. The team plays home games at Anderson Family Field, a one-thousand seat venue built on campus in 1985, and plays as part of the Big West Conference. The Titans are led by head coach Kelly Ford.
References
The 1939 All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship was the 12th staging of the All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association in 1928.
Cork entered the championship as the defending champions in search of a record-equalling third successive title.
On 3 September 1939 Cork won the championship following a 5-2 to 2-2 defeat of Kilkenny in the All-Ireland final. This was their third All-Ireland title in-a-row and their fourth title overall.
Results
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Semi-finals
Final
Championship statistics
Miscellaneous
Cork's fourth All-Ireland Championship victory put them as joint record holders at the top of the roll of honour with Tipperary.
External links
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship: Roll Of Honour
Minor
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Patrick O'Driscoll (born 1927) was an Irish Gaelic footballer who played as a right corner-back at senior level for the Cork county team. He was named in the "Cork Football Team of the Millennium" in January 2000.
O'Driscoll joined the team during the 1950 championship and was a regular member of the starting fifteen until his retirement a decade later. During that time he won two National League medals and two Munster medals, however, he never won an All-Ireland winners' medal.
O'Driscoll had a lengthy career with the Russell Rovers and Garda club teams.
In retirement from playing O'Driscoll served as an administrator with the Cork County Board and was also a selector when Cork won the All-Ireland in 1973.
References
1927 births
Living people
Cork County Board administrators
Cork inter-county Gaelic footballers
Cork inter-county hurlers
Dual players
Gaelic football selectors
Garda Gaelic footballers
Garda (Cork) Gaelic footballers
Garda Síochána officers
Kerry inter-county hurlers
Munster inter-provincial Gaelic footballers
Russell Rovers Gaelic footballers
Russell Rovers hurlers
In computer science, the Boyer–Moore–Horspool algorithm or Horspool's algorithm is an algorithm for finding substrings in strings. It was published by Nigel Horspool in 1980 as SBM.
It is a simplification of the Boyer–Moore string search algorithm which is related to the Knuth–Morris–Pratt algorithm. The algorithm trades space for time in order to obtain an average-case complexity of O(n) on random text, although it has O(nm) in the worst case, where the length of the pattern is m and the length of the search string is n.
Description
Like Boyer–Moore, Boyer–Moore–Horspool preprocesses the pattern to produce a table containing, for each symbol in the alphabet, the number of characters that can safely be skipped. The preprocessing phase, in pseudocode, is as follows (for an alphabet of 256 symbols, i.e., bytes):
Unlike the original, we use zero-based indices here.
function preprocess(pattern)
T ← new table of 256 integers
for i from 0 to 256 exclusive
T[i] ← length(pattern)
for i from 0 to length(pattern) - 1 exclusive
T[pattern[i]] ← length(pattern) - 1 - i
return T
Pattern search proceeds as follows. The procedure reports the index of the first occurrence of in .
function same(str1, str2, len) Compares two strings, up to the first len characters.
i ← len - 1
while str1[i] = str2[i] Note: this is equivalent to !memcmp(str1, str2, len).
if i = 0 The original algorithm tries to play smart here: it checks for the
return true last character, and then starts from the first to the second-last.
i ← i - 1
return false
function search(needle, haystack)
T ← preprocess(needle)
skip ← 0
while length(haystack) - skip ≥ length(needle)
haystack[skip:] -- substring starting with "skip". &haystack[skip] in C.
if same(haystack[skip:], needle, length(needle))
return skip
skip ← skip + T[haystack[skip + length(needle) - 1]]
return not-found
Performance
The algorithm performs best with long needle strings, when it consistently hits a non-matching character at or near the final byte of the current position in the haystack and the final byte of the needle does not occur elsewhere within the needle. For instance a 32 byte needle ending in "z" searching through a 255 byte haystack which does not have a 'z' byte in it would take up to 224 byte comparisons.
The best case is the same as for the Boyer–Moore string search algorithm in big O notation, although the constant overhead of initialization and for each loop is less.
The worst case behavior happens when the bad character skip is consistently low (with the lower limit of 1 byte movement) and a large portion of the needle matches the haystack. The bad character skip is only low, on a partial match, when the final character of the needle also occurs elsewhere within the needle, with 1 byte movement happening when the same byte is in both of the last two positions.
The canonical degenerate case similar to the above "best" case is a needle of an 'a' byte followed by 31 'z' bytes in a haystack consisting of 255 'z' bytes. This will do 31 successful byte comparisons, a 1 byte comparison that fails and then move forward 1 byte. This process will repeat 223 more times (255 − 32), bringing the total byte comparisons to 7,168 (32 × 224). (A different byte-comparison loop will have a different behavior.)
The worst case is significantly higher than for the Boyer–Moore string search algorithm, although obviously this is hard to achieve in normal use cases. It is also worth noting that this worst case is also the worst case for the naive (but usual) memcmp() algorithm, although the implementation of that tends to be significantly optimized (and is more cache friendly).
Tuning the comparison loop
The original algorithm had a more sophisticated same() loop. It uses an extra pre-check before proceeding in the positive direction:
function same_orig(str1, str2, len)
i ← 0
if str1[len - 1] = str2[len - 1]
while str1[i] = str2[i]
if i = len - 2
return true
i ← i + 1
return false
A tuned version of the BMH algorithm is the Raita algorithm. It adds an additional precheck for the middle character, in the order of last-first-middle. The algorithm enters the full loop only when the check passes:
function same_raita(str1, str2, len)
i ← 0
mid ← len / 2
Three prechecks.
if len ≥ 3
if str[mid] != str2[mid]
return false
if len ≥ 1
if str[0] != str2[0]
return false
if len ≥ 2
if str[len - 1] != str2[len - 1]
return false
Any old comparison loop.
return len < 3 or SAME(&str1[1], &str2[1], len - 2)
It is unclear whether this 1992 tuning still holds its performance advantage on modern machines. The rationale by the authors is that actual text usually contains some patterns which can be effectively prefiltered by these three characters. It appears that Raita is not aware of the old last-character precheck (he believed that the backward-only routine is the Horspool implementation), so readers are advised to take the results with a grain of salt.
On modern machines, library functions like tends to provide better throughput than any of the hand-written comparison loops. The behavior of an "SFC" loop (Horspool's terminology) both in libstdc++ and libc++ seems to suggest that a modern Raita implementation should not include any of the one-character shifts, since they have detrimental effects on data alignment. Also see String-searching algorithm which has detailed analysis of other string searching algorithms.
References
External links
Description of the algorithm
An implementation from V8 JavaScript engine written in C++
String matching algorithms
Articles with example C code
Captain James Douglas 'Chummy' Prentice was a Royal Navy and Royal Canadian Navy officer who served with distinction in the Battle of the Atlantic. In addition to being credited with the destruction of four U-boats while at sea, he also played a significant role ashore in training the often inexperienced recruits required by the Royal Canadian Navy to fulfill its expanded wartime role.
Naval career
Although born and raised in British Columbia, he decided to join the Royal Navy in 1912 when his father forbade him from joining the newly formed Royal Canadian Navy. He retired from the RN in 1934 as a Lieutenant Commander when cutbacks during the Great Depression ended his possibility of promotion. He returned to British Columbia after his retirement from the Royal Navy and had been ranching for a living when the Second World War broke out in 1939.
After an initial period ashore in Sydney, Nova Scotia Prentice was appointed Senior Officer, Canadian Corvettes under Commodore Leonard W. Murray. This position gave him the dual responsibilities of developing tactical doctrine for all Royal Canadian Navy corvettes as well as being Captain of the , part of the Newfoundland Escort Force. It was in this latter capacity that Prentice scored Canada's first U-boat kill, shared with . This action would lead to Prentice receiving the DSO.
After his time in corvettes, Prentice was assigned to develop training and doctrine for the new Canadian destroyers that entered into service in 1942. In March 1943 the RCN disseminated Prentice's tactical manual for Atlantic convoy escort commanders, Hints on Escort Work, which called for 'quick attacks' on U-boats using Corvettes. He received command of and was appointed Senior Captain, Canadian Destroyers in 1943. After a time as senior officer of Escort Group C5 in the Mid-Atlantic, Prentice became senior officer of Escort Group 11 for Operation Overlord. On 7 July Ottawa collaborated in the sinking of in the English Channel. EG11 transferred to the Bay of Biscay in August, where Prentice and Ottawa played a part in the sinkings of on 18 August and on 20 August. For these actions, Prentice was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross (DSC) on 28 November and bar a week later.
Prentice finished the war as a full captain. After a time as Aide-de-Camp to the Governor General of Canada, he retired in 1946. He died in British Columbia in 1979.
See also
Convoy SC 42
References
External links
Canada's 25 Most Renowned Military Leaders
Recipients of the Distinguished Service Cross (United Kingdom)
Canadian military personnel of World War II
Companions of the Distinguished Service Order
Royal Navy personnel of World War I
Royal Canadian Navy officers
1899 births
1979 deaths
Joseph Hoffman (1909–1997) was an American screenwriter.
Biography
Hoffman began his career with a bang as a screenwriter in the mid-1930s and was installed as a junior screenwriter at 20th Century Fox. He is credited with writing the story, dialogue, or screenplay for 57 movies, from Your Uncle Dudley to The King's Pirate. From the mid-1950s into the 1960s, Hoffman wrote for television, including Leave It to Beaver, My Three Sons, The Smothers Brothers, Bonanza, and The Patty Duke Show. From 1954 on, he also worked as a producer at Screen Gems.
Filmography
Films
Television
References
Bibliography
Shelley, Peter. Frances Farmer: The Life and Films of a Troubled Star. McFarland, 2010.
External links
1909 births
1997 deaths
20th-century American screenwriters
Samuel Marsden Brookes (8 March 1816, Newington Green, Middlesex – 31 January 1892, San Francisco) was an English-born American painter. He specialized in still lifes of fish and game, but began as a portrait painter and also produced some landscapes. He was also a member of the Bohemian Grove.
Biography
He was born to a wealthy family of Dutch origin. His father, a botanist, managed a large nursery for exotic plants, in London. In 1833, his family emigrated to the United States, seeking to establish himself as an independent nurseryman, and settled near what was then the new city of Chicago.
As a teenager, he developed an interest in art; copying works from the travelling portrait artists and producing his own miniatures. Despite his talent, his father did not approve of art as a profession. Nevertheless, he took some drawing lessons from James Bowman and, in 1841, became an itinerant painter. Soon after, he married Julia Jones (1825–1898), whom he met in Milwaukee. By 1845, he had saved enough money to travel back to England, where he copied the Old Masters at all the London galleries. He had planned to stay for three years and visit Italy, but his wife and children implored him to come home after only one. By the time he returned to America, he was accomplished enough to attract clients from a higher income bracket and established himself in Wisconsin, near his wife's family. While there, he did several works on commission from the Wisconsin State Historical Society. He also bought a small farm.
In 1851, Gideon Denny, a maritime artist from San Francisco, heard about Brookes from Brookes' sister-in-law, who had moved there in 1850, and went to study with him. He was there for six years and convinced Brookes that San Francisco would be a better place for him. Accordingly, at the first opportunity, in 1862, he went there, liked what he saw and decided to stay. As soon as Julia could arrange the sale of their properties, she and the children followed and they settled in the Mission District. He and Denny shared a studio for many years. Later, he shared a studio with Edwin Deakin. He also took students; among them, William Keith.
In 1865 he helped organize the California Art Union. Later, he was elected vice president of the San Francisco Art Association and was a founder of the Bohemian Club. At some point not long after his arrival, he had given up portraits in favor of still lifes, for which he is now much better known. Fish were a favorite subject and he caught most of them in person. Some of his works were commissioned by Edwin B. Crocker and Mary Hopkins Searles, the widow of Mark Hopkins. Many of his paintings were lost when the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art burned, following the earthquake in 1906.
References
Further reading
Joseph A. Baird, Jr., Samuel Marsden Brookes (1816–1892): an Exhibition Jointly Sponsored By the California Historical Society and the Oakland Art Museum, 1963
Nineteenth Century Wisconsin: An Exhibition of Oil Paintings By Samuel Marsden Brookes and Thomas H. Stevenson, State Historical Society of Wisconsin, 1972
External links
More works by Brookes @ ArtNet
Samuel Brookes @ Find-a-Grave
1816 births
1892 deaths
19th-century American painters
American still life painters
English emigrants to the United States
Art in California
People from Newington Green
Burials at Cypress Lawn Memorial Park
19th-century American male artists
American male painters
American people of Dutch descent
The 1957 Washington Senators won 55 games and lost 99 in their 57th year in the American League, and finished in eighth and last place, attracting 457,079 spectators to Griffith Stadium, last in the major leagues. Chuck Dressen began the year as their manager, but after the Senators dropped 16 of their first 20 games, Dressen was replaced by Cookie Lavagetto on May 7. Lavagetto, a longtime aide to Dressen, went 51–83 for the rest of the year, but would remain at the club's helm into June 1961, its first season as the Minnesota Twins.
The 1957 Senators set an MLB record which still stands for the fewest stolen bases by a team in a season, with only 13. Washington left fielder Roy Sievers set a new team record with 42 home runs to the lead the Junior Circuit, as he benefited from Griffith Stadium's shorter dimensions in left and left-center field, which had been implemented before the 1956 campaign.
Offseason
Prior to 1957 season: Choo-Choo Coleman was released by the Senators.
Regular season
Season standings
Record vs. opponents
Opening Day lineup
Notable transactions
April 29, 1957: Bob Chakales and Dean Stone were traded by the Senators to the Boston Red Sox for Faye Throneberry, Milt Bolling and Russ Kemmerer.
June 17, 1957: Jim Kaat was signed as an amateur free agent by the Senators.
Roster
Player stats
Batting
Starters by position
Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Other batters
Note: G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Pitching
Starting pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Other pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Relief pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; SV = Saves; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Farm system
Kinston franchise transferred to Wilson and renamed, May 11, 1957; Midland franchise transferred to Lamesa, August 1, 1957
Notes
References
1957 Washington Senators at Baseball-Reference
1957 Washington Senators team page at www.baseball-almanac.com
Minnesota Twins seasons
Washington Senators season
Washington Senators
The Jõku River is a river in Estonia in Tõrva Parish, Valga County. The river is 33 km long and its basin size is 83.3 km2. It runs from Virtsjärv into the Õhne River.
The Nähri caves () are located along the river.
References
Rivers of Estonia
Tõrva Parish
The Long Green Line is an independent American feature length documentary film about the 2005 York Community High School Cross Country team, Elmhurst, Illinois. It is written, directed and co-produced by Matthew Arnold, with co-production and cinematography by Brady Hallongren. The film documents Coach Joe Newton's 50th year coaching, while the team is going for their 25th Illinois (IHSA) state title.
There are over 220 boys on the team, and during the film, two of the top seven runners are arrested, expelled from school, and expelled from the team for arson.
The film was released on August 18, 2008, and ran in theaters for six weeks.
Reception
Three stars from Chicago Tribune
Three stars - Chicago SunTimes: ""A healthy reminder of how sports can mold young men and women into better people. "
Awards
Endurance Sports Award - Running Film of the Year
Best Documentary - Lake Forest Film Festival
Best Documentary - Naperville Film Festival
Opening Film - Running Film Festival - U.S. Olympic Trials, Eugene Oregon
Voted #10 Best Sports Film of all time - ESPNrise.com
References
External links
2008 films
Films set in Illinois
American sports documentary films
2008 documentary films
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
Taylor Walker was a large English brewery.
History
Taylor Walker & Co was founded in 1730 in Stepney as Salmon and Hare, and later became Hare and Hartford. In 1796 John Taylor acquired Hare's share, and the company took the name Taylor Walker in 1816 when Isaac Walker became a partner.
The brewery moved to Fore Street, Limehouse in 1823 and into the Barley Mow Brewery in Limehouse in 1889.
Taylor Walker became a public company in 1927. In 1930, a reverse takeover by the Cannon Brewery, which owned more than 600 public houses, most in East London, gave the latter a controlling interest. The Cannon Brewery was owned by the Iggulden family. In 1903 Harold Iggulden became a major shareholder in West Ham United Football Club.
Taylor Walker was taken over by Ind Coope in 1959.
The Barley Mow brewery was closed in 1960 and was demolished in the mid-1960s.
The Barley Mow pub in Limehouse was attached to the brewery, it is now called The Narrow and is owned by Gordon Ramsay Holdings. Beer bearing the Taylor Walker name was brewed at the Burton plant of Allied Breweries until the mid-1990s. Many London pubs had the distinctive Taylor Walker lamp branding outside their premises long after Taylor Walker beer had ceased to be sold.
UK pub and bar operator, Punch Taverns, announced it would resurrect the name Taylor Walker for pubs in London and around the UK on 19 October 2010. This would unite some of the company's most historic and traditional pubs under the Taylor Walker Pubs brand. The Taylor Walker name is still owned by Carlsberg UK, who have signed an agreement with Punch Taverns to use the name for the pubs. Punch Taverns demerged its managed pubs arm as Spirit Pub Company in 2011 and around 120 pubs (106 originally + 92 being in London and the rest being in towns and cities across the UK) eventually took on the Taylor Walker name, although following the Greene King takeover of Spirit Pub Company in 2015, the Taylor Walker brand was retired with the pubs being brought under the Greene King brand.
References
Defunct breweries of the United Kingdom
Brewing in London
Yassan Ouatching (born 28 November 1998) is a footballer who plays as a striker for Hearts of Oak. Born in Cameroon, he is a Central African Republic international.
Career
In 2019, Ouatching signed for Burmese side Zwekapin United. In 2021, he signed for Mohammedan (Dhaka) in Bangladesh. In 2022, he signed for Ghanaian club Hearts of Oak.
References
External links
1998 births
Accra Hearts of Oak S.C. players
Association football forwards
Bangladesh Football Premier League players
Cameroonian expatriate footballers
Cameroonian expatriate sportspeople in Ghana
Cameroonian footballers
Cameroonian people of Central African Republic descent
Central African Republic expatriate footballers
Central African Republic footballers
Central African Republic international footballers
Elite One player
Expatriate footballers in Bangladesh
Expatriate footballers in Ghana
Expatriate footballers in Myanmar
Living people
Mohammedan SC (Dhaka) players
Myanmar National League players
Zwegabin United F.C. players
Profession of Medicine: A Study of the Sociology of Applied knowledge is a book by Medical sociologist, Eliot Freidson published in 1970. The book received the Sorokin Award from the American Sociological Association for most outstanding contribution to scholarship, and has been translated into four languages.
Synopsis
The book comprises four parts: the first part explores the organization of the medical profession, the second explores the performance of day-to-day work, the third, how the concept of illness functions socially, and the last explores what the role of technical expertise should be in a free society.
Freidson argues that the definition of profession is ill-defined and that people do not agree on which activities should be considered professions. He seeks to explore the sociological properties of the medical profession in order to under what "profession" is.
Part I: Formal Organization of Medicine
In this first section Fredison, explores the history of medicine from a sociology perspective contrasting modern medicine with that the Greeks, Renaissance Medicine, and witch doctors in Africa. He distinguishes professions that help people solve problems, including lawyers and doctors in this class, from those that find out what is true, such as academic scholars.
Freidson contrasts medicine to the Zande medicine of East Africa documented by E. E. Evans-Pritchard. Here the role of the doctor was to be a third party who established the causes of illness, as well as leechcraft that consisted of administering drugs and supposedly removing magical pellets emebedded in the body. The Zande people believed that witchcraft was an innate property of individuals that was passed hereditarily but could be inactive. If an individual was found to be practicing witchcraft they could apologize, claim lack of intent and beg for their witchcraft to "cool". Zande witch doctors were not very respected, Freidson hypothesizes this is because their divinations of the causes of ailments were not very effective. Freidson arges that in the past western medicine had a similar role to such witch-doctoring.
Freidson argues that the study of the history of medicine does not give an accurate portrayal of the profession, since the study tends to only identify times at which medicine discovered things that are now considered true, rather than considering the ineffective treatments that were considered best practice at the time. Historians also fail to distinguish between the history of medical discover, and medical practice, noting that discoveries did not necessarily form part of medical practice. He argues that medical practice in the past consisted of a number of conflicting theories for the cause of disease, where untrue theories such as the humoral medicine would sit beside more scientific viewpoints.
Freidson notes the 1860 discovery that anthrax was caused by a bacterium as a significant turning point in the practice of medicine, followed by a period where a theoretical model established a cause of a number of diseases. This allowed empirical treatments to be replaced by treatments based on the actual cause of the disease, or the prevention of the disease by the likes of Koch and Pasteur.
Part II: The organization of professional performance
Freidson explore medical workplaces in this section.
Part III: Social construction of disease
Freidson follows Luckmann and Berger's The Social Construction of Reality to consider how illness can function as a social rather than biological state. Illness is explored as a form of social deviance. Freidson looks at the construction of illness from a professional, lay, and societal perspective.
Freidson notes that the role of medicine had increased in American society taking over roles that had previously been filled by religious concepts. Citing Thomas Szasz, e argues that defining problems as medical problems rather than moral one's risks removing individuals rights to judge moral matters oneself drawing comparison to the individuals right to interpret scripture for themselves.
Part IV: Consulting Professions in a Free Society
Freidson argues that professions should have autonomy to make decisions that are technical, but they should not make decisions in areas where they do not have expertise, and that on moral or evaluative questions lay people should have as same involvement in decision making as experts.
Freidson distinguishes between codified expert knowledge and theories, which is stored in textbooks and publication; and the practice being an expert, which he refers to as research and practice. Freidson argues that since the practice of expertise happens in a social environment, the practice of knowledge if a social and socially biased activity.
Regarding the practice of knowledge, Freidson distinguishes four aspects of medicine: germ theory, the classification of disease, the analysis of prevention or reversing disease states, and the management of when the techniques of disease prevention are applied. Freidson notes that the use of medical technology, in the sense of diagnosis and treatment, has social meaning and so is a social activity.
Freidson thinks germ theory is an expert activity in which the layman is not involved. However, Freidson argues that the identification of disease is in part a moral activity. Drawing analogy to law, a doctor may be an expert in what is an is not a disease, but not whether the diagnosis and treatment is moral, since it is a moral question to decide whether a particular state is undesirable or not.
Influence
Peter Conrad argues that the book was the first book to apply sociological analysis to the profession and institution of medicine itself. The book contains many concepts that have affected out understanding of medicine including professional dominance, functional automony, clinical mentality, self-regulation, the social construction of illness, the connection between illness and deviance, illness as a social state. Bosk draws comparison of with the ideas in the book to Max Weber's analysis on the role of technical rationality and profession expertise on decision-making in a democratic society. Michael Calnon argues that the books sociological perspective is similar to that of structural pluralism where the medical profession is seen as a mediator between the state and the public, with the benefit of increased trust and reduced governmental costs.
References
1970 non-fiction books
Medical sociology
A Biographical Dictionary of Civil Engineers in Great Britain and Ireland discusses the lives of the people who were concerned with building harbours and lighthouses, undertook fen drainage and improved river navigations, built canals, roads, bridges and early railways, and provided water supply facilities. Volume One, published in 2002, covers the years from 1500 to 1830, while Volume Two, published in 2008, covers 1830 to 1890. The principal editor of the first volume was Professor A. W. Skempton, and the entries were written by a number of specialist historians.
An 18-page introduction in the first volume discusses the practice of civil engineering from 1500-1830. The work concludes with appendices discussing wages, costs and inflation, a chronology of major civil engineering works, and indices of places and names. Volume Two's introduction discusses the practice of civil engineering from 1830-1890.
See also
List of civil engineers
References
2002 non-fiction books
Civil Engineers, Biographical Dictionary of
Civil engineering
Dinoponera quadriceps is a queenless species of ants in the subfamily Ponerinae. The species, known from Brazil, is similar to Dinoponera mutica and uses venom for subduing large live prey and defense. Its venom could be of use to the pharmaceutical industry.
Distribution
Dinoponera quadriceps is found in the Caatingas, Cerrados, upland humid forest and Atlantic forest in the northeastern Brazilian states of Alagoas, Bahia, Ceará, Paraiba, Pernambuco and Rio Grande do Norte. Of all Dinoponera, Dinoponera quadriceps has the largest colonies with an average of 80 workers (range 26–238). Dinoponera quadriceps usually nest at the base of trees. Observations of Dinoponera quadriceps nests show that in more arid Caatinga and Cerrado habitats, nests are predominantly constructed under trees, whereas in Atlantic forest 60% of nests were 3 m away from any tree. Nests are deeper in Dinoponera quadriceps (and Dinoponera australis) than in Dinoponera gigantea, suggests that deeper nests are a possible adaptation to seasons and aridity.
Description
Workers of this species is recognized by its finely micro-sculptured integument which is not shiny, rounded anterior inferior pronotal corner lacking a tooth-like process, ventral side of the head lacking any gular striations and long/flagellate pilosity. Males are distinguished by the long fine setae of the second funicular segment, light brown coloration, long narrow parameres, volsella with two small basal teeth and lacking a lobe on the distal edge of digitus volsellaris.
Dinoponera quadriceps may be confused with Dinoponera mutica, but has a finely micro-sculptured integument which is not shiny, lacks gular striations and has a petiole which bulges on the dorso-anterior edge in contrast to Dinoponera muticas roughly microsculptured integument, striated gula and petiole with even, non-bulging corners. Dinoponera quadriceps and Dinoponera mutica differ in micro-sculpturing, gular striations and petiole shape. Distribution records show a distance of over 900 km between the two species, but if specimens are found with an integration of characters in the area of Tocantins and northern Goias then these species may need to be synonymized.
Biology
Like other Dinoponera, Dinoponera quadriceps lacks a distinct queen caste and all individuals are morphologically similar and capable of reproduction. In Dinoponera quadriceps, dominance hierarchies tend to be relatively short where only a few individuals actively compete for reproduction. Dinoponera quadriceps has a marked seasonal pattern in activity. It is most active in May–August, the late rainy season to early dry season in the semiarid Caatinga. Activity is strongly negatively correlated to temperature and positively correlated to prey abundance. The diet Dinoponera quadriceps have been shown to be predominantly scavenged invertebrates, but include live prey, seeds and fruits. Diet seems to be very similar across the genus, regardless of habitat, and the taxonomic diversity of prey is comparable to other tropical ponerines.
Venom
For subduing large live prey and defense, workers possess a sting that has been known to cause severe pain lasting up to 48 hours. Due to the high diversity of compounds and systemic effects, venom could be of use to the pharmaceutical industry. For instance, demonstrated in mice that venom from Dinoponera quadriceps had antinociceptive properties. The authors note that the local population of northeast Brazil uses dry crushed Dinoponera quadriceps ants to treat earaches, and the stings of live ants are administered for back pain and rheumatism.
References
External links
Ponerinae
Insects described in 1971
Hymenoptera of South America
National Docks Secondary is a freight rail line within Conrail's North Jersey Shared Assets Area in Hudson County, New Jersey, used by CSX Transportation. It provides access for the national rail network to maritime, industrial, and distribution facilities at Port Jersey, the Military Ocean Terminal at Bayonne (MOTBY), and Constable Hook as well as carfloat operations at Greenville Yard. The line is an important component in the planned expansion of facilities in the Port of New York and New Jersey. The single track right of way comprises rail beds, viaducts, bridges, and tunnels originally developed at the end of the 19th century by competing railroads.
Route
The line is used to access the port at the Upper New York Bay, which lies east of those crossing the Northeast Corridor. It runs parallel to the New Jersey Turnpike Newark Bay Extension for most of its length and passes through a cut in the Hudson Palisades. It travels north-south on the east side of Bergen Hill and through a short tunnel crossing beneath the PATH rapid transit system. At its southern end trains cross Newark Bay over the Lehigh Valley Railroad Bridge to the Oak Island Yard in Newark. At is northern to end the line travels through Bergen Hill via the Long Dock Tunnel and after passing under Tonnelle Avenue junctions with the Northern Running Track. At North Bergen Yard, the line becomes the River Subdivision. It is an alternate, or secondary, route to the Passaic and Harsimus Line across the Kearny Meadows for trains passing through the Port of New York and New Jersey. As of June 2018, Crossing updated and expanded at Chapel Avenue and siding tracks have been added between Linden Avenue and Liberty State Park.
Renewal and expansion of port
The National Docks Secondary is an integral component in the anticipated expansion of the Liberty Corridor and Cross Harbor Freight Movement projects, including the intermodal container transhipment operations on the west side of the Upper New York Bay in the Port of New York and New Jersey. To that end, as of 2010, the track is being restored, tunnel clearances increased, and redundant overhead bridges removed to allow double stacking of the high-cube containers increasingly favored for intermodal transportation. The line will connect with ExpressRail Port Jersey, a ship-to-rail container transfer operation, planned to open in 2014, and to the planned new post-Panamax container terminal at MOTBY.
History
The line is a remnant of the extensive freight rail infrastructure that once dominated much of the Hudson County, its right of way a combination of routes originally developed by different companies. The name is taken from the National Docks Railway which maintained yards and a storage depot at Black Tom, an island in the Upper New York Bay that was greatly expanded by land reclamation and connected to the north of Caven Point by a long causeway.
The line was built during an era of tremendous growth along the west shores of the bay and the North River (Hudson River), fueled by competing railroads wishing to gain access to the harbor to develop shipping and carfloat operations as well as intermodal passenger transport terminals.
Standard Oil era
The complex history of the line reflects the shifting alliances between competing railroads in the region. The National Storage Company was an arm of Standard Oil, which constructed storage and lighterage facilities on Black Tom Island and the Communipaw shoreline in 1876. Standard Oil had a contract with the Pennsylvania Railroad (PRR) for transporting oil, but the railroad's charter prevented it from extending a line from its cut through Bergen Hill to the National Storage facility. The National Storage Company was thus compelled to use the Central Railroad of New Jersey, which had tracks adjacent to the Black Tom facility.
To circumvent the restrictions on the Pennsylvania Railroad's charter, Standard Oil and the Pennsylvania colluded in 1879 to create the National Docks Railway Company, connecting the National Storage facilities directly to the Pennsylvania line. The line would of necessity run through the property of the Central Railroad of New Jersey, and the Central strongly objected to the condemnation of its land for the benefit of its competitor. After an extended legal battle, the National Docks won a surprise concession in 1882 from the Jersey City aldermen to build an elevated track between the junction with the PRR and the oil docks, and the line was quickly constructed and opened in 1883, operated by the Pennsylvania Railroad. The line was subsequently extended as the Bergen Neck Railroad to Constable Hook in Bayonne where Standard Oil had additional facilities. In 1891, the Bergen Neck Railroad and the National Docks Railway were consolidated.
Six years after its initial construction, Standard Oil reached an agreement in 1889 with the New York Central Railroad (NYC) to connect the National Docks Railway with the NYC's West Shore Railroad at National Junction. The line consisted of the New Jersey Junction Railroad and the National Docks and New-Jersey Junction Connecting Railroad, with the National Docks Railway coming under the control of the NYC. It was now the Pennsylvania's turn to protest against the crossing of its property, and a costly "frog war" ensued. When it was finally completed in 1897, the long tunnel under Pennsylvania's Waldo Avenue yards had cost $750,000, twice what had been projected.
Lehigh Valley era
The Lehigh Valley Railroad (LVRR) initially reached its terminal on the Morris Canal Basin over the Central Railroad's line and later obtained trackage rights on the National Docks Railway. To protect access to its terminal, the LVRR acquired a half-interest in the National Docks in 1890. In 1891, the LVRR consolidated its other holdings in northeastern New Jersey to form the Lehigh Valley Terminal Railway, and it began running a route on a bridge over Newark Bay in 1892.
In 1897, another consolidation took place with the merger of the National Docks Railway Company, New Jersey Junction Connecting Railway Company, the Kill von Kull Railway, and Bay Creek Railway, the latter two being short lines running south to Bayonne. The merged company was known as the National Docks Railway. Much of the company was eventually absorbed by the Lehigh Valley Railroad in 1898. By 1900, the LVRR had full ownership of the line to its terminal at the mouth of the Hudson. Under the direction of the LVRR, the National Docks Railway remained an important connecting line along the Hudson Waterfront, handling traffic for the Erie, New York Central, and Pennsylvania.
In 1911, the Hudson and Manhattan Railroad, the forerunner of the Port Authority Trans Hudson, opened a tunnel under the PRR right of way from its Exchange Place terminal. It emerges in the yard and passes over what is now known as the Waldo Tunnel. The New Jersey Junction Railroad later became part of Conrail's River Line until it was abandoned, and the right of way in Hoboken and Weehawken is now used by Hudson Bergen Light Rail.
See also
Timeline of Jersey City area railroads
List of Hudson County railroad terminals
List of bridges, tunnels, and cuts in Hudson County, New Jersey
Bergen Subdivision
References
External links
northern end
midsection
southern end
YouTube:Cabride on National Docks Secondary from Long Dock Tunnel to Liberty State Park
Blue Comet website photo: Conrail seen passing JCMC
National Aemerican Engineering Record
RRpicarchiives
Cross Harbor Freight Movement Project
HAER
Rail infrastructure in New Jersey
Transportation in Hudson County, New Jersey
Lehigh Valley Railroad
Conrail lines
CSX Transportation lines
Port of New York and New Jersey
Lehigh Valley Railroad lines
The 1987 Seville City Council election, also the 1987 Seville municipal election, was held on Wednesday, 10 June 1987, to elect the 3rd City Council of the municipality of Seville. All 31 seats in the City Council were up for election. The election was held simultaneously with regional elections in thirteen autonomous communities and local elections all throughout Spain, as well as the 1987 European Parliament election.
Electoral system
The City Council of Seville () was the top-tier administrative and governing body of the municipality of Seville, composed of the mayor, the government council and the elected plenary assembly.
Voting for the local assembly was on the basis of universal suffrage, which comprised all nationals over 18 years of age, registered in the municipality of Seville and in full enjoyment of their political rights, as well as resident non-nationals whose country of origin allowed Spanish nationals to vote in their own elections by virtue of a treaty. Local councillors were elected using the D'Hondt method and a closed list proportional representation, with an electoral threshold of five percent of valid votes—which included blank ballots—being applied in each local council. Councillors were allocated to municipal councils based on the following scale:
The mayor was indirectly elected by the plenary assembly. A legal clause required that mayoral candidates earned the vote of an absolute majority of councillors, or else the candidate of the most-voted party in the assembly was to be automatically appointed to the post. In the event of a tie, the appointee would be determined by lot.
The electoral law allowed for parties and federations registered in the interior ministry, coalitions and groupings of electors to present lists of candidates. Parties and federations intending to form a coalition ahead of an election were required to inform the relevant Electoral Commission within ten days of the election call, whereas groupings of electors needed to secure the signature of a determined amount of the electors registered in the municipality for which they were seeking election, disallowing electors from signing for more than one list of candidates. For the case of Seville, as its population was between 300,001 and 1,000,000, at least 5,000 signatures were required.
Opinion polls
The table below lists voting intention estimates in reverse chronological order, showing the most recent first and using the dates when the survey fieldwork was done, as opposed to the date of publication. Where the fieldwork dates are unknown, the date of publication is given instead. The highest percentage figure in each polling survey is displayed with its background shaded in the leading party's colour. If a tie ensues, this is applied to the figures with the highest percentages. The "Lead" column on the right shows the percentage-point difference between the parties with the highest percentages in a poll. When available, seat projections determined by the polling organisations are displayed below (or in place of) the percentages in a smaller font; 16 seats were required for an absolute majority in the City Council of Seville.
Results
Notes
References
Opinion poll sources
Other
Seville
Elections in Seville
The Narada Falls Bridge is a reinforced concrete arch bridge in Mount Rainier National Park, spanning the Paradise River above Narada Falls. The bridge was built in 1927-1928 by contractor J.D. Tobin of Portland, Oregon, who built the Christine Falls Bridge at the same time. The arch spans . The bridge is wide, with an additional on either side for sidewalks. It was faced with rubble stonework and is an example of National Park Service Rustic design. The bridge is not open for public traffic, and leads to the Narada park utility area
The bridge was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 13, 1991. It is part of the Mount Rainier National Historic Landmark District, which encompasses the entire park and which recognizes the park's inventory of Park Service-designed rustic architecture.
References
External links
Historic American Engineering Record (HAER)
Road bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Washington (state)
Bridges completed in 1928
Bridges in Lewis County, Washington
Arch bridges in the United States
Rustic architecture in Washington (state)
Buildings and structures in Mount Rainier National Park
Historic American Engineering Record in Washington (state)
1928 establishments in Washington (state)
National Register of Historic Places in Mount Rainier National Park
Concrete bridges in the United States
Wode Manor (also La Wode, 13th-14th centuries; Wode, 15th-16th centuries) was a manor house in the parish of Brading on the Isle of Wight.
History
Wode, probably the northern wooded portion of the peninsula, seems to have been a member of the manor of East Standen, and passed with it until the death of Nicholas Glamorgan about 1362–3.
It then seems to have been divided, part going with Standen to the Bramshotts and Howles, and the rest with Wolverton to the Hakets and Gilberts. The former moiety is not mentioned after 1480; the latter apparently followed the same descent as Wolverton. The name is now lost, and the manor is apparently merged in Bembridge Farm.
References
This article includes text incorporated from William Page's "A History of the County of Hampshire: Volume 5 (1912)", a publication now in the public domain
Manor houses in England
Country houses on the Isle of Wight
Formetorex (INN), also known as formetamide or N-formylamphetamine, is a substituted amphetamine described as an anorectic which does not appear to have ever been marketed.
Formetorex is also an intermediate in the production of amphetamine by the "Leuckart reaction." It is also commonly found as an impurity in clandestine labs where this synthesis method is used. Due to the simplicity of the Leuckart reaction, it is the most popular synthetic route employed for the illicit manufacture of amphetamines. The synthesis involves a non-metal reduction that is typically carried out in three steps. For amphetamine synthesis, a mixture of phenylacetone and formamide (sometimes in the presence of formic acid) or ammonium formate, is heated until a condensation reaction results in the intermediate product, formetamide. In the second step, formetamide is hydrolysed using hydrochloric acid, and the reaction mixture is then basified, isolated, and steam distilled to produce the free base. The final step, the product is dissolved in an organic solvent and precipitated as the sulphate salt of amphetamine by adding sulfuric acid.
References
External links
Substituted amphetamines
Amphetamine
Anorectics
Norepinephrine-dopamine releasing agents
Stimulants
Formamides
The Purdue Boilermakers softball team represents Purdue University in NCAA Division I college softball. The team participates in the Big Ten Conference. The Boilermakers are currently led by head coach Boo De Oliveira. The team plays its home games at Bittinger Stadium located on the university's campus.
History
Coaching history
Coaching staff
References
Big Ten Conference softball
Al-Jafr may refer to:
Al-Jafr, Saudi Arabia
Al-Jafr, Jordan
Al Jafr prison
Al-Jafr (book), a mystical Shia holy book
See also
Jafr, Rasht District, Tajikistan
John Jay Barber ( – ) was an American painter.
John Jay Barber was born on in Sandusky, Ohio. He studied law, was admitted to the bar in 1862, joined the volunteer army during the American Civil War in 1863, returned sick, and upon recovery determined to devote himself to painting. He received no instruction in art, but settled in Columbus, Ohio, in 1871, and opened a studio. He devoted himself at first to landscapes, delineating scenes in the Muskingum valley. Subsequently he executed cattle pieces, and after 1881 exhibited in the National Academy in New York. In 1881 he painted the "Elysium of the Herd"; in 1882, "Pride of Eastwood Jerseys," and "A Thirsty Party"; in 1883, "The Thirsty Herd," and "Jersey Herd"; in 1884, " The Passing Shower," and "In Pastures Green"; in 1885, "The Cool Retreat."
In 1910, Barber was interred in the Columbus State Hospital due to mental illness attributed to injuries from a fall in the previous April. He committed suicide there with a razor and died on November 27, 1910.
References
External links
Created via preloaddraft
1840 births
1910 deaths
People from Sandusky, Ohio
19th-century American painters
20th-century American painters
The Jazz of Tacoma were a professional basketball team based in Tacoma, Washington which were members of the International Basketball League (IBL) from 2007 to 2009. This is not the first attempt at a professional basketball franchise in Tacoma. The Tacoma Thunder played for two seasons in the league and were replaced by a franchise named the Tacoma Jets, who never took to the courts, having been replaced by the Jazz. In 2009, the team was replaced by the Tacoma Tide.
See also
Bellingham Slam
Olympia Reign
Seattle Mountaineers
External links
Team page on IBL Website
International Basketball League teams
Basketball teams in Washington (state)
Sports in Tacoma, Washington
2007 establishments in Washington (state)
2009 disestablishments in Washington (state)
Basketball teams established in 2007
Basketball teams disestablished in 2009
Robert Benjamin Greenblatt (1906-1987) was a Canadian physician and medical researcher specializing in endocrinology who spent almost all of his career at the Medical College of Georgia (MCG); where he pioneered endocrinology as an independent discipline. He was especially known for his work in the development of the sequential oral contraceptive pill and the oral fertility pill.
Biography
Born in 1906 in Montreal, Canada, Greenblatt attended McGill University in Montreal, where he received his Bachelor of Arts degree in 1928 and his Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery degrees in 1932. In 1935, after completing his internship, he joined MCG as a research fellow in pathology and resident in obstetrics and gynecology. In 1937, he was appointed assistant professor of pathology and gynecology, and two years later, he was named professor of experimental medicine. Greenblatt went on to pioneer endocrinology as an independent discipline.
In his early years at MCG Greenblatt worked with Edgar Pund on the pathology and therapy of granuloma inguinale, a widely endemic venereal disease. In 1943 he volunteered for military service and served as a Commander and Senior Medical Officer in the U.S. Coast Guard. His first assignment was to quell a venereal disease epidemic spreading among sailors in Savannah, Ga. He helped develop mass production of penicillin for battlefield use; commanded a triage unit on the Okinawa beachhead for wounded Marines; and was among the first scientists to inspect the medical effects of the atomic bomb in Nagasaki. Commander Greenblatt was honorably discharged in 1945.
He returned to MCG after World War II and from 1946 to 1974 he served as professor and chairman of the institution's Department of Endocrinology, the first academic department of its kind in the country.
Greenblatt started his clinical work in reproductive endocrinology, the branch of medicine concerned with infertility in women, when the field was in its infancy. His major advances in the field include, in 1950, showing the effectiveness of estrogens in managing menopause symptoms and developing, in 1966, a monthly oral contraceptive pill, an accomplishment for which MCG received national attention. His group's discovery in 1961 that clomiphene citrate could induce ovulation was a breakthrough in reproductive biology, and clomiphene citrate is today the first choice in treating ovulatory disorders. He also showed that the drug Danazol was useful in the management of endometriosis and fibrocystic breast disease.
Greenblatt's published works include hundreds of full-length scientific articles. He also wrote or edited more than 20 books for a lay audience. His 1968 book Search the Scriptures: Modern Medicine and Biblical Personages went through 26 printings. Greenblatt also updated "Advances in Endocrinology" in the Encyclopædia Britannica Yearbook for 18 years. In 1987, he authored Sex and Circumstance: Humanity in History, which contained 44 vignettes detailing the sexual nature of people ranging from U.S. President John F. Kennedy to Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky.
Honors
Greenblatt was awarded the Crawford W. Long Memorial Medal for his work on menometrorrhagia in 1941. He also received France's Legion of Honor, Chevalier de la Légion d'honneur, in 1973, and the Sociedad de Ginecologia y Obstetricia de Monterrey Gold Medal award of Mexico in 1974. In March 1987, he was elected honorary fellow in the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists in Great Britain. MCG's library was renamed in his honor in 1988.
Greenblatt died on September 27, 1987.
References
1906 births
1987 deaths
American obstetricians
20th-century Canadian physicians
The is the 17th season of the third tier of the Japanese football, and the 15th season since the establishment of Japan Football League. It started on 10 March and finished on 24 November.
Clubs
Due to unfortunate withdrawal of Arte Takasaki, the previous season has featured only 17 teams, but for 2013 the league has brought the number of teams back to 18. After having another team (Sagawa Shiga) ceasing its operations and withdrawing after the season, the league has welcomed into its ranks two newcomers, SC Sagamihara and Fukushima United. Both clubs are looking forward to eventual J. League promotion, with Sagamihara holding the associate membership status, and Fukushima having applied for it in 2007, though unsuccessfully.
Last season has for the first time ever featured direct exchange of teams between JFL and J. League. JFL champions and J. League associate members V-Varen Nagasaki were promoted at the expense of Machida Zelvia, who returned to JFL after only a single season in J2.
Tochigi Uva were on the brink of relegation, as their play-off series against Norbritz Hokkaido was tied after two rounds. It was decided in penalty shootout, which Tochigi club has won 4–1 and retained their place in the JFL.
On 26 February Blaublitz Akita and Zweigen Kanazawa were granted J. League associate membership status, bringing the number of such clubs to six, an all-time high mark for the league. On 20 August YSCC Yokohama's application was also granted by J. League, further increasing associate members count to seven. It raised again to 10 members after another J. League board session on 16 September, when applications of Fukushima United, FC Ryukyu and Fujieda MYFC were approved.
Change in rules
Promotion to J. League Division 2
As in the previous year, the league winner will promote to J. League Division 2 (J2) if it meets promotion criteria, and the runner-up will promote to J2 if it meets promotion criteria and win a home-and-away play-off against a J2 club.
As the establishment of J3 League, if a playoff is taken place, the losing team will go to J3, but not staying to JFL.
Relegation to regional leagues
As the establishment of J3 League leads to a number of teams' transfer in next year, only promotion of teams from regional leagues will take place, not relegation.
Table
Results
Top scorers
Updated to games played on 24 November 2013
Source: Japan Football League
Attendances
Post-season promotion and relegation
J2 Promotion playoffs
2013 J2/JFL Play-Offs (2013 J2・JFL入れ替え戦)
After conclusion of the JFL and J2 seasons, playoffs for participation in 2014 J2 season were contested by lowest-placed J2 club Gainare Tottori and Kamatamare Sanuki, who possess J2 license and have finished second in JFL. The playoffs took place on 1 and 8 December.
|}
Kamatamare Sanuki won the playoffs on aggregate and were promoted to 2014 J. League Division 2. Gainare Tottori were relegated to the newly created 2014 J3 League.
Promotion from Regional Leagues
After 10 of 18 teams were set to leave JFL for the newly created J3, the league announced that it would suffer a contraction and only 14 teams would participate in 2014. The league accommodated all winners of the Regional League promotion series and accepted applications from other Regional clubs that were willing to participate in the nationwide league.
The top three spots of the Regional League promotion series were occupied by Grulla Morioka, Fagiano Okayama Next and FC Kagoshima respectively, and Volca Kagoshima took the last spot. However, the Morioka club has been chosen by J. League for participation in the 2014 J3 season, and both Kagoshima clubs have announced their post-season merger to Kagoshima United. On 4 December the league announced the final list of promoted teams:
Fagiano Okayama Next – Chūgoku Soccer League champions, 2nd place in Regional promotion play-offs.
Kagoshima United – new club, created on merger of Volca Kagoshima and FC Kagoshima, Kyushu Soccer League respective champions and runners-up
Vanraure Hachinohe – Tōhoku Soccer League runners-up, and J. League associate members
Azul Claro Numazu – Tōkai Soccer League 4th place, and J. League associate members
Maruyasu Industries – Tōkai Soccer League champions
Renofa Yamaguchi – Chūgoku Soccer League 3rd place, Shakaijin Cup winners, and J. League associate members
References
External links
2013
3
The 2010 Asian Fencing Championships were held in Seoul, South Korea from 8 July to 13 July, 2010.
Medal summary
Men
Women
Medal table
References
Results
External links
Official website
Asian Championship
F
Asian Fencing Championships
2010 in South Korea
2010s in Seoul
International fencing competitions hosted by South Korea
July 2010 sports events in South Korea
The 646th Aircraft Control and Warning Squadron was the operational USAF unit of Highlands Air Force Station. The unit operated the Texas Tower 4, an offshore radar annex from 1958 until it collapsed into the Atlantic Ocean on 15 January 1961, killing 28 people. The squadron was activated on 1 June 1948, and renamed to the 646th Radar Squadron (SAGE) on 1 October 1958.
References
Aerospace Defense Command units
1948 in military history
Military units and formations of the United States in the Cold War
Military units and formations established in 1948
1948 establishments in New Jersey
1966 disestablishments in New Jersey
The 2001 European Baseball Championship was held in Germany and won by the Netherlands. The main venue was the Baseball Stadium Rheinaue in Bonn, secondary venues were in Cologne and Solingen.
Standings
European Baseball Championship
European Baseball Championship
2001
2001 in German sport
Mighty Sounds is a ska and punk rock festival in the Czech Republic. The festival first took place in 2005, in the village of Olší near Opařany, remaining at that location for its first five years, before moving to a disused airport in Tábor in 2010. In 2007 the festival attracted around 10,000 people, and in 2010 its attendance exceeded 12,000 people, making it one of the biggest festivals of its kind in Europe.
Festival
The festival is held over three days. Originally the festival featured one large stage and a second smaller one, plus a theatre tent. Another smaller tent known as the "Sado maso stage" featured techno and drum'n'bass DJs. After heavy rain in 2009 festival site and a nearby campsite for visitors was damaged by mud, and the owner of the site did not renew the contract for next event. Mighty Sounds moved to an unused grass-covered airfield in Tábor for the 2010 event. The festival subsequently featured two large stages, called the Jan Hus and Jan Zizka stages. Other stages include: a Theater tent, where less-known bands perform; the Radio 1 stage, which features electronic music DJs; and the Rudeboy Rhythm stage, which features DJ playing older ska, reggae, rocksteady and punk music. The festival also features a u-ramp for skateboarders and BMX riders, workshops, and special events, alongside normal festival amenities.
Lineups
See also
List of punk rock festivals
List of reggae festivals
References
External links
Official last.fm
Rock festivals in the Czech Republic
Reggae festivals
Punk rock festivals
Music festivals established in 2005
Ska festivals
Summer events in the Czech Republic
USS Britannia was a steamer captured by the Union Navy during the American Civil War. She was used by the Union Navy as a gunboat and patrol vessel in support of the Union Navy blockade of Confederate waterways.
In 1862, Barclay, Curle & Co. Ltd., Glasgow, shipbuilders launched the iron-hulled, side-wheel paddle steamer Britannia. She was first registered to the Leith, Hull & Hamburg company of Leith, Scotland. In January 1863, she was acquired by Leach, Harrison & Forward of Liverpool to run through the Union Navy's blockade of the Confederate coast during the American Civil War.
After three successful voyages carrying munitions and supplies to the beleaguered South, Britannia departed Charleston, South Carolina, on June 21, 1863 and headed for Nassau, New Providence, with a cargo of cotton.
Britannia captured by Santiago de Cuba
About dawn on the 25th, sighted the blockade runner some 90 miles east northeast of Eleuthera Island. Britannia attempted to escape; but, at the end of a day-long chase "against a strong wind and sea" in which the Union sidewheel steamer slowly gained on the fleeing ship, Santiago de Cuba, about 7:00 p.m., finally was close enough to open fire. Her shells fell close around their target and quickly brought Britannia to. Commander Robert H. Wyman, the captain of Santiago de Cuba, placed a prize crew under Acting Master Edgar C. Merriman on board Britannia and sent her to Boston, Massachusetts.
She was condemned by the admiralty court there and sold to the United States Navy on September 29, 1863. However, almost a fortnight before, the Navy—anticipating the completion of this transaction—had placed Britannia in commission on September 16, 1863 at the Boston Navy Yard, Acting Master Hugh H. Savage in command.
Assigned to the Union Blockade of the Confederacy
Assigned to the North Atlantic Blockading Squadron, she sailed soon thereafter for waters off Wilmington, North Carolina, but experienced disabling boiler trouble en route and was towed into Beaufort, North Carolina, on September 26 for temporary repairs. Then, following permanent repairs at the Norfolk Navy Yard, she left Hampton Roads, Virginia, late in November and finally took station off New Inlet, North Carolina, in the blockade of Wilmington, North Carolina.
Britannia hits blockade runner, but the ship escapes
Her first action came in the predawn darkness of December 10 when she fired upon an incoming blockade runner. Britannia's commanding officer was confident of having scored several hits, but the speedy steamer reached safety at Wilmington nonetheless.
Participating in the Bogue Inlet expedition
Britannia was somewhat more successful in her next major action early in the spring of 1864. On March 24, she departed Beaufort to launch a closely coordinated Army-Navy expedition. She carried some 200 soldiers commanded by Col. James Jourdan and about 50 sailors from Union warships , , and under Comdr. Benjamin M. Dove.
The aim of the expedition was to capture or to destroy two blockade running schooners reported to be lying to at Swansboro, North Carolina, and to capture the Confederate troops on the south end of Bogue Island Banks. Arriving off Bogue Inlet late at night, the expedition encountered high winds and heavy seas which prevented landing on the beach. Early on the morning of the 25th, a second attempt was made under similarly difficult conditions. Nevertheless, a party got through to Bear Creek and burned one of the schooners. Bad weather persisted throughout the day and the expedition eventually returned to Beaufort on the 26th with its mission only partially completed.
Rescuing the Swallow
On the morning of April 8, Britannia steamed within range of Confederate coastal batteries to take under tow a small sailing ship which seemed to be drifting helplessly toward the Southern shore. The vessel proved to be the Swallow, a sloop which had been captured by Union side-wheeler off Elbow Cay Light in the Bahamas on March 20. She had departed Abaco 19 days before under a prize crew, but had lost her sails in a gale, and was leaking seriously. Her commander was planning "...to run her ashore as the only means of saving himself and (his) crew."
Britannia attacked by CSS Raleigh
The next noteworthy event in Britannia's career occurred about a month later. On the evening of 6 May, Flag Officer William Francis Lynch, CSN—in the Southern ironclad steam sloop Raleigh—led a small naval force out of the Cape Fear River and over the bar at New Inlet. After crossing that barrier, Lynch headed straight for Britannia which promptly sent up several rockets to warn her sister blockaders of the impending attack and fired her 30-pounder Parrott rifle at Raleigh. Nevertheless, Britannia, badly overmatched, headed out to sea in an effort to escape.
Eager for action, the determined Southerner continued her advance toward the fleeing blockader; but her consorts, the steam gunboat Equator and the tug Yadkin turned back. As Britannia retreated, she fired at Raleigh with her 24-pounder howitzer. Meanwhile the Southerner had opened fire and put out the blockader's binnacle lights with her first shot and came close to scoring again with subsequent rounds.
Rescued by Nansemond
Britannia frantically changed course several times before escaping in the darkness after the Union side-wheeler captured her pursuer's attention. Raleigh and Nansemond exchanged salvos, and Britannia heard the roar of cannon from time to time during the night. At dawn, she saw Raleigh fighting off several other Northern warships as she retired toward the Cape Fear River. The Confederate ironclad ran aground while attempting to get over the bar off New Inlet and had to be destroyed.
Chasing CSS Tallahassee
From time to time during the last year of the Civil War, Britannia chased ships which were attempting either to slip into, or to escape from, Wilmington, North Carolina. The most memorable of these actions occurred on the night of August 25 after she had been alerted by warning rockets from other Union blockaders which had just seen CSS Tallahassee—commanded by Comdr. John Taylor Wood, CSN, the swashbuckling grandson of President of the United States, Zachary Taylor—as that Confederate cruiser was returning from one of the South's most successful commerce raiding cruises and was attempting to slip through the blockade to safety in Wilmington.
A bit under an hour after Britannia had gone to general quarters, she "...saw a stranger on our port quarter running alongshore." The Union warship "...put the helm hard aport and went ahead fast, and fired as soon as the guns would bear. Continued firing and chasing until she (Tallahassee) was close under Fort Fisher, in white water, the breakers being between us and her."
Tallahassee, joined by Southern batteries emplaced on the Mound, fired back at Britannia; and shrapnel from one shell which burst close aboard caused some damage to the Union blockader. Britannia's captain, Acting Volunteer Lieutenant Samuel Huse, reported that he felt "...confident that two of Britannia's shells took effect..." on Tallahassee. Still, the Confederate warship managed to dash by Britannia—the last blockader between her and the bar—and safely reached Wilmington.
Shelling the steamer Ella
Early in December, Britannia took part in the shelling of the steamer Ella which other Northern steamers had run aground on the shoals near the light at Bald Head Point on Smith's Island while that blockade runner was approaching the Western Bar Channel of the Cape Fear River.
Attack on Fort Fisher
Soon thereafter, Britannia began preparations to take part in a joint Army-Navy expedition against Fort Fisher which Confederate forces had erected to control the New Inlet entrance to the Cape Fear River. The ultimate objective of the project was the closing of Wilmington, the Confederacy's only major blockade running port still open.
First day
The Union task force—commanded by Rear Admiral David Dixon Porter—was delayed by bad weather, but launched its attack on the morning of December 24, 1864, following the detonation of the Union powder boat . Transports carrying the Army troops had retired to Beaufort in order to avoid the anticipated effects of the explosion, and fleet units had assembled in a rendezvous area 12 miles from the fort.
At daylight on December 24, the huge fleet got underway, formed in line of battle before the formidable Confederate works, and commenced a furious bombardment. The staunch Southern defenders, under the command of the Col. William Lamb, were driven from their guns and into the bombproofs of Fort Fisher, but managed to return the Federal fire from a few of their heavy cannon. Transports carrying the Union soldiers did not arrive from Beaufort until evening, too late for an assault that day. Accordingly, Porter withdrew his ships, intending to renew the attack the next day.
Second day
At 10:30 the following morning, Christmas, the ships again opened fire on the fort and maintained the bombardment while troops landed north of the works, near Flag Pond Battery. Naval gunfire kept the garrison largely pinned down and away from their guns as about 2,000 men landed and advanced toward the land face of the fort. Late in the afternoon, Union Army skirmishers supported by heavy fire from Union vessels, advanced to within yards of the fort. Union Army commanders, however, considered the works too strongly defended to be carried by assault with the troops available, and the soldiers began to re-embark. Naval gunfire protected some 700 troops who were left on the beaches as the weather worsened. By December 27 the last troops were reembarked.
Attack fails, Union forces withdraw
The first major attack on Fort Fisher had failed. Confederate reinforcements under General R. F. Hoke were in Wilmington and arrived at Confederate Point just after Union forces departed. The Army transports returned to Hampton Roads to prepare for a second move on the Confederate bastion, while Porter's fleet, including Britannia, remained in the Wilmington-Beaufort area and continued sporadic bombardment in an effort to prevent repair of the fort.
Union forces return and Fort Fisher capitulates
Britannia was a part of the new and more powerful Union task force which attacked Fort Fisher early on the morning of January 13, 1865. After taking part in the prelanding bombardment, she lowered her boats to carry troops to the peninsula on which the Confederate fort had been built. Then, once the assault teams were on the sandy beaches, she intermittently shelled the Confederate works during the bloody three-day struggle which culminated with the surrender of the gallant, but beleaguered, Southern garrison on the evening of the 15th.
For a bit more than a fortnight thereafter, the side-wheel steamer busied herself with cleanup operations in the Cape Fear River. Her assignments included holding and transporting prisoners who had been captured at the Confederate surrender.
Reassigned to the East Gulf Blockade
On the last day of January, orders detached Britannia from Porter's fleet and sent her to Florida waters for duty in the East Gulf Blockading Squadron. She reached Key West, Florida, in mid-February and, about a week later, left that port with a joint Army-Navy force which had been assembled to attack Fort Ward, up the St Marks River. The South was attempting to strengthen so that it might be, in the words of the squadron commander, Acting Rear Admiral Cornelius K. Stribling,
...in some sort a compensation for the loss of Wilmington.
The shallow water of the river prevented the Union warships from ascending the St. Marks River high enough to attack the fort. Britannia managed by great effort to get higher than most of her consorts, but a report that the Army was retreating prompted the naval force to begin to withdraw on March 7. The "Britannia, Malauska, and Spiren" all ran agound in the river. However, some Union ships remained at the mouth of the river to prevent the South from using St. Marks as a port of entry. Moreover, the expedition managed to destroy extensive salt works in the vicinity.
Britannia served in Florida waters through the Confederate collapse and sailed north in mid-June.
Post-war civilian career
She was decommissioned at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, on June 28, 1865 and sold at auction there on August 10, 1865. Documented as SS Britannia on September 8, 1865, the steamer served under the American flag as a merchantman until sold abroad in 1886.
See also
Ships captured in the American Civil War
Blockade runners of the American Civil War
Bibliography of American Civil War naval history
Union Navy
Confederate States Navy
References
Ships built in Leith
Ships of the Union Navy
Steamships of the United States Navy
Gunboats of the United States Navy
American Civil War patrol vessels of the United States
1862 ships
Captured ships
Filomeno Mata Totonac is a Totonac language spoken in Filomeno Mata, Veracruz, Mexico.
Phonology
Consonants
// is only found in Spanish loanwords
//, //, and // are only found in very recent Spanish loanwords
Vowels
// and // are only found in loanwords from Spanish and other indigenous languages
References
Totonacan languages
Munawar is a given name and a surname. People with the name include:
Given name
Munawwar Rana Indian poet
Munawar Faruqui (born 1992), Indian stand-up comedian
Munawar Ahmed Gill (born 1956), Pakistani politician
Munawar Hasan (1941–2020), Pakistani politician
Munawar Hussain (1914–2003), Pakistani cricket umpire
Munawar Iqbal (born 1948), Pakistani tennis player
Munawar Khan, Pakistani politician
Munawar Ali Khan (1930–1989), Indian singer
Munawar Humayun Khan, Indian not-for-profit executive
Munawar Sultana (1924–2007), Indian actress
Munawar Ali Wassan, Pakistani politician
Munawar uz-Zaman (1950–1994), Pakistani field hockey player
Munawar Zarif (1940–1976), Pakistani actor and comedian
Surname
Agil Munawar (born 1996), Indonesian footballer
Raheela Yahya Munawar (born 1957), Pakistani politician
Rezwan Munawar (born 1964), Pashto folklore singer
Sheheryar Munawar (born 1988), Pakistani actor and film producer
Yandi Munawar (born 1992), Indonesian footballer
The 1958 Washington Senators won 61 games, lost 93, and finished in eighth place in the American League, 31 games behind the New York Yankees. They were managed by Cookie Lavagetto and played home games at Griffith Stadium.
Offseason
January 23, 1958: Pete Runnels was traded by the Senators to the Boston Red Sox for Norm Zauchin and Albie Pearson.
February 25, 1958: Milt Bolling was traded by the Senators to the Cleveland Indians for Pete Mesa (minors).
Regular season
Pedro Ramos led the American League in losses.
Season standings
Record vs. opponents
Opening Day lineup
Notable transactions
May 14, 1958: Whitey Herzog was purchased from the Senators by the Kansas City Athletics.
May 14, 1958: Al Cicotte was purchased by the Senators from the New York Yankees.
June 23, 1958: Al Cicotte was traded by the Senators to the Detroit Tigers for Vito Valentinetti.
Roster
Player stats
Batting
Starters by position
Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Other batters
Note: G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Pitching
Starting pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Other pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Relief pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; SV = Saves; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Farm system
References
External links
1958 Washington Senators at Baseball-Reference
1958 Washington Senators team page at www.baseball-almanac.com
Minnesota Twins seasons
Washington Senators season
1958 in sports in Washington, D.C.
The Sotto Mayor Palace () is a Portuguese palace located in Lisbon, Portugal.
History
The Sotto Mayor Palace was built for the Sotto Mayor, a Portuguese aristocrat, industrialist, founder of Banco Sotto Mayor and the richest man in Portugal at the time, to serve as his residence in the new avenues being built in late 19th century Lisbon.
In 1988, Sotto Mayor Palace was made a property of public interest by IPPAR.
After a fire in the palace, the Lisbon Municipal Chamber and IPPAR formalized and put into action a plan for re-qualification and remodeling of the palace. These plans called for an annex on the side of the palace, while only minor changes to the palace itself. These re-qualifications prepared the palace for its new function as a commercial center and as location of the Colombian embassy in Portugal.
Sources
Palaces in Lisbon
North Lemmon is an unincorporated community in Adams County, North Dakota, United States. A local landowner, George E. Lemmon, is the town's namesake.
History
The community was a station along the Milwaukee Railroad, now served by the BNSF Railway.
Geography
North Lemmon is located at (45.946112,-102.1576533), just across the South Dakota border from the city of Lemmon. North Lemmon is actually an extension of Lemmon, and includes all of the community that lies in North Dakota. North Lemmon was part of North Lemmon Township, until the township dissolved in 1999. North Lemmon is now included in the Census-designated East Adams Unorganized Territory.
Demographics
The United States Census Bureau does not provide specific population or other demographic information. North Lemmon Township returned a population of 81 as of the 1990 Census, with an estimated population of 66 when the township dissolved in 1999.
References
Unincorporated communities in Adams County, North Dakota
Unincorporated communities in North Dakota
Usher Morgan (born May 23, 1985) is a screenwriter, film director, producer, author and entrepreneur based in New York City. He is best known as the writer, director, and producer of films such as Prego and Pickings.
Personal life and career
Morgan was born in Israel and immigrated to the United States in his early twenties. He founded companies in the publishing, real estate and film production industries. After experimenting with film production and distribution, Morgan began showing interest in producing and directing his own films. His first film was a documentary entitled The Thought Exchange, starring David Friedman and Lucie Arnaz, it was released in New York City in 2012.
Morgan's first narrative directorial debut, a comedy short film entitled Prego was written with the help of Seinfeld writer Andy Cowan. It won the Best Comedy Short Award at the 2015 Manhattan Film Festival, Best Comedy Short Award at the 2015 Chain NYC Film Festival, 2 awards from the 2015 Indie Fest Film Festival, and the Best Comedy award at the 2015 Trinity International Film Festival. Morgan's first feature film, Pickings was filmed in New York City in 2016 and was released to U.S. theaters in 2018. Morgan's directing style is influenced primarily by film-noir and spaghetti westerns.
In 2018, Morgan wrote and published Lessons from the Set: A DIY Guide to Your First Feature Film, from Script to Theaters detailing his experience in writing, directing, and distributing his debut film.
In April 2021, Morgan announced his 2nd feature film, The Thing with Feathers, which he co-wrote and plans to co-direct and co-produce with Katie Vincent.
Filmography
The Jerk (2011)
Worth Fighting For (2011)
The Thought Exchange (2012)
Crowned (2013)
Good Kids (2014)
Prego (2015)
Fine Dining (2017)
Pickings (2018)
Trapped Inside (2019)
Windblown (2020)
The Last Frost (2021)
Dual Action (2021)
Homebound (2021)
The Thing with Feathers'' (2022)
References
External links
Film producers from New York (state)
Living people
People from Yokneam Illit
American book publishers (people)
1985 births
New York City
Steven So'oialo (born 11 May 1977 in Apia, Samoa) is a Samoan rugby union footballer. He played scrum-half for English club Harlequins and formerly Orrell. He played for Manu Samoa in the 1999 and 2003 Rugby World Cup. He also played for the Pacific Islanders team in 2004. He is the older brother of New Zealand All Blacks rugby union international and Wellington Hurricanes Super Rugby player, Rodney So'oialo, and of James So'oialo, who has also represented Samoa internationally.
External links
RWC 2007 profile
Manu Samoa supporters website
Pacific Islanders Rugby Teams supporters website
1977 births
Harlequin F.C. players
Living people
Orrell R.U.F.C. players
Pacific Islanders rugby union players
Rugby union scrum-halves
Samoa international rugby union players
Samoan rugby union players
Samoan expatriate rugby union players
Expatriate rugby union players in England
Samoan expatriate sportspeople in England
People educated at Mana College
Samoa international rugby sevens players
Male rugby sevens players
Sportspeople from Apia
The oasis effect refers to the creation of a local microclimate that is cooler than the surrounding dry area due to evaporation or evapotranspiration of a water source or plant life and higher albedo of plant life than bare ground. The oasis effect is so-named because it occurs in desert oases. Urban planners can design a city's layout to optimize the oasis effect to combat the urban heat island effect. Since it depends on evaporation, the oasis effect differs by season.
Causes
An oasis contains moisture from a water source and/or plants. When that water evaporates or transpirates, heat from the surroundings is used to convert liquid to gas in an endothermic process, which results in cooler local temperatures. Moreover, vegetation has a higher albedo than bare ground, and reflects more sunlight, leading to lower land temperatures, lower air temperatures, and a cooler local microclimate.
Seasonal effects
The oasis effect occurs most prominently during the summer because warmer temperatures lead to more evaporation. In the winter, the oasis effect operates differently. Instead of making the oasis cooler, the oasis effect makes it warmer at night. This occurs through the fact that trees block heat from leaving the land. Basically, radiation cannot be emitted back into the atmosphere because the trees intercept and absorb it.
Urban planning
The oasis effect plays a role in urban development because plants and bodies of water result in cooler cities. Accordingly, cities with parks will have lower temperatures because plants have higher albedo than bare ground or roads. Areas with higher albedo reflect more light than they absorb, leading to cooler temperatures. Normally, cities are hotter than their suburbs due to dense population, dark buildings and roads, and pollution; this is known as the urban heat island effect. However, by careful placement of trees, parks, and plant life, cities can create their own oasis effect. By maintaining plant life throughout a city, urban planners can produce an oasis effect to offer the urban heat island effect; even a small scattering of trees can significantly reduce local temperatures. However, concerns can arise in arid regions with limited water sources where city planners may not want to leave water sources out in the open to evaporate, and may not want to sacrifice water for upkeep of plants.
See also
Urban climate
Water-sensitive urban design
Green roof
Oasis
Evaporative Cooling
References
Climate patterns
Hydrogeology
Hydrology
Meteorological concepts
Guido van Rossum (; born 31 January 1956) is a Dutch programmer best known as the creator of the Python programming language, for which he was the "benevolent dictator for life" (BDFL) until he stepped down from the position on 12 July 2018. He remained a member of the Python Steering Council through 2019, and withdrew from nominations for the 2020 election.
Life and education
Van Rossum was born and raised in the Netherlands, where he received a master's degree in mathematics and computer science from the University of Amsterdam in 1982. He received a bronze medal in 1974 in the International Mathematical Olympiad. He has a brother, Just van Rossum, who is a type designer and programmer who designed the typeface used in the "Python Powered" logo.
Van Rossum lives in Belmont, California, with his wife, Kim Knapp, and their son. According to his home page and Dutch naming conventions, the "van" in his name is capitalized when he is referred to by surname alone, but not when using his first and last name together.
Work
Centrum Wiskunde & Informatica
While working at the Centrum Wiskunde & Informatica (CWI), Van Rossum wrote and contributed a glob() routine to BSD Unix in 1986 and helped develop the ABC programming language. He once stated, "I try to mention ABC's influence because I'm indebted to everything I learned during that project and to the people who worked on it." He also created Grail, an early web browser written in Python, and engaged in discussions about the HTML standard.
He has worked for various research institutes, including the Centrum Wiskunde & Informatica (CWI) in the Netherlands, the U.S. National Institute of Standards and Technolox and officially retired.
Microsoft
In October 2019, Van Rossum officially retired before coming out of retirement the following year to join Microsoft. He currently holds the title Distinguished Engineer at Microsoft.
On 12 November 2020 Van Rossum announced that he was coming out of retirement to join the Developer Division at Microsoft.
1989 Python
In December 1989, Van Rossum had been looking for a hobby' programming project that would keep [him] occupied during the week around Christmas" as his office was closed when he decided to write an interpreter for a "new scripting language [he] had been thinking about lately: a descendant of ABC that would appeal to Unix/C hackers". He attributes choosing the name "Python" to "being in a slightly irreverent mood (and a big fan of Monty Python's Flying Circus)".
He has explained that Python's predecessor, ABC, was inspired by SETL, noting that ABC co-developer Lambert Meertens had "spent a year with the SETL group at NYU before coming up with the final ABC design".
On 12 July 2018, Van Rossum announced that he would be stepping down from the position of BDFL of the Python programming language.
1999 "Computer Programming for Everybody" proposal
In 1999, Van Rossum submitted a funding proposal to DARPA called "Computer Programming for Everybody", in which he further defined his goals for Python:
An easy and intuitive language just as powerful as major competitors
Open source, so anyone can contribute to its development
Code that is as understandable as plain English
Suitability for everyday tasks, allowing for short development times
In 2019, Python became the second most popular language on GitHub, the largest source code management website on the internet, second only to JavaScript. According to a programming language popularity survey it is consistently among the top 10 most mentioned languages in job postings. Furthermore, Python has been among the 10 most popular programming languages every year since 2004 according to the TIOBE Programming Community Index and got the number one spot on the index in October 2021.
Awards
At the 2002 FOSDEM conference in Brussels, Van Rossum received the 2001 Award for the Advancement of Free Software from the Free Software Foundation (FSF) for his work on Python.
In May 2003, he received a NLUUG Award.
In 2006, he was recognized as a Distinguished Engineer by the Association for Computing Machinery.
In 2018, he was made a Fellow of the Computer History museum.
In 2019, he was awarded the honorary title of Dijkstra Fellow by CWI.
References
External links
Guido van Rossum. The History of Python
Guido van Rossum. Neopythonic: Ramblings
Computer Programming for Everybody
Guido van Rossum Interview on FLOSS Weekly
Guido van Rossum interview - Workspiration.org
Guido van Rossum on Python Interview - Computerworld
Guido van Rossum Run your web applications on Google's infrastructure — Google App Engine technical talk at Stanford University. (video archive)
Computer History Museum
Computer History Museum
1956 births
Computer programmers
Dutch computer programmers
Dutch computer scientists
Dutch emigrants to the United States
Free software programmers
Google employees
Living people
Members of the Open Source Initiative board of directors
Microsoft employees
People from Belmont, California
People from Haarlem
Programming language designers
Python (programming language)
Python (programming language) people
University of Amsterdam alumni
Dutch software engineers
Golhar () is a village in Rowzeh Chay Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 685, in 115 families.
References
Populated places in Urmia County
Daryl Smylie (born 10 September 1985) is a Northern Irish footballer who plays for Swedish club Assyriska IK as a midfielder.
Career
Smylie started out playing football for his local Boys Brigade team in Richhill County Armagh. He then started playing for Lurgan Town Boys in the Lisburn league. When he turned 16 he joined the Newcastle United youth academy. During the last two years there he trained with the first team, but failed to make any first team appearances. In the 2005/06 season Smylie spent time on loan at Stockport County where he made his league debut. He joined Scottish First Division club Livingston on a free transfer in the summer of 2006, but was released at the end of the 2006/07 season.
That summer after being released Smylie joined Swedish third-tier club Östersunds FK and played the second half of the 2007 Swedish football Division 1 season. He returned to Östersund the next year and had enough success during the first half of the season to be signed by English manager David Wilson who was in charge of Allsvenskan club Ljungskile SK. The club was relegated at the end of the year but Smylie was signed by another Allsvenskan club, Kalmar FF. However, he struggled for playing time and was loaned out twice to Superettan club Jönköpings Södra until Jönköping finally signed him permanently on a 2+1 year contract at the end of 2011. The club won promotion to Allsvenskan.
On 13 January 2020, Smylie moved to Swedish Division 1 Södra club Assyriska IK.
References
External links
1985 births
Expatriate sportspeople from Northern Ireland in Sweden
Expatriate association footballers from Northern Ireland
Association football midfielders
Northern Ireland under-21 international footballers
Association footballers from Northern Ireland
Living people
Livingston F.C. players
Ljungskile SK players
Newcastle United F.C. players
Scottish Football League players
Stockport County F.C. players
Kalmar FF players
Östersunds FK players
Jönköpings Södra IF players
English Football League players
Superettan players
Allsvenskan players
Expatriate footballers in Sweden
Robert Perkins (born Boston, 19 April 1949) is an American artist, filmmaker and writer.
Films
Perkins has made documentary films for PBS in the US and Channel Four Television Corporation in the UK since 1987, many of which centre around solo canoe journeys around the world, usually in remote wilderness. A mini-series called One Man's Journey (documentary), in which he travels through the Canadian Arctic, for example, aired on PBS in 2005.
Travel
Perkins was the first American to travel to the Kamchatka Peninsula, Siberia after the dissolution of the Soviet Union, which he documented in his 1991 film Yankee in Kamchatka. He traveled down the Limpopo River in Africa for his 1993 film The Crocodile River, the Great Fish River in Northern Canada for both his 1987 film Into the Great Solitude and his 1997 book Talking to Angels, the Connecticut River for his 1994 film Home Waters, the lower Colorado River for his 2012 film Blind Bird Singing Rain, for which he won the Best Canoeing Film award at the 2013 Reel Paddling Film Festival and finally, he canoed from London to Scotland exploring his heritage for his 1993 film One Man in a Boat.
Poetry
Aside from his films, Perkins is also known for The Written Image, an ongoing series of intimate and personal collaborations with poets. These are unusual portraits of poets which he embarked upon in the 1970s. The series has been created in collaboration with renowned poets including two Nobel Laureates Seamus Heaney and Octavio Paz. Allen Ginsberg and Robert Lowell.
Education
Perkins attended Harvard University for his undergraduate education (going on to receive an MA from Bennington College in 2004). It was at Harvard, in Elizabeth Bishop's creative writing seminar, that The Written Image series began. Bishop told Perkins he was not a poet and asked Perkins what he was. He replied that he was an artist and she gave him her poem The Fish to illustrate, thus launching the series, which continues to the present day.
Exhibits
Perkins's work has been shown in exhibitions internationally, including the 2014 Ledbury Poetry Festival and most recently at Benjamin Spademan Rare Books in London.
Selected bibliography
Into the Great Solitude: An Arctic Journey. Publisher: Henry Holt and Company, New York City, 1991.
Against Straight Lines: Alone in Labrador. Publisher: Atlantic Monthly Press, Boston, 1983.
Talking to Angels: A Life Spent at High Latitudes. Publisher: Beacon Press, Boston, 1996.
“Kamchatka: Land of Fire and Ice”. Publisher: Laurence King Publishing, London, 1993.
References
1949 births
Living people
American filmmakers
American male artists
American male writers
Bennington College alumni
Harvard University alumni
Guareña is a Spanish municipality in the province of Badajoz, Extremadura. It has a population of 7,326 (2007) and an area of 283.3 km².
People from Guareña
Luis Chamizo Trigueros (1894 – 1945) was a Spanish writer in Castilian and "Castúo", a dialect in Extremadura.
References
External links
Official website
Profile
Municipalities in the Province of Badajoz
The Peel Players were an amateur theatre group from the Isle of Man in operation during the 1910s and specialising in Anglo-Manx dialect productions.
Through the initiation of Sophia Morrison, the group met for the first time in July 1912 at Christian Street School, Peel. They commenced playing in 1913 with Christopher R. Shimmin as producer.
On 13 January 1913 the Players premiered Shimmin's short Manx dialect play, Illiam Kodhere's Will, in the Gaiety Theatre in Douglas. The Players then took their production of this and another of Shimmin's plays, The Charm, to the David Lewis' Theatre in Liverpool. It was reported of this performance (by Sophia Morrison) that "There was a crowded house. The Liverpool newspapers gave unstinted praise to both plays and players." In the winter of that same year, the Players did a production of Shimmin's next plays, Luss ny Graih and The Dooinney Moyllee.
The Players were keen to use the profits from their performances for charitable purposes in line with their Manx ideals. This included a donation of £52 in 1913 to The Manx Society, for "the publication of Manx books and music, music prizes, and so forth," at a time when the Society was in desperate need of money, and a donation in 1915 to help fund the provision of copies of T. E. Brown's poems for all schools on the island.
When World War I broke out, Mannin reported that: "The Peel Players' revenue had been devoted to war objects, so that their work had been somewhat curtailed for lack of funds." This continued for the following year, when Mannin reported that the Players:
"have this season given their profits to war funds, or for gifts to Peel men on active service and in training; £10 went to Douglas Needlework Fund, £10 to Douglas Belgian Hostel, £5 8s. to Ramsey Belgian Hostel, and the rest to Peel men serving on sea or land."
It was only two years after this, in January 1917, that Sophia Morrison, the inspiration behind the Players, died. The central connection between Morrison and the Players was demonstrated by some of their members forming her pallbearers: John J. Joughin, Christopher R. Shimmin, C. Cashin and C. H. Cowley. The Peel Players did not last long beyond this time.
People who acted with the Peel Players include: Christopher R. Shimmin, William B. Meyrick, John J. Joughin, Evelyn Christian, Amy Preston, C. Cashin, C. H. Cowley, W. H. Crellin, John W. Kelly, Hilda Vick, Amelia Keegan, Lionel Lucas, Charles W. Palmer, Tom Dodd, Sam Harrison and Annie V. Cain.
Although the Peel Players were only a small amateur group, they are perhaps the most significant theatre group in modern Manx history. Through their central place in the Manx Cultural Revival and their premiering works by perhaps the island's most important playwright, in Christopher R. Shimmin, the Peel Players have been compared to the Abbey Theatre in Dublin for their significance to Manx culture.
Plays produced
Illiam Kodhere's Will by Christopher R. Shimmin
The Charm by Christopher R. Shimmin
Luss by Graih by Christopher R. Shimmin
The Dooinney Moyllee by Christopher R. Shimmin
It had also been hoped that the Players could stage productions of Catchin Kirree by F. Corris and Ellie's Stranger by W. Clucas Kinley, but the onset of the First World War disrupted these plans.
References
1912 establishments in the United Kingdom
Performing groups established in 1912
Theatre companies in the United Kingdom
Cultural organisations based in the Isle of Man
Amateur theatre companies in the United Kingdom
Antaeotricha tephrodesma is a moth of the family Depressariidae. It is found in Brazil and the Guianas.
The wingspan is 14–15 mm. The forewings are whitish, partially faintly tinged with fuscous and with a suffused dark fuscous streak from the base of the costa along the basal one-fourth or one-third of the dorsum, followed by some undefined lighter ashy-fuscous suffusion. The first discal stigma is rather large and blackish, the plical smaller, obliquely beyond it. There are two somewhat irregular rather curved suffused dark fuscous lines from the costa at the middle and three-fourths to the dorsum at two-thirds and the tornus, the included space wholly ashy-fuscous except the costal edge. There are seven blackish marginal dots around the apex and termen. The hindwings are grey.
References
Moths described in 1916
tephrodesma
Moths of South America
Bassingthwaighte is a surname. Some notable people with this surname include:
Carmen Bassingthwaighte (born 1986), Namibian professional racing cyclist
Marc Bassingthwaighte (born 1983), Namibian cyclist
Natalie Bassingthwaighte (born 1975), Australian recording artist, actress, and television personality
Michael Bassingthwaighte DSM, Australian army officer who commanded Operation Okra Task Group Taji in the second half of 2019, received Distinguished Service Medal in the 2009 Australia Day Honours
Sarah Bassingthwaighte, American flautist
Millard Airport is a public airport located seven miles (11 km) southwest of the central business district of Omaha, a city in Douglas County, Nebraska, United States. It is owned and operated by the Omaha Airport Authority, who also owns the main airport of Omaha, Eppley Airfield.
Although most U.S. airports use the same three-letter location identifier for the FAA and IATA, Millard Airport is assigned MLE by the FAA and MIQ by the IATA (which assigned MLE to Malé International Airport on Hulhulé Island in the Malé Atoll of the Maldives).
Facilities and aircraft
Millard Airport covers an area of which contains one asphalt paved runway (12/30) measuring 3,801 x 75 ft (1,159 x 23 m). For the 12-month period ending August 16, 2005, the airport had 72,300 aircraft operations, an average of 198 per day: 98% general aviation, 2% air taxi and <1% military. There are 173 aircraft based at this airport: 82% single-engine, 15% multi-engine, 2% helicopter and 1% jet.
References
External links
Millard Airport at Nebraska Department of Aeronautics
Airports in Nebraska
Buildings and structures in Douglas County, Nebraska
Transportation in Omaha, Nebraska
SC Cham 1910 is a Swiss football team which plays in the third tier of the Swiss football pyramid. They are based in Cham and were founded in 1910.
History
The club was founded on 14 June 1910 and was the first football club in Canton Zug. They were originally known as Football-Club Cham. The club made it to the Challenge League in the 1998–99 season. They were relegated shortly afterwards but managed to return for the 2002–03 season. At the end of the 2007/08 season the club were relegated to the 1. Liga.
Stadium
The club plays its home games at Eizmoos which has a capacity of 1,800. The last time the stadium was full was in 2006 against FC Aarau. The stadium is not of a good enough standard to play in the Challenge League so in 2006–07 season and 2007–08 season the club had to play their home games at Zug 94's stadium, the Herti Allmend Stadion.
Players
Current squad
Former players
References
External links
Soccerway profile
football.ch profile
Football clubs in Switzerland
Association football clubs established in 1910
Cham, Switzerland
1910 establishments in Switzerland
Derek Dwane Brown (born April 8, 1970) is an American handball player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1970 births
Living people
American male handball players
Olympic handball players of the United States
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Washington, D.C.
Keep Running (), previously known as Running Man China, is a Chinese variety show, broadcast on ZRTG: Zhejiang Television. This show is classified as a game-variety show, where the MCs and guests complete missions in a landmark to win a race which would provide hints/items to later help them. The show first aired on October 10, 2014.
, 107 episodes of Running Man China have been aired. There are also 2 special episodes and a movie.
Series overview
Episodes
If more than one set of teams are used other than the Race Mission teams, they are divided and distinguished to the corresponding mission under Teams. Team members are listed in alphabetical order from Team Leader to Members, to Guests. As some episodes consisted of road missions and were not confined to a single landmark nor was a landmark officially recognized on-air, the landmark shown for those episodes is the final mission venue.
Season 1
(episodes 1-15)
Season 2
(episodes 16-27)
Season 3
(episodes 28-39)
Season 4
(episodes 40-51)
Season 5
(episodes 52-63)
Season 6
(episodes 64-75)
Season 7
(episodes 76-87)
Season 8
(episodes 88-101)
Special Season: Yellow River
(episodes 102-107)
Season 9
(episodes 108-119)
Special episodes
Season 10
(episodes 120-132)
Movie
References
External links
Running Man China Official Homepage
Keep Running
Marianela is a 1940 Spanish drama film directed by Benito Perojo. It is based on the 1878 novel by Benito Pérez Galdós.
Plot
The tragic story of Marianela, a poor and ugly girl, and Pablo, a man born blind who is in love with her. The action takes place between Socartes, mining town, and Aldeacorba, agricultural area, where Don Francisco Penáguila lives with her son Pablo. Life has been generous with mister Penáguila, but his whole well-being has been overshadowed by the blindness of his son. Pablo is happy beside his guide, a girl who everyone calls "Nela"; with her Pablo walks, talks and delights. Nela, meanwhile, a poor orphan who lives with the family of the mine foreman, mister Centeno, despised by all, incapable of anything useful, just feel joy accompanying Pablo. The souls of the two are so attuned that Pablo one day promises to marry her. The blind man thinks his guide must be extraordinarily beautiful, expression of his goodness. But now comes to Socartes the engineer's brother, Don Teodoro Golfín, famous ophthalmologist, and one of the reasons for his trip is to try to heal Pablo. Don Francisco de Penáguila ardently longs mister Golfín to see his son, who, although Pablo has been evicted by all the great doctors, he does not agree with the fate of his son to be incurable. Precisely his brother Manuel and he just inherited from a cousin, which still has to increase his fortune. Fortuna will not end, unless Pablo get the sense of sight, in which case the marriage would be held with his cousin Florentina, beautiful girl, daughter of Manuel. Pablo's operation and a successful outcome will lead to a dramatic end. "Nela", happy that Pablo regains his sight, but sad because she doesn't want that Pablo sees her, decides to leave. Doctor Golfín finds Nela dying and leads her to the house, where Pablo finally sees Marianela and the girl dies.
Cast
Mary Carrillo - Nela
Julio Peña - Pablo
Rafael Calvo - Teodoro Golfín
Jesús Tordesillas - Pablo's Father
Carlos Muñoz - Celipín
María Mercader - Florentina
References
External links
1940 drama films
1940 films
Films based on works by Benito Pérez Galdós
Spanish black-and-white films
Spanish drama films
1940s Spanish films
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Rutana () is a diocese located in the city of Rutana in the Ecclesiastical province of Gitega in Burundi.
History
January 17, 2009: Established as Diocese of Rutana from Diocese of Bururi and Diocese of Ruyigi.
Special churches
The Cathedral is the Cathédrale Saint-Joseph in Rutana.
Leadership
Bishops of Rutana (Roman rite)
Bonaventure Nahimana (2009.01.17 – ...)
See also
Roman Catholicism in Burundi
References
External links
GCatholic.org
Catholic Hierarchy
Roman Catholic dioceses in Burundi
Roman Catholic Ecclesiastical Province of Gitega
Christian organizations established in 2009
Roman Catholic dioceses and prelatures established in the 21st century
Craig Cannonier (born 1963) is a Bermudian politician, who served as Premier of Bermuda from 18 December 2012 until his resignation on 19 May 2014. He has also served as the leader of the One Bermuda Alliance since 10 September 2011.
Personal life
Cannonier was born and raised in St David's. He was educated at St George's Preparatory school and the Bermuda Institute. After obtaining his high school diploma, he attained a BSc in Industrial Psychology from Towson University in 1986.
Career
Cannonier began his career at the MarketPlace Group where his responsibilities included human resources, training and
purchasing. He also served as a general manager of a People's Drug pharmacy location for ten years, during which time he helped that location become an independently owned, rather than become part of CVS acquisition of 490 People's Drug stores. Prior to beginning his association with Esso Bermuda, Cannonier served as a relationship manager for Cable & Wireless. Mr. Craig Cannonier currently runs Esso City Tigermarket, Collector's Hill Esso and Warwick Esso.
In the wake of the "Jetgate" scandal, Cannonier resigned as Premier, with former UBP leader Michael Dunkley taking over the position.
References
External links
The Hon. L. Craig Cannonier, JP, MP
1962 births
Living people
Premiers of Bermuda
One Bermuda Alliance politicians
Towson University alumni
People from St. George's Parish, Bermuda
Leaders of the Opposition (Bermuda)
Vocal Spectrum is a barbershop quartet from St. Charles, Missouri. In 2004, Vocal Spectrum won the Barbershop Harmony Society's International Collegiate Quartet Contest, and on July 8, 2006, they became International Champions, winning the society's International Quartet Contest. A distinctive feature of the quartet is tenor Tim Waurick's ability to sustain notes for upwards of 30 seconds, and the tenor's and lead's incredibly high vocal range, featured in many of the group's recordings and live shows.
The quartet's run for the title is featured in the 2009 feature documentary American Harmony.
Background
Vocal Spectrum began singing together in September 2003. Each member has graduated from Lindenwood University in St. Charles. Each member is also a member of Ambassadors of Harmony, the International Chorus Champion of 2004, 2009, 2012, and 2016. As of the 2006 International Quartet Contest, Vocal Spectrum is the only quartet in history to capture three of the then-four (now five) possible BHS gold medals (Collegiate Quartet, Quartet, Chorus [as members of the Ambassadors of Harmony]).
The only championship that remains for Vocal Spectrum to win is the Barbershop Harmony Society's Senior quartet contest for which they will not become eligible for at least three decades (no member of a competing Senior Quartet can be younger than 55 years old, and the aggregate age of the quartet must equal or exceed 240 years [average age 60 or greater]).
Members
Tim Waurick – tenor
Tenor Section Leader of Ambassadors of Harmony
Produces "TimTracks" barbershop learning tapes for Ambassadors of Harmony and other groups
Member of the Fantasy Gold Quartet along with Jeff Oxley, Tony DeRosa, and Joe Connelly
Eric Dalbey – lead
Lead Section Leader of Ambassadors of Harmony
Common soloist for Ambassadors of Harmony
Jonny Moroni – baritone
Baritone Section Leader of Ambassadors of Harmony
Co-Director of Ambassadors of Harmony
Chris Hallam – bass
Non-performing member of Ambassadors of Harmony
Awards
The group's Vocal Spectrum II recording was awarded "Best Barbershop Album" by the Contemporary A Cappella Society in April 2009. The album's single, Go the Distance, also won as "Best Barbershop Song".
Discography
2006 – Vocal Spectrum
2008 – Vocal Spectrum II
2011 – Vocal Spectrum III
2013 – Vocal Spectrum IV (now Vocal Spectrum Christmas)
2016 – Vocal Spectrum V
See also
Barbershop music
Ambassadors of Harmony
Barbershop Harmony Society
List of quartet champions by year
References
External links
Official website
AIC entry
Barbershop Harmony Society
Barbershop quartets
Musical groups established in 2003
Professional a cappella groups
Cadman Plaza is a park located on the border of the Brooklyn Heights and Downtown Brooklyn neighborhoods in Brooklyn, New York City. Named for Reverend Doctor Samuel Parkes Cadman (1864–1936), a renowned minister in the Brooklyn Congregational Church, it is built on land reclaimed by condemnation in 1935 and was named as a park in 1939. The park borders Cadman Plaza West and Cadman Plaza East and the west and east sides of the plaza, respectively.
The Brooklyn War Memorial and William Jay Gaynor Memorial are installed in the park.
Location
The plaza is bounded by Cadman Plaza East (formerly Washington Street) and Cadman Plaza West (formerly Ferry Road or Fulton Road), and by the Brooklyn Bridge on the north and Tillary Street on the south. East of the park is the Theodore Roosevelt Federal Courthouse. South of this park, between Tillary and Johnson Streets, lies the small Korean War Veterans Plaza. South of Johnson, the Kings County Supreme Court Building and Columbus Park, featuring a statue of Christopher Columbus, sit on land formerly used as a station for trolley cars. These parks, together with Walt Whitman Park, form a mall from Brooklyn Borough Hall to the Brooklyn Bridge. In 2015, a "Brooklyn Strand" was proposed to unite these parks.
References
External links
Downtown Brooklyn
Parks in Brooklyn
Streets in Brooklyn
Thomas Paulus (born 14 March 1982 in Kelheim, Lower Bavaria) is a German former footballer who last played for SSV Jahn Regensburg. He spent three seasons in the Bundesliga with 1. FC Nürnberg. He retired at the end of the 2016–17 season and became the manager of the Jahn Fußballschule (Jahn Footballing School).
Honours
1. FC Nürnberg
DFB-Pokal: 2006–07
References
1982 births
Living people
People from Kelheim
Sportspeople from Lower Bavaria
German footballers
1. FC Nürnberg players
FC Erzgebirge Aue players
SSV Jahn Regensburg players
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
3. Liga players
Regionalliga players
Association football defenders
Footballers from Bavaria
The green-backed tit (Parus monticolus) is a species of bird in the family Paridae.
It is found in Bangladesh, Bhutan, China, India, Laos, Myanmar, Nepal, Pakistan, Taiwan and Vietnam.
Its natural habitats are boreal forest, temperate forest, and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest.
References
External links
green-backed tit
Birds of Central China
Birds of the Himalayas
Birds of Eastern Himalaya
Birds of Laos
Birds of Vietnam
Birds of Taiwan
green-backed tit
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Chouteau County is a county located in the North-Central region of the U.S. state of Montana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 5,895. Its county seat is Fort Benton. The county was established in 1865 as one of the original nine counties of Montana, and named in 1882 after Pierre Chouteau Jr., a fur trader who established a trading post that became Fort Benton, which was once an important port on the Missouri River.
Chouteau County is home to the Chippewa-Cree tribe on the Rocky Boy Indian Reservation. It contains part of the Lewis and Clark National Forest.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.6%) is water.
Chouteau County was once the largest county in the Montana Territory and the second largest in the United States, with an area of in the early 20th century. However, some parts of the county were over from Fort Benton, and in 1893, the first of several divisions began with the creation of Teton County, the western portion of Chouteau County. Chouteau County lost half of its population from 1910 to 1930.
The land is mostly prairie. The Bear Paw Mountains rise in the eastern section and the Little Rockies and the Highwood ranges are in the southern portion. Major rivers include the Teton River, Marias River, Missouri River and the Arrow River.
Adjacent counties
Liberty County – north
Hill County – north
Blaine County – east
Fergus County – southeast
Judith Basin County – south
Cascade County – south
Teton County – west
Pondera County – northwest
Major highway
U.S. Route 87
National protected areas
Lewis and Clark National Forest (part)
Upper Missouri River Breaks National Monument (part)
Politics
Demographics
2000 census
As of the 2000 United States census, there were 5,970 people, 2,226 households, and 1,613 families living in the county. The population density was 2 people per square mile (1/km2). There were 2,776 housing units at an average density of <1/km2 (1/sq mi). The racial makeup of the county was 84.00% White, 0.08% Black or African American, 14.62% Native American, 0.23% Asian, 0.10% Pacific Islander, 0.23% from other races, and 0.72% from two or more races. 0.67% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 23.9% were of German, 11.7% Norwegian, 8.2% English and 7.3% Irish ancestry. 96.0% spoke English, 2.5% Cree and 1.0% Spanish as their first language.
There were 2,226 households, out of which 34.00% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.90% were married couples living together, 8.40% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.50% were non-families. 24.90% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.60% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.11.
The county population contained 28.80% under the age of 18, 6.50% from 18 to 24, 24.10% from 25 to 44, 23.10% from 45 to 64, and 17.50% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 100.80 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.10 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $29,150, and the median income for a family was $32,399. Males had a median income of $22,080 versus $19,318 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,851. About 16.50% of families and 20.50% of the population were below the poverty line, including 29.30% of those under age 18 and 8.40% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States census, there were 5,813 people, 2,294 households, and 1,560 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 2,879 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 75.8% white, 21.8% American Indian, 0.4% Asian, 0.1% Pacific islander, 0.1% black or African American, 0.3% from other races, and 1.6% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.6% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 27.6% were German, 13.0% were Irish, 11.2% were English, 9.8% were Norwegian, and 2.0% were American.
Of the 2,294 households, 31.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.3% were married couples living together, 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 32.0% were non-families, and 29.1% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.04. The median age was 41.5 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $41,064 and the median income for a family was $50,201. Males had a median income of $33,866 versus $25,077 for females. The per capita income for the county was $20,202. About 14.8% of families and 21.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including 33.6% of those under age 18 and 6.2% of those age 65 or over.
Economy
Chouteau County is the state's largest winter wheat producer. It is located in the heart of the "Golden Triangle", which produces about 45% of Montana's annual wheat crop.
Communities
City
Fort Benton (county seat)
Towns
Big Sandy
Geraldine
Highwood
Census-designated places
Boneau
Carter
Floweree
Highwood
Loma
Parker School
Rocky Boy West
Square Butte
Sunnybrook Colony
Twin Hills Colony
Unincorporated communities
Big Sag
Coal Banks Landing
Lippard
Shepherd Crossing
Shonkin
Stranahan
Virgelle
Warrick
Woods Crossing
See also
List of lakes in Chouteau County, Montana
List of mountains in Chouteau County, Montana
National Register of Historic Places listings in Chouteau County, Montana
References
External links
Montana counties on the Missouri River
1865 establishments in Montana Territory
Populated places established in 1865
Motoșeni (formerly Ursa Motoșeni) is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of fourteen villages: Bâclești, Chetreni, Chicerea, Cociu, Cornățelu, Fântânele, Fundătura, Gura Crăiești, Motoșeni, Poiana, Praja, Rotăria, Șendrești and Țepoaia.
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Jasic Technology Company Ltd. () is a Chinese corporation operating out of Shenzhen, in the province of Guangdong. Its headquarters are in Pingshan New District.
The company manufactures and sells inverter welding machines, engine driven welders and other welder equipment primarily used in construction. Jasic is listed on The Shenzhen Stock Exchange.
Jasic was the center of a labor and political conflict in the city of Guangdong, referred to as the Jasic Incident.
Overview
Jasic Technology Company was founded in 2005 in Shenzhen, Guangdong. Jasic presently operates three factories in Shenzhen: Jasic Industrial Park, Chongqing Yunda Industrial Park, and Chengdu Jasic Industrial Park.
2018 labour dispute
The Jasic Technology Company was at the center of a widely reported controversy regarding the treatment of employees at Jasic Industrial Park in Shenzhen. Workers at the plant cited low pay, long hours, poor working conditions and, in addition, accused the management of Jasic of violating Chinese labor laws through illegal coerced overtime and excessive company fines.
In May 2018 several employees of Jasic petitioned to form a labor union with the All-China In Federation of Trade Unions, which was rejected. The workers decided to continue to build their union independently, workers reported that union organizers were attacked and beaten so after. Tensions sparked on 27 July when twenty nine workers and supporters were arrested and allegedly beaten by Shenzhen Police.
In response to the arrests, at noon on Monday, 6 August a group of eighty demonstrators publicly protested against the detainment outside of the Yanziling police station.
"At noon on Monday, about 80 supporters staged a second rally under the scorching sun outside Yanziling police station in Shenzhen's Pingshan district, about 50 km (31 miles) from the border with Hong Kong. More than 40 Communist Party members and retired cadres, who are part of the country's leading Maoist internet forum, Utopia, joined the rally."
A wide range of public figures condemned Chinese suppression of labor activists including MIT professor Noam Chomsky, Chinese labor activist Li Qiang, University of Hong Kong professor Pan Yi, Chris Chan King-chi, Marxist philosopher Slavoj Žižek, American socialist journal Jacobin, Amnesty International, Human Rights Watch, and Cornell University.
References
External links
Official Twitter (English)
Official Website (English)
Companies listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange
Manufacturing companies based in Shenzhen
Chinese companies established in 2005
Technology companies of China
Welding
Labor disputes in China
Jasic incident
Electoral reform in New Jersey refers to efforts to change the voting laws in the Garden state.
Electoral College
In January 2008, New Jersey become the second state, after Maryland, to pass legislation that opposes the Electoral College in the United States. The compact, signed by Democratic Governor Jon S. Corzine, would deliver the state's 15 electoral votes to the winner of the national popular vote. The compact, however, would take effect only if enough states agree to it, that is, enough states to win a majority of votes in the Electoral College. The goal of such legislation is to ensure that an occurrence similar to that of the 2000 election, where the winner of the Presidential election did not hold the highest number of votes nationally, does not happen. Republican members of the New Jersey General Assembly opposed the legislation.
See also
Electoral reform in the United States
Electoral reform
References
"New Jersey Rejects Electoral College" Accessed June 2, 2009
New Jersey
New Jersey law
Jānis Vucāns (born 9 February 1956) is a Latvian politician and mathematician. He is the member of the Latvijai un Ventspilij Party and a deputy of the 11th, 12th and 13th Saeima, representing the Union of Greens and Farmers. He began his current term in parliament on 17 October 2011. He has graduated from University of Latvia.
Dr. Vucāns served as President of the Baltic Sea Parliamentary Conference from 2015 through 2016.
References
1956 births
Living people
Scientists from Riga
For Latvia and Ventspils politicians
Deputies of the 10th Saeima
Deputies of the 11th Saeima
Deputies of the 12th Saeima
Deputies of the 13th Saeima
Latvian mathematicians
Riga State Gymnasium No.1 alumni
University of Latvia alumni
Recipients of the Order of the Cross of Terra Mariana, 3rd Class
Politicians from Riga
Groulx is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Benoit Groulx (Canadian football)
Benoit Groulx (ice hockey)
Benoit-Olivier Groulx, hockey player
Danny Groulx, hockey player
Danny Groulx (Canadian football)
Georges Groulx, actor
Gilles Groulx, filmmaker
Henri Groulx, politician
Joseph Groulx, storyteller
Lionel Groulx, historian
Collège Lionel-Groulx, a college
Lionel-Groulx station, a station on the Montreal Metro
Pierre Groulx, hockey coach
Sébastien Groulx, weightlifter
Sylvie Groulx, filmmaker
Teddy Groulx, hockey player
Wayne Groulx, hockey player
Will Groulx, wheelchair rugby player
See also
Monts Groulx, a range of hills
Groulx, an electoral district
Kim Kwang-song (born 19 February 1992) is a North Korean weighlifter. He competed at the 2013 World Championships in the Men's 77 kg, winning the Silver medal.
References
North Korean male weightlifters
1992 births
Living people
Weightlifters at the 2014 Asian Games
Asian Games medalists in weightlifting
World Weightlifting Championships medalists
Asian Games silver medalists for North Korea
Medalists at the 2014 Asian Games
The 2022 National budget of Bangladesh was presented by the Minister of Finance AHM Mustafa Kamal on 9 June 2022. The National budget is for the fiscal year beginning on 1 July 2022, and ending on 30 June 2023. The budget was the 14th presented by the Awami League-led Grand Alliance of Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina since returning to office in 2009. The budget was the third to be presented since the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic and focused primarily on economic recovery from the pandemic and ameliorating the impact of rising inflation as a result of the Russia-Ukraine conflict.
History
The National Budget is the annual financial statement of Bangladesh; an estimate of income and expenditure of the Government of Bangladesh on a periodical basis. Under Article 87.(1) of the Constitution of Bangladesh, it is a compulsory task of the government. Upon achieving independence, the first budget of Bangladesh was presented by Tajuddin Ahmad in 1972 and totaled . This was the 51st national budget of Bangladesh. Former Ministers of Finance AMA Muhith and Saifur Rahman presented 12 budgets each for their respective governments, the highest number in Bangladesh's history. The 2022 budget was the 51st in the nation's history and the 23rd budget to be presented by an Awami League-led government.
Significant announcements
The total expenditure for the budget is , an increase of (12.32%) from the previous fiscal year. This consists of allocated for operating and other expenditures, while has been allocated for the Annual Development Programme.
The total revenue collection has been fixed at , of which is due to be raised by the National Board of Revenue, while will be raised from non-NBR and other sources.
The total GDP growth rate was fixed at 7.5% with an estimated total GDP of
The total deficit of the budget is equivalent to 5.5% of GDP, a 0.7% decrease from the previous fiscal year. The government intends to finance the deficit through the use of various domestic and external sources.
The average inflation rate was projected to be 5.6%. Kamal stated that rising inflation was as a result of external factors beyond the control of the government such as the rise in oil prices, depreciation of the Taka against the US dollar, increase in inflation among trading partners, disruption of the global supply chain and the Russia-Ukraine conflict. The Finance Minister pledged the government would do its utmost to contain inflation and provide relief for the masses.
The Minister announced an initiative to allow Deputy Commissioners of Taxes to cut supplies of utilities such as power, water and gas to businesses who deliberately evade the payment of taxes.
References
Further reading
Full text of Budget speech delivered by Minister of Finance AHM Mustafa Kamal MP
Government of Bangladesh
2022 government budgets
2022 in Bangladesh
Chaunoides is an extinct genus of screamer. Only one species of this genus is known, namely Chaunoides antiquus.
Anhimidae
Miocene birds
Prehistoric bird genera
Fossil taxa described in 1999
Laddu Peethi is Pakistani street food that is served with chutney and salad. It originated among the Punjabi people, and is widely available in the city. Vendors are see selling it mostly on carts. Ludo Peethi is prepared with blended mixed lentils and then deep fried, and then chopped onion is added with a thick yogurt mixture.
References
Punjabi cuisine
Desi culture
Christophe Moehrlen (20 January 1800 – 28 February 1871), pen name: Christoph Irenius, was a Swiss French Protestant pastor of German origin, schoolteacher and author of children's literature.
Biography
Moehrlen was teacher at the Evangelical College in Schiers, at the poorhouse Calame in Le Locle and at Christian Friedrich Spittler′s Griechenanstalt in Beuggen. He later worked as a pastor in Payerne, where he founded a reformatory for boys, and finally in Daillens. In addition to some educational works and translations, he published in 1839 under the pseudonym Christoph Irenius the autobiographical book Eine wahrhafte Geschichte ("A true story").
Moehrlen was the father-in-law of Otto Sutermeister.
Selected works
Christoph Irenius: Eine wahrhafte Geschichte. Autobiography. Basel, 1839.
Geschichte der Waldenser: von ihrem Ursprunge an bis auf unsere Zeit. Basel: Bahnmaier's Buchhandlung, C. Detloff, 1844. 99 pages.
Das Buch der Wahrheitszeugen oder der theuern protestantisch-evangelischen Kirche ununterbrochene Fortdauer in allen Jahrhunderten. Geschichtserzählungen für Schule und Haus. 2 Volumes, Basel 1844–1845 (Volume 1 and Volume 2 at Munich Digitization Center)
Histoire biblique pour les écoles et les familles. Translation from German to French. Payerne: Louis Gueissaz, 1850–60.
Secondary literature
Marie Dedie-Moehrlen. Une belle vie: la vie de mon grand-père, le pasteur Christophe Moehrlen, 1800–1871. Neuchâtel: Impr. P. Attinger S.A., 1936. 199 pages.
Olivier Dedie (editor). Le dernier journal du pasteur Christophe Moehrlen. (from 1866 to 1869) Rolle: Société d'histoire de la Côte, 1987. 32 pages.
References
External links
1800 births
1871 deaths
People from Freudenstadt (district)
German schoolteachers
Swiss schoolteachers
German educational theorists
Swiss educational theorists
German children's writers
Swiss children's writers
German male novelists
Swiss male novelists
Swiss writers in French
German Protestant clergy
Swiss Protestant ministers
Protestant writers
19th-century Swiss novelists
19th-century German novelists
19th-century German male writers
19th-century German educators
19th-century Swiss educators
Swiss writers in German
Todd Gillman (born 24 February 1967) is a Canadian former ski jumper who competed in the 1988 Winter Olympics. He was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba.
References
1967 births
Living people
Canadian male ski jumpers
Olympic ski jumpers of Canada
Ski jumpers at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Winnipeg
Bambuser AB (publ) is a Swedish company, founded in 2007. Bambuser provides a platform for mobile live video streaming but in 2014, they shifted focus to their B2B offering, providing mobile live video for brands, organizations and app developers. Bambuser's HQ is situated in Stockholm, Sweden, with an office in Turku, Finland. The Swedish office concentrates on business development, marketing and European sales, while the Turku office focuses on technology and development. In May 2017, Bambuser was listed on Nasdaq First North stock exchange (ticker: Buser).
Products
Bambuser's Mobile Live Video Platform
Bambuser offers an end-to-end solution for live streaming that companies use to integrate live video in their workflows and apps.
Bambuser Software Development Kit
Bambuser SDKs allow developers to integrate live video broadcasting and playback in mobile apps.
History
Bambuser started out as an online community that was an interactive mobile video streaming platform which enabled users to effortlessly stream and share live video using a smartphone or a computer equipped with a webcam. In addition to being accessible on the Bambuser website, broadcasts were also able to be shared on various social media websites such as Facebook, Twitter, Tumblr and Blogger. The Bambuser community was a free to use service for private individuals and representatives of charities.
Bambuser Community in the Media
In 2010, Finnish broadcasting channel YLE adopted Bambuser as an alternative platform for their online and news broadcasts. This allowed YLE to get more live-coverage on their webpage, and allowed the viewers to interact with the reporters on the scene.
In November 2010, Bambuser was one of the finalists in The Europas, the European Startup Awards. 33,126 votes were cast across 23 categories, and eight judges deliberated over the results.
On January 1, 2011, the Swedish Pirate party celebrated its five-year anniversary with a Bambuser live broadcast with party leader Rick Falkvinge and vice party leader Anna Troberg. Live in the video, Falkvinge sent a tweet saying he stepped down as party leader, and he announced that his successor would be Troberg.
Bambuser Community use in the Middle East
During the demonstrations in Egypt, Bambuser (along with microblogging site Twitter) was blocked by the government. Shortly thereafter most of the country's internet traffic was restricted. During this blackout, Bambuser set up a special Egypt page on their website, collecting all the streams originating from Egypt and the protests on Tahrir Square. This page later evolved into the North Africa/Middle East page.
During the protests in Bahrain, a similar situation emerged, as government officials blocked access to the Bambuser homepage. In the Syrian civil war, Bambuser was used to a great extent by citizen journalists in an effort to document and raise awareness of the events taking place inside the country. On 17 February 2012, Syria was reported to have blocked access to the Bambuser website.
During the Gezi protests in Turkey, citizens started broadcasting the police violence and oppression of the AKP regime with the Bambuser app. As a response, the Prime Ministry banned Bambuser in Turkey illegally, without a court decision. The ban was still ongoing as 4 April 2014.
Associated Press
The Associated Press are stakeholders in Bambuser, and are active users. Thousands of AP reporters worldwide are equipped with the Bambuser app for capturing and broadcasting live video and photo content. AP entered into a partnership deal connected to the Bambuser Community in April 2012. Since then, users of the Bambuser service have had the option to share their broadcasts with the AP. The partnership enables AP to use Bambuser as a source for user-generated content coming from citizen journalists. In addition to sharing the actual content, users were required to disclose some form of contact information which enables AP to verify the authenticity of the broadcast material and properly credit the author.
On June 20, 2013 the partnership between the two companies was extended when the AP announced their purchase of a minority stake in Bambuser.
References
Streaming software
Companies based in Stockholm
Swedish companies established in 2007
Robert Damien Bale Croft MBE (born 25 May 1970) is a former Welsh cricketer who played international cricket for England. He is an off-spin bowler who played for Glamorgan and captained the county from 2003 to 2006. He retired from first class cricket at the end of the 2012 season, having played county cricket for 23 seasons. He commentates on cricket occasionally for Sky Sports.
Early life and education
Croft was born on 25 May 1970 in Morriston, Swansea. He was educated at St John Lloyd's Roman Catholic Comprehensive School, Llanelli. He played rugby union as a scrum half for Llanelli RFC Under-11s. He studied at Swansea Metropolitan University.
Cricketing career
He made his England debut against Pakistan in 1996, and did enough to earn a touring place to Zimbabwe and New Zealand. In Christchurch, he took his Test best figures of 5–95 and his winter figures were a highly impressive 182.1–53–340–18. He played the first five tests of the 1997 Ashes series but was dropped for the final test, replaced by Phil Tufnell, after averaging 54 with the ball and showing a weakness to short-pitched fast bowling as a batsman.
Around this time, Croft was involved in what ESPNCricinfo calls "an unsavoury, but in truth pretty harmless, pushing and finger-wagging incident" with Mark Ilott during the NatWest Trophy semi-final against Essex, which Glamorgan narrowly lost. However Croft had a happier experience that year in helping his county to their first County Championship in 28 years, Croft taking 54 wickets in Glamorgan's campaign at an average of 23.31.
Croft toured the West Indies with England that winter, but in spite of taking six wickets in the fourth Test, it was the only Test he played that series. Restored to the England Test team the following summer, his last-wicket stand with Angus Fraser in the third Test of the 1998 series against South Africa saved England from an innings defeat, Croft personally scoring his highest Test score, 37 not out. Wisden observed that "England found an unlikely hero in Croft, who made up for three wicketless Tests by keeping his end intact for more than three hours". Croft was dropped for the next Test, although his innings helped to shift the momentum in the series, which England won. He enjoyed another relatively successful tour in Sri Lanka early in 2001, taking nine wickets at 28.66 as England won the three-match Test series. In general, Croft was a more effective Test bowler overseas, where he took 35 wickets in 9 Tests at 24.65, than in England, where he took 14 wickets in 12 Tests at 68.71.
His final Test match was the third Ashes Test of 2001 at Trent Bridge where he bowled just 3 overs. He was selected for the subsequent tour of India but he withdrew because of safety fears and was also selected for the 2003/04 tour of Sri Lanka but failed to play. After returning home, he announced his international retirement to concentrate on the captaincy of Glamorgan.
On 12 September 2006, after just two County Championship victories in 15 games thus far in the season, he announced his resignation from the captaincy, and was succeeded by David Hemp.
Exactly a year later, he passed 1,000 first-class wickets after dismissing Niall O'Brien; he became the first Welsh cricketer to take the double of 10,000 first-class career runs and 1,000 first-class career wickets. As of March 2022, he is the last cricketer anywhere to achieve this feat in first-class cricket, and with the increasing focus of higher-ability cricketers on limited-over forms of the game, he is likely to remain the last. In November 2007, he joined voices calling for a "clampdown" on Twenty20 problems with abusive crowds, after suffering abusive calls at Taunton Cricket Ground. On 1 August 2010 he got his first hat-trick against Gloucestershire to help Glamorgan win the match. It also made him the first Glamorgan spinner to take a hat-trick in 46 years.
Croft was once honoured as a druid at the Welsh cultural event, the National Eisteddfod.
He was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2013 New Year Honours for services to cricket.
In October 2018, Croft left his role as Glamorgan head coach.
England tours
England 'A'
West Indies 1992
South Africa 1993/94
England
Zimbabwe / New Zealand 1996/97
Sharjah / West Indies 1997/98
Australia 1998/99
Sri Lanka 2000/01 and 2003/04.
Team honours
Glamorgan (1989 – 2012)
Champions
County Championship: 1997
National League: 1993, 2002, 2004
National League Division 2: 2001
Individual honours
Glamorgan Cap: 1992
Glamorgan Young Player of the Year: 1990, 1992
Glamorgan Player of the Year: 1996, 2003, 2004, 2007
St. Helen's Balconiers Player of the Year: 2007
Glamorgan benefit season: 2000
Glamorgan captain: 2003–2006
The Weatherall Award: 2004 (for the leading all-rounder in English first-class game)
Reached 1000 first class wickets for Glamorgan
Career best performances
Achievements
First Welsh cricketer to score 10,000 runs and take 1,000 wickets in first-class cricket (2007)
Elected to the Gorsedd of Bards
Books
Bennett, Androw and Croft, Robert (1995) Dyddiadur Troellwr Y Lolfa, Talybont, Dyfed
Steen, Rob with Croft, Robert and Elliott, Matthew (1997) Poms and cobbers : the Ashes 1997 : an inside view Andre Deutsch, London
References
External links
Cricinfo page on Robert Croft
1970 births
Living people
England One Day International cricketers
England Test cricketers
Welsh cricketers
Glamorgan cricketers
Glamorgan cricket captains
Cricketers from Swansea
Alumni of Swansea Metropolitan University
Bards of the Gorsedd
Marylebone Cricket Club cricketers
Members of the Order of the British Empire
Conservative Party (UK) people
English cricket coaches
Test and County Cricket Board XI cricketers
Cricketers at the 1999 Cricket World Cup
The Dawn of the Egyptian novel is a book written by the Egyptian novelist and writer Yahya Haqqi (17 January 1905 - 9 December 1992).
Content
In the book “The Dawn of the Egyptian novel”, Yahya Haqqi chronicles modern Egyptian anecdotal art, writing about the novel "Zainab" by Mohammed Hussein Heikal and writes about Muhammad Taimur, Mahmud Tahir Lashin, Issa Obeid and Tawfiq al-Hakim. He also discusses Mahmud Tahir Haqqi's novel "The Virgin of Dunshui" (original title:ʿḏrāʾ dnšwy) as well as "The Pen Paintings" as a tribute to the art of the short story, and among those who wrote "Pen paintings".
References
Egyptian books
20th-century Arabic books
1960 books
The Rural Municipality of Brokenshell No. 68 (2016 population: ) is a rural municipality (RM) in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan within Census Division No. 2 and Division No. 2. It is located in the southeast portion of the province.
History
The RM of Brokenshell No. 68 incorporated as a rural municipality on December 13, 1909.
Geography
Communities and localities
The following unincorporated communities are located within the RM.
Organized hamlets
Trossachs
Localities
Abbott
Axford
Brightmore
Clearfield
Yeoman
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, the RM of Brokenshell No. 68 had a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
In the 2016 Census of Population, the RM of Brokenshell No. 68 recorded a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change from its 2011 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2016.
Government
The RM of Brokenshell No. 68 is governed by an elected municipal council and an appointed administrator that meets on the first Thursday of every month. The reeve of the RM is Garry Christopherson while its administrator is Pamela Scott. The RM's office is located in Weyburn. The RM's office was located in Trossachs until 1941 when permission was received to share offices with the RM of Weyburn No. 67, though technical operations remain in Trossachs.
References
B
Division No. 2, Saskatchewan
Murli Halt railway station is a halt railway station on the branch of Sahibganj loop line under the Malda railway division of Eastern Railway zone. It is situated beside Tin Pahar-Rajmahal Road at Mahadevpur in Sahebganj district in the Indian state of Jharkhand.
References
Railway stations in Sahibganj district
Malda railway division
The Dallas Elite Women's Football team is an American women's tackle football team playing in Division I of the Women's Football Alliance (WFA). The team, based in and around Dallas, Texas, was founded in 2014. The Dallas Elite reached the playoffs and national championship game three years in a row, 2015–2017. They defeated the Boston Renegades 31–21 at Highmark Stadium in Pittsburgh on July 22, 2017, to win the WFA Division I National Championship. Although they missed the playoffs in 2018 and 2019 (and the 2020 season was cancelled due to the global pandemic), the team earned a playoff berth in 2021.
The team rebranded as the Dallas Elite Mustangs in 2020. The 2021 Dallas Elite Mustangs are owned by Maria Spencer. The head coach is Coach Hamilton. The team plays home games at Alfred J. Loos Athletic Complex in Addison and Prestonwood Christian Academy in Plano.
Standings
2016 standings
2021 standings
References
Women's Football Alliance teams
2015 establishments in Texas
Women's sports in Texas
Sports in Dallas
American football teams established in 2015
Plano, Texas
Seute Deern (Low German for "Sweet girl") is a wooden, gaff-rigged ketch built as the cargo ship Havet (Danish for "The Sea") in Svendborg, Denmark in 1939 for Captain Karl Lorenzen. Sold in 1956 to J. Lauritzen and renamed Noona Dan. Noona Dan circumnavigated the world in 1961/1962 on the Danish research cruise known as the Noona Dan expedition to the Western Pacific Ocean. After the expedition the ship was sold to Germany as a training ship, first owned and operated by Deutsche Schulschiff-Verein and 1973 by the German Clipper association. She continues to sail with young people on training cruises in the Baltic Sea. In winter the ship is moored at Hamburg-Harburg.
1939–1963: Danish years
The ship was built and named Havet in 1939 at the J. Ring-Andersen shipyard in Svendborg, Denmark, for Captain Karl M. Lorenzen. It was designed according to his instructions, which were based on his experience with fishing from schooners in the waters off Alaska. The design was very successful and the hull design was used for several later ships from the shipyard. Havet sailed the next 16 years in coastal merchant trade.
The ship was sold in 1957 to the Danish company D/S Ocean, part of the Lauritzen Group, Copenhagen, and renamed Noona Dan. The ship was refitted with a new engine, a , 3-cylinder B&W Alpha. In 1958 Noona Dan was sent to Greenland together with to conduct oceanographic and bathymetric measurements along the Liverpool Coast and Mestersvig, East Greenland. Lauritzen at the time had seven ships occupied with shipping ore from the newly opened lead and zinc mine in Mestersvig. Noona Dan arrived at Kap Tobin on 25 July 1958, but was surprised by the pack ice and had to seek shelter in Scoresbysund/Ittoqqortoormiit. The ship was trapped by the ice for the entire summer and forced to overwinter with only three crew members on board. The remaining crew and scientists were taken to Copenhagen by the ship Kista Dan.
Noona Dan Expedition
After the return to Copenhagen Lauritzen offered the ship at the disposal of University of Copenhagen for an expedition to the tropical western Pacific Ocean. Noona Dan and the expedition left Copenhagen on 10 April 1961 under command of captain Jørgen Kaas Narup. The goal of the expedition was the western Pacific Ocean, more specifically the many islands in the Solomon Sea and Bismarck Sea. The route went west, through the Panama Canal and across the Pacific Ocean. A large number of scientist were on board the ship and exchanged along the route. Four researchers shared the role as expedition leader consecutively: Børge Petersen, Mogens Køie, Finn Salomonsen and Torben Wolff.
In October 1961 the expedition suffered a loss on Tawitawi, as the ornithologist and taxidermist Erik Petersen died from an allergic reaction to an insect bite. This caused concern among the remaining participants of the expedition and several members announced that they would leave, unless the expedition was joined by a medical doctor. Lorenz Ferdinand was chosen — not only was he a medical doctor with experience from the Galathea expedition, but also a highly esteemed ornithologist. The return voyage went through the Suez Canal, which meant that upon arrival in Copenhagen on 9 December 1962, Noona Dan had circumnavigated the world, as the fourth Danish research vessel (the others being Galathea I, and Galathea II).
1963–present: German training ship
In the early 1960s the German Training Ship Association were looking for a training ship and the interest fell on Noona Dan, as she had established herself as a very reliable and seaworthy ship. The ship was purchased in 1963 for a price of 14,000 Pound Sterling. The ship was renamed Seute Deern (sometimes Seute Deern II) after an earlier bark of the same name and entered as training ship under command of Captain Günter Ulrichs on the 30 April 1964. With some smaller breaks, the ship continued to serve as a training ship under different forms and ownership. In 2000 it was bought by Verein Clipper, which continues to operate the ship as training ship for young people on cruises mainly in the Baltic Sea.
References
Literature
Arvid Klemensen: Med Noona Dan in Sydhavet. Grafisk forlag, Copenhagen 1964, .
English translation: Arvid Klemensen (1965). Strange Island. The Noona Dan in the South Seas. London: Souvenir Press.
External links
Clipper Assosication
Movie about the Noona Dan expedition. 26 min, no sound. filmcentralen.dk
Ships built in Svendborg
Tall ships
Tall ships of Germany
1939 ships
Abdullah Abdulrazzaq Badheeb (1931-1976) was a Yemeni socialist writer, theorist, journalist and politician, and one of the leaders of the Marxist faction the National Liberation Front in southern Yemen during the late 20th century that sought to free southern Yemen from the British occupation, Badheeb played a major role in the dialogue between the national factions in the occupied southern Yemen at the time, which led to their unification and the formation of the paramilitary political organization called the National Liberation Front that succeeded in liberating southern Yemen and establishing the South Yemen state, which later evolved into the Yemeni Socialist Party, Badheeb's presence was always noticeable in Aden with his ability to persuade, attract, debate, organize, spread reassurance and hope, and motivate the people around him.
Biology
He was born in Al-Shahr area in Hadhramout governorate in 1931, he received his elementary, preparatory, and secondary education in Aden and obtained two degrees from the Bazara's charitable school in Hadhramout, he then joined highschool, and had to drop out in the final year due to personal and family related circumstances in 1951. Despite this, Abdullah Badheeb, due to his intellectualness, managed to draw attention to himself in the country while he was still a student. His knowledge varied between literature, history, philosophy, and politics.
References
1931 births
1976 deaths
Yemeni socialists
Yemeni writers
Yemeni politicians
Vietnam competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 September to 18 September 2016.
Support
In September 2015, Deputy Director of the General Department of Sports and Physical Training, Pham Van Tuan attended the Rio 2016 Paralympic Games Chef de Mission seminar as part of the country's preparation efforts for the 2016 Games. He talked to representatives from Japan, South Korea, Russia and the Asian Paralympic Committee about increasing cooperation with them.
In February 2015, 12 athletes attended a training event at the National Sports Training Centre in Ho Chi Minh City as part of Paralympic readiness training.
Medallists
Athletics
Athletics is one of three sports which Vietnam plans to send athletes to compete in at the Rio Games. Athletes identified as potential Rio qualifiers included Cao Ngoc Hung, Nguyen Be Hau, Nguyen Ngoc Hiep and Nguyen Thi Nhan. Vietnamese track and field competitors participated in the 2015 World Championships in Doha, Qatar as part of their readiness for Rio campaign.
Field Events - Men
Field Events - Women
Powerlifting
Powerlifting is one of three sports which Vietnam plans to send athletes to compete in at the Rio Games. Lifters identified as potential Rio qualifiers included Le Van Cong, Nguyen Binh An, Dang Thi Linh Phuong and Chau Hoang Tuyet Loan.
Le Van Cong and Nguyen Binh And are powerlifters from Vietnam. They competed at the 2015 ASEAN Para Games as part of their 2016 Paralympic Games preparation. Cong won gold in the 49kg event and An won gold in the 54kg event. Tung, Cong and An hang their hopes of going to Rio on 2016 European Open Swimming Championships, where they will need to qualify.
Vietnamese powerlifters participated in the 2015 Asian Championships in July. The event was held in Almaty, Kazakhstan, and was part of their qualifying efforts.
Women
Men
Swimming
Swimming is one of three sports which Vietnam plans to send athletes to compete in at the Rio Games. Vietnamese swimmers participated in the World Championships as part of their efforts to prepare for the Games. Swimmers identified as potential Rio qualifiers included Trinh Thi Bich Nhu, Vo Thanh Tung, Nguyen Thanh Trung and Do Thanh Hai. The swimmers are coached by Dong Quoc Cuong.
For only the second time in the country's history, they participated in the 2015 IPC Swimming World Championships. The country sent five swimmers who were trying to qualify for Rio. The team had been based at the HCM City for most of the year in preparation for qualifying. Can Tho-born Tung competed in five events at the world championships. The swimmer from Can Tho Province went into the event with five gold medals that he won at the 2014 Asian Para Games and having represented Vietnam at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. Do Thanh Hai competed in the men's 100m backstroke and 100m breast stroke-SB4. Trinh Thi Bich Nhu secured her Rio qualification at the 2015 World Championships in the SB5 100m breaststroke event with a time of 1:57.43. Her silver medal in the event was the first won by a para-swimmer from Vietnam, male or female, at an international swimming event. She competed at the world championships in two events, women's 100m butterfly and 50m freestyle-SP5.
Men
Women
See also
Vietnam at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Vietnamese sport
Oleksandr Sobkovych (born February 11, 1976) is a Ukrainian footballer who serves as a player-assistant coach for FC Ukraine United in the Canadian Soccer League.
Career
Sobkovych began his career in 1992 with FC Dynamo-3 Kyiv in the Ukrainian Football Amateur League, and also played with FC Dynamo-2 Kyiv in the Ukrainian First League. He later had stints with FC Hoverla Uzhhorod, and FC CSKA Kyiv. In 1997, he played in the Ukrainian Premier League with FC Metalurg Mariupol. In 1998, he returned to the First League to play with FC Chornomorets Odesa, and spent some time in the Second League with FC Sokil Zolochiv in 2000. In 2002, he returned to the Premier League to play with FC Obolon Kyiv. In 2003, he went abroad to play in the Kazakhstan Premier League with FC Ordabasy.
Throughout his time in Kazakhstan he played with FC Atyrau, and FC Astana-1964. In 2005, he returned to Ukraine to play with FC Dnipro Cherkasy, and went abroad in 2017 to serve as player-assistant coach for FC Ukraine United in the Canadian Soccer League. In his debut season he assisted FC Ukraine in achieving a perfect season, and claimed the CSL Second Division Championship.
References
1976 births
Living people
Ukrainian footballers
FC Dynamo-3 Kyiv players
FC Dynamo-2 Kyiv players
FC Hoverla Uzhhorod players
FC CSKA Kyiv players
FC Mariupol players
FC Chornomorets-2 Odesa players
FC Chornomorets Odesa players
FC Sokil Zolochiv players
FC Obolon-2 Kyiv players
FC Obolon-Brovar Kyiv players
FC Ordabasy players
FC Atyrau players
FC Astana players
FC Dnipro Cherkasy players
FC Ukraine United players
Ukrainian Premier League players
Kazakhstan Premier League players
Canadian Soccer League (2006–present) players
Association football defenders
Association football midfielders
Ukrainian Second League players
Amreh () is a village in Larijan-e Sofla Rural District, Larijan District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 25, in 9 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
uBid.com was an online auction style and fixed-price shopping website offering goods sold directly by the company and items sold by pre-approved third party uBid-certified merchants. The site specialized in excess new, refurbished and overstock consumer electronics such as computers, electronics, home goods, jewelry, watches and cellular phones.
History
uBid.com was formed and launched in 1997, originally as a subsidiary of PC Mall. In December 1998, during the dot-com bubble, the company became a public company via an initial public offering, and achieved a market capitalization value of over 1.8 billion dollars at one point. After pricing at $15/share, the stock price reached $67 per share on its first day of trading. The company officially spun off from PC Mall with its co-founding management team in 1999. Ownership has changed multiple times over the years. In 2000, CMGI (now Steel Connect) acquired uBid in a stock transaction. In June 2001, the company reached an agreement to feature its listings on Yahoo! Auctions. In November 2002, the company laid off 52 employees. In 2003, CMGI sold uBid to Takumi Interactive, owned by Tom Petters and Petters Group Worldwide. In 2006, the company acquired the assets of Bidville.com.
In 2010 the company underwent an involuntary bankruptcy petition. In October 2018, the company merged with Incumaker and in February 2019, the company changed its name to uBid Holdings, Inc. In 2020, the company began rebranding itself as a restaurant and entertainment digital coupon company after purchasing Restaurant.com and was renamed to RDE, Inc. As of 2022, the uBid website had been taken offline.
Notes
External links
uBid.com (Dead link)
Online auction websites of the United States
American companies established in 1997
Retail companies established in 1997
Internet properties established in 1997
Companies based in Chicago
Senator McCormack may refer to:
John W. McCormack (1891–1980), Massachusetts State Senate
Mike McCormack (politician) (born 1921), Washington State Senate
Peter M. McCormack (1919–1988), Massachusetts State Senate
Thomas J. McCormack (1922–1998), Pennsylvania State Senate
Tim McCormack (born 1940s), Ohio State Senate
See also
Senator McCormick (disambiguation)
Pa Baz (, also Romanized as Pā Bāz; also known as Pā Bār and Pā yi Bāz) is a village in Ghazali Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 146, in 33 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Xenasmatella is a genus of corticioid fungi in the order Polyporales. Circumscribed by German mycologist Franz Oberwinkler in 1966, the widespread genus contains 14 species.
Species
X. ardosiaca (Bourdot & Galzin) Stalpers (1996) – Taiwan; Tennessee
X. bicornis (Boidin & Gilles) Piatek (2005)
X. borealis (K.H.Larss. & Hjortstam) Duhem (2010)
X. caricis-pendulae (P.Roberts) Duhem (2010)
X. cinnamomea (Burds. & Nakasone) Stalpers (1996)
X. globigera (Hjortstam & Ryvarden) Duhem (2010)
X. insperata (H.S.Jacks.) Jülich (1979)
X. nasti (Boidin & Gilles) Stalpers (1996)
X. palmicola (Hjortstam & Ryvarden) Duhem (2010)
X. romellii Hjortstam (1983) – Sweden
X. sanguinescens Svrcek (1973)
X. subflavidogrisea (Litsch.) Oberw. ex Jülich (1979) – Great Britain
X. vaga (Fr.) Stalpers (1996) – Europe; United States
References
Polyporales
Polyporales genera
Taxa described in 1966
H. orientalis may refer to:
Helleborus orientalis, a flowering plant species
Heleophryne orientalis, the Eastern ghost frog, a frog species endemic to South Africa
Huaxiagnathus orientalis, a theropod dinosaur species from the Lower Cretaceous of China
Hyacinthus orientalis, the common hyacinth, garden hyacinth or Dutch hyacinth, a perennial flowering plant species native to southwestern Asia, in southern and central Turkey, northwestern Syria, Lebanon and northern Israel
An orthographic variant of Halorubrum orientale, a halophilic archaeon.
See also
Orientalis (disambiguation)
Myza is a genus of bird in the family Meliphagidae. Established by Adolf Bernhard Meyer and Lionel William Wiglesworth in 1895, it contains the following species:
The name Myza comes from the Greek word muzaō, meaning "to suck".
References
Bird genera
Endemic birds of Sulawesi
Taxa named by Adolf Bernhard Meyer
Taxa named by Lionel William Wiglesworth
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Bourglinster Castle () is located in the village of Bourglinster in central Luxembourg some to the east of Luxembourg City. Now housing a restaurant and facilities for business and cultural gatherings, the castle has a history stretching back to the 11th century.
History
The castle is first mentioned in 1098 as belonging to St Symeon of Trier. At the time it had a residential keep, a chapel and a wall. During the second half of the 14th century, the chapel was extended and a tower was added on the northern side. The lower castle with a moat and two defensive towers was built in the 15th century. Both castles were partly destroyed during the 16th century wars (1542–1544) but were soon repaired and a Renaissance wing was added (1548).
Parts of the lower castle were again destroyed by the French in the 1680s. In the early 18th century, a Baroque façade was built at the far end of the courtyard. After the castle was acquired by the Luxembourg State in 1968, the buildings were fully restored and, in 1982, opened for exhibitions, concerts, meetings and receptions.
Business and cultural facilities
The castle' s three banqueting halls with facilities for up to 200 people offer venues for business meetings, gala dinners and cultural events. La Distillerie, a restaurant on the castle premises, is considered to be one of the best in Luxembourg.
See also
List of castles in Luxembourg
References
External links
Château de Bourglinster website with details of restaurants, opening hours and events.
Castles in Luxembourg
Junglinster
Hotels in Luxembourg
Convention centres in Luxembourg
This article is a list of bands and musical artists described as playing djent. Djent () is a subgenre of progressive metal, distinguished by a high-gain, distorted, palm-muted, low-pitch guitar sound. The name "djent" is an onomatopoeia of this sound.
Artists
References
Djent
Lists of heavy metal bands
Väli is an Estonian surname meaning "field" and an "outdoor, open space" in nature. As of 1 January 2021, 382 men and 422 women in Estonian have the surname Väli. Väli is ranked as the 107th most common surname for men in Estonia, and 104th for women. The surname Väli is most common in Saare County, where 50.31 per 10,000 inhabitants of the county bear the surname.
Notable people bearing the Väli surname include:
Arder Väli (born 1945), politician
Ekke Väli (born 1952), sculptor
Heino Väli (1928–1990), writer
Hugo Väli (1902–1943), footballer
Katrin Väli (born 1956), poet and translator
Neeme Väli (born 1965), Major General of the Estonian Defence League
Valdemar Väli (1909–2007), painter
Velvo Väli (born 1974), actor
Voldemar Väli (1903–1997), two-time Olympic medalist in Greco-Roman wrestling
References
Estonian-language surnames
Thomas Larcher (born 16 September 1963, in Innsbruck) is an Austrian composer and pianist.
Biography and Work
Thomas Larcher completed his studies at the University of Music and Performing Arts, Vienna under Heinz Medjimorec and Elisabeth Leonskaja (piano), and Erich Urbanner (composition). He became well known as a pianist whilst at university, focusing particularly in the area of contemporary music.
Larcher has performed under conductors such as Claudio Abbado, Pierre Boulez, Dennis Russell Davies and Franz Welser-Möst, and worked closely with composers such as Heinz Holliger, Olga Neuwirth and Isabel Mundry. He is also active in the sphere of music festivals: he founded the "Sound Traces/Klangspuren festival (which he ran from 1993 to 2004) and the “Music in the Giant/Musik im Riesen” festival, which he has been running since 2004.
For some years now, Larcher has dedicated himself primarily to composing and is today considered one of the leading composers of contemporary classical music in Austria. His early works (including “Naunz” and “Kraken”) are scored almost exclusively for piano and chamber orchestra. In recent years, his oeuvre has also encompassed, alongside chamber music (String Quartets 2 and 3, “My Illness is the Medicine I Need”), more compositions for orchestra and ensemble, as well as works for soloist and orchestra (e.g. “Böse Zellen”, “Die Nacht der Verlorenen”).
Larcher has written numerous compositions for internationally renowned soloists and ensembles such as the London Sinfonietta, the Artemis Quartet, Heinrich Schiff, Matthias Goerne, Till Fellner, the Vienna Radio Symphony Orchestra and the San Francisco Symphony Orchestra. He has been commissioned by the Lucerne Festival, London's Southbank Centre and Wigmore Hall, and the Zaterdagmatinee in Amsterdam.
Awards
Choc du Monde de la Musique
Preis der deutschen Schallplattenkritik (German Record Critics Award), Quarterly Critics' Choice 4/2006
Editor's Choice (Gramophone (magazine))
British Composer Award (International Category) for Concerto for Violin, Cello and Orchestra (2012)
Stoeger Prize of the New York Chamber Music Society (2014) (2014/15)
Austrian Art Prize (2015)
Ernst Krenek Prize of the City of Vienna (2018)
Prix de Composition Musicale of Prince Pierre Foundation de Monaco for symphony No 2 "Kenotaph" (2018)
Großer Österreichischer Staatspreis (Grand Austrian State Prize) (2019)
Art Prize of the State of Tyrol (2021)
Selected works
Larcher's works are published by Schott Music.
Opera
The Hunting Gun, opera in three acts, libretto by after a short novel by Yasushi Inoue (Premiere: Bregenzer Festspiele 15 August 2018) (2015–2018)
Orchestral works
Red and Green for large orchestra (2010)
Symphony No. 2 Kenotaph (2015–2016)
Chiasma for orchestra (2017)
Symphony No. 3 A Line Above the Sky (2020), world premiere: Brno Philharmonic, conductor Dennis Russell Davies.
Orchestral works with solo instrument
Still for viola and chamber orchestra (2002, revised 2004)
Heute (Today) for soprano and orchestra (2005–06)
Böse Zellen for piano and orchestra (2006, revised 2007)
Concerto for violin and orchestra (2008–2009)
Concerto for violin, cello and orchestra (2011)
A Padmore Cycle for tenor and orchestra (2010–2011; 2014)
Alle Tage Symphony No 1 for baritone and orchestra (2010–2015)
Ouroboros for violoncello and orchestra (2015)
Concerto for piano and orchestra (2020–2021)
Ensemble works
Nocturne – Insomnia (2008)
Die Nacht der Verlorenen (The Night of the Lost) for baritone and ensemble (2008)
Wie der Euro nach Bern kam und wie er wieder verschwand (How the Euro came to Bern, and how he disappeared again) for ensemble (2012)
My Illness Is the Medicine I Need for soprano and ensemble (2002/13, expanded version of My Illness Is the Medicine I Need for soprano, violine, violoncello and piano)
The Living Mountain for soprano and ensemble (2019–2020) – text by Nan Shepherd; in cooperation with photographer Awoiska van der Molen
Chamber music
Cold Farmer, String Quartet No. 1 (1990)
Kraken for violin, cello and piano (1994–1997)
Mumien (Mummies) for cello and piano (2001)
My Illness Is the Medicine I Need for soprano, violin, cello and piano (2002)
Uchafu for trumpet and piano (2003)
IXXU, String Quartet No. 2 (1998–2004)
Madhares, String Quartet No. 3 (2006–2007)
A Padmore Cycle for tenor and piano (2010–2011)
Splinters for violoncello and piano (2012)
Lyrical Lights for tenor and clarinet (2013)
lucid dreams, String Quartet No. 4 (2015)
A Padmore Cycle for tenor and piano trio (2010–2011, 2017; enlarged version of A Padmore Cycle for tenor and piano)
deep red / deep blue for flute and piano (2018)
Piano
Klavierstück 1986 (Piano Piece 1986)
Naunz (1989)
Noodivihik (1992)
Antennen-Requiem für H. (Antennae Requiem for H.) (1999)
Smart Dust (2005)
What Becomes/Was wird (2009)
Poems, 12 pieces for pianists and other children (2010)
Innerberger Bauerntanz for piano (2012)
Movement for solo piano (2019)
Violoncello
Vier Seiten for cello (1997)
Sonata for violoncello (2007)
Vocal
Das Spiel ist aus for 24-part choir (2012)
Selected discography
CDs with music by Thomas Larcher
Naunz (ECM, 2001)
IXXU (ECM, 2006)
Madhares (ECM, 2010)
What Becomes (harmonia mundi, 2014)
Symphony No. 2, Kenotaph (Ondine, 2021)
Alle Tage/violin concerto (Tonkunstler, 2021)
CDs with Thomas Larcher as interpreter
Arnold Schönberg, Franz Schubert: Piano Pieces/Klavierstücke (ECM, 1999)
Hanns Eisler: Ernste Gesänge – Lieder with piano (Thomas Larcher with Matthias Goerne, Ensemble Resonanz) (harmonia mundi, 2013)
References
External links
Thomas Larcher's official site
Thomas Larcher at ECM Records
Thomas Larcher at Schott Music
Management: Cathy Nelson
1963 births
Living people
Austrian male composers
Austrian composers
Austrian classical pianists
Male classical pianists
ECM Records artists
Composers from Innsbruck
21st-century classical pianists
21st-century male musicians
Musicians from Innsbruck
Bălteni may refer to several places in Romania:
Bălteni, Olt, a commune in Olt County
Bălteni, Vaslui, a commune in Vaslui County
Bălteni, a village in Tigveni Commune, Argeș County
Bălteni, a village in C.A. Rosetti Commune, Buzău County
Bălteni, a village in Conţeşti Commune, Dâmboviţa County
Bălteni, a village in Probota Commune, Iaşi County
Bălteni, a village in Periș Commune, Ilfov County
Bălteni, a village in Copăceni Commune, Vâlcea County
Băltenii de Jos and Băltenii de Sus, villages in Beștepe Commune, Tulcea County
See also
Bâlteni, a commune in Gorj County
San Antonio FC is a professional soccer club based in San Antonio, Texas. It competes in the USL Championship, the second-highest level of the United States soccer league system, as a member of the Western Conference.
History
San Antonio FC was awarded the thirty-first USL franchise on January 7, 2016. The establishment of the club, along with the concurrent purchase of Toyota Field by the City of San Antonio and Bexar County, was part of a plan by local officials to obtain an expansion franchise in Major League Soccer. As a result, the San Antonio Scorpions franchise of the North American Soccer League was shut down. The first head coach in club history was former Elon University men's soccer coach and Orlando City SC Pro Academy Director, Darren Powell. Carlos Alvarez was the club's first player signing on February 2, 2016.
After failing to make the playoffs in its inaugural season, San Antonio FC finished the 2017 USL regular season with a 17–11–4 (W-D-L) record, finishing second in the USL Western Conference standings and earning their first playoff berth in club history. SAFC advanced to the Western Conference semifinals before being eliminated. San Antonio failed to make the playoffs in consecutive years in 2018 and 2019 by a combined 4 points in the conference table.
San Antonio FC parted ways with head coach Darren Powell on October 30, 2019 after four seasons with the club. He accumulated an overall competition win-draw-loss record of 59–39–44. He led the club to its only playoff appearance in 2017, but failed to make the playoffs in the other three seasons under his management. His assistant coach, Alen Marcina, was named to replace Powell on December 9, 2019 in preparation for the 2020 USL Championship season. He led the former San Antonio Scorpions to their only NASL championship in the 2014 season. On October 20, 2021, Marcina led the club to their second consecutive post-season berth – the first back-to-back playoff appearance in club history. San Antonio would advance to the Western Conference Finals for the first time in club history, losing to eventual league champions Orange County SC in penalty kicks.
Stadium
Toyota Field (2016–present), capacity 8,296
San Antonio plays its home matches at Toyota Field in San Antonio, Texas. Toyota Field is an 8,296-seat soccer-specific, natural grass stadium designed to be expandable to over 18,000 seats. Originally built for the former San Antonio Scorpions, the stadium was sold by its owner, Gordon Hartman, to the City of San Antonio and Bexar County in November 2015. San Antonio FC set a Toyota Field attendance record of 8,466 for its inaugural home match against the Swope Park Rangers on April 9, 2016.
Crest and colors
San Antonio's club colors are black and silver, showing strength and unity with the other SS&E franchises. Red is an accent color that is from the same red in the Texas state flag signifying the pride the club has in Texas.
The shape of San Antonio FC's badge was derived from a variety of traditional national and international club crests. The heart of the badge contains two prominent elements: the five diagonal stripes, which were inspired by the armed forces' service stripes, are a salute to San Antonio's rich military history and their upward movement signifies the club's goal to play at the highest level; and the rowel of the Spur symbolizes the direct link between San Antonio FC and its parent company, Spurs Sports & Entertainment. Binding all of the interior elements is a single "S”—a subtle nod to the hometown heritage and how it unites the community.
Kit manufacturers and sponsors
Culture
Affiliation
San Antonio was designated as the USL affiliate of New York City FC for the 2017 season. As of 2019, there is no reported affiliation between San Antonio FC and New York City FC.
Supporters
The Crocketteers are the largest organized independent soccer supporters group based in San Antonio. The group was founded in March 2009 by Michael Macias.
Mission City Firm is an independent football organization whose mission is to give 100% of their support to San Antonio FC. They are a very diverse group of individuals and "welcome any and all persons who share the same passion for the game and for what professional football here in San Antonio will do for our community."
Rivalries
Copa Tejas
San Antonio FC shares in-state rivalries with two current USL Championship sides in Texas – El Paso Locomotive FC, Rio Grande Valley FC and formerly Austin Bold FC. Begun in the 2019 USL Championship season, all three teams participate in the Copa Tejas – a head-to-head competition during the USL regular season schedule. The team with the most points at the end of the season wins the trophy. San Antonio won its first Copa Tejas in 2022, going 3-1-0 against their opponents.
South Texas Derby
Since 2016, the annual rivalry with Rio Grande Valley FC, who served as a hybrid affiliate of the Houston Dynamo of Major League Soccer from 2016 until 2020, is one of the most hotly contested matches in lower division US soccer. The two teams are located about 237 miles apart from each other in South Texas. Due to this proximity, the matches tend to draw well and often feature aggressive play for bragging rights.
Ownership
The club is owned by Spurs Sports & Entertainment.
Players and staff
Current roster
Out on loan
For recent transfers, see 2022 San Antonio FC season.
Team management
{|class="wikitable"
|-
! style="background:black; color:#c0c0c0;" scope="col" colspan="2"|Executive
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
! style="background:black; color:#c0c0c0;" scope="col" colspan="2"|Staff
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
Year-by-year
Head coaches
Includes league regular season, league playoffs, and U.S. Open Cup matches
Club captains
Honors
USL Championship
USL Cup
USL Regular Season
USL Western Conference
Runners-up (Playoffs) (1): 2021
Runners-up (Regular season) (1): 2017
Other
Copa Tejas (Shield)
Champions (1): 2022
Copa Tejas (Division 2)
Champions (1): 2022
Notes
References
External links
Association football clubs established in 2016
USL Championship teams
2016 establishments in Texas
Soccer clubs in Texas
Sports teams in San Antonio
Spur Sports & Entertainment
The Altona Treatment Plant of City West Water is a small sewage treatment plant in Altona, Victoria, approximately 16 km west of Melbourne, Australia. Located on Queen Street between Laverton Creek and Altona Meadows, it services over 20,000 residential and business properties in the Altona, Altona Meadows, Laverton and Point Cook areas and treats close to 13 million liters of sewage a day.
Background
The original Altona Sewage Treatment Plant was constructed in the 1960s to provide sewage treatment services to the Altona area. The plant was originally constructed as a temporary facility until the Western Treatment Plant was able to cope with the increasing volumes of sewage in the area.
When City West Water was established in 1995 a review of the entire City West Water network, including the Altona Sewage Treatment Plant, was undertaken. This review confirmed that there was a long-term requirement for the plant.
Current status
In early 2011, the Altona Treatment Plant was upgraded to a more sophisticated recycled water treatment facility. Instead of releasing millions of liters of treated effluent into Port Phillip Bay, most of the water is now captured, treated and then used in manufacturing processes and the irrigation of recreational spaces for the community.
About 2 billion liters of recycled water is supplied annually to plastics manufacturer Qenos for use in their boilers and cooling towers, as well as:
300 million liters to Sanctuary Lakes Golf Club to irrigate its golf course
200 million liters to Kooringal Golf Club to irrigate its golf course
5 million liters to Hobsons Bay City Council to irrigate Altona Green Park and 6 million liters for HD Graham Reserve. Water will also be used for urban streetscape watering and dust suppression.
The volume of high quality water produced each year is equivalent to the volume of water held by 1000 Olympic sized swimming pools.
A giant robot is being used to clean the Balance Tank every year since 2019.
External links
City West Water - Altona Treatment Plant
See also
Western Treatment Plant
Eastern Treatment Plant
City West Water
References
Altona Treatment Plant
Altona Treatment Plant
Industrial buildings in Victoria (Australia)
Sewerage infrastructure in Victoria (Australia)
Buildings and structures in Melbourne
J. Fount Tillman (1854 – March 1899) was an American politician who was the eighth Register of the Treasury, serving during the second term of President Grover Cleveland. As Register of the Treasury, Tillman's signature appeared on US currency issued between July 1, 1893, and December 2, 1897.
Prior to working for the Treasury, Tillman served one term in the Tennessee State Legislature. He also served as the Secretary of the National Farmers' Alliance. Tillman became the Register of the Treasury after working for the 1892 electoral campaign of Grover Cleveland. After retiring from public service, Tillman entered private business and conducted dealings in New York City and Washington, DC.
Tillman inherited Palmetto Farm in Marshall County, Tennessee from his father-in-law, Thomas Montgomery, after the Civil War. He died at the age of 45 in Palmetto, Tennessee.
References
Further reading
New York Times Review
1854 births
1899 deaths
People from Marshall County, Tennessee
Members of the Tennessee House of Representatives
19th-century American politicians
No Far Away is the first studio album by contemporary Christian musician Chris August. It was released on August 24, 2010 through Fervent Records, and produced by Chris August and Ed Cash. The album made it up to No. 1 on the Top Heatseekers list of Billboard Magazine and No. 7 on the Christian Albums chart.
Singles
The album has had three singles released. The first single, "Starry Night", was the best performing song, finishing atop the Hot Christian Songs and Christian AC chart Billboard charts. The second single, "7x70", finished at No. 7 on the Hot Christian Songs chart. "Battle", the third single, peaked at No. 23 on the Hot Christian Songs chart.
Reception
Critical
CCM Magazine'''s Andy Argyrakis said that "his songwriting evokes a meditative sophistication".
Christian Music Zine's Tyler Hess said that "it's one of those albums that has you belting out the chorus, wishing you were driving solo in your car with one song, while during another song has you thinking completely about the LORD and who He is."
Cross Rhythms' Stephen Luff wrote that "It's hard to find favourites as this album is simply outstanding. It is a bit of a slow burner, but once it gets under your skin, it does not let go."
Jesus Freak Hideout's Kevin Chamberlin said that "While No Far Away isn't bad, several of the tracks lose their appeal due to their over polished presentation." In addition, Chamberlin wrote that "his voice wraps No Far Away on a strong note as the sound of triumph returns."
Jesus Freak Hideout's Jen Rose said that "Unfortunately, No Far Away suffers at times from the over-produced 'Nashville sound,'" and it is "A shame really, because when the songs are stripped to their essence, August's talent really shines through. Because of this, the album turns out to be both mixed effort and a promising debut." Furthermore, Rose wrote that "No Far Away'' weaves shimmering pop-rock melodies with a singer-writer's lyrical sensibilities and a smooth, unique voice. At its best, the eleven-song collection draws inspiration from soulful pop artists like Stevie Wonder and Gavin DeGraw"
Track listing
Charts
References
External links
Chris August official music page
2010 albums
Chris August albums
Fervent Records albums
AMG may refer to:
Automobiles
AB Motorfabriken i Göteborg, a former Swedish automobile manufacturer
Mercedes-AMG, a division of Mercedes-Benz
AM General
Mathematics and science
Algebraic multigrid method for solving differential equations
Amagat (abbreviated amg), a unit of number density of molecules
Auxiliary metabolic genes
Glucan 1,4-a-glucosidase
Media and entertainment
Academy Music Group, a UK music venue operator
Access Media Group, Canada
All Music Guide, an entertainment review site
Alpha Male Gorillas, a band in New York, US
AMG (rapper), a rapper
AMGTV, a US television network
Arab Media Group, Dubai
Athletic Model Guild, of male models
All Media Guide, a former music, movie and game database company acquired by RhythmOne
Other uses
Allied Military Government for Occupied Territories (originally abbreviated AMGOT, later AMG), military rule administered by Allied forces during and after World War II within European territories they occupied
AMG International, a Christian missions organization
Arzneimittelgesetz, German law about drugs
See also
OMG (disambiguation)
Oh My God (disambiguation), also spelled as "Ah My God"
Oh My Goddess (disambiguation), also spelled as "Ah My Goddess"
Ángel Francisco Maldonado (born September 8, 1973) is a Mexican former professional footballer. He played as a goalkeeper during his career. He was a member of the Mexico national team competing at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.
References
playerhistory
1973 births
Living people
Mexico under-20 international footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Olympic footballers of Mexico
Footballers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Club América footballers
Footballers from Sinaloa
Sportspeople from Los Mochis
Mexican footballers
Club Necaxa non-playing staff
Irene Georgakoudi (born 7 June 1971) is a Greek biophysicist and Professor of Biomedical Engineering at Tufts University, where her work focuses on developing non-invasive medical imaging techniques based on optical spectroscopy for applications in medical diagnostics and therapeutics.
Early life and education
Georgakoudi was born in Thessaloniki, Greece. She moved to the United States in 1989, obtaining a magna cum laude Bachelor's degree in physics at Dartmouth College in 1993. She completed her master's degree in biophysics at the University of Rochester in 1996.
She stayed at Rochester for her doctoral studies, investigating photodynamic therapy in Professor Tom Foster's group and completing her thesis in 1999.
Georgakoudi was awarded several university prizes and grants during her doctoral studies, including the Graduate Alumni Fellowship, Agnes M and George Messersmith Fellowship, and the William F Neuman Award in Biophysics. She also received the Graduate Student Society Leadership Award in 1997 for her involvement in the University of Rochester's Graduate Student Society.
Research and career
Georgakoudi's research career has focused on developing new optical spectroscopy techniques for applications in medical imaging and the detection and treatment of different diseases.
She joined the Massachusetts Institute of Technology as a postdoctoral fellow in 1999, where her research studied how fluorescence spectroscopy could improve early cancer diagnosis as an imaging tool for observing changes in cell growth. In 2003, she moved to the Wellman Center for Photomedicine at Massachusetts General Hospital, Harvard Medical School where she received the Claflin Distinguished Scholar Award for her work.
In 2004, she joined Tufts University, where she is now Professor of Biomedical Engineering. Her current research uses developing optical techniques to image human tissue, providing non-invasive ways to monitor changes in cellular metabolism and diagnose diseases such as diabetes, cancer, and neurodegenerative disorders.
Awards and honours
Fellow of the International Society for Optics and Photonics (SPIE), 2020
Fellow of the Optical Society of America, 2016
Fellow of the American Institute for Medical and Biological Engineering, 2015
NSF Career Award for Non-invasive modalities for optical imaging of cell-matrix interactions in engineered tissues, 2006-2011
Claflin Distinguished Scholar Award, Massachusetts General Hospital, Harvard Medical School, 2004
References
Living people
Women in optics
21st-century women scientists
Fellows of the Optical Society
Fellows of SPIE
University of Rochester alumni
21st-century Greek physicists
1971 births
Tufts University faculty
Massachusetts Institute of Technology alumni
Dartmouth College alumni
Scientists from Thessaloniki
Allegro barbaro (or Allegro barbara) may refer to:
Allegro barbaro (Alkan), a piece for solo piano by Charles-Valentin Alkan from his set of studies Op. 35
Allegro barbaro (Bartók), a piece for solo piano by Béla Bartók
Allegro barbaro (Ornstein), 1st movement of the Piano Quintet op.92 (1927) by Leo Ornstein
Allegro barbaro (Smith), a piece for solo piano by Dave Smith from his 1st Piano Concert (1985-6)
Allegro barbaro (album), an album by the German heavy metal band Die Apokalyptischen Reiter
Allegro barbaro (film), a film by Miklós Jancsó
An anticorticotropin, or anticorticotrophin, is a drug which opposes the actions of corticotropin-releasing hormone (CRH) and/or adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH) in relation to their stimulatory effects on the adrenal glands, or which otherwise suppresses steroid hormone production in the adrenal glands. They can be said to have anticorticotropic (or anticorticotrophic) effects, and are used to treat Cushing's syndrome, prostate cancer, hyperandrogenism, and other conditions.
Some examples of anticorticotropins include the following:
Corticosteroids, including glucocorticoids and mineralocorticoids, which exert negative feedback on the hypothalamic–pituitary–adrenal axis to maintain homeostasis
High-dose estrogens and antiandrogens, which can partially suppress adrenal androgen production
Certain progestins such as megestrol acetate, medroxyprogesterone acetate, and cyproterone acetate, which likely work via their weak glucocorticoid activity
Conversely, drugs that stimulate CRH and/or ACTH secretion and/or activate adrenal steroidogenesis, such as antiglucocorticoids like mifepristone, antimineralocorticoids like spironolactone, and adrenal steroidogenesis inhibitors like ketoconazole, metyrapone, mitotane, and aminoglutethimide, have corticotropic or procorticotropic effects.
Anticorticotropins are analogous to antigonadotropins and procorticotropins are analogous to progonadotropins.
See also
ACTH stimulation test
References
Hormonal agents
In mathematics, the Muller–Schupp theorem states that a finitely generated group G has context-free word problem if and only if G is virtually free. The theorem was proved by David Muller and Paul Schupp in 1983.
Word problem for groups
Let G be a finitely generated group with a finite marked generating set X, that is a set X together with the map such that the subset generates G. Let be the group alphabet and let be the free monoid on that is is the set of all words (including the empty word) over the alphabet .
The map extends to a surjective monoid homomorphism, still denoted by , .
The word problem of G with respect to X is defined as
where is the identity element of G.
That is, if G is given by a presentation with X finite, then consists of all words over the alphabet that are equal to in G.
Virtually free groups
A group G is said to be virtually free if there exists a subgroup of finite index H in G such that H is isomorphic to a free group. If G is a finitely generated virtually free group and H is a free subgroup of finite index in G then H itself is finitely generated, so that H is free of finite rank.
The trivial group is viewed as the free group of rank 0, and thus all finite groups are virtually free.
A basic result in Bass–Serre theory says that a finitely generated group G is virtually free if and only if G splits as the fundamental group of a finite graph of finite groups.
Precise statement of the Muller–Schupp theorem
The modern formulation of the Muller–Schupp theorem is as follows:
Let G be a finitely generated group with a finite marked generating set X. Then G is virtually free if and only if is a context-free language.
Sketch of the proof
The exposition in this section follows the original 1983 proof of Muller and Schupp.
Suppose G is a finitely generated group with a finite generating set X such that the word problem is a context-free language. One first observes that for every finitely generated subgroup H of G is finitely presentable and that for every finite marked generating set Y of H the word problem is also context-free. In particular, for a finitely generated group the property of having context word problem does not depend on the choice of a finite marked generating set for the group, and such a group is finitely presentable.
Muller and Schupp then show, using the context-free grammar for the language , that the Cayley graph of G with respect to X is K-triangulable for some integer K>0. This means that every closed path in can be, by adding several ``diagonals", decomposed into triangles in such a way that the label of every triangle is a relation in G of length at most K over X.
They then use this triangulability property of the Cayley graph to show that either G is a finite group, or G has more than one end. Hence, by a theorem of Stallings, either G is finite or G splits nontrivially as an amalgamated free product or an HNN-extension where C is a finite group. Then are again finitely generated groups with context-free word-problem, and one can apply the entire preceding argument to them.
Since G is finitely presentable and therefore accessible, the process of iterating this argument eventually terminates with finite groups, and produces a decomposition of G as the fundamental group of a finite graph-of-groups with finite vertex and edge groups. By a basic result of Bass–Serre theory it then follows that G is virtually free.
The converse direction of the Muller–Schupp theorem is more straightforward. If G is a finitely generated virtually free group, then G admits a finite index normal subgroup N such that N is a finite rank free group. Muller and Schupp use this fact to directly verify that G has context-free word problem.
Remarks and further developments
The Muller–Schupp theorem is a far-reaching generalization of a 1971 theorem of Anisimov which states that for a finitely generated group G with a finite marked generating set X the word problem is a regular language if and only if the group G is finite.
At the time the 1983 paper of Muller and Schupp was published, accessibility of finitely presented groups has not yet been established. Therefore, the original formulation of the Muller–Schupp theorem said that a finitely generated group is virtually free if and only if this group is accessible and has context-free word problem. A 1985 paper of Dunwoody proved that all finitely presented groups are accessible. Since finitely generated groups with context-free word problem are finitely presentable, Dunwoody's result together with the original Muller–Schupp theorem imply that a finitely generated group is virtually free if and only if it has context-free word problem (which is the modern formulation of the Muller–Schupp theorem).
A 1983 paper of Linnell established accessibility of finitely generated groups where the orders of finite subgroups are bounded. It was later observed (see ) that Linnell's result together with the original Muller–Schupp theorem were sufficient to derive the modern statement of the Muller–Schupp theorem, without having to use Dunwoody's result.
In the case of torsion-free groups, the situation is simplified as the accessibility results are not needed and one instead uses Grushko theorem about the rank of a free product. In this setting, as noted in the original Muller and Schupp paper, the Muller–Schupp theorem says that a finitely generated torsion-free group has context-free word problem if and only if this group is free.
In a subsequent related paper, Muller and Schupp proved that a ``finitely generated" graph Γ has finitely many end isomorphism types if and only if Γ is the transition graph of a push-down automaton. As a consequence, they show that the monadic theory of a ``context-free" graph (such as the Cayley graph of a virtually free group) is decidable, generalizing a classic result of Rabin for binary trees. Later Kuske and Lohrey proved that virtually free groups are the only finitely generated groups whose Cayley graphs have decidable monadic theory.
Bridson and Gilman applied the Muller–Schupp theorem to show that a finitely generated group admits a ``broom-like" combing if and only if that group is virtually free.
Sénizergues used the Muller–Schupp theorem to show that the isomorphism problem for finitely generated virtually free group is primitive recursive.
Gilman, Hermiller, Holt and Rees used the Muller–Schupp theorem to prove that a finitely generated group G is virtually free if and only if there exist a finite generating set X for G and a finite set of length-reducing rewrite rules over X whose application reduces any word to a geodesic word.
Ceccherini-Silberstein and Woess consider the setting of a finitely generated group G with a finite generating set X, and a subgroup K of G such that the set of all words over the alphabet representing elements of H is a context-free language.
Generalizing the setting of the Muller–Schupp theorem, Brough studied groups with poly-context-free word problem, that is where the word problem is the intersection of finitely many context-free languages. Poly-context-free groups include all finitely generated groups commensurable with groups embeddable in a direct product of finitely many free groups, and Brough conjectured that every poly-context-free group arises in this way. Ceccherini-Silberstein, Coornaert, Fiorenzi, Schupp, and Touikan introduced the notion of a multipass automaton, which are nondeterministic automata accepting precisely all the finite intersections of context-free languages. They also obtained results providing significant evidence in favor of the above conjecture of Brough.
Nyberg-Brodda generalised the Muller-Schupp theorem from groups to ``special monoids", a class of semigroups containing, but strictly larger than, the class of groups, characterising such semigroups with a context-free word problem as being precisely those with a virtually free maximal subgroup.
Subsequent to the 1983 paper of Muller and Schupp, several authors obtained alternate or simplified proofs of the Muller–Schupp theorem.
See also
Infinite tree automaton
Word problem (mathematics)
Formal language
References
External links
Context-free groups and their structure trees, expository talk by Armin Weiß
Geometric group theory
Formal languages
Swing It, Professor (also known as Swing It, Buddy) is an independently produced 1937 musical comedy directed by Marshall Neilan and starring Pinky Tomlin, Paula Stone and Milburn Stone. The musical numbers were written by Connie Lee, Al Heath and Buddy LeRoux, and was produced by Conn Productions, Inc. The film capitalised on the swing dance craze.
Plot
At Brownell University's College of Music, Dean Wiley (George Cleveland) and two trustees are trying to revamp the music department with faster music, the Gentlemaniacs make their only appearance in the film with their rendition of Brownell's new Victory Song, which doesn't meet with the dean's approval. The dean summons Professor Roberts (Pinky Tomlin) and he and two trustees ask him to add swing "in the spirit of the age", Roberts refuses which results in his resignation.
Unable to find a job, Roberts runs out of money and stumbles upon a group of musical hobos in the woods, complete with piano, who are singing opera. After the musical performance, the hobos are served a stew of some sort from a pot over a fire. Roberts gets in line, hoping for some food but is asked to prove he is really a musician, which he does. The next day Beaver (Ralph Peters), one of the hobos, takes Roberts under his wing and shows him how to beg for money by playing music at a spot on the street which happens to be near a swing club.
Lou Morgan (Milburn Stone) is trying to convince Teddy Ross (Paula Stone) to work at his "friend's" nightclub, which he actually owns. She agrees to think it over and puts her in a cab, dropping his wallet in the process. Roberts sees the occurrence and attempts to enter the swing club to return Morgan's wallet. After finally gaining entrance, Morgan "rewards Roberts by making him the manager of his new club, with the understanding that he pose as owner. Roberts, unaware that the club plays swing music, finally accepts.
Roberts sends for one of his students to come sing for the new nightclub, Joan Dennis (Mary Kornman), who shows up just prior to Randall (Bill Elliott), a local racketeer. Randall doesn't want Morgan moving in on his territory, but Morgan tells Randall that Roberts is the owner of the nightclub. Randall thinks "the Professor" is using an alias, and assumes he's a racketeer from Chicago, since Roberts is from Illinois. After doing some checking, Morgan and his gang discover there really is a racketeer named the Professor from Chicago.
Morgan throws a party for his gang, later Roberts and Joan leave a note for Morgan with his assistant, Toby Brickhead (Pat Gleason) saying they're going to visit Randall's nightclub. Randall tries to make "friends" with Roberts by offering him a large sum of money, Roberts is surprised and initially refuses, but after Randall offers him even more Roberts accepts.
Randall and his gang read in the newspaper that the underworld figure called the Professor is deported from Liverpool as Morgan and Joan leave to get married. Randall shows up at the nightclub in an effort to take over management. Beaver tells Roberts the only recourse they have is to get a mob and they don't have one, Roberts has another opinion on the matter. He steals a taxicab which results in a large number of taxicabs that follow Roberts to the nightclub. Roberts gets into a fistfight with Randall trying to free Teddy who has been held hostage by Randall, and Randall is knocked out just prior to the numerous taxi drivers entering the nightclub intent on finding the taxi thief. Beaver points to the still unconscious Randall and the taxi drivers say they're going to take him to jail.
Musical Numbers
I'm Richer Than a Millionaire – Professor
I'm Sorta Kinda Glad – Professor
Old Fashioned Melody – Teddy, Professor
What More Could I Ask For - Professor and the Singing Tramps
Cast
Pinky Tomlin as Professor Artemis J. Roberts
Paula Stone as Teddy Ross
Milburn Stone as Lou Morgan
Mary Kornman as Joan Dennis
Bill Elliott as Randall (as Gordon Elliott)
Pat Gleason as Toby Brickhead
Ralph Peters as Beaver
George Cleveland as Dean
Harry Depp as Trustee
Harry Semels as Angelo
The Gentlemaniacs
Paul (Mousie) Garner as Member of Gentlemaniacs
Sam Wolfe as Member of Gentlemaniacs
Richard Hakins as Member of Gentlemaniacs
The Four Squires
Lou Butterman as Member of the Four Squires
Jack W. Smith as Member of the Four Squires
Harry S. Powell as Member of the Four Squires
Glen T. Moore as Member of the Four Squires
The Four Singing Tramps
Tom Clark as Member of Singing Tramps
Fred Harder than Member of Singing Tramps
Art Moore as Member of Singing Tramps
Bob Snyder as Member of Singing Tramps
Dan Brodie as Morgan's Assistant
Charles Dorety as 1st Taxi Driver
Jack Evans as Hobo on Freight Train
George Grandee as Dance Director
Harrison Greene as Poultry Equipment Salesman
I. Stanford Jolley as Piano Playing Hobo
Reception
In his book Swing Changes, David Ware Stowe incorrectly attributes the title role as the professor to Kay Kyser who does not appear in the film.
In the January 1938 edition of The Motion Picture Guide, Graham & Nash write that the film is above average and that it has an amusing story, with "songs that are pleasantly woven into the action"
References
External links
1937 films
1937 musical comedy films
1930s English-language films
American musical comedy films
Films directed by Marshall Neilan
American black-and-white films
1930s American films
Elvira Shatayeva was a Russian professional mountain climber and professional athlete and the leader of a failed expedition to Pik Lenina, Pamir, Tajikistan-Kyrgyzstan border in August 1974. At the time of her death in 1974, she was one of the most famous climbers in the USSR.
In 1972, she led an all-women's ascent of Peak Korzhenevskaya in Tajikistan. In 1973, she led an expedition of the Ushba in Georgia.
In August 1974, she attempted to conquer hiking to peak Lenin with an all-female group for the first time in history. The group included: Nina Vasilyeva and Valentina Fateyeva of Moscow; Ilsinar Mukhamedova and Tatyana Sardashova of Dushanbe; Galina Perekhodyuk of Chelyabinsk; Lyudmila Manzharova of Frunze and Irina Lyubimtseva of Sverdlovsk. Her entire group died on the mountain, as reported by American Pamirs/USSR Expedition that was on the mountain at the same time.
Shatayeva's husband, Vladimir Shatayev, wrote a memoir about the experience and his life called Degrees of Difficulty.
References
Female climbers
Russian mountain climbers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Rosalyn "Roz" Borden (May 29, 1932 – January 23, 2003) was an American actor and singer, and along with her sister, Marilyn Borden, were known as The Borden Twins. The duo is perhaps best known for their appearance on I Love Lucy playing "Teensy and Weensy" in the episode entitled "Tennessee Bound". Although never anything other than supporting players, the duo have performed in several venues, including gigs on the nightclub circuit, as well as larger events including Rose Bowl. The twins also performed at countless USO shows at home and overseas. and have worked with many famous entertainer including: Lucille Ball, Dean Martin, and Jerry Lewis, Andy Williams, Sammy Davis, Jr., Jimmy Durante, Bea Arthur, and Bob Newhart.
Biography
Early life
Marilyn and Rosalyn Borden were born in Hartford, Connecticut on May 29, 1932 to Harry (1906–1973) and Elizabeth Borden (1909–1995) and would be followed by a younger sister, Barbara, in 1945. Shortly after the birth of Barbara, Harry left the family.
The Borden Twins got into acting with the encouragement of their parents and as children worked with such famous actors including Bill Robinson. At age four, they performed on a local radio show with Ed Begley in their hometown of Hartford. As teenagers, their family moved to Los Angeles. In high school, they started doing network television. In 1951, they caught the eye of Gene Kelly who wanted to get them a part in Singin' in the Rain. They can only be seen as extras in large crowd scenes.
Career
The Twins would appear on several television shows including The Spike Jones Show and became regular performers on The Jimmy Durante Show. The twins soon began their association with Jimmy Durante that would span seven years, appearing on many of his TV shows and travelling in his nightclub act. Between their work with Durante, the twins played local nightclubs and travelled with the U.S.O. entertaining servicemen in Korea, Japan, and the Philippines.
Television
While appearing on an episode of The Ed Wynn Show the twins caught the attention of Lucille Ball, who promised them she would find a part for them on I Love Lucy. True to her word, Ball featured the twins in episode 112 entitled "Tennessee Bound" in which they played the sheriff's daughter's 'Teensy' and Weensy,' opposite Tennessee Ernie Ford.
The twins continued work on television and appeared on CHiPs, Maude, and The Ropers. In The 1970s and 1980s the twins worked on the San Francisco based morning show A.M. San Francisco as fitness experts. Also in the 1980s they began work with Bob Newhart in his stage show in Las Vegas and Lake Tahoe.
Roz and Marilyn were last seen together on television on the 1998 "All-Star Tribute to Aaron Spelling." They would continue to appear at Lucy conventions in California and Jamestown, New York, but they had gotten into the Travel business and booked cruise tours on which they would perform.
Roz's death
Roz had been ill for several years, and the twins moved from the San Francisco Bay area to Modesto, California.
On May 29, 2002, the twins celebrated their 70th birthday, but Roz's health soon declined and she died of liver failure on January 23, 2003 at the age of 70. After her sister's death, Marilyn became a volunteer for the local community hospice, a position she retained for the next four years. That May, Marilyn made her first trip without Roz to Jamestown for the annual "Loving Lucy Festival." She would return again in 2005.
Television
Four Star Revue (Girl in Gondola 1 episode 1952)
The Colgate Comedy Hour (1952)
The Spike Jones Show (1954 and 1957)
The Ed Wynn Show
The Jimmy Durante Show (1955–1957 regular performer)
I Love Lucy (episode 112 "Tennessee Bound" January 24, 1955 as Weensy)
Rhoda .... Rosalyn (1 episode, 1976) only work not done with Marilyn.
CHiPs .... Dottie Tidwell (1 episode, 1977)
Maude .... Shirley (1 episode, 1978)
Apple Pie .... Trudy Laskey (1 episode, 1978)The Ropers .... Betty (1 episode, 1979)Lottery! .... Dora (1 episode, 1984)The Joan Rivers Show .... (1989)Out of This World .... Buffalo Breath Twin (1 episode, 1990)All-Star Party for Aaron Spelling 1998''
References
External links
The Borden Twins Official Website
1932 births
2003 deaths
Actresses from Connecticut
Musicians from Hartford, Connecticut
Twin people from the United States
Identical twin actresses
Actresses from Hartford, Connecticut
20th-century American musicians
20th-century American women musicians
21st-century American women
The 2011–12 NCAA Division III men's ice hockey season began on October 21, 2011, and concluded on March 17, 2012. This was the 39th season of Division III college ice hockey.
ECAC East and the NESCAC ended the arrangement where all games between conference members were counted for their conference standings.
Regular season
Season tournaments
Standings
Note: Mini-game are not included in final standings
2012 NCAA Tournament
Note: * denotes overtime period(s)
See also
2011–12 NCAA Division I men's ice hockey season
2011–12 NCAA Division II men's ice hockey season
References
External links
NCAA
Fielding Edlow is a comedian, actress, and writer who has appeared in BoJack Horseman, Get Shorty and Behind The Candelabra. She grew up in New York City and attended the Neighborhood Playhouse.
She was trained at the Upright Citizens Brigade. In 2008, she married American actor Larry Clarke and they have one daughter. Fielding created Bitter Homes and Gardens, a comedy web-series in which the couple star as a narcissistic Hollywood couple who relentlessly demean each other's careers and achievements. Fielding's half-hour comedy special, Can't Say Sl*t, is now streaming on Amazon (Comedy Dynamics). She is also an LA based playwright and her plays have been workshopped/produced at Naked Angels, Comedy Central Stage, Skylight, and Circle X Theatre
References
External links
American women comedians
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
American voice actresses
American stand-up comedians
21st-century American women
The Williams Institute on Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity Law and Public Policy, usually shortened to Williams Institute, is a public policy research institute based at the UCLA School of Law focused on sexual orientation and gender identities issues.
History
The Williams Institute was founded in 2001 through a grant by Charles R. "Chuck" Williams. Williams's inaugural donation of $2.5 million to create the institute was the largest donation ever given to any academic institution in support of a LGBT academic program in any discipline. In 2013, Williams donated an additional $5.5 million to support the institute.
The Williams Project was founded to replace the pervasive bias against LGBT people in law, policy, and culture with independent research on LGBT issues. In 2006, the Williams Project merged with the Institute for Gay & Lesbian Strategic Studies, becoming the Williams Institute.
The institute's early years established a commitment to interdisciplinary research that continues today. Scholars analyzed the impact of marriage equality, filed amicus briefs in seminal cases like Lawrence v. Texas, and studied the demographic characteristics of same-sex couples. In 2011, the Williams Institute released one of the first data-backed estimates of the LGBT population in the U.S., which shed light on the potential impact of policies and laws on LGBT people nationwide.
For nearly two decades, policymakers, lawmakers, advocates, and the courts have relied on the Williams institute's expertise. Williams Institute scholars have consulted with government agencies to improve federal data collection of LGBT people. They have provided testimony to Congress in hearings on Don't Ask, Don't Tell and the Employment Non-Discrimination Act. Justice Anthony Kennedy cited Williams Institute estimates on the number of same-sex couples raising children as a deciding factor in the landmark decision in Obergefell v. Hodges, which granted marriage equality in the U.S.
Today, the Williams Institute has an annual budget of over $4.5 million and a staff of 25 with expertise in economics, public health, demographics, public policy, psychology, and law.
Activities
The Williams Institute focuses on legal research, public policy analysis, judicial training, and leadership development. Their core focus issues include employment discrimination, same-sex marriage, adoption, LGBT youth, public health, immigration, poverty, and violence. The institute also provides a LGBT analysis of the United States Census.
Researchers
Researchers involved with the Williams Institute include:
M. V. Lee Badgett
Nanette Gartrell
Ilan H. Meyer
Jody L. Herman
Bianca D.M. Wilson
Nancy D. Polikoff
References
External links
2001 establishments in California
LGBT organizations in the United States
Organizations based in Los Angeles
Organizations established in 2001
Imre Nagy (21 February 1933 – 20 October 2013) was a Hungarian modern pentathlete and Olympic champion. He participated on the Hungarian team that won the gold medals at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome, and he also received an individual silver medal at the event. He received a bronze medal with the Hungarian team at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo.
References
External links
Hungarian male modern pentathletes
Olympic modern pentathletes of Hungary
Modern pentathletes at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Modern pentathletes at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for Hungary
Olympic silver medalists for Hungary
Olympic bronze medalists for Hungary
Olympic medalists in modern pentathlon
1933 births
2013 deaths
World Modern Pentathlon Championships medalists
Medalists at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1960 Summer Olympics
People from Monor
Sportspeople from Pest County
20th-century Hungarian people
21st-century Hungarian people
This is the progression of world record improvements of the 3000 metres M40 division of Masters athletics. Records must be set in properly conducted, official competitions under the standing IAAF rules unless modified by World Masters Athletics.
The M50 division consists of male athletes who have reached the age of 50 but have not yet reached the age of 55, so exactly from their 50th birthday to the day before their 55th birthday.
Key
References
Masters Athletics 3000 m list
Masters athletics world record progressions
All Day is an album by The Pietasters, released on August 21, 2007 on Indication Records. It includes material that the band had been writing for the previous three years.
Track listing
"Change My Ways" (Pezzimenti) – 2:54
"Don't Wanna Know" (Pezzimenti) – 3:34
"Late Night Call" (Pezzimenti) – 3:44
"Triflin'" (Pezzimenti) – 3:17
"Keep on Lyin'" (Pezzimenti) – 3:12
"Dream of You" (Jackson/Pezzimenti) – 3:49
"Anj Gil" (Pezzimenti) – 2:32
"Fozzy (Part 1)" (Jackson/Pezzimenti) – 3:28
"Listen to Her Heart" (Petty) – 3:12
"So Long" (Pezzimenti) – 2:31
"Ordinary" (Jackson/Pezzimenti) – 3:09
"Oolooloo" (Pezzimenti) – 2:43
"Sketch Dub" (Crandall) – 3:44
"G to F" (Jackson/Pezzimenti) – 3:24
"All Day" (Pezzimenti) - appears on Japanese edition
"Concept" (Blake) - appears on Japanese edition
"Jasper's Fade" (Pezzimenti) - appears on Japanese edition
Personnel
Stephen Jackson - vocals
Jorge Pezzimenti - bass guitar, guitar, keyboards, vocals, producer
Toby Hansen - guitar, vocals
Rob Steward - drums
Alan Makranczy - saxophone, vocals, melodica
Jeremy Roberts - trombone, vocals
Carlos Linares - trumpet, vocals
Todd Harris - producer, percussion, background vocals, engineer, mixing
Jeb Crandall - keyboards
Jeff Watkins - saxophone
Tammy Harris - handclapping, laughs
Sean Russell - engineer
Seth Foster - mastering
References
2007 albums
The Pietasters albums
Raymond William Hutchison (born 21 July 1944) is a former New Zealand cricketer and umpire. Hutchison was a left-handed batsman who bowled slow left-arm orthodox. He was born in Dunedin, Otago.
Career
Hutchison made his first-class debut for Otago against Northern Districts in 1966. Hutchison played 29 further first-class matches for Otago, the last coming in 1971 against Central Districts. In his 30 first-class matches for Otago, he scored 963 runs and an average of 19.65. He made 3 half centuries, with his highest score of 66 coming against Wellington in 1968. With the ball, he took 3 wickets, which came at an expensive bowling average of 114.33. It was for Otago that he made his debut in List A cricket for, making a single appearance in that format against Canterbury. He scored 36 runs in this match, before being dismissed by David Trist. His playing career with Otago ended at the end of the 1971/72 New Zealand cricket season.
He 1973, he joined English county Buckinghamshire, making his debut for the county in that season Minor Counties Championship against Bedfordshire. Hutchison played Minor counties cricket for Buckinghamshire from 1973 to 1975, making 31 Minor Counties Championship appearances. Playing for Buckinghamshire allowed him to play List A cricket for Minor Counties South, with his first List A appearance for the team coming in the 1974 Benson & Hedges Cup against Glamorgan. He played 7 further List A match for the team which were spread over the 1974 Benson & Hedges Cup and the 1975 Benson & Hedges Cup. In total, he made 8 appearances for the team, scoring 73 runs at an average of 9.12, while with the ball he took 6 wickets at an average of 28.16, with best figures of 4/68. During his time in England, he also played limited-overs cricket for Buckinghamshire on 2 occasions: against Kent in the 1974 Gillette Cup and Middlesex in the 1975 Gillette Cup.
Returning to New Zealand, Hutchison joined Central Districts for the 1975/76 season, making 7 first-class appearances in that season, the last of which came against Auckland. In his 7 first-class appearances for the team, he scored 271 runs at an average of 22.58, with a high score of 45. He also took 3 first-class wickets for Central Districts, which came at an average of 56.00. He also made 2 List A appearances in that season against Northern Districts and Wellington, with the match against Wellington being the one in which he recorded his only List A half century, making an unbeaten 56. He did not feature for the team in any form of cricket after that season.
Following his retirement, Hutchison umpired in first-class and List A cricket from 1990 to 1992, during which he also umpired in a Women's Test match between New Zealand women and England women.
See also
List of Otago representative cricketers
References
External links
Ray Hutchison at ESPNcricinfo
Ray Hutchison at CricketArchive
1944 births
Living people
Cricketers from Dunedin
New Zealand cricketers
Otago cricketers
Buckinghamshire cricketers
Minor Counties cricketers
Central Districts cricketers
New Zealand cricket umpires
Ashok Gehlot (born 3 May 1951) is an Indian politician serving as the current Chief Minister of Rajasthan. He held this position from December 1998 to 2003, and from 2008 to 2013, and again from 17 December 2018. He represents Sardarpura constituency of Jodhpur as Member of Legislative Assembly of Rajasthan.
He was a national General secretary of Congress Party, in-charge of organisations and training from March 2018 to 23 January 2019. He was also made in-charge of Gujarat state during 2017 Gujarat Legislative Assembly election.
Personal life
Ashok Gehlot is the son of Laxman Singh Gehlot, a magician who used to travel around the country to show his magic tricks. Gehlot came from a humble Sainik Kshatriya Mandorva Rajput family background with no connection in politics. He is a science and law graduate, he also holds an MA degree in economics. He is married to Sunita Gehlot and has a son and a daughter. His son Vaibhav Gehlot is a politician who contested in the Lok Sabha elections of 2019 from Jodhpur.
He is a member of the Indian National Congress (INC) party. He was influenced by the teachings of Mahatma Gandhi at a very young age and was actively engaged in social political work even as a student. During the East Bengali refugees crisis in 1971, he served in the refugee camps in the eastern states of India. It is there when former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi first identified his organizational skills during one of her visits to the refugee camps. Gehlot was later appointed the first State President of National Students' Union of India and successfully organised Congress's Student Wing in the state. Gehlot is a staunch Gandhiite and he lived in Wardha to adapt his lifestyle as a Gandhiite. He eats before sunset and is a
pure vegetarian and enjoys Satvik Meals. He is also a teetotaler.
Political career
He contested his first election for Rajasthan Legislative assembly in 1977 for Sardarpura constituency and lost by a margin of 4426 votes to his closest opponent Madhav Singh of the Janata Party. Gehlot had to sell his motorcycle to contest his first election.
In 1980 he contested Lok Sabha election from Jodhpur and won by a margin of 52,519 votes. In 1984 he was appointed as the Union Minister. In 1989 he lost the election from Jodhpur.
When the Congress party returned to power in 1991 he was appointed as Union Minister again by then Prime Minister P.V. Narasimha Rao. He was discharged from his duty in 1993 and headed towards his home state Rajasthan to manage Congress political affairs. In 1998, Congress won a landslide victory by winning 153 out of 200 seats. Ashok Gehlot was appointed as the Chief Minister of Rajasthan for the first time.
In 2003, Congress lost Rajasthan and won merely 56 seats. In 2008 Rajasthan Legislative Assembly election Congress was short of a majority by 4 seats and Gehlot who was a well-known troubleshooter in Congress was appointed as the Chief Minister to prevent instability and thus he was sworn in for the second time as Chief Minister.
In 2013, Congress suffered its worst-ever defeat by only winning 21 seats in 200 member assembly. Gehlot was then appointed as AICC General Secretary in 2013. He remained at the position till 2018 and after 2018 Rajasthan Legislative Assembly election, when Congress returned to power he was appointed as the Chief Minister for the third time despite the strong candidacy of Sachin Pilot due to his role in the revival of Congress after its worst-ever defeat in Legislative Elections. Sachin Pilot was appointed as Deputy Chief Minister.
In 2022, it was reported that Sonia Gandhi supports Gehlot leading Congress in the next Indian general election.
Positions held
Other positions held
References
External links
Interview to rediff.com in 1999
|-
|-
|-
|-
1951 births
Living people
Chief Ministers of Rajasthan
Indian National Congress politicians
People from Jodhpur
Rajasthani people
Rajasthani politicians
India MPs 1980–1984
India MPs 1984–1989
India MPs 1991–1996
India MPs 1996–1997
India MPs 1998–1999
Finance Ministers of Rajasthan
Lok Sabha members from Rajasthan
Chief ministers from Indian National Congress
People named in the Paradise Papers
Rajasthan MLAs 2018–2023
The Western potato leafhopper (Empoasca abrupta) are small, yellow, green or brown winged insects. That reach a length of approximately 3mm.
Leafhoppers infest potato plants, and suck sap from potato leaves, causing a yellow mottle. Their eggs are usually laid within plant, and thus are invisible.
References
Insects described in 1931
Empoascini
Steffen Lieberwirth (born 10 March 1952) is a German musicologist, dramaturge and journalist.
Life
Born in Leipzig, Lieberwirth studied musicology and German literature at the Karl-Marx-University Leipzig and the Martin Luther University of Halle-Wittenberg. Afterwards, he worked for the entertainment agency in Leipzig. In 1979, he became a freelancer in the field of reportage and music history at Radio DDR, Leipzig station. From 1981 he worked as dramaturg, from 1982 to 1989 he was head of the dramaturgy at the Gewandhaus under Kappel Meister. Kurt Masur. During this period (1987), Lieberwirth was awarded a dissertation, supervised by Reinhard Szeskus, submitted to the Scientific Council of the University of Leipzig, Faculty of Cultural, Linguistic and Educational Sciences and prepared by the Art and Cultural Sciences Section of the Faculty of Musicology-Music Education dissertation A "Der Sozialstatus der Musiker in städtischen Diensten vom Beginn ihrer Sesshaftwerdung bis zum 19. Jahrhundert im sächsisch-thüringischen Raum" (The Social Status of Musicians in Municipal Services from the Beginning of their Settlement to the 19th Century in the Saxon-Thuringian Region) earned him a Dr. phil. doctorate. Among the reviewers of the thesis were Bernd Baselt and . As a consultant, he participated in international symposia in Amsterdam, Bratislava, Leipzig, Linz, Prague and other cities.
After the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1990, Lieberwirth became editor at the Neue Musikzeitung, responsible for the states of Brandenburg, Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Saxony, Saxony-Anhalt and Thuringia. In 1990/91 he was head of the department of culture at the end built up the programme "Sachsen 3 - Kultur". From 1992, he was music director of MDR Kultur and MDR Figaro. In 2010, he became chief producer of the radio programmes of the MDR.
From 1996 to 2008, Lieberwirth was a member of the advisory board of the Goethe-Institut. In 1996, he founded the radio programme guide Triangel. Das Radio zum Lesen, whose editor-in-chief he was until 2006. He then became project manager of the CD/DVD documentation series "Edition Staatskapelle Dresden" (2005), "Semperoper Edition" (2009) and "Edition Gewandhausorchester" (2011). Since 2005, he has also been responsible for the Mitteldeutscher Rundfunk CD label "MDR Klassik".
Publications
Die Gewandhaus-Orgeln. Edition Peters, Leipzig among others 1986. (2nd edition 1988: )
Gerhard Bosse. Ein Leben am ersten Pult. Ed. Peters, Leipzig among others 1987, .
Anton Bruckner und Leipzig. Die Jahre 1884–1902. Akademische Druck- und Verlagsanstalt, Graz 1988, .
(ed.): Anton Bruckner. Leben, Werk, Interpretation, Rezeption. Anlässlich der Gewandhaus-Festtage 1987, Leipzig, 9. – 11. Oktober 1987 (Dokumente zur Gewandhausgeschichte. Vol. 7). Ed. Peters, Leipzig 1988, .
Bruckner und Leipzig. Vom Werden und Wachsen einer Tradition. Edition Peters, Leipzig 1990, .
"Wer eynen Spielmann zu Tode schlaegt…". Ein mittelalterliches Zeitdokument anno 1989. Ed. Peters, Leipzig 1990, .
(ed.): Gustav Mahler. Leben, Werk, Interpretation, Rezeption. Anlässlich der Gewandhaus-Festtage 1985, Leipzig, 11. – 13. Oktober 1985 (Dokumente zur Gewandhausgeschichte. Vol. 5). Ed. Peters, Leipzig 1990, .
(ed.): Mitteldeutscher Rundfunk – die Geschichte des Sinfonieorchesters. Kamprad, Altenburg 1999, .
(ed.): Mitteldeutscher Rundfunk – Radio-Geschichte(n). Kamprad, Altenburg 2000, .
(ed.): Vom Kofferstudio zum Mediencenter. Die Geschichte des Rundfunks in Thüringen 1925–2000. Kamprad, Altenburg 2002, .
with Eszter Fontana and Veit Heller (ed.): Wenn Engel musizieren. Musikinstrumente von 1594 im Freiberger Dom. Stekovics, Dößel 2004, . (2nd edition 2008: )
with Hagen Kunze (ed.): Der Thomanerchor Leipzig zwischen 1928 und 1950. Umbrüche: Erinnerungen und Dokumente. CD-Beilage mit frühesten Schallaufnahmen des Thomanerchores seit 1928 (Edition Thomanerchor. Vol. 1). Querstand, Altenburg 2013, .
References
External links
Literatur von Steffen Lieberwirth in der Bibliography of Music Literature
Steffen Lieberwirth on SächsBib
Steffen Lieberwirth auf rundfunkschaetze.de
1952 births
Living people
German music historians
German music journalists
20th-century German journalists
German radio journalists
German newspaper journalists
Dramaturges
Mitteldeutscher Rundfunk people
Writers from Leipzig
Daniel "Dani" Barrio Alvarez (born 10 February 1987) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Burgos CF.
Club career
Born in Gijón, Asturias, Barrio graduated with Sporting de Gijón's youth setup, and made his senior debuts with the reserves in the 2006–07 campaign, in Tercera División. He first arrived in Segunda División B in 2011, signing for Real Oviedo, after stints with Ribadesella CF and Marino de Luanco, both in the fourth level.
On 11 August 2013 Barrio moved to CD Leganés, also in the third division. He appeared in 31 matches during the season, as the Madrid side were promoted to Segunda División after a ten-year absence.
On 11 September 2014 Barrio made his professional debut, starting in a 1–1 home draw against CD Numancia, for the campaign's Copa del Rey. He made his Segunda División debut on 8 February of the following year, playing the full 90 minutes in a 2–0 away win against RCD Mallorca.
In 2015, Barrio joined UD Melilla in the third division, being an undisputed first-choice during his spell. On 10 July 2019, he signed a one-year contract with CD Numancia in the second level.
On 28 August 2020, after suffering relegation, Barrio agreed to a two-year contract with Málaga CF. After two seasons acting mainly as a backup, he signed a one-year deal with fellow second level side Burgos CF on 30 June 2022.
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
People from Gijón
Spanish footballers
Footballers from Asturias
Association football goalkeepers
Segunda División players
Segunda División B players
Tercera División players
Sporting de Gijón B players
Real Oviedo players
CD Leganés players
UD Melilla footballers
CD Numancia players
Málaga CF players
Burgos CF footballers
Benito Joanet Giménez (16 September 1935 – 22 March 2020) was a Spanish football player and manager.
Playing career
Born in Esplugues de Llobregat, Joanet played as a goalkeeper for Espanyol, Real Zaragoza, Terrassa, Europa and Deportivo de La Coruña.
Coaching career
After retiring he became a football manager, taking charge of Hércules, Castellón, Antequerano, Cádiz, Mallorca, Tenerife, Espanyol, Salamanca and Las Palmas.
Death
Joanet died in Alicante on 22 March 2020 from COVID-19, during the COVID-19 pandemic.
References
1935 births
2020 deaths
People from Esplugues de Llobregat
Sportspeople from the Province of Barcelona
Spanish footballers
RCD Espanyol footballers
Real Zaragoza players
Terrassa FC footballers
CE Europa footballers
Deportivo de La Coruña players
Segunda División players
La Liga players
Association football goalkeepers
Spanish football managers
Hércules CF managers
CD Castellón managers
CD Antequerano managers
Cádiz CF managers
RCD Mallorca managers
CD Tenerife managers
RCD Espanyol managers
UD Salamanca managers
UD Las Palmas managers
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in Spain
Footballers from Catalonia
Dianthus crinitus is a species of Dianthus in the carnation family found in northwestern Africa, the eastern Aegean Islands, Anatolia, the Transcaucasus and the North Caucasus, Lebanon, Syria, Iran, the Gulf States, and Oman. Common names may be associated more with some subspecies than others, and include hairy carnation and longhaired pink. It grows on serpentine soils.
Subspecies
A number of subspecies have been described:
Dianthus crinitus subsp. baldzhuanicus (Lincz.) Rech.f.
Dianthus crinitus subsp. kermanensis Rech.f.
Dianthus crinitus subsp. nuristanicus (Gilli) Rech.f.
Dianthus crinitus subsp. soongoricus (Schischk.) Kozhevn.
Dianthus crinitus subsp. tetralepis (Nevski) Rech.f.
Dianthus crinitus subsp. turcomanicus (Schischk.) Rech.f.
References
crinitus
Plants described in 1794
Phacellodomus is the genus of thornbirds, birds in the family Furnariidae. They are found in woodland, shrubland and grassland, often near water, in South America.
Taxonomy
The genus Phacellodomus was introduced in 1853 by the German naturalist Ludwig Reichenbach to accommodate the rufous-fronted thornbird. The genus name combines the Ancient Greek phakellos meaning "bundle of twigs" and domos meaning "house".
Species
The genus contains ten species:
Rufous-fronted thornbird, Phacellodomus rufifrons
Plain thornbird, Phacellodomus inornatus (split from P. rufifrons)
Streak-fronted thornbird, Phacellodomus striaticeps
Little thornbird, Phacellodomus sibilatrix
Chestnut-backed thornbird, Phacellodomus dorsalis
Spot-breasted thornbird, Phacellodomus maculipectus
Freckle-breasted thornbird, Phacellodomus striaticollis
Greater thornbird, Phacellodomus ruber
Orange-eyed thornbird, Phacellodomus erythrophthalmus
Orange-breasted thornbird, Phacellodomus ferrugineigula – formerly a subspecies of P. erythrophthalmus.
References
External links
Bird genera
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxa named by Ludwig Reichenbach
Lee Dong-keun (Hangul: 이동근; or ; born 20 November 1990) is a Korean badminton player specializing in men's singles. He won his first international senior title at the 2011 Vietnam International tournament. Lee participated at the 2012 World University Championships in Gwangju, South Korea, won a gold medal in the mixed team and a bronze in the singles events. He was also part of the South Korean winning team at the 2014 Asian Games. In 2016, Lee represented his country competing at the Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Achievements
World University Championships
Men's singles
BWF World Junior Championships
Boys' singles
BWF World Tour
The BWF World Tour, which was announced on 19 March 2017 and implemented in 2018, is a series of elite badminton tournaments sanctioned by the Badminton World Federation (BWF). The BWF World Tour is divided into levels of World Tour Finals, Super 1000, Super 750, Super 500, Super 300 (part of the HSBC World Tour), and the BWF Tour Super 100.
Men's singles
BWF Grand Prix
The BWF Grand Prix had two levels, the Grand Prix and Grand Prix Gold. It was a series of badminton tournaments sanctioned by the Badminton World Federation (BWF) and played between 2007 and 2017.
Men's singles
BWF Grand Prix Gold tournament
BWF Grand Prix tournament
BWF International Challenge/Series
Men's singles
BWF International Challenge tournament
BWF International Series tournament
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Badminton players from Seoul
South Korean male badminton players
Badminton players at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic badminton players of South Korea
Badminton players at the 2014 Asian Games
Badminton players at the 2018 Asian Games
Asian Games gold medalists for South Korea
Asian Games medalists in badminton
Medalists at the 2014 Asian Games
Grace Community School is a private Christian school in Tyler, Texas, United States. It is a college preparatory school with selective admissions.
History
The school was founded by Grace Community Church in 1973 and began with an enrollment of 60 students in grades 2-12. With the completion of the high school building in 1996, Grace expanded to two locations, keeping the elementary on Old Jacksonville Road and moving the junior high and high school to University Boulevard. Today the school exists as a junior kindergarten through 12th grade, coeducational, college-preparatory day school with selective admissions.
In 2017-2018, Grace Community Elementary School was awarded the National Blue Ribbon School status by the U.S. Department of Education. In 2015-2016, it was one of three high schools in Texas that were awarded the National Blue Ribbon School status by the U.S. Department of Education (0.5% of U.S. schools earn this coveted distinction).
Mission
Grace Community School's mission is to assist Christian families in educating, equipping, and encouraging their children to influence the world for Christ.
Accreditation and associations
Grace Community School is an Exemplary Accredited School by the Association of Christian Schools International (ACSI). The school was awarded exemplary accreditation in its inaugural year.
Grace is a member of the Council on Educational Standards and Accountability (CESA) which serves Christian schools and Christian organizations through leadership services, academic enrichment, programmatic development, and professional development; and by providing fellowship and fraternity to those who serve within Christian institutions.
The Texas Association of Private and Parochial Schools (TAPPS) states as its mission the building of leadership, fellowship, fair play, and sportsmanship of students enrolled in the organization's member schools in the areas of academics, athletics, and fine arts by providing wholesome competition for young men and women. Grace Community School is a top competitor among TAPPS associated schools.
Achievements and awards
Grace Community School won the 2017 Henderson Cup, the overall state championship award given by the Texas Association of Private and Parochial Schools. This annual award is presented to the school that earns the most points in 27 TAPPS competitions in a given school year. TAPPS competitions include three areas: academics, fine arts, and athletics. Grace is the first school in East Texas to win the Henderson Cup in the 5A classification.
In the 2017-2018 academic year, Grace Community School had two National Merit Scholarship semifinalists.
In 2015-2016, Grace was one of three high schools in Texas that were awarded the National Blue Ribbon School status by the U.S. Department of Education (0.5% of U.S. schools earn this coveted distinction).
In the 2016-2017 academic year, Grace Community School had two National Merit Scholarships semifinalists.
Over 90% of Grace Community School seniors took the ACT and, as a group, scored in the top 15% of the nation.
External links
GraceTyler.org
Christian schools in Texas
Schools in Smith County, Texas
High schools in Tyler, Texas
Educational institutions established in 1973
Private K-12 schools in Texas
1973 establishments in Texas
Leptocarpus may refer to:
Leptocarpus (crustacean), a genus of shrimps in the family Palaemonidae
Leptocarpus (plant), a genus of flowering plants in the family Restionaceae
George Berkeley, 8th Baron Berkeley (1601 – 10 August 1658) was a seventeenth-century English nobleman and a prominent patron of literature in his generation.
Family
George Berkeley, baptized 26 October 1601 at Low Leyton, Essex, was the only surviving son of Sir Thomas Berkeley (11 July 1575 – 22 November 1611) and Elizabeth Carey, daughter and sole heir of George Carey, 2nd Baron Hunsdon. He was the grandson of Henry Berkeley, 7th Baron Berkeley (d. 26 November 1613), by his first wife, Katherine Howard (d. 7 April 1596), third daughter of Henry Howard, Earl of Surrey and Frances de Vere, daughter of John de Vere, 15th Earl of Oxford and Elizabeth Trussell.
Career
Berkeley's childhood was spent in Warwickshire, where he was a pupil of the translator, Philemon Holland of Coventry, and of Henry Ashwood.
He succeeded to his titles of Baron Berkeley of Berkeley, Mowbray, Segrave, & Breuse of Gower at the death of his grandfather, Henry Berkeley, 7th Baron Berkeley, on 26 November 1613. His family seat was at Berkeley Castle in Gloucestershire. He was made a Knight of the Order of the Bath on November 4, 1616, when Prince Charles was made Prince of Wales. He was educated at Christ Church, Oxford, and received his M.A. degree from the university in 1623. He was made a member of the Council of Wales and the Marches in 1633.
Berkeley supported a range of important writers in the Jacobean and Caroline eras. A number of significant figures dedicated their works to him in gratitude for his patronage—;or in hope of receiving it. These included Robert Burton, who dedicated The Anatomy of Melancholy to Berkeley upon its publication in 1621. Berkeley was a notable patron of English Renaissance drama: Philip Massinger dedicated his play The Renegado to Berkeley on its 1630 publication, as James Shirley did his The Young Admiral in 1637. John Webster dedicated The Duchess of Malfi to Berkeley in 1623. The wording of Webster's dedication suggests that Webster was seeking Berkeley's patronage rather than acknowledging support already given; it is not known to what degree the supplication was effective.
Through both his own and his wife's families Berkeley was connected with established traditions of support for literature. His maternal grandfather had backed the Lord Chamberlain's Men, the acting company of William Shakespeare. Berkeley himself has been described as "a friend of the King's Men." His wife was connected to Katherine Stanhope, the dedicatee of Massinger's The Duke of Milan.
At his death in 1658, Berkeley was succeeded as 9th Baron Berkeley by his second son, also named George Berkeley.
(Note: members of the Berkeley family, the descendants of Robert Fitzharding, are usually referred to by the Berkeley surname. The 8th Baron is George Berkeley in many sources. In his own era, however, in the dedications of contemporaneous works such as The Duchess of Malfi, he is identified as George Harding.)
Marriage and issue
Berkeley married, on 13 April 1614, Elizabeth Stanhope (d. 1669), the second daughter and coheir of Sir Michael Stanhope of Sudbourne, Suffolk, by Anne Reade (b. 21 December 1604), the daughter of Sir William Reade of Osterley, Middlesex.
The marriage produced three children, but had broken down by 1630:
Charles (1623–41) drowned, when returning to England from France.
Elizabeth (1624–61) married Edward, the eldest son of John Coke of Holkham, Norfolk
George Berkeley, 1st Earl of Berkeley
Notes
References
Further reading
8
1601 births
1658 deaths
George
Patrons of literature
People from Warwickshire
17th-century English nobility
17th-century philanthropists
FourTwoNine (the numbers spell out "gay" on a cellphone keypad) is an American print publication. FourTwoNine, according to its website, is "an up-to-the-minute men's brand aimed at thought influencers and cultural leaders of all genders." The website further stats that "each issue of FourTwoNine highlights the latest news in culture, style, sports, technology, business and politics, while casting a spotlight on the leaders and innovators who are driving contemporary culture."
It was founded in 2013 by Richard Klein, founder and former publisher of Surface It is based in Los Angeles.
History
The first issue, in September 2013, focused on "Friendship" and featured Andy Cohen and Sarah Jessica Parker on its cover. It was voted "Launch of the Year" by Folio Magazine.
The March 2015 issue featured James Franco discussing his sexuality, in an "interview" between Franco's "straight half" and his "gay half".
Kevin Sessums contributed to the magazine until parting ways in July 2015. In 2016, Maer Roshan became editor-in-chief, adding more robust reporting and feature writing to the magazine.
References
LGBT-related magazines published in the United States
Magazines established in 2013
Magazines published in California
Brigitta Danuser is professor for occupational medicine at the University of Lausanne, Switzerland and directed from 2005 to 2015 the institute for work and health (Institut Universitaire Romand de Santé au Travail IST). Since 1993, she has been engaged in the development and teaching of the MAS/DAS Work+Health, which trains occupational physicians and hygienists. From 2012 till 2019 she was the academic director of these MAS/DAS.
Career
Brigitta Danuser studied medicine at the University of Zurich and made her venia legendi in work physiology at the ETH Zurich on the topic of motivated attention. Her psycho-physiological research focuses on the emotional and cognitive work involved in modern public performances, under the larger scientific body work and health research. Return to work and effects of the social compensation system became her research focus in recent years.
At the Institut de Santé au Travail Brigitta, Danuser developed the following occupational medicine consultations for employees: a general occupational medicine consultation, a consultation for suffering and work, a motherhood protection consultation, and a consultation for occupational respiratory diseases. Brigitta Danuser was president of the Swiss Society for Occupational Medicine from 2003 till 2010. Since 2009, she has been a member of the Swiss Federal Work Commission.
Awards
In 2012, Danuser was awarded the Joseph-Rutenfranz-Medaille by the German Society for Occupational and Environmental Medicine for her psycho-physiological research.
Publications
Brigitta Danuser: Homo laborans. Gesundsein und Kranksein bei der Arbeit. Versus, Zurich 2019, .
Brigitta Danuser and Viviane Gonik (Hrsg./ed.): Die Arbeit: eine Re-Vision. / Le travail: une re-vision. Chronos, Zurich 2013, .
List of publications on the website of the University of Lausanne
References
Swiss women academics
University of Zurich alumni
University of Lausanne faculty
Occupational safety and health
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Thomas Sheffield (born July 29, 1987) is an American football coach. He is currently the Special teams coordinator at the University of Hawaii at Manoa. Previous stops include Sam Houston State University, the University of Mary Hardin-Baylor, the University of North Texas, the University of Arkansas at Pine Bluff, and the University of Nevada, Reno.
Coaching career
Sam Houston State
Sheffield's first coaching position was as an offensive quality control coach for head coach Willie Fritz at Sam Houston State while finishing up his bachelor's degree in 2011. In his one year with his alma mater, Sheffield helped the Bearkats win the Southland Conference championship and reach the 2012 NCAA Division I Football Championship Game.
Mary Hardin-Baylor
From 2012 through 2014, Sheffield served as the tight ends coach and recruiting coordinator for legendary head coach Pete Fredenburg at Mary Hardin-Baylor. In his first two seasons with the NCAA Division III power, Sheffield helped lead the Crusaders to the Division III semifinals both years. UMHB had a 38-3 record in his three years.
In 2014, his star pupil, Eric Nelson, earned American Football Coaches Association First-Team All-America honors, after setting school records in receptions by a tight end, receiving yards by a tight end, and touchdown receptions by a tight end. He was the UMHB tight end to earned first team All-America honors.
North Texas
In 2015, Sheffield joined Dan McCarney's staff at North Texas as an offensive/special teams graduate assistant. When McCarney was fired, Sheffield was retained by new head coach Seth Littrell. During his time at the Denton, Texas school, Sheffield worked closely with Mean Green special teams coordinator Tommy Perry.
Arkansas-Pine Bluff
Sheffield's first full-time appointment at the division I level came in 2017 when he was hired by Monte Coleman as the tight ends coach and special teams coordinator at Arkansas-Pine Bluff. Coleman was fired after one season and Sheffield was retained by new head coach Cedric Thomas.
In 2017, Sheffield's special teams unit improved dramatically from the previous season. His punt team was ranked third nationally in net punt, eighth in punt return defense, and punter Jamie Gillan finished the year eighth in the nation in punting average. All three were school records.
The following season, Sheffield continued to develop Gillan, also known as the Scottish Hammer, in to an NFL prospect. Though he didn't play American football until he was already in high school, with Sheffield's guidance Gillan earned first-team All-Southwestern Athletic Conference honors as both a punter and kicker. He would go on to play for the Cleveland Browns where he was named to the PFWA All-Rookie Team in 2019.
Nevada
In 2020, Sheffield was hired to his first full-time position by Jay Norvell. He was the special teams coordinator at Nevada in 2020 and 2021. When he was hired by Norvell, he replaced his former mentor at North Texas, Tommy Perry.
During his Nevada tenure, three Wolf Pack members earned All-Mountain West Conference honors: return specialist Romeo Doubs, kicker Brandon Talton, and punter Julian Diaz. Sheffield guided the Wolf Pack special teams to rank ninth nationally in net punting in 2020, seventeenth nationally in punt returns in 2021, and blocked six kicks in his two seasons.
Sheffield really began to develop his own coaching mentality. He adopted the term “Ride or Die” as his mantra, going so far as to even getting a tattoo of the saying with a skull with an eye patch and flames coming out of it. It took five and a half hours, but it was worth it when he revealed it to the team before the season opener. His special teams units, which comprise of players from every position group bought in to playing with the same mentality. He even made a deal with Norvell that he would where a Ride or Die patch on his practice shirts.
Hawaii
When Jay Norvell was hired as the new head coach at Colorado State, Sheffield followed him, but a short time later, Nevada/Colorado State wide receivers coach Timmy Chang was hired as the new head coach at Hawaii and he hired Sheffield as his associate head coach and special teams coordinator.
Personal life
Sheffield and his wife (Emily) have two sons (Peyton Bear, Cannon Wolf) and a daughter (Blair).
References
1987 births
Living people
James Floyd may refer to:
James Floyd (actor) (born 1985), British actor
James C. Floyd (born 1914), Canadian aerospace engineer
John Floyd (pioneer) (James John Floyd, 1750–1783), pioneer of the Midwestern United States
James H. Floyd (1920–1974), American politician
James H. Floyd State Park, Summerville, Georgia
J. T. Floyd (born 1989), American football player
James R. Floyd, chief executive of Muscogee (Creek) Nation
Jim Bob Floyd (born 1929), American concert pianist
Provincial Trunk Highway 3 (PTH 3) is a major provincial highway located in the Canadian province of Manitoba. It runs from the Saskatchewan boundary (where it meets Highway 18) to the southwest city limits of Winnipeg, where it continues as Winnipeg Route 155 (McGillivray Boulevard). Prior before to the implementation of Winnipeg's City Route System, it extended to Pembina Highway.
West of its junction of PTH 14, PTH 3 is designated as the Boundary Commission Trail, commemorating the historic red river cart trail which connected western communities to the North-Western Territory and to British Columbia.
Major intersections
Auxiliary routes
Highway 3A, alternate route in Clearwater
References
External links
Official Name and Location - Declaration of Provincial Trunk Highways Regulation - The Highways and Transportation Act - Provincial Government of Manitoba
Official Highway Map - Published and maintained by the Department of Infrastructure - Provincial Government of Manitoba (see Legend and Maps#1 & 2)
Google Maps Search - Provincial Trunk Highway 3
003
Donald Gaines Murray (May 24, 1914 – April 7, 1986 in Baltimore, Maryland) was an American attorney, the first African-American to enter the University of Maryland School of Law since 1890 as a result of winning the landmark civil rights case Murray v. Pearson in 1935.
Early life and education
Murray was born on May 24, 1914 in Philadelphia, the son of George Lee Murray and Cecilia Lillian Gaines Murray. He graduated from Frederick Douglass High School in 1929. Murray then earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from Amherst College in 1934.
Murray v. Pearson
Murray sought admission to the University of Maryland School of Law on January 24, 1935, but his application was rejected on account of his race and his appeal to the Board of Regents of the university was unsuccessful. The case Murray v. Pearson was initiated by Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity as part of its widening social program; however, Murray was not a member of the fraternity. The fraternity hired Belford Lawson, but by the time the case reached court, Murray was represented by Charles Hamilton Houston and Thurgood Marshall of the Baltimore National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP). Marshall argued the organization's policy of racial segregation was unconstitutional and argued in principle that "since the State of Maryland had not provided a comparable law school for blacks that Murray should be allowed to attend the white university." and stated
The Judge issued a writ of mandamus ordering Raymond A. Pearson, president of the university, to admit Murray to the University of Maryland Law School. The ruling was appealed to Maryland's highest court, the Court of Appeals, which affirmed the lower courts' rulings on January 15, 1936.
Murray was admitted to the University of Maryland School of Law; however, he was not in a position to pay for tuition and books. Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity paid Murray's tuition and books from the time of his admittance to his graduation from law school.
Career
Murray went on to practice law in Baltimore with the firm of Douglass, Perkins and Murray. He was involved in a number of cases which led to the removal of the color barrier from the University of Maryland graduate schools.
Murray was a member of the Baltimore Urban League, American Civil Liberties Union and Kappa Alpha Psi fraternity. He retired around 1971 and died at the age of 72 while in Baltimore's Lutheran Hospital after a lengthy illness.
See also
Murray v. Pearson
Brown v. Board of Education
Footnotes
a. The Murray v. Pearson decision was never taken to the U.S. Supreme Court, and as such the ruling was not binding outside of Maryland until 1954, when the results of Brown v. Board of Education mandated desegregation across the United States.
Citations
1914 births
1986 deaths
Activists for African-American civil rights
NAACP activists
Amherst College alumni
The Lugano degli Angioli funicular () was a funicular railway and inclined lift in the city of Lugano in the Swiss canton of Ticino. It linked a lower terminus near the lakeside and the church of Santa Maria degli Angioli with an upper terminus adjacent to the Hotel Bristol. The upper station was on the third floor of a tower, linked with a footbridge to the hotel. The line had a single track and single car, which was balanced by a vertically operating counterweight in the tower.
The line opened in 1913. In 1973 it was gifted by its owner to the City of Lugano. The Hotel Bristol closed in 1981, and the funicular followed in 1986. The line remains in existence, in an abandoned state. In 2012 the line was listed as a cultural property of regional significance. In April 2018 the Lugano city authorities announced a competition, with a CHF36,000 prize, for the best idea for a future for the funicular. In September of the same year, the same authorities requested a loan of CHF325,000 for a study into the future of the funicular and how it could form part of a wider plan for improved access to the lake. It is estimated that restoration as a static monument would cost CHF2.6 million, and a return to operation would cost CHF5.5 million.
When in operation, the line was in length and climbed a vertical distance of , with a maximum gradient of 44% and an average gradient of 38.7%. It was of gauge. The single car had 4 compartments and a maximum capacity of 26 passengers.
See also
List of funicular railways
List of funiculars in Switzerland
References
Closed railway lines in Switzerland
Funicular railways in Switzerland
Inclined elevators
Metre gauge railways in Switzerland
Railway lines closed in 1986
Railway lines opened in 1913
Transport in Lugano
The "Kamangiri art" or Kamangiri bhint chitro is a form of mural painting commissioned primarily in Kutch region of Indian state of Gujarat as well as some regions of Pakistan.
Origin
The Persian term Kaman stands for Bow and one theory of etymology refers to the earliest painters of the art belonging to a category of Bow makers who were primarily Muslims and had migrated to the Kutch region in 18th century, the period which is contemporaneous to the emergence of this art form. According to this theory, the Bow makers though Muslim were well aware of the Hindu as well as Jain tradition and were patronised by the local Bhatia and Jain community who assigned them the duty to perform the art for them.
However there are other tradition as well and according to one such tradition the word "Kamangiri" has roots in the word Kaam, in kutchi dialect which stands for work. This tradition describes the Kamangars as the class performing any kind of art work and most probably the painting. The class of painters initially remained Muslims by faith but later absorbed Hindu artists from 'Gujjar Sutar' and 'Rupgada Salat' communities as well. The Kamangars are said to be proficient in the architectural works apart from their proficiency in Bow making and Shield making. The work of the Kamangars influenced other communities in the region as well. Some of these include the "Soni" community, who worked on gold and silver and were associated with making of ornaments while the other being " Mochi" community of the leather workers, and ivory carvers.
There were two kinds of Kamangars. One worked with the masons to paint on the walls while the another category of Kamangars produced scrolls and painting on paper for the ruling class. Apart from Jain and Bhatias of Gujarat the other communities who patronised them were Jadeja Rajputs and "Mistry" community. The Kamangars despite their artistic excellence, were not given proper importance in the society and once the contract was over they resorted to the traditional works like "toy making".
Features
The most common theme of painting remained religious motifs based primarily upon the folk tales of Ramayana and Life of Krishna. But, the themes varied according to the period, place as well as choice of the patron. The Kamangiri art work is though found across various region of Kutch but the notable ones are at Anjar, Mundra, Bharpar, Tera, Lala, Faradi, Bibber and Varapadhhar. Some of these sites were damaged due to the 2001 earthquake, resulting in the loss of many of these paintings. The painting of inner and outer wall was the most recurrent theme of the art though later the figures like those of British soldiers with their Dogs and of Aeroplanes, Railway engines, domestic animals and events from Jain mythology were also painted.
One of the notable painting still preserved today is of the house of Captain MacMurdo at "Anjar", which depicts the royal procession, Hindu god and goddesses and flora and fauna in the Kutchi background. At Hajapar village in Kutchh the train is painted with a railway station in the background while at Tera, a small principality in kutchh have the four walls of a bedroom on the upper floor of castle decorated with the themes of epic Ramayana.In India no other place has the depiction of complete story of Ramayana at a single place in such a continuous manner.
The Ram Mandir at Bibber village features the combination of the style of Rajasthan and Gujarat. The places like Deshalpar village near Mundra has the paintings depicting "Rasa mandala", a circle dance performed mainly by the worshippers of Krishna.The Kamangars were illiterate but they showed the extent of their knowledge at the palace of "Kalubhai Waghela" in Muntra town where the depiction of royal procession, European Captain, the scene of "Gopi Vastra Haran" from Bhagavata Purana and Ramayana are found.
Kamangars have also painted on paper, wood, glass and hide. The famous scrolls from Aina Mahal and Kachchh Museum at Bhuj are painted by the Kamangars. One of the Scroll depicts the Tajia procession which is taken out during Muharram while another one depicts the process carried out during Nag Panchami, to commemorate the victory of Kachh army over Gujarat army.
Decline
The Kamangiri art was popular till 20th century but after the great depression, the patrons moved out of the Kutch and the houses were locked down turning the Kamangirs to other means of livelihood.Another fatal blow to the art was 2001 earthquake, which devastated some of the notable works.Now, only three places in Gujarat have well preserved Kamangiri murals.These are "Tera fort", MacMurdo bungalow at Anjar and the house of Kalubhai Waghela in "Mundra".
See also
Madhubani Painting
Warli Painting
References
Indian painting
Schools of Indian painting
Culture of Kutch
is a song by Japanese rock band Asian Kung-Fu Generation. It was released as the first single of their major-label debut album, Kimi Tsunagi Five M, on August 6, 2003. In 2020, this song was used for promotional anime video for horse race event, 65th Arima Kinen, with original characters then became anime Fanfare of Adolescence. The song's b-side, "Entrance," was later included on the band's 2006 compilation, Feedback File.
Music video
The music video for "Mirai no Kakera" was directed by Suguru Takeuchi. The PV features the band performing the song in a pitch-black environment. As they play, a mysterious woman wearing a hideously cartoonish, cardboard mask resembling Gotoh's face dances to the song.
Track listing
Personnel
Masafumi Gotoh – lead vocals, rhythm guitar
Kensuke Kita – lead guitar, background vocals
Takahiro Yamada – bass, background vocals
Kiyoshi Ijichi – drums
Asian Kung-Fu Generation – producer
Yusuke Nakamura – single cover art
Charts
References
Asian Kung-Fu Generation songs
2003 debut singles
Songs written by Masafumi Gotoh
2003 songs
Ki/oon Music singles
The Ruth Stone House is a historic house at 788 Hathaway Road in Goshen, Vermont. This 19th-century farmhouse was for many years the home of poet Ruth Stone (1915-2011). Since her death, the property has been taken over by the Ruth Stone Foundation, established in 2013 to manage her legacy. The organization's intent is to establish the house as a writer's retreat. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2016.
Description and history
The Ruth Stone property straddles Hathaway Road, a gravel road in the rural mountain community of Goshen, Vermont. The property is about in size, and includes the Stone residence and two smaller guest residences. The main house, a vernacular farmhouse built about 1830, is located on the south side of Hathaway Road, with the informally marked grave of Ruth Stone nearby to the southwest. Across Hathaway Road are two other buildings: the "Little House", apparently an early 19th-century barn converted into residential use, and the "Chapel", a 20th-century vernacular structure built using salvage materials by Stone's family and friends as a studio and retreat.
The property was the principal residence of poet Ruth Stone from 1956 until her death in 2011. Stone's work went largely unrecognized until late in her life, when she won two National Book Awards, Guggenheim Fellowships, and was Vermont's poet laureate 2007–11. It was here that she wrote much of her poetry, and worked with budding writers and poets. Of Vermont's well-known poets, it is distinctive as a singular place associated with her life and work.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Addison County, Vermont
References
External links
Ruth Stone Foundation
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Vermont
National Register of Historic Places in Addison County, Vermont
Houses in Addison County, Vermont
Buildings and structures in Goshen, Vermont
The black-hooded sierra finch (Phrygilus atriceps) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.
It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, Chile, and Peru. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.
References
black-hooded sierra finch
Birds of the Puna grassland
black-hooded sierra finch
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 1936 William & Mary Indians football team represented The College of William & Mary during the 1936 college football season.
Schedule
References
William and Mary
William & Mary Tribe football seasons
William
This is a list of villages in Hajipur block, Vaishali district, Bihar state, India.
See also
List of villages in Vaishali district
References
Lists of villages in Vaishali district
Hajipur
Hajipur
Qebchaq or Qebchak () may refer to:
Qebchaq, Alborz
Qebchaq, East Azerbaijan
Qebchaq, Tehran
See also
Qepchaq (disambiguation)
This is a list of electricity-generating power stations in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania, sorted by type and name. In 2019, Pennsylvania had a total summer capacity of 47,812 MW through all of its power plants, and a net generation of 228,995 GWh. The corresponding electrical energy generation mix was 42.9% natural gas, 36.3% nuclear, 16.5% coal, 1.5% hydroelectric, 1.4% wind, 0.9% biomass, 0.4% non-biogenic waste, and 0.1% petroleum. Small-scale solar, which includes customer-owned photovoltaic panels, delivered an additional net 492 GWh of energy to the state's electrical grid. This was more than five times greater than the 83 GWh (0.04%) of generation by Pennsylvania's utility-scale photovoltaic plants.
The generating mix in Pennsylvania has been shifting from coal to gas, as in other U.S. states. Extraction of the state's fossil-fuel resources for domestic and foreign export sale ranked among the highest in the nation during 2019.
Nuclear power stations
Source: U.S. Energy Information Administration (MW Totals as of August 2014)
Fossil-fuel power stations
Data from the U.S. Energy Information Administration serves as a general reference.
Coal
Natural gas
The Clairton, Erie, and Mon Valley facilities burn other hydrocarbon gases released during processing of coal to produce coke.
Petroleum
Renewable power stations
Data from the U.S. Energy Information Administration serves as a general reference.
Biomass and Municipal Waste
Hydroelectric
Solar
Wind
Storage power stations
Data from the U.S. Energy Information Administration serves as a general reference.
Battery
Flywheel
Pumped Storage
Former power stations
See also
List of power stations in the United States
References
Pennsylvania
Geographic coordinate lists
Lists of buildings and structures in Pennsylvania
Energy infrastructure in Pennsylvania
Incoming is the debut album by the British synthpop band Blue October.
Track listing
Intro
Where I Stand
When You leave
Over
Safe
Force
Believe
Incoming
Now Is the Day
True to Me
Slowburn
Personnel
Barney Miller: Vocals
Glen Wisbey: Keyboards & Programming
Matthew Davies: Guitars
Emma Spiers: Backing Vocals on Safe
Details
All songs by Glen Wisbey & Barney Miller
1998 debut albums
Blue October (British band) albums
Thaumatovalva is a genus of moths belonging to the family Tortricidae. The genus was erected by Alicia E. Timm and John Wesley Brown in 2014.
Species
Thaumatovalva albolineana Timm & Brown, 2014
Thaumatovalva deprinsorum Timm & Brown, 2014
Thaumatovalva limbata (Diakonoff, 1969)
Thaumatovalva spinai (Razowski & Trematerra, 2010)
Etymology
The genus name is derived from Latin thaumato (meaning miracle, wonder) and the morphological term valva.
See also
List of Tortricidae genera
References
; 2014: A new genus of Grapholitini from Africa related to Thaumatotibia (Lepidoptera, Tortricidae). ZooKeys, 438: 113-128.
Grapholitini
Phanom Thuan (, ) is a district (amphoe) in the eastern part of Kanchanaburi province, western central Thailand.
History
The area of Phanom Thuan was occupied in prehistoric times. At the archaeological site of Ban Don Ta Phet many artifacts were found in a 4th century cemetery, which indicated trade relations with India, Vietnam, and the Philippines.
At the Don Chedi archaeological site an excavation by the Fine Arts Department in 1982 recovered many human skeletons as well as elephant bones and swords. Thus this site might even have been the location of the famous battle of King Naresuan against the Burmese crown-prince, most commonly assigned to the Don Chedi district nearby.
Phanom Thuan district was one of the first three districts of Kanchanaburi Province. It was at first named Nuea ('northern') district as it covered the northern part of the province. When in 1831 King Rama III relocated the center of Kanchanaburi and readjusted its extent, Nuea district was renamed to Ban Thuan, covering the mountainous areas and the northward flowing river. In 1939 the district name was changed to Phanom Thuan.
The name "Phanom Thuan" comes from a local waterway Khlong Thuan or Maenam Thuan, a minor branch of Mae Klong River which separated itself from the Mae Klong at Tha Muang district in the area of Mae Klong Dam then flows upstream (hence the name "Phanom Thuan", which means "upstream water course") up till it finally confluence with Khlong Chorakhe Sam Phan, a branch of Tha Chin River.
Geography
Neighbouring districts are (from the south clockwise) Tha Maka, Tha Muang, Bo Phloi, Huai Krachao of Kanchanaburi Province, U Thong and Song Phi Nong of Suphanburi province.
Administration
The district is divided into eight sub-districts (tambons), which are further subdivided into 103 villages (mubans). There are four sub-district municipalities (thesaban tambon) within the district. Phanom Thuan covers the central part of the sub-district Phanom Tuan, Talat Khet the part central of Rang Wai. The municipality Rang Wai covers the remaining parts of the sub-district, and Nong Sarai the whole of the same-named tambon. There are a further six tambon administrative organizations (TAO).
Missing numbers now form Huai Krachao District.
References
External links
amphoe.com
Phanom Thuan
The thick-billed seed finch (Sporophila funerea) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae, but was until recently placed in Emberizidae. It is found widely in shrubby and grassy areas from southern Mexico, through Central America, to the Chocó in Colombia and Ecuador. It is replaced by the closely related chestnut-bellied seed finch in South America east of the Andes, as well as the valleys of Cauca and Magdalena in Colombia. The two have often been considered conspecific as the lesser seed-finch (Oryzoborus angolensis).
The male is almost entirely black, with a small white wing patch. The female is a rich brown all over. They are both very similar to the all-black Caribbean slope form of the variable seedeater. It is distinguished, however, by a larger bill with a straight culmen. They measure long and weigh .
References
External links
Sporophila
Birds of Mexico
Birds of Belize
Birds of Guatemala
Birds of Honduras
Birds of Nicaragua
Birds of Costa Rica
Birds of Panama
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Ecuador
thick-billed seed finch
thick-billed seed finch
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
WDVB-CD (channel 23) is a low-power, Class A TBN Inspire owned-and-operated television station licensed to Edison, New Jersey, United States, and serving the New York City television market. Owned by the Tustin, California–based Trinity Broadcasting Network, it is sister to Jersey City, New Jersey–licensed TBN owned-and-operated station WTBY-TV (channel 54). The two stations share studios on East 15th Street in the Union Square neighborhood in Manhattan and transmitter facilities atop the Empire State Building.
Development
This station signed on over UHF channel 36 with the alphanumeric call sign W36AS in March 1991. The station aired Asian independent programming. In 2004, it became an affiliate of ImaginAsian and dropped the independent format. On January 4, 2005, the station vacated channel 36 to avoid causing interference to full-power WNJU Linden, which was assigned channel 36 for its DTV operations. The station moved to channel 39, and was assigned alphanumeric call sign W39CQ. The station requested and was granted Class A status. On February 16, 2005, the call sign was changed to WDVB-CA. In early 2010, ImaginAsian was dropped. With no programming immediately available to replace it, WDVB-CA was only airing a color bars test pattern.
In March 2013, WDVB's class A status was transferred from an analog station to a digital station (which became WDVB-CD), and the analog license was turned in; the analog signal had left the air for technical reasons on February 9. Shortly afterward, Edison Broadcasting filed to sell the station to LocusPoint Networks. The sale closed on August 19, 2013. In 2017, TBN O&O WTBY-TV began channel sharing with WDVB-CD. In 2018, LocusPoint Networks sold WDVB-CD to TBN, creating a duopoly with WTBY-TV.
Subchannels
The station's digital signal is multiplexed:
References
External links
fccinfo.com Information on former WDVB-CA
DVB-CD
DVB-CD
Television channels and stations established in 1999
1999 establishments in New Jersey
Low-power television stations in the United States
The Kentucky Wildcats softball team represents the University of Kentucky in the sport of softball. The Kentucky Wildcats compete in Division I of the National Collegiate Athletics Association (NCAA) and the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The Wildcats play their home games at John Cropp Stadium on the university's Lexington, Kentucky campus, and are currently led by head coach Rachel Lawson. In the history of the Wildcats softball program, the team has made appearances in twelve NCAA Division I Softball Championship, eight Super Regionals, and one Women's College World Series (WCWS).
Head coaches
History
The University of Kentucky softball team had their inaugural season in 1997.
University of Kentucky Athletic Director Mitch Barnhart hired Rachel Lawson in July 2007. Since her hire, Lawson has guided UK to eight NCAA Super Regionals including an appearance in the 2014 College World Series, the program's first.
In her fourteen seasons at Kentucky, Lawson has an overall win–loss record of 495-297, making her the winningest head coach in school history and already has more wins in SEC play than UK had total as a program when she took over in 2008. UK also finished 2016 in the top 14 of both collegiate softball rankings for the third time in school history with eleven wins over ranked teams.
Another accomplishment since Lawson's hire in 2008 is the construction of John Cropp Stadium. The facility cost $9.5 million, and debuted for the 2013 season. UK hosted the 2013 SEC Tournament as well as an NCAA regional, another first for the program. Since 2013, UK has hosted an NCAA regional in 2013, 2014, 2016–2019, and 2021.
Year-by-year results
All-Americans
Other Awards
References
External links
Official Website
Sport clubs established in 1997
1997 establishments in Kentucky
This is an incomplete list of castles and fortresses in Finland.
Castles
Castles
Finland
The Playboys are a 1992 Irish film directed by Gillies MacKinnon and starring Albert Finney, Aidan Quinn and Robin Wright. The plot follows an unwed young mother whose life is transformed with the arrival of a travelling troupe of actors to her Irish village. The script was written by Shane Connaughton, an Oscar nominee for My Left Foot. The film was shot in his native village Redhills, in County Cavan, Ireland.
Plot
In a small Irish village in 1957, Tara Maguire, a young resolute woman, is the talk of the town because she is having a baby out of wedlock, and refuses to name the father. During Sunday mass she goes into labour giving birth to a baby boy. Sergeant Brendan Hegarty, the local police officer of the Garda Síochána, and Mick, a local landowner, vie for Tara's hand in marriage, but she refuses them both.
Mick loses his cattle and facing financial ruin commits suicide. People in town blame his death on Tara's rejection. The local priest, Father Malone, attempts to compel Tara to marry the constable before another tragedy takes place. But Tara is not in love with the solemn and older Sgt. Hegarty, a reformed alcoholic, who hides the fury of his unrequited love for Tara in his devotion for her. He carves a cradle for the baby, but Tara vehemently refuses the gift and his attentions.
The beautiful and strong willed Tara lives with her sister Brigid and is determined to make it on her own. She supplements her income as a dressmaker, raising chickens in her garden and smuggling goods from the nearby border with Northern Ireland. However even in this she has to face Hegarty who discovers her secret illegal dealings while riding his bicycle at night looking for smugglers on the roads.
The arrival of a shabby troupe of travelling actors called the "Playboys", stirs the town. Tara surprises Tom, one of the actors, stealing one of her chickens. He has to pay for it, but he is smitten with her beauty and her character. They flirt and spar around the village, all under the resentful eye of the constable. The Playboys are a success in the sleepy village and the tent is full when the show starts at night. One of their numbers with female dancers lifting their skirts causes a furious response from Father Malone, who has another opinion of what is wholesome entertainment. The actors are forced to switch to staging Othello. A blind woman gets so excited during a show that she suddenly regains her vision. Not only do the group of actors has to deal with discord when the time to share the dividends comes, but the recent arrival of television threatens the survival of their art.
The romance between Tara and Tom grows slowly over the few days the theatrical company is in the village. Her past has made her suspicious of men, and Hegarty's intrusions provide an added obstacle. He tells her that Tom is a liar who already has a wife, which turn out not to be true. Hegarty confronts Tom and tells him that he is the father of the baby, but Tara assures him that not only she does not have any feelings for the constable but that the baby was conceived on a lonely night without deep feeling involved on her part.
One of the actors is involved with the IRA and has smuggled some explosives. When the explosives are accidentally discovered by Hegarty he blames his rival. Tom is framed as an IRA man, but he breaks out of jail with Tara's help. When Gone With the Wind plays at the local cinema, the actors stage an instant, improvised knock-off of it, with Atlanta burning while Tom struggles with his lines in the role of Rhett Butler. Comically, Fred has to take the role of Mammy. During the show the triangle between Tara, Tom and Sergeant Hegarty comes to a boiling point. The performance is interrupted by the frantic Brigid. Hegarty, drunk, has taken the baby. He comes to the tent, drunk, but gives the baby back to Tara. There is a confrontation between Tom and the Sergeant, but the Sergeant painfully loses in a public fist fight with Tom. Even after this defeat, he trashes the tent. The next day the time for the playboys to leave has come. Hegarty, now jobless and in civilian clothes, also leaves the town for good. Tom is happily surprised when Tara decides to join the group with her baby and share a life together, perhaps in the end to take on a new life with Tom in America.
Cast
Albert Finney – Sergeant Hegarty
Aidan Quinn – Tom
Robin Wright – Tara
Milo O'Shea – Freddie
Alan Devlin – Father Malone
Niamh Cusack – Brigid
Ian McElhinney – Joe Cassidy
Stella McCusker – Rachel
Niall Buggy – Denzil
Anna Livia Ryan – Vonnie
Adrian Dunbar – Mick
Reception
The Playboys received positive reviews from critics. It holds a rating of 92% on Rotten Tomatoes from 24 reviews.
DVD release
The film was released on DVD in the United States on 10 April 2004.
Notes
External links
Irish drama films
1992 films
Films shot in the Republic of Ireland
Films set in Ireland
1992 drama films
The Samuel Goldwyn Company films
Films directed by Gillies MacKinnon
1992 directorial debut films
1990s English-language films
Mariano Contreras (July 12, 1910 – December 12, 1978), better known by his stage name Pugo, was a Filipino actor, comedian, vaudevillian, and film director, famous as one half of the comedy team Pugo and Tugo during the 1930s up to 1950s. He has sometimes been credited as Mang Nano and was known as the original King of Philippine Comedy.
As an actor, Contreras has performed in movies such as Nukso ng Nukso, released in 1960, 2 Sundalong Kanin (1952), and Kambal Tuko (1952), in which he portrayed Momoy. Pugo was also a film director and has worked on Kababalaghan o Kabulastugan?, released in 1960.
After Tugo's death in 1952, Contreras teamed up with Bentot in movies, radio and television. His popular TV shows were Tangtarangtang, Si Tatang Kasi and Wanted Boarders.
Death
Pugo died on December 12, 1978 in Manila, Philippines at the age of 68 years old.
Legacy
Pugo & his fellow on screen comedian partner Togo were both posthumously featured on the YouTube channel Graveyard Pinoy TV, a Filipino inspired version of Graveyard Hollywood TV of California was launched in 2020.
Filmography
Dash a Lotsa Nonsents! Tang Tarang Tang II (1978)
Kaming Matatapang ang Apog (1976) as Prof. Bokalini
Yolindina (1975)
Son of Fung Ku (1975)
O...Anong Sarap! (Isa Pa Nga) (1975)
Drakula Goes to R.P. (1973)
Blood Compact (1972)
Si Inday sa Balitaw (1970)
Pitong James Bonds (1966)
Miting de Avance (1963)
Pitong Pasiklab sa Pulitika (1963)
Ang Tatay Kong Kalbo (1963)
Pitong Pasiklab sa Bahay Na Tisa (1963)
Pitong Pasiklab sa PC (1962)
Anting-Anting Daw (1962)
Tang-Tarang-Tang (1962)
Pitong Pasiklab (1962) as Asintado
Puro Labis Puro Kulang (1962)
Lalaban Kami (1961)
Baby Damulag (1961)
Triplets (1961)
Oh Sendang (1961)
Prinsipe Diomedes at ang Mahiwagang Gitara (1961)
Tres Mosqueteros (1960)
Nukso nang Nukso (1960)
Yantok Mindoro (1960)
Manananggal vs. Mangkukulam (1960)
Puro Utos, Puro Utos (1959)
Combo Festival (1958)
Casa Grande (1958)
Hiwaga ng Pag-Ibig (1958)
Mr. Kuripot (1958)
Tuloy ang Ligaya [Happiness Must Go On] (1958)
Sebya, Mahal Kita (1957)
Si Meyor Naman (1957)
Golpe de Gulat (1954)
Ganyan Lang ang Buhay (1953)
Tumbalik na Daigdig (1953)
Kambal Tuko (1952) as Momoy
2 Sundalong Kanin (1952)
Dalawang Prinsipeng Kambal (1951)
Pulo ng Engkantada (1951)
Doctor X (1950)
Edong Mapangarap (1950)
Nagsaulian ng Kandila (1950)
Bulakenyo (1949)
Ang Kandidato (1949)
Biglang Yaman (1949) as Mariano
Tambol Mayor (1949)
Sorry Na Lang (1947)
Multo ni Yamashita (1947)
Noong Bata Pa si Sabel [When Sabel Was Young] (1947)
Ang Estudyante (1947)
Daily Doble (1947)
Tomadachi "Zona" (1946)
Awit ni Palaris (1946)
Barong-Barong (1946)
Death March (1946)
Hanggang Pier (1946)
Ikaw Na! (1946)
Binibini ng Palengke (1941)
Binibiro Lamang Kita (1941)
Serenata sa Nayon (1941)
Alitaptap (1940)
Cadena de Amor (1940)
Dugo ng Alipin (1940)
Lihim ng Lumang Simbahan (1940)
Patawad (1940)
Azucena (1939)
Kuwintas Na Ginto (1939)
Ako'y Maghihintay (1938)
Arimunding-Munding (1938)
References
External links
1910 births
1978 deaths
20th-century comedians
20th-century Filipino male actors
Burials at the Manila Memorial Park – Sucat
Filipino male comedians
Filipino male film actors
Filipino male silent film actors
Filipino male stage actors
Silent film comedians
Vaudeville performers
Luis Otero may refer to:
Luis Otero Mujica (1879–1940), general and Commander-in-chief of the Chilean Army
Luis Otero (footballer) (1893–1955), Spanish footballer
Luis Otero (actor), an Argentine actor
The Dresden Codex is a Maya book, which was believed to be the oldest surviving book written in the Americas, dating to the 11th or 12th century. However, in September 2018 it was proven that the Maya Codex of Mexico, previously known as the Grolier Codex, is, in fact, older by about a century. The codex was rediscovered in the city of Dresden, Germany, hence the book's present name. It is located in the museum of the Saxon State Library. The codex contains information relating to astronomical and astrological tables, religious references, seasons of the earth, and illness and medicine. It also includes information about conjunctions of planets and moons.
The book suffered serious water damage during World War II. The pages are made of amate, high, and can be folded accordion-style; when unfolded the codex is long. It is written in Mayan hieroglyphs and refers to an original text of some three or four hundred years earlier, describing local history and astronomical tables. Like all other pre-Hispanic books from Mesoamerica, the Dresden Codex takes the form of a screenfold. The pages consist of a paper made from the pounded inner bark of a wild species of Ficus (hu'un in Maya—a word that became semantically equivalent to “book”).
Description
The Dresden Codex contains 78 pages with decorative board covers on the front and back. Most pages have writing on both sides. They have a border of red paint, although many have lost this framing due to age deterioration. The pages are generally divided into three sections; students of the codex have arbitrarily labeled these sections a, b, and c. Some pages have just two horizontal sections, while one has four and another five sections. The individual sections with their own theme are generally separated by a red vertical line. Sections are generally divided into two to four columns.
The Dresden Codex is one of four hieroglyphic Maya codices that survived the Spanish Inquisition in the New World. Three, the Dresden, Madrid, and Paris codices, are named after the city where they were ultimately rediscovered. The fourth is the Grolier Codex, located at the Grolier Club in New York City. The Dresden Codex is held by the Saxon State and University Library Dresden (SLUB Dresden, Saxon State Library) in Dresden, Germany. The Maya codices all have about the same size pages, with a height of about and a width of .
The pictures and glyphs were painted by skilled craftsmen using thin brushes and vegetable dyes. Black and red were the main colors used for many of the pages. Some pages have detailed backgrounds in shades of yellow, green, and the Mayan blue. The codex was written by eight different scribes, who all had their own writing style, glyph designs, and subject matter.
History
The Dresden Codex is described by historian J. Eric S. Thompson as writings of the indigenous people of the Yucatán Peninsula in southeastern Mexico. Maya historians Peter J. Schmidt, Mercedes de la Garza, and Enrique Nalda confirm this. Thompson further narrows the probable origin of the Dresden Codex to the area of Chichen Itza, because certain picture symbols in the codex are only found on monuments in that location. He also argues that the astronomical tables would support this as the place of origin. Thompson claims that the people of the Yucatán Peninsula were known to have done such studies around 1200 A.D. Thompson also notes the similar ceramic designs in the Chichen Itza area which are known to have ceased in the early thirteenth century. British historian Clive Ruggles suggests, based on the analyses of several scholars, that the Dresden Codex is a copy and was originally written between the twelfth and fourteenth centuries. Thompson narrows the date closer to 1200 to 1250. Maya archaeologist Linton Satterthwaite puts the date when it was made as no later than 1345.
Johann Christian Götze (1692–1749), German theologian and director of the Royal Library at Dresden, purchased the codex from a private owner in Vienna in 1739 while traveling to Italy. Thompson speculates that the codex was sent as a tribute to Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor by Hernán Cortés, governor of Mexico, since examples of local writings and other Maya items were sent to the king in 1519 when he was living in Vienna.
Alexander von Humboldt published pages 47, 48 and 50–52 from the Dresden Codex in his 1810 atlas Vues des Cordillères et Monuments des Peuples Indigènes de l'Amérique, the first reproduction of any of its pages. The first copy of the codex was published by Lord Kingsborough in his 1831 Antiquities of Mexico. In 1828 Constantine Samuel Rafinesque had identified this book as being of Maya origin based on its glyphs looking like those found at Palenque. Historian Cyrus Thomas made a connection between the codex and the 260 year cycle ("Ahau Katun") of the Maya calendar and the 365 days in a year. Ruggles shows that in the codex the Maya related their 260-day calendar to celestial bodies, especially Venus and Mars.
The codex has played a key role in the deciphering of Mayan hieroglyphs. Dresden librarian Ernst Wilhelm Förstemann published the first complete facsimile in 1880. He deciphered the calendar section of the codex, including the Maya numerals used therein. Förstemann determined that these numbers, along with deities and day names, related to the Mayan calendar and the Mayan Long Count calendar. In the 1950s Yuri Knorozov used a phonetic approach based on the De Landa alphabet for decoding the codex, which was followed up in the 1980s by other scholars that did additional deciphering based on this concept.
Paul Schellhas in 1897 and 1904 assigned letters to gods for specific glyphs since they had several possible names. For example God D could be Hunab Ku Itzam Na among several other names and God A could be Cizin (god of death) among others. The Schellhas system of assigning letters for the gods represented by certain glyphs as a noncommittal system was adopted by later researchers of Maya codices.
The Dresden Codex contains accurate astronomical tables, which are recognized by students of the codex for its detailed Venus tables and lunar tables. The lunar series has intervals correlating with eclipses, while the Venus tables correlate with the movements of the planet Venus. The codex also contains astrological tables and ritual schedules. The religious references show in a cycle of a 260-day ritual calendar the important Maya royal events. The codex also includes information on the Maya new-year ceremony tradition. The rain god Chaac is represented 134 times.
Image
Deterioration and pagination
Italian artist and engraver Agostino Aglio, starting in 1826, became the first to transcribe and illustrate the codex completely for Lord Kingsborough, who published it in his nine volumes of Antiquities of Mexico in 1831–1848. The codex then had some damage due to handling, sunlight, and moisture. It received direct water damage that was significantly destructive from being kept in a flooded basement during the bombing of Dresden in World War II. German historian G. Zimmerman noted that the damage was extreme on pages 2, 4, 24, 28, 34, 38, 71 and 72. Certain details of the glyph images have been lost because of this. This shows when the current codex is compared to the Kingsborough copies of 1831-1848 and the Förstemann facsimile editions of 1880 and 1892.
Today's page numbers were assigned to the codex by Agostino Aglio when he became the first to transcribe the manuscript in 1825/26. For this, he divided the original codex into two parts, labeled Codex A and Codex B. He sequenced Codex A on the front side followed by its back side, with the same order on Codex B. Today, historians such as Helmut Deckert and Ferdinand Anders understand that a codex reading should traverse the complete front side followed by the complete back side of the manuscript, i.e., pages 1–24 followed by 46-74 and 25-45. The librarian K. C. Falkenstein adjusted the relative position of pages for “esthetical reasons” in 1836, resulting in today's two similar length parts. While deciphering the codex, the librarian E. W. Förstemann noticed an error in Aglio's page assignment of the sheets 1/45 and 2/44, so he correctly reassigned Aglio's pages 44 and 45 to become pages 1 and 2. The reversal of the sheets 6/40, 7/39 and 8/38 is due to an error when the sheets were returned to their protective glass cabinet after drying from the water damage due to the bombing of Dresden in 1945.
See also
Aztec codices
Popol Vuh
References
Bibliography
Grube, Nikolai K. "Dresden, Codex." In David Carraco (ed). The Oxford Encyclopedia of Mesoamerican Cultures. : Oxford University Press, 2001.
Further reading
Bricker, V.R. (2007). Literary continuities across the transformation from Maya hieroglyphic to alphabetical writing. Proceedings of the American Philosophical Society, 151(1), 27-42.
Houston, Stephen D. (2001) - The Decipherment of Ancient Maya Writing, University of Oklahoma Press,
Schellhas, Paul. Die Göttergestalten der Maya-Handschriften: Ein mythologisches Kulturbild aus dem Alten Amerika. Dresden, 1897.
Van Stone, Mark (2008). "It's Not the End of the World: What the Ancient Maya Tell Us About 2012." Located online at the Foundation for the Advancement of Mesoamerican Studies website.
Villacorta C., Juan Antonio, and Carlos A. Villacorta. Códices Mayas. Reproducidos y desarrollados por J. Antonio Villacorta C. y Carlos A. Villacorta. Guatemala City, 1930. Reproduction of the three then-known codices in black-and-white line drawings.
Facsimile: Codex Dresdensis, Akademische Druck- u. Verlagsanstalt (ADEVA) Graz 1975, Colour facsimile edition of the Maya-MS in possession of Sächsische Landesbibliothek, Dresden. 78 pp. (74 with inscriptions), size: 205 x 90 mm, total length 3,56 m, in leporello folding. Encased in box with leather spine. Commentary: With contributions by F. Anders and H. Deckert; 93 pp. introduction, 39 pp. with black-and-white reproduction of the codex, 10 colour plates. CODICES SELECTI, Vol. LIV
External links
The complete codex (high resolution PDF)
Facsimiles of the codex at the Foundation for the Advancement of Mesoamerican Studies, Inc., with PDF downloads
The Dresden Codex Lunar Series and Sidereal Astronomy
Dresden Library Information on the Codex
Dresden Library Scans High-resolution scans of the Dresden Codex (site in German, PDF link at right)
3D reconstruction and animation of the Codex Dresden in different conditions
Astrological texts
Astronomy books
Maya codices
Mayan literature
Culture in Dresden
The Great Central League was a short-lived baseball league of four teams that played baseball in the upper Midwest of the United States in . The league and four teams were owned by Minneapolis-based strip club owner, Dick Jacobson, who previously attempted to purchase the Rochester Aces of the Northern League.
In an effort to bring notoriety to the league, Jacobson signed Boston Red Sox Hall of Fame member George Scott as manager for the Minneapolis Millers. However his presence from the dugout did not help the team or league draw larger crowds to games. The league folded before holding a championship game because it was underfunded, use facilities ill-equipped for professional baseball, and was run by inexperienced management.
Teams
Champaign-Urbana Bandits
Lafayette Leopards (baseball)
Mason City Bats
Minneapolis Millers (Great Central League)
Standings
References
External links
Defunct minor baseball leagues in the United States
Defunct independent baseball leagues in the United States
Baseball leagues in Iowa
Baseball leagues in Illinois
Baseball leagues in Indiana
Baseball leagues in Minnesota
Anna Ptaszynski is a British podcaster, television host, and television writer. She is one of the four regular hosts of the podcast No Such Thing as a Fish, together with Dan Schreiber, Andrew Hunter Murray, and James Harkin. She was also a presenter of the BBC Two television show No Such Thing as the News, and she is a researcher and writer for the television show QI.
Early life and education
Ptaszynski is the oldest of four children. Her parents are Judith Terry and theatre impresario Andre Ptaszynski, who was Chief Executive of Andrew Lloyd Webber's Really Useful Group.
Career
Before working at QI and No Such Thing as a Fish, Ptaszynski worked in Scottish politics, Australian advertising, selling fruit wine, and hay-baling. Ptaszynski is a researcher, writer, and script-editor for the BBC quiz show QI.
Ptaszynski has been one of the four regular hosts of the podcast No Such Thing as a Fish since it was launched as a spinoff of the BBC quiz show QI in March 2014. Five years later, at the end of 2019, episodes of No Such Thing as a Fish had been downloaded over 250 million times, with 1.5 million listeners every week. Ptaszynski has gone on several national and international tours to record live tapings of No Such Thing as a Fish.
Ptaszynski was a co-author of three books published by the podcast's co-hosts: The Book of the Year 2019, The Book of the Year 2018, and The Book of the Year 2017. Along with the other main hosts of No Such Thing as a Fish, Ptaszynski hosted No Such Thing as the News, a BBC Two television programs based on the podcast.
Facts shared by Ptaszynski on No Such Thing as a Fish have been cited in media outlets Daily Express, and she has published facts in The Telegraph. Ptaszynski has been noted for her dry humour on the podcast.
References
British podcasters
British women podcasters
British television writers
British women television writers
Living people
Date of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Alaska-Gastineau Mining Co. had its offices in 25 Broad St., New York City, New York. It was the operating company for the Alaska Gold Mines Co. in Alaska. It worked the Alaska-Gastineau Mine/Perseverance Mine in the Silver Bow Basin, approximately from Juneau and processed its ore at an old remodeled mill and crushing plant at Sheep Creek. The property of the Alaska Juneau Gold Mining Co. adjoined the Alaska Gastineau on the west.
History
Around 1900, Joseph Gilbert bought the Perseverance claims and, with the assistance of Col. W. J. Sutherland, formed the Alaska Perseverance Mining Co. Their mill began operations in 1907. In 1910, the Alaska Perseverance Mining Co. was reorganized under the name of the Alaska-Gastineau Mining Co. The company incorporated in New York in 1911. In 1912, the Alaska Gold Mines Co. was organized as a holding company to finance the Alaska-Gastineau Mining Co., and large scale development of the mine commenced in July, 1912.
The mill was constructed in Thane. It was designed by George Bradley, who also designed the Utah Copper Company mill. Robert Semple began excavating for the foundations in November, 1913. Construction was under the supervision of Daniel C. Jackling, the original company's managing director. After 1910, Bartlett L. Thane, the mining engineer who pioneered hydroelectric power in Juneau, Alaska, became managing director. Charles E. Bruff was superintendent of machinery installation, while Charles Hayden was the company President.
The average number of employees during 1913 was 900. It was announced on Nov. 21, 1914, that the first section of the company's reduction works would be in operation after January 1, 1915. The first unit started up on February 18, 1915. By June 30, 1915, 4000 tons of ore were being crushed daily. The Alaska Juneau Mining Company purchased all of the Alaska-Gastineau Mining Co. properties and assets in 1934.
Holdings
By 1915, the company's properties included a net area of 2,166 acres, consisting of 1,672 acres of lodes, 219 acres of placers and 275 acres of millsites and homesteads. The mining claims consisted primarily of four groups, formerly owned and operated independently of each other, locally known as the "Alaska Perseverance," "Ground Hog," "Silver Bow Basin," and "Sheep Creek" groups. They covered a lode system in excess of 2 miles. The company also owned the 310-acre mill site on the Gastineau Channel. In addition, the company owned and controlled lands, reservoir sites, power plant sites and rights-of-way on Salmon Creek, emptying into Gastineau Channel; also on Annex Creek and Carlson Creek, emptying into the Taku Inlet; and on Granite Creek, Gold Creek and Lurvey Creek.
Operations
With the exception of the coarse-crushing plant, the four sections of the mill were housed in one large building. The mill was built of concrete and structural steel. The coarse-crushing plant was situated on the mountainside at the terminus of the railroad at an altitude of above sea level. The fine-crushing plant was housed in the same building as the concentrating mill. The lowest floor of the concentrating mills was above sea level, affording ample grade for the disposal of the tailing, which was carried into the Gastineau Channel.
About 6,000 horsepower of electricity was required to operate the mines and mills. The big Salmon Creek power stations, owned by the company and erected at the same time as the mine and mill development, furnished the power. There were two stations, one at sea level near the mouth of the stream, and the other at the upper end of the first basin at an altitude of immediately below the falls. A concrete dam held in storage of water as reserve to keep the Pelton wheels moving during the winter months.
The Post office was situated in the company's general store. A school was established in a building provided by the company. Private businesses were conducted nearby by consent of the company, including a steam laundry. Liquor was not sold on the premises, but it could be obtained in Douglas or Juneau.
Major projects
While under Thane's management, the company conceived of and constructed the Salmon Creek Dam and hydroelectric facilities (completed in 1912), and also the Annex Creek plant (completed in 1916), both designed by Harry L. Wallenberg, chief engineer. Salmon Creek Dam, the first thin arch dam ever constructed, was built by Thane with the assistance of some of his former football teammates.
References
Archives
Alaska Gastineau Mining Company Annual Reports. 1916-1920. 0.58 cubic feet.
Edwin Gardner Ames Papers. 1856-1931. Approximately 70 cubic feet. At the Labor Archives of Washington, University of Washington Libraries Special Collections.
Asahel Curtis photographs. 1874-1941. 5.46 cubic feet (13 boxes), 1,678 photographic prints.
Gold mining in Alaska
Defunct companies based in New York City
Non-renewable resource companies disestablished in 1934
Non-renewable resource companies established in 1911
1911 establishments in New York (state)
1934 disestablishments in New York (state)
Defunct mining companies of the United States
American companies disestablished in 1934
American companies established in 1911
Pseudatteria dognini is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Ecuador.
The length of the forewings is about 14–15 mm. The forewings are orange, but yellowish white in the subcostal and apicoterminal areas. The markings are bluish black. The hindwings are orange with black, with rotundate (rounded) marginal spots.
References
Moths described in 1966
Pseudatteria
"Disney's Halloween Treat" is a 1982 Halloween-themed episode of Walt Disney which originally aired on October 30, 1982.
Plot
The episode is narrated by a jack-o'-lantern puppet (voiced by Hal Douglas) and features a compilation of Disney short cartoons involving spooky or supernatural themes as well as excerpted segments of various villains from Disney feature films. The opening and closing credits feature an orange colorized version of the 1929 Silly Symphony short The Skeleton Dance as well as its own title theme song, sung in the opening and closing credits. The lyrics were written by Galen R. Brandt with music by John Debney.
Alternate title
This special was also released under an alternative title, "Scary Tales of Halloween", and was also available in both syndicated and network versions.
Updated version
An updated version of this program, the Disney Channel exclusive, "A Disney Halloween" aired in 1983 which incorporated segments from both "Disney's Halloween Treat" and "Disney's Greatest Villains" (1977). "Disney's Halloween Treat" was rebroadcast throughout the 1980s up until the mid-1990s.
Featured segments
"Madam Mim" – The Sword in the Stone (1963)
"Night on Bald Mountain" sequence – Fantasia (1940)
Clip of Pluto's Sweater (1949)
Clip of Mickey's Parrot (1938)
Donald Duck and the Gorilla (1944) – Donald Duck and his nephews Huey, Dewey and Louie
"Pluto's Judgement" sequence featuring three Pluto cartoons assembled together:
Puss Cafe (1950)
Cat Nap Pluto (1948)
Pluto's Judgement Day (1935)
"Captain Hook" – Peter Pan (1953)
"Cruella de Vil" – One Hundred and One Dalmatians (1961)
"The Evil Queen" – Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs (1937)
"Si and Am" – Lady and the Tramp (1955)
"Ichabod Crane and Headless Horseman" – The Adventures of Ichabod and Mr. Toad (1949)
Home video release
"Disney's Halloween Treat" was released on VHS in 1984. As of today, it has not yet been released on DVD, Blu-ray or any streaming platform.
Credits
Disney's Sing-Along Songs Heigh-Ho clips courtesy of Walt Disney Home Video
This program is the results of the talents of many creative people at the Walt Disney Studios.
The contribution of the ANIMATION STAFF is particularly appreciated.
See also
"Our Unsung Villains" (1956)
"Disney's Greatest Villains" (1977)
"Halloween Hall o' Fame" (1977)
"A Disney Halloween" (1981)
"A Disney Halloween" (1983)
"Scary Tales" (1986, varies)
Mickey's House of Villains (2002)
Once Upon a Halloween (2005)
References
External links
1982 American television episodes
1982 television specials
1980s American television specials
Halloween television episodes
Halloween television specials
CBS television specials
Walt Disney anthology television series episodes
Taghring is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 2,318, 1,113 of them being male and 1,205 being female, living in 521 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Lamjung District
Populated places in Lamjung District
The Kuala Gandah Elephant Conservation Centre is an elephant sanctuary located in Temerloh in the state of Pahang, Malaysia. within the Krau Wildlife Reserve.
The Centre was established in 1989 by the Malaysian Department of Wildlife and National Parks, and forms a base for the Elephant Relocation Team, which since 1974 has been rescuing problem Asian elephants whose habitats are being lost to cultivation or development. and relocating them to suitable habitats such as Taman Negara. The Centre also aims to raise public awareness and support research, and has increasingly become a popular tourist attraction since its existence began to be publicised in 1997.
Visitors to the Centre are shown a video, then watch the elephants being washed and fed. This used to be followed by riding on an elephant but now, visitors are being given the chance to go into the river with two younger elephants. Daily visitor admissions are subject to strict quotas and advance booking is strongly recommended.
Since limited budget together with congestion is a growing concern in Elephant centre's management, generating more sustainable source of income has to be considered (e.g. entry fee).
Gallery
References
External links
Tourism Malaysia - Kuala Gandah Elephant Orphanage Sanctuary
Elephant sanctuaries
Wildlife sanctuaries of Malaysia
Tourist attractions in Pahang
Geography of Pahang
Phyllonorycter gemmea is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Massachusetts and Maine in the United States.
The wingspan is 7-7.5 mm.
The larvae feed on Robinia species, including Robinia pseudacacia. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a blotch mine on the upperside of the leaf.
References
gemmea
Moths of North America
Moths described in 1873
Freyre may refer to:
People
Fernando Freyre de Andrade (1903–1946), Spanish actor
Gilberto Freyre (1900–1987), Brazilian sociologist
Ricardo Jaimes Freyre (1868–1933), Bolivian author
Susana Freyre, Argentine actress
Other uses
Rafael Freyre, Cuba, municipio in Cuba
Gaetano Grado (born in Palermo, 8 March 1943) is an Italian mafioso from Palermo, Sicily. He was a member of the Santa Maria di Gesù family under Stefano Bontade until his arrest, after which he became a justice collaborator.
Biography
Gaetano Grado and his brother Antonino Grado were among the trusted men of the Mafia faction led by Stefano Bontade. Jointly with his brothers Vincenzo, Salvatore, Giacomo and Antonio, started to import morphine base from Turkey in 1975, which was refined into heroin in laboratories run by Santa Maria di Gesù Mafia family on Sicily, and subsequently trafficked into the United States.
Gaetano was a feared killer, and once killed a group of teenagers only because they were making noise in a restaurant he was dining and interrupting his meal: two of them were strangled and the remaining three gunned down. For his reputation Grado was among the soldiers of Stefano Bontade, alongside Emanuele D'Agostino, sent to assassinate the Mafia boss Michele Cavataio in what later became known as the Viale Lazio massacre on December 10, 1969.
Grado murdered Giuseppe Graviano's father in 1982 because the Graviano were killing the Contornos and Grados.
In the following years, Grado was among the first who became suspicious of the danger of Totò Riina, and recommended to his boss Stefano Bontade that Riina be eliminated before he became a serious threat to their organization. Bontade however was not yet convinced of Riina's treachery and ordered Grado to help Riina in his attempts to hide from the state, as he was at the time wanted for murder.
When the Second Mafia War started, Grado fought the Corleonesi but soon fled for Spain when his boss, Stefano Bontade was murdered. He came back to Sicily when his brother Antonino was killed by the Corleonesi to prevent him from hiding his cousin Contorno, and he murdered several of the Corleonesi's associates such as Salvatore Zarcone and Pietro Messicati, until he was arrested by the Italian police alongside his cousin Salvatore Contorno.
While in prison he decided to become an informant for the state (pentito): he admitted all of his crimes, explaining to them in detail and revealing information that was previously unknown to prosecutors, including the dynamics of the Viale Lazio massacre, as Grado was one of the involved hitmen.
References
Calvi, Fabrizio (1993). L'Europe des Parrains: La Mafia à l'assaut de l'Europe, Paris: Grasset & Fasquelle,
Living people
Gangsters from Palermo
Pentiti
Italian exiles
1943 births
Joseph Stewart Fruton (May 14, 1912 – July 29, 2007), born Joseph Fruchtgarten, was a Polish-American biochemist and historian of science. His most significant scientific work involved synthetic peptides and their interactions with proteases; with his wife Sofia Simmonds he also published an influential textbook, General Biochemistry (1953; 1958). From 1970 until his death, Fruton worked extensively on the history of science, particularly the history of biochemistry and molecular biology.
Childhood and education
Joseph Fruchtgarten was born in Częstochowa, Poland; his father Shama Nuta (Charles) Fruchtgarten was a grain merchant, and his mother Ella (Aisenstadt) Fruchtgarten was a French teacher. Like many other Polish Jews, the Fruchtgartens immigrated to the United States shortly before the outbreak of World War I. They lived in New York City from 1913 to 1917, and in April 1917 they moved to Minsk (then occupied by the Red Army in the midst of the Russian Civil War). Between 1917 and 1923, Fruchtgarten attended school intermittently, moving from Minsk to Siedlce to Warsaw to Berlin, and learning French, German and Latin (in addition to Polish and English). In 1923, the Fruchtgartens returned to New York and changed their name to Fruton to avoid being targets of anti-Semitism. Joseph Fruton followed his father in rejecting religion, but learned early on "not to advertise either [his] Jewishness or [his] atheism."
After a few months at De Witt Clinton High School, Fruton joined the first class of students at James Madison High School. He graduated summa cum laude in 1927, excelling particularly in chemistry. He applied to Columbia University, and after an initial rejection—possibly because he was only 15 at the time, possibly because the school had already admitted the quota of New York Jews—his mother convinced an admissions official to reverse the decision. Inspired by the character Max Gottlieb from the Sinclair Lewis novel Arrowsmith, Fruton planned his Columbia education around becoming a scientist. The lectures and lab-work of organic chemist John M. Nelson turned Fruton on to biochemistry. He received his degree in chemistry in 1931, and entered graduate school in the Department of Biological Chemistry in the Columbia College of Physicians and Surgeons, working under Hans Thacher Clarke. Fruton's PhD work focused on "the lability of cystine in alkali", although he developed a broad interest in the range of biochemistry-related research being pursued at the College of Physicians and Surgeons.
During graduate school Fruton also became active politically, opposing fascism, militarism and anti-Semitism. In 1933 he met Sophia "Topsy" Simmonds, whom he married in 1936. Upon completing his PhD in May 1934, Fruton became a research assistant to Max Bergmann at the Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research.
Research at the Rockefeller Institute
Fruton was a researcher at the Rockefeller Institute from 1934 to 1945, part of Max Bergmann's long-term and very successful research program in protein chemistry. In his earliest work there, Fruton tested the stereochemical specificity of dipeptidase. Under the tutelage of fellow Bergmann lab researcher Leonidas Zervas, a pioneer in peptide synthesis, Fruton synthesized stereospecific dipeptides and other small peptides as enzyme substrates. Fruton and his colleagues found significant instances of specificity in a range of proteases—observations that were relevant to the ongoing theoretical discussions of protein structure. His most significant discovery at the Rockefeller Institute was a synthetic peptide substrate for pepsin, contrary to the common idea that pepsin would not act on short synthetic peptides. As a side project, he also worked on applications of Bergmann and Zervas's carbobenzoxy method of peptide synthesis and some of the associated side reactions.
Between December 1941 and the end of World War II, research in Bergmann's lab shifted from basic protein chemistry to war-related research under the National Defense Research Committee, part of the Office of Scientific Research and Development. Fruton studied the chemistry of nitrogen mustards. In 1943, Fruton won the American Chemical Society's Eli Lilly Award.
Biochemistry at Yale
In 1945, after Max Bergmann's death, Fruton joined the Yale University Department of Physiological Chemistry (part of the medical school) —headed then by C. N. Hugh Long—where he taught biological chemistry to medical students. Fruton joined a growing science faculty, which included the editor of the Journal of Biological Chemistry, Rudolph Anderson; biochemist Edward Tatum also came to Yale at the same time. In addition to research and teaching at Yale, in 1948 Fruton visited the laboratories of several eminent biochemists: Kaj Linderstrøm-Lang's chemistry department at the Carlsberg Laboratory; Hugo Theorell's lab in Stockholm; and Alexander Todd's lab at Cambridge University. At the end of his five-year appointment as assistant professor, Fruton was promoted to full professor received a joint appointment in the Chemistry department—at the time, the only Jewish full professor in the medical school. By 1952, he was elected to the National Academy of Sciences, and that year he also became chairman of the Department of Physiological Chemistry (which was renamed Biochemistry, reflecting the shift in research focus from medical to general biological problems). He was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1953.
Most of Fruton's early research at Yale was funded by a grant from the Rockefeller Foundation; Warren Weaver was making enzymology one of the Foundation's research focuses. Fruton headed a growing lab that included doctoral students, postdoctoral researchers, and technical assistants. The two main areas of research were the action of proteolytic enzymes and the chemical (as opposed to biological) synthesis of peptides (the substrates used to explore the enzymatic reactions). Members of Fruton's lab studied cathepsin C and several other peptidases, as well as proteinases that catalyzed transpeptidation, which was thought (and ultimately confirmed) to be part of the biosynthesis of proteins. Rather than leading a team effort focused on a small number of high-priority problems, Fruton allowed members of his laboratory to choose their own problems (usually within the broad bounds of protein synthesis and proteinases). Ph.D. students and postdoctoral researchers who worked in Fruton's lab include: Mary Ellen Jones, Melvin Fried, Hannelore Würz, Peter Heinrich, Karen Nilsson, Bob Metrione, Yoshihiro Okuda, George Taborsky, Christine Zioudrou, Maxine Singer, Louis Cohen, Frederick Newth, John Thanassi, Charles Drey, Derek George Smyth, Atsuo Nagamatsu, and Milton Winitz. A number of prominent biochemists from outside Yale also spent time in Fruton's biochemistry department during his tenure as chair, including: Harry Kroll, Rosabelle McManus, John Clark Lewis, Herbert Gutfreund, Max Gruber, Frank Hird, Vernon Ingram, Hans Kornberg, Dimitrios Theodoropoulos, and Hans Tuppy.
In 1953, Fruton and Simmonds completed the textbook General Biochemistry, which became one of the most influential textbooks for a generation of biochemistry students. They produced a second edition in 1958.
Administrative work
In 1959, after offering advice to Yale president A. Whitney Griswold on strengthening the sciences at Yale, Fruton became Director of the Division of Science, a position he held until 1962. His work led to the creation of the short-lived Department of Molecular Biology and Biophysics (MBB), although his initial proposal to create a similar department that combined the existing biophysics and biochemistry departments was rejected. Fruton became burnt out on Yale politics after an extended conflict with provost Kingman Brewster, in which Brewster attempted to bypass Fruton's science advisory committee and create a molecular biology department independent of biochemistry department; the MBB department was created only after Brewster had failed to attract a prominent scientist from outside Yale to head a molecular biology department, and the Department of Biochemistry remained separate as part of the medical school until the creation of the Department of Molecular Biophysics & Biochemistry (MB&B) in 1969 (which was itself created after a lengthy and unsuccessful attempt to find a suitably eminent replacement for Fruton to head the Department of Biochemistry).
Fruton was elected to the American Philosophical Society in 1968. He and Sophia Simmonds traveled abroad during the 1962–1963 academic year, returning just as the MBB department was being created and the Department of Biochemistry was entering a "crisis" because of the loss of experienced faculty (in particular, Fred Richards, the new head of MBB, and Ernie Pollard, who had left to head a biophysics department at Penn State).
Death
Fruton died two days after his wife in New Haven on 29 July 2007.
Works
General Biochemistry (1953, 1958), with Sophia Simmonds
Molecules and Life: Historical Essays on the Interplay of Chemistry and Biology (1972)
A Bio-bibliography for the History of the Biochemical Sciences since 1800 (1982, 1985, 1994)
Contrasts in Scientific Style: Research Groups in the Chemical and Biochemical Sciences (1990)
A Skeptical Biochemist (1992)
Eighty Years (1994)
Proteins, Enzymes, Genes: The Interplay of Chemistry and Biology (1999)
Methods and Styles in the Development of Chemistry (2002)
Awards and honors
In 1993, Fruton received the Dexter Award for Outstanding Achievement in the History of Chemistry from the American Chemical Society.
Notes
References
External links
Joseph Stewart Fruton Papers (MS 1396). Manuscripts and Archives, Yale University Library.
National Academy of Sciences Biographical Memoir
American biochemists
Historians of science
1912 births
2007 deaths
Columbia College (New York) alumni
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
Rockefeller University people
Columbia University Vagelos College of Physicians and Surgeons alumni
James Madison High School (Brooklyn) alumni
Scientists from New York (state)
Polish emigrants to the United States
Members of the American Philosophical Society
Gilbert White FRS (18 July 1720 – 26 June 1793) was a "parson-naturalist", a pioneering English naturalist, ecologist, and ornithologist. He is best known for his Natural History and Antiquities of Selborne.
Life
White was born on 18 July 1720 in his grandfather's vicarage at Selborne in Hampshire. His grandfather, also Gilbert White was at that time vicar of Selborne. Gilbert White's parents were John White (1688–1758) a trained barrister and Anne Holt (d. 1740). Gilbert was the eldest of eight surviving siblings, Thomas (b. 1724), Benjamin (b. 1725), Rebecca (b. 1726), John (b. 1727), Francis (b. 1728/29), Anne (b. 1731), and Henry (b. 1733). Gilbert's family lived briefly at Compton, Surrey, before moving into 'The Wakes' in 1728, that was to be his home for the rest of his long life.
Gilbert White was educated in Basingstoke by Thomas Warton, father of Joseph Warton and Thomas Warton, who would have been Gilbert's school fellows. There are also suggestions that he may have attended the Holy Ghost School before going to Oriel College, Oxford in December 1739. He took his degree as Bachelor of Arts in June 1743. In March 1744 he was elected fellow of the college. In October 1746 he became Master of Arts.
White obtained his deacon's orders in 1746, being fully ordained in 1749, and subsequently held several curacies in Hampshire and Wiltshire, including Selborne's neighbouring parishes of Newton Valence and Farringdon, as well as Selborne itself on four separate occasions. In 1752/53 White held the office of Junior Proctor at Oxford and was Dean of Oriel. In 1757 he became non-resident perpetual curate of Moreton Pinkney in Northamptonshire. After the death of his father in 1758, White moved back into the family home at The Wakes in Selborne, which he eventually inherited in 1763. In 1784 he became curate of Selborne for the fourth time, remaining so until his death. Having studied at the more prestigious Oriel, at the behest of his uncle, he was ineligible to be considered for the permanent living of Selborne, which was in the gift of Magdalen College.
White died in 1793 and was buried in the graveyard of St Mary's Church, Selborne.
The naturalist
White is regarded by many as England's first ecologist, and one of those who shaped the modern attitude of respect for nature. He said of the earthworm:
Earthworms, though in appearance a small and despicable link in the chain of nature, yet, if lost, would make a lamentable chasm. [...] worms seem to be the great promoters of vegetation, which would proceed but lamely without them...
The later naturalist Charles Darwin, when asked in 1870 about books that had deeply impressed him in his youth, mentioned White's writings. However, in Darwin's book, The Formation of Vegetable Mould: Through the Action of Worms, with Observations of Their Habits (1881), there is no acknowledgement of White's earlier work in The Natural History and Antiquities of Selborne on the significance of earthworms in creating and maintaining topsoil. It has been argued that Darwin might not have propounded the theory of evolution without White's pioneering fieldwork establishing the importance of close observation.
Rather than studying dead specimens, White observed live birds and animals in their own habitats over many years; creating a 'new kind of zoology, scientific, precise and based on the steady accumulation of detail'. The Natural History represents a shift to holistic, evidence-based engagement warmed by empathy. From nearly 40 years of observations, White recognised that birds and animals have inner lives. He based his work on accurate (if haphazard) recording of events, classifying, measuring, analysing data, making deductions from observations, and experimenting. He was 'one of the first writers to show that it was possible to write of the natural world with a fresh and intensely personal vision without in any way sacrificing precision'. Thus, Richard Mabey quotes White: 'during this lovely weather the congregating flocks of house martins on the Church and tower were very beautiful and very amusing! When they flew off all together from the roof, on any alarm, they quite swarmed in the air. But they soon settled again in heaps on the shingles; where preening their feathers to admit the rays of the sun, they seemed highly to enjoy the warm situation.' White's scientific outlook was coloured by his theology. He did not have grand theories, plan experiments and replicate them as a modern scientist would: he was more freewheeling and, arguably, as a consequence more appealing as a writer.
White and William Markwick collected records of the dates of emergence of more than 400 plant and animal species, White recording in Hampshire and Markwick in Sussex between 1768 and 1793. These data, summarised in The Natural History and Antiquities of Selborne as the earliest and latest dates for each event over the 25-year period, are among the earliest examples of modern phenology.
American nature writer, Donald C. Peattie, writes in The Road of a Naturalist about White's contribution to the public interest in birds: "The bird census, now so widely promulgated by the Audubon Society, was the invention of Gilbert White; he was the original exponent, as far as I know, of the close seasonal observation of Nature, a branch of science known to the pedantic as phenology. He was the first to perceive the value in the study of migration (then a disputed fact) and of banding or ringing birds, though it was Audubon who first performed the experiment. No professional ornithologist ever did so much to widen interest in birds; from White's pages they cock a friendly eye at us, and hop out of his leaves right over our thresholds."
'White's other contributions to the field of natural history are impressive, for example, his close observation and recording of events over time led him to develop the idea of the 'food chain', laying the foundations for the modern study of ecology; he discovered a distinction between three species of leaf warblers based on their different songs; he pioneered modern theories on bird territory and its effects on their population. Even today, most naturalists will have read White and often refer to his work for its insights and investigative achievements.'
His 1783–84 diary corroborates the dramatic climatic impacts of the volcanic 'Laki haze' that spread from Iceland with lethal consequences across Europe.
White's sister Anne was married to Thomas Barker (1722–1809), called 'The father of meteorology', and Gilbert maintained a correspondence with his nephew Samuel Barker, who also kept a naturalist's journal.
The Natural History and Antiquities of Selborne
White is best known for his The Natural History and Antiquities of Selborne (1789). This is presented as a compilation of his letters to Thomas Pennant, the leading British zoologist of the day, and the Hon. Daines Barrington, an English barrister and another Fellow of the Royal Society, though a number of the 'letters' such as the first nine were never posted, and were written especially for the book. The book has been continuously in print since its first publication. It was long held, "probably apocryphally", to be the fourth-most published book in the English language after the Bible, the works of Shakespeare, and John Bunyan's The Pilgrim's Progress.
White's biographer, Richard Mabey, praises White's expressiveness:
Legacy
White has often been seen as an amateur 'country writer', especially by the scientific community. However, he has been called 'the indispensable precursor to those great Victorians who would transform our ideas about life on Earth, especially in the undergrowth – Lyell, Spencer, Huxley and Darwin.' He is also under-rated as a pioneer of modern scientific research methods, particularly fieldwork. As Mabey argues, the blending of scientific and emotional responses to Nature was White's greatest legacy: 'it helped foster the growth of ecology and the realisation that humans were also part of the natural scheme of things'.
The White family house in Selborne, The Wakes, now contains the Gilbert White Museum. The Selborne Society was founded in 1895 to perpetuate the memory of Gilbert White. It purchased land by the Grand Union Canal at Perivale in West London to create the first Bird Sanctuary in Britain, known as Perivale Wood. In the 1970s, Perivale Wood became a Local Nature Reserve. This initiative was led by a group of young naturalists, notably Edward Dawson and Peter Edwards, Kevin Roberts and Andrew Duff. It was designated by Ealing Borough Council under the National Parks and Access to the Countryside Act 1949. Flora Thompson, the countryside novelist, said of White: "It is easy to imagine him, this very first of English nature writers, the most sober and modest, yet happiest of men."
White is quoted by Merlyn in The Once and Future King by T.H. White and in The Boy in Grey by Henry Kingsley, in which White's thrush appears as a character. A documentary about White, presented by historian Michael Wood, was broadcast by BBC Four in 2006. White is commemorated in the inscription on one of eight bells installed in 2009 at Holybourne, Hampshire and in the Perivale Wood Local Nature Reserve, which is dedicated to his memory. The Reserve is owned and managed by the Selborne Society, named to commemorate White's Natural History. White's frequent accounts of a tortoise inherited from his aunt in The Natural History and Antiquities of Selborne form the basis for Verlyn Klinkenborg's book, Timothy; or, Notes of an Abject Reptile (2006), and for Sylvia Townsend Warner's The Portrait of a Tortoise (1946).
A stained glass window portraying St Francis of Assisi in Selborne church commemorates Gilbert White. It was designed by Horace Hinckes and was installed in 1920.
White's influence on artists is celebrated in the exhibition 'Drawn to Nature: Gilbert White and the Artists' taking place in spring 2020 at Pallant House Gallery in Chichester to mark the 300th anniversary of his birth, and including artworks by Thomas Bewick, Eric Ravilious and John Piper, amongst others.
White is credited with perhaps the earliest written record of the word 'golly', in a journal entry from 1775.
Finally, the OED gives White credit for first having used x to represent a kiss in a letter written in 1763.
Works
White, Gilbert (1795). A Naturalist's Calendar, with observations in various branches of natural history, extracted from the papers of the late Rev. Gilbert White of Selborne, Hampshire, Senior Fellow of Oriel College, Oxford. Never before published. London: printed for B. and J. White, Horace's Head, Fleet Street. Edited by J. Aikin.
References
Sources
Worster, D. 1994. Nature's Economy: A History of Ecological Ideas (2nd ed.). Cambridge; New York, NY, USA: Cambridge University Press.
External links
Gilbert White's House and the Oates Museum
Works by Gilbert White in the Biodiversity Heritage Library
Gilbert White's biography at the Natural History Museum
40 years of Gilbert White's journals online (arranged by calendar date, not in chronological order)
Twitter account tweeting Gilbert White's diaries on the day of the year they were written
BBC play about Gilbert White 'The Hybernaculum'
1720 births
1793 deaths
English naturalists
English nature writers
English ecologists
English ornithologists
18th-century English Anglican priests
18th-century English non-fiction writers
18th-century English male writers
Alumni of Oriel College, Oxford
People from Selborne
Parson-naturalists
18th-century letter writers
People educated at Queen Mary's School for Boys, Basingstoke
The Virginia Cavaliers softball team represents University of Virginia in NCAA Division I college softball. The team participates in the Atlantic Coast Conference. The Cavaliers are currently led by head coach Joanna Hardin. The team plays its home games at Palmer Park located on the university's campus.
History
Coaching history
Championships
Conference Tournament Championships
Coaching staff
Awards and honors
Retired numbers
Sources:
Conference Awards and Honors
Sources:
ACC Player of the Year
Eileen Schmidt, 1993
Kristen Dennis, 2002
Sara Larquier, 2005
ACC Freshman of the Year
Kristen Dennis, 1999
Ruby Rojas, 2000
References
Atlantic Coast Conference softball
Sport clubs established in 1980
1980 establishments in Virginia
Spirogyra is a genus of algae.
Spirogyra may also refer to:
Spirogyra (band), a British folk/prog rock band
Spyro Gyra, an American jazz fusion band
Spirogyra Lake, a lake in the South Orkney islands
Agnès Cabrol (2 July 1964 in Avignon – January 2007 in Gordes, Vaucluse) was a French Egyptologist.
Life and work
Born in Provence, Agnès Cabrol encountered Egyptology in her reading and quickly dreamed of devoting her life to it. She graduated from the Ecole du Louvre in 1987, having studied under Christiane Ziegler, Claude Traunecker, and Guillemette Andreu.
After graduation from the University of Paris IV, she went on an expedition in 1991 of the Theban region of the New Kingdom of Egypt, under the direction Professor Nicolas Grimal. For the Franco-Egyptian Centre for the Study of Karnak (CFEETK), she collected epigraphic data and made numerous archaeological observations. She also examined the Tomb of Khabekhenet with Claude Traunecker.
Broadening her field of investigation to ancient processional rites, she then tried to reconstruct the liturgical context, the routes, the navigations and the modes of circulation of the processions in the Theban region. On this subject, she first defended a DEA in 1992, then a thesis in 1995 at the University of Lille- III, under the direction of Dominique Valbelle. On the advice of Professor Jan Quaegebeur, she published The Processional Ways of Thebes in the series Orientalia Loviensia Analecta, in 2001, thanks to Professor Harco Willems, Jan Quaegebeur's successor in Louvain.
Gillam notes the work that Cabrol contributed to in the understanding of the temples of the New Kingdom, and her attention to political and religious symbolism. Cabrol obtained a PhD from the University of Lille III in 1995, under the direction of Professor Dominique Valbelle and remained there to lecture and founded two associations "Papyrus" and "Vasco de Gama" associations in Lille.
Cabrol curated the exhibition: Tombs of the Nile, funerary treasures of Nubia, which was held at Château de Flers in Villeneuve d'Ascq in 1998.
Cabrol became an expert on Thebes, and was the author of numerous books and papers, notably Amenhotep III: le Magnifique (2000), Les voies procesionelles de Thèbes (2001), and Regards sur l'orientalisme et l'égyptologie (2006).
In 2003, Cabrol was appointed lecturer in Lille although she was already ill. She died in her village of Gordes (Vaucluse) on 7 January 2007.
References
French Egyptologists
1964 births
2007 deaths
Writers from Avignon
French women archaeologists
20th-century French archaeologists
21st-century French archaeologists
French women historians
20th-century French women writers
Underground is a satirical "grim and gritty"-style superhero role playing game set in the near future. It was released by Mayfair Games in 1993 as a commentary on the politics and society of the early 1990s as expressed through the year 2021.
Overview
Inspired by the Dark Age of Comic Books, Aeon Flux, and the political and social upheavals of the early 1990s, the game attempts to inspire social and political debate among its players as well as provide entertainment through playing renegade superheroes. In it, players typically play unemployed, genetically enhanced veterans of corporate wars.
The backstory for Underground borrowed heavily from Pat Mills' Marshal Law and Alan Moore's version of Marvelman, two of the earliest deconstructionist superhero comics of the 1980s. The former had concentrated on genetically-engineered super soldiers recently come back from an unsuccessful war in South America. The latter featured technology gathered from a crashed alien spacecraft and psychological conditioning in a virtual reality environment. The art used in Underground was intentionally inspired by the Aeon Flux animated shorts, as well as the comic books Marshal Law, Watchmen and Elektra: Assassin!.
Setting
It's 2021, and the Dream is Dead
The future timeline of Underground begins with a UFO crash in 1996 in the Florida Everglades. The UFO was a small escape pod from a larger interstellar starship and contained a pair of lobster-like aliens, codenamed Alpha and Omega. While officially a secret, the entire world witnessed the crash and the secrets of the UFO leaked to the entire world within a year. Apparently, the alien technology was based entirely on manipulation of amino acid chains and advanced biotechnology, which started a revolution in genetic engineering. This resulted in major corporations and the wealthy gaining even more power and becoming far more decadent, while the poor remained oppressed even more so.
Rapper-activists Flavor Flav and Chuck D are assassinated on August 11, 1998 in Columbus, Georgia by a psychotic off-duty policeman. Their untimely deaths are commemorated in a national holiday called "Chuck D Day", celebrated on the first Monday in August.
World politics are dominated by the Second Cold War, which is a three-way deadlock between the North American Confederation, China, and the European Community.
In 2003 the United States has annexed most of Canada as the 51st through 58th states and Puerto Rico and Cuba are absorbed as the 59th and 60th States. Quebec separatists managed to form an independent Quebec and absorbed the Maritime Provinces right before the American annexation, creating the People's Republic of Quebec, a communist state allied with Neo-Deutschland. The United States, Mexico and Central America (minus the Neo-Vatican) join to form the North American Confederation.
The European Community is dominated by Neo-Deutschland. It controls all of unified Europe under a tyrannical fascist theocracy where Scientology has become the dominant religion. Neo-Deutschland is administered by the ARC Party and is run by a Chancellor assisted by the Ministers of Having, Wanting, and Being. The Holy See is sent into exile in Nicaragua (which it takes over as a theocracy of its own called the Neo-Vatican).
On April 12–17, 2008, a penal colony on the Moon staged a revolt and became an independent state called Luna. It is run by a council of "Houses" made up of the major specialized prison gangs (like Drugs, Prostitution, Technology, and Public Works).
Apartheid in South Africa didn't end until 2010, when the entire nation went into bankruptcy from worldwide boycotts. South Africa has been replaced by "New Providence", a gigantic nationwide vacation resort staffed by the South African population.
On August 1, 2011, popular Liberal Independent president Raymond Milkovich is assassinated at a "Chuck D Day" rally in Los Angeles. His vice president Saul Stevens loses to Plutocrat candidate Daryl F. Gates in 2012.
An entire sub-race of human beings has been created through cloning: the "Pre-frontals", who only have 45 chromosomes. This causes them to have an underdeveloped pre-frontal cortex, so they have an extremely low intelligence, have difficulty delaying gratification or forming long-term plans, and have trouble separating fantasy from reality. They were originally created by the MacRaney's fast-food chain to staff their restaurants and consume their product, as they have tailored metabolisms that can only digest MacRaney's foods. They are relegated to unskilled blue-collar jobs and live in the ghettos of major cities. They exist as a servant class that is deprived of all civil rights due to society legally and constitutionally redefining what it means to be "human".
Dressing up in costumes on Halloween is now banned nationwide after an incident in which a couple dressed as Leopold and Loeb went on a killing spree, shooting anyone with a "stupid" costume. People violating the ban (like homeless "boosted" veterans) can be shot on sight due to a fear of copycats.
Computers now run on "wetware" drives that store data on artificial brain tissue. Cheap drives are run on scavenged human or animal brains. There is a black market for "wetware" provided by "brainjackers" who steal people's brains, usually by ripping their heads and spinal cords out of their bodies. People can sell their brains and get mechanical artificial intelligence computer replacements that make them happier and more productive. Entertainment media like TV is optimized to cater to people (and sentient robots) with certain brands or models of artificial brains (like the 64-MB XM70).
In 2016 the G.I. Bill is redrawn to provide either an education, or job training, or housing for up to three years to a demobilized "boosted" soldier. The Fair Housing Act of 2017 created "veterans only" housing projects; these became run-down, poverty-stricken, and crime-riddled ghettos controlled by "boosted" criminal gangs. These were concentrated in urban sprawl areas of large cities on the west coast so the veterans could be segregated and easily controlled, making Los Angeles home to the largest "boosted" population in North America.
Los Angeles street gangs are polarized into two large multi-ethnic factions: the People (who wear checkered clothing) and the Folks (who wear plaid).
The Democrat and Republican parties have fused into the ineffectual Republicrat Party which exists mainly to provide token opposition to whatever is said by the dominant Plutocrat Party founded by Ross Perot. The basic doctrine of the Plutocrats is whatever is good for Big Business and the obscenely wealthy is good for the nation. The rising National Anti-Socialist Party, a conservative populist movement, is slowly gaining influence as a party of the people.
In a twist common to cyberpunk literature, mega-corporations have gained legal sovereignty. Large multi-national corporations can legally enter into treaties, grant diplomatic immunity, and field private armies (which they typically rent out to other entities). Their property is considered sovereign territory, like that of a nation.
Cannibalism is extremely popular, first gaining prominence at secret underground restaurants in the late 1990s. Instead of signing an organ donor card, people sign a card which gives their next of kin a token fee and consents to having the deceased's body processed into food when they die. The most popular fast-food chain in the world is Tastee Ghoul, which exclusively serves human flesh and gives away disposable polymer handguns in its Happy Meals.
Sweeney's is an upscale cannibalism theme restaurant chain (like Bennigan's, TGI Friday's, or Chili's). Boosted mercenaries who die in their employ are featured as a "Daily Special".
The Constitution of the United States has been heavily modified. Its many new amendments are responsible for (among other things) sharply limiting free speech as potential slander, expanding free speech to cover acts of terrorism, granting some corporate bodies legal sovereignty, and defining "humans" as "beings which have or once had 46 chromosomes". Constitutional amendments now have corporate sponsors, with the amendments themselves having corporate naming rights and its slogans inserted in the amendment's text as product placement.
The president in 2021 is Plutocrat Charles K. Foster, who mentioned in his inaugural address "As a good friend of mine once asked, 'can't we all just get along?'"
Plot
Player characters in the game are genetically enhanced ex-mercenaries who were given superpowers by reverse engineered genetic technology recovered from the UFO crash. They are given extensive genetic modifications (called "boosting"). Then after being decanted they work as augmented mercenaries (called "Boosts") for any one of several private armies operated by giant corporations, fighting in small wars around the world.
This is paired with psychological conditioning (the Bushmiller Process) in the form of a Virtual Reality simulation (called "Dreamland") that teaches them how to handle and use their new powers. The virtual world looks just like a "four-color" Silver Age superhero comic book, except it's ultra-violent and merciless to simulate combat conditions and desensitize the recruits to violence. Subjects are made to believe that their fictional life in the virtual world was real, then are later deprogrammed and normalized into accepting mundane reality after their discharge.
A Player Character begins as he's discharged from service as a genetically-enhanced warrior who had been conditioned to think of himself as an ultraviolent superhero with a bizarre origin story and a dramatic past. They tend to see the world in the uncompromising black-and-white ethos of superhero comics filtered through the mental illnesses and phobias triggered by the process that grants them their powers. They are dumped in the decaying ruins of an American culture with civilians who fear and hate them and a corrupt and totalitarian government that ignores them (an intentional reference to the state of Vietnam veterans coming home after the Vietnam War). The fact that they were brainwashed by the corporations that employed them and were betrayed by the governments that hired them often makes them distrustful of authority. It is presumed that the player characters join and form various "Underground" movements to oppose the government, giant corporations, or other tyrannical forces in the world.
System
The game rules for Underground are an adaptation of the Mayfair Exponential Game System, originally developed at Mayfair Games for the earlier DC Heroes roleplaying game depicting the DC Universe. However the rules were modified to depict lower-powered characters in a deadlier setting.
The Underground game books had color-coded text. Each line of text in the books was colored differently if it was part of the rules, an example of game play, optional rules, or fiction and exposition for the setting.
As part of the political and social nature of the game, and to encourage games to be about righting the many wrongs in the setting, the designer included Parameter Rules. This is a mechanism wherein the players could change the entire setting. The rules allowed the players to change the parameters of an area, or even the country or the whole world. The drawback is that affecting one parameter (like Quality of Life or Education), would adjust another (like Take-Home Pay or Wealth). Because they are heroes the players can, with enough time and effort, change parameters without penalties if they perform actions that lead to change.
Core Rules and Supplements
Robin Jenkins (1993) Hell Bent was published by Atlas Games AG5400 isbn 978-1-56905-063-7
Reception
Chris W. McCubbin reviewed Underground for Pyramid #2 (July/Aug., 1993) and stated that "Any superhero GM with a nasty sense of humor (and in my experience, that's most of them) is advised to buy this book for the excellent background material."
Underground won the 1993 Origins Award for Best Roleplaying Adventure.
Reviews
White Wolf #37 (July/Aug., 1993)
Dosdediez (Número 2 - Ene/Feb 1994)
Rollespilsmagasinet Fønix (Danish) (Issue 1 - March/April 1994)
References
External links
Underground Designers Notes by Ray Winninger
Review of Underground by "W.J. MacGuffin" RPG.net October 2011
Comedy role-playing games
Cyberpunk role-playing games
Mayfair Games games
Origins Award winners
Role-playing games introduced in 1993
Superhero role-playing games
Garrison Redd (born 1988 in Brownsville, NY) is a paralympic athlete. He was a Team USA Paralympic powerlifter. Redd was paralyzed in 2005 after being struck by a stray bullet outside his home in Brownsville. The bullet burned the nerves in his spine leaving him paralyzed from the waist down.
In February 2018, Redd was chosen as a TEDx speaker.
Redd competed in a national qualifier held at Logan University to represent Team USA in Bogota, Colombia.
Redd is also involved with the Christopher and Dana Reeve Foundation.
References
1988 births
Living people
The Bahia tyrannulet (Phylloscartes beckeri) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae. It is endemic to the state of Bahia in eastern Brazil. It is the most second recently described bird in the genus Phylloscartes after the cinnamon-faced tyrannulet which was described two years later. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
Phylloscartes
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Endemic birds of Brazil
Birds described in 1995
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Bishop's Castle (also: Unteres Schloss) is a castle in the municipality of Fürstenau of the Canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance. The castle dates to the mid-to-late 13th century, while the current structure is from the early 18th century.
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
Fürstenau, Switzerland
Cultural property of national significance in Graubünden
Castles in Graubünden
The Kaliningrad Regional Museum of History and Arts () is a museum along the Lower Pond in Kaliningrad, Russia. The building was built in 1912 by Berlin architect, Richard Zeil, originally the city hall (Stadthalle) and also a performing arts center in Königsberg, Germany.
History
The Stadthalle was planned by Oberbürgermeister Siegfried Körte in 1907 and opened in the Vorder-Roßgarten district in 1912 according to designs by Richard Seel. It included concert halls (Körtesaal, Krohnesaal, and Gebauhrsaal), a restaurant, and a garden cafe in front of the castle pond Schlossteich.
The halls were named after the initiators: Siegfried Körte, Theodor Krohne and Carl Julius Gebauhr.
The Königsberger Philharmonie often performed in the 1,600-seat center.
World War II
The Stadthalle was used as a military hospital during World War I. The building was heavily damaged by the 26 August 1944 Bombing of Königsberg in World War II. After the war it was part of Soviet Kaliningrad.
The former Stadthalle was restored from 1981–86.
Kaliningrad Regional Museum of History and Arts
Since 1991 it has hosted the Kaliningrad Regional Museum of History and Arts. The museum, founded in 1946, previously had multiple locations throughout the city. It includes exhibits on regional nature, archaeology, history, World War II, and post-war Kaliningrad. The museum also has branches in the city and the Kaliningrad Oblast.
The museum has five halls, each of which is dedicated to a specific topic.
Nature Hall
The hall is dedicated to the nature of the Kaliningrad region. Here are animal and bird droppings, minerals from the Kaliningrad region. There are several displays in the hall: the Baltic Sea, the Curonian Lagoon, the Curonian forest, the Poyma River, the bog, the mixed forest.
Archeological Hall
The archeological hall is dedicated to the earliest era of the region's history. The exhibition includes late Paleolithic, Mesolithic, Neolithic , Bronze Age and Iron Age, until region conversion to Protestantism.
The archaeological site is not only about the ancient Prussia, but also about the Vikings that settled in Prussia in Cranz, (present-day Zelenogradsk).
A large part of the archaeological collection is composed of exhibits from the Prussian Museum, which were considered lost and found. The rest of the items were discovered by Soviet and Russian archeologists after the war.
Regional History Hall
This hall is dedicated to the history of the region, from the time of the conquest of Prussia by the Teutonic Order Knights (13th century) until 1945. The hall features samples of old weapons, furniture, household items.
War Room
The War Room is dedicated to World War II. Here are samples of weapons, military uniforms and other items related to war. The "Königsberg attack" corpse is in the hall.
"Memory Horizons" Hall
This hall is dedicated to the post-war history of the region. The exhibition features the life and lifestyle of the first residents, products of the first Kaliningrad enterprise, including amber products, as well as dismantled monuments of Lenin.
References
External links
Art museums established in 1946
Museums in Kaliningrad Oblast
Buildings and structures in Kaliningrad
1946 establishments in the Soviet Union
Adbee Markaz Kamraz (AMK), sometimes referred to as Adbee Markaz Kamraz Jammu and Kashmir (AMKJK), is the oldest and the largest cultural and literary organisation of the Jammu Jammu and Kashmir union territory focused on promoting and preserving Kashmiri culture, literature, art and Kashmiri language in particular. Sponsored by the government of Jammu and Kashmir, it is headquartered in Baramullah district of the Kashmir Valley. It's consisting a group with centralized control of 22 to 24 registered literary and cultural organizations of the valley, responsible for literary activities such as promote research, organise meetings and publish books that originally belongs to Kashmiri writers.
In 2012, it organised Kashmir Literature Festival, a first-ever writers' festival in the history of Jammu and Kashmir focused on internationalize the Kashmiri language and addressing the issues responsible for its decline in the region. The festival is based on the Jaipur Literature Festival and Karachi Literature Festival to showcase the writers' work on international-level. In 2012, it established one of its branch offices for literary activities in Delhi aimed at to highlight and promote Kashmiri language for Kashmiri speaking people in the National Capital Region (NCR).
Base units
In 2015, the organisation proposed to establish its base units outside India and suggested establishing headquarters in London and New York aimed at promoting and safeguarding Kashmiri language outside the country.
Activities
It has also been engaged with the state government for introducing regional languages in curriculum recognised by the Jammu and Kashmir State Board of School Education.
Journals
It publishes biannual academic journal called Praave (also spelled Prav or Prave) which highlights the work of the organization and the people associated with literary activities.
Composition
Awards established
It has established various literary awards such as Sharaf-e-Kamraz, Shehjar-e-Adab Lolab and Khilat-e-Hanfi Sopori, and while they are presented under the different categories, Sharaf-e-Kamraz according to the organization is one of the highest awards in the region. Awards are decided and presented annually by the AMK jury upon writers and educationists in recognition of their contribution to the Kashmiri language and literature.
References
External links
Culture of Jammu and Kashmir
Organisations based in Jammu and Kashmir
Cultural organisations based in India
State agencies of Jammu and Kashmir
Indian writers' organisations
Poetry organizations
Organizations with year of establishment missing
Murero is a municipality in Zaragoza province.
References
Municipalities in the Province of Zaragoza
Chautauqua Park Historic District is a nationally recognized historic district located in Sac City, Iowa, United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2014. The park consists of the Chautauqua Auditorium, Asa Platt gates, Metcalf cabin, a fish house, a small stone bridge, and a shelter house.
History
The Sac City Chautauqua Association was formed in December, 1904 with 120 people buying subscriptions. Chautauqua programs were held at the fairgrounds in 1905, 1906, and 1907. In 1908 they bought the property between the fairgrounds and the North Raccoon River for $1,275. The Des Moines architectural firm of Proudfoot & Bird designed the auditorium and it was built by local contractor W.J. Gordon. It was completed in time for the 1908 Chautauqua. The structure resembles a Chautauqua tent. It features an octagonal front, pillars and open rafters, ceiling, open sides, and glass windows in the upper tier that provide ventilation when open. It originally had a dirt floor. By 1926 the Chautauqua movement was over here, and the following year the Sac City Park Board assumed the ownership of the park.
The other elements in the park generally date from after the Park Board's ownership of the park. The gates are named for Asa Platt, who built the first house in Sac City and was known for his philanthropy, including the local Chautauquas. They were built sometime before 1931. Changes in streets and the entrance to the park have subsequently by-passed the gates. Built by David Metcalf in 1854, the Metcalf cabin was the first residential building in what would become Sac County. It was moved to the park about the time the city took control of it. The simple frame fish house is a place for anglers to clean their fish. A fish pond was located near the auditorium, and the stone walking bridge crossed it. The bridge was built sometime before 1935, and the pond was removed in the 1970s. The stone shelter house is a picnic shelter that was built by the Works Progress Administration in 1939.
References
Sac City, Iowa
Chautauqua
Works Progress Administration in Iowa
Historic districts in Sac County, Iowa
National Register of Historic Places in Sac County, Iowa
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
Parks on the National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
Massachusetts, with forests covering (59%) of its land area, administers more than of state forest, wildlife and watershed land under the cabinet level Executive Office of Energy and Environmental Affairs. Lands are managed by Department of Conservation and Recreation, Division of State Parks and Recreation (), Division of Fisheries and Wildlife (MassWildlife) (), and the Division of Water Supply Protection's Office of Watershed Management ().
Current state forests
See also
List of U.S. National Forests
List of Massachusetts State Parks
References
External links
State Executive Office of Energy and Environmental Affairs
Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation's Massachusetts State Parks
DCR Forestry home page
DCR - Forest Management Planning
Eight districts of Forest Management
Massachusetts
Forests
Fury: My War Gone By, also known as Fury MAX or Fury MAX: Cold Warrior is a 2012-2013 thirteen issue comic book limited series written by Garth Ennis and published by Marvel Comics. The series follow the character of Nick Fury during his military career under the course of the 20th century after the Second World War, when Fury participated in most of the United States' Cold War initiatives around the globe. Like most of Ennis's previous works on characters that are mainly figures in the world of superheroes so does the series do away with those elements, it instead fixates on the real life dealings of soldiers and spies in historical situations. It is a sequel to the 2001 series Fury and the 2006 series Fury: Peacemaker, both also written by Garth Ennis. The comic was drawn by Goran Parlov who had previously worked with Ennis on his Punisher series. The series garnered decent sales and critical acclaim.
Development
Ennis has been a proponent of war comics since his youth, as he felt they had more meaning over the general superhero publications that Marvel Comics published most of the time. He felt that the character of Nick Fury reminded him of the series he read as a child and that was of greater interest for him to write. Before My War Gone By Ennis wrote two other Fury series (Fury in 2001 and Fury: Peacemaker in 2006) as well as including his incarnation of the character in his Punisher run. In Ennis opinion so is his interpretation of Fury in the series intended to be the original character which debuted in Sgt. Fury and his Howling Commandos from 1963, before he went through so many changes as the years went by, but he also stated that he doesn't mind the more modern versions of the character and doesn't think about them or peoples perception when writing his story since he doesn't keep any sentimental attachment to the character. Ennis has expressed that his original 2001 Fury series is one of his personal favorites and that he had had the idea for My War Gone By for a long time, at least since the end of his last Punisher series. When some of Ennis close friends rose within the Marvel hierarchy he took the opportunity to express his interest in doing another Fury comic. The series was meant to be the origin of his version of Nick Fury, to show how he became a bitter and angry old man that showed up in Ennis Punisher comics.
Publication history
The series was published under Marvel's Max imprint. In North America the first and second issues were both released in May 2012, issue three to six were released one month after each other, June, July, August and September respectively. No issue was released in October or November 2012 and the next issue, seven, was published in December 2012. The rest of the issues were released in sequential order one month apart for the rest of the run. At some point during the publication of the series Marvel used the title Fury Max: Cold Warrior to refer to the series, which was used at Marvel.com. Since then three collected editions have been published in English; two trade paperback, the first one which collects issues 1 to 6 and the second one which collects issues 7 to 13, known as My War Gone By Vol. 1 and 2, released in 2012 and 2013 respectively. The third collection is a hardcover and includes all thirteen issues and was named Fury: My War Gone By and released in 2014.
A French language version was released by Panini Comics in 2013 named Fury: D'une Guerre à L'autre, (translation: From War to War or From One War to Another). A second one also released by Panini in 2013 was named A la Guerre Comme à la Guerre (translation: In War As In War).
Plot
The story is split up in four different three issue arcs with a final separate issue at the end, the first arc concerns Fury's time working for the military in French Indochina (modern day Vietnam) by a politician named McCuskey. Fury is to assess the situation and get an understanding of the lay of the land and how America could potentially influence the situation on behalf of the French and their own best interests. Fury is given some help from a C.I.A. agent named Hatherly and begins a relationship with McCuskey's assistant, Shirley. The second arc takes place in Cuba in 1961 when Fury attempted to help assassinate Fidel Castro. The third arc takes place in the 1970s as Fury is dragged back into Vietnam at the height of the US involvement. The arc features more assassination attempts and Fury enlists the help from a Marine Corps sniper named Frank Castle. The final three-issue arc is set in Nicaragua in 1984, where he encounters a soldier who goes by the name of Barracuda. The final issue features Fury contemplating his life and his choice to dedicate his entire adulthood to going to war.
Ennis version of the character has no connections to the superhero shared universe Fury usually occupies together with characters as The Avengers and X-Men but instead focuses on him in a real world environment and features no appearances from other Marvel characters, outside of Frank Castle, that Ennis did not create himself in his other MAX series. There are no supernatural elements in My War Gone By and costumed vigilantes do not appear to be a feature of the world at all. The spy organization S.H.I.E.L.D. is also largely omitted from the work, as Fury is portrayed as a soldier and CIA agent during his whole life in the book. However, the events of the miniseries are alluded in Original Sin #5.
Reception
Sales
All thirteen issues were priced at 3.99 dollars their first month, and all sold between 20,620 and 12,426 copies. The first collected edition was priced at 19.99 dollars and sold an estimated 2477 copies during its first month and was ranked 20th on the trade paperback listing by The Comics Chronicles, on its second month it sold 391 and was ranked 271 on the list. The second collected edition was also priced at 19.99 and sold an estimated 1,888 copies in August 2013 and was ranked 37. The hardcover full collection was priced at 34.99 dollars and sold an estimated 1,304 copies while being ranked at 70 during August 2014.
Critical response
The series holds an average rating of 8.2 by 16 professional critics on the review aggregation website Comic Book Roundup.
John Parker of the Comics Alliance praised the series, stating "Ennis, renowned for his knowledge of military history, fills “My War Gone By” with real-world facts that will chill your flowery golden heart, and at the very least you will walk away from this book with a near-encyclopedic understanding of covert American screw-ups, and perhaps a healthy amount of hate for the Iron Fist of Democracy." Andrew Young of Geek Hard said the series was one of the best Nick Fury stories ever. Zak Wojnar of Screen Rant said the villain Barracuda's actions were too vile and horrific to recount when describing the character, but that Barracuda is a character who needs to be portrayed on screen. Mark Peters of Salon said that unlike Ennis's other series, which are puffy and ridiculous in a good way, My War Gone By is realistic and somber. He also expressed that the series was one of the best Nick Fury stories written and one of the best pieces of cold war fiction of any medium. He stated that it as a very clever usage of the character that takes him away from the world of mainstream Marvel superheroes. Peters described the Fury in the series as an old, grizzled soldier who, much like America is addicted to war.
Prints
Issues
Collected editions
See also
2013 in comics
2014 in comics
Historical fiction
War comics
Notes
References
External links
2012 comics debuts
Comics by Garth Ennis
Marvel Comics limited series
Nick Fury titles
Marvel Comics set during the Vietnam War
Comics set during the Cold War
Eight Mile is an unincorporated community in Mobile County, Alabama, United States. The community is named for its distance from the city of Mobile. Part of it was annexed in the mid-20th century by the city of Prichard, Alabama.
Geography
Eight Mile is located west of Mobile Bay and just north of the Gulf of Mexico. The elevation is .
Demographics
The mostly African-American enclave had a median income in 2014 of $35,000. This is more than $8,000 lower than the state median.
2008 Mercaptan spill (natural gas odorant)
In 2008 lightning struck a mercaptan storage tank at a Mobile Gas Service Corp. underground natural gas pipeline at the Whistler Junction gas transfer facility within the Eight Mile community. An estimated of Mercaptan, the chemical odorant added to natural gas to help detect leaks, spilled into the soil and groundwater for six months, according to Alabama state environmental officials. It has migrated to ponds and surfaced, polluting the community's air.
Beginning in 2011, residents in Eight Mile began complaining of an overwhelming mercaptan odor and associated health problems. They have concerns about the damage to their health from the chemical, and to property values from its persistent rotten egg smell. They appealed for a state and federal investigation.
Mobile Gas officials maintained that the odor had nothing to do with their operations; they did not publicly acknowledge the leak or the lightning strike until April 2012. In subsequent court documents, Mobile Gas acknowledged the leak, but claimed the responsibility is with the waste cleanup firms they had hired to get rid of the spilled chemical. Sempra Energy acquired the Eight Mile facility several months after the accident and owned it until September 2016. Sempra Energy also owns the well that caused the massive 2015−16 Aliso Canyon gas leak in the Santa Susana Mountains and San Fernando Valley of Southern California.
In 2015 Mobile Gas started operating a new water pollution remediation ozone treatment process system. Mercaptan was federally reclassified as a hazardous chemical by the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, passed by Congress and signed by President Obama in 2016.
Notable person
Mikhail Torrance, professional basketball player, was born and grew up in Prichard
References
Unincorporated communities in Mobile County, Alabama
Unincorporated communities in Alabama
Pulikkuthi Pandi is a 2021 Indian Tamil-language action drama television film produced, written and directed by M. Muthaiah. The film stars Lakshmi Menon , Vikram Prabhu and Singampuli, with Samuthrakani, R.K. Suresh, Vela Ramamoorthy and Sujatha Sivakumar in supporting roles. The music for the film is composed by N. R. Raghunanthan. It was released as a television premiere directly in Sun TV on 15 January 2021 coinciding with Pongal and Vikram Prabhu's birthday. This film received mixed reviews from audience as well as critics, where Lakshmi Menon received particular praise for her performance and role by the audience.
Plot
Pandi is a rogue, who has close to 20 petty cases registered under his name in a police station. After meeting Pechi, Pandi decides to be a responsible person as he falls head over heels for her. Though he was ready to mend his ways, Pandi locks horns with Sannasi, a ruthless loan shark, after the latter misbehaves with Pechi and her father. Pandi, Pechi and her relatives face the wrath of Sannasi and his sons, where Pandi dies by being beheaded by Sannasi's son. Enraged, Pechi and her relatives kills Sannasi and his sons.
Cast
Vikram Prabhu as Pulikuthi Pandi
Lakshmi Menon as Pechi Pulikuthi
Samuthirakani as Karumbalai Pandi, Pandi's father
Singampuli as Pandi's uncle
R. K. Suresh as Saravedi
Vela Ramamoorthy as Sannasi Thevar, Saravedi's father
R. Kaleeswaran as Seeni Servai, Pechi's father
KPY Dheena as Pandi's friend
KPY Bala as Pandi's friend
Sujatha Sivakumar as Pandi's mother
Aruldoss as DSP
Aadukalam Naren as Inspector Ramanathan
G. Marimuthu as Inspector Dhananchezhiyan
C. Prabathvarman as Aalavandhan
Namo Narayana as Rajakili
Meenal as Chittu
DMJ Rajasimhan as Inspector Karungali
Stalin as Pechi's brother
Veeran Selvaraj as Pechi's brother
Madurai Janaki as Pechi's sister-in-law
Ramya Shankar as Pechi's sister-in-law
Velmurugan as Serattai
Hello Kandhasamy as Selvaraj
Avan Ivan Ramarajan as Pachamuthu
Production
The film was announced in September 2020 and the makers began production in the same month amid COVID-19 pandemic. Sun TV Network produced the film with a limited budget. The filmmakers initially titled the film as Pechi and began the principal photography, but was later changed to Pulikkuthi Pandi. The film project marked the second collaboration between Vikram Prabhu and Lakshmi Menon after Kumki (2012). It also marked the first film project for Menon in four years after her last film Rekka (2016). Most of the portions of the film were predominantly shot in Madurai and Dindigul.
The shooting of the film completed during November 2020 at a time when Government of Tamil Nadu permitted theatres to open for public for the first time post COVID-19. The first look poster of the film was unveiled on 30 December 2020.
Soundtrack
The film's soundtrack and score was composed by N. R. Raghunanthan. The album features six tracks with lyrics written by Mohan Rajan, Mani Amudhavan and Araikudi Bharathi Ganesan. It was released on 9 January 2021, six days before the film's release.
Release
The filmmakers initially planned it for Christmas release on 25 December 2020 but was postponed due delays in post-production. The filmmakers again insisted that the film would be released initially in theatres on 1 January 2021 coinciding with the New Year which also taunted to be the first Tamil film release of 2021 but the theatrical release was cancelled in the last minute due to delays in post-production of the film. The film release was later finalised as a direct television premiere via Sun TV on 15 January 2021 as a Pongal release and subsequently the film would be streamed via digital platform Sun NXT. It became the second film to directly premiere via Sun TV after Naanga Romba Busy (2020).
Reception
Critics
Avinash Ramachandran of Cinema Express rated the film 3 stars out of 5 stars and said, "proverbial climactic twist saves this generic film". The Times of India rated 2.5 out of 5 stars and said, "The action scenes in the latter half (though violent), cinematography and performances lift the film to a good extent till the climax. All the artists pull off their roles with ease – while Lakshmi Menon, Vela Ramamoorthy and RK Suresh stand out." Baradwaj Rangan of Film Companion South wrote "Muthaiah has a good head for plot, but his screenwriting – the way he fleshes out these plot points – is like what you'd find in a TV serial...there's no flavour in the lines. There's no life in the performances."
Ratings
The film which had a direct TV premiere on Sun TV garnered a viewership of 13.284 million impressions and a rating of 17.05 TVR becoming the most watched Tamil television program in that week.
References
External links
2021 action drama films
2021 television films
Action television films
Drama television films
Films directed by M. Muthaiah
Films not released in theaters due to the COVID-19 pandemic
Films shot in Madurai
Indian action drama films
Indian television films
2020s masala films
2020s Tamil-language films
2021 films
Mansour Eid () (1944–2013) was a Lebanese writer, novelist, researcher and poet. Born in Bteddine El Loqch, a village of the Jezzine district in southern Lebanon on the 12th of February 1944. He completed his secondary studies in Our Lady of Mashmoushe School. He received a degree in Philosophical & Social Studies from Arab Beirut University and a degree in Arabic Literature from the Lebanese University and a PHD degree in Arabic Literature from Saint Joseph University.
He started off his career teaching Arabic language and literature as well as Philosophy in a number of Lebanese schools, until he became a full-time faculty member at Notre Dame University - Louaize, earning the title of Professor and getting appointed the Chairperson of the Social and Behavioral Sciences Department. He remained in this post until his death in 2013.
His early works mainly consisted of short stories, but then diversified into essays, research and novels (starting with The Phoenix Bird in 1998). Two of his major research works concerned the Lebanese writers, Boulos Salameh, and Emily Nasrallah.
He also wrote a collection of poems, (The Vineyards' Melodies) which has won the Said Fayad Literary Prize in year 2007.
Dr. Mansour Eid received numerous awards for his novels and research as well as being elected a founding member of the International Committee for teaching Arabic to non-speakers in Yarmouk University Jordan.
After his death, in November 2013, the internal square of the faculty of Humanities at Notre Dame University was named after him (Notre Dame University Commemorates Dr. Mansour Eid), and in July 2014 was inaugurated in Lady of Mashmoushe Monastery a museum dedicated to the authors and poets of the region of Jezzine, holding Dr. Mansour Eid's name.
Education
(1985) Doctorate in Arabic Language and Literature, Saint Joseph University
(1979) M.A. in Arabic Language and Literature, Lebanese University
(1975) B.A. in Arabic Language and Literature, Lebanese University
(1969) B.A. in Philosophy and Social Studies, Arab University of Beirut
Publications
Novels
(2008) ‘'Kherbit Massoud'' (Massoud's Cottage)
(2007) ‘'Shararat Al Ramad'' (Sparkling Ember)
(2005) ‘'Ghadan Yozher El Sakej'' (The Snow Will Blossom Tomorrow)
(1998) ‘'Ta'er Al Fineeq'' (The Phoenix Bird) (with a French translation – 2007)
Short Stories
(1992) ‘'Rawdat Al Hourouf Wa Hadiqat Al Kalimat‘' (The Vale of Letters Garden of Words)
(1991) ‘'Wa Baadik Ya Beirut'' (Beirut Here You Are)
(1991) ‘'Wafa'‘'(Fidelity)
(1990) ‘'Souwar Min Al Hayat'' (Pictures from Life)
(1989) ‘'Beirut Hal Tazkoureen'' (Beirut Do You Remember)
(1988) ‘'Douroub Wa Atyaf‘'(Roads and Shadows)
(1986) ‘'Majaneen Aliha'' (Mad Gods)
(1985) ‘'Awraq Fi Al Zakira'' (Papers in the Memory)
(1983) ‘'Ghourabaa‘'(Strangers)
Studies & Essays
(2013) ‘'Rihlat Al Noussous''(The Journey of Texts)
(2011) ‘'Alshark w Al-Gharb'' (East and West)
(2006) ''Rouwwad Lubnaniyyoun''(Lebanese Leaders)
(2002) ''Twenty Fifth Anniversary of Boulos Salame's Death''
(1996) ''Al Mashyakha Fil Al Kanaes Al Mousliha''(studies for the Union of Churches / Middle East Church Syndicate)
(1995) ‘'Kalimat Min Al Hadara'' (Words from Civilization)
(1995) ‘'Qadaya Insaniyya Fi Riwayat Emily Nasrallah''(Humanitarian Issues in the Novels of Emily Nasrallah'')
(1992) ''Boulos Salameh Sha'ir Al Malahem Wal Alam''(Boulos Salame: Poet of Epics and Pain)
(1990) ''Al Moukhtassar Al Moufeed Fi Dirasat Al Noussous''(The Essential Guide for Studying Literature)
Children's Literature
(2001) The Rabbit and the Voyage into Dreamland (Children short stories volumes, issued in Arabic and English)
(1995) ‘'Al Khayyat Wa Abnaou'oh Al Thalatha‘'(The Tailor and His Three Sons)
(1993) ‘'Al Ameera Mira'' (Princess Mira)
(1993) ‘'Al Ameer Wal Roumanat Al Thalath‘' (The Prince and the Three Pomegranates).
(1992) ‘'Shajrat Al Saada'' (The Tree of Bliss)
(1992) ‘'Thoulathiyyat Kasser Al Thi'b Al Mouhtal‘' (Trilogy of Kasser the Cunning Wolf)
(1992) ‘'Shajrat Al Saada‘' (The Tree of Bliss)
(1990) ‘'Al Sayyad Al Moughamer'' (The Adventurous Hunter)
Poetry
(2007) ‘'Alhan al Kouroum'' (The Vineyards' Melodies). Winner of the Said Fayad Literary Prize.
Theater
Daydoun
Hekem Karakouch (Karakouch the Ruler)
Conference Proceedings
(2005) Centers and Resolutions for the Dialogue of Civilizations. Proceedings the Conference of Literature in Arab Universities. Egypt: Al Minya University.
(2005) The Pastoral Poet and the War of Civilizations. Proceedings Criticism Conference. Jordan: Jarash University.
(2004) Globalization and Education: Horizons of Excellence and Genius of the Seminar on Globalization and the Priorities of Education '04. Riyadh, King Saoud University, Faculty of Education.
(2003) The Place of the Arab Lebanese Literary Text in the Movement Interaction and Acculturation. Proceedings of the Fifth Conference on the Arabic Cultural Interaction and Acculturation, Jarash University, Jordan. Notre Dame University Press, Vol.9 (1), pp.5-15.
(2002) Ameen Rihani's “Khaled” between the Civilization of East and Proceedings of the Literature and Dialogue of Civilizations Conference '02. Of Damascus.
(2002) The Arabs Between Globalization and Human Rights. Scientific Conference (The Arab and the West) '02. Jarash, Jordan: Philadelphia
(2001) The Culture of the Arab Child and Audiovisual Challenges. Proceedings of the Twentieth Conference of the Union of Arab Authors.
(2001) The Feminist Movement in the Lebanese Novel. Proceedings Nineteenth Conference of the Union of Arab Authors in Tripoli West, Libya, Palma Journal, Beirut: Notre Dame University Press. Vol.7 (2), pp. 5–16.
(1998) Computers and Teaching the Arabic Language for Non-Native Proceedings of the First International Conference for the Teaching of the Arabic for Non-Native Speakers. Irbid, Jordan: Yarmouk University.
References
1944 births
Lebanese novelists
Notre Dame University–Louaize faculty
Lebanese University alumni
Beirut Arab University alumni
Saint Joseph University alumni
2013 deaths
Yarmouk University
The Journal of International Students is a quarterly, peer-reviewed, academic journal covering research on international students in tertiary education, secondary education, and other educational settings that make significant contributions to research, policy, and practice in the internationalization of education worldwide. JIS is part of the Star Scholars Network's Open Journals in Education
Publication history
The Journal of International Students (JIS) was established in 2011 and is published on the Open Journals in Education (OJED) network by Krishna Bista while at Arkansas State University, now at Morgan State University. and the editor-in-chief is Chris R. Glass of Old Dominion University
Abstracting and indexing
The Journal of International Students (JIS) is abstracted and indexed in Scopus. JIS is a Gold Open Access journal.
References
External links
Quarterly journals
English-language journals
Routledge academic journals
Education journals
Publications established in 2011
2011 establishments in the United States
The Brass Monkey Half Marathon is an annual road running event held outside York, United Kingdom. The event is organised by the York Knavesmire Harriers club and has been run since the early 1980s. In the early years the event was a contest for club runners but has expanded over its three decades attracting some of the country's elite runners, these include Olympians Angela Tooby-Smith and Tracey Morris, and international ultra-runner Carolyn Hunter-Rowe. Despite the winter location of the race, it attracted a 1500 strong field in 2014 and 2016.
Course
The race starts and finishes at York Racecourse, the course is on roads passing through Bishopthorpe, Acaster Selby, Appleton Roebuck and returning through Bishopthorpe.
Past winners
1985-1998 Results from "SQUARE WASPS"
References
External links
Official Site
ARRS Race series
Half marathons in the United Kingdom
Athletics competitions in the United Kingdom
Recurring sporting events established in 1982
1982 establishments in the United Kingdom
Annual sporting events in the United Kingdom
as-Sura is a Palestinian village located fifteen kilometers south-west of Hebron. The village is in the Hebron Governorate Southern West Bank. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, the village had a population of 1,925 in 2007. The primary health care facilities for the village are obtained at Imreish where they are designated by the Ministry of Health as level 1.
Footnotes
External links
Survey of Western Palestine, Map 21: IAA, Wikimedia commons
As Sura Village (fact sheet), Applied Research Institute–Jerusalem, ARIJ
As Sura village profile, ARIJ
As Sura aerial photo, ARIJ
The priorities and needs for development in As Sura village based on the community and local authorities' assessment, ARIJ
Villages in the West Bank
Hebron Governorate
Municipalities of the State of Palestine
This is a list of villages in Mahua block, Vaishali district, Bihar state, India.
See also
List of villages in Vaishali district
References
Lists of villages in Vaishali district
Mahua
Indian Run may refer to:
Streams and tributaries
Indian Run (Delaware County, Ohio), a stream
Indian Run (Muskingum River tributary), a stream in Ohio
Indian Run (Little Schuylkill River), a stream in Pennsylvania
Indian Run (Neshannock Creek tributary), a stream in Pennsylvania
Indian Run (Hughes River), a stream in West Virginia
Populated place
Indian Run, Mercer County, Pennsylvania, a populated place
See also
Indian Creek (disambiguation)
Indian Brook (disambiguation)
Indian River (disambiguation)
Indian Stream (disambiguation)
Dinesh C. Paliwal (born December 17, 1957) is an Indian American business executive. He was the president and chief executive officer (CEO) of Harman International, a provider of audio and infotainment systems for the automotive, consumer, and professional markets, from 2007 to 2020. Paliwal currently serves on Harman's board of directors.
Paliwal also serves as a member of the boards of Nestlé, the Fortune Global 100 food and beverage company, and the boards of Bristol-Myers Squibb and Raytheon Company, both Fortune 200 organizations.
He has served on the boards TYCO International, ADT and Embarq Corporation and is a member of the CEO Business Roundtable, the U.S.-India CEO Forum and serves on the board of the U.S. India Business Council (USIBC). He had previously served as Chairman of the National Foreign Trade Council, ABB India Ltd., Lummus Global (an oil and gas technology company) and as a Director for the US China Business Council, and International Swimming Hall of Fame. He also served for three years as Economic Advisor to the Governor of Guangdong Province, China.
Education and career
Paliwal, a US citizen born, raised and educated in India, has lived and worked in Australia, China, India, Singapore, Switzerland, and the United States. He earned an MS degree in Engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology (Roorkee, India); MS in Applied Science and Engineering and MBA in Finance from Miami University (Oxford, Ohio). In 2019, the board of trustees of Miami University also conferred an honorary Doctor of Laws degree to Dinesh for his ongoing efforts and contributions toward advancing the University's leadership in business, technology, innovation and entrepreneurial endeavors. Before joining Harman he worked at the ABB Group as President Global Markets and Technology. During his 22 years with ABB, he held management positions in five countries and was instrumental in the company's turnaround during the period 2002–2007.
In 2010, Paliwal was named Metro New York Entrepreneur of the Year by Ernst and Young, and received the Indian American Achiever Award by the Global Organization of People of Indian Origin (GOPIO). He received the Pinnacle Award as one of the Outstanding 50 Asian Americans in Business 2012 by Asian American Business Development Center. In 2014, Fortune Magazine named Paliwal in their "Businessperson of the Year" list. He was honored by the T. J. Martell Foundation in 2015 and also by Breakthrough, a global nonprofit, for his contributions in advancing women's causes in 2016. In 2017, Paliwal was named to the inaugural Recode 100, recognizing the year's most influential people in tech, business and media, and B'nai B'rith International honored him with its Distinguished Achievement Award. In the same year, Paliwal also received the Ellis Island Medal of Honor and made a donation to Miami University's Farmer School of Business along with his wife to create the Dinesh and Ila Paliwal Innovation Chair and the Dinesh and Ila Paliwal Scholarship.
Samsung announced its intent to acquire HARMAN for approximately $8 billion in November 2016, with Paliwal continuing to lead the company post-acquisition. The transaction was completed in March 2017.
Paliwal stepped down on April 1, 2020 after nearly 13 years with the company as President and CEO of Harman and served as a Senior Advisor to the board of directors and to the new CEO, Michael Mauser, until December 2020. The last ten years Paliwal tripled Harman's revenue.
Early life
Paliwal was born on December 17, 1957 in Agra, India as one of seven children in a family of modest means. He married Ila Sharma after attending University of Roorkee. Paliwal's father, Ram Chandra Paliwal, was a nationally renowned social leader who worked closely with Mahatma Gandhi and other leaders in India's freedom movement. He obtained an engineering degree with merit from the University of Roorkee (now renamed as the Indian Institute of Technology, Roorkee), India. He was later awarded a full scholarship to pursue advanced degrees in Engineering and Management at Miami University, Oxford, Ohio, USA.
Paliwal left India in 1981, but still visits frequently with his family and for business activities. His wife, son and daughter are all accomplished musicians.
References
External links
Harman profile
1957 births
Living people
Indian emigrants to the United States
Miami University alumni
IIT Roorkee alumni
People from Agra
American chief executives
People from Stamford, Connecticut
Harman International
20th-century American businesspeople
21st-century American businesspeople
American people of Indian descent
Chief executives in the technology industry
American technology chief executives
Duffield is a civil parish in the Amber Valley district of Derbyshire, England. The parish contains 40 listed buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England. Of these, one is listed at Grade I, the highest of the three grades, one is at Grade II*, the middle grade, and the others are at Grade II, the lowest grade. The parish contains the village of Duffield and the surrounding area. Most of the listed buildings are houses, cottages and associated structures. The other listed buildings include churches and chapels, bridges, mileposts, buildings in Duffield Cemetery, and a war memorial.
Key
Buildings
References
Citations
Sources
Lists of listed buildings in Derbyshire
Savski gaj (English: Sava's grove) is a neighborhood in Novi Zagreb - zapad district (New Zagreb - West) of Zagreb. It is surrounded by five other quarters: Kajzerica (north, northwest), Lanište (west), Remetinec (southwest), Sveta Klara (south, southeast) and Trokut (east, northeast). It has a population of 5,113 (2011).
The quarter is made of one apartment block of 16 floors, around eleven smaller blocks and many small houses. Savski gaj has a bus stop, and a tram station. Savski gaj can be accessed from Dubrovnik avenue, Trokut, Sveta Klara, Remetinec and Lanište. Bus stop can be accessed by walking, but to access the nearest tram station one has to go through an underground passage, which leads under the Dubrovnik Avenue.
References
External links
novizagreb.net
Neighbourhoods of Zagreb
Novi Zagreb
The 1977 Pacific hurricane season stands alongside 2010 as the least active Pacific hurricane season since reliable records began in 1971. Only eight tropical storms formed throughout the year; four further intensified into hurricanes, yet none strengthened into major hurricanes—a Category 3 or stronger on the Saffir–Simpson scale—an occurrence not seen again until 2003. Most tropical cyclones remained over the open eastern Pacific; however, the remnants of hurricanes Doreen and Heather led to heavy rainfall which damaged or destroyed structures and flooded roadways throughout the Southwest United States. Notably, Hurricane Anita which originally formed in the Gulf of Mexico made the rare trek across Mexico into the eastern Pacific, briefly existing as a tropical depression. Eight deaths were recorded while damage reached $39.6 million (1977 USD).
Seasonal summary
The 1977 Pacific hurricane season was an inactive season, with the first cyclone forming on May 26 and the final system dissipating on October 23. Only eight named storms were documented throughout the year. Of those eight, four intensified into hurricanes, and none became major hurricanes, defined as Category 3 storms or stronger on the Saffir–Simpson scale. The number of tropical storms and major hurricanes stood solely as record lows until tied by 2010 and 2003, respectively.
Additionally, the Accumulated Cyclone Energy (ACE) index for the season (Eastern Pacific and Central Pacific combined) as calculated by Colorado State University using data from the National Hurricane Center was 22.3 units. This ranked the season as the quietest Norheastern Pacific basin season on record. The low activity seen in the East Pacific was a common occurrence around the globe in 1977, with the fewest tropical cyclones worldwide, at 69, until 2010 recorded one fewer. May, June, July, and August all saw one named storm per month, with one hurricane each in the latter two months. September was more active with three named storms, of which one became a Category 2 hurricane. The season came to an end in October with one named storm which intensified into a hurricane. Despite the record low number of tropical storms, numerous short-lived tropical depressions existed throughout the eastern Pacific in 1977; like most of the other cyclones, however, these caused little or no impact to land.
Systems
Tropical Storm Ava
An area of disturbed weather first formed within a larger thunderstorm complex well south-southwest of Acapulco, Mexico, early on May 24. It moved northwest and slowly organized, becoming a tropical depression by 00:00 UTC on May 26 and further intensifying into Tropical Storm Ava approximately twelve hours later. The system remained over warm waters as it moved west and then north, allowing Ava to reach a peak intensity of 65 mph (100 km/h) early on May 28. A series of subsequent reconnaissance aircraft missions documented an incomplete eye in association with the storm, although this organization soon began to fade amidst increasing wind shear and cooler ocean temperatures. Ava weakened to a tropical depression around 18:00 UTC on May 29 and dissipated less than 24 hours later.
Tropical Storm Bernice
A tropical disturbance was first identified early on June 25 well southwest of Acapulco, Mexico. It quickly organized into a tropical depression twelve hours later while moving west-northwest. After strengthening into Tropical Storm Bernice around 12:00 UTC on June 26, the cyclone was restricted from further development by the entrainment of low-level clouds from the north. Instead, Bernice transitioned into an extratropical cyclone early on June 28.
Hurricane Claudia
A tropical disturbance, embedded within a larger area of convective activity, formed early on July 1 while well south of Acapulco, Mexico. On a westward heading, the disturbance coalesced into a tropical depression by 00:00 UTC on June 3 and strengthened into Tropical Storm Claudia six hours later. Rapid development ensued thereafter as an eye became evident on satellite imagery, and Claudia attained its peak intensity as a strong Category 1 hurricane with winds of 90 mph (150 km/h) early on July 4. Progression over colder waters caused the system to weaken below hurricane strength by 00:00 UTC on July 5, coincident with the eye becoming obscured on satellite. The cyclone was downgraded to a tropical depression around 00:00 UTC on July 7, and it ultimately dissipated six hours later.
Hurricane Doreen
A tropical disturbance first formed early on August 11. It drifted west and organized into a tropical depression around 00:00 UTC on August 13 before intensifying into Tropical Storm Doreen a little under a day later. Data from a reconnaissance aircraft was used to upgrade the system to a Category 1 hurricane with winds of 75 mph (120 km/h) around 18:00 UTC on August 14; this constituted the storm's peak strength. Doreen turned north-northwest thereafter, briefly drifting onshore the coastline of Baja California near San Carlos as a minimal hurricane. It continued generally northwestward, weakening to a tropical storm around 06:00 UTC on August 16 before making a second landfall around Punta Eugenia, Baja California Sur six hours later. Colder waters caused the system to fall to tropical depression intensity early on August 17 and dissipate around 00:00 UTC the next day while located just south of California.
As Doreen moved parallel to the southwestern coastline of Mexico, it produced heavy rainfall there, with accumulations peaking at 14.80 inches (375.9 mm) near the Los Cabos Municipality. Farther northwest, Mexicali, Baja California was particularly hard-hit, with more than 2,000 people left homeless after their shanty-style homes were demolished by the rain. Despite dissipating as a tropical cyclone, the remnants of Doreen continued into the Southwest United States, resulting in maximum rainfall accumulations of 7.45 inches (189 mm) in the San Jacinto Mountains of California. Approximately 325 homes and businesses throughout the desert Southwest were destroyed, and several roads were covered or washed out by floodwater across California and Arizona. Throughout San Diego, California and nearby Imperial County, the storm accrued $25 million in crop damage. Extensive damage to streets, washes, levees, and dikes occurred throughout the Mohave Valley, particularly in Bullhead City, Arizona, where more than 50 people were evacuated and over 12 homes and businesses were heavily damaged. Strong thunderstorms, with winds reaching up to 60 mph (95 km/h), downed trees and caused intermittent power outages in Palm Springs, California. Farther east in Las Vegas, Nevada, meanwhile, less than 2 inches (51 mm) of rain flooded major intersections and caused roofs to collapse. Throughout the region, eight people were reported dead.
Tropical Depression Eleven
On August 29, a tropical depression formed over the Gulf of Mexico and tracked slowly west. It quickly strengthened, becoming named as Anita 18 hours later, and reaching hurricane strength within 30 hours of formation. It eventually achieved Category 5 status before striking northern Mexico on September 2. The mountainous terrain of Mexico nearly caused Anita to dissipate; however, its circulation survived the crossing and emerged over the Pacific on September 3 as a tropical depression. The system featured 300 miles (485 km) wide area of convection and traveled west in response to a ridge over Baja California. The depression traversed Islas Marías and soon moved over cooler waters, prompting weakening. Lacking thermal support, the depression degenerated into a remnant low on September 3 off the southern tip of Baja California Sur.
Tropical Storm Emily
Emily first began as a disturbance early on September 12. It moved west-northwest and developed into a tropical depression around 00:00 UTC on September 13. Surface observations from nearby ships were used to upgrade the depression to a tropical storm twelve hours later. Despite persistent, deep convective activity, a trek over colder waters prevented Emily from further intensifying, and the system instead transitioned into an extratropical cyclone around 12:00 UTC on September 14.
Hurricane Florence
The strongest cyclone of the 1977 season began as a tropical disturbance over the open eastern Pacific. It developed into a tropical depression around 12:00 UTC on September 20 and strengthened into Tropical Storm Florence twelve hours later. The newly-formed system moved west-northwest until reaching hurricane strength by 00:00 UTC on September 22, at which point Florence sharply curved toward the north-northeast. With a well-defined eye on satellite imagery, the storm reached peak winds of 105 mph (165 km/h) around 18:00 UTC on September 22, a Category 2 hurricane. Florence accelerated over increasingly cool ocean temperatures, causing it to weaken to a tropical storm early on September 23, weaken to a tropical depression early on September 24, and transition to an extratropical cyclone by 12:00 UTC that day.
Tropical Storm Glenda
Tropical Storm Glenda formed around 00:00 UTC on September 24 from a previously established area of disturbed weather well southwest of Acapulco. The storm did not intensify beyond minimal tropical storm strength and instead fell to tropical depression strength around 00:00 UTC on September 25. A north to northwestward forward motion brought the cyclone over progressively cooler waters, and it transitioned to an extratropical cyclone by 06:00 UTC on September 27 while located near Punta Eugenia, Baja California Sur.
Hurricane Heather
The final named storm of the season began as a tropical disturbance late on October 3. It moved west-northwest, organizing into a tropical depression around 00:00 UTC on October 4 and further intensifying into Tropical Storm Heather six hours thereafter. A sprawling storm, Heather reached hurricane strength early on October 5 and attained peak winds of 85 mph (140 km/h) by 12:00 UTC that day. A turn toward the north-northwest, however, brought the storm over increasingly cool waters, prompting a weakening trend. Heather fell to tropical storm strength late on October 6 and further to a tropical depression by 12:00 UTC as its low- and mid-level circulations became dislocated, marking an end to its time as a tropical cyclone.
The remnants continued into Arizona, where measurable rainfall peaked at 8.30 in (211 mm), with unspecified reports of up to 14 inches (356 mm) in mountainous locales. As a result, the Santa Cruz River near Tucson witnessed its highest discharge since at least 1892, and the San Pedro River saw its sixth-highest crest since 1913. At least 16,000 acres (6,500 hectares) of farmland were inundated, and about 90 homes were damaged mainly near Nogales, Arizona, though some property damage occurred throughout Amado, Green Valley, and Sahuarita as well. In addition, about 175 families were evacuated from Nogales; in the aftermath of the rains, residents were asked to conserve water after the city's wells were inundated with mud and rendered unusable. Two bridges were destroyed while an additional twelve to fifteen were damaged, in addition to telephone lines and other utilities. Damage equated to about $14.6 million.
Other systems
Despite the season featuring the lowest number of tropical storms on record at the time, there were numerous tropical depressions that failed to intensify into named storms. The first two tropical depressions existed from May 25–30 and from May 30–June 1, both west of the Honduras–Nicaragua border. Tropical depressions Six and Seven occurred in quick succession from July 8–9 and July 9–10, respectively. Tropical Depression Eight occurred solely on July 25, while Tropical Depression Nine existed from August 1–2. Yet another cyclone existed from September 3–4, while the seventeenth and final unnamed system formed on October 22 and dissipated on the next day.
Storm names
The following list of names was used for named storms that formed in the Eastern North Pacific in 1977. This is the same list used in the 1973 season. This is also the final year that this list was used, as the practice of using all-female names for tropical cyclones was replaced with a mixture of male and female names beginning in 1978.
See also
List of Pacific hurricanes
Pacific hurricane season
1977 Atlantic hurricane season
1977 Pacific typhoon season
1977 North Indian Ocean cyclone season
Southern Hemisphere tropical cyclone seasons: 1976–77, 1977–78
Timeline of the 1977 Pacific hurricane season
Notes
References
External links
Central Pacific Hurricane Center archive
Pacific hurricane seasons
Articles which contain graphical timelines
Rahela Raheela Perveen is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013.
Political career
She was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-78 (Faisalabad-IV) as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) in 2008 Pakistani general election. He received 79,127 votes and defeated Rajab Ali Khan Baloch.
In June 2012, she was inducted into the federal cabinet of Prime Minister Raja Pervaiz Ashraf and was appointed as Minister of State for Science and Technology where she continued to serve until March 2013.
References
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Year of birth missing (living people)
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Walloon municipality Mettet. This list is part of Belgium's national heritage.
|}
See also
List of protected heritage sites in Namur (province)
References
Belgian heritage register: Direction générale opérationnelle - Aménagement du territoire, Logement, Patrimoine et Energie (DG4)
www.dglive.be
Mettet
Mettet
The Byron Company is a New York City photography studio in Manhattan that was founded in 1892. It is "one of New York's pre-eminent commercial photography studios" that "documented the essence of New York City life". Percy Byron, the son of the founder, was "the premier maritime photography of his generation".
History
Joseph Byron was born in London in 1847 to a commercial photographer, and he opened the Byron Company in Manhattan in 1892. He took on as his partner his son, Percy Claude Byron. Since 1917 Percy specialized in maritime photography and lived on Staten Island. Byron died in 1923, and Percy died in 1959. In 1942 Percy closed the family studio because of World War II. He then went to work for the Essex Art Engraving Company of Newark, New Jersey until he retired in December 1958 because of his ill health.
Legacy
The descendants operate as Byron Photography with 7th generation photographer, Thomas Byron and his son, 8th generation photographer, Mark Byron.
Archive
24,175 photos at the Museum of the City of New York taken between 1890 and 1942.
References
External links
1892 establishments in New York (state)
1892 in New York City
19th century in Manhattan
American companies established in 1892
Mass media companies established in 1892
Photographic studios
Photography companies of the United States
Minusu Buba (born September 8, 1985) is a Nigerian football striker who plays for Iraq Division One club Al-Sinaa.
Career
Minusu scored 6 goals for Asmant Assiut in the 2005–06 Egyptian Premier League season.
Buba joined Ittihad El-Shorta (a.k.a. Police Union) in January 2009 from ENPPI. He enjoyed an extremely successful season with his new team in 2009–10. Buba scored 14 league goals that season and was crowned the league top scorer.
Honors
Clubs
Al-Shorta
Iraqi Premier League: 2012–13
Individual
Egyptian Premier League Top Scorer: 2009–10
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
Nigerian footballers
Association football forwards
Nigerian expatriate sportspeople in Egypt
Nigerian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Egypt
Ittihad El Shorta SC players
Al-Shorta SC players
Egyptian Premier League players
The Visa-Bikar 2005 was the forty-sixth season of the Icelandic national football cup. It started on May 17, 2005 and concluded with the Final held on September 24, 2005. The winners qualified for the first qualifying round of the UEFA Cup 2006–07.
First round
1 Match awarded 3–0 to Augnablik. Originally 4–2 to Africa.
Second round
Third round
Fourth round
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Final
External links
RSSSF Page
2005 domestic association football cups
2005 in Icelandic football
2005
Starting in the 1990s, the city of San Francisco, and the surrounding San Francisco Bay Area have faced a serious affordable housing shortage, such that by October 2015, San Francisco had the highest rents of any major US city. The nearby city of San Jose, had the fourth highest rents, and adjacent Oakland, had the sixth highest. Over the period April 2012 to December 2017, the median house price in most counties in the Bay Area nearly doubled. Late San Francisco mayor Ed Lee called the shortage a "housing crisis", and news reports stated that addressing the shortage was the mayor's "top priority". The Bay Area's housing shortage is related to the California housing shortage.
Strict zoning regulations are a primary cause behind the housing shortage in San Francisco. Historically, zoning regulations were implemented to restrict housing construction in wealthy neighborhoods, as well as prevent people of color from moving into white neighborhoods. When explicit racial discrimination was prohibited with the 1968 Fair Housing Act, white neighborhoods began instituting zoning regulations that heavily prioritized single-family housing and prohibited construction of the kinds of housing that poor minorities could afford.
Causes
Since the 1960s, San Francisco and the surrounding Bay Area have enacted strict zoning regulations. Among other restrictions, San Francisco does not allow buildings over 40 feet tall in most of the city, and has passed laws making it easier for neighbors to block developments. Partly as a result of these codes, from 2007 to 2014, the Bay Area issued building permits for only half the number of needed houses, based on the area's population growth. During the same time, there was rapid economic growth of the high tech industry in San Francisco and nearby Silicon Valley, which created hundreds of thousands of new jobs. The resultant high demand for housing, combined with the lack of supply, (caused by severe restrictions on the building of new housing units) caused dramatic increases in rents and extremely high housing prices. For example, from 2012 to 2016, the San Francisco metropolitan area added 373,000 new jobs, but permitted only 58,000 new housing units.
Vacancies have also been highlighted as an issue in San Francisco and nearby cities, with Curbed estimating in 2019 that "San Francisco has nearly five empty homes per homeless resident."
Effects
The city of San Francisco has strict rent control laws. However, a California state law called the Ellis Act allows landlords to evict rent-controlled tenants by going out of business, and fully exiting the rental market. By 2013, hundreds of tenants had been evicted through the Ellis Act process.
Due to the advances of the city's economy from the increase of tourism, the boom of innovative tech companies, and insufficient new housing production, the rent increased by more than 50 percent by the 1990s. Many affluent tech workers migrated to San Francisco in pursuit of job opportunities and the lack of housing in the South Bay. Until the end of the 1960s, San Francisco had affordable housing, which allowed people from many different backgrounds to settle down, but the economic shift impacted the city's demographics. All of this resulted in constant gentrification of many neighborhoods. By 1995, residents of areas such as the Tenderloin and The Mission District, which house many immigrants and low-income families, were faced with the possibility of eviction, in order to develop low-income housing to more luxurious housing, which caters to the advances of the economy. For example, residents of the Mission District, constituting 5 percent of the city's population, experienced 14 percent of the citywide evictions in the year 2000.
The effect of housing policies has been to discourage migration to California, especially San Francisco and other coastal areas, as the California Legislative Analyst's Office 2015 report "California's High Housing Costs - Causes and Consequences" details: [From 1980-2010]
"If California had added 210,000 new housing units each year over the past three decades (as opposed to 120,000), [enough to keep California's housing prices no more than 80% higher than the median for the U.S. as a whole--the price differential which existed in 1980] population would be much greater than it is today.
We estimate that around 7 million additional people would be living in California.
In some areas, particularly the Bay Area, population increases would be dramatic. For example,
San Francisco's population would be more than twice as large (1.7 million people versus around 800,000)."
On this issue, New York Times opinion writer Farhad Manjoo stated in 2019: "What Republicans want to do with I.C.E. and border walls, wealthy progressive Democrats are doing with zoning and Nimbyism. Preserving “local character,” maintaining “local control,” keeping housing scarce and inaccessible — the goals of both sides are really the same: to keep people out."
Responses
Housing has become a key political issue in Bay Area elections. In November 2015, San Francisco voters rejected two ballot propositions both of which were claimed by their supporters to reduce the crisis. The first, Proposition F, would have enacted a number of restrictions on Airbnb rentals within the city. The second, Proposition I or the "Mission Moratorium", would have blocked all housing development in San Francisco's Mission District for 18 months, except for developments in which every apartment was subsidized at a below-market rate.
To address evictions, San Francisco City Supervisor David Campos (D9) passed two new city ordinances, each requiring landlords to pay tens of thousands of dollars to each tenant evicted under the Ellis Act. The first ordinance was struck down in 2014 as unconstitutional under the Fifth Amendment, while the second was rejected the following yer as contrary to California state law.
Mayor Ed Lee responded to the shortage by calling for the construction of 30,000 new housing units by 2020, and proposing a $310 million city bond to fund below-market-rate housing units. The goal of 30,000 new units was approved by San Francisco voters in 2014's Proposition K, and the affordable housing bond was passed in 2015 as Proposition A.
In 2015, then City Supervisor Scott Wiener (D8) criticized the advocates of anti-development laws, writing an article titled "Yes, Supply & Demand Apply to Housing, Even in San Francisco" in response to Proposition I. Wiener called for greatly increasing the supply of all housing, including both subsidized housing and housing at market rate.
In 2021, the Board of Supervisors is scheduled to discuss a proposal to allow slightly greater density by legalizing fourplexes on corner lots, and any lot within half a mile from a train station. As of 2017, almost 75% of all city land zoned residential allows only single-family homes or duplexes. David Garcia, policy director of the Terner Center for Housing Innovation at UC Berkeley, said that a proposal to allow fourplexes everywhere would be a more equitable proposal, and that research shows that the housing shortage is so large that limiting new housing to specific areas would not sufficiently address the shortage.
See also
California housing shortage
Access to affordable housing in the Silicon Valley
References
Housing in California
2010s in San Francisco
Buildings and structures in the San Francisco Bay Area
2000s in San Francisco
1990s in San Francisco
Economy of the San Francisco Bay Area
History of the San Francisco Bay Area
The Ground Forces Command at Victory Base Complex near Baghdad Airport was the most important fighting formation in the Iraqi Army. The headquarters of the Iraqi Ground Forces Command and the Iraqi Joint Forces Command are the same entity.
Since 2006, and probably up to U.S. withdrawal in 2011, the Ground Forces Command has supervised the bulk of the military units of the army.
History
From 2003 until 2006, the units of the reforming Iraqi Army were under U.S. Army operational control. Their formation had been managed by the Coalition Military Assistance Training Team, which then became part of Multi-National Security Transition Command – Iraq. After they became operational, they had been transferred to the operational control of Multi-National Corps Iraq or one of its subordinate formations.
On May 3, 2006 a significant command-and-control development took place. The Iraqi Army command and control center opened in a ceremony at the IFGC headquarters at Camp Victory. The IGFC was established to exercise command and control of assigned Iraqi Army forces and, upon assuming Operational Control, to plan and direct operations to defeat the Iraqi insurgency. At the time, the IFGC was commanded by Lt. Gen. Abdul-Qadar. The JHQ-AST (Joint Headquarters Advisory Support Team) had been established in 2004 to guide the IGFC/IJFHQ through this process. The JHQ-AST was a subordinate element of MNSTC-I. The Advisory Support Team's mission was described as to 'mentor and assist the Iraqi Joint Headquarters in order to become capable of exercising effective national command and control of the Iraqi Armed Forces, contributing to the capability development process, and contributing to improving the internal security situation within Iraq in partnership with coalition forces.'
In 2006 the ten planned divisions began to be certified and assume battlespace responsibility: the 6th and 8th before June 26, 2006, the 9th on June 26, 2006, the 5th on July 3, 2006, the 4th on August 8, 2006, and the 2nd on December 21, 2006.
After divisions were certified, they began to be transferred from U.S. operational control to Iraqi control of the IGFC. On 7 September 2006, Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki signed a document taking control of Iraq's small naval and air forces and the 8th Division of the Iraqi Army, based in the south.
At a ceremony marking the occasion, Gen. George Casey, the top U.S. commander in Iraq stated "From today forward, the Iraqi military responsibilities will be increasingly conceived and led by Iraqis." Previously, the U.S.-led Multi-National Force Iraq, commanded by Casey, gave orders to the Iraqi armed forces through a joint American-Iraqi headquarters and chain of command. Senior U.S. and coalition officers controlled army divisions but smaller units were commanded by Iraqi officers. After the handover, the chain of command flows directly from the prime minister in his role as Iraqi commander in chief, through his Defense Ministry to an Iraqi military headquarters, the Iraqi Joint Forces Command. From there, the orders go to Iraqi units on the ground. The other nine Iraqi divisions remain under U.S. command, with authority gradually being transferred.
U.S. military officials said there was no specific timetable for the transition. U.S. military spokesman Maj. Gen. William Caldwell said it would be up to al-Maliki to decide "how rapidly he wants to move along with assuming control. ... They can move as rapidly thereafter as they want. I know, conceptually, they've talked about perhaps two divisions a month."
After the 8th Division's transfer on September 7, 2006, the 3rd Division was transferred on December 1, 2006. Another unspecified division also was transferred to IGFC control.
Also transferred to the Iraqi chain of command were smaller logistics units: on November 1, 2006, the 5th Motor Transport Regiment (MTR) was the fifth of nine MTRs to be transferred to the Iraqi Army divisions. 2007 plans included, MNF-I said, great efforts to make the Iraqi Army able to sustain itself logistically.
Transfers of divisions to IGFC control continued in 2007: the 1st Division on February 15, the 10th Division on February 23, and the 7th Division on November 1. The new 14th Division also held its opening ceremony in Basrah on November 14, 2007.
Ministerial Order #151, dated 19 February 2008, directed that the brigades of all the divisions be renumbered sequentially. Instead of each division have 1st/2nd/3rd/4th Brigades, each brigade has a unique identifying number.
Staff organisation
M1: administration, personnel
M2: military intelligence, arms control, weather and military geography
M3: leadership, planning, operations, training and exercise planning for the Army
M4: Logistical Tasks / Materials Management / Maintenance
M5: Civil-Military Cooperation (CIMIC / CIMIC)
M6: Communications / IT / Management Service – Staff Maj. Gen. Saad, Iraqi Joint Headquarters M6
Forces under Command
The IGFC does not control all the fighting formations of the Iraqi Army. The Baghdad Operational Command reports separately to the National Operations Center.
"The 9th (Mechanized) Division has the entire army armoured (tank) capability. It is ethnically diverse. Some of the battalions of the 10th Division are manned by Shi'a militia."
It appears, from January 2010 reports, that the Operational Commands are to be the basis for future Iraqi Army corps.
Iraqi Ground Force Command (IGFC)
Nineveh Operational Command – Mosul
2nd Division – Mosul +
5 (Citadel) Motorized Bde
6 (Scorpions) Infantry (AAslt) Bde
7 Infantry Bde
8 Infantry Bde
2nd Motor Transport Regiment
3rd Motorised Division – Al-Kasik +
16th Division – (shared with Peshmerga) – 'Division number 16, which protects the area extending from Khaneqin to Ridar, and division number 15, which protects everything between Ridar, Badinan and Mosul, are under the command of the Iraqi Army and receive their military instructions from Baghdad. The rest of the border guard will be under the command of the regional presidency and the Kurdistan parliament. Each division comprises 14,750 fighters. The two divisions therefore make up 29,500 fighters.'
15th Division – (shared with Peshmerga)
Diyala Operational Command – Sulamaniyah, Diyala, Kirkuk, Salahadin
4th Motorised Division – Tikrit – certified and assumed responsibility for most of Salah ad Din Governorate and At-Ta'mim Governorate provinces, including the major cities Samarra and Tikrit, on August 8, 2006. The 4th Division's battalions are former ING units, recruited locally. It is ethnically diverse and has operational control of a number of Strategic Infrastructure Battalions protecting oil pipelines.
14th Motorised (AAslt) Bde (1-4),
15th (Eagles) Motorised Bde (2-4),
16th Infantry Bde (3-4),
4 Bde (Samara brigade) (forming; 17th Bde planned for summer 2008?)
4th Motor Transport Regiment
5th Infantry Division (Iron) – Diyala Governorate – Division is certified and assumed responsibility for the battle space on July 3, 2006. The 5th Division's brigade headquarters, and battalions were components of the NIA.
18th Infantry (AAslt) Bde (1-5)
19th (Desert Lions) Infantry (AAslt) Bde (former 2-5)
20th Motorised Bde (former 3-5)
21st Motorised Bde (former 4-5)
5th Motor Transport Regiment
12th Light Infantry Division – Tikrit (probably planned to become Mech)
Split off from 4 Div in mid-2008
46th Light Infantry Brigade (former 1 Strategic Infrastructure Bde)
47th Light Infantry Brigade (former 2 Strategic Infrastructure Bde)
48th Light Infantry Brigade (former 9 Strategic Infrastructure Bde)
49th Brigade (4-4).
Basrah Operational Command – Basrah
8th Commando Division – Diwaniyah – The 8th Division is composed of former ING units, some of which were formed as early as 2004, but the division headquarters did not assume control of its area of operations until January 2006. As of March 2007, the division commander was Maj. Gen. Othman Ali Farhood.
30th Commando (Mot) Brigade (Diwaniyah) (1-8)
31st Commando (Mot) Brigade (HQ Hillah) (former 2-8)
32nd Commando (Mot) Brigade (HQ Kut) (former 3-8)
33rd Commando (Mot) Brigade (HQ Hussaniyah (Karbala)) (4-8).
8th Field Engineer Regiment
8th Transport and Provisioning Regiment
10th Motorised Division – An Nasiriyah (Tallil) – On February 23, 2007, the 10th Division, at that time based in Basrah, was certified and operational responsibility was transferred to the IGFC. However, since that time, the 14th Division has been formed in Basrah and the 10th Division transferred north to An Nasiriyah. Division commander is General Abdul Al Lateef, as of November 2006.
38th Motorised Brigade (HQ Batria Airport, most battalions Al Amarah)(1-10)
39th Infantry Brigade (HQ Samawah) (2-10) – 2nd BN currently attached to the 8th DIV and operating in KHIDIR North BABIL
40th Motorised Brigade (3-10)
41st Motorised Brigade (Majaar al Kabir) – formed in November 2008 (fmr 4-10?)
10th Field Engineer Regiment
10th Transport and Provisioning Regiment (Nasiriyah (Camp Ur))
14th Motorised Division – Camp Wessam, Basrah
50th Motorised Brigade (Basrah)
51st Motorised Brigade (Basrah)
52nd Motorised Brigade (Basrah)
53rd Motorised Brigade (Basrah) – forming in mid-2008
14th Field Engineer Regiment (Basra (Shaibah))
14th Transport and Provisioning Regiment
Anbar Operational Command – Ramadi
1st Division – Fallujah –
1 Infantry Bde – Ramadi
2 Infantry Bde – Lake Tharthar
3 Motorized Bde – temporarily assigned to the 5th Division in Diyala
4 Bde – forming
7th Infantry Division – Ramadi, West Al Anbar Province – transferred to IGFC, November 1, 2007. The 7th Division was raised in early 2005 to replace the disbanded, Sunni-dominated ING units which proved unreliable.
26 Infantry Bde (former 1-7)
27 Infantry Bde (former 2-7)
28 Infantry Bde (former 3-7)
29th Brigade (opérational since 3 April 2008).
References
External links
Army units and formations of Iraq
Military units and formations established in 2006
The is an or (painted narrative handscroll) from the beginning of the 13th century, in the Kamakura period of Japanese history (1185–1333). An illuminated manuscript, it narrates in eight calligraphed and painted scrolls the life of and the construction of the shrine in his honour after his death.
Background
Originating in Japan in the sixth or seventh century through trade with the Chinese Empire, art spread widely among the aristocracy in the Heian period. An consists of one or more long rolls of paper narrating a story through texts and paintings. The reader discovers the story by progressively unrolling the scroll with one hand while rewinding it with the other hand, from right to left (according to the then horizontal writing direction of Japanese script), so that only a portion of text or image of about is visible.
The narrative of an assumes a series of scenes, the rhythm, composition and transitions of which are entirely the artist's sensitivity and technique. The themes of the stories were very varied: illustrations of novels, historical chronicles, religious texts, biographies of famous people, humorous or fantastic anecdotes, etc.
The Kamakura period, the advent of which followed a period of political turmoil and civil wars, was marked by the coming to power of the warrior class (the samurai). Artistic production was very strong, and more varied themes and techniques than before were explored, signalling the "golden age" of (the 12th and 13th centuries). Under the impetus of the new warrior class in power, evolved towards a more realistic and composite pictorial style.
Description
The narrates the life and death of (845–903), as well as his deification as and the foundation in his honour of the temple in Kyōto, an important Shinto shrine. In its original version, it consists of eight scrolls high and to long, although the end is unfinished. The first portion of the text in the original version includes a claim that it was painted in about 1219; that version is commonly referred to as the (or ) version, 1219 having been the first year of the era. The majority of studies of the work focus on the version, which is recognised as a National Treasure of Japan.
The narrative of the version is divided into four unequal parts. The first part relates the life of , a scholar and statesman who was influential in the court despite his humble origins, and who became a popular literary figure. Subsequently, the victim of a conspiracy orchestrated by Fujiwara no Tokihira, he was wrongly convicted and died in exile. From the start, he was credited with a divine origin, for he "appeared" as a child in his father's garden; the divine child remains a popular myth of Buddhism, referring to the historical Buddha. Later, his intellectual as well as physical capacities were emphasised, for example through the composition of poems or participation in archery. He died in 903.
In the second part of the version, the vengeful ghost of returns to earth after his death to torment the actors of the conspiracy, in the form of a god of thunder. Several incidents occur in the years following his death, in particular fires in the capital (Kyōto) and the deaths of his opponents; these misdeeds are swiftly attributed to the spirit of Michizane. More precisely, a priest named describes having conversed with him while he crossed the six realms of existence (), notably the underworld, before returning from the afterlife. Contrary to the original story, 's journey is recounted in detail, in a fantastic, even Dantesque way.
The court finally decided to build the shrine in Kyōto in 947 in honour of in order to calm his mind, a passage recounted in the third part of the work; he is worshipped there under the name of , a protective god of arts and letters. Finally, the last part relates various miracles related to the temple.
The narrative and context of the time suggest that the original work was created for spiritual purposes. The Buddhist school is particularly highlighted in it, so much so that the paintings probably had a didactic value, serving as a support for the teaching or the recitation of Buddhist legends. Sessions of explanation of religious paintings () were common in the Kamakura period. In addition, any such didactic aspect would also explain the unusually large height of the scroll and the large number of versions. The esoteric beliefs of the time may also suggest that its function was to appease tormented spirits.
Dating, author and sponsor
The story in the is based on a text (an , or story of the founding of a temple) said to have been written shortly before 1194, about 30 years prior to the version's creation.
Apart from an abandoned theory which attributed the version to Fujiwara no Nobuzane, no clues about the artist of the version have survived. However, the texts, present only in the first six scrolls, could be attributed in part to the sponsor, , according to .
donated the version to the shrine, probably to strengthen the political position of the Kujō family in the early 13th century (an unstable period).
Style and composition
The style of painting in the is characterised by bright colors and freedom of lines; sometimes even the outlines are omitted, using the technique of boneless painting (). The composition also plays on the differences of scale, as in the often depicted scene of the prayer of Michizane atop a mountain: he is shown is overly large to represent his strength of character, despite a humble posture that makes him an "allegorical figure of man". Realistic art characteristic of the Kamakura period is also displayed in the scenes of movement, such as the jostling or fleeing of a character.
Although Buddhism greatly inspired Japanese art at the time, the style of the is also linked to Shinto, resulting in greater freedom and humanity. This aspect is shown particularly in the landscapes, insisting on the details and the animist spirit, according to . The latter also notes in places the nervousness of the features, similar to the Song dynasty wash technique characteristic of Zen Buddhism.
However, Buddhist iconography remains heavily used, whether through the narration of the life of Michizane, modelled on the life of the historical Buddha, or the presence of Buddhist creatures, or the illustration of the six realms of existence. So, for example, the representation of the God of Thunder in the work is very similar to those of the statues of and at .
Historiographical value
Besides its historical and religious content, the offers insight into everyday life, not of the time of Michizane, but of that of the artist 300 years later. The latter painted, for example, various rites and birth ceremonies or the outfits of young monks in the temples.
A scene from the first part of the work shows a boat propelled by six rowers, testimony of medieval Japanese ships of which no example remains.
More generally, the architecture of the characters' habitats, their internal layout, the clothes, the festivities, the wooden bridges, the graves, the pets, the children who appear very frequently, and a multitude of other details are revealed by a study of the work by the Kanagawa University.
Legacy
Over thirty later versions of the can be identified, created especially during the 14th and 15th centuries, both by amateurs and by famous painters such as , because of the growing popularity of the cult of Tenjin.
Among the best known of the later versions of the work are the version (1278) by , whose light-coloured style would influence several later scrolls, as well as the version (1311) by and , a very elegant and decorative work, with several differences from the original version.
From the point of view of the narrative, the various versions are generally divided into three branches, according to the introductory sentence in each version:
in the first branch is the original version, as well as the and the scrolls (1319);
then come in particular the scrolls of the temples at (1298) and (1503); and
the last branch intersects with another version of the as well as the (1311).
The original version of the scroll also influenced other types of paintings, such as the famous Screens of the Thunder and Wind Gods by , as well as possibly other paintings depicting the ways of existence ( and ), in the form of a at the temple in Kyōto.
See also
List of National Treasures of Japan (paintings)
National Treasure (Japan)
References
Notes
Bibliography
External links
Emakimono
National Treasures of Japan
Persoonia silvatica, commonly known as the forest geebung, is a plant in the family Proteaceae and is endemic to south-eastern Australia. It is a shrub or tree with more or less lance-shaped leaves and small groups of yellow flowers with white centres. It grows mainly in forest near the border between New South Wales and Victoria.
Description
Persoonia silvatica is a shrub or small tree which grows to a height of with its young branches having a sparse covering of hair. The leaves are arranged alternately and are long and wide. They are narrow elliptic to lance-shaped, or narrow spatula-shaped to lance-shaped with the narrower end towards the base. They are flat and smooth, the upper surface a darker colour than the lower one, and the leaves are hairy when young but become glabrous as they age. The flowers are arranged in groups called racemes in leaf axils, or on the ends of branches, and some of the groups continue to grow into leafy shoots. Each flower is on a pedicel long which is sometimes hairy. The flower is composed of four yellow tepals long, which are fused at the base but with the tips rolled back. There is a spine up to long on the end of each tepal. The central style is surrounded by four white anthers which are also joined at the base with the tips rolled back, so that they resemble a cross when viewed end-on. The ovary at the base of the style is glabrous. Flowering occurs in summer and is followed by fruit which are green, oval-shaped drupes about long and wide.
Taxonomy and naming
Persoonia silvatica was first formally described in 1957 by botanist Lawrie Johnson based on plant material collected at Brown Mountain in New South Wales by Ernst Betche in 1893. The specific epithet (silvatica) is a Latin word meaning "of woods".
Distribution and habitat
Persoonia silvatica occurs in montane forest along the Great Dividing Range in East Gippsland and south-eastern New South Wales including localities Bendoc, the Errinundra Plateau, Mount Kaye and Howe Hill in Victoria and Monga, Tinderry Peak and Mount Currockbilly in New South Wales. Plants that are believed to be hybrids of this species with Persoonia confertiflora have been noted at Genoa in Victoria.
References
Flora of New South Wales
Flora of Victoria (Australia)
silvatica
Plants described in 1957
Tatyana Bocharova-Konichsheva (born 22 April 1983) is a Kazakhstani long and triple jumper.
She finished sixth at the 2002 World Junior Championships and won the bronze medal at the 2002 Asian Games. She also competed at the 2003 World Championships, the 2004 World Indoor Championships and the 2004 Olympic Games without reaching the finals.
Her personal best jump is 14.07 metres, achieved in July 2003 in Almaty. The Kazakhstani record is currently held by Yelena Parfenova with 14.23 metres.
Competition record
References
1983 births
Living people
Kazakhstani female triple jumpers
Kazakhstani female long jumpers
Athletes (track and field) at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Kazakhstan
Asian Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
Athletes (track and field) at the 2010 Asian Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2002 Asian Games
Asian Games bronze medalists for Kazakhstan
Medalists at the 2002 Asian Games
C. Moyinkutty (5 August 1943 – 9 November 2020) was an MLA, and the State Vice President of Indian Union Muslim League. He was previously elected to Kerala Legislative Assembly in 1996, 2006 and 2011 from Koduvally (1996-2001) and Thiruvambady (2001-2006; 2011-2016) constituencies. He was the Muthavalli and the President of Andona Mahal Juma Masjid.
Moyinkutty died on 9 November 2020 at the age of 77.
Positions held
State President and General Secretary of Muslim Youth League
Kozhikode District Secretary and Treasurer of Muslim League
Member K.S.R.D.B; Wakf Board
President of Grama Panchayat, Thamarassery.
Member of Legislative Assembly in 1996-2001 (Koduvally constituency)
Member of Legislative Assembly in 2001-2006 (Thiruvambady constituency)
Member of Legislative Assembly in 2011-2016 (Thiruvambady constituency)
Member of K.S.R.T.C Adversary board
Personal life
He was the son of Ahamed Kutty Haji and Kunhi Umacha. He was born at Thamarassery on 5 August 1943. He was married to Khadeeja and had three children. His children's names are Ansar M Ahammed, Haseena O, Mubeena.
References
Members of the Kerala Legislative Assembly
Indian Union Muslim League politicians
1943 births
2020 deaths
The following article presents a summary of the 1962 football (soccer) season in Brazil, which was the 61st season of competitive football in the country.
Taça Brasil
Semifinals
Final
Santos declared as the Taça Brasil champions by aggregate score of 9-6.
Torneio Rio-São Paulo
Final Stage
Botafogo declared as the Torneio Rio-São Paulo champions.
State championship champions
Other competition champions
Brazilian clubs in international competitions
Brazil national team
The following table lists all the games played by the Brazil national football team in official competitions and friendly matches during 1962.
References
Brazilian competitions at RSSSF
1962 Brazil national team matches at RSSSF
Seasons in Brazilian football
Brazil
Yaron Traub ( born 1964) is an Israeli conductor and pianist. He was born in Tel Aviv.
Traub was Music Director and Chief Conductor of the Valencia Orchestra from 2005 to 2017. Throughout the 1990s he served as Daniel Barenboim's assistant at the Bayreuth Festival and the Chicago Symphony Orchestra. Since winning the 1998 Orchestral Prize at the IV Kondrashin International Conducting Competition in Amsterdam, Traub has conducted numerous symphonic orchestras worldwide.
Yaron Traub is the son of Chaim Taub, former concertmaster of the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra.
{| class="wikitable"
|-
! !! Orchestra !! Position !! Preceded by... !! App. !! Left !! Succeeded by...
|-
|| || Chicago Symphony Orchestra || Assistant Conductor || || 1995 || 1998 ||
|-
|| || || Associate Conductor || || 1998 || 1999 ||
|-
|| || The Israel Sinfonietta Beersheba || Principal Conductor, Artistic Director || || 2002 || 2005 ||
|-
|| || Orquesta de Valencia || Principal Conductor, Artistic Director || || 2005 || 2017 ||
|-
|}
References
External links
Articles on Yaron Traub in El País
Israeli conductors (music)
1964 births
Living people
21st-century conductors (music)
Aatagallu () is a 2018 Indian Telugu-language action thriller film produced by Vaasireddy Ravindra, Vaasireddy Sivaji, Vaddapudi Jithendra, and Makkina Ramu under the Friends Movie Creations banner. The film was directed by Paruchuri Murali. The film stars Jagapathi Babu, Nara Rohit, Darshana Banik in the lead roles and music composed by Sai Karthik. Editing and Cinematography was handled by Marthand K. Venkatesh and Vijay C. Kumar respectively. The film was released on 24 August 2018.
Plot
The film begins with Siddharth a reputed filmmaker being accused of assassinating his wife, Anjali. Anyhow, he affirms himself as not guilty. Here, a valiant criminal lawyer Veerendra, who never knows a defeat is appointed as a prosecutor and he has all the evidence against Siddharth. However, as a rectitude, he believes that Siddharth is virtuous. So, he calls for a reinvestigation and uncovers, Munna, ex-lover of Anjali, as the culprit, and acquits Siddharth. Soon after a flabbergasted Veerendra, comes to know that Siddharth is indeed the culprit. Siddharth is a man of self-pride and cannot take any taint on his image. Once, he had a clash with a farmer Dharma Rao who slaps him on the road. A enraged Siddharth knocked him out. The incident makes a severe impact on Anjali and she decides to divulge the truth, so, he slaughtered her too. Right now, Veerendra targets Siddharth and brings out his true identity. Finally, the movie ends with self-esteemed Siddharth committing suicide.
Cast
Jagapathi Babu as Pubilc Prosectour Veerendra
Nara Rohit as Siddharth
Darshana Banik as Anjali
Brahmanandam as Go Go
Subbaraju as DCP Nayak
Sritej as Munna
Chalapathi Rao as Tenali Naidu
Nagineedu as CM
Prabhu as Dharma Rao
Satyam Rajesh as Rajesh Kumar
Priya as Padma, Anjali's mother
Jeeva as Munna's father
Tulasi as Munna's mother
Pilla Prasad as Excise Minister
Chitti
Production
The shooting of the film began on 11 October 2017 at Ramanaidu Studios, Hyderabad, Telangana, India, with the "first look" poster releasing on 11 May 2018. On 9 June 2018, a 67-second teaser was released, followed by the first song, "Née Valle," on 10 June from Red FM at Mango Music. Finally, the theatrical trailer was launched on 30 June 2018.
Soundtrack
The music was composed by Sai Karthik and was released on Mango Music Company.
Reception
The Times of India rated 1.5/5, stating that “There's no reason why you should suffer.” Everyone got impressed with Nara Rohit's acting, Jagapathi Babu's stern & serious looks worked out good for him and Darshana Banik as Cameo. 123telugu.com rated 2.5/5, announcing Aatagallu–Same old murder mystery: The film has nothing new to offer, making it a routine and outdated watch. Whereas Mirchi-9 granted 1.25/5 stating it as Playing with Audience Patience. Greatandhra.com declared 1/5 and named the film as "Totally Substandard". Telugu Mirchi accorded 2.75/5 professing "Aatagallu is an outdated, boring plot. Yet, interesting with gripping twists, but the director should not have revealed the twists so early.” Cine Josh affirmed the movie as a mindless film with countless negatives going with 2/5.
References
External links
2018 films
2010s Telugu-language films
2018 action thriller films
Indian action thriller films
Indian romantic thriller films
2010s romantic thriller films
Films scored by Sai Karthik
